doesn't mean anything to him anymore, not since he's father told him to tell anyone who asked that
The team reminds him of that.
There were (
When Tony went to another doctor and was diagnosed with severe anxiety at age 15 he didn't tell Howard and paid the doctor himself to keep quiet.
He tries not to think the fact that Thor left without saying goodbye.
Of what?
(He almost has an anxiety attack just by thinking of talking to them right now.)
The bots, in all their imperfection, are perfect. Tony have never, and will never, change them in any way that could twist their personality.
He was already familiar with feeling alone.
Tony's dreams are plagued by Howard yelling at him, Bucky and Steve glaring at him and a pain in his soulmark, something in it itching and clawing from inside of him to get out.
One time, Tony drops one of his pencils on the ground. He stares at it for a long time, before he burst out laughing. It's a crazy laugh, burning in him and he sobs too, shifting between laughing and sobbing.
Pepper asks Tony if he's okay.
Tony tells himself he is okay.
Oh well.
That he drinks alcohol afterwards to get the taste from his mouth gone is completely out of the point.
Tony can remember JARVIS speaking for the first time.
He can still feel the burning sensation of warm sand and the sun over him, feeling as though he was being cooked alive.
It would (it
He can't really remember a night since Afghanistan he's been able to sleep through the whole night.
They're full by silence now, an empty void where there is no sound.
Tony wanted to point out that it left them with him tied to a desk by means of Steve’s combat belt, but he couldn’t make his throat produce the words. Tears still streaked from the corners of his eyes, pouring hot over his temples, and running cold into his hair. “I don’t know.”
“Well, she wasn’t going to just tell you my name, now was she?” Riverstones said calmly. He gave Steve an intense stare. “And you are from the realm of the Two Legs.” He let his tongue flop out of his mouth in a broad smile. “I suppose you want to go back there.”
and ended up somewhere around
face faltered and color rose up on his cheeks. He shuffled his feet and Tony was surprisingly turned on by his missing shoes. The red toes on his navy blue socks were somehow adorable.
“Cap, behind you!”
that he couldn’t even reorient his attention to decipher who was at his bedside in the first place.
“Fuck, Steve. Stop. I didn’t.” Tony ran a frustrated hand through his hair and tugged hard. Steve stopped and turned to look at him cautiously. “I’m just tired, and I haven’t showered since... Whatever today is, it wasn’t today. Just.” Tony clawed at the back of his neck, feeling grimy and jumpy. “Give me a few minutes to shower, okay?’
The door at the end of the hall swung open at a touch, and the boat abruptly stopped moving. He looked over his shoulder to the familiar corridors of the ship, to the captain just visible at the turn in the hallway, to Steve standing silently beside him, and then turned back to the door. Through the doorway was a shore of dark sand, the sullen blue of Atlantic Ocean with a storm gathering in the distance. The air was cold and electric with impending fury, and far above the water the sky had been torn open.
She stared at him incredulously, her ears rotated out and head down.
of the bots’ servos. He dropped his hands to his sides, the momentary burst of anger-born energy fading and just leaving him
Tony left the suit half undone, trapping Steve’s arms against his sides. He bit into the swell of Steve’s left pectoral, and sucked hard at the skin until he tasted the tinge of blood. Steve held his breath through it, though Tony could feel him shaking under the strain, and wondered what it felt like to be that sensitive. As soon as Tony let him go, he gasped in a breath and struggled against the hold of his uniform. Tony reached down to grab him again, and grinned at how hard he was. Steve’s chest blushed a brilliant red.
Bruce snorted. “I’d believe Anish Kapoor as a supervillain.”
Tony felt his spine turning to liquid as the warmth of Steve’s body penetrated his borrowed clothing. His muscles jumped and twitched in confusion. When was the last time he’d been hugged? He tentatively brought his own arms up to wrap around Steve’s waist. He squeezed gently at first, and then found himself clinging to Steve like a drowning man. Steve shifted his grip until he could bury his hand in Tony’s hair, and turned his face until his nose was nuzzled up under Tony’s ear.
They stepped through the portal together.
…) “I am right here, Steve. I am trying to find you, I swear. I am… I am tearing up half the planet looking for you. Just tell me where you are, and I will come to you, please.”
Bruce shrugged.
The shiver was accompanied by a second sensation, something entirely new, subtle and alien, a blossom of heat spreading inexorably in all directions from some place between Tony’s thighs.  He could feel it now in his chest as a tremulous excitement, in his limbs as a delicious tingle.  He felt pleasantly light-headed, and there was a low-level buzz of white noise in his ears.  And, most of all, there was his growing awareness of a dull but pleasurable ache somewhere deep inside him, an unaccountable need to be filled. It was weird.  It was hot.  And holy shit, his panties were wet--well, his boxer-briefs, anyway.
**************************************************
Steve shook his head, “Yeah, I don't believe you.”  Tony, still standing on the dining room chair, looked mutinous. “Tony,” Steve asked, “do you think I’m angry with you?”
“Oh, Tony,” Steve sighed and let his head tip back against the sofa.  He contemplated the high, pre-war ceilings and the shadows cast there by the fragile blue glow from Tony’s chest.  He wanted to get the next part right and waited until he had all the words arranged in his mind.  It took some time.
“Hey,” Steve crossed to the sofa and sat down, propping up his own feet beside Tony’s, “what happened to jet-lagged?”
“Yeah,” Steve said calmly, “pretty sure.”  Reaching up, he wrapped his hand around Tony’s clenched fingers.  When Tony tried to pull away, Steve just turned the fist gently in his grip, placing one soft kiss on Tony’s upturned wrist, “But maybe you’re right, Tony.  Reasonable discussion sure isn’t going well.  Maybe it’s time to get physical,” he said.  Almost imperceptibly, Tony’s clenched fist loosened, and Steve allowed himself a fraction of a smile.  He let go of Tony’s hand, reaching instead for the blazer buttons right at eye-level.
.  And now you’re angry at me for trying out tits for a couple hours?”
“Seems like everybody knows this one,” Steve remarked.
Steve’s tone was not one which brooked argument.  Tony’s face closed, and he slouched wordlessly to the bedroom.  The room felt big and dark and anonymous as Tony fell back gently against the door, closing it with a soft click.  He undressed in darkness and, even then, it was painful, an embarrassment.  His whole body felt like a practical joke gone wrong.  He didn’t want to touch himself, not even to undress, and he was careful not to let his hands linger as he pulled off his clothes.  He felt like the absolute opposite of sexy, a -50 on the Richter arousal scale.
“Then. . . “Tony slurped his drink, bouncing on his toes, “what kind of question is it?”
“Last night.  Between the speech and the sex.  It was a short window. ”
“Forget the trip; I’ve moved on.  You’re cooking dinner.  In a
“Hi, Tony,” she said, grinning, “Listen, would you--” It didn’t matter what she said next because Tony would agree no matter what.
Well, folks, sorry for the wait.  School started again; I do so hate it when real work gets in the way of my fan-girling.  You may also notice that what was originally supposed to be two chapters has now been pushed to three.  (The sex scene went on longer than its originally allotted pages.  Yeah?)  Anyway, I promise that three will ACTUALLY be it for this one, and the third is mostly written already.
.  He didn’t smell wrong.
“It’s a costume party, Steve.  A
“Is that Gene Tierney?” Steve asked.
“Hey, hey,” he snagged the elbow of a passing pin-up girl with bright red lips, “can I borrow your lipstick?”
“Yeah, yeah, save the speech for the constituents.  I’ve heard it already,” Tony said, rolling his eyes, “And to think I always heard a girl could get it whenever she wants.”
“Tony, if you will leave this kitchen for the next five minutes, I promise I will not ask you for anything alive for the next five
temporary.  It was, I don’t know, some sort of gag booze that Sif had. You should see Thor’s tits.  They’re humongous.  Waaay bigger than mine.  But the effects only last as long as the buzz, and I only had a sip.  I’ll be back *
show up empty-handed from a coffee run.  It’s come back with the coffee or don’t come back at all.”
“No,” Tony raised a protesting finger, “No!  I, in fact, am angry with
“‘Uh-oh’ what?” Steve craned over the railing as Tony’s new group of admirers disappeared (with Tony) under the edge of the balcony, “Did they drop him?”
“Is there an empty guest room?”
There was a noise from behind the magazine: the unmistakable shutter-sound of a picture being taken.  He lowered the magazine just as the offending party stuffed the phone back into her purse.  She sat in the chair beside him, trying to look casual, flipping through the pages of her library book as if trying to find her place.
“Tony,” Steve said, “please say something.” And then, just like that, he knew exactly what he wanted:
“Eight,” but even that recollection wasn’t enough to make Tony feel better.  “Shit, Rhodey, do you know how many actual friends I have here?  Like, hang-out-with-pizza-on-a-Tuesday friends?”
10:00 pm.  Brooklyn.  Steve’s Apartment.
“I figured. As they say in the Scouts, ‘Be Prepared.’  Did they even have scouts yet?  When you were a lad?  In approximately 1856?” Tony shot back.  “Too bad, ‘cause I bet you would’ve had all the badges. Hey, Steve--” and Tony kissed him.  Steve’s mouth was deliciously hot, and when their tongues touched, Tony felt an electric thrill.  As he pulled away, he caught Steve’s full lower lip between his teeth and released it with a satisfyingly wet
more sense.”
Tony had gotten himself up, shaved, put on a suit.  He’d even picked out a watch.  Today was nothing but damage control.  It was just keeping up appearances. He didn’t need Pepper or Rhodey to dress him, and he could make it to Pasadena on his own.  He might even drive himself.  Yes, sure, he had gotten dressed at 2 am, and, yes, it had taken a good thirty minutes to pick socks, but fashion was serious business, and the church would be crawling with press.  If he couldn’t show them grief, he could damn well show them style. Besides, since Tony had started dressing nine hours ahead of the funeral, he could spend as long as he wanted staring into the abyss of the sock drawer.
magazine.  Glancing around furtively, he snatched it up.  Steve had insisted on having press at the wedding, spouting something about
With this goal in mind, Steve splayed one big hand against Tony’s chest, pushing him away long enough to retrieve lube from the bedside table and wet his fingers.  Tony groaned and lifted his hips and Steve pressed in one slick finger and then two.  “Do three,” Tony panted, though Steve could still clearly feel the tension in the muscle around his fingers.  Tony must have seen he was about to argue, and shut him down with a barked, “DO IT.”  The third finger made Tony hiss and go still, his eyes scrunched tight as he breathed through the burning stretch.
“I know that,” Tony sighed, “And, these days, I’m trying real hard to make the good stuff outweigh everything else, but there is a
“Could ‘sometime’ be now?” Steve asked hopefully, then amended, “Not that it has to be, of course.  I know you’re jet-lagged.”
“They are.  Unless their maiden name happens to be ‘Branstool,’ in which case, they cannot wait to get rid of it.”
when Steve’s lips wrapped around his cock.  Through the denim, Steve mouthed at the outline of Tony’s growing erection. When Steve glanced up from beneath his lashes, Tony was looking back with an expression of wonder, mouth open but wordless, one hand pressed to the wall and the other in a fist on top of the armoire.
Steve kicked the door shut.  The shoe went into a box of Christmas ornaments on top of the armoire where Tony would need a chair to retrieve it.  And, speaking of Tony, there he was, tearing open the bedroom door, wearing just one sneaker and starting to go red in the face.
Steve snorted.  On the other hand, Steve hadn’t been so nice either.  He was pretty sure Tony had been about to apologize when he’d issued the order for Tony to go to bed in his firmest do-not-pass-go, do-not-collect-$200 tone.  Yes, Steve admitted to himself, his other cheek had remained staunchly un-turned.
Sarcasm was reassuringly normal; Steve could feel his mouth lifting, too, “Thanks.  I wrote it out longhand yesterday, just in case.”
Of course, he did sleep with some people to start the whole playboy thing; but the fact that he never takes of his shirt during sex?
Click.
He still wishes he had told Jarvis about his soulmark before he died.
He dreams of dying, quick and only a little bit hurtful while people smiles to him.
You see, he has always been curious about a lot of things. Death is one of the things he is curious about.
Tony is pretty sure Howard hated Tony the moment he laid his eyes on him. Tony was never good enough; never perfect. While he might be a genius, he wasn't Captain America. Tony thinks he never really let go of him. It didn't help Howard and Maria Stark wasn't soulmates, although that was not a fact that the public knew. It didn't help it was a unhappy marriage and that Tony never was wanted, but was needed to continue the family line. It didn't help Howard thought Tony was only good to lash out his anger at.
the combat gear joining the sour coffee on the shitty carpet.
His claws found new homes in the rat’s thick skin, and he threw the faceplate back so he could sink his teeth into the rodent’s neck. The rat roared. It was a sound so un-rat-like, and so terrifying that Tony felt his fur standing on end. There was a great clamor of noise behind him, but Tony couldn’t spare any attention from just hanging on as the rat flailed and tried to pry him off. He tasted blood, hot and rich, and doubled down, ripping his head sideways in a quest for more.
People also didn’t have tails.
The dog shifted in an apparently futile attempt to get up, and Tony realized that it didn’t have dark, strangely striped fur. It was wearing a shirt with alternating dark and light stripes on the lower hem. Tony bounded out of the grass and ran across the clearing.
“Tony!” Steve snapped, squirming backwards.
Nails leaving gouges in the wood, Tony lifted his hand and spun the cylinder with a twitch. His shooting hand moved more smoothly, jerking the gun over so the cylinder clattered home. The stop hand locked into a notch and Tony let out a shaky breath. His shoulders relaxed once he’d fulfilled the order and he shuddered.
The sky dimmed. After the brilliance of the explosion, everything seemed dark and dull. Silence and pressure swallowed the beach. Tony could see Captain America’s mouth moving, screaming something he couldn’t make out. Rhodey tumbled and jittered through the sky, thrusters firing intermittently, flight stabilizers flickering as he flailed his arms in an instinctive attempt to regain his balance. Tony watched as Rhodey oriented himself and then turned and dove back toward the waves.
The captain pursed his chapped lips. The motion made his whiskers bristle out like an annoyed cat. Tony tried to laugh, but the only thing he managed was a vague vibration against his chest. He pulled his knees up slowly, ignored the pain in his hips, and fought to kick out of the sleeping bag.
Clint made a huffy, frustrated noise, but he said, “Whatever. Have fun with your toys.” He blew a kiss at the screen and disconnected. Tony had Jarvis stream the movie on the workshop monitor and tinkered with the StarkPhone7 for Pepper.
Riverstones made a low noise, and then pulled ahead in a brief burst of speed.
?” Steve shot back.
Steve’s eyes opened and somehow went right to Tony, as if he’d expected him to be there, as if he’d been waiting for Tony all along. “I’m sorry I haven’t been there as much as I would like, Tony,” he said softly. No one else seemed to hear him. “Please come back to me.”
stolen technology, and going through Steve to do it.
Unfazed by the insult, she dropped to the ground and rolled around, laughing. Steve’s ears flicked at the sound. It was both very clearly a laugh, and also just a collection of high-pitched yips. Tony made an unhappy
Riverstones made an abrupt turn at a shallow creek. He led them upstream for what Steve gauged to be about a mile, though it was harder to judge distances in his canine form. While he missed the color vision, there was almost a sort of nostalgia about it that reminded him of being a child. The tradeoff for his missing color vision was night vision like he’d never experienced. He knew Tony’s eyes would be more acute than his in the dark, and wondered what the night time world looked like to him when it was so beautiful to Steve.
Eyes narrowed, the captain said, “Dr. Winslow is in the echo lab. Do you need to see the physician?”
The names punched a deep hole in him. He felt his shoulders slumping. Even if these people were tricking him, even if they meant him some kind of harm, what did it matter? Not even the shallow bond he’d had with Howard was still there. He had no one to fight for anymore.
” Tony mocked in a nasty sneer.
As soon as Riverstones’ chest was on level ground, Steve let him go. He pushed himself up until he had his back feet under him, and then sprawled out.
That wasn’t what Tony wanted either, so he swiped the lube off the table and stepped out of his pants. Steve watched him with hungry, confused eyes, but he went willingly when Tony pushed him backwards to the couch. Steve landed hard, already naked from the waist down, and watched warily as Tony stripped off his shirt and left it in a pile on the floor. His eyes drifted over the puddle of cloth and back up to Tony’s face.
He may have been raised Catholic, but his Irish mother had instilled a sometimes-contradictory, though just as fervently adhered-to respect for the wee folk. Looking around the village made the fur on the back of his neck stand up. For one moment, he wondered if the puddles of darkness had really been fairy rings. He’d inhaled enough dust and bugs while exploring the forest to make him wonder if it counted as eating.
He shivered and reached for a pillow to pull across his lap, tapping the space next to him. Steve sat down with one knee tucked up on the bed. He spread the paperwork over Tony’s pillow – mission reports, and why did Steve still
. He shifted automatically to stand, but resettled his weight. “Not this time,” he said unhappily. “Too much to do. Eat some eggrolls for me.”
Realizing that they’d never introduced themselves amongst all the snarling and hissing and laughing, Steve said, “My name is Steve.”
Tony said when Steve just turned to glare at him over one shoulder.
He snapped his jaw shut and met Steve’s eyes. “Run, please, run. You’re so much stronger than this asshole, Steve. Please.” The tears traced worn paths through the grime on his cheeks. His eyes flickered down. Steve followed his gaze. He couldn’t see the bullet in any of the four exposed chambers. It was either ready to fire, or in the chamber directly opposite, three clicks away.
Steve’s forehead landed on Tony’s shoulder, and his hands hovered around Tony’s hips like he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to touch, or maybe he’d forgotten that he had hands to begin with. Tony grabbed him by the belt buckle and towed him forward. Steve followed without protest, and, when Tony spun him around and pushed, landed on the bed with a soft huff that was almost obscured by the squeak of the springs. It had been a long time since Tony had fucked someone on a bed that squeaked, and it made him wonder how well they’d soundproofed the room, and who might be on the other side of the walls. Steve scrambled backwards up to the head of the bed, watching Tony with wide eyes.
, Tony returned.
“Sometimes you just don’t have the wire clippers on hand,” Tony murmured.
Tony decided to ignore him. Cats played the I’m Ignoring You as if You Do Not Exist game all the time. He was a cat (Temporarily, a cat-shaped person), he could play that game. On the other side of the small clearing, the wolf had her tongue lulling out of her mouth, lips stretched into a grin without a hint of teeth showing. She tilted her head to look at Tony quizzically.
“No,” he said with simple, uncompromising authority.
Steve searched his grizzled face for a clue to what was going on. “Where…?” he asked, and nearly threw up when the man told him he was ‘home.’ “The war?”
kind of party?”
Tony turned to look at him, and Rhodey stared back from the slit of the woven mask. “Rhodey, I don’t understand what’s happening,” Tony pleaded.
Riverstones asked, giving him a once over.
Steve’s shield flung out with a high pitch
, Steve, and I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” Tony’s chest heaved for breath while Steve just glared at him with that bulldog-jaw look settled firmly on his face. “Tell me what I can do – what I can actually do that is in the realm of, if not humanly possible, at least possible for
Steve snapped out a deafening bark that made Redskull cower briefly before sending him into another fit of meaningless howls.
Without thinking about it, Tony dropped his head all the way down, curling his shoulders forward. The motion triggered the helmet, which folded gently around his ears, and then down over his face. In a rush of light, the HUD came up. He curled his paws, and a display came up. Two fast blinks activated the jets. Tony hovered a foot off the ground, and then dropped back down. He looked over at Steve.
There was a time when Tony thought in happy endings. When he believed that everything would turn out good. When he had hope for a bright future.
His stomach had turned on itself so quickly he merely made it to the trash bin before he threw his guts up, wound aching and still bleeding.
Tony can remember laughing with Rhodey.
Tony's friends didn't remember.
He needs to leave.
"Rhodey?" Why does his throat feel so dry? He swallows again.
It was... It was a normal day.
There was a time when Tony thought in happy endings. When he believed that everything would turn out good. When he had hope for a bright future.
Nobody, except maybe for Natasha and Yinsen, who is dead, even knows he has one soulmate and definitely doesn't know he has two. Why should he say anything, when they doesn't have a clue?
It hurt like a bitch when Rhodey took the War Machine suit. Tony knew it was wrong. But he also knew he just couldn't loose Rhodey. So he forgave him. Besides, it's his own fault, just like everything else. It all worked out in the end.
He couldn't bring himself to be dependant on something, was what he told himself.
He can still remember the thoughts of hoping somebody would come and save him.
(-) He's been there for 3 days.
Tony wishes he never got one.
(Tony thinks the marriage wasn't always unhappy. Sometimes his mother would get sad and longing looks while looking at Howard. Tony thinks the words his mother would say about Howard to guests, (
“I thought that the independent young women of America were all keeping their last names these days.”
“How could I?  You’re all stuff.”
“Yeah, but over, what?  Like, six or seven hours, right?”
“No, really?” Steve laughed, still wildly out-of-breath.  Tony, he reflected, and not for the first time, was one hell of a kisser.
“Oh my goodness, Tony, what did you do?”  She said, reaching for the bag, “Should I open it now?”  She grinned.
“Thanks.  I hope I get some kind of points for this,” he replied, tugging on the hat.  It itched.
Trailing after Tony’s naked back, Steve recalled something else from the long, hushed afternoons in the sculpture galleries: the aching loneliness.  The statues had been close and yet untouchable, which had always seemed sad somehow.  They were so intensely life-like, it was impossible not to view them as conscious, and yet they were each marooned on their plinths, cursed to gaze at one other’s sumptuous bodies, all the while unable to experience the ecstasy of flesh on flesh.  At the time, it had been a condition he could easily relate to.  No one had been ecstatically experiencing his flesh, either.  Though, to be fair,
“Thanks,” she smiled back, accepting the drink, “and, look, how nice.  The hunch punch matches my dress.”
“147, come on down!” Tony said, doing his best Rod Roddy, and bounced to his feet, “You got the marriage license?”
“I’ve been thinking.  About what you said last night,” Tony looked, for once, quite serious. Steve folded the paper away.  “If names are symbols, what is mine a symbol for?  The name ‘Stark’ comes with a lot of baggage. We’re talking full-flight, Havana to New York, every suitcase filled with duty-free rum and cigars, levels of baggage here.”
“Pep’s real name is Virginia,” Tony broke in, finger raised, “And don’t say Happy because that’s not his real name either.  Oh shit, but it
“That tub of glorified icing you bought?  Yes.  So you’ve gone from wanting liquid grass clippings to pure sugar in less than ten seconds?  I feel like that says something about the grass clippings.”
A woman took the stage, sweeping the microphone out of the stand with a grin and a wink.  She was small and trim, with loose waves of dark hair and a swipe of bright lipstick.  Steve wasn’t sure about her costume: Charlie Chaplin maybe, only without the bowler and cane.  Whatever it was, it looked incomplete, as though she had shed some of its pieces over the course of the night.  Now, she was down to a vest, baggy trousers, and a shirt with the sleeves rolled up to her elbows, exposing her fragile-looking wrists and forearms.  Actually, she was sort of small and fragile-looking all over, but she controlled the stage masterfully: strutting up and down, kicking up a flirty heel here and there, reaching down a slim hand towards the crowd.  When she began to sing, her voice was controlled, but high and breathy.
In his sock feet, he crept to the bedroom door, laid his ear flat against it. Tony had been pretty smashed, and when Steve didn’t hear anything, he was confident that Tony had fallen asleep.  He stood at the door a long time, wracked with indecision.  On the one hand, he really wanted to check on Tony.  On the other hand, he really didn’t. Tony’s current . . . state-of-being was upsetting Steve in a way that was hard to articulate.  He’d been to a show once at the Museum of Modern Art, weird stuff, a teacup and a saucer wrapped with fur, an iron bifurcated by a line of little tacks running down it’s face.  There had been a painting, too, a detailed but ultimately workmanlike landscape, unremarkable except for the fact that something about it made his skin crawl.  He’d spent a long time with it, first staring at it from across the gallery, then moving close enough to make the guard cough meaningfully.  Finally, at a middle distance, he began to notice the distorted faces in the trees, the fact that the rolling hills in the background were actually a pair of disembodied lips.  He’d read a little Freud in art school, enough to know that
to stop and interject.  “Wait, wait, wait,” his glee was ill-contained, “You’re admitting that Steve Rogers likes them
try to take the phone back, I guess,” Steve mused, rubbing his chin.  He eyed Tony deliberately up and down, from the travel-grimed hair to the unequally shod feet on the dining room chair, “But, I gotta say, I think I can take you.”
Steve wordlessly pulled the covers back for both of them and switched out the lamp. Tony, in the darkness, and almost despite himself, pressed against Steve’s broad chest, nestling his cheek against the great, beating heart, clinging to the reassuring physical comfort.  Steve wrapped around him tenderly, resting his chin on top of his head and his arm around his waist.
“Hmm,” Howard mused, sipping his wine, “tell me again, why did I buy you that VCR when you insist on using this,” he waved at the film, “totally outmoded technology?”
“No.  The bottle in the back of the refrigerator was six months past the expiration date, and I threw it out.”
Steve’s felt his eyebrows lift practically to his hairline.  Tony looked like the cat that ate the canary.
He hadn’t hesitated when he’d been offered the little glass bottle from Sif’s leather bag.  Lady Thor was a fucking knockout, built like a brick house with enormous breasts and gold hair to the waist.  Sif, on the other hand, instantly grew a beard like a long-lost member of ZZ Topp, and they’d had a terrific laugh.  And then it’d been Tony’s turn.
“Big mistake.  Never speak with Clint.  Clint gives people dangerous ideas,” Tony quipped, but he could feel himself smiling, too.
In the distance, a door opened and then shut, then another.  Tony felt his stomach drop.  Howard was home, three days early.
“Tony?”
“Would you wait here a second,” she asked instead, “while I talk with my roommate?  Then maybe you’d walk me back to my dorm?”  Her eyes raked him up and down with lascivious promise.  He could practically feel the condoms burning in his wallet.
“So,” Tony starts, hating the thick haze of tension in the air, more overwhelming than the copious amounts of steam filling the small room. “Come here often?”
“I just couldn't take it anymore,” he says, and his voice cracks.
He’s not good enough.
It’s loud, screechingly so, and has the kind of violent rhythm that Bucky suspects its fans’ heartbeats have. He almost turns around then, wanting to escape the aggressive music, when he notices Tony over in the corner, bent over a faded green car, elbow-deep in its hood.
He lost his daughter the minute he knew of her existence.
yesterday. That part of him demands he man up and stop being such a wuss, and is still expecting at any moment to be shot in the ass, or worse, calf.
Any mention of the shower, however, and Steve clenches his jaw and acts cold towards Tony for the rest of the day. Steve has yet to smile at him, and they are most certainly not friends, but they can be in the same room as each other without fighting and have even managed to make some small talk, even if it is still about work.
Steve chuckles awkwardly. “Where do we go from here…?” Uncertainty is pouring off him in waves, so hot and uncomfortable Bucky has to fight off the ridiculous urge to fan himself.
“Yes?” Bucky asks while he cocks an eyebrow, amused.
Tony smiles a little in spite of himself. “I don’t think that will be necessary.”
His heart had begun pounding a furious tattoo against his ribcage, and Steve sucked in a harsh breath, his hands clenching at his sides. Bucky, of course, didn’t notice, still wallowing in self-pity.
, even stomping his foot in frustration, and
“You got it.”
There’s also the teeny tiny minuscule blink-you’d-miss-it problem of Bucky feeling his temper boil up every time he thought of it. It was no big deal. He’d get over it.
Steve had just tried to
“You don’t mean that.”
The smile is a little too direct and too warm, a little too much attention is paid to detail, and everything about the fucking thing indicates clearly that this is someone the artist has memorized in and out, evey dip, every curve, every bump.
It’s clear he doesn’t have any money, but he must look more bedraggled and beaten up than he thought, because a small woman with an apron and salt and pepper hair pulled back into a tight women sidles out behind the counter and asks him what he wants kindly in poorly accented english.
“Buck?” Steve had whispered again, eyes glued to Bucky’s dick in horror which was swollen to larger size than normal and looked unusually stiff. “What are you
He also spends some time looking up baby names, but they’re quick, hurried searches as if he’s not allowed. The doctor told him the positioning of the baby when he went in for his fourth-month check-up made it impossible to tell the sex, and told him to come back in two weeks’ time.
“That man is in love with you, Stevie. You know that?” Bucky knew this was crossing a line and Tony would likely hate him forever for this, but damnit, it was necessary for Steve to hear.
Tony looks startled, before he throws his head back and laughs. “That would do it, I suppose,” he says, still chuckling. Bucky can’t help but quietly admire him then, the way he just seems so… free. Any tension between them from Steve or things they’ve said is suddenly broken with that one relaxed laugh, and though Bucky would rather die than admit it, he’s glad.
“What? Why? Bruce, is it dangerous?” Steve demands, immediately snapping back into his role as their team leader.
“I know, fuck,” he mumbles into Bucky’s neck. “I’m happy, too.”
“Steve, I hate to break it to you, but in the picture means you’re there with the baby. With Tony.”
“Would he be able to help me?”
The next thing he has to do is send an email to Pepper, because she’s set to visit in two weeks, and Tony feels more excitement than nervousness, to his pleasant surprise. It’s just what he needs. A very much needed distraction from the two testosterone-riddled men who are currently driving him crazy, although one more than the other, to Bucky’s credit.
“Just listen to Bruce, Tony,” Steve snaps, looking pained.
. He gave up the baby as soon as he left, and he knows that now.
Bucky nods easily as if that was what he was expecting him to say. He ushers Tony to the couch and lays down, caging Tony in his arms when he squeezes in next to him. He carefully avoids touching the baby bump, unsure of how Tony would take to that.
Tony clears his throat. “Can I help you?”
He watches as Clint and Natasha jump out of the quinjet, tucking and rolling onto the roof of a building. Thor swings his hammer, clocking one square on the top so it drops with a mournful buzz, shattering against the asphalt, goo seeping into the sidewalk. Steve drops out of the quinjet last, hurling his shield and taking out five at once, before giving direction to Natasha to get the sample for Bruce.
. “I didn’t mean it, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, please,
It was a while before either spoke.
Steve swallows heavily and nods, not even bothering to pull a mask over his features as he casts his eyes towards the ground. The corners of his mouth tighten briefly and Tony thinks he’s going to look up and protest, maybe scream in Tony’s face or try to make out with him again, but he doesn’t. He walks away towards the tower, picking up his chin and staring straight ahead.
This will update every Tuesday from here on out, and if anyone would like to beta for me, just let me know ;)
Steve swallows, takes a sip. His hand is trembling. “How can I do that when you’re his boyfriend?” he asks. “How am I supposed to be involved with my daughter’s life if I can’t see her? If her dad hates me?”
, Steve says,  not
“Sick?” Bucky asks, a little alarmed by the phrasing.
last thing, I've almost completely lost track at this point, but lets pretend Tony's 29 weeks, or almost seven months, along. I smell a baby within in the next, oh, four chapters, or so? (hopefully two but I'm giving myself breathing room)
Clint switched his comm to a private connection.
” he asks, holding up the sketchbook open to the page of Tony being pounded into the wall. He holds it in his metal hand tightly because his real one is shaking too hard for the picture to be visible.
“Fuck, I missed you,” Bucky says, and pulls away, looking at Steve with only slightly glassy eyes.
, and Bucky…
Tony looks at him and smiles a little. One hand comes carefully down to cradle his stomach, and his voice only trembles a little when he says, “I’m having a girl.”
It’s the second week, however, that he finally breaks. This week marks the tenth week of his pregnancy, and something about the number and the fact that it’ll only be half a month before he starts showing gets to him.
“I could probably put my whole fist in you.”
. He could still feel it reverberating in his chest. Looking down, he saw the panels of the suit going down his arms, but they were at the wrong angle, and they tapered down to paws.
? Tony asked in a whisper as the throng of animals gradually surrounded them. None of them spoke, but they all gave Steve and Tony curious looks.
With a triumphant noise, Steve dove into the hole. Tony watched curiously as he tried to wiggle his way further into it, and belated turned on the recording feature. If they were ever able to get home, and if the footage came along with them, the Internet was going to need to see Captain Ameriwolf squirming into a hole like a dog trying to get under a fence. His big bushy tail swished behind him, and his feet kicked comically in the air as he wormed further in.
“Come back with me,” Steve said softly.
The laser disappeared from Steve’s line of sight, but he didn’t need to be able to see it to trace the trajectory of the muzzle. Tony started cussing. Loud, snarling, vicious curses poured out in a dozen languages. He insulted Kilgrave’s manhood, mother, and sanity in a long string of creative expletives. His eyes were red with fatigue and tears, and his face was deep red with the blood pounding through his cheeks.
“Pretty busy with the security contract for the Pentagon,” Tony said for a pre-emptive excuse. Also not a lie. “Maybe,” he said when Steve didn’t respond or move for several seconds.
He could hear them just on the other side of a bush when there was a sharp snap of dry wood breaking, and then a throaty snarl. In the time it took Tony to register the noise, the soft chattering of dog-speak had descended into deep growls punctuated by loud barks. Tony bounded around the bush, cursing himself for letting Steve just walk off with a stranger. They might not get along all the time, but Steve was his teammate, and Tony shouldn’t have just trusted him the company of a strange wolf.
Tony complained. He felt his chest warming with a faint growl, and his spine curling up.
Tony flung his arms into the air. His frustration was a physical weight under his skin, a low buzzing against the back of his neck. He felt stifled in his stupid goddamn catsuit, and tore at his collar to loosen the stranglehold. “Okay, Steve. As soon as I figure out how to fold time and space, I’ll get right on that.”
the wolf observed.
He fell asleep against Rhodey’s shoulder on the couch in the Avenger’s common room. It wasn’t his fault. He’d been awake for two days, and there had been slimy green lizard mutant things, and Rhodey was familiar, and warm, and smelled like Calvin Klein’s
“Can we not today?” Tony blurted out. Steve went still under him, and Tony replayed the last three seconds – yup, he’d said that out loud.
The last thing he remembered was nosing the Valkyrie down into the water.
Tony shuffled into the room and pressed his hands to the foot of the bed. It didn’t move under his touch, the blankets didn’t pull tight over the feet beneath them.
, Tony said, his voice filled with unmistakable laughter.
Steve summed up.
laughed at him. Talking to Steve was like dealing with unstable dynamite. Sometimes, Steve would seem to forget that they weren’t friends anymore, and he would be relaxed enough to smile, but most of the time, any stray word or unguarded expression sent him down an angry spiral.
Tony sat up, and patted Steve lightly on the thigh. “Home. Let’s just call this home for now, shall we, darling?” He pushed himself out of the wet mess of the bed, and crossed to the bathroom before Steve could ask him any pressing questions. He turned back at the door, reaching around the frame to turn the light on. “You’re welcome to join me.”
Tony let his breath out in a shuddery wheeze. He nodded and grabbed the slick edges of the table to pull himself upright. To his shock, Steve slid an arm under his knees and helped him move his feet over the side. He put his other arm around Tony’s shoulders and eased him off the table. His feet felt numb and he stumbled when he tried to support his own weight.
“You’re lost,” Steve said gently beside him. Tony pulled his attention away from the Steve at his bedside and took in the much more tired version. He seemed skinnier somehow, less. Worn down. “You’re caught in a storm, stuck between realities. They need you here.” He set a gentle hand down on Tony’s leg where it remained unmoving under the hospital blankets.
Glancing up at Tony’s face one more time, Steve leaned over abruptly and took Tony’s cock into his mouth, straight down to the root. Tony jerked and gasped at the suddenness of it, legs kicking out automatically, knees lifting in an effort to wrap around Steve’s waist again, but Steve just looked up at him through his long lashes, and Tony instantly subsided. Without the leverage to even thrust upward, he couldn’t do more than flop helplessly. Steve was not gentle with him, as much teeth as tongue, sucking hard like he meant to pull Tony inside out. It was too intense to be exactly pleasurable, not painful enough to be anything else. Tony bit into his lip and screamed Steve’s name against his teeth, tasting fresh blood as his mind whited out.
“What are we going to do today?” Tony shouted over the crashing surf. He more than half expected one day the captain would catch on (and/or spontaneously grow a sense of humor) and respond,
The thing he missed the most about Pepper – okay, that was a lie, he missed almost everything about Pepper – but the thing he was really surprised that he missed was the cuddling. He hadn’t realized how much he enjoyed cuddling until he didn’t have the option anymore. Curling around a pillow wasn’t the same – even that ridiculous body pillow that had tentacle-y arms to cuddle back – and he didn’t sleep as well without the ghost of Pepper’s breath on the back of his neck. At first, he told himself that he would get over it. He hadn’t had anyone to cuddle with for the first forty years, he would get used to going to bed alone, waking up alone, gasping through the nightmares alone. Yet, almost a year later, he still dreaded going to bed, and mostly curled up on the couch in the lab when he just couldn’t keep his eyes open any longer.
She cuddled tighter to side, her tail tucked around her feet, face hidden in his fur. Letting out a soft sigh, Tony curled over to grab her by the scruff. Her back feet came up immediately, and her tail tucked against her belly, making her a compact package. The forest looked different in the dark, and Tony had a moment’s worry that he wouldn’t be able to find his way back to the village, but his feet seemed to know the way. The kitten remained quiet as they moved, not even making a peep when he set her down for a break before picking her up again.
Steve stayed in the doorway for a few more minutes, and Tony finally looked up at him. His lips twitched in an anemic smile, and he turned to go.
He redesigned Rhodey’s targeting system the next night and increased the efficiency of his thrusters by eleven percent.
Startled, the wolf threw her head back. She yipped, bounded sideways, and started to shake. Tony held on like a limpet, gnawing through her stinking fur to get to her equally thick skin. She yowled, and bucked to throw him off.
He’d been tricked. The meeting reminder had said
Steve felt the pressure on his spine ease marginally as Kilgrave focused his attention on Tony. It was barely noticeable, but there. He forced himself to relax, let all the tension out of his limbs. Behind Tony, Kilgrave kept talking, but Tony wasn’t listening. His eyes sharpened on Steve’s chest, noticing the release of tension instantly. His gaze flickered up, and Steve glanced down to the right corner of the table where his knee was still lodged against the leg. Tony didn’t follow his gaze. He swallowed hard and shivered.
Steve jolted. “Darling?”
Tony frowned, remembered Steve’s body drifting past the porthole, and asked, “Why are we taking a submersible if it’s on the ice?”
“I have been having some performance and discipline issues with my support staff.” He clenched his teeth immediately after getting the words out, his gaze direct and hostile.
There was another pause, and then his HUD went dark. Just when he was going to start yelling at it again, he caught Steve out of the corner of his eye, glowing in muddy yellows and browns and blues, and then the rest of the world slowly resolved into the same. He backed up as far as the slope behind him would allow, and then started walking around the base of the cliff. Steve padded after him, though Riverstones just watched him with a palpable air of confusion as Tony slowly panned his gaze over the cliff.
He wasn’t successful, but at least Sam and Bruce didn’t try to make him talk.
, the sign above it read.
It had developed into a pattern. The team invited him up for hey-we’re-all-awake-wanna-watch-X-Files? And Tony started out with perfectly good intentions of explaining why Scully was such a horrible example of a scientist, but he ended up curled against someone within a few minutes of the opening music. He’d managed to fall asleep in Bruce’s lap, tucked into Clint’s neck, twice on Natasha, once wedged between Sam’s back and the cushions, and woke up in the process of draping his leg over Rhodey’s knee twice. The one time he’d fallen asleep on Thor, the bigger man had gathered him up like a teddy bear and it had taken Tony ten minutes of squirming to get out of his grip. It had gotten out of hand, and he couldn’t keep doing it – even with ‘thank you for letting me force-cuddle you last night’ presents – or they would put it together. He was surprised they hadn’t already.
Steve was quiet for several seconds, and then rolled onto his side and nuzzled against Tony’s shoulder. He set a gentle kiss to Tony’s neck. “I think that could be arranged. For as long as you’re here.”
She stared at him very intently for several long seconds before saying, “I see.”
“Why don’t you spin the cylinder, Mr. Stark?” a soft voice suggested from the darkness. Steve’s eyes flashed over to the darkened corner. His quads bunched and he managed to lift himself an inch and a half off the chair, hands planted on the table while Tony’s nails scraped across the surface and the gun chittered as it shook.
Awareness came back all at once. Tony sat up, and decided that it would probably be best for all involved if no one mentioned the fact that he and Captain America had been spooning on the forest floor. Or that Tony had cheerfully set off to stock an entire bakery with his fidgety paws. He jumped back down into the road as Steve came ambling back, great big jaws spread wide in a fearsome yawn.
“Where was she?” a cat asked once the general hubbub had quieted.
Tony felt the ghost of Steve’s hand on his shoulder, a voice whispering
Behind him, Redskull howled out something ugly and guttural. Tony spun around, but the man was still on his back, one of Steve’s massive paws planted on his chest. He pointed at Tony and babbled incoherently, eyes crazy, body vibrating with his rage. With a start, Tony realized that he was probably
. We’re going to watch Mystery Science Theatre 3000 on mute and do the commentary ourselves.”
Tony decided that he didn’t really like being called ‘cat,’ but they had bigger fish to fry. He slithered off Steve’s back to rush over to the stacks of cages. The kittens has been crammed in like furry sardines, hundreds of them huddled together and crying for their parents.
There was a scrape of movement, and then a high pitched whine. Whatever it was, it was hurt, and probably bigger than Tony-the-freaking-cat, and it might want to eat him, armor and all. He tried to get the faceplate back up, but he couldn’t get his paws to reach between his shoulder blades. His pulse leapt up, and he dropped his mouth open to pant. Meanwhile, his back legs started to tingle with tension. Running would be a good idea if he knew what was out there, or how to run on four legs for that matter.
“Tony!” Steve shouted over the bedlam. “Tony, you’re safe. You’re back, you’re okay.”
Tony had fucked that up, of course. He fucked up even when he was at his best, and he definitely wasn’t at his best.
There was no arc reactor in his chest, but he felt heavy all the same, like he needed a charging port. His joints ached. He pinballed down the corridor, avoiding the shadowy forms of crewmen who had names (everyone did) but he couldn’t remember them.
“The last five times we’ve gotten together, you haven’t come.”
The Head Rat-oncho stood, bringing him up to a truly enormous height that Tony guessed was pretty close to six feet. He glowed a malevolent red, and then pointed a gnarled finger at them. As if they were one body, the thousands of rats turned to look at them. Their eyes took on the same sickly glow.
“How can you say you still love me?”
and so relieved that all he could do was laugh, except his throat was too dry to make the noise and it sounded like sobbing. He remembered pulling the collar of his shirt aside to see lines like microcircuits creeping up his neck. He remembered building his own particle accelerator. He remembered Steve’s eyes following him with disappointment as Tony broke into a secure facility to retrieve
Steve gave the failed bot on the table a curious look.  “What are you working on?”
Finally sprawling out on his stomach, Tony listened for sounds of pursuit. The clearing was quiet except for insect noises and the labored panting of whatever he’d run from. Whatever it was, it was obviously hurt too badly to chase to him. Charging off blindly into an alien forest wouldn’t help him, and he still needed to find Steve. Thor had said the wind portal “smacked” of Loki’s magic, and Steve and Tony had fallen into some kind of portal themselves.
Tony’s ears went back in annoyance at himself. He didn’t know if the planet had red, but he had the evidence right in front of his face that he couldn’t see it. Steve’s stripes looked white and brown. He looked down at himself and saw brown interlocking panels with yellow accents. Yowling to get Steve’s attention, he slowly shifted his weight so he was balanced on his back legs, and reached his arms out.
He felt dizzy and sick to his stomach, like being rocked on the surface instead of insulated below the waves. Tony shook his head hard enough to make the helmet rattle, but he was suffocating inside of it, it was too close, and too small, and smelled like iron (really iron, not gold-titanium alloy 1:3). He gagged and tried to take it off, but his hands stayed firmly by his sides.
She started to speak, but Steve’s pulse abruptly rose to overwhelm everything except the sound of their dissonant tones clashing – that was what had been wrong. It wasn’t what was
Tony gave him an uncertain look. He wasn’t technically ‘free’ any day. Between SI, tech for the Avengers, the occasional baddie who decided to upend his schedule, and the work he managed to squeeze in for his charities, he was always swamped. “Not sure,” he lied, equal parts uneasy and curious.
There was a brief pause and then Jarvis said, “As you like, sir.”
“Spin it and flick it closed,” Kilgrave said almost sweetly, “Just like in the movies.”
“No,” Tony said without heat. He couldn’t muster up the energy for heat, didn’t have a warm molecule in his body. He stumbled off the bunk, and expected the captain to help him stand, but he didn’t. The giant man stood and crossed his arms over his chest. Tony caught the bulkhead and looked at him, but he only shook his grizzly head.
“Mr. Stark!” the captain called from outside the plane. “It’s not safe!”
Steve couldn’t help a laugh as he hopped onto the log. Tony’s claws sank into his fur for purchase, but he didn’t complain at being jostled. Steve still took extra care getting from the log to the bolder, and stepped into the water rather than vaulting over it to reduce the risk of losing his small companion. Riverstones waited for them patiently on the opposite bank, his tongue hanging out of his mouth in a doggy grin. Steve recognized the sly look on his face as one of understanding, and felt himself ducking his head in slight embarrassment. Tony licked his ear once as a shorthand for
“I don’t understand,” Tony told the glass door.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Iron Man,” Steve said, patting his hand.
It took an embarrassingly long time to occur to him that if he was a cat, Steve might also be a cat. Or at least a something that wasn’t a human with opposable thumbs. Moving very slowly, he poked his head up over the grass. The sky had grown light enough to make out more details of the clearing. Everything was a very dull color, and all of the vegetation in the area was blue or gray. If nothing else, the lack of color made the giant form of the dog stand out.
now is it?”
Staring at him, unblinking, Tony held a Smith and Wesson .44 Magnum revolver with a laser sight. The gun trembled in his hand, the red laser cutting through the surrounding darkness like a macabre light show. His elbow was braced against the table, wrist twisted at an odd angle to keep the muzzle pointed approximately at Steve’s chest. His jaw clenched.
Tony picked his way over and nudged unabashedly under Steve’s chin. He curled into a compact with his armored tail tucked around his nose, and promptly went to sleep. Riverstones joined them shortly after, lowering himself down slowly to the dirt and letting out a great sigh.
my own twin!” He added in a nasally imitation of his brother’s voice.
The kitten, quiet up to then, began to cry in sharp piercing bursts. Tony immediately moved out of the cover of the house as the terrified mother turned toward the sound. The rest of the villagers came running as well, and Tony hastily put the kitten down, afraid they might think he’d been trying to kidnap her.
Steve looked back uncertainly. “How far is the road?”
, and he stepped around Tony until he stood in front of him. He was dressed in a dark blue knit top and pleated khaki pants (who under the age of 70 wore pleated pants unironically? Steve, that’s who. And he looked damn good in them.) Tony felt his lips pulling up at the corners.
Temper deflating, Steve tried to dismiss the storm of annoyance. He gave Tony a nod of acknowledgement, and Tony nodded back without a word. Normally so graceful in the suit, he looked stiff as he turned away from the swelling pools of nothingness. Steve expected him to hover around the strange tears in reality, but Tony turned away from both of them and walked away to wave the gathered gawkers further back.
, she observed. Whether it was just bad timing, or she did it on purpose, Steve didn’t know, but she chose that moment to lick her lips.
Steve looked down at Tony’s sleeping form. “I’m lucky to have him.”
“No!” Tony roared. “I need you to
down somewhere around 500. He vaguely heard –felt, smelled – commotion at his bedside, but
They moved quietly through the woods, following on Riverstone’s heels as he wove confidently between tree trunks and navigated around protruding roots with the surety of a predator in his own territory. Steve kept one ear tilted toward Tony. He was able to track the cat only because Tony’s armor made the softest of noises as the metal plates whispered across each other. Otherwise, he was nearly invisible in the darkness.
“So how does this go down?” Tony asked while Steve just stared up at him. “Should I suck you off?” At Steve’s scandalized expression, Tony laughed. “No? I’ve always thought that I could probably hold you down in the suit. Should we try that instead?”
, Steve groused.
Tony’s eyes jerked over to him, shocked out of his spiraling panic. “Seriously?” he asked.
She opened her eyes, saw him crouched at the opening of the bag, and crept forward, crying wordlessly. Tony licked her face while she continued to squeak out tiny cries, and then nudged the bag back so he could clean her ears and neck. She quieted gradually, moving closer to him in tiny steps until she curled under his chin. Tony kept bathing her until she stopped shaking despite the acrid taste of urine on her fur.
Tony’s laughter calmed down to snorts and convulsions. He shifted his weight with the notion of putting his back to the pillar, but his abs and ribs all screamed that staying on the floor was a better idea. He decided to listen. “You know…not that I think hell is real, but who am I to say, given the situation at hand? Still, I had always thought that physical torture would be too mundane for a realm actually dedicated to punishment, so what’s it gonna be? Tell me I’m not really Antonio Stark? Drudge up my old nightmare of the mental institution? Is Greg waiting in the wings to step in? I think I’d
A tickle across his nose pulled him out of sleep. Tony was warm and comfortable, and sensed no immediate danger nearby. Without opening his eyes, he rolled into the soft warmth against his back. His paws reached out instinctively to press into piles of plush fur. He started to knead, and found the movement immediately and intensely pleasurable. Warmth settled in his chest, and then worked slowly up his throat. A deep, rumbling purr spilled out in its wake, and he shifted around so he could press the toes of his back feet into warmth as well.
Tony looked up at the captain, afraid to realize that he’d been hearing things again. “Oh?” he ventured cautiously.
“Are you ducking out on us, Tony? The party’s back the other way.”
If he had two legs, he would have stomped off to break a heavy bag or two until he felt calmer. Since he had neither two legs, nor any handy heavy bags, he put his nose to the ground and explored the forest floor in the immediate area. It was hard to concentrate on all the scents with one ear twitched in Tony’s direction, but the strange new smells were slowly calming him down. He had a good sense of a smell as a human, at least he’d had a good sense of smell ever since the serum, but he’d had no idea that there were so many different scents in the world. Just ghosting his nose over a patch of disturbed dirt gave him an impression of all the animals that had passed over it since the last rain. At least two snakes, several squirrels, a powdery scent that was some kind of bird, and a musty smell of growing mushrooms.
“Practice makes perfect, Cap,” Tony quipped in reply, too cheerful for someone about to die.
Steve had just enough room to yank his belt off. It slid out of the loops with a ripping
“I wanted to talk to you about my operational support team,” Steve said after a moment of staring. His voice was gruff, the words clipped and bitten off, the way they always seemed to be when he talked to Tony lately.
Waking up in a strange body wasn’t exactly unfamiliar to him. It had taken him months after Project Rebirth to not wake up in a panic of frantically patting hands to make sure his new body hadn’t been a dream, and it had taken months and months more to get a handle on where his limbs were going to be at any given moment. Waking up as Not Human was something he’d had more than one nightmare about over the years. Despite all of that, it had taken only a few hours to go from the absolute horror of waking up in a four-legged creature’s body, to having some trouble conceptualizing walking on two feet. Licking Tony’s face had seemed natural, as natural as curling up next to him for warmth, and he was having increasing trouble stopping himself from sniffing Tony’s ass just to make sure he was healthy.
Tony quirked an eyebrow at him, but found himself petting Steve comfortingly, hands running up and down his thighs. The pressure of Steve’s grip on his sides was starting to hurt, but it was nothing he hadn’t dealt with before. He let Steve come down from what sounded like a truly fantastic experience, regretting turning out the lights. Steve’s breath finally calmed down to soft gasps, and his grip relaxed enough for Tony to feel like he could breathe steadily again. Tony was ready to slip out of him, but Steve shifted down, adjusted the position of his legs, and to Tony’s everlasting wonder, reached down and took himself in hand. In a few strokes, he was encouraging Tony to move again.
When Tony looked back up, the captain had his binoculars up again, legs spread and rocking with the motion of the boat so perfectly that he could have been fused to it. Tony shook his head, asked himself again what had possessed him to think that an arctic sea voyage was a good idea, and shouldered the door open. A heave of the boat on the waves nearly tumbled him down the short set of stairs, but he managed to catch onto the door and ended up being flung into the wall instead. He shoved the door against the wind, sealed it shut and sagged back to rest his weight on the bulkhead with his eyes closed. He was sweating again, and still freezing cold even in the comparatively toasty interior of the vessel.
“Mr. Stark,” Jarvis repeated from somewhere in the vicinity of the ceiling. Speakers, Tony thought, an intercom system (except that Jarvis was dead and this was JARVIS, who was not speaking through a computer, he
“Just the snow,” Tony gasped out. “It’s just the glare of the sun on the snow.”
“It’s only been two days,” Steve said stubbornly, “And it isn’t a natural coma.”
Steve grunted. He couldn’t, but he had a feeling it had something to do with his colors being ‘odd.’ They lay together in companionable silence for a while as the babies were all sorted out, and villagers started back down the road, eager to get the children to safe homes and full bellies. Walker, apparently reassured that all was well, gave Steve a regal bow of her head, and trotted off into the woods.
“I just thought it would be enough,” Tony confessed to his hands after a moment of awful silence filled with nothing but the sound of them breathing and the
They were both so startled that they just stared at each other for several seconds.
Steve barked at him again, wiggling forward on his belly to snap at Tony’s paws. Tony bounded back. His entire body trembled with the desire to run, but he made himself stay. Up close, he could see Steve’s problem. Like Tony’s suit, Steve’s uniform had come along with him, but Tony’s suit was designed with interlocking plates, and that design had apparently carried over. Steve’s uniform was still made of cloth, and apparently the size and general shape had just changed to his suit his canine form. The pants probably would have been fine if he were walking upright on his hind legs. Down on all fours, the cloth was bunching up in his hips to prevent him from standing on all fours. Based on the bulge in the back, Tony guess that his tail was also trapped in the fabric. He noted curiously that shield was attached to the magnetic harness and wondered how Steve had gotten it there.
Tony’s hands clenched into fists. “I don’t have you. You’re a corpse somewhere in the Arctic Ocean, or the Bering Sea, or stuffed and mounted on some Nazis’ wall!”
And in typical Stark fashion, Tony was turning his strange dream into a living obsession, out on the high seas just like the old man, searching for a corpse. Tony had no idea what he expected to find, or what he thought would happen once he did. So maybe he found
In the Technology Era, Tony did not understand why he spent 70% of his time doing paperwork, on paper, with a pen. He dropped the pen, and picked up his coffee. The coffee was cold and sour, just like it had been the last time he’d tried to drink it, and the time before that, and the time before that. He had a brief urge to throw the coffee mug out the window, but he took a slow breath and set it down instead. The chair squeaked as he dropped backwards, and he rubbed at his face with both hands.
A ripple went through Steve’s body, legs and arms moving restlessly. He moaned, arched his back, pushed down harder on Tony’s fingers. “I - … yes.”
Tony demanded, easing out to Steve’s left to get a clear line of sight.
have spent the run thinking of a plan. He shouldn’t have done any running at all. He shouldn’t have stubbornly stayed on the wrong side of that portal for so long, sure that someone or something was trying to achieve exactly that, and not wanting to be off-footed.
Tony said, sagging against Steve’s warm neck. He really wanted to go home.
“Sorry,” Steve breathed after a moment. “You just seemed like you could use one.”
Riverstones said in obvious shock.
he said as he passed Tony at a leisurely walk.
“Whatever happened to cutting the wire?” Steve asked gently from his side as they watched Iron Man disappear against the madness-inducing darkness of the portal. In the air, Rhodey was weaving drunkenly and turning shaky loops as he fought the auto-land protocol, and Captain America had his hands and jaw clenched equally tight.
, he didn’t need to keep his identity a secret. He could take off the armor (it was so heavy) and sit down, or stand at the bar, or watch Bruce slowly realize that Natasha was trying to flirt with him (No, she and Clint were together, she’d turned double agent for SHIELD against the Soviets – No, the Soviet Union didn’t exist, she was his PA – no, she was Fury’s right hand – no, Fury was dead – no, he’d faked his death. Bruce had Betty – no, Veronica.
The brittle politeness was tiring. Tony stifled an annoyed sigh and nodded. Steve pulled one of the chairs away from the desk, and lowered himself into it. Not a comfortable sprawl like he might have done Before, and not the stiff-backed-perched-on-the-edge posture that he took when he was really angry, but an aggressive forward lean. Tony leaned back automatically, caught himself, and then planted his forearms on the desk and leaned forward. He tried to look more alert, to look less like his stomach was wringing out like a wet towel, to not see the friend he used to have in the man staring him down.
He looked up to see Steve examining him. He had his hands on his hips, his head tipped to the left, eyes narrowed. Abruptly, he asked, “Why don’t you ever fall asleep on me?”
. Tony snapped his mouth shut on the last words. It wasn’t hard with Steve’s anger gathering visibly on his face. He knew, intellectually, that things had changed between them, and that Steve couldn’t forgive him, but Tony’s memory couldn’t connect the pieces. It felt like he’d gone to sleep with a best friend and a happy, if stressful life, and had woken up to a world in shambles. He’d never been so lonely in his life.
There was another whine from the clearing that sounded almost more frustrated than pained. Tony’s ears flattened to his head, and he did his best to make himself very small in the grass.
. More pet names for people he didn’t know, except he
Tony jumped, ready to remind Jarvis that he didn’t like people sneaking up on him while he was sleeping, but the room was empty when he rolled over.
Steve hesitated, as if unsure that even this monster deserved that kind of death, but when the rats rushed forward in one mass, he pushed away from Redskull’s body and bounded into the safety of the tunnel. The tunnel closed behind them, preventing any stray rats from following, but none of them seemed at all interested in the kittens, or their rescuers.
“I can help you with that if you promise not to eat me,” Tony tried.
“Where’s St-… Captain America? Where is he?” Tony asked, more than half dreading being told that it was all a dream, that he’d missed the expedition and they hadn’t found anything anyways.
. Next to it, another door stood next to it, innocuous medium-gold plywood installed in every hospital ever built.
as far away from that Hydra base as quickly as he could, but more and more of the babies were laying down in heaps and letting the tunnel push them along.
“I’m allowed a few liberties,” Tony assured him. He gestured around to what might or might not be hell’s waiting room. “Considering the circumstances.”
She laughed. “Not far,” she assured him, but she moved at a deliberate, sedate pace.
“He loves you,” the Steve standing next to him noted, voice almost curious.
, and hopped down to the ground. He padded past Riverstones, who said nothing about their behavior, and then waited at the top of the bank for them to catch up.
“Look at you,” Tony rasped, surprised by the huskiness in his own voice. “You love this.”
Tony guided Steve’s hips into his lap, lined himself up by feel, and pressed into the welcome heat. Steve wrapped his legs around Tony’s back and pulled insistently, huffing out his breath in short, fast pants that sounded a whole heck of a lot like
“Steve. I’m tired.”
Tony didn’t have to be able to understand Ratlish to guess he was bellowing
“Open your eyes, man!” the captain shouted. “The sun isn’t even out!”
The woman stopped where Tony had woken up and crouched down to hold the wand about six inches off the concrete. She shuffled forward awkwardly, but Tony had to admire her core strength as she stayed upright while she moved.
“Seventy-two degrees my ass,” he muttered as he pushed back into his cabin for clean clothing.
Tony’s eyes flickered over to Steve, who still wasn’t looking at him. He sighed, grabbed a carton of pepper beef with broccoli, another of rice, and a pair of chopsticks. Steve didn’t tense up as Tony sat down next to him, but the space between them became suddenly charged. Tony wasn’t sure he could make it an hour, but he did. It was a game that he and Rhodey used to play at MIT, becoming more outlandish with each cheap beer they threw back. By the time the hour had passed and Clint had seamlessly switched Mystery Science Theatre 3000 for Scrubs, Tony had relaxed despite himself. It was the first decent meal he’d had in days, and the first time he’d been in the common area in more than a month.
Steve barked out something that was obviously not complimentary, paced a series of quick circles in the grass, and then sat down. He sulked, his ears turning outwards and going down, tail thumping hard against the ground.
Steve relaxed. He shifted so their bodies separated, but let his arms rest loosely around Tony’s waist. It was nice. Tony would have stayed there all day, but it wasn’t what they were there for, wasn’t what Steve came to him for, and Tony didn’t want to scare him away. He took one more breath and shifted to sit beside him.
Unable to help himself, Tony laughed. “Yeah,” he croaked. He was surprised the sounds came out at all.
In the darkness, Kilgrave moved around the table. His silk suit whispered as he walked, and Steve could smell his expensive cologne as he drew closer. It was a flowery, thick scent that clung to the back of Steve’s throat. He smiled at Steve, one hand extending slowly to broadcast his intent. Tony snarled and bucked in the chair, managing to shove the table an inch away from him. Steve gripped it and tried not to react when Kilgrave’s chilly fingertips set to his cheek, but he couldn’t help a shudder. His skin was disturbingly soft and tinted just slightly lavender under the yellow light. He dragged his fingers across Steve’s cheek to his ear, and then down the line of his neck to his shoulder, where he flattened his hand. Moving to stand directly behind Steve’s chair, he leaned forward slightly so his stomach pressed into the back of Steve’s head, jacket falling open to envelope Steve in his scent. He set his other hand down on Steve’s opposite shoulder, and Steve didn’t flinch again.
, making them both jump.
“How do you know what I deserve?” he asked helplessly. “How could you know anything?”
Angry and frustrated and tired and cold, Tony let his eyelids drift open. Steve leaned over him, haloed by the overhead lamp, looking just as tired and frustrated and cold as Tony felt. The skin under his eyes was darkened and lined with stress, his hair was a mess, but he was still smiling. He set a hand on Tony’s cheek. The ship had stopped moving and the room was empty but for them. Tony couldn’t help but notice how much Lab 2 looked like a morgue. He was on an examination table soaked with ice melt.
Natasha turned into the wind and used the gust to carry her over the smaller of the two pools. Tony automatically held out a hand for her to catch, and they both stumbled backwards several feet before Natasha planted her heels on Tony’s hip and launched upwards. Tony wouldn’t have heard her whoop of pleasure if he didn’t have filters working overtime to cancel out the wind noise.
Tony replied. Steve sensed that he’d meant to it to be sarcastic and cutting, but he was obviously too sleepy to put much effort into in it. Instead, he sounded blithely unconcerned, and so comfortable that Steve found himself inching closer to the rock, though what he planned to do when he got there was beyond him.
“Why would you prefer to stay on the ship, Tony?” Steve asked when Tony didn’t respond. “Why? Because you’re miserable, and cold all the time, and alone?”
Steve said, “
Riverstones said softly as they came to a natural bridge of accumulated logs and rocks that created a small trickle of a waterfall in the creek. He hopped nimbly up to the mossy log, jumped immediately to a large bolder, and then dropped into the creek and forded the last few lengths to the opposite shore.
“That sounds like the start of a dystopian science fiction novel,” Tony said.
“Anything interesting in there?” Bruce asked in a very carefully neutral voice.
While he had the downtime and the dogs were dozing, Tony started examining the armor for the catches. Just like with the helmet, he was worried that he wouldn’t be able to get the suit back on if he took it off, but he still wanted to know how to get out of it. In his own universe, he’d designed the suit to be a livable environment for days in case of an emergency, but he had no idea how this modified version of the suit worked, and he was going to need to relieve himself sooner rather than later.
A single lightbulb swung wildly above them, casting mad shadows along the floor and giving the nauseating impression of spinning. The muscles in Steve’s legs jumped and spasmed, twisting into tight knots, screaming at him to move, but his hips remained planted to the seat. Across a small table, Tony stared at him with wild eyes. His lips compressed into a tight line.
A scream echoed behind him, and Steve was moving before he’d even consciously registered the sound. He twisted with the shield up to protect his head and saw half a dozen of the curious onlookers scrambling away from the opposite sidewalk. Another puddle of blackness spread quickly away from the gutter and into the street. As Steve watched, the darkness swallowed up a mailbox. It fell as quickly and silently as the rock had earlier.
Tony growled low in his throat and darted forward to swipe at Steve’s face. The armor plates around his tail expanded outwards, and puffs of fluffy gray fur showed between the plates. Steve backed away from the snarling cat, lifting his muzzle up to keep it out of reach.
Tony fumbled a flashlight out of his pocket and swung it around the interior of the plane. Steve would have been in the pilot’s chair when he’d crashed. The impact would have thrown him forward. He could have been thrown out of the windows. He could be anywhere. Drifting under the water where only the submarines could find him, encased in a glacier and lost for another century or twenty.
, he suggested.
Steve mouthed at the back of his neck, not a kiss, and not a bite. “I’m sure you’re busy,” he said, pulling away. He made a soft sound of discomfort as he slipped free of Tony’s body, and trailed a hand appreciatively over Tony’s hip as he stepped back.
, Steve said. He was panting with the effort of the climb, but it didn’t affect his voice at all.
Steve repeated.
“I don’t know,” Tony mused. “Eighteen hours of sleep a day is pretty nice.”
“This is definitely the origin of the readings,” she said, and then stood up and walked right over to Tony. The soldiers around Steve moved immediately, clearing her out of their line of fire and rushing forward to make sure Tony didn’t get any ideas about doing something nefarious. Steve took two great steps forward so that he was crowded against her back, glaring down at Tony over her shoulder.
So it shouldn’t have been anything new when he realized that Steve didn’t like to cuddle. In Steve’s defense, they were just fucking – and it was usually I-am-so-angry-with-you-that-if-we-don’t-handle-it-this-way-I-will-punch-you-in-the-face fucking, so. But if Tony stayed quiet after they finished and let Steve catch his breath, there were a few moments that Steve would keep his arms around Tony’s chest, his breath on the back of Tony’s neck, his heart beating strong and wild against Tony’s spine. It was almost like cuddling.
“It’s important to team morale to have you around,” Steve explained. “We like to see you off the battlefield too, you know? It’s your tower. You should join us. Come back.”
“Now, Mr. Stark… Pull the trigger.” Tony’s body rang with tension but his hand held steady, removing the variable of a wild gun. Steve could
“I guess so,” Steve agreed. “Can you try, just a little harder, to listen to me in the field? I’m not going to expect you to respect me anywhere else, but just in the field, trust me to know what I’m doing. Help me make this team work.”
. His throat was on fire, and his face felt itchy. He coughed and blinked several times, trying to get Jarvis’ attention, but the HUD remained dark. None of his limbs seemed to be working correctly. He tried to get to his knees, but his arms felt suddenly too long, his feet were too small, and he couldn’t balance correctly.
sound.
“Doth mother know’th that thou wear’th her drapes?”)
, it was what
Steve finally took pity on his teammate and leaned down to pick Sunshine up. Without really knowing how he knew to do it, he got the puppy right away by the neck. Sunshine went obligingly limp in his grip, and Steve carried him back over to the beautiful mother dog. One of her puppies had pushed underneath her belly and was trying to get to a teat. Steve set Sunshine down, who promptly climbed over one of his brothers to muscle between his mom’s front legs. She bore up to their seeking noses gracefully.
Steve pointed out. Tony only hu-rruphed at him, taking the excuse of the brief pause to groom his face. The armor plates were obviously not ideal for the task, and his ears had flattened to his head within the second pass. Without putting much thought into it, Steve leaned over and licked a broad stripe across Tony much smaller head.
“I love you,” Tony gasped through the stickiness in his throat. Tears streamed messily down his face, leaving cold streaks on his hot cheeks. “I always have, I’m sorry. It wasn’t worth it.”
“What problem?” Tony asked, and then heard himself tack on
“Can’t guess what your vote is,” Tony muttered.
,” Tony promised in a scarily steady voice.
An alarm went off, and Tony whirled toward the source, automatically backing away from the slowly growing puddle of void at his feet. A burst of wind thundered down the street, screaming against the closely packed townhouses. He crossed his arms over his face on instinct, and felt his stabilizers flaring behind him as the wind smacked into him with sledgehammer force. Behind him, civilians screamed as the wind picked people up off their feet and threw them into the street.
Walker took a step back, huffed at them, and then let out a long sigh.
Steve cleared his throat and blushed, squirming uncomfortably on the bed, though Tony noticed his cock twitch with interest as he did. “Preparation is very important. Tony, I really don’t want to hurt you. You look like you’ve been through a cement tumbler full of rocks.”
Tony snagged him by the thighs and held him still. “Not so fast, sugarplum.”
“It’s important for team morale and cohesion, Tony,” Sam said. “Just stop being a baby and sit down. An hour and you can get out of here.”
He expected some kind of magic blast to fly out at him, but the rat just watched him, knobby hands held up like he was welcoming Tony in for a hug. He was kind a silly creature, a giant rat that stood on his back legs like a human, draped in odd bits of jewelry. The red was a nice color, Tony liked it.
Locking gazes with Tony, Steve breathed slowly through his mouth and made himself be calm, be stone. He’d faced down the Red Skull from his knees, he could manage this.
Steve didn’t respond. He started making little huffy noises like he was trying to talk, but couldn’t quite figure out what to do with the air he’d taken in. The door opened again, and six figures in combat gear flowed down the stairs and spread out to flank Steve in “V” pattern, training their weapons on Tony and not saying a word.
Tony said excitedly before Steve could give voice to the crazy suggestion.
“Maybe I should have let you tie me to a desk before the world went to shit,” Tony mused.
Tony said, interrupting Steve’s miserable spiral,
“What’s going?” Captain America demanded, “What’s happening? Talk to me!”
Laughter popped out of Tony’s mouth like a gunshot. Steve tensed. His head snapped up and he glared at Tony.
Riverstones broke in, sounding a bit annoyed at their banter while he was struggling to get up the incline.
Before Tony could say anything, Steve was pressing him to the ground with his greater weight, licking his head, and sniffing him all over.
“You do this on purpose,” Steve accused, holding Tony down with one big hand in the middle of his back. He yanked at Tony’s belt buckle and leaned down to bite at his shoulder. “You piss me off just for this.”
“Sorry,” Tony said. He flashed a winning smile at her. From her expression, he’d missed
Tony huffed out a puff of air, and then turned without another word and disappeared over the next rise in the road. Steve reluctantly got up off the ground to trot after him. His uniform top was compressing his fur, and rolling about in the dirt had just gotten it all out of place. He wanted to get out of the uniform top, but then he wouldn’t be able to carry the shield, and he was not leaving it in this strange world. He was also reluctant to part with the last tangible thing reminding him that he was human.
Tony pulled up a smile from somewhere and said, “Can I please…?”
” Tony shouted.
The radio broadcast caught his attention again, and he realized that it wasn’t just déjà vu. The broadcast was familiar because he’d been at that game. Ignoring the girl and her stammering platitudes, he examined the room again – everything was fake, every bit of it staged. Over the thunder of his pulse and the aching absence of his soulbonds, he could hear other noises beyond the walls. They had the echoing quality of being in a very large space with very high ceilings. The walls were obviously thin – he could see where they’d been joined together like the plywood panels of a stage set.
Tony realized what was happening like a shock to the back of his neck. He felt his lips spreading in a grin, and considered that maybe all of the spy gear actually
“Shut up!” Steve interrupted in a suppressed scream that rasped across his throat.
As if he’d heard him, Steve looked up from his magazine, looked at Tony on the bed, and squeezed his hand. Tony felt the ghost of the pressure on his fingers and shivered. “
“Typical,” Tony said with a huff of a sigh.
“Cap, maybe you could get over that puddle of death and darkness?” Tony suggested. “I’d feel a lot better if you were on this side of it.”
Tony shuddered. “Just as long as they don’t have open sessions streaming live.”
. He watched her carefully as she smiled and let the door close, her faint resonance tone growing louder as she neared. She had a tone like no one he’d ever known. Something about it reminded him of Tesla coils and Howard’s strange devices. Her tone clashed so hard with his that it was actively repulsive. He found himself leaning away from her, and her smile faltered.
Gritting his teeth, Tony replied, “Bite me!” but his finger moved, slipped into the guard, and tugged.
Steve pursed his lips. “I’ll figure it out myself. Thanks for the help, Director.”
. What he managed was
the wolf said.
Taking a nap seemed like a better use of his time than just staring at dog butts while they frolicked in the dirt, but Tony forced himself to stay alert. He fiddled with the input/output controls until he could keep an ear on the air above, his nose out for any conniving rats, and his eyes on the dogs’ progress.
“What can I do for you, Captain – excuse me, Commander?”
Steve pointed out.
Steve smiled at him. His voice filled with gentle laughter. “You know I’m not really here, right?”
Steve knew that Tony was probably just running scans, but an uncomfortable tingle lodged in his spine and wouldn’t be moved, no matter how much he rolled his shoulders. He turned away from the unsettling darkness to greet the rest of his team as they unloaded from the Quinjet.
“It’s not my fur,” he told himself, “and I don’t get puffed up. I’m a person, not a cat. I don’t have fur. This is not a problem with my design. It’s just… like a Halloween costume. I’m going to take it off at the end of the night, and never remember to pick it from the dry cleaners ever again.”
Cutting through the background noise of the plant life took some negotiating with his new suit, but he finally got the sense of an empty place behind the rock. It was marginally warmer than the surrounding stone, and came close to the surface. Tony dismissed the enhanced vision and sat down to stare at the cliff. Close to the surface was somewhat relative. There were still several feet of solid rock between them and the potential entrance to the cave system.
They would find Captain America, and Tony’s dreams would be banished along with the madness. Shivering violently, he reached up and turned the lever over to
“Dogs,” he groused as he got the last of his tail back in order, and then took off after them. They were not in sight, but he could hear them yammering at each other through the trees. Ears alert for any other sounds, Tony hopped along the sprawling root system of a massive purplish tree, and then leapt nimbly over a shallow, dry creek bed.
Steve countered, showing Tony his teeth.
, and he wanted to burn his office down and walk away forever. He’d turned off the overhead lights hours before, and his desk was a glowing island in the middle of the darkened office. Compared to his office at SI, it was close, and cluttered, and outdated. He stared into the gloom and massaged at his neck with his fingertips. The muscles on either side of his neck were ropes of tension, and the pressure of his fingertips was simultaneously agonizing and nearly orgasmic. He groaned, and pulled gently on the back of his head to stretch his neck.
Steve offered uncertainly.
He cocked his head as if listening, and then nodded. “Captured, taken back to Asgard. Escaped three days later. The usual.”
, Steve groused in reply.
Stopping, the wolf turned to look at him. She tilted her head, and then tried the name out. “Stee-b. How odd. My name is Gray Walker of Dusk Woods. You may call me Walker.”
Steve didn’t think that dogs could blush, but ducking his head low so his jaw rested on his chest produced the same uncomfortable feeling in his stomach. He resisted the sudden urge to whine.
Tony asked, moving out from between Steve’s feet, and turning around to look at him.
“Stop the engines, Iron Man!” an unfamiliar-but-familiar voice shouted. “There’s something out there!”
Tony turned to see the dog glowing green once again. He leaned down to pick the kitten up and trotted out of the way. The dog let out a series of three booming barks that echoed off the tall ceiling and made Tony’s ears hurt. Green glow raced forward to pry the latches out of their housings, and then slid into the cages.
The Rat King let out a deep boom that needed no translation –
Steve kept saying somewhere in his head.
“We’re going to drop a submersible mid-day and start a spiral while they’re checking the glaciers,” the captain explained. It was obvious from his tone that he didn’t like explaining anything to Tony, but he was aware of who signed his paychecks and resented the obligation even more for it. “You should go down below with Dr. Banner in the echo lab.”
Most of it landed all over Thor, who just started eating the pieces out of his lap with a good-natured smile. He brandished the hammer suddenly at the television. “Have a care, maiden!” he shouted, startling Sam out of a light doze and making Clint burst into laughter.
“Probably?” Tony ventured.
Abruptly, the wiry hair of the rat dissolved. The tough skin seemed to melt under Tony’s tongue. Before he could process what was happening, a pair of hands (hands, not rat claws) reached up to grab him by in a crushing grip. He felt the armor plates compressing around his ribs while the other hand fought under Tony’s suit to get to his scruff.
“Steve, it’s me!” Tony tried to say, which just came out in a string of high pitched cat noises.
“Can’t have your paycheck falling overboard?” Tony tried to joke as the captain firmly sealed Tony’s hand to the rail, holding it there until he felt Tony grip it.
Tony turned back around. The door back to the ship was still open. The sign above it read
“Come back to us. We’re all waiting. Steve’s waiting. If you can’t come back for me, you can come back for him.”
A moment passed in strained silence, and then a woman with a lab coat over her bullet-proof vest came into the room. She had a laptop curled in one arm, and was holding a wand out that was connected to the laptop by a curling cord. She didn’t look at Tony, but walked around the room, waving the wand slowly in front of her. Steve kept his eyes on Tony like a particularly ill-tempered bird of prey – Tony almost opened his mouth to call Steve a fluffy bald eagle of Freedom and Justice and The American Way, but ended up just laughing to himself instead.
Holding onto Steve’s thighs for leverage and leaning back into the cradle of the calves locked tightly around him, Tony gave an experimental upwards thrust that made Steve shout. The bedsprings creaked loudly. Tony grinned, hoped someone important was in the next room (maybe even his counterpart, though that was unlikely), and set up a fast rhythm that he knew would get him off quickly.
His head was empty. There was no note of Bucky’s steady thrum, or Peggy’s heavy drumbeat, none of the Commandos’ cacophony of tones. His bonds were all achingly, terrifyingly quiet.
“I will be swift,” Thor promised.
He reached out almost unwillingly and flipped the lever off. Cool air rushed in the moment the water turned off, and his skin pebbled up instantly. Slapping one arm across his chest, he snaked the other out of the shower and snagged his towel off the hook. As soon as he got home, he was installing heated floors – hell maybe heated walls, and heated toilet seats while he was at it – in every bathroom he owned. Theoretically, it was 72 degrees in the berths.
He heard a rustle of dry leaves and clanking metal as Steve rolled onto his feet.
Hands tightening on Tony’s side, Steve warned, “This isn’t just going to just fix things.”
“Tony!” he barked again, a knot of worry tightening in his insides. What if he’d scared Tony off? What if Tony had wandered off and gotten eaten by something while Steve had been obliviously chasing small woodland creatures?
Tony screamed into the wind. He pushed away from the captain, hard enough to send the bigger man stumbling back in the snow. Before the captain could recover, Tony hurried off as fast the snowshoes would allow. There was a hill on the horizon, somehow familiar, not quite natural. It was Steve, it had to be. Tony needed it to be Steve, needed the madness to stop.
“Right,” Tony said, and then decided, “Maybe I’ll go below deck.”
Kilgrave’s power pouring into Tony like the hum of a distance bass guitar. His feet tingled. He blinked twice. Tony’s eyes met his and Steve could see the terrible trust there, knew what he was asking Tony, and the price Tony would pay if they failed. Tony’s finger tightened, and Steve summoned up every ounce of rage he had in him. Kilgrave was just another bully, someone throwing around their weight because they could, and Steve
Chewing on tactical webbing was strangely pleasant, and Tony got lost for a few seconds with just gnawing on it before Steve’s complaints reminded him that he was supposed to be doing something with it. Climbing onto Steve’s belly, he managed to get the belt buckle open, and then grabbed it in his mouth and pulled backwards while Steve rolled over until it came free. Getting the button undone was decidedly more difficult, and Tony’s jaw hurt by the time he was wrenching the zipper open.
Shouting wordlessly, Tony launched into the air. He landed more-or-less on the wolf’s back, just barely aware of his claws extending through his armor to dig into her thick fur. He scrabbled at her ribs with his back claws for purchase and bit into the back of her neck. Her fur was coarse and like biting into a high pile carpet.
“Make me,” Tony repeated.
“Give it to him, War Machine,” Steve said finally. Rhodey looked at him sharply, eyes narrowed in calculation. Steve wasn’t really in the best condition to be giving orders and Rhodey knew it. “Iron Man is right, we need the air support. The sooner we get Kilgrave away from people, the better. We don’t have time to argue. Iron Man, scout ahead and keep an eye on the roads. I’m assuming SHIELD has a holding facility set up?”
“Are you sure? They’re so strange, and ugly. They smell weird.” He gagged.
of the respirator. A shiver ran up his spine, following a flush of warmth from his toes to his neck. He put a hand over his chest, the flat place where the reactor used to be. The pressure of Steve’s fingers around his hand stayed firm and constant.
“You don’t say,” Steve muttered, trying and failing to pull his eyes away from the hypnotic darkness.
Tony stayed up on top of the hill to watch the two wolves. They shared some sort of silent exchange in flicking ears and tilting heads. After a moment, they started making noise at each other, and then Walker leaned forward and sniffed at Steve’s muzzle. Steve went still for a moment before tilting his head to sniff at her as well. They both pulled back at the same time.
“Please go.”
The air seemed to sing and the world took on a strange, almost liquid quality. It happened faster than an eye could blink, but to Steve it seemed like minutes, hours. His muscles responded like they were fighting against steel bindings, but he’d bent steel before. He tossed all of his weight against the leg of the table, jerking sideways as he did.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed. He watched Steve walk away and stayed on the couch well past the point that the leather started getting gross.
he was a cat. He tried to laugh, but it came out as a pleasant chuffing sound that tickled his nose.
Tony woke in a bed that was at least twice as wide as he was – which was an obvious lie since his bunk onboard the ship was barely wide enough for him to lay on his back, and he’d rolled out of it more than once. He stretched his hands out looking for the wall, but he found only mattress and smooth sheets as far as he could reach on either side.
The water rocked him to sleep, and he dreamed of Captain America in Tony’s mansion home. Tony saw the mansion through the eyeslits of a helmet, with Steve ahead of him on the stairs. They moved together through the house, and Tony had the strangest feeling that they were having a conversation he couldn’t quite hear. It seemed like his ears weren’t working exactly right.
“Oh,” Steve breathed as they both came down. “Oh, that was nice.”
Finally, Moonlight’s mate stepped gingerly over his puppies and walked the few steps to stand opposite Steve. Steve was the larger by a good margin, but the other dog had a look about him that made Steve wary all the same. He had a wide face, and smooth fur mottled chocolate and russet brown. He gave Steve a careful once over, and then leaned forward to sniff at him. Steve was caught between pulling away from the treatment, and leaning forward to do the same. Off to his side, Tony readied himself for a fight.
Steve’s eyes slid shut. He shuddered, swallowed hard, and nodded. After a moment, he nodded again. “I missed you. I’ve missed you a lot.”
Steve laughed at him. “You’re putting a lot of effort into making yourself believe that,” he observed. His voice was gentle, softly chiding.
Tony shoved himself up to his feet (he wasn’t paralyzed, not by Obadiah (what the fuck?) or the suit damaging his nervous system) and stumbled into the head like he was drunk (No, he’d been sober for a decade – no, he’d just been drinking the night before, he’d woken up hung over, hadn’t he?). He didn’t even recognize his own face in the mirror and smashed a fist against it, but it wasn’t actually glass and all it did was hurt his hand. He cursed, tripped over the toilet, bashed his elbow against the shower stall, and finally managed to get himself under the showerhead.
“Let him in.” Tony stepped out of the suit as Steve walked in. He looked like he’d just come from the gym shower, that sort of clean-damp that looked so good on him.
Walker laughed in a short huff of breath, but didn’t elaborate except to repeat,
He trotted off around a tree and lifted his back leg without concern for being watched.
Tony complained.
Steve summoned up a smile for Thor, but the quinjet
Tony chastised himself. He flung out one paw to throw a repulsor blast at the retreating rat, which just barely missed, and then activated the jets. A flash of green light shot past him, but Tony didn’t have the time to investigate. The rat tumbled over itself as it took a corner too fast, nails scraping and skidding over the rock. Tony followed, using the opposite wall as a springboard.
He called, just as the rat let out an alarmed noise and squealed.
After suckling their fill, the pups had curled up in heaps with their bellies distended and muzzles moist with milk. Moonlight had joined them at the table, wolfing down the largest helping of meat while the rest of them finished up. She’d gone back to her puppies immediately after. Tony and the tom didn’t speak. The tom had snuffled at him for a few seconds, Tony sniffed him back, and then they went their separate ways. It had been one of the most civilized and productive conversations Tony had ever had. He could get use to the cat thing.
They seemed to fight even more since they’d started solving their problems through mutually beneficial orgasms.
Steve asked smoothly, managing to phrase the question like he was
He opened his eyes and Steve was gone, the corridor was as bright as any other, and he was just outside the door to the lab. There were people crowded around the room in white jackets over thick sweaters, blue nitrile gloves, and hairnets, and safety goggles. Tony pushed through them, and they moved without complaint, silent as ghosts. The first glimpse of Steve on the table was almost enough to make him cry. He was soaking wet, water dripping off the table to patter on the floor.
“Idiot,” Steve said fondly, “I’m a construct of
Tony reeled and the ship seemed to drop out from under his feet. When he landed, the deck of the ship had vanished and he was in some kind of science fiction lab. The displays around him where soft blue and floating in the air, a design for an Iron Man suit, but far more advanced than the one he saw in his dream-mirror. There was a man at one of the workstations on the opposite side of the room with rumpled clothes and mussed hair, and glasses sitting crooked on the bridge of his nose. He was staring at a magnified cell displayed on a transparent screen, one hand carefully adjusting a dial on a microscope and the other pushing his glasses up his nose every few seconds.
Tony had been poked and prodded to within an inch of his life before finally being showed to a simple guest room. The last occupant had kindly stashed half a bottle of cinnamon whiskey under the sink, and apparently it hadn’t been found by anyone else in a long time. The bottle was so caked in dust that Tony had to run it under the faucet to clearly see the label. He took a plastic cup out of the cupboard, toasted the one ‘hidden’ camera that was out more-or-less in the open, and then another that had been concealed in a potted plant. He downed a generous gulp, shuddered through the burn, and set about dismantling the room.
“I want you to remember!” Steve shouted.
he said, and then looked back over his shoulder at Steve. Playfully, he added,
“Again.”
“Morning!”
The left gauntlet arrived and Tony nodded once. He turned to face the rest of the suit as at came in more-or-less in one piece. The right gauntlet folded around him, and Tony lifted himself off the ground enough for the boots to fit to his feet. The rest of the suit encased him in a smooth movement and he hovered over the street for a slow three count before firing up into the clouds. Without a word, Rhodey snapped the faceplate down and followed.
“Mmmhm,” Tony murmured without looking at him. He pulled up a schematic and made doodles on it so he looked busy. Steve lingered at the door for a moment, and then was gone. Tony let the stylus drop. He pushed the schematic away without saving any of the doodles, and made his way to the bathroom to clean up. It was fine, really.
Steve shuddered and closed his eyes.  His head dropped back against the headrest, and he pressed his hips forward, turning his face away from Tony. That was fine. He looked more like the right Steve in profile anyway. Tony pulled back enough to work him out of the rest of the suit. Steve held onto the headboard and rolled his hips by way of helping. Tony watched the way he moved, and tried to imagine Steve sliding out of the suit like that every night, brushing his hands down his body as he pushed the fabric out of the way. Maybe Tony would ask for a show sometime. He considered leaving Steve’s boots, and letting the tight fabric act as shackles, but it might get as much in his way as Steve’s. He threw the whole mess of the uniform over the side of the bed and bit his way back up Steve’s body.
Riverstones orders.
Tony pressed his thumb against the inseam of Steve’s pants and traced it upwards. Steve tumbled backwards, landing flat on his ass with a muffled
How could he still be standing? He looked down at his hands. They were just like he remembered them, smooth and strong, free from even the faintest of scars.
“Welcome home,” he said.
It took a moment for the words to penetrate. Tony let the tension out of his muscles, easing down to the ground. He pressed his ears back and looked over his shoulder to glare at Steve.
Tony argued.
He shook his head to dispel the fog filling up his skull, and ended up unbalancing himself straight back to the ground. Feeling woozy and more than a little annoyed, he clawed at the faceplate. The helmet folded back into the cowl, and he felt better almost immediately. He hadn’t even noticed how much pressure the helmet had been putting on his skull until it was gone. A sneeze caught him by surprise and set his head to pounding.
They stayed several more days to help get the kittens sorted out. Tony turned out to be an effective fisherman, while Steve just enjoyed splashing around in the water and scaring all the trout. Every time Tony got wet and hissed at him, Steve splashed him some more just for the hell of it.
“Why are you looking for Captain America?” Steve asked curiously.
He heard Steve’s startled inhale and amended the thought to maybe for someone like
“Fuck you and your
By the time he’d made it around the bush, Steve and the wolf were rolling in the dry leaves. They snarled at each other viciously while they tussled. The big wolf was on top of Steve, her front paws on his chest while he pushed up at her neck. She craned down like she meant to bite into his throat.
hit Steve before he’d even opened his eyes, but he wasn’t sure why. He breathed slowly and tried to work it out, but there were a lot of things that were immediately – though subtly – off. He was in a hospital bed. Easy enough to recognize from all the time he’d spent there as a kid, but the bed was long enough for him to be stretched out completely flat. He hadn’t been able to lay flat in a bed without his feet hanging off the end since before the serum.
“Iron Man, War Machine, stand down!” he commanded. There was no answer. His lips thinned into a worried-angry-frightened line. “Tony, there is another way. Come back.”
Thor’s brows furrowed deeply over the bridge of his nose, and he crouched down to peer into it. “My brother might be able to guess the origin of this, but it is far beyond me. I only took portaling as an elective for a season, and I was never good at it,” he said, standing back up. Getting lost in his own thoughts, he crossed his arms over his chest and frowned into the darkness. “It is deeply troubling.”
“Yeah,” Tony answered. He might be already be asleep and dreaming, but just in case… “Yes, we can do. That.”
Riverstones started barking. He danced around Steve and the prone human trying to stave off Death’s snapping jaws. Tony fought to his feet, realizing that the dog – wizard dog? Canizard? Wizog? – was trying to get Steve to stop. Behind the great throne chair, the kittens were crying in piteous horror.
He remembered falling to his knees in the sand and Rhodey’s arms closing over his shoulders, and being so
Tipping his head to one side, Steve said, “Now you’re dying.”
Steve said nothing for a long moment, still playing with the plastic cup and it’s lingering few drops of golden-red whiskey. Tony wondered what
Tony set his head in the comfortable hollow of Steve’s shoulder and was asleep in minutes.
. Jarvis had rearranged his entire schedule to accommodate it. Tony stood in the entryway of the commons room and glared down at the cluster of couches and cushions surrounding the TV. Chinese takeout boxes were spread out over the coffee table and the kitchen counter. There was a plate of fresh-baked cookies on the end table. Bowls of popcorn were on the floor in strategic places. His team was stuffed into couches and chairs, Clint was spread out on the floor with Natasha. The only seat left available was the loveseat. With Steve. They were all staring at him. Except Steve.
Tony tried to rub at his face, but nothing seemed to be in the right place. Instead of rubbing his right eye, he hit his nose, leaving a stinging scratch. He hissed at the sudden pain, and then froze. The sound hadn’t been a sharp exhalation of breath, it had been a
Questioning his own perception of reality was probably a good way to make himself go crazy, so he would just need to accept that he was a cat, on an alien planet that had two moons, and find Steve so they could figure out a way to get home. As soon as he did get home, he was going to open up Loki’s stomach and eat his entrails.
“Tony?” he called, which came out
“You’ve pulled through worse, Tony,” Rhodey said. His voice was too soft for Tony to hear over the shriek of the wind, but he heard it as if they were alone in a silent room. “You can do this.”
, and Steve called him
Tony leaned into his shoulders, and together they shuffled out of the lab and back into the corridor. They passed the captain at the juncture that would lead back to his cabin. The man had his arms crossed over his chest and he stared Tony down as they came to a slow stop in front of him. Tony peered around the captain’s bulky form, and then back up the sign. MEDBAY.
Not convinced, the captain helped him to his feet. “Get below decks,” he suggested, “It’s slick up here.”
” Tony snarled back before he could stop himself.
Steve shifted his weight between his front paws and tossed his head.
“What do you mean?” he asked as he fished a shoe out from under his workshop stool. U helpfully offered him a sock. Tony threw it at Steve.
“Me? How am I supposed to take ‘I want you to remember’ seriously, Steve? Do you even hear yourself? I know what I did! I might not remember it, but I know. Did you really think that I wouldn’t do the research? Study every scrap of information I could get my hands on? I
Steve came after him, nose so close to the ground that he had to be inhaling about as much dirt as oxygen. After a moment of watching their antics, Riverstones joined them. They must have looked ridiculous – a cat pounding on solid rock while a pair of canines sniffed around his feet. Tony tried the repulsors on the stone and ended up flinging himself back several feet. He hissed at the rock automatically, but before he could decide on his next course of action, Steve let out an excited whine and started digging at the base of the cliff.
“I don’t. It’s not my fault that I. I can’t help if it I slip sideways when I’m asleep. It’s not.” Tony’s breath came in fast little pants and his stomach twisted. “I don’t mean to. Sorry?”
He shucked off his sweaty long underwear and stepped under the spray as soon as it was warm enough not to give him frostbite. The first touch of the warm water made him convulse with shudders, and he danced in a quick circle around the chilly tile. Fog rose up against the glass door to obscure the rest of the head, and for a second Tony could believe that he was back in his dream, showering after a battle. For some reason, even looking at Steve –
Steve twisted, saw him coming, and snarled. Tony slammed all four paws down and hopped awkwardly sideways as the snarl turned into a growl, and that turned into a deafening bark. Steve struggled again to stand, but ended up in a heap in the grass. He growled non-stop, showing his teeth in a display that made Tony’s fur stand on end and his guts get a bit wobbly.
At his desk, Bruce sighed and reached under his glasses to rub at the inside corners of his eyes. “Were you doing that thing where you nod and make appropriate noises while you ignore me when I explained this last week?” he asked tiredly.
Tony said,
He barked, which finally got Tony out of his shocked indecision. He gently pushed the puppy away. When Sunshine tried to tackle him again, he put a single paw on the pup’s head.
“What is this?” he demanded. When no one responded, he whirled around. The room spun and he fell back against the table, knocking the light askew. It swung wildly flickering yellow-dark-yellow-dark. He closed his eyes against the swell of dizzying nausea, and felt a sudden impact of cold metal on his shoulders. The ship continued to toss and roll, and Tony reached out to grab onto any solid surface.
“If you give me a second to get out of my ridiculous catsuit, I’d be happy to return the favor.”
The faceplate popped open and Tony’s lips moved, but Steve couldn’t hear a word. He tried to make himself a smaller package, sinking against Tony’s chest. He pulled the shield in tight, and Tony snapped the faceplate down. Steve felt a brief upward movement, and then a twist in the wind sent them into a tumbling spiral. Steve was torn out of Tony’s fingers, and dropped downward like he’d been caught in a vacuum.
The captain nodded his grizzled head. “Out on the ice. We’ll take a submersible out tomorrow if you want to go.”
Steve had suggested that he wait in one of the anonymous examination rooms, but Tony wasn’t about to be abandoned to the tender mercies of S.H.I.E.L.D agents while Steve was most definitely debriefing his alternate self about Tony’s presence. He slipped the security placed on his room and made his way through the labyrinth of hallways until he turned a corner to see Steve escorting…well,
Tony had always been a fan of sushi, but that had been heavenly.
So when he actually woke up some indeterminate time later, the first thing that popped into his head was, “
Was he that much of an asshole that he really hadn’t noticed anyone else? No, one of Tony’s talents had always been in recognizing people, remembering names. He knew the names of most his employees at Stark Industries – Stark International – Stark… Jesus Christ, he couldn’t even remember the name of his own company. He made a desperate, trapped animal noise, and finally managed to struggle out of his sleeping bag, worming across the floor, and his legs suddenly didn’t work right, he needed the reactor in the workshop (Reactor?).
Palpable relief ran through the crowd. Moonlight’s mate relaxed immediately. He sat back on his haunches and let his tongue lull out of his mouth. Sunlight hopped over to get in between his front legs and stared up at Steve with a kind of smug look, like he deserved credit for Steve and Tony’s presence in the village.
“STARK!” the captain shouted over the crash of the surf. “If you’re going to be sick, do it over the side!”
Tony lost his tenuous grip. He flew through the air, twisting over and over so he hit the ground on all fours, and then skidded another few feet through the dry brush. He ended up between Steve and the wolf, and crouched down to get his chest close to the dirt and his back paws under his belly. She might be able to swallow him in a bite and a half, but he’d at least take one of her eyes with him.
Tony shook his head and looked out the porthole again. A figure drifted slowly past the window, and Tony’s heart seized in his chest. Low on power? He thought, one gauntleted hand pressing to the chestplate. He’d grown accustomed to the strange idea that his heart needed a battery over weeks of weird dreams, but this felt different. For some reason he couldn’t quite pin down, he knew that the person floating by their underwater craft was Steve.
“Isn’t this exciting?” Kilgrave asked with a certain breathlessness to his voice that made Steve sick. He was enjoying the show, getting off on it. “People don’t get to take things from me for free, Mr. Stark. I hope you see that now.”
Tony tried not to stare into the darkness as Jarvis compiled data. There wasn’t much that scans could tell him except for everything they
It wasn’t until the day they were set to leave that Steve realized how much he was going to miss it when they were back to their two-legged bodies. He didn’t imagine that Tony was going to want to curl up with him back at the Tower, or help him clean his face in the morning, or knead at his chest while they were falling asleep. For one insane moment he considered telling Riverstones that they didn’t want to leave after all. They obviously weren’t the first humans to wind up in this universe, or Riverstones wouldn’t have even known what a Two-Legs was, and Redskull could have survived the rat attack. For all he knew, dozens of human villains could be lurking in this peaceful animal world, causing problems. They could stay.
Steve edged him mercilessly, brought him right up to the very tip of the precipice, and then reached up to pinch him hard enough to bring him crashing back down, only to build him quickly back up again. Tony begged silently, and then aloud, sobbing, and yanking against the hold of the belt. Steve would not be moved to cooperate, and Tony knew that he had enough stubbornness and stamina to outlast Tony’s sanity any day. Angry, he could have pulled Tony right through the apocalypse this way.
People didn’t have paws. Tony was a human and shouldn’t have paws. The skin all the way down his spine tingled, and his face itched, and his tail lashed out.
should have been buried under decades of snow and ice, but it was completely exposed, debris from the crash littered all around it, streaks of soot turning the blue ice black. Tony struggled out of his snowshoes and ignored the shouts of the crew coming after him. The plane was surprisingly intact. If it had just hit, Steve could have still been alive. Tony scrambled on the ice and broke through the crust to plunge waist-deep into the snow, feet from the plane.
Five seconds later, there was a sudden crush of pressure that made Rhodey falter and Steve stumble two steps into the surf, and then an explosion of white-gold light that swallowed up the sky. Tony held a hand over his ears and flinched away from the light. He felt a sense of vertigo, twisting, pitching, falling, and then a smack on his shoulders like hitting concrete, the suit breaking away and water rushing in.
Tony, apparently, did not.
Steve. He’d found him. After weeks (months? Years?) of searching, he’d found him. But it wasn’t… he couldn’t know who it was, didn’t know who it was, this was an accident. They hadn’t been searching for anyone except Mr. Speedo. He watched Hank seal himself into the airlock and heard the outer hatch open to pour freezing water in with him. Half of Hank’s body appeared in view of the porthole, far too large, maybe distorted by the water? Except Tony also knew that he could grow to nearly ten-feet in height, or shrink to the size of an insect (Physics didn’t work that way). He reached out of the porthole to grab the floating figure –
Tony plucked at the frayed remains of his suit. “Maybe you can let me get dressed, and we can take this back to my place? I’m sure we can find at least one crappy street food vendor on the way.” He tried to keep his tone right, but he was painfully aware of how cautious and vulnerable he sounded. His voice was still rough from begging his way to an orgasm, and he could already feel the bruises settling in at his wrists.
“Tony, can you please –” Steve stopped abruptly and stared at Tony in the bed. His
“You’re an engineer, aren’t you?” Steve asked with an incredulous snort. “Build one.”
Tony said after a second of awkward silence.
She didn’t seem to find it at all strange or distressing, so Steve let it go. At night, he slept on the heart with a rotating pile of puppies for company. Tony usually took the opportunity to wake him up at least twice in retaliation for his disturbed naps, but he normally settled down on top of Steve’s curled form by the middle of the night.
Muscles going tight, Tony waited until the rat was directly underneath him, and then pounced. He dropped into the thick carpet of dry leaves to the rat’s left, and took a swipe at him. The rat hissed in obvious surprise, dropped the bag, and ran. Tony’s claws dug into the dirt in an instinctive reaction to give chase, but a terrified cry from the bag brought him up short. He reseathed his claws, and moved over to investigate the bag.
“Where are you?” he called into the darkness. “Steve! Steve, please!”
“Which means your schedule is completely free now,” Natasha pointed out.
If they waited too much longer, they would probably be pulled into another celebratory meal, so Steve nodded. He sat down next to Tony, and they both watched as Riverstones closed his eyes and started to glow. The glow intensified all around him, and then expanded into a large circle.
. The glowing shield arched over them and clanged to the floor in a burst of light, still clutched in Steve’s grip. Tony’s hips and back and neck and entire existence protested, but he twisted around to follow, crawling in between Steve’s legs and up his body. The Steve he knew, the Steve he’d been quietly, sometimes resentfully, in love with would have punched him in the face by now. This Steve seemed softer somehow.
“I think I might have found the problem,” he said.
Tony said, almost surprising himself with the acid in his voice. He looked over to see both of the canines with almost identical expressions of bemusement on their faces, though Steve’s was accompanied by an eye roll that was both more exasperated, and somehow fond.
Steve shook his head violently to dispel the tingles. He looked around the clearing again, and found Tony lounging on the tumble of big boulders in the middle, his tail swishing lazily in the air.
. I’m pretty sure I would have lost at least my front two teeth if I’d even suggested it.”
Tony wondered how long the issues had been going on, and how badly they’d gotten that Steve felt the need to come to him. Steve had always taken the performance of his team personally. He’d always considered failings from a member of the team as a reflection on himself. Tony’s first instinct was to goad him into admitting that people made their own choices, bully him out of his bad mood, and then invite him out for some terrible street food. It took an almost physical effort to stop himself from smiling. He didn’t think Steve would appreciate his humor.
Tony drew in his breath slowly and let it out slowly so it wouldn’t sound like a sigh. “Yeah,” he answered, because
He was still in the suit, on his back on a concrete floor, staring up at a concrete ceiling that was crisscrossed by exposed pipes. Somewhere there was water dripping on the floor, and the air smelled like mildew. He lifted his head to see if there was anything nearby that he recognized, but it was just concrete and red emergency lights. He let his head thump back to the floor and felt a brief burst of pain at the back of his skull.
ed down his spine and wrapped around his body.
Steve grumbled.
“And this reality is so much better?” Tony demanded, gesturing sharply to the hospital bed. He wasn’t sure exactly which one of the Tony-Stark-is-Iron-Man universes it was, or when. The universe where he kept a guilty secret of his identity, and eventually drank away his company, his friendships, his identity, and put them back together again? Where he lied to people to protect them, and it always blew up in his face, but they stayed (and he did it again)? Was this after he’d lost the secret of his identity, but before his life had gone off the rails, before he’d lost and regained the use of his legs, lost and regained his friendship with Rhodey, lost JARVIS, lost Pepper, turned Happy into a monster?
Wouldn’t it be better to be none of those things? Start over, go through a normal life in a world where superheroes were only on paper.
the kangaroo said when he’d finished his story.
While they watched the reunion, other animals came out of their houses. Dozens of tiny baby mice spilled onto the street to swarm around the returning adults, cats hopped down from homes up the tree trunks, more dogs appeared through openings in the larger houses. To Steve’s astonishment, the last to join the party was a giant kangaroo with a heavy necklace resting on his chest. It was the first sign of adornment he’d seen on any of the animals they’d encountered.
One of the adult cats let out a mournful cry, and the others around her pressed in close, purring and licking her face and neck. Steve made a little
“My name is Nick Fury,” the man said. He didn’t offer his hand, but he came close enough for Steve to hear his tone. Slow, measured, and undercut by a resounding bass pulse that Steve could feel in his bones. They didn’t resonate exactly, but they didn’t clash either.
Steve tossed his head in acknowledgement. “It’s nice to meet you, Walker. My friend’s name is Tony.”
He wondered if he’d ever been that obvious, but he suspected not. His Steve wouldn’t have stood for it.
, but he couldn’t shut himself up long enough to say anything that mattered.
ed into the up position, like he assumed it would.
deserved to be done.
Tony’s finger, resting on the outside of the trigger guard, tugged in. Steve’s eyes flickered down and back up while Tony’s knuckle went white with the effort to pull the trigger through the guard. Annoyed, Kilgrave amended, “Put your finger on the trigger, and pull it!”
“Thank you,” Steve said against his skin. He braced his hands on Tony’s hips to move him, but Tony tightened his hold.
under the suit, Tony with a heart problem (he didn’t have a heart problem, what a strange thing to make up), Tony who wasn’t even a good man while Iron Man was a hero.
“I didn’t mean to startle you,” she said.
ing noise. Though Steve couldn’t understand the words, if they were words at all, he interpreted it as, “Good for you, buddy.”
Steve’s bushy dog brows lowered over his eyes. He made a low rolling noise that accompanied the tossing of his head, and then hopped into the road.
“C-Captain Rogers…” she said, taking a step back from him even as she tried to smile comfortingly. “Please calm down.”
Ears pricking up, Steve demanded,
Bruce made an exasperated noise, but he didn’t sound surprised, or even all that annoyed. In fact, he sounded almost fond. Tony couldn’t figure out why Rage Monster was one of the nicknames he had for this unassuming, harmless-looking man, except that he had an abrupt thought that Bruce had once
The door opened, and a woman stepped into the room. Just like the rest of the surroundings, she was subtly
The cloak fluttered out in an obviously gesture of irritation. Strange glared at them.
smile at his counterpart. “It’s me! I love it.” He examined Anthony without making any effort to disguise his curiosity. They were nearly of a height, but it was hard to tell when Anthony was in dress shoes and Tony was in his undersuit.
Tony fell into helpless babbling, and was only vaguely aware of what he was doing – apologizing, confessing, spilling out every secret, and every regret, and begging Steve to just let him come.
“Where Captain America would be concerned for Tony Stark? Or where Steve Rogers might return Tony Stark’s severely constipated version of affection?” Steve suggested.
He couldn’t see red. Tony tossed his head, looked down at himself, and realized that he’d landed on the dais at some point. The big rat loomed over him, the red glow (His eyes weren’t equipped to…) giving him the aspect of an avenging angel, terrible and beautiful… Tony could just… take a nap, bathe in the warmth, the red…
“I might not remember the war we fought,” Tony said slowly, “But there is nothing in this universe or any other that could change
Tony had been surprised by the immediate disgust he’d felt at the scent of charring meat. He’d thought longingly of a hamburger, but in his mind, the hamburger was raw. Riverstones had joined them after a moment and took over the cooking so his mate could stretch out on a wide couch. The puppies had swarmed all over her like something out of a horror film, but she had been quiescent and relaxed as they nursed.
Tony tried to laugh, but his throat felt like it had been rubbed raw. “Nice,” he agreed finally. It took several moments to convince himself that pulling back would be ultimately better than staying where he was. He held onto the condom and gasped as Steve’s body reluctantly released him. He just barely managed to tip his weight so that he fell alongside Steve on the creaky bed, rather than collapsing directly on top of him.
Steve yanked away from him finally, and slammed a hand into the wall at Tony’s side, face a mask of conflict. “You infuriate me.”
from the depths of his dreams. Breathing in the steam, Tony set his forehead against the shower stall door and let the water beat down on his back.
Tony threw up a paw and fired a repulsor blast (blue, cold and bright) into the rat’s face. The strange blanket that had wrapped around his mind vanished. Tony let out a deep growl that ratcheted up into a hiss, and launched himself at the rat’s throat.
cheeseburgers
“You’re strangers!” the puppy announced excitedly. He wagged his tail so hard that he knocked himself over. “Hi! Are you here to see someone? Is it my mom? Do you want to see her? I’ll get her!” He scrambled up and made awkward progress back to his front door, yapping the whole time, and seeming to be unsure if he wanted to run or jump. He tripped three times before squirming through the opening in one of the larger houses. Steve could hear him frantically calling to his mom through the open window.
Tony made a
He could feel Steve’s curious gaze on the back of his neck. “Does it matter?”
he suggested.
“That’s my boy,” Tony praised. He wasn’t – Steve wasn’t his. Steve was a dream, a fantasy. Somewhere in the real world, Tony was tossing around in his bunk, fevered and sweating. When he woke up, he should maybe go to the medbay after all. He doubted he would find a hospital room with trees and blue sky beyond.
Steve shuddered. “I was on your chest, and I had my shield above my head, and for a second I wanted to. I can’t sleep without seeing your face. I think you wanted me to do it.”
“Thank you,” Steve said once he was dressed.
Tony tried to roll his eyes with middling success. He huffed out a sigh.
“You want him to mark you?” Tony guessed. “Claim you?”
Holding a hand up to his ear to protect the comm device from the wind, he said, “Definitely not paint.”
He levered himself up as Steve cautiously crossed the floor to him. “Did you miss me, darling?”
Steve asked before the wolf goaded Tony away from Steve for tussle in the undergrowth.
Tony was startled by the voice, but only long after the chance for an appropriate reaction had passed. He twisted to look up the captain. Man looked bigger than ever, or Tony felt smaller than ever. His eyes were very blue against the deeply lined leather of his skin, and he had surprisingly long lashes.
Despite appearing to weave through the trees at random, Tony found them a narrow road so quickly that Steve could almost believe he’d known it was there. He watched Tony’s swaying hips as they walked, frowning, trying to tease out some thought that he just couldn’t grasp. A bird flew overhead, and Steve’s spine stiffened immediately. He barked to make sure Tony knew it was there, and to make sure the bird knew that Steve knew it was there. The bird banked, but Steve kept barking, muscles quivering. If it would just fly lower, he could wrestle it right out of the air.
Tony thought, bitter and resentful even in his own ears.
, Tony thought snidely. (Forest somewhere in Germany, the trees shattering around them, watching Thor on a digital display with data flickering in the corners of his eyes.
The world went fuzzy around the edges. He felt himself swaying. How could he possibly make sense of
he said, though clearly he did not.
The first moon had just passed its zenith, and the second was hot on its tail when they made it to the base of a cliff. Riverstones stopped, and made a production out of sitting himself down. He tipped his muzzle straight up to follow its smooth surface up and up… and up.
Steve looked at Tony again, who still very loudly ignoring him, and took a few steps forward.
Tony said when he recovered from the shock. He started to squirm.
Steve nodded. He ducked his head to stare at his sock as if he was inspecting it for fibers out of place. He’d been weird since the first time they’d had sex on the couch. He wasn’t as aggressive with Tony anymore, they didn’t fight as much, and sex wasn’t always preceded by Steve getting red in the face with anger. It was nice, but it was also different. Tony knew enough about ‘different’ with relationships to know it meant a goodbye was coming around the corner. He was ready for it, but he wasn’t going to hurry it along either.
“No.” Tony looked at the Steve who sat at his bedside. He was wearing those damn khaki pants, a midnight blue button up shirt, and white tennis shoes with bright white tube socks. His familiar brown leather bomber jacket was draped over the back of the chair. Tony gestured to him helplessly. “You’re such a dork.”
“Mr. Stark? Are you feeling –”
Tony said nothing, but the wolf wasn’t stopping. Steve could follow her to the road, and then come back for Tony.
“You fall asleep on everyone but me. Natasha, Sam, even Bruce. Why?”
Steve became so embroiled in the wonderful world that had been living right under his nose his whole life, that he was startled into a leap when Tony dropped down from a low branch. Steve landed awkwardly and had to scramble back to his feet while Tony made a strange chuffing sound. For a moment, he was worried that he’d scared Tony into some kind of heart attack, but remembered that he’d heard the noise before.
“No,” Tony answered – it wasn’t a lie. He wasn’t avoiding anyone in particular. He was just avoiding them all.
Tony pressed.
Thor and Hank examined the man like they didn’t immediately recognize him (neither of them had been there the other time, but they’d both been in the house with Steve in Tony’s other dreams, they should know him), and Tony just watched, trapped in his own body, head spinning agonizingly fast. His memories jumped from a sparkling tower, to a sprawling mansion, from a file projected above him in glowing blue, to the submarine, and back.
As Steve begged Tony’s lungs to give up the water and accept the air, it started to rain. Heavy sheets fell, dark and cold around them, and the world started to go black at the edges.
“And when do you come to me?” Steve demanded.
“Commander,” Tony prompted when Steve didn’t immediately speak. “Can I help you with anything?”
When he turned around, he was in some kind of lab with the other Avengers (who was driving the boat?), staring down at the body (Steve) laid out on a bunk. He was dressed in familiar red, blue, and white, with the shield on his chest, face relaxed in sleep, hands at his sides. His uniform was sparingly covered in scraps of tan cloth (he’d been frozen, nothing should have disintegrated) Tony also remembered an image of him encased in a block of ice, thawing slowly on a table, surrounded by SHIELD techs in biohazard gear (What was SHIELD? – Except he did remember Director, no Colonel Fury, a doughnut shop, a hostile takeover, a woman with red hair infiltrating his life,
Shouting in frustration, Tony kicked and screamed his way out of the snow, slithered out on his belly, and crawled to the plane. The windows had been shattered out, and Tony could just see the shadow of the pilot’s chair beyond. The nose was buried several feet in the ice so the bottom lip of the window was only seven or eight feet off the ground. He jumped, missed the first time, and jumped again. He just managed to catch the edge of the window – he knew that the shards of glass were cutting through the gloves, but he couldn’t feel it. He heaved himself into the plane and spilled down a ramp of ice to the floor, which rattled under his weight. Shitty Hydra construction, bullshit cheap flooring panels.
Steve’s brows furrowed. “How do you know you’re not hunting down your neighbor?” he asked. The question had occurred to him before, but he’d been so distracted by all the activity, he hadn’t thought to ask.
“That might be a good idea, Mr. Stark,” she said somewhat frostily.
was wrongwrongwrong.
. He couldn’t remember ever not feeling so lost in his own skin. He must have, once, but maybe he’d just been lying to himself so there was a glimmer of hope that it might not always feel like this. “The sex is good, and I just thought it would be enough to.” He made a helpless noise against his teeth and pressed his hands in his eyes. “You hold me sometimes, and I thought. If I just didn’t say anything. Maybe you would stay like that.”
“See you tonight?”
“He can’t help it, you know,” the wolf said when Steve caught up to her. “Cats process differently than we do, and they get cranky if they don’t get enough sleep. Your colors are strange besides. He just needs some time to get his fur back in order. They’re loyal, good hunters.  You’re lucky to have him. He’ll catch up.”
“Sorry about that,” Steve said after the techs had hurried out with their gear.
The third ball just barely escaped his reach, hitting the ground by his left boot and shooting up behind him. He twisted to follow its progress, but Tony snagged the ball out of the air and fired his thrusters to bring it back to the boys. Steve saw the kids obviously struggling between cowering away from Iron Man as he hovered a few feet above the pavement, and gaping at him in awe.
Steve understood what had happened an instant before familiar hands closed over his. Bucky pried Steve’s hands away from his ears and Sam dropped to his knees in front of him with a pair of bulky headphones. He shoved them over Steve’s ears and the screaming abruptly cut off. His ears continued to ring like they’d been filled with cicadas, but he couldn’t hear the sonic tone anymore.
The puppy declared. He abandoned Steve’s side and trundled over to Tony. Tony pulled away from him, but the puppy followed eagerly. He all but jumped on Tony’s back, and went right for his ear. Tony flailed in confused indecision. A high-pitched growl started, and then immediately stuttered to a stop in his throat. The puppy nipped at Tony’s ear again.
Steve sucked in a breath. It whistled past the blockage in his throat, filled up the hollow, hurting places in his chest. On his left side, three broken ribs protested the movement with sharp bites. He concentrated on the pain, pulled in another deep breath, tried to ignore Tony’s shaking hand, tried to keep his eyes locked on Tony’s face and not on the gun. His lips were dry and they drew apart reluctantly. “Look at me, Tony. We can get through this together.”
“Thank you,” Steve said at the door. He always did, even when the sex was at their angriest, like it was some kind of polite exchange. Like Tony was doing him a favor.
“Uh. Clothes?” Steve fumbled. When Tony’s smile grew wider,
He liked
Turning back to the cage, Tony grabbed the lever again and yanked it hard, desperate to get the kittens out of the cages before the rats woke up from the spell. The lever clanged out of the housing, and Tony threw the door open.
world anymore. He was tired, and
“Not that your body will let you, but if you pass out, I’ll just give the gun to your sweetheart and ask him to put a bullet in your skull,” Kilgrave noted. “Of course, you wouldn’t care anymore, being dead, but I think I would let him go after that. I think I would tell him to go sit on the edge of his bed and just think about what he’d done.”
At the bedside, Steve sucked in a sharp breath. He stood up to lean over the bed. “Tony, do that again. Move your foot. Squeeze my hand. Nurse!” he shouted, and then quickly lowered his voice. “Tony, just… anything, please.”
Steve let the thought die. It wasn’t like he’d thought Tony would really agree. They sat down in the center of the village, and said their goodbyes. Dozens of tiny kittens clamored all over Tony, and one girl in particular shoved herself under his belly and crouched there like it was her rightful place. When Tony tried to move away, she followed without seeming to realize that he was trying get her back to her mom. He finally had to lift up on his back legs so her mom could grab her, and she cried as she was pulled away.
Tony croaked. He struggled to his feet and took a few woozy steps forward. The rats were no more willing to get out of his way than they had been for Steve and Riverstones. He cursed and lifted off again, setting for a drunken arch toward the dais.
Tony sucked in a loud breath, and another, his pulse visibly jumping in his throat. “You sick purple piece of shit, I am going to
. He would smile, even covered in dirt, and sweat, and blood, and Tony would feel like he was flying with his feet firmly on the ground.
Steve snapped his teeth, which made Tony jump back and hiss. Settling the weight of the shield on his shoulders again, Steve said,
“I do,” Steve moaned. “God, I do. More, please. Please.”
“Doesn’t stop you from having an Opinion,” Tony muttered, but he didn’t wait for Steve to respond. With a long sigh, he stepped forward and pushed open the Medbay door.
Tony thumped down to the pavement, showboating for the appreciative audience. Steve rolled his eyes as he turned away from the display. A moment later, he heard Iron Man’s heavy steps behind him, and turned just enough to catch the flashy suit of armor in his peripheral vision.
” Tony moaned as the firing mechanism snapped on an empty chamber and cycled to the next.
Before he’d made up his mind, he heard a soft scuffle in the undergrowth. Moving just enough to see the ground, Tony went still. The sound came again, a soft whisper of movement over dry brush. When the sound came for a third time, it was followed closely by a dragging noise. Faintly, he heard a squeak.
Riverstones said smoothly.
“Mr. Stark,” Jarvis called into the room.
“I've wanted to peel you out of this,” Steve muttered, the rasp of his voice making Tony shiver. He reached up to pull the collar apart, and then twisted the zipper pull between his fingers, looking at Tony like he was daring him to protest. When Tony said nothing, Steve made a sharp motion with both hands, and the zipper parted with a scream of protest. Grabbing either edge of the torn zipper, Steve yanked hard, tearing out the rest of the seam. Tony shivered at the sudden exposure to the cool air, and couldn’t help automatically trying to curl up. He didn’t let people see the RT if he could help it, and Steve’s eyes were right on it. Tony imagined that he could feel the RT aching under the heat of Steve's gaze. He shivered.
“It’s okay,” Steve said softly. As long as the bullet didn’t tear through his heart or hit an artery, there was a good chance he would survive it. Tony had managed to move the muzzle to point just slightly left of Steve’s heart. If he held it steady, the bullet would pass upward through Steve’s third and fourth ribs, and probably puncture his lung. It would be painful, but he could survive it if he got help. Once Tony shot him, he would be freed from the compulsion until Kilgrave issued another command. It might only be seconds, but there were still five bullets scattered on the floor and Tony was fast, and strong. He might be able to hold out long enough. “It’s okay,” he said again.
“Sure.” Tony offered Steve a plastic cup with a finger of whiskey at the bottom.
literal
Tony checked the bed to make sure he was alone and then said, “No, that’s fine. Let him in.”
“And he is definitely not from this universe,” she concluded.
She looked over at Tony.
. She made a noise that sounded like
Steve huffed out a soft laugh, and Tony found his rhythm again. He pushed Steve through another orgasm, but didn’t stop to let him calm down again, and Steve rewarded him with loud curses as he reached up to grab the headboard. Tony started cursing himself, and the whiskey, as Steve built up a third time and was starting to sound a little frantic and over-sensitive.
Setting his hand carefully on the side of Steve’s face, Tony met his eyes. “I know.”
Steve suggested sarcastically, but he flopped onto his back and held still so Tony could get to his belt.
Tony watched him ease down the last few stairs into the room, and mused aloud, “I’ve had a few dreams that started this way.” Maybe it was the last gasp of his brain as he died, one final fantasy for the road. It might also be the much-fabled afterlife, but in that case, Tony was unsure if it was an unexpected reward for being a whole lot better than he’d thought, or if it was a creative punishment for being a whole lot worse than he’d thought.
Steve’s ears swiveled back, and then forward.
Steve stood.
“No sniffing!” he shouted, frantically scrabbling at the face plate as if he could drive all the scents away. All at once, the cacophony of scents ceased, making him feel like he’d lost his sense of smell altogether. “Looking,” Tony said firmly. “Seeing through the stupid rock to a tunnel.”
His voice hit Tony like a repulsor blast to the gut. He frowned. “I respect you.”
“Mr. Stark,” a gravelly voice intruded.
The wolf let her tongue lull out. “Obviously.” She turned and trotted off into the woods. “He’ll catch up. Cats have a good sense of direction.”
“Steven, darling,” Tony interrupted. He tilted his head back so he could see Steve on the bed, brows furrowed and looking adorably concerned for Tony’s health. “You’ll realize very quickly that I don’t do a damn thing I don’t want to.” He fished a tube of lube and a string of four condoms out of Steve’s discarded belt pouches, and looked up to give him a playful smile. He let the condoms unroll and waved them about. “You were sure optimistic this evening.”
Opening his eyes, Tony looked blankly at the stack of paperwork he still needed to review and sign, and compared it to the stack that he’d already completed. At least the ‘completed’ stack was the taller of the two. He had meant to have all of it taken care of by noon, but between emergency calls with heads of state, unplanned meetings with his staff, and mediating a fight about personnel between two of his commanders, he hadn’t even touched the paperwork until he’d been able to send the rest of the day staff home.
Before Tony could say a word in his own defense, or even get his hands up to push Steve back, Steve was pressed tightly against him. Their mouths met with a sharp crack of teeth, and Tony tasted blood that he barely processed over the sudden realization that Steve was kissing him. How many times had he dreamed of having Steve’s arms around him before the world had gone to shit? And now here he was in an office he hated, being all but mauled by a Steve who didn’t like him very much.
Steve stood up abruptly. The girl jumped. “Who are you?” Steve demanded. He heard it when her tone overlaid with a fast shriek of fright, but her uneasiness just made him positive that something fishy was going on. “Where am I?”
she said simply.
we’re
he said with false sweetness.
Tony stopped him from running away with a hand on his wrist. “I wasn’t saying
“I’m fine!” Tony interrupted the crewmen who’d just stepped around the corner. “Just… went down the wrong tube. Fine.” He pushed past the man (he had a name, Tony was sure), and hurried back to his cabin. It was probably a better idea if he just stayed there until the expedition left in the morning.
“Do you mind if I use your shower?” Steve asked after a moment of silence.
“If this is how we’re going to do be doing team meetings from now on,” he said finally, forcing the tight line of his lips to soften, “You can probably just conference call me.”
He felt the impact first, a sharp sting just below his collarbone, followed instantly by an explosion of alarmed heat. As if everything had turned upside-down, he heard the shot after he felt it, echoing in loud claps around the empty warehouse. The chair turned over and he spilled onto the floor, striking his head hard on the concrete. Everything swam in drunken circles as he rolled backwards and onto his feet. Distantly, he heard Kilgrave screaming, incoherent with rage, and then a high pitched blast of noise that overwhelmed Steve with instant nausea. He doubled over and dropped to his knees, dry heaving, the pain of his broken ribs barely noticeable over the fire in his chest and the screaming in his head. It didn’t help, but Steve covered his ears and tried to find Tony in the chaos of the jumping shadows and the shriek of noise. He found Kilgrave on his knees a few feet away, elbows up by his ears, mouth moving, but inaudible over the noise.
“You damn well know what,” Rhodey growls, and Steve’s jaw tightens.
“Can you, uh…”
One time, he had walked down to Tony’s lab to ask about a tear in his suit, wondering if he would be mad if Steve just mended it himself, when he saw the two men in Tony’s workshop. They were clearly arguing with him, asking for something, and Tony was just smiling at them. Tony was smiling at them with his stupid self-deprecating grin, where his eyes would crinkle at the corners charmingly but the light would disappear from within them. The one that clearly conveyed that no matter how much anyone else might hate him, they’d never hate him more than he hated himself.
. “What the
“I know you are,” Steve says, his breath still a little uneven and shallow. “I know you are,” he repeats, “but I can’t shake the feeling that there’s
Tony takes a deep breath and dials.
The idea of sitting down seems like something he should be protesting fiercely, but all he can muster up is crushing relief at the idea of getting to settle his bones. Clint half walks, half drags them to a sleek black car waiting at a street corner, opening the back door and carefully settling him in before buckling up in the front seat.
“I – why would you show me this?”
Bucky is missing. That’s the whole reason that Tony is riding this train of thought in the first place.
With that thought comes another memory, so quickly that Bucky nearly stumbles, even leaning against a wall as he is.
Steve’s sorry, now. He’s so sorry.
A shadow flickers over Steve’s face but it disappears faster than Rhodey can fully process it. “I’m sorry?” he asks politely, and fuck but Rhodey wants to kick him.
If he didn’t think that the other Avengers were actually children before, this definitely confirms it. If he ignores the STD poster he can almost imagine he’s in a pediatrics ward, about to be examined for the GI Joe arm he got stuck up his nose or something.
That’s another thing: hatred. There’s certainly no shortage of that. Steve hates him, he knows that now. It does make him wonder about the rest of the team, however. They use his technology, his food, his resources, his house, and maybe… that’s all he’s for?
But oh, Bucky can go farther.
“Tony, that means you too. You got a lot over your suit, and I don’t want to find out the hard way that some of it slipped through the cracks in the armor.”
He leaps to his feet, unminding of the teacup still in his hand sloshing boiling water all over his fingers and stands there, heaving. “It was your fault,” he hisses, shaking so hard he can barely get out the words.
Bucky being here, Bucky affirming Steve’s guilt, had simply pushed Steve over the edge.
“Punk,” Bucky replies automatically, then freezes. Fuck. Thousands of memories of saying this exact thing between him and his former best friend flood his memory, reminding him of times he hadn’t known existed. Not for the first time, he curses Hydra and his missing memories.
“Don’ mention it,” Barnes says, shrugging.
Bucky shakes his head, feeling as though his heart is splintering into hundreds of tiny pieces. Vaguely, he wonders if Tony will make him a prosthetic for it, or an arc reactor, something his boyfriend showed him the other day.
“Lemons,” Tony answers and pats him on the shoulder quickly. “Be quick about it.”
“Yeah. That would be great.”
” Steve's voice cracks and he takes a rattling breath, clearly trying to master himself.
“So there was somethin’, wasn’t there?” Bucky challenges. “Dammit, Stevie,” (the nickname comes out of nowhere but it feels so right, so familiar, that he doesn’t even try to take it back), “what happened to you two?”
Tony looks at him seductively. “How can it be a sex life if there’s no sex?”
Steve looks up at him and nods, gesturing for him to continue.
“Bruce!” Bucky says, and his voice is urgent. “Can you fix up Steve? I think his cuts healed over the shrapnel in his hands.” He wipes off the tears on his face and clutches Steve tighter. “
“It’s impossible not to,” Steve says miserably.
“What a hardship,” Bucky echoes, but he can’t quite contain his excitement.
(See the end of the chapter for
She looks surprised, but reaches behind herself, stretching quite a bit in the process, and tosses it over. He catches it easily and thanks her quickly while avoiding eye contact, takes his number, and goes to sit down with his back firmly to the young woman.
Shit. This is kind of a big deal. Does being in love with Steve mean he has to start a relationship with him? Does it mean he has to forget about the pain they’ve both gone through?
“You okay?” Bucky asks, amusement written clear across his face.
Tony takes a deep breath. “Rhodey, I’m pregnant.”
Rhodey thinks,
“They’re, uh…” Tony coughs, and looks down at his feet, desperately trying to compose his smile before looking up again. Bucky stomps on Tony’s foot subtly, clearly trying to hide laughter of his own, and Tony hisses, but it works. He’s able to look back up at Thor with nothing but an earnest expression covering his face. Or so he hopes.
“Say,” Tony says, turning back to Steve and makes seemingly innocent eye contact. “Who tops?”
“Hello.”
Rhodey sighs. “Do you need me to punch him in fucking perfect face?”
He dimly realizes his shirt has been cut away on that side, and wonders, when that happened before the sharp point of a knife digs into the meat of his back, leaving icy pain in its wake and cutting a clean line that he knows is exposing pearly drops of blood that will drip onto the beautiful designs that were strewn across the table. They will have spots of red, now. They will no longer be pristine.
“I’m not,” he says through gritted teeth.
in my armor. I’d sooner be caught dead!”
Tony sighs, and spends the rest of the hour reading through and answering work emails, because dammit, all these thoughts of Pepper have been rubbing off on him.
He shivers where he lays and forces himself to get up, going to the small bathroom to brush his teeth with terrible tasting mint toothpaste that makes his mouth burn, telling himself those feelings would abate, they had too. The things inside his head were
