“We need to send someone in. We can figure out what to do with him afterwards but we need to get the other people out. If he’s a soldier like Sherlock said, maybe someone in uniform isn’t the best idea.” Lestrade looked thoughtful for a moment before turning to consult Sherlock, or rather the space Sherlock had been occupying. He looked around and his stomach sank as he saw Sherlock disappearing inside the café.
Sherlock’s touch was curious, attentive and exploratory as he slid his fingers down John’s shaft, taking his time, as if he was memorising every inch of him. John panted above his ministrations, fighting the urge to buck his hips up against him. Sherlock’s hand dipped lower, cupping his balls in his palm, before moving back to press against his perineum. Then his fingers tightened around John, giving a few firm tugs, letting his thumb run across the head, pressing at that sensitive spot right there as he reached the top. John moaned, head thrown back, eyes slammed shut. Sherlock’s grip tightened as his movements eased into a steady rhythm. All of a sudden Sherlock released him. John opened his eyes, confused at the loss of Sherlock’s warmth against him. A grumble rose in his throat and he captured Sherlock’s wrist. Sherlock wriggled himself free with an amused smile. His eyes glinted as he pulled the duvet back just enough to grasp the hem of John’s shirt. Understanding clicked in John’s hazy, arousal-muddled mind and he moved up allowing Sherlock to pull his shirt over his head. He reached down fumbling with his own trousers, drunk on the feeling of Sherlock’s hand and needing to feel it again. He ended up in a tangle, wrapped in sheets and clothing and Sherlock chuckled. The deep baritone of his voice rumbled against John’s skin. He pressed a kiss to John’s forehead as he slipped his hand back down. He offered a few more strokes before reaching for his own clothing.
“You will John. I love you too.” He guided John down into a gentle kiss, the press of lips offering up reassurance and John fell into it willingly letting warmth suffuse through him. “Now, please can we take this shirt off? This--” he motioned down to where his t-shirt was rucked up around his chest, “looks ridiculous.” John laughed and he pulled off the t-shirt. He let his hands run across Sherlock’s broad shoulders, across the muscles in his arms as he pushed him down onto his back. He leant down to claim Sherlock’s mouth then kissed along his jaw and the long column of his neck. He lost himself in the heady vibrations caused by Sherlock’s pleasure as he nuzzled at Sherlock’s throat, his fingers trailing south as he sucked a small bruise into the hollow just above his collar bone. He growled his dissatisfaction as he reached Sherlock’s trousers. They were slung low on his hips but they were still definitely in the way. A shiver ran up Sherlock’s body as John shuffled down the bed until he was face to face with the offending article. He lay a kiss over Sherlock’s clothed cock and then in one smooth motion he pulled his trousers down, leaning back to tug them over his feet and toss them to the floor. He nestled himself back between Sherlock’s thighs, tugging his legs up slightly. Sherlock’s hand shot down to John’s head, cradling the back of it in his palm, the other hand knotted in the sheets, his entire body thrumming with anticipation, a low rumble stirring in his throat.
John lay in bed. His hands were clasped loosely across his chest and he looked up at the flickering shadows that were dancing across his ceiling, in the half-light trickling through his curtains. He could hear Sherlock in the room below him, moaning and grumbling, ensnared in the claws of another vicious nightmare. John felt himself tense, itching with the soldier’s desire to protect and compelled by the doctor’s need to heal and soothe. The knowledge that he couldn’t help, that he couldn’t rush to Sherlock’s side and offer comfort tugged painfully at his heart. Each distraught sound from Sherlock, that wrested itself through the floorboards dividing them, sent a new wave of sympathetic agony coursing through John’s blood, keeping him trapped on this side of wakefulness.
Something had shifted. It felt off; the frantic shouting in Pashto and then the rumbling of engines, it felt wrong, strangely quiet, unsettling. Then the world was torn apart, the missile blast throwing John violently to the ground. He yelled out his pain at the impact. Rubble flying through the air as acrid black smoke curled upwards. He slowly blinked himself back to consciousness. His head was reeling and this time he was unable to force down the nausea, he rolled over heaving, his stomach emptying itself of its contents. The metallic tang of blood was thick and cloying, he could taste it in the air, staining his tongue as he breathed. He lay for a second; panting desperately into the dust, until his stomach settled and he stopped shaking. He could hear his name being called out, bitten off in gasps of pain. He pulled himself to his feet, reeling as the world spun around him. Again, his name was shouted out edged with desperation. John froze, suddenly feeling very heavy. Will! He staggered after the voice, answering the calls with his own, until he collapsed to the ground at his friend’s side. Oh god oh god! He looked him over, trying not to panic and failing, scrabbling for something to do that would fix him even as the doctor in him recognised the futility. His right leg has been a victim of the blast, leaving behind a bloodied maw of torn flesh. His chest and abdomen were riddled with bullets.
“You got all that from three minutes of video?” Lestrade asked. Sherlock didn’t answer. He was still looking at the CCTV footage.
John awoke first, wrapped up warm in the bed, in Sherlock and in the comforting weight their new revelations had carefully laid over them. They had drifted closer together in their sleep, but there hands had fallen apart, not yet sure of the rules to this new game. The distance stretched out between them like an unspoken question. Their breath mingled in the space between them; John lying atop the covers still and Sherlock snuggled underneath- one arm flung towards John, reaching out towards him. John blinked away the last remnants of sleep and a soft smile pulled at his lips as he took Sherlock in; sleep mussed, bundled in down and soft cotton.
John stared down at Sherlock for a long moment, quiet and reflective. Sherlock had saved him all those years ago; showing him that his life-after-war did not have to be mundane 9-5 jobs and evening telly, crippled, lonely and trapped by self-loathing. It could be adrenaline and adventure, of late nights and racing starlight across roof tops. It could be exhilaration igniting in his soul and takeaway eaten in the early hours. And it could be friendship and loyalty and-- John swallowed heavily and he nodded his head stiffly as if granting himself permission. Here, now, in this tenuous place between wake and sleep he could be honest with himself. It had always been more than that.
I needed to ground myself, seeking out my heartbeat, the dull rhythmic throbbing, a reminder, a constant companion. Counting heartbeats-- silence. Their absence was entirely dissonant from my racing thoughts.
a favour?” Sherlock scoffed, as he pulled his gloves out of his pocket, turning away from Lestrade as he slipped them on, his fingers twitching for something to do.
Slowly the kiss deepened, from gentle and hesitant to urgent and passionate laced with need. John sought out Sherlock’s tongue with his own, exploring the inside of his mouth, touching and tasting. They both gasped at the contact. Sherlock’s fingers tightened against John, clutching at his shirt, twitching restlessly. They broke apart for a moment, their hearts pounding, breath coming in ragged gasps. Sherlock pulled back further still, tugging at the duvet. John realised what he was trying to do and after a moment they were both wrapped under the covers and in each other’s arms. John muffled a groan as Sherlock pressed closer against him and he realised that he was aroused. His erection brushed against Sherlock’s as their hips rocked together. John blinked his eyes open and took Sherlock in; pupils blown wide, flushed skin, lips parted and swollen, he looked devastating. And then they were kissing again, frenetic energy crackling along their skin, like static.
“John, I--” I stopped to clear my throat, struggling to get the words out. I realised I was crying, the tears running completely unbidden down my face. “I had to. Moriarty, he was going to kill you, he had a sniper on you. I needed to, John. There was no other way. I had to protect you.” My word were coming out as staccato now, punctuated by heaving breaths and almost sobs. “Please don’t hate me John. Please, I was doing it for you. I was doing it to save you. I couldn’t bear it if I got you killed, I would never have forgiven myself. John, you deserve so much more than this.” I paused, lowering my gaze. I couldn’t bear to look at him. “You deserve so much more than me, John”.
“No” John said firmly, putting his hand up and shaking his head. “Sorry, I can’t” his voice catching on the words.
“John,” Sherlock breathed. “Oh God, your tongue-- your mouth-- Aah--” he swallowed thickly. “God the things that you can do with your mouth.” Then he pulled himself up on his elbows, looking down at John his gaze filled with curiosity. “You’ve done this before.” John murmured his assent as he took Sherlock back into his mouth, swallowing him down. Sherlock swallowed hard lost in the sensations tearing through him. The smooth cotton of the sheets dragged across John’s cock as he rutted against the bed, sparks of pleasure coiling deep inside him, flashes of electricity fizzing along nerves and muscle, dragging him to the edge. Sherlock’s hands shot out to still John’s head.
The change that had occurred between them in the last twelve hours was earth shattering. They had been stepping around each other’s broken pieces, keeping their distance, wary and on edge. They had been bound by their past, shackled by everything that had passed between them, so much pain, heartbreak, misunderstanding. They had shattered each other’s trust, betrayal pressing, splintered and bloodied, into their hearts. John was so sure that he had lost Sherlock, perhaps for ever, dedicated himself to a lifetime of trying to atone for the mistakes he had made, the hurt he had caused. But against all odds they had found their way back to each other again and John no longer felt afraid. Their past was still their past, that had not changed, but now John was certain that no matter what the world threw their way, no matter what demons got dredged up, they would survive it. Together they could stand strong against their demons and together, hand in hand they would drive them away and finally finally they could sleep in peace.
“That sounds like a very good plan,” John said, knocking back his drink. Liz and Sherlock followed suit, drinking their juice quickly. They all stood, Liz taking John and Sherlock’s hands as they left The Leaky Cauldron.
“I just know these things,” he said, small smile still on his lips. “I think you and your team could be helpful to me. I treat my employees well.” She was clearly considering his offer. “Either way, I will have your clavicle looked at. And your nose. Probably should have your stomach looked at too. Sorry about that.”
“Well, I’ll leave you all to it,” Mrs. Hudson said a while later, standing and making her way slowly back down the stairs.
“How about those robes over there?” John carried Liz over to a rack and pulled a set of robes out. They were navy blue with little silver stars sprinkled across them. When the fabric shifted, the stars winked in and out of existence.
“No need to apologize, just want you to know you don’t need to worry about bothering us.” John didn’t wait for an answer, just turned and headed for the kitchen. “Want to keep me company?”
The man had bee shot twice in the chest, bullet holes bleeding out and creating a pool of blood under him. He was on his back and dressed in a dirty, off white t-shirt and dark, flour stained pants.
“Ah, well regular bowel movements are good,” Mycroft nodded, trying to mask his awkwardness behind indifference and failing utterly. Jackie’s brow cleared and she leaned forward to drop a block on the bed. As she did, her face crumpled and she let out a whine.
Her shoulders hunched and she seemed to shrink in on herself. John sensed her reluctance, but felt now was a good time to try to talk to her.
“For you and me both,” Mycroft responded softly, laying a gentle kiss on Greg’s head. “Would you like to tell me what happened?”
Mycroft didn’t dignify that with a response but instead finished loosening his tie. He stored it over the back of the chair in the room. “Better?” he asked.
“He’s constantly running around expecting me to keep up and placing his toe over the line every day. And I wouldn’t change it for the world.”
Liz was quietly sitting in Sherlock’s lap, mug cradled between her two hands as she steadily drank the cocoa.
The stopped by Florean’s on their way out and got large ice cream cones. They sat in front of the shop and ate them, Liz getting ice cream all over her face. She grinned and ate happily, not slowing down until the whole thing was gone. When they were all done they made their way back to The Leaky Cauldron and used Floo powder to get back to Baker Street.
“How can I help you, John?” Mycroft asked as Jackie finished her bottle, dropping it. Mycroft sighed and crouched down, picking up the bottle.
Hi guys! This one has been written up for a while, but my dad was visiting and I didn't have time to post it. I've got half of the next chapter ready, so that should be coming soon. Warnings for mild torture/violence, really just Mycroft punching a lady. If you don't like violence, you can move on to the asterixes. The important info Mycroft finds is reiterated there.
“It’s alright,” John hastened to reassure her, quickly pulling out his wand and pointing it at the mug. “Reparo,” he said, and the mug pieces sealed themselves back together. “Tergeo,” he said, siphoning up the remaining cocoa. “See? All better,” he said soothingly, holding a hand out placatingly to Liz while putting his wand on the coffee table. “It’s okay. We won’t hurt you.”
“Dominant, failing all her uni classes, dating someone outside the experiment on the side, not worth your time,” Mycroft rattled off to Sherlock, completely ignoring the girl.
“Okay, okay, real food is on it’s way,” Mycroft chuckled as he placed her bottle in the sink and dug out a container of baby food from the pantry. Grabbing a baby spoon from the appropriate door, Mycroft sat at the kitchen table, putting his coffee on the table and brandishing the spoon in one hand and the container in the other. He opened the container and spooned mashed pears into Jackie’s waiting mouth. She so far hadn’t shown any fussiness towards food, for which Mycroft was eternally grateful.
“It’s small, but it is a safe house,” Mycroft said, taking off his coat and hanging it in the small closet by the door.
“Yeah, they have one coming in tomorrow to talk to a bunch of us.” Greg paused for a moment, resting his head on Mycroft’s shoulder. “Why do we let them boss us around? The experiment people? It’s not really fair, is it?”
“Because they’re beautiful,” John answered softly. “And they’re so far away, but we can still see them.”
John’s thoughts were interrupted by the jingling of the door behind him, and he turned to see Hermione stepping into the daycare flanked by two other wizards. They were all three dressed in robes, Hermione in a dark purple and the other two in dark green.
“Hello,” Sherlock added. “Dinner’s just about ready,” their mother informed them as she entered the room.
“Well, we’d best be off,” John said. “We’ll start looking into getting the flat fixed up today, Mrs. H.”
It was now late afternoon and they had progressed to a small experiment involving baking soda and vinegar. John was staying in the sitting room, newspaper and tea in hand. He wanted Sherlock and Liz to bond, and he didn’t want to be the one to clean up the experiment when it inevitably erupted.
“Oh, Liz, it’s okay,” John soothed, reaching down to pick her up from Sherlock’s arms. “I think it’s time we went home.”
“Because you are after my child and I do not appreciate it.” He scrutinized the woman for a moment. “How much are they paying you?”
“Whoa!” Sherlock yelped as she slipped out of John’s grasp. If not for Sherlock, she would have fallen to the floor. As it was, her legs flopped to the floor while her body landed in Sherlock’s lap.
“Liz, come look at this!” Rose said, grabbing her hand and flitting over to a window filled with what looked like sweets, as well as a display of pink fluffy creatures. “This is my uncle’s shop,” Rose said. “He’s pretty cool.”
“I could have punched him first.” At John’s disapproving look, Sherlock blushed. “Sorry. I could have told the D.I. what the imbecile was doing, ask that he be removed from the crime scene.”
Sherlock looked at him for a moment. “I believe we have tea. In the kitchen.” He looked over at the kitchen thoughtfully but seemed in no rush to get up and find out if they actually did have tea. John regarded him for a moment before getting up and heading to the kitchen, a small smile still playing on his lips. Moments later Sherlock heard the kettle click on and John rummaging around in his kitchen, cupboard doors opening and closing.
“Don’t think of it as a bad thing,” his mother insisted. “Think of it as an opportunity to help ameliorate the functioning of society as a whole.”
“Of course you do, don’t be ridiculous,” Mycroft said. “But look inside the box. There’s another piece.”
“Yes, but you didn’t need to react the way you did.” John gently felt Sherlock’s nose, feeling for breaks. “That’s broken,” he confirmed, turning and digging an ice pack out of the first aid kit. “Here,” he handed it to Sherlock. “How could you have handled the situation differently?” If Sherlock was going to act like a child, he would be treated like one. Although John was still annoyed at him and his behavior, treating his broken nose had helped calm John somewhat.
“Before I and your father were blessed with you and your brother, we were approached by the government and offered a chance to be part of an experiment. This experiment was designed to create a new generation, a better generation, a more peaceful generation. It was intended to create harmony between humans by genetically pre-disposing them to working better together. We decided to partake in the opportunity presented to us.” As scientists themselves, the Holmes’ had jumped at the chance to be part of such a ground-breaking experiment.
“Why didn’t they send you home straight after this happened?” Mycroft asked, tamping down the fury bubbling in his throat.
Holy moly it's been a while. I've been suuuuuuuper busy and wrote this to avoid writing three research papers, but everything will wrap up around the end of April so hopefully I'll be posting more regularly. I'm not sure where this story is going, it's kind of writing itself at this point. If there's anything you want to see or that you think would be a great idea, feel free to leave it in the comments. I may not take all/any of the ideas/suggestions, but they're nice to have. Thanks for reading!
“Tedious, although we have gotten a little closer to finding out who attacked us. Nothing I can divulge.”
“Sit,” he said, pointing to the sofa and Sherlock complied, sitting and looking curiously at John. John lifted Sherlock’s phone and unlocked it, hitting Mycroft’s contact information.
He was now in the process of building the crib, which had come in a flat-pack box. “I’m a genius, and I cannot for the life of me figure out where this stupid piece is supposed to go,” Mycroft said, brandishing a long piece of wood uselessly. “Do you know where this goes?” he asked Jackie, who giggled and clapped. “You, my dear, are completely useless,” he said with a soft smile towards her, not meaning it.
“Didn’t ask. Heard crying,” he answered as they pulled up to the front of the daycare. John pushed the door open and stopped dead in his tracks.
“You seem like the type to need a strong hand,” the woman behind him said. “The kind who needs to be… shown… how to obey.”
“John,” Sherlock called softly from the doorway. “John,” he called a little louder. He moved to the end of the bed. “John, wake up!” he called. “John, it’s me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock fell more and more limp as the strikes continued and at number fifteen, he let out a bodily sob. John immediately stopped. “Do you need to use your safeword?” John asked, leaving his hand hovering in the air.
“Continuing on,” John said, hefting the list once more. They worked their way further down the list.
“Mmm, I did the same for Harry when we were younger. I won’t put you fully under since we haven’t discussed limits or contracts or anything, but this is nice.”
“Okay, up over my knee now,” John said, pulling away and sitting on the edge of the bed. “You’re not being punished, so you don’t need to count. Just enjoy it, love.”
The D.I. regarded Sherlock for a moment. “Sure.” He motioned him under the tape, but when John tried to follow he held his hand up.
They quickly made their escape, exiting onto the street and hailing a cab. The realtor gave an address to the cabbie, and they were off, Mycroft and Greg in the back seat and the realtor in the front. When they arrived at their destination, Mycroft led the way to the front door, Greg falling next and the realtor bringing up the rear. When he reached the door, Mycroft stepped aside, letting the realtor pull out the key and unlock the door. She held the door open for both of them and Mycroft gave a polite nod of thanks.
Liz pointed to her ribs, where a large dark bruise was forming. John winced in sympathy and gently ran his hands over the bruise. He kept his touch light as he felt around the area.
“I bad,” she murmured. “I bad, I bad, I-“ she pushed futilely at John’s arms, her eyes locking on the prone form. “Mommy!”
“Ta,” John said kindly to the receptionist, taking Liz’s hand and leading both of them out of the building and down to the car below.
“Good,” John replied just as quietly. “We’re here,” he added, looking up at the lit window of the flat.
“Well, we should probably lay her down,” Greg moved into the living room and laid her on the sofa, Mycroft trailing behind. “Do you have a tissue? We’re going to need a tissue.”
“The people behind us have guns,” he whispered in Greg’s ear. “Stay calm and go straight to the car. My people are on their way.” They walked a little faster, but the couple drew even with them easily.
Sherlock stood and wrapped his arm around John’s waist. “Agreed. Thank you,” he said with finality to the woman, and they turned and joined Hermione and Mycroft, who were waiting for them a little ways away from the throng of people.
Liz nodded. John set about making tea, listening idly to Sherlock and Hermione chatting in the living room. John loaded the tea onto a tray and prompted the tray to float in front of him so that he could reach out and pick Liz up. They moved into the living room, and John sent the tray to the coffee table while he sat down with Liz on the sofa on his lap.
“I look forward to it,” Greg chuckled. Then he turned serious. “That is what you’re looking for here, isn’t it? Exclusivity? A future, whatever it may look like?” Mycroft admired Gregory’s straightforward attitude.
“I will,” Mycroft said. They got out to the car, a non-descript black four-door, and Mycroft slung the diaper bag into the back before getting in on the driver’s side. Greg sat in the passenger’s side, Jackie firmly on his lap.
“We hadn’t talked about it,” John said, shooting a look at Sherlock. “But I’d like to move back in 221B. We couldn’t very well leave you, could we Mrs. H?” John asked with a small smile. “We’ll stay at mine while we fix the flat upstairs, then I’ll probably sell it.”
Mycroft nodded. It was the same one he had initially rescued Jackie from. After the botched recon mission, his people had not been able to secure the facility.
“Of course, love.” John stood, keeping an arm wrapped tightly around Sherlock. They made their way to the kitchen and John quickly got their sandwiches out of the fridge, Sherlock plastered to his side the entire time. They wound up back in their original positions with John sitting on the sofa and Sherlock kneeling at his feet, but this time Sherlock was leaning against John’s knee.
“Thanks,” John said, sitting at the kitchen table. John reached out with his free hand and cupped Sherlock’s face. “You okay?”
“Very,” Greg sighed, wrapping his arms around Mycroft’s neck and his legs around his waist. Mycroft felt Greg’s muscles relax as he tucked his head into the crook of Mycroft’s neck. They stayed like that for a few minutes until Greg started getting cold and sticky.
Hermione looked sad. “Hi Liz,” she echoed, kneeling down so that she was at eye-level with her. “My name’s Hermione and I’m here to help you.”
After John left, Liz shifted so that she was curled up on the opposite end of the sofa from Sherlock. He reached out and plucked John’s laptop from the coffee table, shifting it so that Liz wouldn’t be able to see it. He typed in “signs of child abuse” and started navigating through all the different websites.
Hermione paused for a moment before pulling out a small card. “My mobile number. I’ve got a daughter, she’s about Liz’s age. Maybe, if she’s feeling up to it, we could all get together sometime.”
“Da! Da!” Jackie picked up two blocks and banged them together, grinning the entire time. Greg’s head poked back around the doorframe.
“Yes, I know he’s silly,” Greg agreed. “Now, I believe it is time to feed you. I think Daddy will be out for a little while yet. We’ll nip quickly down to the kitchen to get you a bottle and some munchies, stop by the sitting room for toys, and take up residence here, how does that sound?”
“What the bloody hell?” a familiar voice came from the doorway. John turned and saw Greg and another constable standing in the doorway.
“Hello there!” a perky, middle aged woman called from the register. She had grey-blonde hair done up in a high tower and light wrinkle lines around her eyes and mouth. “Can I help you gentlemen?”
“Let’s sit down.” John walked over to the sofa, arm still around Liz. They sat down, Liz in the middle of the sofa. Sherlock paused at his chair before moving to sit on the other side of Liz. Hermione took John’s chair, turning it so that she could face them.
“I’ll be right back, I’m going to go grab Sherlock,” John said. He went into their bedroom and was greeted with the sight of Sherlock, robe on and sitting on the edge of the bed. “Hey, love,” he whispered, walking to the edge of the bed and standing between Sherlock’s legs. He cupped his face in his hands. “Still waking up?”
“But he did adopt her, you’re right on that front. We just got so excited about our first vacation together that we forgot to take her car seat on the plane with us,” Greg explained.
“Well, no,” the boy admitted, looking warily between the two of them. Draining his champagne glass, he held it up and declared “I’m for another. Maybe they’ll have pulled beer from somewhere, I could really do with a good pint right now. You boys want anything?”
“Yes,” John answered, pulling the paper closer and picking up a crayon. He idly started doodling little animals. Sherlock followed John’s example and picked up another crayon, taking his own paper and beginning to doodle.
“Go on up, wait for me on the sofa,” John ordered, pulling out his wallet and handing the cabbie the required fare. Then he got out, following Sherlock’s footsteps and entering their flat, spotting the detective waiting for him on the sofa, tissue soaked through with blood.
“Because I feel I performed inadequately at my job today and, as a result, someone got permanently injured.”
“Alright, little one. Once I’m done this we’ll take a break.” And Mycroft got back to work, building the crib with less difficulty. He made sure to keep an eye on Jackie, who crawled over to him at one point and sat beside him, watching him assemble her crib.
“Yeah, not really my concern at the moment,” he answered, looking pointedly at the bundle of skin and bones currently cradled in his arms. “I might also have a theory about all of this.”
They walked hand in hand to the kitchen. When they got there, they saw Liz patiently waiting for them at the kitchen table, the three plates set in front of each chair.
“Stop that,” John said. “You, sir, are on your way to a spanking.” John grabbed both of Sherlock’s arms and bodily lifted. Sherlock whined louder and went limp, dragging John back down onto the bed with him. “That’s it,” John said. “You’re getting a spanking.”
“Sherlock, you must get over your aversion to the dom sub dynamic. Obviously, don’t settle for someone who you think will boss you around and disrespect you. It’s literally in your genes, and it’s something you’re going to have to accept. But I thought that was a given, dear brother, and didn’t need to be said out loud. Clearly I was wrong.” Mycroft looked at Sherlock with a mixture of concern and what Sherlock hesitated to call affection. He was equal parts touched and annoyed at the emotions playing over his brother’s face, and silently thanked the lord when Greg walked up.
“Yes, Gregory.” Mycroft placed his hand on top of Greg’s for a moment before letting go. The last thing he noticed before falling asleep was Gregory’s slightly unsteady swagger as he left the room.
Floating on the small buzz that started to work its way into his system, Mycroft closed his eyes and tried to clear his mind for a few moments.
“Yes, please,” Mycroft said. Mycroft handed over his credit card and the transaction was completed quickly.
“Yup! Now do I get to see my present?” Greg grinned up at Mycroft, and Mycroft couldn’t help but imagine Greg in a set of footie pajamas grinning up at him. They may need to have another discussion about age play soon.
Greg picked up the tray when they were both done, putting on the floor beside the bed. “So, what now?” he asked.
“Why not, it will make it easier to avoid all the oppressive doms in here,” Sherlock sighed. Dropping their glasses on one of the many tables scattered about, they exited through a set of giant doors and onto the terrace lit by twinkling fairy lights.
“Of course I am,” Sherlock hiccupped between sobs. “I would have safe worded if I wasn’t.” Sherlock’s breaths were coming easier now and the tears were slowing. “This is good, I needed the emotional release,” Sherlock admitted quietly after a few moment.
“Gorgeous,” Mycroft repeated, cupping Greg’s chin in his hand and tilting his head up. “Now Greg, we are about to start a scene. Are you okay with that?”
Still avoiding writing my uni research papers that are due in a week! So here's another chapter! It's amazing how I can hammer out 4000+ words of fanfic in a couple of days but can't do a 2000 word research paper in two weeks.
“Alright, so we’ve agreed on four hours of sleep and two meals a day,” John said decisively. Sherlock sighed but acquiesced. He knew John was only being this stubborn because he cared about his health. “And thank you for taking this seriously, Sherlock. It means a lot to me.”
“Yes,” Hermione agreed, beckoning the two wizards behind her forward. “Memory charms on everyone, fix the mirror and clean up the paint and toys. That should suffice.”
“Alright,” Mycroft said, in control of the situation once more. Looking around, he saw only one other group at another table a few feet away and glared at them until he was sure they weren’t staring. Satisfied, he turned back to Greg, whose pupils had blown wide. “Jealous type, huh?” he asked, voice a little rough.
“Oh, The Witch who Couldn’t See! That’s one of my favourites,” Rose said excitedly. “It’s about a witch who gest cursed by a wizard and has to find a counter-curse to get her sight back. It’s really quite exciting!”
“You too,” she said with a small smile. Greg ushered his children out the door, loading them and their bags into his car. On the drive to his and Mycroft’s flat, Charlie and Alice caught Greg up on all he had missed in the last week. When they got to the flat, Greg unloaded the car while Charlie and Alice raced inside, quite familiar with the layout. Greg had moved into Mycroft’s flat as soon as they had returned to London and, in the few months between then and now, they had had Charlie and Alice over a number of times.
They walked out of the store and back to the car. When they got there, Greg loaded the carrier and car seat into the back of the car. “Let’s try her out in this, shall we?” Greg asked Mycroft.
Greg decided to bite the bullet. “Yeah, this is Mycroft Holmes, brother of Sherlock Holmes. He is also my partner.”
“Poor thing,” John answered. “Well I’d best get going. We’ll see you soon, and if you ever need babysitters, feel free to ask Sherlock and I.”
Mycroft chuckled gently. “It was honestly my pleasure, my dear.” Mycroft slid his hand to the back of Greg’s head and cradled it against his shoulder.
“Yes, of course.” Mycroft handed Jackie to Greg, who cradled her in the crook of his arm and rocked gently, cooing at her. Her crying hiccupped for a moment as she took in the new person in front of her.
“It’ll be good for her to have a friend,” John agreed, and they sat there until John couldn’t keep his eyes open anymore, and then Sherlock took him to bed.
“David’s gone out to pick up food for Monday.” It was late Saturday afternoon, and Greg and Mycroft would have the kids until Monday morning.
“Come, let’s go.” Hermione stood up and turned to her colleagues. “Finish up here and we’ll meet back at the office, alright?”
“You really do play beautifully,” John said when he recognized what Sherlock was humming. “I’d like it if you played for me sometime.”
She cried for a few more minutes before her breathing evened out and she fell asleep, still curled on John’s lap.
“Don’t stop walking,” a delicate feminine voice hissed in his ear. “We don’t want to cause any trouble for this small town, do we?”
“Brother, lovely to see you too. It appears that the documents that were stolen from the victim are of a sensitive nature. The government has sent me to take over the investigation.”
They did all the aisles, Jackie drawing attention from most of the females and some of the males in the store. This meant that Gregory was constantly stopping to make conversation with strangers while Mycroft would alternately look at food on the shelves or stand by the cart, watching Gregory field questions like a pro. It took them about three times as long to get through the grocery store because of it, but Mycroft couldn’t bring himself to care.
“Stop her!” John shouted, pointing at the woman they were pursuing. In short time they pulled even with her, and John reached out and grabbed the woman’s arm. “You’re under arrest!” he shouted, twisting her arm behind her back.
“Yes, well, Gregory and I are going looking at flats early tomorrow morning and I would like to be well rested.”
“I’m going to kiss you now,” John murmured, rocking forward onto the balls of his feet. Slowly, he slipped his hand behind Sherlock’s neck and threaded his fingers through the curls at the nape. Looking deep into Sherlock’s eyes, John closed the small gap and rested his lips on Sherlock, just holding them there for a second. When he got no adverse reaction, he started moving his lips, shuffling forward until one of his feet rested between Sherlock’s. This allowed him to wrap his other hand around Sherlock’s shoulder, pulling him down towards him. Sherlock gasped as John started moving his lips, grabbing onto John’s waist for dear life. This was his first kiss and he was desperately trying to catalogue every new feeling and texture and thrill that went through him. His John room was steadily become more populated, the bookshelves and walls becoming fuller. John pulled away slowly, lightly running his nails over the nape of Sherlock’s neck.
Mycroft, meanwhile, was sitting on the sofa, waiting to hear Greg still. When he didn’t hear any more tossing and turning from the bedroom, Mycroft stood and went to the kitchen. He knew exactly where Greg kept the liquor and he took out the bottle of scotch he had gotten Greg for their one-month anniversary. He could replace it later. Moving back into the sitting room, Mycroft sat on the sofa and took a long sip from the bottle, reflecting on the hellish day he had had. As he re-watched the three innocent men fall to their death, he took another long pull from the bottle. In those two drinks, he had already consumed about a third of the bottle.
“I don’t know, the same as Rose or Albus I suppose,” she shrugged. “I wouldn’t mind being in Gryffindor, like Da and Hermione and Ron and Harry.”
“I think we can make a plea for your independence, if it comes to it,” Mycroft said confidently. “And really, you could move in with Gregory and I, if it came down to it.”
Greg spun on his heel, just missing Sherlock reaching out and taking John’s blanket-wrapped hand in his own. He stalked towards his police cruiser, but was stopped by Sally.
“Hi there,” a friendly looking dark haired boy sidled up beside them. “Mind if I join you here? I need a break.” Both Sherlock and Mycroft looked the boy up and down.
With that, Mycroft clicked off his phone, letting out a soft curse under his breath. “We’re going on another field trip,” Mycroft told Jackie as he texted his driver. He assembled a diaper bag, making sure he had a container of baby cereal and a divertissement for Jackie. Then he dressed her, slipping a tiny pair of jeans and a short sleeve shirt over her onesie. Taking out the papousse, he took a moment to figure out how it worked and strapped on and then got Jackie securely in it. Double checking that he had everything, Mycroft quickly exited, locked up his flat and rode the elevator to the first floor. Getting out, Mycroft exited through the lobby, nodding at the doorman on his way out and ducking into his waiting car.
Greg hummed thoughtfully. “Are you a plot man or an action man?” he asked, scrutinizing Mycroft. Mycroft shrugged helplessly in response. “I think an action man. There’s no plot out there you wouldn’t be able to call. Seen any Bond films?”
“That will be all, thank you,” Mycroft dismissed him. The driver left without another word, closing the door quietly behind him. “Food first, I think,” Mycroft said to Jackie, finding the formula in the bags and quickly making a bottle for her. Efficiently he cradled Jackie in one arm, feeding the bottle to her with the other hand and rocking her. When she was halfway through the bottle, there was knock on the door. Mycroft went to open it and was greeted with the sight of two men in overalls.
“Wrap your arms around my neck. There’s a good lad.” Sherlock’s breath slid out shakily from between his lips at the praise. When he was securely attached, John slid his hands under Sherlock knees and scooped him up. John was eminently grateful that Sherlock’s room was on the same level as the sitting room, so it took him only a few moments to get Sherlock into his room. Putting him down on the bed, John sat him on the side of the bed and pulled back the blankets, sliding Sherlock underneath them and tucking the blankets around him. “Sherlock? I’m gonna go now.” John brushed an errant curl off of Sherlock’s forehead.
The D.I. heaved a big sigh. “Look, we’re really in the shit here so I’ll let him on. But one toe out of line…” the D.I. pointed threateningly at both boys.
They had reached the front of the queue and they ordered their respective drinks, Sherlock pulling out his card and swiping it. They gathered the drinks and moved to a two-person table situated by the window. They were quiet, each absorbed in their own thoughts. They sat, John restlessly checking his phone every five minutes, for about half an hour. Just when Sherlock thought he was going to go crazy and snap the phone in half, it started ringing, and John frantically fumbled with it for a moment before hitting the accept button.
Liz nodded, looking around again before turning and leading the way out the door, having lost interest.
“No, but you are my submissive and that means that you must listen to me.” Mycroft took a step closer to Greg.
John landed the first one gently, more of a warning than an actual spank. The next few were harder, John making sure Sherlock could feel it through the nappy. The next handful were harder, to get the message across. When he was done, Sherlock was openly sobbing, snot and tears running down his face and into the comforter. His face was buried in his arms as his body wracked with sobs.
“Brilliant,” he said handing them to Jackie. She grabbed them, jingling them happily. “Yes, that’s fun,” he cooed.
“Well next time let me know if you’re related to anyone on the case.” There was no sting to the D.I.’s words.
John and Sherlock bid the family goodnight shortly after they had finished eating and Mycroft got Jackie down for the night quickly after that. Ten o’clock found Mycroft and Greg in the sitting room, hiding chocolate eggs and wrapping little Easter presents for each child.
“Good boy,” Mycroft praised, raking his nails roughly along Greg’s scalp. The pain was as much pleasure as it was punishment. He then reached for a carrot stick and snapped it in half, holding out a piece towards Greg. “Keep your hands behind your back. I’m going to feed you,” he told him.
“Ah, it appears it is time for me to go,” Sherlock said, inclining his head towards Mycroft. John glanced the way Sherlock indicated. Without another word Sherlock turned and followed Mycroft to the car, dodging elbows and flailing hands as they wove through the gathered dominants and submissives.
They were at it again two weeks later, on one of the rare evenings they were both free. This time they were at a significantly larger flat with a sitting room, a master bedroom, a guest bedroom and two bathrooms. Slick mahogany covered the floor, providing a counter point to the stainless steel lining the kitchen. It was all very slick and new and very much to Mycroft’s liking.
Mycroft looked skeptical for a moment. “I will be working with my staff via phone for most of the afternoon.”
“Mmm. No. You are eating. You have five seconds to put down that folder and come eat. One.” Sherlock’s hands twitched on the folder, but he didn’t move.
The quiet didn’t last long, however, when Liz started moaning, her brow furrowed. Her head shook minutely from one side to the other, and her mouth formed a sad little moue. Her breathing picked up and soon her moans turned to louder whimpers. A steady course of tears started streaming down her face as if a faucet had been turned on, and she started sobbing and blindly pushing at John’s arms.
“I could’ve sworn…” he mumbled, brow furrowing into a frown. He took a step into the closet, feeling along the walls for hidden seams or hinges. As he was nearing the corner he heard a whimper. He jumped back in surprise when he saw a little girl cowering in the corner. “Bloody hell!”
“I love the stars,” John said quietly after a moment, gently breaking the silence. Sherlock looked over at him.
“You like that?” Mycroft asked, picking it up off the shelf. It was a sandy brown, a little bigger than his hand and softer than sin. He handed it to Jackie, who wrapped her arms around it immediately. “Anything else that catches your eye?” But Jackie was enthralled with the bear now, rubbing her face in the soft fur. Mycroft smiled softly and then an idea occurred to him. Pulling out his phone, he quickly clicked a photo and sent it to Anthea, pocketing the phone once more and pushing forward. He spotted blocks with letters and pictures on all sides. Taking a set off the shelf, he put it in the shopping cart. Beside that set was another set, a set of blocks with the periodic elements on them.
“That’s a good start,” John said as he re-entered the room carrying the first-aid kit and sat on the coffee table, facing Sherlock. “And you’re welcome. As we agreed, professional lives stay distinctly separate from our personal lives. Anything about your attitude?” John gently removed the tissue from Sherlock’s hand, placing it beside him on the coffee table. His nose had stopped bleeding.
Greg sighed in defeat. “Sorry,” he said to the realtor who was politely waiting by the door. “It doesn’t look like this is the one.”
Mycroft was already texting on his phone. “We’ll Apparate a few streets away in an alley and follow her on foot from there.” Both he and Hermione stood, Hermione folding the map and slipping it in a pocket of her robes. Mycroft finished his text and put away his phone.
“Shut it,” Greg said with no bite behind his words. He crawled on top of the sheets, still fully clothed.
“What shall we pick?” Greg asked playfully to Jackie as he bounced her in his arms. “Any preferences, Mycroft?”
“I know a great place a couple blocks away. Follow me.” John took off down the street, Sherlock falling easily into step beside him. They walked in amiable silence for about a block, Sherlock with his hands tucked comfortably in his pockets and John letting his arms swing free. As they were reaching the second intersection they noticed flashing lights up ahead. “What’s that?” John asked as they neared the lights.
“Jesus,” John breathed, sloughing off his coat and hanging it on the hook by the door. He took a cleansing breath, bracing himself for the battle he was about to face.
Thank you so much for reading! Real life is starting to kick me in the pants, and I can safely say that updates will be spotty at best for the next six weeks, as I'm in rehearsals for a show six nights a week on top of school. I promise I won't give up on it though, and don't you give up on it either!
“Yes, Daddy’s run off to catch the bad guys, he’ll be back shortly hopefully,” Greg said, unsure if she could understand any of what he was saying.
“They tried,” Greg admitted. “I insisted that I stay and finish the paperwork; I didn’t want to be home alone for that long.”
“Bart’s,” he told the driver. He was silent on the ride over, playing absentmindedly with Jackie’s hands and feet as he let himself float in his thoughts.
“Of course not,” John chuckled. “You have your own life that you lead. I may have ground rules around eating and sleeping, but those are things we can negotiate as we go. And it won’t be anything ridiculous, I promise. We’ll write out a contract and everything.”
“No, thank you,” he said quietly, pushing her hand back towards her mouth. “You eat that one.” He grabbed another one to eat for himself. “See, I’ve got my own.” Jackie finished eating her cracker, watching Greg eat his. When she was done, Greg put her on the floor with some of her toys. He let her crawl around for about an hour, keeping an eye between her and Mycroft. Mycroft barely moved, twitching a few times in his sleep but otherwise still very much asleep.
“Yes, I think she’s starting to feel better now, thankfully.” Mycroft suctioned each nostril again before picking her up and holding her close. “Thank you for helping,” Mycroft said. “Can I get you some tea?”
“Yes, she was just getting to that part,” Mycroft smirked at Greg. “Thank you,” he said as he took the mug Greg offered. He drank the tea quickly, taking a painkiller with it.
“That’s what I was hoping you’d say.” Mycroft dragged Greg back to him, towering over Greg once more. He rested one knee beside Greg’s thigh on the chair, caging him in.
When he had finished he knelt beside the bed, watching John as he pulled out their box of toys. John put the box on the bed and started pulling out items. He laid a riding crop, a flogger, and a paddle out on the bed, as well as a set of leather cuffs. He left everything else in the box, but kept it on the bed in case they ended up using more.
“I know so.” Greg reached for the bag of eggs, unwrapping one and popping it in his mouth. He offered the bag to Mycroft, who took one and unwrapped it delicately before putting it in his mouth.
“Alright, here we go.” John took both Sherlock’s hands, lifting so that he was standing. Then, he took the tape off the nappy and removed it, throwing it in the garbage. “Climb in,” John prompted, urging Sherlock into the bath and helping him lower himself. When Sherlock was happily seated in the water, John dumped the toys into the bath. Sherlock scrambled to grab as many mermaids as he could, splashing and making them swim in the water. John grinned at his boy, who was finally happy. John wet a flannel, running it efficiently over Sherlock’s muddy legs and feet. He worked his way up towards Sherlock’s crotch, taking extra care to wipe any excess urine off his thighs. He continued over Sherlock’s chest and back, not too worried about thoroughly cleaning him. He let the water roll of Sherlock’s back, watching the streams trickle down his spine. Sherlock wiggled at the sensation, glaring at John.
“So I was thinking that maybe we could wander down Diagon Alley and stop at anything that grabs the girls’ attention. Then maybe we could grab dinner at the Hog’s Head later.”
“Well, I told you if you told me what I wanted to know you would walk out of here. I’d like to offer you and your team a place among my staff, if you are interested.”
“Of course,” John chuckled, awkwardly shifting them both around so that he could get the blanket out from under them and maneuver it so that it was draped on top of them. “Better?” he asked when he was done.
Greg spent the next few hours making the beds, opening the shutters and keeping Jackie entertained. Because she had already had a nap in the car, she was wide-eyed and alert as she watched Greg bustle happily around the house. Greg always found he was happier when he had something to do.
Without further ado the D.I. held up the yellow tape, allowing John to duck under and join them on the other side. Without looking back, Sherlock stalked over to the body and crouched down, eyes flicking over and around it.
“Why is it you like serving so much?” John asked, putting his pen down and running his hand through Sherlock’s hair beside him.
Mrs. Hudson and John re-entered the living room at around the same time, armed with tea and biscuits. They all sat and chatted, Mrs. Hudson telling Sherlock and John all the gossip she had garnered from her weekly bridge meet. Liz sat quietly, nibbling on a chocolate biscuit.
“No, Mummy!” she cried, legs curling up towards herself. “I be good, I be good!” she sobbed and reached out, batting at something unseen. “I good,” she repeated over and over between sobs.
“Of course,” Mycroft lifted Jackie gently from the bed and moved her up to his chest, careful to keep her off his stomach. Sherlock placed one hand under her bum and wrapped the other around her back, holding her securely. Leaning down, he put his nose to her hair and inhaled. He closed his eyes and exhaled as he leaned back into the pillow, his breathing quickly evening out even as his hands stay steady on Jackie.
“Yeah, Daddy was in an idiot who got himself shot and now he’s asleep,” Greg said to Jackie. “Sometimes he’s very smart but very stupid, all at the same time. He’s quite the oxymoron.”
“We would never give you to anyone,” John said firmly. “And we are not angry, we promise. You are ours, forever and always, alright?”
“Well, it is what will become the foundation of our relationship, in a way. Best to get my two cents in while I can.”
They were in a small one-level house, all crammed into the small sitting room that had been cordoned off with crime scene tape. The body was a male, surrounded by a pool of blood. There was also blood splattered up one of the bare white walls.
“Yes, she had a bit of a fever when I… when she joined me,” he said. “She was checked out by a trusted paramedic and she said baby paracetamol for the fever, which I did. The fever seems to have gone down.” Mycroft tried to tamp down the note of panic he could feel creeping into his voice.
Mycroft brought the glass to his lips, taking a small sip. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
“Looks good,” John said finally, giving her belly a tickle. She giggled and squirmed in Sherlock’s hands. “Give Mycroft his baby back, Sherlock,” John said. “We’ll see you two in a few days so that I can check on both of you again, alright?” John asked.
“It’s Jackie’s file,” Mycroft told him. “I found her a day ago in a research facility and rescued her. It says in the file that she was an orphan that the company got hold of because she was small and underdeveloped for her age, and they were working on some sort of genetic experiment to help with baby growth. Thankfully she was sick with a cold, which she still hasn’t managed to kick, and they hadn’t done any experiments on her yet.” Mycroft was carefully controlling the anger that was boiling up inside him.
Dashing towards the exit, Mycroft took out his gun once more and kept it at his side, ready to take aim if the need arose. He got out of the room and started sprinting towards the nearest exit, pulse pounding in his ears and drowning out any other noise. As he turned the corner, he spotted a guard at the other end of the hall running towards him. He swung back around the corner, cursing quietly as he tried to think of another way out. Making a decision, he sat the baby on the floor beside him.
“Well then we can make the beds and open the shutters. Nothing to it, and we’ve got a whole afternoon to fill.”
“Sir?” he heard the agent ask from a distance. Dimly he realized he was about to lose consciousness and bent his knees, trying to lessen the distance between him and the floor. A last lance of pain cut through his thigh and his last thought was of how angry Gregory was going to be.
“She had a cold when I first got her, but recovered normally and since then nothing out of the ordinary has happened.” He hated the inane chatting but needed to know as much as possible about what was running through his child.
Thank you for reading. This will probably not be the end, I'll probably make this a series and add one-shots. Please let me know if you have any prompts/things you'd like to see in this universe. Thank you for reading :)
“I’ve heard of it, but I’ve never had the opportunity to experience it. I don’t know that I’m eager to repeat it.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said without hesitation. “I signed up for that the minute I made my vow. Whatever you need, whenever you need, I will be here for you.”
“Very good,” Mycroft praised. Jackie let out a little giggle before a blank look washed over her face, followed by a furrowing of her small brow. “What’s the matter?” Mycroft asked. The other two men were watching him and Jackie, and Greg let out a little chuckle.
“Thanks,” Sherlock flashed a smile before scooping up the glass and wandering away. He situated himself in a corner, hoping to keep his back protected. Lifting the glass to his lips, Sherlock let the liquid tip past and heat it’s way down his throat and into his stomach. A sigh escaped as he pulled out his phone and fiddled around on it, hoping not to draw attention to himself. Thus he was caught by surprise when a throat cleared beside him.
The D.I. nodded, simultaneously happy that the case was solved and that Sherlock and John would be going home to deal with whatever the hell it was they had to deal with. “Okay, we’ll take a look and let you know.”
“I would be delighted.” Mycroft turned to Sherlock. “I have my phone on me if you need a quick extraction from a sticky situation, otherwise I’ll see you at eleven thirty.”
“Yes, well we’re not all as brilliant as you,” John answered. “Come on, the day’s not getting any younger.” John led the way into the daycare. They were greeted at the door by a young blonde woman with a long braid that went all the way down her back.
Slowly she pulled her face away from his neck, but kept her arms locked around it. Her face was a mess of snot and tears, hair sticking to one cheek.
“Good, then,” Mycroft decided. He fed her the rest of the container to Jackie, happy that he had found something she liked to eat. When they had finished, he sat her on the floor, threw out the container and rinsed the spoon, putting it away.
Meanwhile across the city, John and Sherlock were stationed in 221B, perched on either end of the sofa as they did a quick back and forth.
Mycroft noticed Greg sitting on the sofa, seemingly lost in thought and decided not to disturb him for the time being. Instead, Mycroft hung his coat and went into the kitchen, making two teas and banging the utensils particularly loud to alert Greg to his presence.
When John emerged from the bedroom, he saw Sherlock and Liz sitting on the sofa in the living room, telly on some type of cartoon.
“You were just protecting yourself,” John reassured her, voice tight. He was trying to remain calm through the red haze that had descended. “You are not bad. You are very, very good.”
“She throwed a picture frame at me. After I made the pictures move. Whenever there was lights in my bed, she put me in the closet.”
Greg was still seething, four hours later. He had put Jackie down to sleep about an hour ago and was now furiously scrubbing every surface in the kitchen in hopes of working out some of his anger and frustration. He couldn’t believe that Mycroft would leave and put his life in danger without thinking it through first. This line of thought led him to scrub even harder on the sink tap, which came off in his hand.
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes before putting his phone back in his pocket and climbing the stairs behind Mycroft to their parents’ front door. Mycroft rang the doorbell and moments later the door swung open. Wafting out of the house was the succulent smell of roast beef and potatoes, one of Sherlock’s favourite meals and one of the few his mother knew he would actually finish.
“Oh, shit.” Springing up, Mycroft ran to the abandoned pile and looked around the room devoid of any furniture. “Bugger.”
Sara glared at him, jaw set determinedly. Mycroft ran his eyes over her, trying to deduce the best way to get information from her. She was strong-willed, he could see that very clearly. In her body language he saw a willingness to suffer for the cause she was working for, but also a hesitation. She clearly wasn’t willing to die for the cause, and in that Mycroft found a weakness.  But he knew he would have to wear her down before breaking her.
Sorry I've kind of gone AWOL, I went to Disneyworld on vacation and then I moved across the country, so it's been a stressful month. But now I'm jobless for another two weeks, and classes don't start until October, so hopefully I'll be writing a little more! Thanks for reading and sticking with it!
“No, no, this is fine,” Mycroft allowed. “Although for future reference, I prefer single malt whiskey or a good cabernet sauvignon.”
John took the lead, quickly getting a beer from the bar and steering Sherlock towards the outdoor terrace. “It’s a nice night, if you don’t mind going outside,” John said.
“Come on, Jaclynn, here we go, let’s go see Anthea,” he soothed as he rolled quickly out of bed, Jaclynn tucked securely to his chest. He padded to the kitchen, where Anthea was already waiting with a bottle of ORS and water; gratefully, he took the bottle from Anthea and cradled Jaclynn in one arm, the other coming up to press the nipple of the bottle to Jaclynn’s lips. Greedily she wrapped her lips around the nipple, sucking on the bottle. She finished half the bottle in under a minute and Mycroft wrestled it from her mouth, much to her displeasure.
“Well if you’re very good and do you’re homework, I may have a treat for you,” Mycroft murmured in his ear. Greg smiled brightly.
“Yes but I don’t know those people and therefore I don’t trust those people,” Greg said as if that explained everything.
“Do you want to have a relationship with me?” Greg felt a calm descend on him even as his stomach hollowed out.
John took a moment to look over Sherlock before nodding. “Alright,” he agreed. “Into the bedroom with us, then.” John made sure the flat door was locked before he followed Sherlock into the bedroom. “Trousers and shirt off and into the hamper, please, but keep your pants on.”
“This one’s nice,” Greg commented, sticking his hands in his pockets and wandering over to a painting of a skyline on one of the living room walls.
“They’re beautiful, Mycroft,” Greg said, eyes brighter than normal as he looked back down at the gift. “Can I put them on now?” Greg asked.
John, already frustrated by Sherlock’s stubbornness, felt himself grow more irate. “No, that’s the whole point! I mean, they’ve tried to write that into the DNA, but we don’t know if they’ve succeeded. And even if they have, that’s basics. It still changes person to person. This is a way to make this more pleasurable for you, and to ensure both your and my safety, Sherlock. Take it seriously, for God’s sake!”
“I can’t decide if I feel better or worse that she uses an owl to communicate with her friend,” Sherlock said thoughtfully, watching her retreat upstairs. “On the one hand, it keeps her off the internet and out of harm from online predators but on the other hand, she’s using one of the most outdated means of communication.” Sherlock wrinkled his nose.
“Bye bye,” Sherlock said sarcastically at his retreating form. Inwardly he exalted at having scared off a dom by himself. Taking a celebratory sip from his glass, Sherlock let it linger for a moment longer than strictly necessary.
“Yes, he’s fun.” Dr. Witter looked at his watch. “Liz, would you mind going out in the waiting room with Maisie for a minute?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but moved to the other side of Jackie. The rest of the family trooped in, each carrying a bowl or platter with food on it. They assembled in their seats around the table, Alice beside Sherlock, Charlie beside her at the other end of the table, and John and an empty seat on the other side of the table. Greg came in a moment later, putting down the ham and taking his seat.
Liz nodded hesitantly, turning back to the telly. She stuck her thumb into her mouth and leaned back into John, relaxing. Sherlock sat beside them, arm reaching out so that it was extended across the back of the sofa. They stayed like that all afternoon, Liz always holding on to one of them.
Although John was eternally grateful that they had allied themselves with a smart, tolerant D.I., he didn’t particularly enjoy when the D.I. and Sherlock went head to head. Sherlock drew himself up and John could tell things were going to get ugly quickly.
“Alright Alice, you next,” Greg said and Alice opened her present with almost as much vigor as Jackie. She revealed a coloring book and new set of coloring pencils.
“Well that’s handy then.” Greg poured himself another. “You’re good for her, you know?” When Mycroft didn’t answer, he continued. “Although this was sort of thrust upon you, you’ll make a wonderful father. You already are, and it’s only been a few days. Trust e, you are the best thing that could have happened to that baby.” Mycroft still didn’t answer, but his eyes got embarrassingly misty and he nodded. “So how was work this afternoon?” Greg asked to clear the tension, noticing his tongue getting a little heavier with the drink.
“More annoyed than I already am? I hardly think that’s possible.” Sherlock felt a small half-smile creep onto his face.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft nodded back. “I haven’t formally introduced you yet. Sherlock, meet Gregory Lestrade. Greg, this is my brother Sherlock.”
“I won’t ask,” Greg said. “Confidential, right?” Smiling, he leaned his arm across the back of the sofa, leaning closer to Mycroft and putting his hand on Mycroft’s leg comfortingly. He looked earnestly into Mycroft’s startled eyes, squeezing where his hand rested.
“That works for me.” John wrote it down. “This one you won’t like as much,” John warned, keeping a calming hand in Sherlock’s hair. “I’d like to discuss ground rules around eating and sleeping.”
They were at the local grocer again, picking up more food and other essentials, and picking up a DVD at Gregory’s insistence. He had mentioned something earlier about relaxing on the sofa with a good movie. Mycroft was again pushing the cart while Greg loaded it up.
“Sherlock, come sit down,” his mother said gently, scampering over to him and dragging him by the hand to the head of the table, the place of honor.
“Do you like Jammie Dodgers, Jackie?” Greg asked her, circling around the cart so that he was standing beside Mycroft.
“Here love dish up, don’t be shy,” his mother gushed, spooning out heaps of mashed potatoes onto Sherlock’s plate. Sherlock sat silently while his mother filled his plate.
“Sure.” They made their way to the coffee shop without further incident and spent the following hour chatting, learning more about each other. John insisted on paying and Sherlock got tired of arguing, and so allowed him to pay.
“Yup!” Alice agreed. Earlier that year, one of Charlie’s classmates had revealed the Easter bunny and Santa weren’t real, but after a discussion, Charlie had agreed to play along so that Alice could still believe in the Easter bunny. Plus, he still got chocolate.
“I found out where the rest of the woman’s team is,” he said. “My team and I have also discovered over the week that Jackie was indeed a test subject where we found her. She was apparently injected with some sort of super booster when she was first brought into their facility because she was small and sickly.” Mycroft looked down at the sleeping baby now cradled against his chest. “Lucky for us, it doesn’t seem to have had any adverse effects as of yet.”
“Is there any way you or Hermione could do a tracking spell? Does she have the Trace?” John asked as he gently removed a piece of glass from Sherlock’s palm. Blood welled and dripped slowly onto the floor as John put the glass on the table. Sherlock hissed but otherwise didn’t say anything.
“So, Liz, what happened?” Hermione asked, kneeling down so that she was eye-level with her. Liz kept her face tucked in John’s jumper.
“Gregory, please,” Mycroft called softly, knowing he needed to give his sub space to work things out on his own, but feeling his heart breaking at the sight of Greg’s distress.
They entered the small, cluttered shop. Wands lined every bit of wall space available, and dust hung thick in the air.
“Okay love, I think it’s time for cuddles in bed.” John gently took the ice pack out of Sherlock’s hand and scooped him up, carrying him to his bedroom and depositing him on the bed. “How’s your nose?”
"So I'll send care instructions to Anthea to pass along to you?" Marcia asked, a grin lighting up her features.
Sherlock watched John leave, feeling conflicted. He was sure that John would have a nightmare tonight and he wanted to be there for him, but didn’t want to overstep his bounds. He knew John had forgiven him countless times and was afraid that one more infraction would cause him to push Sherlock away. He decided he would give John space and not push his luck. He was fortunate enough to have gotten away with holding John’s hand earlier, which he was sure only happened because John was still processing the events of Sherrinford and hadn’t fully noticed.
“We know Mycroft and Hermione are both working on finding her. That’s something,” John said as he carefully applied the bandages. He pulled out a roll of gauze and wrapped a few layers around Sherlock’s hand. “Be gentle on the hand, please?” John asked futilely.
“He’s asleep. I got him down into a light subspace, so he’ll be sleeping it off for the next eight hours or so.”
They spent another half hour in the bookstore and, after John had fished Sherlock out from the stacks and paid for the large pile of books they had accumulated, they wandered back out down the street.
Mycroft and Sherlock go to their parents for dinner, where Mycroft makes an announcement. Then, Sherlock and John go on a date.
“Bye!” Greg called after them. “So Jackie said another word, huh?” Greg asked Mycroft after a moment.
“Good.” Mycroft lifted Greg’s paper so that he could read from it. “First, I’d like to address the aromas portion. You said you don’t like the idea of your heart and breathing being accelerated. I respect and understand that completely, but would you be opposed to me using scented oils and incense meant to relax?”
“Well you could sit, but you would have to get your pants off first which would have a larger chance of me getting a peek of something you don’t want me getting a peek at. It’s really your choice.”
“Now for the fun stuff,” he grinned at Jackie, who had been impressively silent throughout the first part of the shopping trip. “Let’s start at clothes.” He wheeled the cart to the baby clothing section. Frills, bright colours and frothy lace surrounded him. It was early enough in the morning that the children’s section was mostly empty, most parents at work or still at home with their young children. Mycroft headed to one of the racks and picked out onesies in a variety of plain colours, as well as various pairs of baby jeans and jumpers. He also picked out a Paddington Bear style raincoat.
“We’ll be proud of you no matter which house you end up in,” John reaffirmed, putting his hand on her knee.
Sherlock didn’t respond, staring resolutely at the people around him. Mycroft nodded once and wandered away, not looking back.
“Then we’ll fix it with a spell, or we’ll replace it,” John relied easily. “Everyone makes mistakes. Just last week, I broke a glass.”
There were few words in the world that John hated hearing come out of Sherlock’s mouth. Most of them were insults, and words that John knew would get his partner in trouble. It was unfortunate for John, then, that he was currently hearing most of that list trip out of Sherlock’s mouth.
The pair went back to gazing around the room, making comments and deductions to each other every once in a while.
“That was a lie. Would you like to try again?” Mycroft asked delicately. Greg’s hands squeezed into fists at his sides and he took a sharp breath in.
“No, of course not, they think I’m a British ambassador stationed in Canada who vacations here when my schedule allows.”
“This I can work with,” he said appreciatively. Opening the pantry, he noted shelves filled with crackers and canned food and drink. “Beans to eat, I think.” He pulled a can out of the pantry and, after a moment of searching, found a saucepan to dump the contents in. He put the saucepan on one of the burners and leaned on the counter beside the stove, arms crossed as he took in the sight of Mycroft who had followed Greg into the kitchen.
“No,” Sherlock whispered back, moving so he was on Liz’s other side. They could hear Mrs. Hudson’s steady tread on the stairs.
He squinted at the grainy footage showing on his screen, nose practically pressed to the glass. It was a live feed of all the entrances into the laboratory building that Mycroft was currently occupying. He was waiting for the guards to switch shifts before infiltrating one of the labs and retrieving important information. Standing still, he waited for another ten minutes, diligently watching the grainy feed and mentally cursing the shit quality.
“I’m too busy analyzing my reactions to truly enjoy them,” Sherlock admitted. “So instead of feeling it happen, I’m thinking about feeling it.”
“Look me in the eye,” Mycroft said forcefully. Reluctantly, Sherlock dragged his eyes upwards until they connected with Mycroft’s. “I promise I will do all I can to make sure you are happy, understand?” Mycroft’s hand slid to the back of Sherlock’s neck, keeping their eyes connected.
“Drink up,” Greg said, handing Mycroft the glass of water. Mycroft kept one hand supporting Jackie to his chest, taking the glass in the other. He quickly downed the glass, handing it back to Greg when he was done.
“How was your day?” Mycroft asked tentatively, turning and gingerly taking Greg’s hands in both of his.
Sherlock was more preoccupied with the cauldrons, humming at a particular glass one the size of a small bowl.
“Oh. Yes, I suppose that was somewhat admirable.” Sherlock sat in silence for a second. “So. You’re finding a new flat? With Gregory?” Sherlock looked at Mycroft out of the corner of his eyes and could feel Mycroft’s boring holes into the top of his head.
“It’s a little small,” Mycroft said, his nose turning up in disdain. They were looking at what was generously being called a flat, but was really more of a bachelor pad. It boasted a sitting room-kitchen-dining room combo with a door that led to a small bedroom-bathroom.
“Well, the D.I. said he was the owner of a bakery, evidenced by the flour on his pants. His shoes have mud on them but it hasn’t rained today so I’d say he was walking in a muddy area yesterday. I’d put time of death approximately twelve hours ago, and I think it’s safe to say he died here.”
John stood his ground. Liz was still nervous around new people, and John was leery of letting him in unannounced.
He saw blood and brain matter spattered against the wall. He lifted the bottle to his mouth, the nausea that he had recently escaped coming back full force and Mycroft was weak to prevent it. The contents of his stomach, which only consisted of expensive alcohol, started to come up and it was only by a miracle that Mycroft made it to the toilet before the burning liquid came back up, hitting the toilet bowl loudly. Mycroft tried to suppress the gagging and be as quiet as he could, but it was no use. He felt a cool hand on his forehead, which made him retch even more. The hand disappeared, and Mycroft thought he had been abandoned. A part of him figured he deserved it after the vile things he had done. When he finished retching, Mycroft leaned back. Tears had leaked out of his eyes while he was vomiting, and he scrubbed a hand across his face, wiping away any moisture there.
"She hasn't stopped crying," Mycroft commented as he handed her to Marcia so that he could remove his shirt. As soon as he lost contact with her, Jaclynn started panicking again, screaming and kicking and sobbing in Marcia's arms. Quickly Mycroft finished, taking Jaclynn back and bouncing her on his knees, trying to soothe her.
Sherlock grumbled for a moment. “Well if I must get punished, that is one way I don’t object to,” Sherlock said. “It is not something I enjoy, however. I would put it at a one.”
“Sure, maybe because you contacted me today I was put in danger but that doesn’t mean I’m not in danger every day. I track down killers with your loon of a brother. That puts me in danger.”
Sherlock was hot on his heels. They dashed down the street, the form in front of them shoving people out of the way as she weaved through the masses.
They ate in relative silence, the other three occupants of the table making odd small talk but not trying to draw Sherlock into the conversation. When they were finished eating, Mummy went to the kitchen and emerged with a chocolate cake, two candles shaped in a one and a four glowed merrily on top.
“Well, why don’t you each get your baskets and we’ll start this hunt,” Greg said. Both children scrambled to pick up the baskets that were sitting on the coffee table beside their presents. “And then we’ll do presents.” Alice whooped, picking up her basket and trembling with excitement.
“You’re coming close to a spanking,” John told him quietly. “Did you really not know that you were making it sound like I was abusing you?”
“Mmmm,” Greg hummed, letting his body sag into Mycroft’s knees. Greg continued dragging his hand through Greg’s hair, letting his other hand dig into the knots in Greg’s shoulders. Slowly Greg’s shoulders relaxed, and he started purring into the side of Mycroft’s knee. They sat like that for a couple minutes.
“Yes, actually, put that gun away and turn on a light, for starters,” a gruff female voice replied. “Also I could use a hand with this idiot.”
“Thank you, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said a little unevenly. John looked at him for a moment, seeing a lot more emotion than he had ever seen on Mycroft’s face. Nodding once, John turned on his heel and stalked out of the flat.
“Yes you clearly weren’t expecting her, going by the slapdash readying you have done for her arrival.” Sherlock let his eyes wander around to the open bedroom door. “Did the baby build that crib?” he asked. “I think some of the pieces are in the wrong places.”
They spent the rest of the night working on the case, Sherlock enthusiastically bouncing ideas off of his conductor of light.
“About twenty minutes ago,” he said, starting to feel concern creeping into his peripherals. “You didn’t hear me come in?”
“Romantic,” Sherlock commented drily, taking in the under lit fountains happily burbling and the carefully hidden nooks interspersed throughout.
“I don’t know. I am having Anthea get all the information she can, so hopefully I will know soon enough. I will have her send you all the medical information we have on her.”
As Charlie and Alice cheered and ran into the kitchen to help Greg, Mycroft sat for a moment, holding Jackie and reveling in the family that he was lucky to call his own.
Sherlock spluttered out a laugh. “Who would find a man in lingerie attractive? What man would want to wear it?” Sherlock asked on a chuckle.
“What about that one?” Sherlock asked. “She only has nine cats. I’m sure you could grow to love them all,” he added sarcastically.
“Did your research?” John asked as Mycroft walked over to Liz, awkwardly giving her the box. It was wrapped in thick gold wrapping paper with a red ribbon. Liz tore the sides carefully, slipping the box out of the paper. It was a small velvet jewelry box with a simple latch on the front.
Sherlock was sitting and smiling as he watched John deftly change Rosie’s nappy, folding the soiled one and putting a new one on after wiping her and applying cream.
Mycroft nodded. “I will have you brought to my medical facility, where you will be held until we have collected your team. Then we may discuss further.” Mycroft nodded at her, pulling out his phone and texting instructions to his people.
“Just gone upstairs, but he’ll be leaving quickly,” he told her, knowing she wouldn’t really understand. Tapping on his chest, Jackie pointed down to the ground.
“Sherlock. Greg. I have something to tell you.”  John steeled himself. “I’m… a wizard.” He looked up at them. “And I think Liz is too. It’s common for young witches and wizards to make things happen out of their control when they’re young.”
“Although that was less than convincing, I’ll let this one go this time. But only because you were mostly right. Next time, leave the chasing to us, alright?”
“Indeed,” Mycroft answered with a small smile. “I’m training for a minor government position and it has kept me ridiculously busy.”
“Yes, alright.” Gently he took Jackie’s face in one hand and turned it towards John, using his thumb to press her mouth open. She struggled a bit, but seemed calmer with Mycroft’s hand on her.
“Very well,” Mycroft sat down cross-legged beside Greg, who swiftly stood and moved to the kitchen. As he dug out the can of pasta, he heard thrilled shrieks come from the other room. After he had emptied it into a saucepan and put it on the burner, he went to the sitting room and watched from the doorway as Mycroft put the finishing touches on an elaborate block tower. Greg dug out his phone and managed to snap a picture of the tower and it’s imminent destruction. He also managed to catch Mycroft as he turned towards the door to address Gregory.
"Alright," the woman said, grabbing the baby around the waist and resting her on one hip. The child was still crying, big tears rolling down her already soaked face.
“Ready?” John asked, looking down at Liz. She looked unsure, staring at the flame. “I promise it doesn’t hurt.”
“I didn’t peg you for an incense kind of guy,” Greg said with a smile. “But no, I wouldn’t mind that kind of stuff. It’s more the stuff that will negatively affect me that I’m worried about.”
Greg rubbed his hands together against the brisk spring air as he waited for someone to answer the door.
“That works both ways, trust me,” John smirked. “But now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m pretty tired myself so I think I’ll be heading home. Goodnight, and congrats on the flat.”
“Goodnight,” Sherlock responded quietly. Turning around, he climbed the steps to the door, turning back to look at John once more before going inside.
“Of course,” John said, moving forward and holding out his hands. Mycroft lifted Jackie out of the papousse, handing her to John as he worked himself out of the straps. When he had gotten the holder off and placed it on a chair, he took Jackie back from John.
Falling into his Mind Palace, he wandered down hallways until he came across a new door, covered in a fresh coat of white paint with a bronze nameplate that read “John Watson” on it. Turning the matching brass doorknob, he entered the room. It was sparse, an oatmeal-coloured carpet covering the floor and the walls a plain comforting blue. There was one wooden bookcase that housed a medical textbook, a rugby ball and a half-consumed bottle of beer. In the far corner there was also a sturdy wooden desk that matched the bookshelf but was currently empty. Sherlock stood in the doorway and took a deep breath, smelling the slightly musky scent of worn jumpers and the sweet smell of almonds. It was a scent that was uniquely John and suited the room perfectly.
“Yes,” Sherlock responded, grabbing his coat and scarf. John stood and made sure Liz got off the sofa before going and grabbing their coats off the hook by the door. He handed Liz’s to Sherlock to help her put it on.
“Far be it from me to deign to figure out what my brother is planning,” Sherlock shrugged, turning and going back into the kitchen.
“Of course you do,” John said, chuckling at her excitement. “We’ll have to get you new robes, and a hat, and a cauldron and, oh! a telescope as well. Too bad you can’t bring a broomstick first year, you’re brilliant at Quidditch.”
“I’m not going to be a kept man,” Greg hissed, pulling closer to Mycroft. “We’re sharing the rent equally.”
“Please, have a seat,” Mycroft said once they reached the area, motioning to one of the many squishy armchairs gathered in a corner.
“Liz, this is Sherlock. You are safe here with John and I. It is afternoon. You just ate a chocolate biscuit. Everything is okay. But you must wake up. I’m Sherlock, and this is John, and you are safe here in our flat.” He kept reiterating the same information as Liz slowly woke up, her hand reaching out to grasp onto Sherlock’s shirt as she sobbed herself into wakefulness.
“Anything look good?” John asked Liz. Sherlock, who had followed behind them, pulled out a set of small deep purple robes.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Greg asked, looking down to see it Jackie was awake. She was still blissfully asleep.
“We’ll have to find things that you like besides the telly,” John said softly to her. “We can’t let your brain rot. Do you like colouring?”
John chuckled as he stood up, gently cradling Liz in his arms. “Don’t drink too much. Although you are taking this rather well, all things considered.”
“Alright, you take her and I’ll go make us some food. Be back soon. Also, John will be coming over sometime this morning.”
“It’s not a ‘guessing thing’, it’s deductions,” Sherlock corrected sharply. “And it’s something me and my brother have always done. Best to know everything about a person before wasting time becoming acquainted and finding out they’re not worth your time.”
“Yes, dear,” John said half joking before becoming serious again. “That’s what safe words are for, and contracts. All things we will be dealing with shortly.”
“It’s okay,” John soothed automatically as Sherlock swanned past him. John could see him taking in every detail, his brow furrowed. “What happened?” he asked to the room in general.
“Okay,” Greg said, taking it in stride. “I’ll put her in a coat and clothes, you grab bottles and food enough for her and anything else you need to bring with you.”
“If you go too fast, you’ll make yourself sick,” he told her gently, rocking back and forth and rubbing her stomach soothingly. He waited another minute, rocking back and forth, and let her have the rest of the bottle. She finished it quickly, whining a little when the bottle was empty. “Good girl,” Mycroft soothed, taking the muslin that was previously wrapped around her and laying it on his shoulder, propping Jaclynn over his shoulder, rubbing and patting her back and trying to get a burp out of her. Although it had been roughly thirty years since he had done this with Sherlock, it was all quickly coming back to him. It only took a second before she released a little burp, spittle following behind it.
“One thing at a time, Sherlock. I’m going to get the glass out of your hand and bandage it quickly and then we’ll call Mycroft, alright?”
He arrived at his house mid-afternoon and walked in, finding Greg laying on the couch with Jackie on his chest, both fast asleep. Smiling fondly, he walked over and shook Greg’s shoulder gently. Greg jumped, hand tightening on Jackie’s back.
Sherlock groaned but complied, standing up groggily. John walked him over to the side of the bed and laid him down on his front.
Mycroft emerged a few minutes later to Greg still standing in the living room, seemingly lost in thought.
“Perhaps. I saw a little bit of Sherlock in her. It’s been years since he was that small, obviously, but it’s in the eyes. They’ve got the same eyes.”
Mycroft hummed and led the way, holding the door open for Sherlock and following him down the stairs. Mycroft slid into the car first as usual, Sherlock following behind and slamming the door shut.
“Only because I’m sad you had to go through that, love. And I’m sad I almost lost you, but I’m also so glad that I can hold you here tonight. I’m so glad I didn’t lose  you, Mycroft. You are so important to me. I love you.” It became a litany as Greg kissed every inch of Mycroft’s face, words interspersed between the kisses. Mycroft wrapped his arms around Greg and let his kisses wash away some of the guilt and sadness that had been ravaging him all evening. His breathing slowed and he finally closed his eyes, seeing only darkness behind his lids. They both knew this wouldn’t be the end, not for a long time, but Mycroft was content in the knowledge that with time and the help of Greg, he could get through anything.
“I’ll get her,” John stopped her and moved to the other room. Peering in, he saw Rosie’s travel cot set up in the corner of Mrs. Hudson’s sitting room. “Hello, Rosie,” John cooed, reaching into the cot and pulling her out. “I’ve missed you.” He pulled her close, burying his nose in her head and inhaling her baby scent. She fussed a little but calmed down in her father’s arms, flailing a small fist. “Yes, yes, I know,” he cooed softly. “Do you need a change?” He lifted her so that he could smell her nappy. “Yes, indeed.” He went back out into the kitchen. “Mrs. H, where’s her bag?”
Sherlock just hummed and readjusted his arms so that they were cushioning his head. John quickly tidied up, putting the box away and stripping down to his pants. He made a quick stop to the bathroom to collect some cooling cream from the cabinet there and moved back into the bedroom. He sat on the edge of the bed beside Sherlock and reached out, running his hand once more down Sherlock’s back, ending at the dip between his back and butt. His back was already significantly less red.
“Please.” Sherlock slid the glass across the counter. He quickly received his drink and turned around, scanning the room for the least populated area. Spying a spot across the room, Sherlock took another fortifying sip of his whiskey and started towards the spot. He made his way across the room, weaving his way through small knots of people. As he was breaking through the last wall of bodies, a heavy hand landed on his shoulder and stopped him in his tracks. Sherlock looked at the hand on his shoulder and followed it up to its owner, a burly bull of a man.
“I text him. And I’ve got the D.I.’s number if I need to call him as well.” John reached over and took Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock scoffed but didn’t answer, looking at himself in the mirror once more before nodding and turning. “Ready to go?”
“Yes, I remember.” Sherlock smiled coolly. “Why did you come to my rescue just now? Do you think I’m some damsel who needs saving?”
“Oh Mycroft,” Greg breathed, taking the glass and placing it to the side. He put his hand on top of on of Mycroft’s and, when he wasn’t shaken off, wrapped the other arm around his back in a one-sided hug. Mycroft stiffened but didn’t move away. He cried for a few more moments before trying to gain control of his breathing.
After tumbling out of the fireplace and into their sitting room, the three of them settled down onto the sofa for a bit of telly before bed. Liz was asleep ten minutes in, and John carried her up to bed. Once he had settled her down, he went and joined Sherlock on the sofa.
“Right, now I’m going to give you ten spanks,” John told him as he settled Sherlock. “I’m spanking you because of your behavior earlier. You need to listen to me when I tell you to do something, and we never throw things.” John paused a moment to see if he would get a response but when he only got a whimper in response, he continued. “Alright, here we go.”
“Unfortunately. My men will take this one,” he points to the cuffed woman behind Greg, “and place her somewhere secure. We’ll be leaving.” Without another word he walks to the car, Greg following behind. Greg quietly puts Jackie in her car seat, letting her keep his keys. He got into the passenger seat, buckling up and looking over at Mycroft.
John walked to the bed, grabbing one of Sherlock’s arms and trying to use it to manoeuver Sherlock off the bed. Sherlock resisted, tugging on his arm and whining.
“Yeah, alright, but really, which one do you think it will be?” Sherlock walked into the sitting room again at that moment, this time with empty hands. “Pa, what about you?”
“Okay, it’s okay, we’re okay, I don’t blame you, I forgive you, it’s all okay,” Greg repeated over and over, even thought he didn’t really understand what Mycroft was talking about. He held Mycroft tighter than he ever had, resting his head on top of Mycroft’s and letting the tears that had built up in his eyes run silently into his hair. Mycroft calmed quicker this time and pulled away.
“Yes John,” Sherlock said with a soft smile. John smiled and leaned up, kissing Sherlock again. He put one hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck and the other at his back, pulling Sherlock closer and digging the pads of his fingers into the light pink skin he found there. Sherlock moaned at the contact. “Yes, that’s good,” he said, pulling away after a few moments.
“Yes, of course.” Mycroft slipped his hand out of Greg’s and fished the jar and a spoon out of the bag. “There you go, Jackie,” Mycroft said, spooning some carrots out of the jar and offering the spoon. Jackie took it greedily into her mouth. Greg watched as Mycroft fed her, smiling softly at how easy he was with her.
“Because I don’t see why it is important,” Sherlock cried, throwing his hands out above his head. “I trust you,” he continued, looking into John’s eyes. “You know what’s best, I’m sure. Plus, hasn’t it been written into your DNA to tell me what to do? What does it matter what I like and don’t?”
“It’s been a while since we’ve had to do this.” John looked at Mycroft. “You can’t afford to get shot, seriously, Mycroft,” John said as he packed up his bag. “There are people in this world that would miss you, including Sherlock and myself.”
“What other words do you know?” Mycroft asked contemplatively, not really expecting an answer. He was quickly realizing that he knew very little about the baby in front of him, including developmental stage and health concerns. He shook himself out of his thoughts quickly. “Well, I don’t like it either. This one would’ve just been annoying.” He put the toy back on the shelf and continued down the aisles. Together they picked out a few more stuffed animals, as well as some other developmental and play toys. He decided they would go to a bookstore another time to pick out a selection of books.
“I have a facility that I can be brought to if operation is necessary. It is only used as a last resort, however. I do not like hospitals, Marcia is quite competent at patching me up, as you saw.”
“Like hell you are,” Greg said, shifting Jackie so that she was on his hip. He couldn't believe Mycroft would put himself in danger like that. “Don’t you have people to do that for you?”
“I’ll text Hermione and coordinate when we can go school supply shopping in Diagon Alley,” John called after her, already pulling out his phone.
“Here, for you,” Mycroft said, handing the box to Greg and sitting back in his chair in front of him.
They pulled up to New Scotland Yard and got out, Sherlock practically sprinting out of the cab. He burst through the front doors and quickly made his way to the D.I..’s office. D.I. Nolan was already there, starting on the paperwork for the case.
Sherlock smiled. “Just give me your phone,” he said suppressing a chuckle. John smiled, handing his older model phone over and letting Sherlock punch his number into it. “There you go,” he said, handing the old phone back.
John had donned his robes already, and was just waiting for Sherlock to emerge from the bedroom. It was a few minutes before he came out, black dress shirt and dress pants on under his robes. John gave him a nod before moving towards the fireplace. He pulled a pouch out from his pocket.
“They said we must stay until eleven,” Mycroft said, glancing at his watch. It was ten thirty, but half an hour felt like an eternity. Sherlock groaned, frustrated, and slammed his head back against the wall.
The couple had implemented date nights when they both found that they were too busy to consistently see each other romantically. Although they both usually ended up in the same bed for at least an hour each night, they had gone through day- or week- patches of not seeing or interacting with each other in the past. Therefore, they made a policy to implement date nights when one or both was feeling the need to see the other.
“What, no cuddles for me?” Greg asked her, softly smiling. Leaning down, he put her on the ground and let her crawl towards the police dog that lay forgotten on the floor. Greg didn’t notice when Mycroft came back into the room, too engrossed watching Jackie.
“Someone’s grumpy in the morning,” he crooned as Jackie eagerly sucked down the bottle, grabbing onto it with both hands. Glancing at the clock, Mycroft was surprised to note that it was 6:00 a.m. Both he and Jackie had passed out for the entire night. Mycroft was interrupted in his thoughts by a knock on the door. It was very rare that Mycroft have visitors, and he was hesitant to answer the door with a baby in his arms. Reluctantly, Mycroft approached the door and tapped the LED screen in the wall, turning on the camera aimed at his front door.
“Ah yes, allow me to introduce you. Mr. Lestrade, this is Jackie. Jackie, this is Gregory Lestrade. I recently… acquired her. She is not mine biologically.” Jackie was sat on Mycroft’s hip and stared at Lestrade with unwavering eyes.
Rose continued to browse books beside Liz, occasionally commenting on a book that she found interesting. Liz was quiet, but answered the few questions Rose asked her. Mostly, Rose seemed happy to provide a comfortable mixture of nonsensical chatter and friendly silence.
“Alright.” John reached above Sherlock to the shelves attached to the head of the bed and pulled down his bee plush. “There you go.” Sherlock accepted the bee eagerly, tucking him happily under his chin.
Suddenly an insistent electronic beeping permeated throughout the kitchen. Greg furrowed his brow in confusion, looking around.
“Yes, thank you, “ Mycroft said, sitting across from Greg at the table and sitting Jackie on it. “I did tell you that you needn’t come of you were busy,” Mycroft reminded him coolly.
John quickly undid his shoes, taking them and his socks off. Then, he undid Sherlock’s belt, tapping on his hip to get him to raise them. His trousers and pants were quickly yanked down his legs and off, and were cast onto the floor to be dealt with later. John, after a raised eyebrow at Sherlock and a pointed look at the floor, scooped up a nappy and cream from the floor. He efficiently applied the nappy, giving Sherlock a hand up when he was done.
John heaved a put-upon sigh and hefted the paper. “Okay. A hard limit, or something that you will not do under any circumstances, is represented by a ‘no’. A zero indicates you have utterly no desire to do the activity and don’t like doing it, and would ordinarily object to it, but you would permit the Dominant to do it if they really wanted it. Sometimes referred to as a ‘soft limit’. One means you don’t want to do or like to do the activity, but wouldn’t object if it was asked of you. Two means you are willing to do the activity, but it has no special appeal to you. Three means you usually like doing the activity, at least on an irregular or occasional basis. Four means you like doing the activity, and would like to experience it on a regular basis. Five means the activity is a wild turn-on for you, and you would like it as often as possible.” John put the paper down by his side and locked eyes with Sherlock, brushing some of the hair off of his forehead. “Now, can you repeat those back to me, please?”
Mycroft audibly gulped, momentarily at a loss. He was usually the one in control, and was a little off put by Gregory’s directness. “Wh- I- um, of course I would. Now?”
“Okay.” John was close to done anyway. He let another six land on Sherlock’s backside and then ran his hand soothingly over his lower back. “We’re done now, Sherlock.” Sherlock was still sobbing uncontrollably, so John pulled him up and wrapped his arms tightly around his boy, letting Sherlock nuzzle wetly into his neck. “There you go, there’s a good boy. I know you might not want to talk, but I need to know you’re okay.”
Sherlock sank his upper body into the bed, feet planted firmly on the ground. John let his hand rest on Sherlock’s lower back for a moment before bringing his hand back and letting it land with a sharp thwack. Sherlock wiggled a little as the light sting set in. John didn’t wait long before letting the next few land, dropping three in rapid succession. He paused for a moment, squeezing Sherlock’s ass and lightly rubbing it. Sherlock wondered when it would start feeling really good. He was intrigued by the way that his body reacted, and the light sting that was starting to permeate through his skin was nice, but overall he was feeling rather indifferent to this impact play.
"Alright, can you lay her on your lap for me?" Mycroft placed one hand carefully behind Jaclynn's head, lowering her slowly so that she was on her back. "Good. Now, it does appear she's running a fever so I'll just grab a thermometer and put it under her armpit, yes that's a good girl you be good and don't squirm. Alright, yes indeed that's a fever higher than we would like so I'll just grab a cold compress here and if you could hold it to her forehead, yeah she's not going to like that," she switched fluidly in and out of baby talk as she handed the compress to Mycroft and continued her examination. "Alright, love, I don't feel any unusual lumps or swelling anywhere, you've probably just got a cold. She's got a bit of a runny nose that I don't think is from her crying, so that's something to keep an eye out for. I'd say pick up some baby paracetamol and I’ve got some ORS that you can give her alongside her formula to help with the dehydration. Have her take it easy for the next couple days. You are planning on taking her, sir?" Marcia asked innocently.
“As Mycroft says, it makes up for my sour personality.” Sherlock picked at the hem of his suit jacket.
“Yes, Mycroft.” Greg’s grip on Mycroft’s ankle got tighter. Mycroft let the first one fall with no warning.
Thank you for reading, sorry I haven't been posting regularly but real life has got me in a stranglehold.
"Thank you. Moving in." Mycroft pocketed his phone and shifted his gun to both hands, keeping it tucked close to his body as he quietly made his way down the cold, deserted hallway and to the door between the doorway and the laboratory. Reaching the metal door marked "exclusive personnel only", Mycroft took out a keycard from his pocket and swiped it, holding his breath as he waited for the light to turn from red to green. When it did, he opened the door with a muted click and entered the room.
“Okay. Goodnight.” John placed his hand momentarily on Sherlock’s before pulling away and moving to the bedroom.
"Shall I find someone in foster care to take her, sir?" Anthea asked as the driver pointed the car towards his apartment.
“Mycroft is a wizard,” Sherlock answered matter-of-factly. “You probably crossed over at Hogwarts for a few years.”
“Mr. Holmes doesn’t do hospitals,” Marcia said, her tone revealing exactly what she thought about that.
Mycroft was finishing feeding Jackie a lunch of mashed peas when his phone rang from the other room.
“No, I’ll take it,” Mycroft responded. “I don’t think I’ll be getting much sleep, and wouldn’t want to keep you up.”
Jackie noticed Mycroft in the doorway and her face lit up. “Da!” she said, picking up the police dog and scooching towards Mycroft. When she got close, she held her arms up in a clear invitation to be picked up. Mycroft didn’t hesitate, bending down and scooping her up. He held her close for a moment, closing his eyes and kissing the top of her head. Greg noticed that Mycroft had changed into what looked like a black tac suit.
Mycroft woke, once again on the sofa, to Jackie’s piercing shriek coming through the baby monitor. They had returned to his flat the previous evening when it became apparent that Sherlock was asleep for the night. Mycroft had put Jackie to bed upon their arrival and had sat on the sofa, reading various parenting books and websites. Clearly he had fallen asleep poring over these and now he was waking with a crick in his neck.
“Okay, here we go,” Marcia said and without any more hesitation leaned forward and stabbed the needle into his skin. Mycroft didn’t flinch, but Greg did. He dutifully watched as Marcia administered the stitches, holding strong to Mycroft’s hand.
“That wasn’t so hard, was it?” he asked, condescending smile quirking his lips. The woman didn’t answer him.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John, this is your house, you take the bed. I rarely sleep anyways, I doubt I’ll get any tonight.”
The man took it, rubbing his mouth with his hand. “Thanks,” he said, brandishing the card with a nod before tucking it in his breast pocket. As they walked away, John started shaking and Sherlock looked over at him, worried. He quickly got over his concern when he realized John was suppressing giggles.
“Yes, I think this is a standard list, which includes items for women and heterosexual couples.” John chuckled and put down the pen, running his now free hand through Sherlock’s hair.
Mycroft paused for a moment before conceding. “That may be best. My mind, much as I hate to admit it, is apparently not quite working at it’s normal capacity.”
“Yes, I have no doubt I’ll have more questions,” Mycroft held the door open as Greg waited for the elevator.
“Ta,” John picked up his mug and took a sip, laying out the last needle and clapping his hands together. “Well, we may as well get this out of the way. She’s not going to be happy after these,” he warned Mycroft.
Mycroft cleared his throat a few times before scooting out of Greg’s reach. “You don’t need to pretend to like me when we are alone,” he told Greg, looking down at Jackie.
Next thing he knew, he was being awoken by a loud rustling. Opening his eyes, Greg saw Mycroft propped up on one arm, trying to throw off the covers and get out of bed.
"Oh for-" going towards the baby, he tried to pick her up. In response she screamed bloody murder and started pushing at his hands, futilely trying to get him off her.
“Hello, Gregory. Here, look a this.” Mycroft unceremoniously shoved the soiled nappy into Gregory’s hands.
“Wait,” Mycroft breathed, looking to the side and narrowing his eyes at a pair of dominants that had stopped on the outskirts of the gathered furniture. They stared Mycroft down for a minute before huffing and turning away. “Now, where were we?”
“Not quite,” the boy admitted. “She’s my older sister, although she probably is under a table right now.”
John hesitated for a moment, looking over his shoulder. Liz was looking at him owlishly, hand woven in Sherlock’s sleeve but otherwise calm. Sherlock was sneering at the doorway.
“Don’t touch me,” he snarled. “Please.” He added shortly. He was trying to maintain his composure in front of Greg.
“You just pull them over your Muggle clothes. Here,” John opened the blue set of robes, holding them out so that Liz could put her arms in the sleeves. He rested the fabric on her shoulders then he did the small dark blue clasp at the front by the clavicle, tugging gently on the front to straighten them out. “There you go. You look like a beautiful young witch,” he beamed at her, watching as she held out her sleeves in front of her and inspected them. She looked up, a small smile gracing her lips. She rotated back and forth, letting the robes gently swish around her.
“That sounds very interesting!” he said to her as she paused in her babbling. “I believe she’s telling me all about her day,” Mycroft informed Greg.
“Jackie, please stop crying,” he said gently around the lump in his throat. “Please, for me,” he stood in place, rocking and bouncing and waffling about what he should do. Sherlock had clearly been affected by Jackie’s distress and so Mycroft didn’t want to call him and John back, but he also wanted a second opinion on what to do. He remembered Lestrade’s words from the night before as he was leaving.
“I’m not sure what those people want from me,” Mycroft admitted softly. “But I will be working non-stop with my people to figure it out.”
“It’s alright, I suppose. The tingle is nice, but it’s nothing significant.” Sherlock awkwardly shrugged one shoulder.
“Thanks,” Greg put his drink down on the table in front of the chair. Mycroft sat as well after making sure that there was no room for any other chairs around their table. He did not want to share Gregory with anyone. ”So, you’ve been pretty busy, huh?”
“Not for another hour, at least.” John came back into the sitting room carrying two steaming mugs of tea. “Him and Lestrade are checking out flats. I think they might settle on one today.” John’s movement stuttered for a moment as he placed the two mugs on the low table in front of the sofa, glancing over at Sherlock.
“Yup, our first vacation,” Greg said, reaching over and grabbing Mycroft’s hand and interrupting his search for baby food. Mycroft tensed minutely before relaxing, looking at Gregory who was looking at the waitress.
“Whatever,” Sherlock grumbled, slouching down in his seat. Jus then his phone dinged, alerting him of a new text.
"You have no idea," he sighed, a chuckle escaping at the end. "I've only got a graze on my side, but little Jaclynn seems to be running a fever of some sort."
“I disagree. Many people suffer from things like depression and post traumatic stress disorder every day. Seeing something like what you saw today is undoubtedly distressing for anyone. Have the police force scheduled you with a psychologist?”
Suddenly, it hit Greg like a ton of bricks. “It’s Sherlock, right?” Greg asked when no answer was forthcoming. Greg laid his hand gently against the side of Mycroft’s face. “I get it. He’s your younger brother, you care about him. And he’s a submissive; you’re protective. I find it charming.”
Mycroft looked down at Jackie, who had started crying louder at John’s raised voice. Mycroft bounced her up and down, standing and walking around. He shushed quietly in her ear as he paced around his kitchen. He felt hateful tears building in his eyes as he looked down at the baby who had wormed her way behind his icy barriers in a record few days. He felt ripped apart by the hurt and betrayal that had shone in Jackie’s tearful eyes as she had slammed her tiny fists against his chest. Her sobs had not stopped and had only dropped slightly in intensity and Mycroft was getting worried. She was starting to feel warm against his cheek, and he didn’t know if it was because she was crying or because she was reacting t the vaccination.
“What? No, of course not! John’s not around to help me on cases sometimes.” His brow furrowed. “You thought that John was being a neglectful partner?”
Sherlock brought Jackie into the dining room, sitting her in her high chair. He sat down beside her at the head of the table. As Mycroft entered with the mashed potatoes, he shot Sherlock a look. “A couple seats down if you please, brother. I will sit beside my daughter at the head of the table.”
“But what’s mine is yours, is that not how the saying goes? I can afford this flat, therefore we can afford this flat.” Mycroft’s brow wrinkled in confusion.
“I’m not done!” Greg shouted. “You wouldn’t know what Marcia said because you were unconscious, Mycroft! And sure, she did say you were okay, but that means shite when you haven’t woken up in hours. Things can go downhill quickly, as I’m sure you know, so don’t you ‘Marcia said’ me.” Greg took a deep breath and let it out. He looked down at Jackie, who had been woken by his shouting but who had miraculously stayed silent. “Sorry you had to see that, Jackie,” he said, gentler than moments before. He wrapped an arm around Jackie’s middle, keeping her steady.
“Okay,” Sherlock said, shrugging. “I like the idea of the thrill of it, but I’m sure we can find that thrill somewhere else.”
Rolling his neck on his shoulder and wincing, Mycroft stood and went into Jackie’s bedroom. He quickly scooped her up and bounced her gently, changing her diaper on the changing table in her room. As soon as he had touched her she had quieted, a tiny scowl still on her face. Mycroft decided to keep her n her plain baby grow for now. Moving into the kitchen and efficiently preparing a bottle, Mycroft also made himself a coffee one handed, holding Jackie on his hip. Jackie sucked back her bottle, hiccupping slightly as she finished it. Mycroft took it from her before she could drop it, quickly learning from past experience. She grumbled unhappily, her face scrunching into a moue of discontent.
Greg was just coming out of his room when he spotted Mycroft through the partially ajar door of his own room. The man had his shirt unbuttoned and was standing beside the bed, leaning over Jackie as he got her dressed. Greg, throwing all caution to the wind, crossed the hall to Mycroft’s room and nudged the door all the way open, leaning against the doorframe.
“No, no, I think we’re too comfortable right now for that,” John soothed, running his hands slowly up and down Sherlock’s calves. “Just relax.”
“Yes, we went shopping this morning.” Jackie was starting to yawn and rub her face against his chest. “And it seems it’s catching up to us.” Mycroft gently rocked her, shushing into her ear.
“Thanks,” Greg said a little clearer, wrapping his arms shamelessly around Mycroft like an octopus and cuddling in close. An arm slung around Greg’s back and drew him closer to Mycroft’s heat.
“Yeah, sounds good.” John took Sherlock’s phone and stared at it for a minute. “Um, maybe I’ll get you to punch in my number.”
“Wait,” Mycroft said coolly, a corner of his mask slipping as his eyes softened and he rocked Jackie back and forth. Her shrieks had turned into body-wracking sobs.
“Because technically I’m not supposed to tell you. I’m not supposed to tell any Muggles. And I thought if you didn’t figure it out, why would you need to know? I would’ve told you before we got married.” John grinned at Sherlock. “Not that that was a proposal.” He sobered up. “Actually, we’ll probably get a visit from the Ministry tonight or tomorrow.” John did not look too pleased to come to that conclusion.  “They’ll probably wipe Greg’s memories.”
“That is the plan,” Mycroft answered back, cringing as he felt a warmth spread over his back, predicated by a burp.
“Yes, that sounds like just the thing,” Sherlock said, making sure he had a firm grip on Liz before standing and pivoting so he was sitting on the sofa, Liz sitting sideways in his lap. “Marshmallows?”
“Loo,” Mycroft grunted, getting his feet solidly on the ground. Beside Greg, Jackie had woken up. She cooed at them both.
“Yes, but they’re bogged down with paperwork right now. Unless it’s a life-threatening situation, we’re not supposed to push for expedited Traces.”
“And yet, we can still see them. That’s pretty cool, huh?” John tilted his head so that he could look at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye.
Mycroft and Greg stood in awkward silence for a moment. “So, you’ll probably be in late tonight then, hey?” Greg asked.
“If you do find somewhere though… Will I have to move back with Mummy and Daddy?” Sherlock asked quietly, almost afraid of the answer.
“When did you last eat?” Greg asked quietly. Mycroft looked like a spooked animal, standing in front of the door but ready to bolt at any second.
“Giving us bloody homework like we’re in bloody grade school,” Greg grumbled when they were out of earshot of the therapist. Mycroft chuckled indulgently and pulled Greg toward him, laying a kiss on the top of his head.
“It’s possible,” Mycroft allowed, frowning at his lack of knowledge. Mycroft was drawn out of his thoughts by the sound of Jackie’s stomach rumbling. “Lunch,” Mycroft stated, handing her to Greg in order to fish out the spoon and container of mashed peas he had brought along. He let Greg hold onto her as he spooned the green mush into her mouth. Jackie ate the entire container and was handed a digestive cookie to finish off, which she munched and drooled on happily. She fell asleep soon after in Greg’s arms and both men remained quiet until they reached their destination.
“You look smashing,” said a voice, and Sherlock jumped and turned around, looking for the source of the voice.
“Here, love,” Greg said, holding out the pajamas. Mycroft took them, careful not to touch Greg as he did so.
“Good thing we’ve solved it, then,” D.I. Nolan answered, eyeing Mycroft up. Mycroft smirked at the mirroring of his brother and the D.I.’s words.
“I know, you’ve said,” Sherlock said quietly as John sat on the sofa, picking Sherlock’s feet up and plopping them onto his lap. He started slowly rubbing his hands along Sherlock’s long feet, digging his thumb into the arches. Sherlock let a low groan escape his lips as John worked over his feet, tension slowly easing out of his feet and legs.
John turned back to his newspaper, getting a few more pages in before Liz came back down the stairs.
“Liz!” Sherlock yelled as John entered the kitchen. Sherlock was on the stool, clutching his hand and staring at the empty space in front of him.
“We’re going to pretend to be a couple?” Greg asked. He pointedly ignored the small flurry of butterflies that seemed to have taken residence in his stomach.
A sharp cry woke Mycroft as it pierced from the monitor in his hand. Jerking out of a deep sleep, Mycroft tossed the monitor onto the couch and hurried into Jackie’s room. It was still filled mostly with boxes, Jackie’s crib like an island in the middle of the room. Going quickly to the crib, Mycroft leaned in and picked up a crying Jackie under the armpits, tucking her to his chest and bouncing her up and down, shushing soothingly in her ear.
“I don’t deserve your kindness,” Mycroft said, voice breaking around the last word as his mouth pulled downward.
Stopping his frantic pacing, Sherlock let out a roar of frustration. He flung his arm towards one technician who was taking pictures of the crime scene. “Look at this one. He is kneeling in that blood. KNEELING. In. It. Who the hell let him on here?”
“Now give us a hug,” John said, opening his arms wide. She threw herself into them, wrapping herself tightly around John’s neck. He cradled her head against him for a moment before pulling away. She turned to Sherlock and gave him much the same treatment, arms like a vice around his neck.
They walked into a small room with warm yellow walls, cushiony beige chairs, a sofa, and a desk in the corner, behind which sat an older gentleman in a fuzzy jumper with spectacles perched on the edge of his nose.
The girl hesitated for a moment before unwinding her arms from around her legs. Greg and John inched back enough to let her scoot her way out of the closet. She moved carefully, her arms and legs ambling as she navigated out. Her limbs didn’t seem strong enough to support her. She stared at John and Greg.
“I’ll give you to the count of three. One-“ The woman raised her gun and pointed it at Greg. Behind the woman, he could see a shadow creeping up. Another was approaching the others in the group. “Two-“ The woman didn’t get the chance to finish counting before the shadows manifested into Mycroft’s men. The one behind the woman hit her on the collarbone, breaking it and causing her to drop her weapon. Her assailant had her in handcuffs in a matter of seconds. On the other side of the alley, the remaining attackers were facing off with Mycroft’s other man. Mycroft had also pulled out a pistol and was aiming it at their attackers. Faster than anyone could react, the three attackers turned tail and ran, prompting Mycroft and his two men to chase after them. Greg stood at the entrance of the alley, effectively blocking it from prying eyes that may pass by. He watched as they all disappeared around a corner and sighed. He wished he could be chasing their attackers too instead of staying behind like a damsel in distress, but he also knew the importance of staying with Jackie. He set about calming Jackie, humming in her ear and rubbing her back, gently rocking back and forth.
“Technically we don’t know if they were trying to kill me or kidnap me, and by extension, you. But no, it is better that my people do not come to our location; it lessens the chance of them being followed out of town and to the safehouse. The village is perfectly safe.”
Sherlock let the hug last for a moment before pulling away. “Get off me,” he said without any real conviction.
Mycroft was starting to think about preparing a lunch for Jackie when an appalling smell hit his nose, prompting him to wrinkle it and lift Jackie quickly off his lap.
Mycroft looked at him before another wave of nausea roiled over him. Leaning over, he retched bile a few moments more before his stomach settled again. He looked at Greg and all the fight seemed to go out of him. His face crumpled and his hands went lax, the glass dropping from his hand and spilling water down his pants. He leaned forward as he cried, hands limp on his thighs and head bent almost into the toilet bowl.
“Yeah, I got here seconds before you did, I haven’t had the time to change her yet.” Greg moved towards the changing table. Mycroft watched as Greg laid Jackie down on the table and unsnapped her baby-gro, conflict roiling inside him. He was still protective of Jackie but knew that Gregory was one of the few people he could trust with her.
“A good idea, especially if you will be in the wizarding community more often,” Mycroft said with a knowing smirk.
“Okay, okay, I’m done,” John chuckled, holding up his hands in surrender. “You can play for a few more minutes and then we’ll get you tucked into bed.”
“Sherlock texted me to come by after work. I saw the body. You got any leads?” Greg, who had momentarily forgotten about the suspended body, took a moment to take John in. He seemed nervous, eyes darting around the room.
Greg resisted the sensation of his knees turning to jelly, firmly keeping his eyes locked on Mycroft’s. “I’m not going to get the box.”
“Dad, Pa, it came!” Liz cried, thundering down the stairs into the sitting room. She had an envelope clutched in her hand and was waving it excitedly. “Look!”
“Yeah, I like a little bit of pain but not a lot. I can tolerate it, though, which is why I said it could be used as punishment.”
He then found the dress section. There was enough frill and lace to make a pageant mom happy for the rest of her life, and Mycrof, loathe as he was to admit it, indulged a little. He picked out a dress that had stripes on the top and a floral skirt, a soft pink dress made completely of lace, a more practical cotton, pleated, striped dress in light blue, a polo striped dress in a lilac, a sailor-style light dress with polkadots covering it and a handful of body and playsuits, one with a pastel rainbow print, one with a cartoon elephant on the front, one made of denim and one in a buttery cream colour.
“Of course, you’re right,” he said, still not making eye contact with Greg. “I’m sorry I did not think of that.”
“Don’t answer that!” John said. “What is or isn’t the dynamic of their relationship is none of your business, Sherlock.”
“Not as long as we stay behind the yellow tape.” Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pulled him forward as close to the yellow tape as they could get.
“As I see it, you have two choices,” Mycroft continued when he got no response. “You can give me the information I’m looking for and leave here with nothing more than a few bruises and a broken collar bone, which you already came in with. Or, you can give me the information I need and leave here far more grievously injured, or possibly dead. But either way, you will reveal what I want eventually. It’s up to you.”
Greg could recognize a sub on the brink of subdrop. “Lad, from one sub to another, I know you are not thinking rationally right now-“
Pulling to the side, Mycroft landed a hard punch to Sara’s stomach. She leaned over and retched, bile stringing out of her mouth and onto the floor in front of her.
Sherlock stared balefully at John for a moment but, when he realized he would not win, slowly unfolded his arms and let them fall to his sides. He could feel his lips trying to tug downwards as he watched John, waiting for the recognition to light his eyes.
John recoiled. Sherlock rarely yelled at him in seriousness. He often shouted when he was bored or frustrated, but rarely out of anger and never directly at John. Thinking back, John realized that he hadn’t put Sherlock properly into subspace in at least a month. Between his job at the clinic and the non-stop cases, he had forgotten.
John took a moment to reply. “Although I don’t agree with them forcing us all into this experiment, I do think we should all try to make the best of it as best we can. I mean what’s done is done, I suppose.”
When he was done, John pulled out his wand and waved it, prompting his and Liz’s empty plates to float up and into the kitchen. Liz’s eyes grew wide as she watched it happen.
Sherlock considered. On the one hand, John was the most bearable dom he had met so far and, if he was being perfectly honest with himself, Sherlock was interested. This dom, this human being, was an enigma; at the same time caring, compassionate, and a thrill-seeker.
“Don’t worry, we’ll be there with you the entire time, and you won’t have to do anything you don’t want to.”
“Sure,” Greg sighed. They sat on the floor right where they were, and Greg haltingly told Mycroft of the botched bank robbery. His eyes were dry as he sat in the comfortable embrace of Mycroft’s arms.
“Papa!” she cried. She had also started that in the last few months. It had started with a ‘pa’ that Greg insisted was just a noise she made, but after that Mycroft had taken to calling him papa when talking to Jackie, and she had picked up on it. “Papa down,” she continued.
“Although Sherlock is obnoxious, he is not wrong. You were tramping all over the crime scene and did kneel in the blood. You are dismissed.” The constable with Greg escorted the complaining tech off of the crime scene. Meanwhile, John had approached Sherlock with a tissue he had pulled out of his pocket.
“True.” John nodded and ran his hand restlessly through his hair before standing and holding out his hand. “Well, I’d best get back to them. Thank you, Dr. Witter.”
“Of course,” John said, taking down a copy of The Secret Garden. “Chapter six, I believe?” John flipped the book open and perched on the bed beside Sherlock’s head. He started reading, one hand holding the book while the other carded through Sherlock’s curls. He barely got half a chapter in before Sherlock was asleep, suckling softly on his pacifier and clinging onto his bee.
“Up we get,” Greg said, helping Mycroft to his feet and leading him towards the bedroom. “Are you okay with the bed?”
“I gladly pass the reins over to you,” Mycroft said, moving to the side so Greg could take over cooking. “I shall go set the table.” Mycroft gathered plates from the cupboard and went into the dining room.
“Yes, right now.” Sherlock heard Mycroft’s fingers still on the keys of his computer, and then his footsteps nearing his door. It swung open.
“Da, what house do you think I’ll be in?” She perched on the end of the sofa closest to him, looking equal parts nervous and excited.
Mycroft let a small chuckle escape past his lips. “Something like that, yes. What else do you like to do, when you’re not working at New Scotland Yard?”
“We’re okay, everything’s okay, Daddy will protect you,” he murmured, pressing his lips against her head. She quieted quickly under the attention, pushing at Greg’s chest so she could look at him.
“I hear ya, I finished training at New Scotland Yard last year and it was crazy.” Greg took a pull of his beer. “So, what’s the illustrious government position you’re training for?”
“Yeah, I can’t blame you there,” John said quietly. “It kind of sucks, the inequality they’ve put on the two different statuses, doesn’t it?”
“To ensure that going to the Muggle authorities will be easier, should something like this happen again.”
Liz looked a little uncomfortable and a blush marred her cheeks as she ducked her head. Staring at her plate, she shoveled a forkful of eggs into her mouth.
“Tease,” John chuckled quietly as he tightened his hand momentarily in Sherlock’s curls. Reaching for his mug of tea, he took a sip and made a face before offering the mug to Sherlock. Sherlock gratefully took a sip, glancing up at John.
“The park can’t be your answer for everything,” Greg said, chuckling. “How about a restaurant? What’s your favourite restaurant to take dates to?”
“What is all the noise out here?” Mycroft asked as he entered the room, the smile on his face softening his words. “It sounds like there is positively too much giggling.”
“I will be going to interrogate her tonight,” Mycroft said. “Hopefully I will find out exactly who they are, why they are here and how they knew where we were, among other things. Meanwhile, you will stay in the house with Jackie. Some of my people will be coming over as extra security. You will also be getting a firearm.”
“To allow you to grow up and develop your own personalities, to become your own people.” Sherlock sat in stony silence.
John took four pieces of toast from the toaster and put two more pieces of bread in. “Can you butter these for me?” John put a butter knife and the butter beside her at the kitchen table. Liz picked up the knife and got to work, lathering more butter onto the toast than strictly necessary. John watched as she meticulously gathered butter onto the knife and then spread it across the pieces of toast. John turned back to the eggs, running his spatula through them a couple times before scooping them all onto a plate. He put three plates onto the table and the plate of eggs.
“How much company will we be having? I was kind of hoping it would be just the two of us, for a while at least.” Greg made his way back to Mycroft and deftly slid his hand into his Dom’s. Mycroft shot a look at the realtor before leaning in close to Greg.
“As if a child could change my mood,” Sherlock scoffed, accepting Jackie into his arms and nuzzling slightly into her hair.
“Yes, well, it’s not as if I come here often.” Mycroft focused on Jackie, feeding her another piece of the toast.
“Ah.” Greg pulled Sherlock away from John by the arm. “Sherlock mate, what’s up?” He got no response.  “Look, we both know that you live for John and these cases and if you bollocks it up you will lose both, yeah?”
Sherlock sat up at the wordless tap on the top of his head. Smiling, he watched as John bustled into the kitchen, reaching for his phone that had fallen from between John’s back and the back of the sofa. He tapped happily on his phone until John returned.
John sighed, heaving himself off the sofa and onto the floor, where he knelt in front of Liz. When he got a look at her face, he noticed that tears were running down her face.
"Okay,” Sherlock agreed easily. He found, much to his chagrin, that it was easy to obey the subtle commands that John constantly gave. John was gentle and never demanded anything extraneous. At least, not so far.
“Usual formation, then. On my signal.” Mycroft watched as everyone fell into formation around and behind him. Silently he signaled for them to approach the building. They crept down the drive that connected the road to the building, silent and sticking to the shadows. Mycroft lifted his hand, signaling for two of his men to take out the two guards standing in front of the door. Silently they incapacitated the guards, leaving them alive but unconscious on the ground. The group continued silently moving in, one of the men moving forward to hack into the electronic security system. When he gave them the all-clear, the men entered the building and fanned out, all drawing their weapons. While the others would go to deal with the rest of the security, Mycroft was moving to the back of the building to find the head of the project. He went to the same secret room he had found the first time without meeting any other guards. When he got there he pressed his ear against the door like last time and, again hearing nothing, threw open the door.
It took John a moment to realize that the dark stain around Sherlock’s crotch and down his thighs was not mud, but rather urine.
Liz just looked at him, so he reached down and opened a drawer. He pulled out a box of crayons and a stack of paper and brought it over to the low table separating the chair from the sofa. He nudged them towards Liz, but otherwise didn’t say anything.
“Okay,” she said. Her feet were dragging as she walked down the street and after a few steps, she stopped and pulled on John’s hand.
John woke early the next morning and went out to the sitting room. His heart nearly stopped when he saw a dark figure hunched over on the sofa. He pulled out his wand, crossing silently around so that he was in front of the sofa. He put down his wand when he saw that it was Liz, wrapped in the afghan and looking at John with bright eyes.
“It portrayed wizards as better than every other creature on Earth,” John explained as they hurried across the hall. “The current Minister, Kinglsey Shacklebolt, is trying to better relations between wizards and other creatures, so he had it removed.”
“Okay, Happy Easter,” he said. When they had first divorced, Greg had been angry at Sarah because of her cheating, but over the years he had become rather indifferent. Finding Mycroft had helped him in that regard.
“Yes, let us depart.” Mycroft led the way, Sherlock following in his footsteps. They climbed into the black car waiting for them, settling in for the short car ride.
“Alright, let’s spread the rest of these out on every available surface and then call it a night,” Greg said, kissing Mycroft on the nose.
“I have a proposition to make,” John said as he cradled his boy in his lap. “What if, during cases, you only have to eat breakfast in the morning and a light snack in the afternoon. Would that be acceptable to you?”
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock grabbed John’s warm hand in his, noting absently how well his long fingers fit between John’s.
Sorry this one has taken a while to get up, my best friend has been in town the whole week so I haven't had time to do anything. ENJOY!
“Witches and wizards get their wands when they turn eleven, right before they go to Hogwarts. That’s the school of witchcraft and wizardry,” Rose said from behind them.
“I bet that ass could use a good spanking,” the other one said, coming around to Sherlock’s other side.
“Vegetables are boring,” Sherlock shrugged. John decided not to comment, taking another sip of his cocoa instead. “Washroom,” Sherlock grunted a few minutes later, leaning forward to put his mug on the low table. He moved to shift Liz off his lap, and she dropped her mug in order to wrap her hands in Sherlock’s shirt. The mug fell to the ground with a shatter and a crash, the rest of her cocoa spilling out. They all stared at the mug on the ground for a moment before Liz’s lower lip stuck out and she scrambled away from Sherlock and into the corner of the sofa.
“No. He was an anomaly in the family. My grandmother was a witch, but it doesn’t seem a consistent trait that is passed down in my family.”
“Now, just wait a moment-“ John started, pulling his hand out of Sherlock’s and turning towards his partner. He was interrupted by Evan.
“Yeah, you too. Bye.” Greg joined the D.I. as he was exiting the building, pulling the yellow tape down as he passed.
There was a knock on the door and Anthea poked her head in. “Sir, I have the information you requested.” At his nod, she entered the room fully and crossed to him, giving him a folder. He scanned quickly through, memorizing the folder before handing it off to John. He kept his temper carefully under control.
“And I look forward to answering them.” The elevator had arrived and Greg got on. “Bye,” he called as the doors started closing.
“Thank you for your honesty. I would like to enforce the fact that you are more than adequate, but I recognize your need for punishment, and will therefore mete it out as I see fit. But first…” Leaving the sentence hanging, Mycroft walked over to their closet and opened the drawer containing the toys and implements he and Greg had compiled in their time together. Pulling out the nipple clamps, Mycroft dangled them from his finger by the chain. Stalking slowly back to Greg, Mycroft knelt in front of Greg and snapped the first clamp onto one of Greg’s nipples, smiling gently at the small hiss that Greg emitted.
Liz looked balefully at them over her shoulder as she was coerced deeper into the daycare. John and Sherlock waved at her before turning and going out the door, walking hand-in-hand to a small café around the corner.
“Perhaps that’s enough for now,” Mycroft said after a moment, looking at the mountain of fabric now piled in their cart. Jackie just looked at him and clapped her hands, clueless to the hint of embarrassment Mycroft was feeling. Looking more sedately through the section, he picked out several packages of multi-coloured socks, some with lace, some with polka dots, and some that were plain. “That should last you for the rest of the summer, at least,” he decided, looking around. “And now, for toys.” He pushed the cart towards the toy section, hesitant as lights, colours, and sounds more overwhelming than a multi-national conference of world leaders surronded him.
Mycroft regarded Anthea for a moment as he watched her put a hand gently on Jaclynn’s back. “Yes, I suppose so. I quite fancy Jackie as a nickname, don’t you?”
“Just playing with blocks,” Greg said. “We’ve discovered knocking down blocks. Look!” Greg quickly piled blocks in front of Jackie and, without hesitating, she reached over and knocked them down. She proceeded to laugh madly, prompting Greg and Mycroft to join in.
“For someone this cute, I wouldn’t mind at all,” John cooed at Jackie. “Sherlock, give your brother his baby back.” Sherlock handed Jackie back over to Mycroft as John went to the sink to wash his hands. Instantly, Jackie calmed down. Sherlock crossed his arms and leaned against the opposite counter, watching John. “She’s very comfortable with you. Can you sit on the table for me, Mycroft?”
“I’ve contacted Dr. Watson and apprised him of the situation, he will be over tomorrow to look over the injury. You should probably get some sleep while he does, he will be difficult once he’s awake.”
Anthea dropped them off at Mycroft’s flat, promising to see that all the loose ends of the mission were tied up. Mycroft carried a sleeping Jaclynn to the elevator, keeping her close to his bare chest and making sure to keep the muslin wrapped tightly around her small form.
It had been one month since the first gathering and in the meantime Mycroft had been diligently texting Greg, although they hadn’t been able to see each other during that time. Although Mycroft wasn’t outwardly nervous, an inner turmoil was filling him. It all depended on this moment- he had already told the organizers of the experiment that he had found a sub and they were ready to let him take the position in the government, as long as he could prove he and Greg were together.
“Come on up for a little cuddle,” Mycroft said, gently putting his hands under Greg’s armpits and helping him up onto his lap.
“No, but there’s something motivating you and it’s not loyalty to the project. If it’s not money, what else could it be?” he mused aloud. “Family?” he noticed her hands tightening imperceptibly where they were clasping the legs of the chair. “That’s it. Have they threatened your family? Or made you a promise?” He saw her eyes widen marginally and she looked away from him. “A promise. Of what, a family? A baby? Ah yes, that’s it, they promised you a baby from their experiment.” He could tell that she was a single woman in her early thirties. She wanted a baby, but knew she wouldn’t be in a relationship any time soon. “My baby, perhaps?”
They were halfway through a Maury episode when Liz tugged on both their hands. John immediately turned down the volume on the telly, angling himself to show Liz she had his full attention.
“It’s not just any broom, it’s a flying broom. This was my favourite store as a child. I played Quidditch all through school.”
“No,” Sherlock pulled away, looking ridiculous with the big white ice pack pressed gingerly against his nose.
“Not right now,” John answered, shaking his head. He couldn’t handle the thought of putting anything in his stomach at the moment. Sherlock nodded his agreement and finished making their teas, bringing them to the table and sitting across from John. He slid John’s tea towards him, reaching out with the same hand and capturing John’s hand in his.
“Something I would like to keep doing,” Greg replied, a smile lighting his features once more. “I saw some seats somewhere around here, care to find them?”
“As I said earlier, Mycroft will take care of it. He holds a position in the British Governments. All of them.”
“Are you just going to let me rot here?” the handcuffed woman asked, leaning against the wall. She was pale and a little green, sweat covering her face.
“You needed to call me in for help,” Sherlock shrugged. “Clearly your force is incompetent. In some respects, at least.”
“Because she’s full of the first successful dose of our booster. She is literally all we’ve been working towards. Has she shown any symptoms since you’ve had her?”
“Right, I’ll see what I can do,” John said, and with a last nod, he slipped out the door and into the waiting room.
When he was done, Mycroft scooped her up and sat her in the crib momentarily. “How is that?” he asked as he leaned his arms against the crib’s bar, resting his head on his crossed arms. Jackie flailed her arms, knocking herself onto her back. She looked startled for a moment and then looked around her from her new vantage point, kicking her legs in the air. “Close enough to approval for me,” Mycroft said, scooping the baby up and going to the kitchen. On their way, Jackie’s stomach grumbled perceptibly. “Snack time it is,” Mycroft said, bouncing her a few times before sitting her on the counter in the kitchen. He started digging through the bags, finding a bottle and a tin of formula. “I’ll just make you up a bottle and-“ a thought occurred to him, stopping him in his tracks. “Have you begun eating solids yet?” Starting back into motion, he finished making the bottle absently and sat at the kitchen table with it, sitting Jackie on his lap and offering her the bottle one handed. She wrapped both her hands around it, helping him support it. With his other hand, Mycroft did a quick internet search. “It says here that some pediatricians think you should start to wean at 12 months. You don’t seem to be weaned yet, so we’ll have to get started on that shortly. Oh and you should start on solid food. Good thing I bought some baby food, isn’t it? Well, we’ll give that a go next mealtime, shall we?” Jackie had been happily sucking at the bottle, not needing Mycroft’s help supporting it. When she finished it she dropped it, sending it rolling across the floor and into the feet of one consulting detective.
When Sherlock turned fourteen, he started noticing changes in himself. Predominantly, he suddenly wanted to please everyone around him. It started with small things, like being more willing to do the dishes when his mother asked or leaving his older brother alone when commanded. And every time he would accomplish a task, he would be thanked and praised. Not that he wasn’t praised before he turned fourteen, because he was, but now it sent a warm thrill through him every time, encouraging him to continue being accommodating in a way it hadn’t previously. The changes happened gradually over a few months and, on the date of his fourteenth birthday, Sherlock’s parents sat him down in their living room.
Sherlock was unimpressed and, with a thunderous expression darkening his features, he sprung up and raced to his room, slamming the door behind him. Throwing himself onto his bed, Sherlock stared at the ceiling before bringing his hands up to his mouth and falling into his Mind Palace, tears coursing slowly down his cheeks.
Thoroughly confused, Greg moved to the light switch and turned it on, illuminating the shape in front of him. What he saw was a female in a paramedic’s jacket with Mycroft’s arm slung over her shoulder, clearly struggling under his weight. Greg swore and holstered his gun, hurrying so he was on Mycroft’s other side and supporting him.
“My partner, the rebellion leader,” Greg mused teasingly, picturing Mycroft in a torn undershirt and army slacks. “I could go for it,” he decided.
“Who are you? What happened?” Greg asked as they moved towards the closest bedroom, which happened to be his.
“Hi love,” he murmured. “Have a good nap? Do you need a nappy change?” He checked her nappy, but she seemed clean and dry. “Okay, let’s go say hi to Marcia.” He propped her on his hip, rubbing her leg where it rested on his waist. When they got into his room, Marcia’s face lit up.
The next day, Liz took her time choosing from the meager selection of clothes hung in her closet. She chose a navy blue long sleeve shirt and a pair of jeans, and proudly emerged from her bedroom.
“You are under arrest, anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.” D.I. Nolan quickly slapped handcuffs on the woman, taking her out of John’s grasp. “And I’ll see you two at New Scotland Yard, right behind us.” His voice left no room for argument.
“Prick,” Sherlock muttered under his breath. “Doesn’t even really want to find a mate, for Christ’s sake.”
Rushing through the open bedroom door, Mycroft spotted a tiny bottom crawling merrily towards the living room. “Oh, no you don’t,” he said, easily catching up with his long strides and scooping Jackie up and into his arms. “Good try, my love,” he said, laying a tentative kiss on the top of her head. It was the first time he had kissed her, but it felt right. “A government official almost confounded by a baby,” he said to her, shaking his head. “Not today.” Hopefully not ever, he added silently. “Come now, I was starting to get the hang of this crib. Let’s see if I can’t finish it.” Carrying her back into the room, Mycroft deposited Jackie by the blocks once more.
There is a gathering held for all the members of the experiment, with the goal of facilitating the finding of everyone's soulmate.
“Sorry,” he mumbled softly, pulling away from John after a moment and running a hand over his wet eyes.
“Good morning,” Sherlock greeted quietly, looking down to make sure Liz was still asleep. “She woke up around two this morning. She started crying so I swaddled her and cradled her until she fell back asleep.”
“Right,” he said, angrily picking up the supplies from the kit and slamming them into it. He snapped it shut and scooped it up, stomping into the bathroom. He blindly put the first aid kit away, too angry at Sherlock’s outburst to see what he was doing. As he was turning to exit the bathroom, he saw Sherlock standing there, blocking the doorway.
“It’s fine,” Greg said, smiling at the lady. “Just a small peck.” Greg rounded on Mycroft from behind the cart, leaving Jackie in the seat. He moved slowly as if approaching a spooked beast. Laying his hand slowly on the side of Mycroft’s face, he drew him down and gently pressed their lips together. The kiss only lasted a couple of seconds and was nothing more than a pressing of their lips. Pulling away, Greg smiled at Mycroft. “That wasn’t so bad, was it?” he asked gently, smiling. Mycroft spluttered for a moment before the chip and pin machine started beeping at him. Clearing his throat, he busied himself with removing the card from the machine and storing it back in his pocket. Greg scooped Jackie out of the cart and accepted the bags from the teller, proceeding out the store. He went quickly to the car and left the bags in it. The local electronics store was right beside the grocery store, which was their next stop.
Thoughts flitting relentlessly from one side of his head to another, Greg sat down on the couch and wearily rubbed his hands over his face. Scrubbing his hands briskly through his hair, Greg released a shaky breath and then dropped his hands between his knees. They blurred out of focus as he sunk into his mind, lost in the flurry of thoughts flying around like a blizzard in his brain.
“No,” she said again. “All I know is I was promised a healthy baby and one million pounds if I could bring you both in.”
“Good aim,” Sherlock praised as he held out his hands for Jackie. Mycroft hesitated for only a moment before putting Jackie in Sherlock’s outstretched arms. Sherlock took her eagerly, confident in his hold on her. As confident as he was, Jackie still fussed at being put in a stranger’s arms, kicking her legs and swinging her arms. Pulling the muslin gently from his back, Mycroft folded the soiled cloth and put it in one of the hampers he had placed in every room of the flat. He figured they would come in use.
“Yes, but if we attend once every three months, we get left alone. So we do what we have to,” John reasoned back.
When they were done Mycroft paid the bill and they headed back to the car and on towards the safe house. When they arrived, Greg pulled Jackie from the car seat and propped her on his hip, digging the carrier from the back and carrying it in his other hand. Mycroft, meanwhile, grabbed the grocery bags and brought them inside.
“If you need anything, give us a holler.” Greg leaned forward and kissed Mycroft on the cheek, pulling back when Mycroft stiffened. “Sorry, I couldn’t resist.”
John let that sink in for a moment. “What are we going to do about her?” he asked, looking over at Liz on the sofa.
“You’re too kind.” Hermione turned and looked up and down the street. “Your apartment is a few blocks away, right?”
Sherlock sighed. “What are you going to do about it?” he asked, half a challenge and half an actual question.
“No, there was just a strange bloke breathing down the phone, it was starting to get a little weird,” he answered, smile evident in his tone. “So, what’s up?”
Sherlock found himself once again in front of the mirror, this time trying to tousle his hair in that particular way that would irk his mother. He and Mycroft were preparing to leave for their weekly dinner with their parents. Every Friday, the brothers would make the drive from their downtown flat to their parents’ house on the outskirts of the city in order to satisfy their mother’s constant need to see them.
Sherlock’s hand tightened around John’s, and he looked down when he answered. “Then that’s what it is. John, I think you know by now that I will never let you go. No matter how much you push me away.”
“I am always rational,” Sherlock interrupted, his ire ruined by the tissue he was still holding to his nose.
Frustrated, he grabbed two pieces and tried to slot them together; they were half a centimeter off and wouldn’t fit together. Huffing in frustration, Mycroft picked up another slat and tried to fit it to both of the previous slats, to no avail. Growling, he scooped up one last one and jammed it into another slat, and it was a perfect fit. Shouting in triumph, Mycroft held the two pieces aloft. “Look, Jackie, I am smarter than this stupid piece of furniture!” Looking over, Mycroft was greeted with the sight of an abandoned pile of blocks, no baby in sight.
“Yes!” Sherlock’s hands balled into fists. “If you loved me you would let me not eat if I didn’t want to.”
“You were so sexy today, first figuring out who did it and then running by my side to catch the murderer.” He dragged Sherlock towards him once more.
“Of course,” Greg said, handing Jackie over to Mycroft. He pulled her close, kissing both her cheeks and tucking her under his chin, burying his nose in her hair.
“Thank you, both of you, for your help today,” John nodded to them. “Ready?” he asked Sherlock. He nodded and gripped John’s arm.
“Set the table?” Greg asked. Wordlessly Mycroft put Jackie on the floor and set about digging out two plates and cutlery. When the beans were done, Greg divided them evenly between the two plates and sat at the table. Mycroft sat across from him, picking at his beans and eating a couple at a time. Although they weren’t great, they were filling, and that was all that mattered. Jackie tried to make a break for it a few times, but Mycroft was quick enough to catch her before she could crawl out of the kitchen.
They chose an unpopular intersection and all Apparated, Sherlock side-along Apparating with John. Once they were all together, Hermione pulled out the map and pointed to the blinking light. “It says she’s near here, but unfortunately the map isn’t much more detailed than that. We’re going to have to go it by foot.”
“Ooooh, can I get new pink robes, Mummy?” Rose asked as they entered Madame Malkins. A squat woman greeted them at the front, and John informed her they were just browsing.
“Yes, well…” Sherlock cleared his throat. “Be that as it may, I don’t know what normal people do anyway.” He was studiously avoiding eye contact, squinting at the darkening sky.
“Unfortunately, I did not have time to warn the cleaners of our arrival. They come in once a week to maintain the house,” Mycroft told Greg, “but we will have to wait until tomorrow for the beds to be made and the rooms to be aired.”
“Oh, love,” Greg tutted softly, drawing Mycroft firmly to his chest. He felt the big part of his heart that was linked to Mycroft shrivel a little at his partner’s distress. “It’s okay,” he murmured mindlessly. “You’re okay.” He whispered platitudes into Mycroft’s ear as he seemed to sob every emotion out of his body. Greg was momentarily worried that Mycroft would make himself sick again with the amount that he was crying, but he assured himself that Mycroft was breathing and didn’t seem to be having ill effects other than a snotty nose and a little dehydration. He cried for what seemed like hours until he was absolutely exhausted. Then the words started.
