know you're like slowly soaking the entire mattress, right?" he said and then threw his towel into Tony's lap.
Steve tossed his shirt on the floor and then flopped down on the bed, spreading his legs wide and tugging Tony up between his thighs.
When she said Tony looked like Howard Steve tried to push the thought away. Howard had been charming, sure, but Steve had never wanted to go there. He knew what a chauvinist looked like when he saw one.
to you?" he echoed hollowly, his blue gaze tentatively flicking up. Steve didn't understand. He was from the forties and when he met Alphas he didn't start sizing them up. It just...it wasn't how it was done. "Okay. Yes. I have jealously issues, but there's no prizes for guessing why, is there?" Steve seemed to be going in the opposite direction to Tony. The louder the Alpha got, the quieter he did, as if it somehow compensated for it.
Tony paused to lick a few beads of precum off of Steve's head and then ducked to lap at his slit.  Above him he heard Steve give a weak whine of pleasure, which was almost enough for Tony not to mind Steve's balls pressed against his face.
"I'm not," she assured him quickly. "I'm just trying to explain them and figure out how we prevent this self-destructive cycle shit in the future... it's worth thinking about. How are things, anyway?"
. Steve was far too preoccupied to care. He rocked his hips back in small, circular motions, encouraging Tony inside of him every time he slide in and made Steve's back arch up again. "T-Tony...Tony. Oh my God. F-Fuck. Alpha.
"It's not exactly a sexy kind of oil. Tony!" Steve sighed, almost fondly as Tony got down onto the floor. It meant a lot that the other was prepared to do this but seeing Tony on his knees didn't exactly give Steve some special kick, it was more the anticipation of what was going to come next...
"Your lung capacity is slightly above average.  Looks like you bounced back pretty good.  Any other drugs?"
The waiter caught Steve's eye.  He didn't smile but there was a silent approval in his look.  He disappeared as quickly as he'd come.
on him, you see.  Handsome, broad-shouldered horseshoe and all."  Kerry flipped George off again, looking a bit embarrassed.
Tony exhaled again.  "It's just-- it's just that heats are really hard, what with you having to take all the drugs, and I don't want any accidents, and I'm not really the nurturing type.  And-- and I was thinking about it because of Donner. I know you probably want kids but I just-- I'd be such a shitty dad, Steve. I drink like a fish. My own dad, he drank, and he got mean, as he got older, and-- and you know, it's his fault that my mom-- I mean-- I don't want to--"
"Or people can't be bothered with him. He's a small fish," Natasha pointed out. "And if SHIELD let a double agent into Cap's house...that looks bad on them."
He let Tony take his other hand and squeeze back. "Donner told me he got accepted into Harvard law, but that he never got a chance to go," Steve said quietly. "I don't wanna just throw him into a charity. I want to
"Hey everyone!  I hope you're having a great time--" called Taylor Swift from the stage; everyone yelled and held up glasses of champagne.  "--and had a great 2010! I know next year's going to be even better. Grab a glass and someone you love, because it's nearly time!"
"Finally!  Christ! You people!" shouted Tony into the phone.  He turned to Donner. "Come on, get your shoes, we're going to pick up Steve."  He turned back to his cell. "Where is he? I'm getting my keys."
"So, yeah. No concerns really. I don't think it's all that controversial," Steve breathed with a small smile. Banksy smiled in turn. Danielle nodded.
"We have less than twenty minutes before they realise something is up," Natasha added quietly.  "...if we're lucky."
But despite that, Tony felt pretty good about this.  The audience was cooing, awwing, and laughing. Banksy and Boswell were bouncing off each other with their usual charisma and they were balancing the questions between sweet and serious.
Steve's smell was pleasant and there was no indication he was angry at Tony, though.  Tony took this as a good sign.
Tony sighed heavily.  "As ready as I'll ever be," he said.  Being Captain America's back-up had to be about the most pointless position in the world.  Tony understood, inherently, that Steve was being asked to recover the thing, not Tony. Tony was there by pure coincidence.  Fury had called Steve, asked Steve, and had no real need for Tony, who, without a suit, was really nothing more than a guy with above-average intelligence.
The childish, blood-deprived part of him wanted to point that out to them.  Let them know that even though they all looked the same age, Steve was older, both literally and in life experience.  He bit his tongue. He didn't know what nearly getting kidnapped entitled him to but Steve figured he could at least get away with not being polite right now, if things came down to it.
"That sounds rough," the doctor hummed. Steve found his combination of concern and normalization fairly comforting.  "To examine you properly you're going to have to lie down, Captain.  Is there a more private place for us to chat?  A place you'd feel comfortable?"
The man put his hands up.  "Whoa, whoa, whoa! Calm down, buddy!  Jesus! It's okay, c'mon, we're all aces here!  I didn't know you were a fan!"
Natasha appeared in the doorway looking stoic, hands clasped in front of her. She walked up to Tony and Steve but kept to a safe distance, knowing Tony could easily get defensive right now. She looked over at Tony, meeting his gaze.
She laughed.  "...are you kidding me?  C'mon, own up. Was it my hair?"  Bucky tilted his head a little. Cece's smile faltered.  "...your omega is a man, isn't he?"
Love. Such an overwhelming and ambiguous thing before now. But being with Tony made it seem so simple. He nudged their noses together with a faint smile. "I'm glad you felt you could tell me," he murmured and then slipped away to settle in the bath.
"Steve is okay , I think. I don't know. He never likes it when Tony drinks. But then, who does?" Aria shrugged as she moved to pour them both a glass. "Tony hasn't been acting guilty, if that's what you were wondering." She hummed as she picked up a glass for herself and took a sip.
"I'm happy for you.  ...really, I am," said Pepper sincerely, lowering the folder a fraction of an inch.  "I really care about you, Tony.  You deserve to be happy."
"I've heard of a guy named Selvig," said Tony, tenting his fingers and swiveling in his chair. "He's an astrophysicist.  He's from Culver.  Culver turns out some the best, most brilliant, most hilarious unstable whackjobs you've ever seen.  They had Banner, too, before
"Sure," she hummed and glanced up to meet Steve's gaze. "But I think that the example you set is an important one." There was something she was holding back - probably about collars. Steve fought back a frown.
"Yeah!  Yeah, she's in the field but I already let her know, as soon as she's back in the States you can meet her, and--"  Clint swiped furiously at his eyes. "--and I got a place for us and-- and so many people for you to meet, Barney."  Tears were streaming down his face. "And stop grabbing my hair and yanking me around. I have a hearing aid now, I can hear you fine, I don't gotta read your lips."
Fortunately the discussion was interrupted by the arrival of Agent Mackenzie.  He was tall, dark-skinned and broad-shouldered. "Who's lovin' it?" he asked, holding up a couple of large McDonald's bags.  "I got everyone breakfast... figured we'd need the caffeine... how are the love birds?" He surveyed the room. "Uh-oh. What's wrong?"
Tony's brain was already trying to do the math.  They were at Northwell, which was in Rego Park, and he'd seen Queens Boulevard just a few blocks away.  They were probably only two miles from the Expo.  But once the suit was off, he would have to get back to the hospital, and traffic was a mess and he couldn't just leave Steve here.
"Tony," corrected Tony automatically.  "Thanks. You too. I mean--" He fumbled a little.  He'd been racking up a rather impressive tab.
"And remember what Aria said, about omegas being brainwashed?  Steve, you gotta get in there and talk to all those omegas with the collars and tell 'em they're equals.  And they'll listen to you... you're an omega, too, and you're bonded and you'll be in a collar... oh, man, and just imagine, remember when Malick tried to order for you, and then I stepped in?  Imagine... imagine how many times someone will try to boss you around, and then I, as you Alpha, tell you not to... they can't complain about you being out of control if I'm 'ordering' you to
Tony tiptoed back into the bedroom to get a suit.  He tied his own tie in the only knot he knew, a half-Windsor, because he didn't want Pepper touching him in case it set Steve off.
"Listen," said Rhodey.  "You walk out here, and change you mind, you can go back.  We're not kidnapping you. We're just giving you an out. We're opening a door.  We're already handing over five hundred grand... you might as well try it. You wanna come back, you can, but why would you want this, Donner?  Why would you want to hang around Alphas who kick you around?"
Steve was kind of surprised how much this was about getting knocked up. There was a whole other talk on pregnancy, after all. But apparently 'good sex' just equated to getting pregnant. Steve didn't know why but he found that notion slightly depressing.
And then Steve sank back under, letting the words hang in there. He wanted Tony to think about what he said, not just get defensive off the bat. Because that wouldn't get them anywhere.
"How's your wrist?" she asked as she patted Steve's cheek, trying to wake him up. Steve's eyes fluttered but he didn't really
"They're mostly in the south now," Phil explained to him, unperturbed by Tony and Ty's mini-fight. "The south are always playing catch up, I’ve found. I've never been in one myself. It’s generally outside of SHIELD’s jurisdiction.  I don't really know what they do to someone in there; they’re fairly hush-hush about their methods. They were a lot more medieval back in the eighties and nineties. I assume they no longer resort to surgical intervention, but again, I don’t really know what they do."
That question though... it made him pause. Steve swallowed.  "If I felt like I could communicate with him then this would be a lot simpler. I don't even know if he's capable of communication, Tony. I'm not even sure he's still...a person anymore," Steve whispered and felt almost mournful. If Bucky had died in the fall it might have been easier than this...seeing him as a weapon for the very cause that he died fighting against, that wasn't easy. It made Steve feel sick that they'd ruined the memory of him like that.
"That guy gives me the creeps," Sharon whispered. Steve was oddly quiet still, his mind churning through different ways Gideon's body could end up in a ditch and it not be traced back to him.
Steve's eyes narrowed. "You couldn't handle me," he replied coolly and slammed his hotel room door a little louder than necessary when he walked inside.
"...you... bought us collars," said Tony. holding the box without opening it.  He stared into the middle distance for a moment. "...so you still want to go to that AU conference.  ...okay. Sounds good."
On the other hand, heats were already terrible. Remembering to take all the meds and dealing with the risk of pregnancy wasn't fun... especially considering the fact that Steve almost definitely couldn't cope with the emotional side of an abortion.
Tony's mind wandered back to Natasha and Clint.  They were bonded, but didn't have children.  A result of their weird biology or a conscious, deliberate choice?  Female Alphas occupied a strange place in society and few ended up with children.  But Tony had noted the subtle shift in Natasha's tone, her words... it was yet another piece of SHIELD's vast network of secrets that Tony filed away for later use.  He didn't trust Fury and he didn't trust SHIELD.  He was happy to join, if only to protect Steve and spend more time punching stuff in the suit, but he wasn't going to let them hide things from him.  No.  He wanted his hands on every dossier they had.  He wanted to know everyone's secrets.
Seven was a young ginger boy who looked like he had only just turned seventeen. He was one of the tallest too. "I'm nervous," he said, green eyes flitting over Steve.
"Sorry. I didn't mean to stop you," Ty said and side stepped towards the breakfast bar but kept to the opposite side of Gleason.
Steve slithered under the sheets next to him and studied his face.  Tony studied his back, trying not to ogle his body.  Steve's physique was so ridiculously flawless it was almost criminal.  His pecs.  His abs.  God, it was like they'd crossed a beefalo with a linebacker.  Tony was by no means scrawny; he worked out, he boxed with Happy, he dragged heavy equipment all over the lab... he was actually pretty proud of his body.  But next to Steve's, it was nothing.
Steve looked up at him with those gorgeous blue eyes and asked to leave, and Bucky's heart fell.  He had no clue how to accommodate that request. He looked around the room desperately. There had to be a solution.  He wanted to give his omega everything. He had to.
"Just a little," Steve hummed, spotting Aria laughing with a group of people he didn't know. "Have you been getting on okay? I know that the end of the conference was a little..."
they do?" asked Tony, hoping everyone would come to their senses and realize how pointless the babies were.
Tony tore a hole through the floor with a jack hammer and another through the ceiling with a sledge hammer.  It all would have gone faster if he could use the suit, but his blood toxicity was so high and his condition so unstable, he didn't dare risk it.  Instead, he did things the old-fashioned way, wearing not a mech suit but a pair of ratty old jeans and a wife beater.
"Oh, no," she said quietly, automatically looking over her shoulder.  "...no... are you sure?  Can't you stop it?"  Tony was impulsive and reckless and posturing on the best of days; around an omega in heat, he was sure to be unbearable.  Suddenly, Tony's actions made a lot more sense, especially his overly aggressive confrontation with Hammer.  "...just now?  ...today?  ...does Tony know?"  Her mind was spinning, trying to figure out the best way to handle this new problem.  She felt a small sense of guilt for thinking of Steve's biology as a "problem," but she couldn't afford to be politically correct right now.  An omega in heat in Steve's position, surrounded by Alphas, was like a piece of meat in a dog kennel.
.  The issue wasn't that Tony didn't like that.  The issue was Steve's status.  And Tony hated himself for discovering that, even though he respected Steve, he couldn't fully relinquish power to him.
"It depends on the omega," sad Eric with an expansive shrug.  "I hardly ever hit Piper. She's a good girl. Sometimes discipline is about withholding rewards instead of actual punishment, you know, skipping dinner or making them sleep on the floor instead on in your bed.  ...not that Frond's all about discipline," he added quickly, because Tony had a look of disgust on his face. "You have to balance it with rewards. ...I think Frond would be particularly interested in your... unique... well... he's... you know," said Eric, fumbling a bit.
"But we're going up to the lodge today.  We're allowed to go up to the lodge, right?" demanded Tony.
Maybe Tony was just confused; he was utterly disoriented; at some point he'd realized he was no longer actually upright but was upside down, sliding along the pavement in a blur of hot tarmac and metal and fire.  Interesting, although time had sped up outside his head,
He accidentally picked a hole into the cup of coffee, which prompted spilled all over him.  Tony looked mildly surprised by this and looked up at Steve in alarm, as if to ask him if he'd known there was coffee in the cup all along.  Then he looked down at himself.
"Tony! Tony.  Oh my gosh. I'm not going to-- last-- I c-cant..." Steve wasn't going to last long like this. It had been over two months since he'd felt this kind of sensation and the way Tony's fingers crooked up inside of him was driving him insane. He shuddered beneath him and let out a broken sound. "Oh,
He pulled back with a dazed sort of expression on his face, feeling giddy from all the excitement. Almost like he was drunk. Steve leant down to kiss Tony's bottom lip and then nipped at it. "Beach?"
He swigged the orange juice, then added, casually, "I saw Gleason on the way out.  He, uh, gave me like... like a pamphlet for some support group."
"Hey, hey. I get it." Rhodey felt like he was comforting a child, or something, not a grown-ass man. From this angle he could spot a purple bruise on Donner's shoulder and even little crescent shaped nail marks in his skin. He swallowed. Jesus. It was a good thing that had Gleason on stand by, because Donner was going to need medical attention and a rape kit. There was no doubt about it.
. It felt so good to clean his hair, for starters, and the pungent smell of the shampoo got rid of the smell of antiseptic that seemed to follow him everywhere. He had to dress back in the same clothes-- a loose, starched hospital gown-- but being clean underneath made it
Tony rubbed his eyes, pushing his glasses up momentarily, then blinked, stifling a yawn.  His brow furrowed. "Are you... are you in heat?"
"Nick assigned an unbonded omega not on suppressants to an unbonded Alpha?" asked Tony incredulously.
"There! Look!" Aria pointed to a screen. Outside on the grass near the pool was a boy and a girl. They looked young, seemingly harmless, and nothing like HYDRA. Or at least, nothing like how Aria had imagined them to be. "Who are they? Are they SHIELD?"
"You wanna order dinner?" he asked Tony around seven. Steve looked up and trailed his fingers along his Alpha's jaw. "Your work going well?"
them were very different things, and he didn't want to alienate himself from the Horseshoe Society entirely. But then he also wasn't really sure he was their style, being a soldier and all that. But then, Steve liked Danielle too...maybe he was biased. "But I'd need to talk to Aria about it. She has all my dates down, and everything."
then you would let him go, because you full well know that you aren't a good Alpha. Not to him. Not to anyone."
"...it occurs to me that, as a guy who was born in nineteen-eighteen, this might be a little overwhelming," said Tony as Happy pulled up to the curb.  A monorail glided above them; below them, a bassline was pounding up through the concrete.  Neon signs were everywhere.
"We need to find the hospital wing," Steve whispered to Tony. "They could be doing operations right now! We need to stop them before the fuck up anyone else."
"I know how to... tie a tie normally? Can't we just YouTube it, isn't that what kids do nowadays?" Steve asked, half joking. He knew that his terrible approach to technology was usually enough to make Tony smile.
Steve moved to hesitantly place the box in Tony's hand, their fingers brushing briefly. There was identical box still in the bag. "I thought velvet looked nice. Soft. Not cold. And not made of metal." That had honestly been Steve's main priority. He hated the cold in every shape or form.
"Ready to go behave myself at some board meetings, go over some quarterly earnings," said Tony with a forced smile.
"Yours," Steve whispered as he ran his hands through Tony's hair and soothed him off to sleep. Eventually he managed to half drift off too. He dozed off peacefully with his Alpha curled around him. He felt safe and home for
“Morning, Mr. Stark,” Steve greeted him, as professional as ever.  He figured he would act like everything was fine.  Because it was, fine, that is. Tony employed him (well, SHIELD did, but Tony didn't need to know that, yet). They didn’t have to agree on
Tony sprawled out on top of Steve, panting heavily, trembling and weak.  Holy shit, they hadn't had sex like that since Yemen. Even
Tony picked up one of the bands and put it on the ring finger of his left hand, then opened and closed his hand like he was testing it out.  "...welp. It took me a year, but I'm finally gonna make an honest man outta you, Steve," said Tony glibly.
It was probably at least another twenty minutes until he heard Tony coming upstairs. Steve pushed himself up onto his elbows. The omelette looked a liquid-y and the bacon a little burned on the sides. But Tony had made it and that was what counted.
"Is this good enough?  Now can we mate?" he asked desperately, eagerly.  "I got you out of there and there's no cameras in this room.  Is this good enough? Have I completed my objective now?"
Pepper materialized.  "Oh, Lord, Tony! You reek like booze!  Okay... okay, I'm going to go get him some coffee and try to sober him up before the...
Tony walked out into the sunshine, blinking a little.  The last two months indoors in Colorado had ruined his tan, something he maintained by doing a lot of lounging by the pool, partially inebriated.
Across the room, a small crowd of men in suits and women in evening gowns had gathered around two omegas that they'd instructed to fight; one was thoroughly thrashing the other, ruthlessly throttling the man he'd been standing by pleasantly only moments earlier.  The man with his hands around the other's throat was looking up for instructions, looking hopelessly torn between obeying and not killing his maybe-friend.
It was a collection of picture frames made out of pieces of wood, all of them entwined together to create five separate frames. Each held a drawing Steve had done. The sketches were light and happy, not weighed down with heavy shading and thick lines. You had to look closely to see the details. You had to really
He drove them back. By the time Steve had parked in the garage he realized he'd have to go out again in just half an hour for his therapy session that night. It seemed today wasn't going to let up on him just yet. A strange thought lingered in the back of his head for the entire drive.
"Yes, Director Fury.  That's what he's experiencing.  I can't wave a magic wand and make this any more interesting for you.  A person's subconscious sometimes goes strange places."
Steve let out a broken sound as Tony's tongue pushed inside of him. He choked, his hands fisting tightly in the sheets with the effort of keeping still. It took everything inside of him not to push back onto his tongue, seeking out more. Steve would accept what was given to him.
Tony didn't hear her.  He was stared toward the back of the plane.  His arms had broken out in goosebumps.  He felt like he was under some sort of mind control.  He was practically panting; he reached up to loosen his tie.  He felt hot.
"Okay, okay, great, can we go on vacation now?" demanded Tony, clearly not listening.  He picked up a bottle of wine from the bar and poured it, then looked up at where Clint was perched on top of the fridge.  "You want some cabernet, gargoyle?"
This had led to a minor scandal back in the early eighties, when Howard Stark had tried to start up a charity to give every child in Wakanda a StarkTech version of a Palm Pilot, which was, at the time, not yet released on the market and considered absolutely cutting-edge, technologically speaking.  (Howard didn't believe in traditional aid but felt that education was the key to success.)  Wakanda had refused to accept his offer; in a fit of irate offense, he had flown a plane over their country and dropped the technology himself by the crateful, which had led to a bout of furious UN meetings.  (Wakanda was very weird about having their airspace invaded, for some reason.)  Howard had missed Tony's twelfth birthday over the whole debacle.
Tony wriggled his hips, seeking more, wanting to knot him, wanting that more than anything; he felt Steve's body stretching, protesting, tense, taut--
"Look, I have a few buddies here at the port.  We could go now and just meet him there," suggested Charlie.  "I doubt
He only perked up when he saw Sam directing Steve towards corner table their corner table.  Steve moved to sit by him immediately, finding his hand under the table and taking it. Steve could have his own panic later; reassuring Tony was more important than anything else right now. He wasn't even thinking about Bucky anymore- only Tony.
He liked to draw people best when they didn't know they were being drawn. Steve used to draw Bucky and Peggy and the Howling commandos when they weren't looking. Steve hoped they found his old sketchbooks back at camp. He liked to think he left something personal behind. All the history around him so vague and often incorrect. Maybe he should email the Smithsonian or something.
A quiet sound escaped from the back of Steve's throat as lips parted and Tony's tongue was in his mouth. His Alpha was everywhere, all over him and around him and making his head spin. Steve shivered against him.
Donner shuddered a little as the afterbirth came out, but he was clearly more interested in examining his baby, checking her hands, counting her toes, smelling her head, smiling at her bright, staring eyes.
"You have some real issues with your father, don't you?" asked Natasha with the same sort of pleasant tone one might use to comment on the weather.
"Look, let me call Fury and have him call Pierce or Hawley.  They can at least confirm if he got sucked into the STRIKE team that's outposted over there," said Phil reasonably.  "If not, then he's probably just having a beer somewhere. I really think you're over-reacting. Steve can take care of himself."
"Tony can stay," Steve said softly, glancing over at Sam. He really had nothing to hide anymore. That was it. He was done.
Tony found George's utter lack of politeness and offensive sense of humor refreshing; several people in the room looked upset, though, so he decided to switch the topic back to that great unifier of people, pizza.  "So... lunch. Ian needs his gluten fix," he said.
Natasha got in and strapped in, frowning a little as she began flipping switches and checking meters, preparing for take-off.  "I don't get it, Steve. I heard from Clint, who talked to Phil, that when you brought him here, he was feral.  He attacked Fury. But you two had a perfectly peaceful drive over. ...around you, he's still at least partially there.  And you didn't answer my question. Not that it's my business. But I wouldn't tell Tony, if you did. ...anyway, where do you want to go first?"
"You don't wanna get on my bad side, kid," he said, voice slow. The Alpha squirmed beneath him, trying to get free. Steve slammed his head into the floor again, but not hard enough to knock him out. He knew the limits and extents of his own strength well, although it had been a messy learning curve at the beginning.
Steve swore he could see fire or gauze or something, and it was stretching, and he could almost feel his body growing, time pulling his body in two directions, his spine elongating, his muscles pulling out like taffy, spooling out like string.  It wasn't an altogether unpleasant feeling, but very uncanny.
He was no less impressed when she tore across the stage toward Vanko and, with a flying leap, landed on his shoulders, wrapping her arms around his neck.  He stumbled and the second whip loosened enough for Steve to get free.
Jarvis nodded his agreement.  "No, ma'am."  He made no move to leave and Tony wondered if you could cancel a 911 call like cancelling a pizza.  It occurred to him that Jarvis had probably never made the call in the first place.  Nick clearly not a threat and undoubtedly Jarvis had a certain sense of unspoken omega solidarity with him.
Right. Of course. Steve sighed fondly, planting his hands on his hips as he tried to decide if he would offer Tony a hand to get out or not. Honestly, he didn't trust him not to pull Steve in too. He was drunk and would no doubt like to see Steve soaking wet. "Are you enjoying the party, Donner?" Steve asked, glancing sideways at him.
we mated, I found out about Barnes.  Another thing you lied to me about. About already having a mate.  And then, less than two hours ago,
Tony didn't take longer than a second to admire his mate naked except for the collar, because Steve was practically crying with desperation; Tony flopped back down on him, propping himself up with his elbows and resuming his massage behind Steve's ears.  Steve's breath was hitching and Tony was pretty sure he was already on the edge of orgasm. But the moment he was touching Steve's glands, that rich, complex, musky smell was back and Tony's brain flipped off again, to the begging omega under him.
Finally, he said, "Barney was the only family I had left.  My parents got killed when I was a kid. Car accident. We went in an orphanage, all-omega.  Ran away. He got traded. But that was twenty-two years ago, Steve. Barney would be in his forties now, and... after twenty-two years... if he didn't find me and I didn't find him..."  Clint let it hang.
While the rest of them chatted, Tony was still trying to get Steve's attention.  "Please, Steve, talk to me, why do you think I left you? I love you so much. Can't you feel me?  Can't you smell me?"
"I'm fine," said Tony.  He glanced at Steve.  "I'm... I'm at a friend's.  Oh.  And I made a new element.  Look, it's a long story, and I was about to take a nap.  Let's do brunch tomorrow.  I'll tell you all about it."
One yelled something in Russian but it was garbled by a sudden round of gunfire from Fury's position on the ground and a line of holes appeared in Steve's wall, where there had once been a picture of him and Phil in front of the Capitol building that had thankfully been moved to Tony's house.
"I don't like snow," blurted Steve suddenly.  "I don't like cold.  I died in it once, you know."  His voice dropped to a whisper as his fingers became focused on the task at hand. He huffed in annoyance. "Natasha! Your box is broken!"
of Steve being compromised set him off, hit some button he didn't know he had; he hadn't felt this way since... well, two years ago...
He was too close.  The collider had heated up the room and Tony could smell him.  Adrenaline was coursing through his body.  He was shaking slightly.
it to be unpleasant.  Wanted Steve to see just how serious he was.  Wanted Steve to know he'd gladly sacrifice his own comfort for Steve's.
!"  She was trying to wipe sweat off of Steve's face, but Tony was blocking her, practically crawling over Steve in an effort to hide him, growling quietly.  "Okay, okay! I'll get him a blanket... stop it, don't bite me--"
"Shh... shh, shh, I'm all yours, I'm here for you," murmured Tony.  Gently, he slid the collar around Steve's neck; it clicked; Tony took a half-second to appreciate the scene before him, Steve Rogers, naked and shimmering with sweat, arching and whimpering, the jeweled collar heavy on his neck, the sapphires complimenting his eyes perfectly.
and then they treat them like dirt when they get back.  Big whoop, he's got a prosthetic.  How's that supposed to help him if he's having night terrors and he's so strung out he can't even get a job?"
"They're not Luke Cage, you moron, if you hit them in the head, they'll die just like any other person!"
"I'm not hot wiring a bike.  Bikes are very easy to track," said Bucky sulkily.  Didn't Steve know anything?
Also, remembering how he'd casually bet Steve without thinking after saying he wouldn't made his heart pound.  Was he a bad person? Fuck. What if he had lost to Ron? Tony hadn't remembered the bet with Ron until just now and guilt ate away at him.
Tony smiled lazily.  "I gotta admit, I like Barton.  He's fun."  Tony stretched slightly, running a knee against Steve's thigh.  "You think they'll let me on the Dream Team?  ...I mean, they wouldn't've had you tailing me unless they thought I would be a good asset, right?"  Tony's voice softened.  "I wanna stay with you.  Steve, with my resources, we'd be unstoppable.  And your crew is in serious need of an upgrade, I mean, look, it's you three, and as far as I can tell, you've got you and Natasha punching shit and you've got Clint shooting bows and arrows.  You need a technical guy.  Me."  He gestured to himself with a soft splash.  "You wrote me a good review, right, and I mean, the suit is ready to rock-and-roll... I got nothing else going on in my life... I can start Monday, right?  Sign me up for the field test.  The suit can do anything you can do.  Probably more, honestly.  Yeah.  You take your test, and, uh, I can take one, y'know, like right after, and we'll start together, right?"
He was hungry (sex and sleep always made him hungry), but Steve didn't get up quite yet. It was also evident that Tony wanted to be the one to take the collar off of him, not for him to take it off himself.
Tony shrugged helplessly; he had no clue where Clint had been born or even what his middle name was (thought he hoped it was Francis so he could make fun of him later).
Tony made a mental note to Google how the fuck omegas worked when he got home.  He didn't want to look like a moron in front of Steve.  He was supposed to be the "experienced" one.  Steve was a virgin and he'd been frozen in his late twenties.  Tony was supposed to know this stuff.  But most of what he knew wasn't technical or psychological; it was mostly stuff he'd gathered from porn and
"Steve-" Natasha placed a hand on his knee as the door slipped shut behind Tony. "You have to tell him."
"I want to go after HYDRA. I want to make them sorry they even thought they could do this. I want to make them
Donner's eyes welled up and he twisted the end of his shirt.  He looked desperately from Steve to Gideon, clearly moments away from having a break down.
"I called you because you're an omega and I want an omega's perspective on bonding," said Tony.  "Seriously, I have no idea how anything works  Toss me a bone, Barton.  I suck at biology."
Of course, they were also here for Peggy.  Tony was just hoping it wouldn't be too embarrassing for him.
Steve surfaced just before his lungs began to burn in protest.  His eyes were the same blue as the water, beads of liquid clinging to the ends of his blond hair.  Tony eyeballed him.  He could be an Abercrombie model, the way he looked in water.
"You're a commodity to him. We both are. And we're both better than him. And I'm gonna keep saying that until you believe me, okay? And I know you still don't. And I know you're probably gonna go back to him. But I had to do this, I had to try and prove to you what a sleaze bag he is. You deserve so much better. Because if you go back to him today, after everything, then I'll never goddamn forgive myself."
He was panting a little with the effort.  Carrying Steve was a hell of a lot harder than it had been when Steve was ninety pounds.  He set the omega on the gleaming wooden table in the middle of the room. The lights were off and the room had a strangely empty air about it.
"Steve," said Tiberius, gently.  He reached over and touched Steve lightly; Steve's body shuddered involuntarily.  "You're nearly through your heat. Only one or two days to go. Right now you're very sensitive... I'm sure both of you will feel better when this is over."
"...no, Tony," said Pepper softly, climbing onto the bed on her knees and hugging Tony's head.  Tony leaned his head onto his chest, shivering violently; when she looked down, she could see the large, raised scar on his neck through his hackles, which were still spiked up in alarm.  "You'd know if he was.  You'd feel the bond break.  He's not dead.  ...but you need to make sure he's okay," she reiterated after a moment of rocking him.
Tony stared at the other omega in alarm.  The other omega was standing within reach of Tony, but very obviously just out of reach of Steve.
"It's up to him how involved he wants to get," Steve said decisively. They went to go find a taxi to take them back to the hotel. They could have just walked but they both wanted to be warmer already.
Tony opened it and stared at Pepper.  He was wearing sweatpants, no shirt, and had a bottle of liquor in one hand.  "What?" he demanded.
"Well, folks," said Tony.  He managed to look cool and collected, even in the old blood-splattered t-shirt he was wearing.  "Obviously, Steve and I are extremely disappointed that what was supposed to be a fun, sunny announcement was twisted into an unprecedented and violent attack.  We're working closely with authorities, and a full investigation has been launched.  Needless to say, until further notice, the Expo is officially on hiatus.  Sorry, Ars Technica.  You're gonna have to actually write your own stories for the rest of the year.  Regarding our bond, we'll be giving another interview sometime next week; until then, we'd like some privacy to enjoy our honeymoon in peace.  But I know there's one big question on everyone's minds and I don't want to keep you waiting, so let me just address that now. "
Steve frowned when he heard the breathing. There was something oddly sinister about it.  "Nat, are you okay?"
"I saw the girl. And a man. The man called me your property," Steve said with a bad taste in his mouth. "It was...just a test run. They just wanted to see if they could do it."
wouldn't try to kill Tony.  But his old mate would. Tony stole his omega," pointed out Pepper. She looked up at the expressionless mask of the Mark VI.  "Stand down, Six."
From where he was sat Steve could spot a couple giggling in the corner, both betas and both clearly a little tipsy. To their right was a pool table which a group of middle-aged men were currently milling around. "We should try and play pool later," Steve said. He was aware he might well lose (he was never that good) but he'd played it a lot with the Howlies before.   (He had broken three cue sticks; the problem was no longer his reflexes but his strength.  He had a tendency to launch balls into walls if he wasn't careful.)
The way Bucky was moving was almost unnatural and sinister. Steve watching a wispy puff of smoke leave his lips. He could almost see Bucky hanging out of their apartment window, half blushing when he caught Steve drawing him, sticking his tongue out teasingly.
"Dog tags!  Blue! Rejection!  Crying. Freight car.  Rusted. Longing. Homecoming.  Blood. Consent." His eyes snapped open suddenly; he sat bolt upright.
Steve distinctly remembered walking out after that meeting and finding Peggy shaking her head slowly at him.
There was a click, a release, and Tony was free from the gantry, enclosed in his suit, like a deep-sea diver, removed from the world by hundreds of pounds of metal gears.  He'd never felt claustrophobic in the helmet; the detachment from the real world was actually sort of comforting.
Tony eyeballed Annette thoughtfully.  "Yeah... yeah, just for a sec. 'Scuse me Reed, Steve..."  He rose, smoothing down his suit, following Annette toward the bar.  Tony often got claustrophobic at black-tie affairs and he wasn't really kidding about needing a drink.
Tony didn't say anything. Steve figured he'd fill the silence. "I know you're mad and you have every right to be. And I regret what I did, honestly-- but I'm glad I wrote that report. Which you should still read," he added and then paused. "And I'm glad I got to know you," Steve murmured, tone sincere as ever as he moved to get a mug out of his cupboard.  It had an American flag on it with the word "PATRIOT" on it in an overly swirly script.  Natasha had gotten it for him.  She thought it was funny; Steve was raised to be practical and not wasteful, so he used it even though it was sort of silly.
Tony paused, because Steve was effectively blocking the other Alpha and the omegas and he wasn't about to hit Steve.  His whole body was quaking with a low growl. His face had a slightly grey pallor and was clammy, like he was about to throw up; the reason was obvious.  He clung his right hand to his chest, and it was obviously swollen and painful.
, isn't he?"  He cast a fond glance over at Steve.  They'd detached for the first time all night so Steve could make his good-byes to the president.
"Pep, take a personal day, will you?" said Tony, stretching his right arm behind his back.  It made a pop like knuckles cracking and Pepper winced.
Steve's nails dug into the wood of the door. JARVIS said something but he didn't hear it. All Steve was aware of was the slipperiness between his thighs and the longing ache in his chest which made him feel almost sick. He felt wrong. Incomplete. He needed... something. Someone. Steve's nails began to cut into the wood, maybe it hurt. He frowned. He wasn't sure. He couldn't feel it and he didn't much care if it did.
Bucky was still not comfortable around her and mostly spoke to Pietro.  Steve had said that bonding meant trusting your omega when you had no one else.  Bucky had no one, but he had Pietro and Wanda, and Pietro was an omega, so he decided to take orders from Pietro until he was able to rendezvous with Steve.  Wanda was nicer to him and reassured him she wouldn't be breaking into his mind anytime soon, but he had no response.
Cooper's excitement was infectious; Lila shrieked with delight and grabbed a fistful of Natasha's shirt.  Laura passed her over; Lila babbled "Aunna Natnasha!
"Thanks Rhodey," Steve was smiling properly now. "I better go get some pants on Tony though, or at least an apron...just to be safe." He winced a little and Rhodey chuckled quietly. "And really, you don't owe me one. After Yemen, I owe you. And I'd be lying if I said I probably won't enjoy it at least a little... I
It was one omega out of sixteen hundred, but Steve still felt like a failure. They'd saved so many kids today. But he couldn't save Donner, his own goddamn cousin, from just one man. He was physically shaking with anger and there was a tightness in his chest, like he almost couldn't breathe. Steve leaned against a tree heavily for support. The bark felt rough under his fingertips. He belatedly noticed he had red knuckles from when he'd punched through the wall, the odd splinter sticking out of his skin. He hadn't even noticed the pain before but know it felt like it was burning. Steve's eyes watered. "You're a monster," he seethed.
No wonder some people were calling their bond arranged, a political alliance.  Tony didn't think Steve needed to hear about those rumors.  The poor guy looked exhausted.
Stark?  Howard Stark, the guy in the photo?  The guy who had upset the girl at Baby's and paraded around Captain Rogers?
Steve was having none of it; he was already jogging down a fight of stairs.  Tony followed unhappily.
"Right.  You and I will take the closer two. Sam and Tony can go get the further, one then come back around for the assault. We have to time this perfectly okay? You two don't strike until me and Natasha are inside that building. It's crucial."
"Being bonded isn't about sex.  It's about a connection and fulfilling instinctual and natural roles.  Omegas love to please. Don't tell me you haven't noticed that Steve craves your praise and attention, that's he's nurturing towards you?  And you... you're protective of him. People who are statused have these natural instincts; it's foolish to pretend they don't exist." She stared out over the balcony contemplatively.  "It can be a burden. At times, I envy betas."
His memory, he'd come to realize, was very poor.  He frequently asked Karpov for clarifications. Half the time he got an explanation but the other half, Karpov would curse Dr. Ludheim to hell and say that he shouldn't even be asking that and his program was failing and it was all von Strucker's fault, that pig-headed
Tony forced a smile back.  Gene reminded him slightly of Justin, the way he oozed charm, the way he acted so smooth.  The difference between him and Justin was that Justin
Steve watched Bucky collapse in on himself and writhe in apparent agony with an odd kind of gleam in his eyes. He knew exactly what Bucky was feeling; the sensation ached in his own chest. Steve had felt it once too; every night when Bucky had brought girls home, pushing his hands away from him.  Yes, he'd felt it.  He knew it well.
"Hey," Aria waved to Tony with a smile. "Hey. Those pancakes smell good!  Did you actually make them?"
"Hey," he suddenly piped up. "Would you, er... like to come visit Peggy with me, sometime? Like, no pressure obviously. It's just...if you wanted to."
"Well I'd love to be able to pee right now, in all honesty," Steve breathed. It was hard to meet their gazes. It was like...he's betrayed them, or something. But really, he'd just let them down. He'd kind of gone AWOL in the past two months, the calmest period being when he actually took the time to visit Peggy.
Tony wondered how in the hell Natasha dealt with Clint being dragged out on missions, all alone.  If someone tried to take Steve to New Mexico by himself, Tony would lose it.  Supposedly, though, those feelings got easier to handle with time.
Tony tried to reply, forgetting his mouth was full, so instead he made a muffled sound of dismissal.  He pulled off Steve quickly, forgetting they were knotted, yanking Steve with him painfully, and a second later the two of them had crashed to the ground.
"It's nothing.  Nothing you're doing," he reassured Steve quickly, closing his eyes and reaching down to run a hand through his hair.  "Just.... just mad at myself over something.  Don't worry about it.  I like... this."  He paused, then added, "...Captain."
"Nat, I'm 27...sort of. You can't have a midlife crisis when you're 27," Steve sighed, touched by her concern but frustrated by it too. "And you know very well that if I hadn't done this on my own bat Fury would have persuaded me not to. I just had to, Nat. I found bugs in my apartment. And on my laptop. I'm not willing to work with him now, at all. He was
"Oho!  What are you up to over here?" he said to Steve, like Steve was a child that had wandered off from its mother.  "Where's Tony?" He scanned the crowd. Tony was easy to find. He was getting a lot of attention due to his lack of clothes.  There was apparently no rule stating that you couldn't come in your underpants, because until now, there hadn't needed to be.
"Now, if you have to phone it in, and leave early, I don't really care," said Fury.  "But I've worked too hard to make the Avengers Initiative a reality.  I'm not going to let Howard Stark's son waltz in here, stick his dick into my team, and tear it to pieces.  So at least do me the favor, Steve, of
In the end Steve was dressed in yoga pants and a soft white tee, his usual yoga get-up; clothes that were conveniently designed to get a bit sweaty in. Downstairs they found Aria at a table; surprisingly enough Maria Hill was sat opposite her, sipping on an espresso. In the living room a film crew were milling around, setting up lighting and cameras. All of them betas.
With his hand on the wall he made his way out without into anything. Steve was tempted to call for Ty but he couldn't really do anything about it, and Steve didn't want to scare him.
Gleason let out a withered sigh and turned around to see Steve trying to push himself up. His mind was still fogged over and his vision blurry but whatever strange episode he seemed to be going through before had passed. Now it was just sedatives.
"The pictures. We'll ruin them. We're not mating in here," Steve shook his head against Tony's leg, his eyes still screwed shut. He just focused on the feeling of Tony's hand in his hair and didn't really understand what his Alpha wanted when he began to tug at his shirt.
Without thinking, Tony was crawling on top of Steve, laying down on top of him, shielding him with his body.
He eyed him gooily, then leaned forward to kiss his nose.  He hadn't felt this loving toward a human being in literally his entire life.  The desperate need to mate had been replaced with a smug, unshakeable passion for his omega.
"I think they should!" shouted John.  "What do you say, Stark? How about an omega playdate?  The girls love him!"
He set it delicately down on the stand beside the bed, but just before dinner, Steve saw him taking it down to the shop.  There were only a few pictures in the house, and those were over Tony's workbench. Steve realized where his present was going.  It was probably going to be set on Tony's desk, next to the one of him and his father, a rare picture from Tony's childhood with both of them smiling.
He kissed the top of his head. The sedatives had left Steve feeling a little mellowed and he didn't quite feel the rush he had been feeling before. "Just... five minutes," Steve hummed.
"Would take too long," Joey hummed and unceremoniously pulled a knife away from his belt and hacked the man's hand off.
going to say the "L" word again.  No, no, no, no, no.  He would not.  He wasn't sure what the hell his body was doing; he wasn't sad, but he was struggling not to cry; the intensity of his emotions was hitting him harder than he'd ever been hit before. He was tempted to ask Steve if he knew what was going on, but didn't dare.  He didn't want Steve to know the depths of his ignorance, and besides, Steve wouldn't know, either. Steve was just as naive as he was.
"Oh my God!" a girl in the crowd shrieked. Pepper pulled her hand back and the moment was gone. The music had died down.
He was shouting to be heard over the ringing.  They could hear him just fine, of course.  Tony didn't wait to confirm this, however; he was giving Happy a shove toward the exit.  If he was being paranoid, he didn't care; he needed to take Steve to the hospital, needed to make sure he was okay, because he would lose it if Steve was hurt, and he couldn't tell how much of the blood he was seeing was Steve's or his own or someone else's, but the sight of it was like a bright red warning sign that he needed to act,
Tony could tell Steve was trying to brush it off.  He always did the same thing with Pepper, once he started coming to his senses, trying to downplay the seriousness.  He wanted to smother Steve with affection, but he knew how awful it was to feel helpless after a flashback.  He forced himself to back off.
"I'm never gonna let Clint get over that..." said Tony, grinning.  "No, yeah, he's safe, he works for the government... we're gonna crack open the other two doors and then we'll get you out, okay?"
we banged.  It was good publicity for them, and for the magazine, and for me.  ...I'm not as bad as everything thinks." Tony paused, then added, "Well, maybe I am, I've had like, over a thousand partners.  But whatever." He paused, then added, "Actually I got two of the thirteen
"You know how bad this looks, right?" asked Tony, plucking a strawberry off the plate and popping it into his mouth.  "You know what a
Impossible.  Even if the guy was alive, he must have dementia or something; he had not come forward, yet.  He was probably in a nursing home somewhere, unaware of their bond.  He couldn't have sent them.
"...we're all thinking it.  He's completely full of himself.  Steve knows," Natasha reassured him.  "Once you get to know him, though..."
"Yeah, it's super messed up," he agreed cheerfully.  "Looks like you just have an explosive orgasm or something."  Steve's face went red all over again.
Steve stared straight ahead at the wall in front of him. And then he said, abruptly: "I'm getting sterilized."
Judging by the sun it was probably already seven or so.  The party guests capable of leaving would be gone. Tony always expected a few stragglers to be passed out on his couches, though.  No doubt the SHIELD agents and Pepper and Aria would still be there. He wondered if they'd been missed but dismissed the idea and wrapped his arms around Steve's neck, burying his face into the other's skin.  He wanted a hot shower and a nap. He'd had weird dreams, dreams about shells and guns and fields of tulips, and he was certain that they weren't his; they'd left him feeling more tired than if he hadn't slept at all.
"DUMM-E, get over here, this part needs support.... bolt a cable to the ceiling here....hurry up, hurry up, I need to connect the positron line... Steve, grab the heat sink... Steve,
Steve's body was huge next to his.  He liked the way it depressed the bed, made the sheets warm.  Tony was selfish in bed; he sprawled out all over the place and hogged the covers, because he'd never really slept with another person much.  Steve, on the other hand, always seemed to curl up and snuggle into him. Tony tried not to read into that too much. Maybe it wasn't a Bucky thing, maybe it was a poor-guy-only-ever-had-a-twin-bed-and-an-army-cot thing.
"So good," Steve hummed as they got into the car and Nat disappeared on the other line. "Does anyone else feel really good right now?  About the show?  The show went really good."
his mate calm down. Or could at least, you know, maybe get the giant suit off his mate so we can at least put some clothes on him? Because...crazy, I know, this isn't about Tony for once."
A young beta woman ran over to greet them.  She was wearing worn jeans and work boots and had a flannel shirt tied around her waist.
"You really should eat something Tony," Steve pointed out gently. But he full well knew that until he went to fetch his shield that Tony wouldn't eat, or stop tinkering. If there was one thing he loved more than building his suit, Steve found, it was showing it off. "But okay..."
Steve was an emotional wreck.  Tony had failed to mate him, failed to consummate whatever bond they had left, and then he'd put Steve through trying on collars... of course Steve cared.  Steve was a product of his time, a time when omegas were treated like shit. Of course he had self-esteem issues.
As Tony explained Steve's stomach flipped. The bands were simple but classy, maybe even made out of vibranium, he realised (that would be oddly appropriate.) He looked up at Tony and then back down at the bands. He reached out to take Tony's hand to stop him stammering about it and squeezed his fingers lightly.
to...if Bucky is with Karpov then I wouldn't even know where to start." Steve sighed and rubbed at his temple.
"Agent Hill says her closest match is a Colonel Karpov. He's been with HYDRA since the cold war," Sam said quietly. "Where did you see him, Steve?"
"Good omega," said Tony softly, squeezing Steve's left hand.  Gently, he let go of his cock and wiped his right hand on the sheets.  Tony had no embarrassment when it came to leaving huge sexual messes. In fact, he seemed to take pride in them.  When he wore condoms, he tossed them away without looking to see where they landed; Steve was pretty sure Tony's maids got paid an enormous amount to clean up after him.
When Steve turned back around he was shocked at what he saw. His eyes went wide when he saw Bucky crying. A lump swelled in his throat. "Bucky. It's okay," Steve whispered and moved to cup Bucky's cheeks, brushing away his tears with the pads of his thumbs.
Tony stared out the window with a clear expression of concern.  Steve had been correct in assuming that the conference was at a hotel, though it could have just as easily been called a resort, because of its size and obvious amenities.  In the last year that Steve and Tony had spent together, Steve hadn't been in anything less than five stars.
"I'd like that, I think," he murmured. Steve didn't really want to make a big deal of it but he could understand why Tony wanted to do something. And Steve figured it might be nice...but he was kind of sick of fixating on the past. He wanted to celebrate the future for a change. "What were you thinking of doing there?  Do you think...maybe it wouldn't be weird if Clint and Nat tagged along?" he asked hopefully.
Steve turned back around to face Tony, tilting his head in an almost coy sort of manner. "So, where'd you want me?"
Eric gave him a sympathetic look, like Steve was some kind of child who'd just been told that Santa Claus wasn't real. Steve was trying to repress his anger, which he knew Tony could feel.
Donner crinkled the water bottle again, looking down for a few long moments, then slipped off the bed and padded timidly over to Rhodey.  Rhodey put a firm hand on his shoulder and guided him out the door.
"Ah!  Mr. Stark!  A pleasure to see you again, and you too, Captain Rogers," said Richard, nodding pleasantly at them.  "And-- my God, if it's not little Donner Malick. Where's Gideon, Donnie?"
"Is it true you had a miscarriage?" Sixteen asked in a whisper. "What did you mean when you said your old Alpha made you loose it? Isn't he super old?"
Steve carefully lifted the bunny out like it was a baby, like he was scared he might break it if he held it too tight. He stared down at the teddy in his hands and swallowed thickly. "Tony..." he drifted off, his eyes a little glazed over. Whilst its meaning went over everyone else's heads, Steve clearly understood it. He reached over to brush his fingers against Tony's hand and then leaned over to kiss his temple. "Thank you," he whispered, voice soft and reverent.
Doug shook his head and flipped one of the pancakes, looking thoroughly flattered to be snapped at by Tony Stark and part of a conversation between him and Steve Rogers.  He was literally shaking. He looked like he might cry with gratitude. Tony seemed oblivious to it; he had picked up a single pancake with his hands and sampled it.  For a forty-two thousand dollar pricetag, it was decent.
He didn't have time to get up; second later, he was rolling out of the way an electric whip and Vanko was laughing like a goddamn madman. Melinda managed to get a shot in; a bullet found its mark on the back of Vanko's hand, and one of his whips flickered, snakes of electricity flickering over it before going out.
Donner smiled and flopped back onto the pillow, looking over at Tony and Steve.  He reached for Steve's hand again and his eyes softened. "I'm sorry, Steve. I'm sorry for what he did.  It's my fault. He did that because of me, because I left him and--"
Malick's eyebrow cocked.  "I'm of the opinion that, if an omega isn't being happy being an omega, they should be afforded the opportunity to be something better.  Certainly, most are content in their roles. It's in their nature. But for those with aspirations above their station, why not give them a fair chance?  I'm sure, if we told Steve here we could fix him, make him the Alpha he so clearly wants to be, he'd snap at the opportunity."
He let out an unintentional whine and looked out the door again, wishing Karpov would come get him and give him his medicine and possibly explain things in a way he could understand.
Bucky had always accepting the teasing from the guys down at the dock with a smile and a shrug.  Yeah, he
Tony so he's clearly just being a dick." She waved a hand. "I have no idea what it is. I haven't received any complaints from the World Security Council or anything."
. He'd stopped the car, bought Bucky food and called Fury whilst he pretended to pay for fuel that he hadn't even put in the car.
"They were what? Monitoring me?" Steve echoed, frowning deeply. But Tony was already passing out in a lap. He let the information wash over him slowly and felt a sudden surge of anger. How dare they?! When Steve first woke up they kept him in isolation for two weeks, refused to answer his questions- and now this.
"It's going to be okay.  I'll keep you from him. You're mine.  You're safe with me," said Tony, resuming his strokes.  He gave the sleeve of Steve's shirt another tug with his other hand.
"Steve.  Whether or not you have kids, you're not useless.  You're Captain America.  You helped win a war.  And now you're helping all the omegas who get a raw deal.  You're one of the most incredible, influential people that's alive today.  And you're going to be happy regardless of what those fuckers want. They can't take you.  You're Captain
The day slid by lazily and Tony was grateful that Pepper kept her distance, remaining downstairs, like a ghost.  It seemed that Steve and Tony's friends appreciated that they needed some time to be alone with each other.
If there was one thing Steve got out of therapy sessions, it was mulling over how different things were in the future.  What was normal and what wasn't, and how it compared to his own century.  That, at least, he got something out of.
He nosed behind Steve's ears lovingly.  Steve's body had chosen both of them as a mate, even though Bucky was clearly a better choice, evolutionarily.  That meant a lot.
"--Steve, Stone and Germaine want to meet with you ASAP.  Germaine's available January third and Stone can do the thirtieth," said Aria briskly.  "If you're interested. SA has been getting a lot of attention since McDavid's appearance with you on Banksy and Boswell, so it might be worth meeting them to discuss the gala."
They talked about the charity and how it was developing for a good ten minutes, Boswell in fact prompting some of the more serious topics of discussion. Such as some of the hostile reception to it and the opposition Steve would face. But he answered every question with a winning smile and a glint in the corner of his eye. Banksy took the topic and lead it into the forties, however. (Steve was really quite fed up of talking about an era people could just learn about through google, honestly.)
Steve wasn't sure what a 'houseboy' really entailed but he didn't want to ask. Boswell seemed so calm and gentle; it was hard to imagine him force bonding anyone...but it had happened and Steve couldn't ignore it. It was one of the reasons he didn't really talk to Boswell all that much one to one. He found it hard to get over. Every time he looked at the man all he could think about was
Tony threw himself at the door again.  Happy grabbed him and the two crashed to the floor, limbs flailing.  Tony let out a strangled yell of anger, trying to shove Happy away, trying to get past him to his omega.  "
Tony held out the pack to her; she shook her head.  "Tony. Running and hiding from things that are hard to deal with... it's not a good coping mechanism."
, Steve.  ...you know I lost five thou' because of you?  Naw, it's good, I don't care, that's walking around money... oh my God..."  He flipped the paper and pointed to a picture of Steve lounging, shirtless, a smeared American flag on his naked skin.  "This is the sexiest thing I've ever seen."  His eyes scanned over the paper.  "
Of course he didn't know heats could be forced; he didn't know the first thing about heats except that if your omega went into one, you didn't get to see your butler for a few days. Tony knew about as much about heats as he did about pregnancy. It was a strange, slightly gross biological function that didn't concern him.  End of story.  It wasn't until he'd experience Steve's that he'd cared to learn anything about it.
He scooted over a little to make room for Steve in the bed, a silent invitation to go ahead and join him.  Tony didn't want to talk but he also couldn't stand to push Steve away again. Never again. Steve was his omega and letting him go for two months, to be taken by some other Alpha, was easily the worst decision Tony had ever made.
Steve spun back around to stare at the map. "Where do you hide people?" Steve whispered. "Where the hell would they be, Tony?"
DeSoto watched, wide-eyed, as Steve went to go tuck Tony back in.  He leaned over a tiny bit to peek in; Tony was making grabby hands at Steve, touching his neck, and Steve was shushing him and adjusting his pillows for him.
Tony hung up, turned the phone off, and then snuggled back into Steve's bed.  The sheets smelled so good.  Tony was looking forward to Steve leaving so he could jerk off to the smell.  Maybe rifle through the medicine cabinet once he was done sleeping.
"How's everyone doing?" Steve asked, glancing around them. He was taller than every single one of them. He shook One's hand when it was offered. "Really? That's sweet." He wondered how One's dad felt now his status was out in the open. If he was still a fan, then kudos to him.
Steve pulled his shield out to hold in one hand. "Nat, get as much info as you can off of the computers. Everyone else, with me," he said, listening toward the hallway.  The echoing sound of footsteps was edging closer. He felt a pang of something in his chest and he internally sighed. Steve had
"And the boy?" asked Tiberius.  On the screen he was watching, the boy looked blond and he was slender.  He fit the stereotypical appearance of an omega.
"...Stark, Anthony, and Rogers, Steven," said Tony, after mentally saying "Simon and Garfunkel," and "Hall and Oates."  He could tell she wasn't happy to see them and he decided to bite back any sarcasm until they had at least gotten into the damned function.
"He's modeled after the help, when I was a kid... his name is a backronym.  Edwin Jarvis was the butler.  JARVIS isn't a replacement for Jarvis, he's just a rather very intelligent system."  He paused, waiting for them to get it.
He walked over, grabbing Steve's head playfully and kissing his hair.  "You look like you've seen a ghost. Come on, buddy, you're on leave. Try to relax, will you?  Don't look at those old papers, they'll depress the hell out of ya. A night of dancing will do you good."  He swept the newspapers off the table with one arm, the other thrown over Steve's shoulders. "You gonna get dressed, or should I just take you out like this?  Don't make me do it, Steve..." he warned teasingly. One of his hands slid teasingly over Steve's shoulder; Steve was in a thin undershirt and his boxers.
Fortunately Bucky knew where Steve was, at some swanky hotel in Long Island, which was relatively close.  Thank God for that. Bucky was feeling increasingly worried about Steve, who had felt so panicked earlier and was with some other Alpha.  Bucky was having trouble getting his dander down because he could hear the other Alpha in the background, spitting out all sorts of threats and obscenities.
"I'm in heat," Steve repeated. He was a little wet between his legs but when he looked down and noticed Tony's hard-on it certainly got worse. He swallowed dryly.  "Pre-heat," he corrected himself, although he already knew his pre-heats were short due to his body's enhanced metabolism.
"Huh?  Oh. Um, real bad.  Well, not... not really bad, it's okay.  I mean there's like.... there's cops, like, on horses and guys with signs... can I have your autograph?  ...is Steve Rogers here?" He stood on his tiptoes and craned his head a little, peeking in.
"I don't think that's how drinking works," Steve told him bemusedly, sitting on the edge of the bed as he watched Tony getting ready. He watched the dip and rise of his shoulders as he buttoned his shirt up. He smiled when Tony ran a hand down his arm, Steve's gaze flickering up to his face. The shirt didn't exaggerate the muscle but it was hard for anything to hide it.  Steve's muscles would always be bigger than Tony's, the serum defying nature, giving him a physique that he, as an omega, would normally never be able to achieve.
"...I'm sorry about your first Alpha," said DeSoto quietly, reaching out to lay a hand on Steve's knee.
Mike laughed.  "Are you kidding me?  Every omega here has, like, a dozen collars.  They like to mix and match. ...don't tell me Steve only has one?"
On the edge of the sofa, Tony was keeping himself busy and distracted.  He'd found a string on the end of his wifebeater and was pulling it.  It wasn't snapping, just unraveling.  He spooled it around his hand with intense concentration.  He didn't dare look at Steve.  He avoided eye contact at all costs.  He'd get lost in those crystal blue pools.  God, he'd just wanted one little taste and he'd ended up planting a hickey the size of a half-dollar on his neck.
"No, no," agreed Phil distractedly, pushing a t-shirt aside.  He flung a dishrag out of the nest, no longer wanting it, then the box Natasha had given Steve.  A small piece of paper fluttered out of it.
Tony was still planning on having the damn New Year's party, though.  Just because they weren't allowed off the premises didn't mean Tony couldn't invite people onto the premises.
Karpov rose and patted him.  "Always such an attentive student.  You cooperation is appreciated, soldier, and you'll be rewarded for it."  He seemed upset.
?  Who was Tony, then?  He'd never been targeted by HYDRA, hadn't even known about them until recently.  Steve was talking about Bucky, Tony knew; he could practically read Steve's thought.  Knew he was thinking about his Alpha dropping off the train. Knew he was thinking about finding his Alpha post-experimentation, when they couldn't feel each other anymore.
Pepper sighed.  "Okay, come on, let's go, Tony."  She looked over at Steve. "Party's over.  Go grab the microphone and say thank-you and good-bye to everyone.  You two can kiss in the car."
"You're not going to tell on Tony, are you? Not that I would blame you but I didn't think that was your style."
According to Natasha, Steve had been out of the country for most of the last two months, unlike Tony, who had been holed up in his lodge in Colorado.  He had finally worked up the courage, only a week ago, to check the press about him and Steve.
"We do," Steve assured her coolly. "We're getting the kids out. Can he walk?" He asked, jerking his head towards the 'beta' in the bed.
Natasha and Steve followed in at the back of the group as they made their way across the base. After all, they were just here to observe. The first practical field test was firearms.  Natasha and Clint had both showed up for it; they seemed intrigued to see how someone like Tony did.  ("If they actually let him on the team, he'll need to be able to shoot without some fancy targeting system hooked up to his head," said Clint.  Clint was a bit of a purist when it came to long-range weapon proficiency.)
"We do get free lunches from companies in support," Ian said and then glanced over at the table full of salads. "But a lot of them are vegan," he wheezed.
Tony had never seriously thought of any of that stuff.  It was just another history lesson for him, because he'd never really interacted with omegas at all, except Jarvis.  Tony felt a stab of regret.  Jarvis would have had an invaluable historical perspective on omegas; he'd been born in the teens, like Steve, and lived through the slow process of omega rights.  Tony wasn't sure if he'd ever voted, what that felt like; if Howard and him had gone to the polls together, if Jarvis had felt excitement, what his attitude was on the whole thing.  Jarvis had been so subservient that Tony often forgot that he was a real person... he felt a twinge of shame, knowing that he'd never sat down and had any sort of real conversation with the man.  Jarvis had helped raise Tony, yes, but he'd been like a sort of nanny and Tony had never appreciated his role in the house as anything more than a very wise butler.  Their conversations had been one-sided, focused only on Tony.  Tony had never asked him about himself.  Now his oral history was lost forever.
"They never said the serum would affect things sexually," Steve said carefully. Maybe it had? It was possible, after all. Sure, it meant Steve had a shorter refractory period (don't ask how he knows that) but that was about it. And sure, his body could cope with heats but now he wasn't half dying all the time that was hardly surprising.
!" snapped Karpov furiously.  "The Winter Soldier program was only designed to create enhanced soldiers, not to control them.  And look what happened! ...This soldier here, he's the only one left from Guiding Star." He looked at Bucky with a nostalgic gaze.
Tony ran his hands down Steve's arms again.  He leaned forward to press his lips to Steve's neck, to run his tongue over the skin.  His mouth was so close to Steve's ear.
Tony cringed a little.  "I can calculate the angle and everything, sure, but... when it comes to actually hitting the cue ball..." said Tony helplessly.
Steve went quiet again and then said, "I think you're right. I think me and Tricky would have gotten well. He sounds very brave.  Do you wanna sleep on the sofa?" he asked.  He didn't really think he felt like talking with DeSoto anymore. Steve clearly wasn't going to get anywhere and DeSoto clearly thought that Steve was a 'bad' omega, whatever that meant.
"I don't know why grown adults having sex is controversial? But yes, I have it and I enjoy it. That shouldn't change how people see me.  No one's asking Tony about
. The words went unsaid but the meaning was clear. Steve pressed his lips together into a thin line. "My heat was strange.  And that heat, it happened because of you and I'm not sure if I can just...ignore that. I didn't even know...I've never experienced something so intense in my life."
Tony blinked.  "...that's a thing?"  Fuck. Now he was wondering all sorts of things.  Was Clint Clint's real name? What about Jarvis?  Had his name really been Edwin or had he previously been a Michael or something?
Tony put a hand on the railing and jumped over after him.  It went down a full seven stories before they hit the bottom.
"I get it," said Tony.  "You're omegas, you want kids..."  Clint tried to speak, but Tony cut him off.  "It's different for us, Clint. You and Natasha can't get pregnant.  Me and Steve... we already had a near miss."
Tony could not, for the life of him, remember why Sam was here; he hovered over Steve, still pinned by the suit, growling softly.  The only reason he wasn't actively trying to tear Sam to shreds was because Sam's posture was so submissive. Sam didn't make any sudden movements; the two of them squared off for  what felt like forever. It was Pepper that saved them.
Steve was tired and he wasn't honestly in the mood to do the whole birthday thing. But his friends were here and he wanted to at least try. He smiled wearily and let Banksy come up to hug him. He caught Donner's gaze a little awkwardly and offered him a small nod. "I should just go get changed real quick. I'm covered in dust and I'm sweaty."
The boy held up one of the notebooks.  "It must have been bad. Because of what you let them do to you."
He put his arms around Steve's waist from behind and nuzzled his back, the collar still in his hands.  "You want a break?" he asked softly.
"Whilst I might not completely understand just what happened," Steve whispered. "I'm glad it did," he said and then sadly stepped back, a softness in his eyes. "Just...promise you'll come back okay? I'm not being another notch on Tony Stark's bedpost." His voice was teasing, but there was a serious look on his face. "Over my dead boy," he tried to joke.
"They're not random!  I've slept with two of them!  And maybe Christina!" Tony turned around.  "Christina, have we slept together?"
"Tony!" Steve huffed and leaned his head back, heeks tinging a little pink at the question. He couldn't disagree. Sure, the heat was over but that was definitely what Steve wanted to go and do. It had left him feeling frustrated and unsatisfied, especially after that man had gotten away. But he didn't want to admit it out loud, especially in front of their doctor.
in that instant. He smiled at the other's own lack of eloquence and then felt his breath hitch as Tony moved inside of him again. Steve's arms ended up curled around Tony's shoulders again, his fingers in his hair, but they weren't tugging just yet. The touch was gentle.
Tony was kind of scary like this. Sure, he'd talked about killing during their heat but that had been a heat. This was real. And Steve was shaking. He needed to get Bucky out of the general public and away, somewhere where he couldn't hurt anyone, or be hurt. Steve needed to know he was okay.
"Thanks," Steve laughed. "Think I'm gonna need it." Then he hung up, pushing his phone into his pocket before he moved to grab his collar. He was putting it on when DeSoto spoke up.
It seemed unfair how thoroughly Tony had altered his lifestyle, and here Steve was, dangling the "let me make my own choices" card over his head.
"I can't eat the whole thing," said Tony.  He was eating the burger in the weirdest way possible, pinching off little pieces of the bun.  "...I need a nap..."
Tony already knew the truth, which lay somewhere in between.  The serum had never been meant for omegas at all. Yes, they'd chosen Steve because at least a few of them thought Steve's gumption was admirable.  But Steve's status had certainly factored in. Steve was a human guinea pig; they never would have given the very first dose to a perfectly healthy Alpha soldier.  Steve had been allowed to join the army with the understanding that he was a human test subject, to be treated like an Alpha and to confirm the serum was safe for the "real" soldiers.  Once they had perfected it with Steve, the plan had been to give it to the Alphas, but no one had ever quite been able to replicate the extra product a second time. The serum made far too many Alphas go feral, to get overly aggressive, and the project had been scrapped entirely in the eighties (at least in America).
"What--" began Tony, then it hit him all over again.  He choked on another olive; Stern slapped him on the back and took away his drink.
He should have known there would be board members here.  Dan Rabinowitz was one of the senior executives of Stark Industries.
Tony gave his head a little shake to clear it, then grinned wickedly at Steve. "I would love to burn every one of his shirts. But yeah, I think he would take it out on Donner. Have you gotten to speak to Donner much?  And how come you hate DeSoto so much? He's sort of brainwashed, but man, he got
Another perfect day.  The sky was crystal clear.  Perfect conditions for a test flight.  The Mark V had recently been tinkered with; now might be a good time to take it out and see what it could do.  Nothing quite helped Tony relax like being in the suit; the feeling of power was unparalleled.  It was hard to have any real worries in that thing.
But before Buck could use it, Steve had flicked away his cigarette and gone back inside and he was standing there alone, trying to figure out how in the hell that scrawny, wheezy little guy he'd bonded with all those years ago had turned in the captain, who, as far as Buck could tell, was utterly flawless.
Tony leaned his head on Steve's chest to listen to his heartbeat.  This was a more natural position for them.
and it hurts so much that you can't feel it," Steve ducked his head down and clasped his hands tightly in his lap. He was so strong, so powerful- and yet as he was now, kneeling on the hotel carpet, he felt useless.  The serum did nothing for this type of situation.
Once they slowed down Steve let his legs fall back down either side of Tony. He reached up to run his fingers through his Alpha's hair gently. "Mhm. Perfect. So good Tony..."
Tony's head snapped around.  The last person in the world he wanted to see right now was Justin Hammer, but there was he, smiling at Tony, and... one hand was gripping Steve's.  Tony immediately felt his hackles rise, the hair on the back of his neck standing.  He wasn't sure why.  Steve was just his assistant.  Who cared if Justin was shaking his hand?
Natasha put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed. "Let me know how it goes,  yeah?" Steve nodded with a small smile and waited for her to step back before he revved up the engine and set off.
Steve saw Three across the room amongst them. She was shaking. But he couldn't go talk to them; they wouldn't let him through the crowd, no way--
Banksy and Tiberius both looked fascinated by this interaction; their experience with bonded omegas was largely negative, but Brent and Jeff had an easy way of getting along, as if they were unaware of each other's statuses.
Steve curled his arms around Tony's shoulders comfortably. He always liked it when Tony put his hands on his waist, the touch was warm and firm. And his waist was still small, trim, 'omega-like'. It meant his shoulder-to-waist ratio was insane. Steve ducked down and nudged their noses together, a small tugging lazily at his lips. He hadn't slept much during the flight, but the serum would easily keep him going until the early hours of the morning.
Fury opened his mouth to answer but the words never came out.  The next part happened so quickly that it was almost impossible to piece together.  The glass sliding door that led out to Steve's balcony shattered and Fury threw himself to the ground, or at least, that was Steve's hope.  His hands plunged into his coat and a moment later he was holding a pair of handguns; he barked Steve's name and half-threw, half-slid one across the floor, then held up the other one to aim.
"Outside. Okay." Steve breathed, a gun at his own side. Hearing Tony's voice had shaken him. He honestly hadn't been sure if he would have come on the rescue mission himself, but apparently he had. Steve didn't know how to feel about it. He was still terribly mad at him and it would take a hell of a lot more than this for Steve to forgive being ignored for two months.
Twelve sat down. "I want to hear about the war," she said. "Did you really land a plane into the ocean?"
Steve managed to look down and just met his gaze. Nothing could have been hotter to him in that moment. "T-Tony. Ah. Fuck." It took every ounce of willpower he had not to rock forward into the tempting wet heat of Tony's mouth. "I'm not gonna last long like this," he warned him, breathless and pink cheeked.
Tony was in the front of the jet.  He had gone from complete hysteria over Steve's death to complete hysteria over Steve's being alive to complete hysteria over discovering that his mark had been mangled by another Alpha, and was currently sitting hunched in a seat not designed for hundreds of pounds of metal exo-suit, sipping a bottle of scotch and staring off into the middle distance.  His nose was bleeding on and off into his beard but didn't seem interested in treatment. He hadn't been able to provide much context about the twins; Clint had been able to give a little bit of information but not more much.
."  He felt another pang.  That was the second time today he'd reminded himself of his parents.  Fuck.
When Tony came inside of him Steve did too, without being touched. He cried out and threw his head back, rocking his hips down in languid motions to milk Tony's cock inside of him.
"One more thing."  Natasha lowered her voice a little.  "You already know that Clint is mostly deaf.  He's self-conscious about it. Make sure you speak loudly and face him so he can read your lips.  Since SHIELD seized all our equipment, he's pretty much re-learning. My signing is awful so it's been kind of difficult.  Anyway, just make sure you're speaking clearly.  Do you want frozen pizza or frozen turkey dinosaurs for lunch? We don't have much food in. Sorry."
yet?  Or did they just let you off the leash and assume you would figure it all out on your own?  If I were you, I'd be losing my mind."
"If I grabbed Pepper, you could grab Happy," he said with a forced, wry smile.  He maneuvered them around so he wouldn't have to watch her dancing. The last time they had danced was after he came back from Afghanistan.  His shoulder had still been stiff, and he'd been weak. She had been nervous, wearing a backless blue dress, and they had gotten so, so close to kissing... and then the moment had passed and they'd gone back to drinking.  Tony would probably regret that for the rest of his life.
Steve was so upset. He didn't understand what he'd done wrong. It wasn't him! Why didn't they understand that? Why did Tony think he'd tried to kill him? He wouldn't do that, he wouldn't...rejection welled up in his chest. He wasn't good enough. They doubted him. No. Not good enough. His fingers were cold again. Could he even feel them? Goddamn frostbite!
The two of them let go of each other's hands, and Malick left the room, talking calmly with the other DoD rep.
He was reluctant to ask anyone for help but he was pretty sure he would need to ask another Alpha for tips.  Unfortunately most of his friends were either unbonded Alphas or betas.  The closest thing he had to a friend who was a bonded Alpha was...
"Steve," repeated Tony, tone softer.  Steve was still standing and his muscles tight with what Tony had come to appreciate was Steve's fight posture.  If he attacked Gideon, which is clearly what he wanted to do (Tony could feel Steve's anger in his gut), then they could kiss this compromise good-bye.
Pepper and Aria were sitting at the counter sipping wine.  He nodded to them both. "Hey, Virginia. I was hoping to catch you, actually."
The vulnerability in Tony's voice made something tug sharply in Steve's chest. The blonde swallowed, phone getting clammy against his ear from the heat of his face. He swallowed and paused to think before answering.
"Welp, it only took us, like, a week to get to the responsible part," joked Tony, sitting back on his knees to open the foil packet and roll the condom down over himself.  "Don't worry, I'm gonna go to the doctor as soon as I can.  ...if you want me to.  ...the thing is, realistically... I have no idea how we're going to remember this part when you go into heat.  Unless SHIELD develops a suppressant that actually works on you..."  Tony trailed off, lying back down on Steve, kissing his cheek and lips.  "Love you, omega," he said softly, pressing himself between Steve's legs.
Pepper rose obediently and went to escort the last of the agents out.  She walked out of Tony's suite and down the hall to Steve's room, where Coulson and Steve were huddled together, talking in low voices.  He was a likable man, and Pepper admired omegas in powerful positions, but Tony needed rest.  The two of them, Steve and Phil, looked.... conspiratorial together and for some reason she felt an intuitive sense of unease.  She looked between Phil and Steve carefully and her eyes perhaps narrowed a fraction.  "Everything okay in here? I managed to get statements pushed back to tomorrow morning. Tony won't stop drinking with them breathing down his neck."
"Hey kids, Daddy's up!" he announced to the lab.  One of the bots clicked a mechanical arm at him in reply.
"Absolutely heartwarming, Diane.  And Stark Industries is going to be matching those donations dollar-for-dollar, according to a Tweet by CFO Virginia Potts."
Behind the man on the phone  were two women.  Nurses?  Assistants?  They were pretty, but blank-faced and silent.  Like robots.
Clint cleared his throat.  He finally managed to put Lila down on the floor; she wobbled off quickly to hug the dog, who was stalking after Cooper in the clear hope that there was more food on the plates.
Dr. Brazinski swiveled very slightly in her chair.  "The question, Steve, as well as the problem, is this.  First of all, you recommended recruiting Mr. Stark to the Avengers Initiative, and that motion is already in process. But SHIELD, understandably, is concerned that your current relationship is going to undermine your efficiency at work.  Thus far, we haven't had any problems with an integrated team; case in point,  Agent Romanoff follows your orders.  But asking an Alpha to follow his omega, well... that's trickier.  And from what I've gathered, Mr. Stark's attitudes are a bit more old-fashioned.  The second problem is that the Winter Soldier- and yes, Steve, he is real- the Winter Soldier is an assassin who intelligence believes works closely with HYDRA.  If there's an association between that assassin, and your pair-bonded mate, are you going to be able to make a judgement call?  If things get down to it?  I suppose that's the basis of both problems, in a nutshell.  Could you make a judgement call in battle regarding Tony?"
He didn't understand what bonding would feel like to an omega who was forced.  Alphas couldn't really be forced, and besides, they could distance and even sever bonds.  But for omegas... what was it like to be bonded and to feel devotion to someone you didn't even know or like?  Baffling.
"...it gets better, right?  Everyone says after a few weeks it gets better," Tony murmured, pulling Steve's bandaged hand up to the arc reactor and laying his own hand over it.
"It's Kansas, Steve," said Tony in exasperation.  "Seriously, we've been over this.  Why can't you remember any band names?"
Tony sat as close to Clint as he could on purpose, noting with some small, mean sense of satisfaction that both Steve and Natasha tensed marginally.  It might not have been conscious, but it was there.  Tony made a personal vow to get as chummy with Clint as possible.  So they all thought Alphas and omegas could all be friends?  He'd show them.  And by them, of course, he meant Steve.
"Doug!" snapped Tony.  "I'm paying you to pancake, not ask questions!  ...but yes, Steve gonna be singing. Did you know he was in a barbershop quartet?"
Steve had stared at her, expressionless, when she'd informed him.  She might as well have been talking Japanese for all of the comprehension he showed.  After asking him a few delicate questions, she offered to leave him alone, and he nodded numbly.
A headache stabbed suddenly behind his eyes and he squeezed them shut.  In retrospect, staring at the sun wasn't the smartest thing to--
He shivered as Tony's teeth dragged over his pulse point and whimpered at the command, his eyes fluttering shut. He wasn't even aware of Phil anymore until he hears a groan of pain. "Tony...Tony...not in here. No. Not with- It'll be over soon. I promise. It'll be okay," Steve whispered, nuzzling against his cheek. "I promise Tony, please just..."
"My advice is to steer clear of her.  She knows every trick in the book. And I'm willing to bet that she would love to get her hands on Steve."
on not being naked."  He ran his hands over Steve's body, watching the hot water course down it.  He nuzzled Steve's chest.  If someone had told him, a week ago, that he'd be this obsessed with someone, let alone a someone who lacked breasts, he would have laughed at them.  Life could be funny like that.
"Give me your clothes," he demanded.  He gave Steve a small smile, something he was still re-learning.  But he had to admit, he felt rather clever for coming up with a plan that would get them out of the cell had the bonus feature of getting Steve naked.
orders.  Bucky had followed lots of orders with the hope that it would please Steve and he'd get to mate him.  This was bullshit.
Suddenly he felt like Tony. Steve had seen this scene play out more than a few times, although Tony had usually been drunk, not bloody.  "Where's Tony? Already there?"
Tony didn't believe in any proper afterlife so he didn't waste words talking to his parents, who were in the ground.  He just stood there, staring, contemplating mortality and wondering how the fuck this had happened.
"For the same reason there are no heterosexual parades or white pride organizations, I suspect," said JARVIS.
Steve wanted to sleep, yes ...but it was his Alpha, and he couldn't leave him unsatisfied.  The imperative to please him hit Steve like a ton of bricks.  Steve didn't hesitate to sink down off of the bench in the bath to the floor of it, now on his knees between Tony's thighs. This felt right. His heat thrummed through his body, thrilled to finally be like this in front of Tony as he ducked his head down.
"Steve, I gotta tell you something," said Tony quietly, taking a deep, shaky breath.  "I didn't wanna but... but it's not fair that you don't know. Barnes-- Bucky-- whatever his fucking name is-- he loved you.  He really did. Sometimes I can feel him, like I can feel you. And you always complain about how he didn't really and how he just... treated you shitty... and I'm not saying he didn't, but... he loved you so much.  He
Tony lowered his sunglasses to stare at Steve.  "My Alpha gaze?" he repeated slowly. "...are you fucking serious?  I asked for
She waved, standing in the doorway until they got into their taxi and the doors were shut. Steve's heart panged in his chest. He was annoyed at Fury for manipulating the whole situation but he was also eternally grateful that he could still see Peggy again in this century.
When Tony was by himself, he opted to spend about half his time at home in the shop.  Even though the whole house belonged to him, Tony often felt like the garage was the only place that was truly
"You're pretty young to be laying out life plans, don't you think? It sounds like a lot of you don't know what you want...sure maybe your parents want you to settle down, and maybe you will one day, but it doesn't have to be
Tony looked over at Steve with fascination.  George swiveled around to grin at them. His sudden change of tone had been alarmingly convincing; if Tony had talked to him on the phone, he would have assumed he was an older Alpha by voice alone.
“I know I don’t understand everything yet, but I’m trying to learn,” he insisted, trying to placate Tony.  He was used to people treating him this way.  Not just because he was an omega.  People had often thought Captain America wasn’t all that clever, that he just knew how to hit things real hard.  But over the course of the war, Steve had learned to speak German and French fluently; he had learned battle tactics, strategies, history; he had learned people, not just how to lead them, but how to work with and serve them.  Steve was a fast learner.  If Steve hadn’t been, he wouldn’t have made it to where he was today.
"Hey, you alright?" asked Joey.  "...you want to go get a cuppa or something?  You look like you've seen a ghost."
"How am I supposed to do anything with you and your company constantly blowing up in my face?  I mean,
There were over 100 options, easily, and he had spent more than twenty minutes already examining all the different flavors and brands.
"Not necessarily.  Might be seen as progressive, y'know, an omega in charge of a trio instead of being on the sidelines," said Mackenzie, still peaceful.  He took a sip from the rim of his coffee cup.
Steve took the papers from Tony but he was still reading the transcripts on the screen.  It was a full five or ten minutes before his eyes glanced down at the drawing of the tesseract.
"This just keeps getting better and better," said Tony darkly, putting his face plate on.  He didn't want to see Steve like this, and he didn't want anyone to see his face. He was sure that, if Steve paused for one goddamn second, he'd be aware of how uncomfortable Tony was.  He hadn't expected this. He'd killed a guard, Steve was torturing some poor schmuck, and some freaky ghost kid had been calling him to answer for all of his past actions... he wasn't sure what he'd expected, but not this.  This was nightmarish, on par with one of SHIELD's fucking simulations.
"Hey, Tony..." Steve laughed quietly as Tony pushed him down and slumped on top of him. "I'm not going anywhere," he promised in a murmur and reached up to run his fingers through the other's hair. Steve looked up at the ceiling and sighed.  "SHIELD gave me a week off, actually. The doctor recommended I spend it with you and work on our bond," Steve told him. "She, at least, has faith in me. The Expo sounds good, actually. Will... you be there?  You're offering to take me, right?" he asked, sounding and feeling hopeful. Most importantly he wanted to spend the week with
"Tony-" Steve turned back to face him. "Come on. They've seen enough. Don't upset Pepper. You're better than this."
He sat up, rubbing his chest.  They were in another hotel; Wanda was noisily crunching ice from a bucket and lying on her stomach, flipping through the television channels.
Steve stared straight into his dead, dark eyes, wishing he could just reached up and rip off his mask. "опусти меня," he said, words clear and slow like a command. He didn't fight, but he held his ground, not letting the soldier push him back down.
"You do know alcohol and caffeine are like the two worsts thing you can combine, right?" Steve said with an almost fond sigh.
It was just him and Steve and the too-close, tantalizing promise of what was Tony's to take if only he could figure out
"No, Peggy!" said Steve hastily, grabbing a napkin and shoving it at Tony.  "I kissed Peggy, right before I-- before I went on the worst plane trip of my life. It was nice, to have that." While he was
He leaned his head against his knees and thought about metal pressing down on his neck. He remembered the wet surface of the cave in the simulation, not being able to breathe-
"I didn't think I was due." Ever. "I'm so sorry Pepper," Steve breathed, brow knotting into a frown.
Tony hadn't gotten the business card.  Fuck. He hadn't gotten a damn thing from Gene.  Fuck, fuck, fuck!
real.  But let's face it, you're hormonally and emotionally compromised right now.  The psych eval was rough for you.  You've recently bonded, for the second time.  It wouldn't be hard for them to get into your head right now.  How do we know they're not trying to engender sympathy by mixing up your memories of Bucky with the Winter Soldier?  By getting you to associate the two of them?  I've been thinking about this a lot, and I think that, somehow, that's what's happening.  Maybe they found a way to... I don't know... make the Winter Soldier smell like Bucky so that when he comes for you, you'll be incapable of defending against him.  Psychological warfare, Steve.  I've seen a hell of a lot of it in my life and it's just as effective as bombs and guns and tasers."
Aria's eyes narrowed at Sitwell again. She didn't like him instinctively. There was never anything good about a mysterious man in a suit. "I think that Steve doesn't need another society to prop him up and that there's enough infighting between them for it to be better for Steve to just stay out of it. Sure, he can work with both of them but he's not picking a side. That's not really his style. If he can unite them together he'll get a hell of a lot more done. But it's Steve's call, not mine, so..."
The butler was trying to look small and inconspicuous as he swept up the soil from the plant Tony had overturned.  In part because it was his job, but also because, as an Alpha, Tony's pheromones were ones of pure aggression.  If the president or the vice president hadn't been betas, Tony would have considered simply leaving.  He was teetering on the brink of ferality.  But he wasn't about to lose it, not here, anyway.  Steve had a dream and God damn it, they were going to fulfill that dream.
George reached out and lightly punched Steve's arm. He nodded towards Tony. "I'm glad you got one of the good ones."
Something warmed in Steve's chest. He knew he had Nat's support but he honestly never expected to hear her sticking up for Tony like that. It meant it a lot. It meant everything, actually. She offered him a small smile as they stood.  "I know you're just looking out for me," Steve told Sam quietly. "I just... your concern isn't necessary. I promise. There won't be any sleeping around and I'm working on the drinking thing.  I can look out for myself, man."
"Eat. Drink. Hang out," Hal shrugged. "Around midnight we usually crash whatever the Alphas are doing. It's kind of a tradition."
With that he pulled away to return to Tony's side, fingers brushing against his Alpha's on instinct. He resisted the urge to lean down and kiss him. "You ready to go?" Steve asked softly and took his hand properly. The look Tony gave him was answer enough.
Tony only got to hear Steve's side of the conversation but he wasn't especially enthusiastic about it.  He shook his head at Steve as Steve asked what Fury needed them to do.
"I mean, you technically signed away your right to do that. You need permission from SHIELD. Which they won't give you."
Steve, to his credit, didn't let his polite demeanor falter for a second. This was the man who worked undercover for Tony Stark for weeks without being caught. But under the table one hand was clenched around the side of the chair he was sat on like a vice. He was good but he was not perfect.
Steve looked thoughtful as he went to grab an apple from the fruit bowl on the side. "How much does it cost to go to college these days?"
He shuffled a little awkwardly on top of Steve and found his phone in his pocket.  246 unread messages.  He deleted them all, then sent out a single one.
"Well, I can't say unless Donner gives his permission," Gleason said. A pregnant pause followed. "Does he...er...give his permission?" the doctor tried to awkwardly prompt.
He remembered the idea coming to him after Yemen. The fact that they were finally achieving it... it felt like a significant, perhaps even final, step in his recovery.
The only explanation was that he'd truly gone mad.  Maybe it was the palladium poisoning, or maybe, he was back in the cave, talking to himself, babbling bullshit while Yinsen tried to keep him from hurting himself.  Or maybe he was just on a ton of drugs.
Tony allowed her to lead him back to Steve, who was surrounded by a small crowd of people reassuring him that they had loved his performance, that everyone had.
Steve suddenly stood and emptied the orchids and water, not caring about the mess as he stuck his fingers inside. Nothing.
"Like a billion dollars," said Tony lazily, smiling back at Steve.  "Did you have a good secret meeting?  Was it about me?  Was it with SHIELD?  Is that the good news?  ...you forged my signature and put in an application and now I'm officially an Avenger?  Because I already told you, I don't play nice with others.  ...you look tired.  I smell something amazing.  Did you buy a cake?  Is that the surprise?  A cake?  Is a sexy lady going to pop out of it?"  Tony paused to take a breath, then pulled back the covers invitingly.  "...wanna nap with me?  I kept the bed warm for you.  Also, I jacked off on one of your shirts.  I'm not going to apologize for that, though.  Most people would
It was strange to see Howard like this.  Born in 1917, with a little dash that represented seventy long years of life, a life that went on while Steve was frozen.
Tony whirled around and strode over toward where Kerry had indicated.  Steve was already well-aware that Tony had zero qualms about interrupting other people.
He could still feel Steve's misery; it was palpable.  Steve felt guilt and disappointment and even a hint of fear.  All normal emotions for an omega who felt like they'd let their Alpha down.
Aria ignored him and offered a cell phone to Steve.  "Clint Barton's been calling me about every five minutes.  He wants to speak with you in private. Emphasized that he doesn't want Tony to have anything to do with the call."
the one who went into heat!  I'm not apologizing to an omeg--" began Tony.  Pepper shot him a withering glare and Tony dropped it.  He felt defensive; who the hell was she to lecture him?  She had no idea how it felt, what it was like.  But as much as Tony wanted to argue, he couldn't.  Because he cared about Pepper.  Possibly loved her.  And she'd just seen him at an all-time low.  He was going to have to tread lightly, at least for a couple of days, until she stopped being annoyed at him.
Tony felt relieved when the conversation turned again.  He knew that people expected kids to follow bonding, just like how people expected kids to follow marriage.  But being confronted with it made him uneasy.
He couldn't look at Bucky. He was almost nervous in such close proximity to the other.  Bucky was Bucky but he was also not.  The uncanniness of seeing his best friend like this was unnerving.
Tony was woken by the smell of bacon and eggs in a pan. Steve had a radio station on in the background, playing softly, one with alternative folk music that eased a person into the day.  Clint had recommended it to him; apparently radio came from satellites nowadays. He cooked with well practiced ease, quite contently lost in his own world as he fried mushrooms and tomatoes, adding them to the plates. He ate his own food in less five minutes (embarrassingly) and then made a tray up for Tony with the food and a cup of coffee. Steve had slept on the couch that night, not wanting to intrude upon Tony's space.
.  But it was the 21st century now and things were supposed to be better.  He swallowed. "Can we do that? Is it possible, Tony?"
"Gideon wants Donner back," Steve sighed, heavily. Banksy frowned, moving to hand a hand on Donner's arm. "Though I'm confused as to how he can legally demand that."
"You should stop listening to him.  He's poison to your mind," said the omega, pulling out a packet of gum.  "If everyone were equal, then he wouldn't order you around like a dog, and you wouldn't have to listen to him."
, Steve.  Best Mexican in town's El Coyote... you want traditional, we can go to Swingers... whatever, Steve, I don't care.  I'm not picky."
Tony nosed against Steve's neck.  He kept poking and prodding but none of his touches elicited the same reaction as Maggie's touch had.  He wondered what the omega dinner would be like... if they would all loosen up a little or be as bland and shallow as ever.  He wondered if they all just sat around talking about their Alphas. And he wondered if poor Rex would even be allowed there.
The SHIELD agent, the woman, appeared in Tony's field of vision.  Her mouth was moving, but Tony could only hear ringing.  Whatever she was saying was clearly important; her expression was stern, sharp, his gestures almost frantic.
?" blurted Tony, looking around.  He felt weird, his limbs heavy, like they were filled with liquid instead of muscle.
Tony heaved a sigh.  "Okay.  Fine.  You drive.  I'll ride bitch.  But only because I lo-- because it's your bike."  A pause.  Tony looked down at his feet.  "Hey, but, Steve... about earlier, what you said, about not being my omega in battle... even when you're not my omega, I mean, you're still my omega, right?"
"Sir.  If you retire, who do I take orders from?" he asked.  He'd always assumed he'd be retired before Karpov, but the way Karpov was talking now, he wasn't so sure.
. I'm not impressed. And yes, I bought pastries," he affirmed and pushed away from the doorway to walk over to the bedside. Steve blinked when Tony mentioned jacking off, however.
"I like my coffee black, just like my metal--" he yelled along with the music.  "--can't wait for you to fuck me up in a minute, minute--"  Despite the screaming, his hands were steady (thanks to a few shots of scotch).
"...yes," said Tony eagerly, seizing onto Steve's request with delight, pulling away from his leg.  Denying himself wasn't pleasant, but that was fine.  Tony
"I don't care.  He wasn't a good Alpha.  I don't want to talk about him," said Donner, again with startling confidence.  He beamed slightly. "I'm having a baby."
"Now let's get you in the shower..." Steve ushered Tony into the bathroom and then began stripping off himself. He felt bad... he always left his running gear in the bathroom and by the next day it was washed and back in his wardrobe. And if it wasn't, it was the day after that.
"I was thinking maybe you could go back to the Times for your next one. They wrote the first article I sent over in the list. And then move onto tv stuff, maybe with Ellen. Oh, and I'm guessing you haven't heard? About the badges?"
" shouted Tony, tossing his empty drink in the air and shooting it.  The crowd went nuts.  It was like the Expo, but smaller, more exclusive, and Tony was giddy with happiness.
person, he wanted that person to be Hammer.  An Alpha of comparable status to Tony who was incredibly annoying, far less progressive, and had already flirted with the omega.  He might as well have had a giant target painted on his forehead.
had a dream about you... funny how that happens, right?  ...how you doing? Coffee?  Tea?  ...I could use some coffee myself.  I'm not a morning guy.  You look kinda tired yourself."
Tony approached Steve, saw he was talking to someone else, and wandered off instead to find Richards and another martini (not necessarily in that order).
"Oh.  They're okay.  I, uh... SHIELD gave me a new assignment so I'm back in the field.  And, thank God, I've got my hearing aid back. Actually, funny thing, it's an old assignment.  You remember how I was put on guard duty for Project PEGASUS, out in Mojave? Yeah, I'm doing that again.  It's okay. Two weeks on and then four days off, shift work, so I'm getting some time with the kids. They haven't reassigned Nat yet... they're kind of harder on her than me, you know, since she's
"Showcasing the latest innovations, we here at Stark Industries pride ourselves on looking forward, improving the world for a better tomorrow.  I believe, that everything is achievable through technology. Better living, robust health, and, yes, even world peace."
"It seems I'm back in favor," said Karpov after a moment.  "I won't be retiring anytime soon. Lucky me. Of all the little rabbits in the world, you were bonded to the one we are most desperate to have.  And you never mentioned it. ...we knew what he was, you know. Zola had told us. But I never quite believed it. The way he looks..."
But he no longer really had a choice.  There was no substitute for palladium, and he couldn't live without the reactor, not even for a minute, not anymore.  The electromagnetism had scrambled his pacemaker cells permanently.  It wasn't just keeping the shrapnel out, but keeping his heartbeats regular.  Without it, he would go into cardiac arrest within minutes.
Tony had hopped up on the counter and closed his eyes, letting Steve shave him.  It was a wonderful sensation. He double-checked Steve's work in the mirror; his goatee looked perfectly straight and symmetrical.  He smiled approvingly and wiped off the extra shaving cream with a hand towel.  "...say what you will about the forties, Steve, but Gillette really upped its game during my century," he said as Steve went off to pick out Tony's outfit.
"--I'll have Steve call you back okay?  He's having a freak-out. Ciao. Jarv, hang up now... Steve.  He's gonna be okay. We got him out and he's got you and Banksy and George, all great omega role models... he's gonna be fine.  Seriously. Like Gleason said, he just needs perspective, that's all."
Steve sighed and shook his head. "Forget it.  I'll just our room and wait for you. A nap sounds more tempting right now... you have fun at the dry cleaners." He leaned over to kiss Tony's cheek.
Tony smiled at the familiar question.  "On your back," he said softly.  "I want to see your face.  I want to kiss you.  My omega."  He reached out to trace Steve's lips softly with his fingers.
He'd thought it was bad before, the first time he'd experienced Steve's heat.  And that was on the other side of a door, with two of his friends talking him through it... that was back before they'd been bonded... lying with his face pressed into the back of Steve's head, smelling him, touching him,
Several unmated Alphas were watching her with fascination; one of them had already spilled a drink.  She ignored them.  Tony couldn't tell if she was bonded or not; the only thing he was getting from her is that she was at the top of the pheromonal hierarchy and was not to be messed with.  She was eyeing Steve, sniffing almost inperceptively.  Tony would have loved to see her and Natasha square off.  He felt like she was reading them with her nose; everything about her radiated an almost feral energy and Tony knew immediately why she was the head of the world's large omega rights organization.
.  The nurse was a beta and was clearly unbothered by it.  Tony's body twitched a little in his sleep but he didn't wake.
In the front of the plane, Tony was watching Pepper with a steely-eyed expression.  There would be no hiding the absence of his new PA from him, clearly.  He was already aware something was up.  As Pepper pressed the martini glass into Tony's hand she gave him a serious look. "Tony.  Stan is out of action for a little bit. You won't get to see him for a few days."
Tony reached up, dragged a hand over his face, aware for the first time that he was shaking.  "...okay..." he whispered to himself, closing his eyes.  "....okay."
He huffed a little and tugged Steve's hand, walking into the little conference room with the same feeling he often got when he was going into a board room and knew the profit margins were bad.
I'll take care of it," Bucky reassured him, reaching over to pat Steve's leg.  Poor Steve. He seemed so wired, so tense. Bucky wasn't sure why. Colonel Karpov would be able to direct them where to go, if they could find him.  But Bucky needed Steve to calm down first.
"Aw, c'mon, treat the lady," said Tony encouragingly.  "You've got the money and we've got some pretty rare ones.  And it's all going to charity. You love charity!"
you. You've changed my life," she said and Steve really didn't know what to say then. She looked so young and happy. It was weird to think he could be a role model for someone like her. Taylor grabbed the microphone and grinned. "So, can Captain America sing?"
The door slammed open and a young woman strode in.  She was wearing black pants and a crisp white shirt with a shoulder-holster.  She flashed a badge at one of the protesting nurses.  Her hair was tied back in a non-nonsense bun and her eyes flashed a sharp, intelligent blue.  "Agent Maria Hill," she snapped at the nurse.  "Rogers, what the hell? You were supposed to be honeymooning!"
"I got the idea from King T'Chaka.  How he called his mate his wife," said Tony.  "...incidentally, yes, this is Wakandan vibranium.  And I laser-engraved them myself. Mine's got your initials on the inside and yours has got mine, see?"
Steve found his mind drifted when he rinsed off. He used lavender shampoo this time, in hope that it would be calming. For some reason Banksy helped him stay grounded. Nothing the phased the guy. He was experienced and yet never talked down to Steve. The first thing he'd asked Steve when they'd met was how Tony was as a mate. Banksy looked out for his fellow omegas and Steve appreciated that.
"So SHIELD knows that Steve's... forced bond... was the same guy as before," said Tony, steering them back on topic.
"He'll get it eventually," said the scientist behind him, confidently.  "...there! See?" The two were taking their clothes off. "Like I said, I could make two rocks--"
Even though he was only here for a short visit, it was much-needed.  She knew about Steve's upcoming test with SHIELD and she had plenty of advice for him.  Despite her age, she was still sharp and still interested in hearing about the going-ons of the agencies she'd been involved with back in her prime.  Talking about work was a welcome distraction from thinking about Tony.  Steve had mentioned him only in passing; she'd seemed interested but had taken the hint when Steve changed the subject every time his name came up.
pissed," said Tony happily, pulling his sunglasses down from his head to cover his eyes.  The only thing he liked more than being the center of attention was stealing the center of attention from a rival.  "Okay, Steve, let's do it."
"Steve is no longer employed by SHIELD and is giving this press release as a show of goodwill and gratitude to you for helping him downplay the Yemen incident.  But Steve doesn't owe you anything as a civilian," said Pepper sharply. "And neither does Tony. This is a favor they're doing as a thanks for your pardon. I doubt the camera's resolution is even strong enough to make out a half-inch pin."
"I'm just not sure Tony is good for him," Aria sighed, looking bored as she tapped away on her phone. "And wonderful. Photos of them making out are already on Twitter." There was plenty of comments already, and dozens of retweets which would soon become hundreds, and then thousands. Aria held up her phone for Pepper and Beth to see. "I guess least it's not a tape--" she added with a hint of mischievousness.
Maria turned away, not wanting to witness this particular scene.  Being in SHIELD often meant seeing a side of people you'd rather not.
When Steve finally sank down onto Tony, he moaned in relief, rocking his hips forward a few times before be bottomed out with a whimper. "Tony--" he whispered, eyes slipping shut. He always felt good inside of Steve, but the heat brought with it a new sense of relief that was like no other.
"Hey JARVIS!" he called as he settled down at his work bench, adjusting the desk lamp.  "Can you..."  He hesitated for a split second, then said, "...can you call Barton?  I wanna ask him some quick questions about omegas.  Also, Steve's birthday is coming up, can you look up how much a bald eagle costs?"
Steve's heart was stammering away in his chest. He felt like he was having a panic attack of some sort, except he wasn't. Tony was.
Then he glanced up.  The reactor's blue light flooded Steve's face with light and Tony realized why his heart was beating the way it was.  His omega was creeped out.
Natasha's gaze flicked over sideways to him. Clint had already been watching, reading his lips and Steve had turned his head to the right to make it easier for him.
"Har-har.  Seriously, just tell him you aren’t into him, don’t be a tease."  Tony checked his watch. "It's almost midnight. Excuse me while I go kiss my mate."
He looked over at Tony in a panic; Tony was grinning ear-to-ear.  Clearly, Tony was just joking. Hopefully one day his jokes would stop going over Steve's head like this.
"You know exactly how it's going 'cause I'm wearing a wire," growled Rhodey quietly, getting up and walking into the bathroom of the suite for some privacy.
"I'd already chosen you," Steve whispered. "Don't forget that Tony. I've been yours for almost a year now..."  Their anniversary was only a few days away.
He turned and looked over Steve with a hum of approval.  Steve always dressed pretty smartly.  Forties sensibilities, he supposed.
, a show he liked because it gave very clear, simple instructions and lots of praise for following them correctly.  Currently, he was counting with Dora in Spanish.
Tony watched Steve wiggle into his underwear, his hips movingly enticingly, not moving to put on his clothes.  Steve tucked his shirt in and began tying his tie, brow furrowed, tongue out, with military precision. The dark blue made his eyes look brighter than ever; when he looked over at Tony, Tony stared, taking a moment to process the question.
He heard a door slam.  Karpov and the driver were getting out.  He peeked out the back; they were at a gas station in the middle of nowhere.  It was mid-morning.
"I wouldn't have brought you in here if you couldn't," Steve reassured him gently. When Tony appeared to be stepping in with his dressing gown on Steve stopped him with gentle hands on his arms and reached down to untie it for him, pushing the fabric away from his shoulders before they both stepped under the hot spray of water. It wasn't as hot as Steve was normally run it, but he knew Tony didn't like it when it was too hot.
Steve was fully aware that Tony was coming off as a bit of a jerk right now. But he knew him deep down. Tony had talked him down from a panic attack and out of bad dreams. Steve knew
Someone pushed another glass into Steve's hand; a small group had begun half-chanting, half-singing "fuck 'em!"
"It's not your fault he's insecure about your bond," Natasha said calmly. "That's perfectly normal. But maybe you should have mentioned the Bucky stuff."
"You probably should," Steve agreed. "They don't like me walking around by myself, do they? Seems to make them all terribly uncomfortable... you really wanna drink now? They're gonna give you free drinks all night Tony, and you gotta win poker, remember?"
"Kate's the only one at this hospital," said Dr. Martin, unfazed.  "I assure you, Mr. Stark, I understand your feelings completely right now.  It's natural to be protective after bonding.  I just want to make sure Captain Rogers is healing well."
Tony picked up the chart hung on the end of the bed, leafing through it despite Melinda's protests; Steve was still tearing through a medicine cabinet like he might find a vial of omega fingernails or something.  Tony was on Nate's side; he wanted some Vicodin.
Tony's hands clenched onto the fabric of the sofa as Steve began rolling his balls around in his hand.
"...March, huh?" said Beth after a moment of silence.  Tony was clearly down for the count, oblivious to the wrinkles he was getting in his suit.
"Like I've done a lot of sit ups," Steve said, not even wincing as Gleason pulled the wet cloth over his neck again and again to get it clean. He kept his gaze fixed on the wall ahead, ignoring the pain best he could.
And despite people watching Steve, who was usually polite and reserved, pulled Tony into a firm kiss. Which only earned them more whoops. "Not too bad at all," he murmured in agreement, a dopey smile pulling at Steve's lips.
Tony rearranged his face into something more serious. "...it's up to you. It could be, you know, educational, about the kind of stuff omegas deal with.  I think it's important to know what we're up against. Plus, so far, Eric and Piper have been pretty bearable.   ...shit, she looks like she's like thirteen, though, doesn't she? ...anyway, if you want to go, I'm game, but it sounds like that class might be pretty intense.  Do you think you can handle it? You have a tendency to, you know... get upset and go all... righteously indignant. I don't think this will be like Richard's class.  I think they're probably gonna treat omegas bad in there and if you, as they say,
, there are a lot of people out there who want to assassinate you, and that it would be really easy to lure you out by making you think that your best friend and mate from the forties is somehow, against all odds, miraculously alive?"
But even if he couldn't bring himself to say those two words, he did obey.  He lay down on his back on the counter, excited and nervous, and also the slightest bit angry at himself for still holding on to the prejudices that had been ingrained into him since birth.
"Definitely can't get a metal one then," Steve pointed out, tucking his hands under his head as he got comfy in the sheets. His eyes were half drooping shut again.  "Was my neck still... bad?" he asked hesitantly. "Bad as last time? It didn't hurt for me at all. Well--" He blushed again. "Not in ways I didn't like."
to and I like to think you did the same. Sure, we were a little amped on hormones... but they got no right to judge us for any of that. I'm happy with you. Not because of my past, or yours." He reached up to push a loose lock of hair back from Tony's forehead. "But because of the future we're going to have together."
Tony let Steve tug him upstairs to the bedroom and half-push him into the shower to get clean.  He was dying with curiosity so he obliged Steve's requests; he got in the shower to rinse off the sweat and semen and Steve's smell off of him, and brushed his teeth for a good two minutes, hoping to mask any hint of the alcohol, since Steve was obviously pissy about that.
"I know I left. I know I did! But I came back. I was upset.  Please. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't do it to hurt you. I did it to-- to just stop Bucky from getting hurt anymore.  I don't know.  I just don't want anyone to be hurt.  Except maybe myself.  Maybe I did it to hurt myself," Steve said and then pressed his lips together, not really knowing what that meant. He stared down at his hands in his lap, not knowing what to say.
Pepper shoved her foot into the door so he couldn't close it on her.  "Your mate is upstairs hurt and scared, and you're down here hiding like a
"Makes sense. After making the whole nation cry last night, I think they'll probably come and officially remove them soon anyway," he said. "You've gone above and beyond your duty, Steve, to make the security council happy."
"...do you just carry around mouthwash and things in your purse for him like he's three years old?" asked Beth, appearing at Tony's other side.
"It's not like the sixties," added Happy helpfully.  He was trying (and failing abysmally) to look like he wasn't eavesdropping.
Pepper's eyes were wide and her brow was knotted into a frown. Even in this proximity, a heat shouldn't be doing this to Tony...not with just an employee. Not unless Tony was actually and
Steve thought he might be in love. Just a little bit. Irshad reminded him of Peggy; she had the same sort of fire. She happily put all these Alphas in their place without batting an eyelid and when she shut Ellis up about politics Steve wanted to kiss her. Not like
"Well, we're still bonded and we have two kids so whether I like it or not, I can't just hang up when he calls!"
Tony perpetually dated women much, much younger than him, and many were athletes or models with ridiculous work-out schedules and dietary restrictions.  Steve took the cake, though. The guy was... well, perfect. That's what Dad had always said, and Tony begrudgingly recognized that his father was correct.  Steve was, physically, perfect. He was like a hummingbird, in constant motion and constantly eating to keep up with his metabolism. Tony was only forty but sometimes, Steve made him feel old.  Which was even more ridiculous when you considered that Steve had been born before "The Simpsons," before credit cards, before the moon landing, before the Statue of Liberty had turned green... Steve was a century old.  Steve was the oldest person Tony had ever been with.
Steve shuddered a little as Tony's teeth continued to graze against the soft skin of his neck. He was surprised they'd honestly gone this long without doing yet already. It had been over twelve hours. "Okay. Bed," he hummed and took Tony's hand, letting his alpha tug them quite impatiently to the bedroom.
Steve was quiet for a little while. It was nice to be told you were hot, of course, although Steve had slightly cheated in the looks department (with a massive helping hand from science). But hearing Tony talk about it, hearing him talk about how he was frustrated-- that was sort of a turn on in Steve's books. He'd never thought of himself as being frustrated since he got back but feeling how Tony was turned on by him couldn't help but get Steve excited himself.
.  We don't have money, we don't have families that want us.  If we don't get an Alpha, then we'll end up on the street. It's not easy to be an omega; you should know that!  But it's even hard to be poor. It's harder not to have any support or safety net. That's something I doubt you know anything about,
He couldn't bear the thought of there not being, of them haunting him to his graze...Steve wouldn't have it. He always liked the idea of a family; it was appealing, but his idea of happiness had never depended on it. Security and just a
His head snapped around from he'd been gazing at the chair. It pulled to him in the most sinister way. Steve almost felt an itch to sit in it. But he also had a strange sense that, if he did, he wouldn't get out of it the same person. It was stupid and nonsensical, it was just a chair... wasn't it?
"Well, call me if that ever changes," said Tony, pulling out a business card and tucking it into Gene's front pocket.
. Even if it was only a hot meal for Bucky to come home to, the other still appreciated it. Especially in the winter times, when it was so cold outside Bucky used to tumble straight into bed from work and Steve had to bring him dinner on a tray. He missed those days sometimes. Being smaller...knowing what it was to struggle. He didn't miss the stress but he missed the comradeship, how close it had brought him and Bucky together.
Tony had talked to Gleason about this; since he'd bonded Steve, smells had changed. Gleason said that was normal; most Alphas became tuned to their omegas and consequently disinterested in other omegas after bonding.  Tony had observed, over the last eight months, that omegas in pre-heat and post-heat no longer fascinated him as they once had. Steve's smell, on the other hand, was intoxicating. But now, with the renewed bond, Steve's body was re-adjusting itself to Bucky's chemical preferences.  His smell was still attractive to Tony, still a siren's song. But Tony was all too aware that Steve's body had made known its preference. Biologically, Steve's body wanted the better Alpha: the one more able to protect him and to sire children.
Tony kept one eye open, but the room was blurring.  He put out one hand weakly, groping for Steve's, but his limbs felt so heavy.  He wasn't sure whether or not he managed to grab Steve's fingers before darkness fell and just like that, he was unconscious, head dropping onto his chest.
Pepper had escorted him to the shop, filling in what little she knew.  Downstairs, Tony was lying on his back on one of his couches in the corner, staring at the ceiling, eyes vacant.  None of the monitors were on; the suits stood empty along one wall.  Rhodes had never appreciated that Tony's shop was normally buzzing with activity.  Quiet like this, it was eerie.
"You do know that Gideon doesn't actually want you back, right, Donner?" Banksy said gently, sitting down on the other side of him. He'd also listened to the recording. Steve had tried to explain the situation to him best he could, that he'd done everything he could think of to try and get through to Donner.
Tony picked at the Styrofoam a little harder, trying to wrap up what he was saying.  "So what I'm saying... is that... it... affected me... a lot..." Tony's brow furrowed as he concentrated on the cup.  "...but... now that... he rebonded you... it's like... like... I don't even care because... I'm just so...
appreciated it. He knew that this was a big thing for Tony. And it certainly felt fantastic...he would maybe ask about that other thing Tony had done with his mouth the other day. That had felt fantastic.
Steve's gaze didn't move from him. It remained fixed and still, as if he was scared Bucky might move if he pulled away from him.
Pepper grabbed a tablet and opened up her own emails. "It's...good! No one seems to have noticed that you were going into a preheat by the end of it. Small mercies at least."
"No... no, no, no, you're doing great," panted Tony.  "You're doing good, you're so good, omega... I'm sensitive... I'm too sensitive for that right now..."
Tony's eyes narrowed and he paused, breathing through his mouth, trying to find Malick's scent.  More dominant Alpha... and, yes, unbonded.
if you get a chance.  Christine wrote a great story about me.  ...did you happen to get acquainted with her, Tony?  She was something."
He placed a call to Dr. Ludheim.  "Do we know the soldier's activation words? ...what do you mean, they're in a
Banksy swallowed, then looked up with a sad smile.  "Ryan and I are okay now, by the way," he said. There was a nervous, sad chuckle from the audience and Boswell's son, Ryan, nodded at Banksy with the same sad smile.
"Was your long-term plan to just keep replacing it?" asked Natasha.  "Keep playing a game of catch-up?"
Rhodes, like Steve, was a military man.  He listened attentively to all the information he was given, nodding and asking questions when he needed to without interrupting the stream of advice being hurled at him.  It was a welcome reprieve from Tony's style of not-listening that Steve had gotten used to over the last year. He and Rhodey actually had a surprising amount in common; Rhodey had a good sense of humor but he was also someone with a low tolerance for bullshit.  He and Tony being friends was both immediately obvious and also a complete mystery; they could have easily hated each other.
The third appointment was far better. The therapist was a woman who was tall and well built. She was a beta, her eyes chocolate-coloured and kind. And her hair fell in thick black curls over her face and her shoulders. She was fun. She made Steve laugh, showed him pictures of her own platoon. She had actually been an army medic but she knew what the rush of the fight was like all the same. Her name was Lucy and he instantly clicked with her. She didn't give a shit about his status and she spoke to him like a fellow soldier, something he'd kind of missed.  He appreciated not being talked down to.  He took her number for a second appointment, and this time, he actually set it up.
DeSoto listened to Steve's whole speech with a little smirk.  Being told he wasn't wanted was, he knew, simply Steve being jealous and protective of his mate.  He saw it all the time. He also clearly didn't believe there were any omega agents or, if there were, that they were any good.  And finally, he seemed to think Steve was delusional for considering himself lucky.
Kerry gave them a thoughtful look.  "...that's... specific. Well, our teams will be flying out tomorrow to their designated camps to help with the shelter set-ups.  George and I will be in Georgia. If you want to be at ground zero on the 4th, then you should probably fly out tomorrow. Like I said, we're serving the warrant at about six or seven in the morning.  But we'll be working all day and the night before to get operations set up. We're expecting that some of the kids are going to be pretty traumatized... physically, and emotionally."
"I love you, Steve," said Tony, kissing the corner of Steve's mouth, trying not to get a taste of his own spunk.  Steve was still red with laughter. "...happy second heat together," he added, closing his eyes. His body was shutting down, at least for an hour or two.  He knew he'd wake up later, ready to go again... but for now, at least, he was satisfied.
"I w-want you, please," he begged.  "I want you now, I want to touch you, I'm sorry.  Make it stop. It hurts. Please. I don't want to feel this anymore."
Tony didn't believe in nature.  That was stupid.  He was sure he could control himself; he was a logical person.
"Feels so good to be outside again. Properly," Steve breathed. He'd spent a lot of time on balconies throughout the house to try and stop himself from going mad, but that hadn't been the same. He glanced down at the waves, moving lazily up the shore line. They looked tempting. "Will the water be cold if we go in?" he asked.
for it, and it took him several long seconds to come down, giving Steve a couple of last sporadic thrusts, emptying the last little bit of jizz into him.
He held Tony's hand as he watched Nick turn, his long, black coat disappearing into the crowd along with the suitcase.  Steve doubted he'd ever see that suitcase again, but as for Fury, well... Steve did not think it was outside of the realm of possibility.
"Wait, hold on.  Instead of giving us six bodyguards, why don't I just take the Mark IV?" suggested Tony.
He used to wheeze and cough through every winter night. Bucky was always worried sick. Every Christmas Steve had to entertain the idea that he might not make it through to the new year.
They marched him down the beach.  He followed because he didn't really know where else to go and also because the dog was following him and he didn't want it to bark or chase him if he ran away.
"Pepper, let's get out of here," blurted Tony.  "Let's be spontaneous.  I don't wanna spend the week doing press statements, let's go to Italy, or... or we could hit up Amsterdam... we're in Europe, let's live a little, be healthy... we can get a little place in Venice, relax, have a
"Tuesday?  ...no, no, I was hoping... you see, I'm unbonded and I was hoping we might hit it off," said George.
Steve interlinked their fingers together loosely at the silent offer as they went to get into the car. He was feeling more nervous now at the thought of the press conference and the 'function'. He wasn't sure if he was really in the mood for a not-party right now... but it would be rude to turn all those people down.
. "The answer's in this room. And I know it hurts, in more ways than one. But you can ponder over the past another time," he breathed. "Right now I'm more concerned with your future, and making sure you
to notice it and yet... nothing else about T'Challa seemed especially dominant. He wasn't like that man from the Conference (Steve could not even remember his name), who'd had an incredibly loud and obnoxious voice. Steve hadn't liked him.  No, T'Challa's dominance was a quiet sort of thing.  A panther coiled, waiting, and ready to pounce.
Maybe she knew that, because Steve had literally never seen her so submissive.  She wasn't even making eye contact with either of them. "Please. Give me the shield.  I can get us out of here."
On the morning of their departure, Tony had a cup of coffee, and on the plane, he had only a half-glass of scotch, which was probably the least anyone had seen him drink since before the beginning of the year.
Pepper actually stopped ranting, clearly surprised.  "It's-- it's an Alpha rights group. Like, the biggest one in the world.  How do you not know that?"
Unbeknownst to him, Steve was fighting every instinct in his body to kneel in front of Tony again. "They're probably going to get mad at me, you know. For kneeling for you," he said. "They weren't impressed with the heat either."
Everyone was standing and shaking hands.  When Steve had finished and slid his papers back over to Hawley, Tony rose with him, keeping a hand on his shoulder as Hawley reached over to shake his hand, then Fury, then a guy from the Department of Defense... then Malick was sticking his hand out, and there was another veiled threat there:
"Drink?" asked Boswell, pointing to Tony with the hand gripping the glass.  Tony noticed his hands. Boswell's age was starting to show.
"When do you think it will be safe to brave it and go upstairs?" Gleason mused, staring up at the ceiling as the vast white expanse would somehow provide an answer.
Steve didn't really understand what was happening. All he knew was that he was on the ground and his ass felt like it was on fire and Tony was swearing loudly in his ears. Steve flinched and then slowly began to make out a familiar voice.
Tony sighed miserably.  Bucky was going to hang over this relationship for a while, he knew.  He felt a tinge of guilt, knowing that Steve couldn't help it.  He'd bonded with Bucky before Tony had ever been born, and he hadn't realized...
Steve curled his arms around Tony on instinct and tilted his head down to kiss his Alpha's hair. He let his eyes slip shut briefly as he just appreciated the closeness. "You know I'm almost always up for it Tony," he murmured with a half smile. "And it
He'd overstepped; Donner was hunched up again, shaking his head violently.  "No. No, I don't want to talk to him, he's-- he's not a good omega."
"Fine. Okay, but I'm helping you walk. Jesus Christ, Tony," Steve sighed, and moved to stand up himself with a slight wobble. Natasha reached out briefly but didn't touch as he steadied himself. He understood that this was a point of pride for Tony but it was still frustrating as hell to see him willing to hurt himself to just for the sake of it. The picture most papers were using was the one from ER. It made sense. It was good quality, powerful and moving, and it fit a familiar narrative, that of a powerful Alpha protecting his omega. The picture alone made it clear that Tony had saved him, and was his Alpha, and was tough as nails... but that apparently wasn't enough.
