Words could not express how embarrassed I was. I never did this kind of thing. Not since Sam was a kid. As I wrestled with the urge to shove him away, the warmth from his body cut through the cool night air and chased away the last remnants of the nightmare lingering at the edges of my thoughts. His words settled somewhere deep, illuminating what was used to being cold and dark.
Panic shot through me like a bullet. I didn’t want to be alone. I shot up out of bed and called, “Wait!”
He was powerless to argue. Sam clenched his fists at his side, going through every option in his head before concluding that there was no way he could help his brother without either of them ending up dead. Regret in each step, Sam led the way down the road in the direction Joseph Walsh said his old house used to be.
His body continued pumping into Castiel’s hand (who had stilled by this point, lost in watching the hunter climax) until he was spent. After the last bit of white was milked out of him, he collapsed back onto his pillow, chest rising and falling rapidly as he tried to catch his breath. His eyelids were heavy, but he managed to open them and look at the angel staring.
Sam adjusts to life as a doggo. Dean struggles with the fact that he doesn't have Sam as a middle man to deal with Castiel anymore.
“Who found the bodies?” I asked, scanning the x-rays again.
Jack did not respond.
Castiel didn’t seem to notice, and went ahead with removing the final piece. Now completely bare, he knelt back on the bed and noted how stiff Dean’s body had become. Careful not to move too fast, he slowly slid between Dean’s legs coming nearly face to face now that the hunter was sitting up. Dean shivered when he felt their bare skin connect for the first time and then again when Castiel’s shaft rubbed up against his own.
Sam swallowed hard but Dean just chuckled. A look of distrust crossed over the older man’s face as he took a step closer toward the Winchesters. They both stiffened as the Sherriff scented them. Dean in particular averted his eyes and tried hard not to pull away. Feeling his brother’s distress, Sam shot him a questioning look.
Happiness filled his body as he started down the narrow hall toward the kitchen where he believed she would be. But just as he was passing the sitting room doors, he got a whiff of something foul; stale iron and rotting meat.
I could see the way his dark brows furrowed over his hauntingly blue eyes that he was upset. Cursing myself quietly, but unable to take back what I said, I dug my keys out of my pocket. I stubbornly avoided looking in his direction and ignored him saying my name.
I tucked my knees close as I buried my face in my hands and whispered to the ghost of Cas’ memory, “Me too…”
“Shit. I mean…did the witch do this? Did you get a good look at who they are?”
“Here.” Joel pointed. “I told him Maggie might go through set storage to get to the doors in the back.”
“I can try.” He replied, shooting a look over my brother’s shoulder at the secretary.
“Well, damn!” Dean grinned, clapping Sam on the shoulder. “Why don’t you see if you can find Joseph Welch’s address, and I’ll go get us some provisions?”
“What the hell, Dean?”
Angling his body to block the pouch from being seen from the main thoroughfare, Sam hissed, “That’s against the law.”
Glancing at me he cleared his throat and rubbed at his face. Chuckling a small bit, he muttered, “After what we saw? No…not a lot.”
I crossed the distance between us at a sprint. Our chests collided. I held him tightly as my momentum turned us in a full circle.
Sam’s blood ran cold. A hunting trip could only mean one thing to Winchesters: bounty hunting. Somehow, he managed to keep his expression under control and turned to Jessica. Very calmly he mumbled, “Go ahead on inside, I’ll be in in a little while.”
We stayed late into the night trying to find anything on how to defeat a Tikbalang and came up with jack. Nothing aside from turning your shirt inside out and asking politely to pass through the forest. Which I found hilarious but not helpful. Sometime around midnight we packed up, paid the bill, and headed back to the campground.
“Be careful, Dean.”
Nothing. I pulled out the walkie talkie and checked it. Still nothing. Had that been my imagination? It could have been the creaking of the trees combined with the adrenaline pumping through my veins. I grumbled in frustration, shivering from the sudden drop in temperature. Just as I tried calling out again, I heard the voice once more. My body tensed. It couldn't have been the fox. Those had been actual words.
Hazel eyes rolled in their sockets at the slurred insult. It wasn’t Christmas anymore.
“Don’t try to move,” the witch said from somewhere above me. “Your body is still transitioning. I…I didn’t want to do the transformation on someone that’s awake. But you…you didn’t give me a choice.”
Finally getting a bit of the Destiel action! Thanks for the long wait on this one to those of you actually reading my passion project. I've been feeling kind of down lately about my writing but I do love this story and where its going so that's kept me going. Hope you're happy!
“Sh-she lives with her mom,” Helena called quietly from the sidelines. “People I work with mentioned they keep to themselves but do good costuming work.”
“Dean,” Sam’s voice came from the door, full of concern. “Can we talk?”
Sam rolled his eyes, taking off in the direction of the town hotel. Hopefully there was still a room available this late in the day. The pair made their way across the street, avoiding eye contact with each other. Inside, a tired looking man greeted them, blinking heavily lidded eyes.
His green eyes looked me over critically before he grunted in greeting. He looked tired and pale.
Well paint me surprised. My eyes widened in realization; Isadora. Sam and I shared a look.
We sprinted back to the Impala, went and grabbed the four-wheeler and hauled ass up the mountain. As the sky darkened with the accumulation of thick, black storm clouds, I felt that familiar knot in my stomach that showed up every time before something big went down. It made my leg bounce in anticipation.
“Alright,” he mumbled, stepping back into the room. “Lay down.”
“Damn the dam!” she suddenly yelled, cutting him off. “Stop the slaughter of unique ecosystems now!”
Wide-eyed, Dean watched as his brother’s face changed. The horror of finding Jessica still twisted his features, but his eyes hardened; danger simmered under the surface. Despite wanting to bare his neck, Dean instead bit the inside of his cheek and shrugged Sam off. They stood facing each other, breathing heavily, thoughts roiling silently.
What I saw kind of blew my mind a little. I’d only ever seen the shadow of Castiel’s wings once before. And now, draped across my sleeping brother, I could see them. They weren’t solid, more like a half-remembered dream. But they looked more real than the shadow I’d witnessed briefly once before.
I passed by them and a dozen other bodies on my way to my room. Miracle trotted next to me, tongue lolling out of the side of his mouth as he panted. All my mind had time for was getting everything we would need together. I went to my dresser and started rummaging through the drawers.
Castiel looked relieved, probably thinking I hadn’t noticed.
“Ma’am,” Sam answered politely.
Ash blonde brows drew together in confusion as Dean asked, “Why would he ask that?”
us, Sammy, and I need help finding him.”
Sam started slightly under her delicate touch. Not quite able to meet her eyes he chuckled, “
I asked silently, a small whine escaping as I adjusted my sitting position next to Cas’ leg.
“Moonchild? Mind if we ask you a few questions?” I asked, muscling down the urge to chuckle.
Outside, I tugged my phone from my pocket. There were two missed calls from Castiel. The first one was him explaining dryly that he had ‘acquired’ the two collars from evidence and mentioned that they looked like an old form of Gaelic. In the second one he said that he went back and found the responding officer that Helena had mentioned to Sam and me. He started giving details but was cut off by the message limit being reached. I laughed thinking of Castiel standing outside the precinct going on and on about what he learned, not even realizing it wasn’t recording.
Dean sang the whole way. Loudly. It took all of Sam’s patience not to shoot him.
I laughed. No hold barred, laughed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean broke the silence first. Starting on untying the reigns around the post, he spat, “So what, you gonna live some apple pie life now?”
“That’s not what I expect. I’ll need you to help Sam keep everyone focused if I don’t come back.”
“Do you have pictures?”
“Did you see anything in the lore about this kind of thing?”
“Thank you for your time, Sherriff. We’ll keep in touch.” Sam muttered, backing away slowly with Dean in tow.
Good.
’. Not wanting to look any longer at the infuriatingly empathetic concern deeply creasing the skin on his forehead, I turned to head toward the Impala. All I could think of was slamming my foot on the accelerator and putting this whole mess as far in the rear-view mirror as I could. Unfortunately, I only made it about three steps before my heart sank.
Moonlight from the half-moon filtered down from the sky through the sparse branches of the trees in the area, casting the low-lying brush of the surrounding hills in a cool grey. The pair studied each other, wondering their own separate questions. They were lost enough that the sound of a female voice coming down the lonely dusty road came as a complete shock.
Eileen stood with Miracle waiting by the door that led into the bunker. I slapped my leg and the dog came bounding over tail wagging emphatically. I ruffled his ears and kissed the top of his head. Sam and Eileen went on ahead of me, twining their fingers together as they disappeared around the corner. I paused, hand hovering over the light switch, and looked back at the Impala. She still had those speakers strapped to her roof, but she was in one piece. I smiled and thanked her silently for yet another job well-done.
“Sorry, buddy, but you can’t come.” I murmured, glancing over at Jack who nodded and whistled. Miracle looked like he hesitated for a moment before going to Jack’s side.
“We’ll have to stash the cars somewhere outside of town. People have already seen us driving them.” I muttered, crossing my arms and glancing for the hundredth time at Helena working.
Surprise flitted across her freckled face. We faced off in silence, ignoring the curious looks of the passersby around us.
“Dean, what –?”
Immediately Dean felt like he was a general and Cas was one of his soldiers following blindly. But then, the angel’s eyes caught the hunter’s and held his gaze. In them, Dean could see the seriousness. He wasn’t just saying that because he was doing what he thought Dean wanted. He genuinely cared.
. Dean thought irritably, shooting to his feet.
“She’s been a sheet on the wind ever since Chuck and Amara rode off into the sunset together. You think you got an idea where we can find her?”
Sam closed and locked the door before dragging my desk chair close to where I’d posted up on the foot of my bed. Neither of us said anything at first. It felt like Sam was struggling with how to begin. I couldn’t even look at him.
The barkeep, a portly woman with close-cropped curly hair, smoothly placed a glass down on the counter in front of Dean before glancing warily at the copper pinned on the inner lining of his coat. After a moment, she leaned in close and muttered, “’Course. You’re talkin’ ‘bout the Woman in White.”
Castiel nodded reverently but again, did not elaborate. Frustrated, I ran my hands through my hair and took a step back. After a few calming breaths and one last comb through the hair, I asked slowly, “Was it bad?”
Eventually, Sam managed to wrestle the keys from Dean’s pocket. The older of the two muttered weak expletives as Sam opened the door, shoved him in and strode around to the driver’s seat. As the younger Winchester pulled out onto the deserted road, he wondered when the last time Dean had let loose like this. Years. Normally he would drink cheap whiskey or beer in the bunker and pass out in an arm chair or his room.
Sam groaned.
Unfortunately, the trail went cold fast. The pair of us stood amidst the dense woods standing and gawking at the ferns with nothing to go on.
“Jessica?” he called out tentatively.
As soon as the door creaked open, he wasted no time scooping up his father’s journal and his gun belt before heading out into the darkened street.
“You see him today?” Dean asked, doing a decent job at hiding his excitement.
“Dean.” Sam called suddenly, breaking my concentration. “Look at this.”
Glowering, Ivan adjusted his sitting position, “You don’t expect me to sit here, after hearing all that, do you?”
Joseph shook his head, looking like he wanted nothing more than to find the bottom of a bottle. Dean stood and slid the last of the whiskey over with a look that said he was sorry for drudging up old pains.
Working quickly, Sam dislodged my boot. Gritting my teeth in pain and digging my fingers into the dirt, I bore with the agony of him carefully removing my boot. It was already starting to swell and discolor. Seeing that I groaned and asked, "Is it broken?"
Before I even emerged from the tree line, I could hear the roar of the flames. I coughed, shielding my stinging eyes from the acrid smoke. It raged despite the rain, bursting through windows and licking up the side of the house. My childhood home, the only one aside from Bobby’s that I’d ever really known. How was it here? A faint scream rose up. It was from inside the house. One that had haunted me my whole life. Mom.
Once the pair were in the bathroom, Dean handed Castiel a towel and started wiping himself off. Glancing over at the angel from under his eyelashes, Dean continued to wonder about what this all meant. He worried that everything would change now. Did Cas expect them to kiss and date like a real couple would? Again, he didn’t know how to answer.
As Sam opened the door to my room he asked curiously, “What are you looking for?”
Dean stuck the root in his mouth, once again avoiding his brother’s disapproving gaze as he stuffed the packet away. He kept his hands there while he chewed distractedly and mumbled, “Just so you know…I didn’t ask you along only ‘cause I needed a…a
Sam’s eyes softened into his trademark puppy dog look as he said, “Helena, I’m Sam Winchester, and this is my brother –”
“You’re giving me mixed signals, Dean.” Cas chastised, retracting his hand. “What do you want me to do.”
The faint smell of cookies wafted down the hall making Sam smile. Jessica must have been busy making them for when he got back, bless her soul. Looking over at the side table near the door he saw what looked to be a fresh plate of said oatmeal cookies next to a note that read: ‘
Resting his forearms on his knees, Floyd asked, “So powers-be finally got you boys on this now, huh?”
Silently, Joseph held out his glass. Dean obliged. After downing the contents of his third free glass, the man’s eyes looked a bit glassy. Rubbing at his tired face he grumbled, “She got real…down, after…after…well, one day she rode to the bridge just outside of town and…jumped in the river.”
“I see ‘em,” Sam acknowledged. “Looks like half a dozen lawmen.”
I ignored him.
“At the bar in town,” Sam answered sarcastically. “Taking advantage of post-Christmas cheer.”
“You get much sleep?” I asked casually, making sure not to look at him directly.
In an effort to keep his cool, he covered his face with an arm and grumbled, “Don’t just stare, man. Do something.”
I left the other hunters in the main room to start construction while I headed to the storage rooms with some of the others to get anything and everything that might be able to help us. But when I heard Jack, I stopped. I motioned for the others to go ahead.
I'll put up the next chapter soon. I'm going through and editing now. Wish me luck!
AN: I tried indenting the first few chapters and I have quickly realized how annoying that is to code, so I am abandoning that! Hope it doesn't ruin any immersion.
I took a tentative sip of my steaming coffee before answering, “Both of the victims had partially digested dog food in their stomachs. One of the victims, Thomas Waithe, went missing last month for about two weeks before they found his body in the middle of the main road. Seems he’d been struck by a vehicle. Gail Heavensby went missing right after they found Thomas’ body. They found her a little outside of town, also in the middle of the road, also struck by a vehicle.”
“She’ll be back Joel; the coffee shop is probably busy.”
“What’s going on Cas? What did he tell you?”
“Alright…where should I start?”
Even though the other was currently slouching in the rickety wooden chair across the table, Dean could tell that he was easily a foot taller than the old man and at least thirty pounds heavier. Not to mention a good twenty years younger. It wasn’t like the oldest Winchester was worried about it. Checking out the people in a room came as more a force of habit now that he had to consider what it meant being an Omega. In answer, Dean pulled out a chair opposite and raised his brows, asking quietly if he could sit.
The aftermath of what happened in Diablo comes crashing down around the older Winchester's shoulders.
“Yeah,” I chuckled bitterly, checking to make sure I could merge back onto the highway before doing so. “He gets overwhelmed and needs time to process.”
Dean shrugged, breathing heavily and tugged the blanket tighter around his shoulders.
“If you take the angel, eventually he’ll end up back here.” She groaned. “Doesn’t matter how long angels live, they all do. But he is
Castiel groaned, long and low. When he opened his eyes, he was unfortunate enough to meet the gaze of the other person in the room. The other Alpha’s condescending gaze further narrowed smugly on Cas’
If the angel hadn’t been eerily still before, he certainly was now. His body tensed and he cast his eyes away, off in the direction Dean had disappeared. Despite wanting to order him to tell me, I allowed him a grace period.
“Sammy, you beautiful bastard.”
I muttered darkly, “Pull over.”
The familiar creak of the driver’s side door of the Impala accompanied my exclamation of, “Wow.”
Rummaging around in the tight space that was his kitchen, he returned shortly with two commemorative mugs from civil war reenactment sites. Nodding in thanks I took a small sip and was pleasantly surprised that the bitter liquid, despite being absent of cream or sugar, was a velvety dark roast. A desire to polish off the cup washed over me, but with a tinge of disappointment I set the cup down on his coffee table and turned to him.
Sam informed me that at the edge of this town, Winthrop, was the last gas station around for the next sixty miles until we got to Diablo. I noted the sign above the two pumps written in fading old west font that read ‘Last Chance General Store’ as I pulled alongside. Grinning to myself, I caught the gaze of a small group of silver haired bikers leaning against their rides, eating their snacks and appreciating the beauty of the ’67 Impala. I smirked with pride and gave them a knowing nod as I turned off the engine.
“Last night – “
He said it without any hint of irony, reminding me that we belonged to each other finally. Heat flared up in my cheeks at the thought.
“Not for this long,” Dean said darkly.
“Jessica!” Sam cried, hands going up to pull desperately at his hair. “Jess!”
The pair of lawmen practically licked their lips as the Sherriff smirked, “Figured that was your name. See, I leafed through this
“I don’t know about you,” Garth said, producing a horn of his own. “But I
She softened when he used her nickname, only a trace of skepticism remaining in the corner of her slightly pursed lips before even that melted away, transforming into a smile. As she draped her arms up and over Sam’s shoulders, pressing her body against his boldly, Sam noticed the flush of drink on her cheeks. Leaning in as she tugged him closer to her level, she whispered into his ear, “Care to escort an Omega home?”
I wasn’t really sure if that’s what I was feeling.
“You know, we made one hell of a team back there.” The genuine smile on Dean’s face simultaneously warmed Sam’s spirit and crushed it. He had been struggling with that very thought for the last day.
The party went on for hours. None of them could remember getting Thanos-snapped out of existence which was good. Sam filled them in on how we took down Chuck, only adding to our legendary clout. I didn’t say a whole lot. Just listened to the other stories being told and watched as everyone got drunk around me as I sucked on ice cubes.
An argument? That was it? Out of habit I asked passingly, “Do you remember what this woman looked like?”
“Don’t move.” She ordered, reminding Dean of the faint weakness in his legs.
Taking in sharp, shallow breaths in an effort to prepare himself, he nodded as if to say, ‘Just do it’. Which I did. With one sharp yank, I ripped the spine out. Clutching his shoulder, he slumped forward and hissed in agony. Thankfully, ‘bouncing back quickly and pushing through’ was a shared middle name. I clapped him on his back and stooped to pick up the gun that had dropped from his shocked hands. Taking it from me, he jerked his chin down at my ankle and asked, “You good?”
High pitched ringing in his ear muffled the outraged cries of the men around him. But with their pants down they couldn’t do much by way of counter attack. Dean circled his arms around the woman in a sort of morbid hug and fired once, twice, five more times, emptying the cylinder. Bodies thudded to the ground one by one, but Dean’s finger kept squeezing the trigger. When the shock and adrenaline started wearing off, he took in a few deep, shuddering breaths before pushing the woman’s dead body off. Trembling all over, he stood.
He looked pale, sullen, and soaked through. Thankfully he had a look of gritty determination in his eyes that only showed up when he’d managed to sort through his problems enough to be functional. Catching sight of us, he strode over. I was surprised when he elbowed Castiel and grunted for him to make some room. The angel also looked a little astonished, but quickly obliged.
I shook my head, “I’m fine…”
Sam’s eyes widened, but he didn’t interrupt.
Once the sun had come up enough to disperse the mist, we headed back to the bar. The owner seemed surprised to see us considering we left so late last night, but didn’t linger on the thought too long. He asked gruffly what we wanted for breakfast and quickly shuffled off to start on the order. Holding the mug of coffee up to my forehead I let the warm porcelain sooth away the stiffness I’d been carrying around like a cloud over my head. I nursed the scalding liquid and continued to meditate on the blissful silence that had finally settled into my mind.
“Oh, okay. Well, at least let me pack you something.” She said, motioning us into the house. “And you can fill me in more.”
Dean’s voice died in his throat as he realized I didn’t have opposable thumbs. I huffed in frustration, going over the logistics of trying to explain to them how to do it. All three of us fell into an awkward silence.
“Tweaking out?”
“Don’t breathe a word of this to anyone, if you know what’s good for you.” Cas growled, wiping the evidence away with his free hand.
Before he could say anything else, I limped past him, shoulder-checking as I did. He tried calling after me, telling me to wait, but thankfully he didn't follow. I disappeared down the gravel road away from the campsite, ignoring the pain in my leg.
“No, I mean, it’s just –”
He could see desire hiding just under her rage and feel it as her palm pressed closer to his groin.
Curious, I looked down his finger and saw a slightly blurry license plate. Dean shot me a triumphant grin, “Great, we just need to hack into the registration database and search for the owner’s name.”
Unfortunately, Sam didn’t notice the twinkle of pride in the corner of his brother’s eye. Instead, he turned away and asked gruffly, “We got an accord?”
Despite my genius attempt at encouragement he didn't look diffused at all. In an attempt at keeping my nerves in check I swallowed and said more seriously, "C'mon, go. I've got firepower if I need it."
After years hunting monsters and feeling the same rush of adrenaline each time, the familiar sensation steadied my hand. The air huffing through my nose billowed into the darkness as I slowly turned. Down the barrel of my gun I caught sight of Castiel’s car. It too was sitting dark and vacant. My stomach felt like someone had run up and punched a hole through it.
(See the end of the chapter for
I froze, my heart racing as I turned to look at him, “I’m…dead?”
As I cracked open my eyes, I could see that she was incredibly pale. Looking down at me she swallowed hard before putting on gloves and asking for Dean to bring a lamp over from across the room. The light was blinding as it was pointed down at me. I whined again and shut my eyes.
It didn’t escape Dean’s notice that the man hesitated. Without waiting for the man to convince himself not to talk, Dean leant forward and topped off the man’s glass. They shared another drink. Wiping at his mouth Joseph continued, “Not as much. She was a wild sort. Didn’t much like being cooped up at home with the children.”
The pair froze. Blue eyes turned to the blonde standing a few feet away and asked silently what he wanted.
Kneeling down next to me, concern furrowing his brows he asked, "How you holding up?"
The pair of us went to the front door. It was pretty normal looking, but the smell of herbs was super strong. I sneezed. Definitely plants traditionally used for spells in the garden. Dean glanced at me as he opened the screen door and knocked solidly.
Sam wondered.
“You two are the Rangers I’ve heard about, right? And that means you work for the state, and if you work for the state you work for the government, and if you work for the man, then you’re the enemy.”
A little while later, I pulled the Impala over for a refuel. Sam didn’t wait long to make himself scarce. I don’t think he was doing it on purpose. He genuinely just wanted to get some snacks. But as I watched his back disappear inside the store, I let out a long breath and rubbed my tired face with my hand.
Shielding his eyes from the blast, Sam asked, “You got a gun?”
Sam’s brow shot up skeptically as he asked, “Pa let you get a bounty on your own?”
Spinning on my heel, I struck out with a wild right hook. I could feel my composure slipping. It was getting in my head.
“Blaze of Glory, Sammy!”
“Hey,” Sam called, reaching over to shake Dean’s shoulder. “You’ll kill me if you throw up in your own car, so don’t.”
The man’s voice cracked on the word boyfriend, and suddenly I knew why they hadn’t been talking before Thomas’ death. The blood drained from my face as I asked, “Would his boyfriend be the same Joel Brown that reported him missing?”
“It’s what we do.” Claire added as she jogged into the kitchen from the backdoor. I hadn’t even realized she was paying attention.
Clearing my throat and turning my body slightly I said, “Dude…a little privacy?”
Cas’ hand on my shoulder startled me. Not sure why. I knew he was there. But something about how gentle it was caught me off guard. It had always been that way though. Why did it bother me now? Suddenly, angry, orange flames, sprayed with a thick fan of blood came to mind. My eyes shot open.
I shot a worried look at Sam who answered with an unsure shrug of his shoulders.
“I’m sorry, Cas.” I breathed, lost in that look.
The three of us stood in silence. I felt Miracle’s tail whipping against my leg. When I looked down and stared into his unashamedly loving eyes, I suddenly knew what we had to do. Letting out a joyous bark of laughter, I ruffled Miracle’s ears and started toward the Impala.
Sam rolled his eyes and continued, “No, listen to this: ‘Three workers have gone missing over the past two weeks. Eyewitnesses say they last saw them wandering into the forest in the middle of their shift. One, native Diablo Washingtonian Floyd Rees, says that the site manager said something about hearing his little girl screaming for help shortly before running off.’ And get this, I did some digging and I found other disappearances going back decades. Not all at once like right now but Dean, this sounds like a case to me.”
“Kept sayin’ somethin’ about hearin’ voices in the trees...Jesus Christ, sorry boys, I’m gonna need a minute.”
I listened to the sound of his footfall growing fainter and fainter until all that I was left with was the sound of nature. No cars, no music, no nothing. Just the wind and my own shallow breathing. Every creak of a tree and every snap of a twig had me on edge. It was too big out here. Too many places for a monster to hide.
“So what kind of monster do you think has the hots for jerks?”
She was still breathing. I jostled her shoulder and called down, “Hey! Maggie? Can you hear me?”
He glanced at me over his shoulder, taking in the warm smile brightening my face. For a moment I saw the urge to grimace in the lines above his eyebrows. But then he sighed and said, “I call the thicker sleeping bag.”
“Horse took a bullet to the head and left flank,” the woman commented, looking up from her kneeling position. “But there’s a lot of blood all over the saddle.”
“Shut up!” Gertie lashed out with one of her hands, a burst of flames arching across the distance between them.
They were worried. So was I. None of us had any idea what the Empty was capable of. Sam gathered me into a one-armed embrace as he ordered, “Don’t die.”
“You heard that too?”
“Got a tail as soon as I picked up the letter,” Dean continued, still smirking. “Shook ‘em easy enough, circled around, and followed them back to a town called Jericho. All we gotta do is find their hideout, bust in guns blazing, and get Pa out.”
“Damn it…how long ago?”
beds.”
I couldn’t speak. Couldn’t move. His blue eyes were gone. All that looked back at me was black. The black of a demon.
The shorter of the two started rummaging around in his saddle bag while shooting the other a scalding look, “I was tracking down my own rogue in New Orleans.”
“Well it’s a company town, owned by Seattle City Light, same as a lot of them around here actually.” Sam explained, motioning toward the mountains.
, I said silently.
Sam held on even tighter, his fingers digging in to the soft flesh of her long neck. Her nails clawed uselessly at his skin. Her eyes cast around, looking for any sign of help. They widened in horror as they caught sight of something over Sam’s shoulder. Something about her acting so helpless now enraged him. After all the killing she’d done. He squeezed even harder, choking the life out of her. As her eyes bulged, Sam noticed that she didn’t look away from whatever it was that was behind him.
I froze, as soon as the ‘D’ word left her mouth.
” he called after me as I pushed away and limped in the direction I’d come.
We high tailed it back to Diablo and found Eddie waiting for us next to a woman sitting slumped against a boulder. Blood covered both of them. He turned wide eyes on us as we approached.
As soon as her chanting ceased, the candles around the bed dimmed and the intense smell of herbs faded. The vines holding Castiel shriveled away. Hissing and clutching his charred arm, he broke from them. I heard Dean’s boots thud heavily onto the floor down the hall.
Motion out of the corner of my eye catches my attention. I turn and see Eileen standing with a bag slung over her shoulder, Miracle there to greet her with a wagging tail. As she stoops to pet him, others in the room notice her arrival.
Sam wheezed, “It’s not working.”
Jack’s soft voice rose up like he was all around us, “I know. I’m sorry.”
Unsure of how to respond, I waited for him to get his emotional bearings.
The younger of the two turned back, eyes wide and curious.
Cas and I filled Jodie in on everything that had happened in Ashland. She listened intently, careful not to overlook any detail as she brown-bagged some sandwiches. When all was said and done, she asked, “So, Old French, Gaelic, and a dash of druidic magic, huh?”
Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders and Dean, sobered up from seeing Cas with the shifter and the drive home, hesitantly places his hands on Cas’ hips until they’re a mirror of what they were an hour and a half earlier. Cas, emboldened by Dean’s response, brushes his lips against the other man’s as he whispers between them.
Cas knees him in the nuts.
“Can you stay still? Do I need to hold you down?”
“Dean, what are you doing?” Cas has to actively make his heartbeat stay calm as Dean begins to climb into the chair with him.
Cas sucks in a breath as he’s exposed to the cool air of the bunker. His cock sits heavily between his thighs as him and Dean keep eye contact. Dean slowly moves forward again until he can grab Cas in his warm hand, Cas letting out a moan at the amazing feeling of being touched in such an intimate place.
When Cas is finished, Dean stands up and reaches his hand out towards the angel. He grabs it, and when Dean pulls him out of the chair, he reaches down between them to return the favor, surprise coloring his face when he realizes Dean’s already soft and his hand slides through a puddle of come on the man’s stomach. Looking back up at Dean, Cas begins to speak, but Dean interrupts him.
“Dean? What do you think about not using condoms?”
is the guy who takes,” Dean says, color still tinting his cheeks in the low light coming from the road.
not understanding what either of those have to do with tops and bottoms.
“You aren’t the only one with a surprise,” he says, reaching up and grabbing the shifter by the neck, slamming him into the wall he previously had Cas up against. Cas lets his eyes flash with his grace.
Dean tackles his lips in a desperate kiss, forcing them to part and licking across his teeth. Cas sucks in a breath through his nose at the spike of arousal he feels at just a kiss. Their
Cas, reassured by the response he’s getting from Dean, begins licking in earnest before thrusting his tongue in and out of Dean’s hole, letting spit dribble down his lips to slick the way. Dean begins to push back as Cas gets deeper, looking for something that Dean knows will be impossible to reach with his tongue until-
, and thinks this is the last he’ll ever see of it. He’ll die here, strapped clothless to a metal table, carved up like an offering to a god. He’ll die here, knowing he won’t ever get the chance to talk to Dean again. Or Sam. Or any of the many other friends he’s made during his time on earth. He’ll die here, alone and afraid. He’ll die, not as a great warrior of heaven, but as a
He looks down between the two of them before looking back at Dean, whispering in the same tone Dean had before. “Yes,” he says, reaching up to cup Dean’s face with one hand, searching for some of the grace he still has flowing through his veins and draining the cloudiness Dean certainly feels from the beer.
“Chill ,dude. I get it. Not a date.” The man said as he continued scanning the items.
As they begin to get into the music, bodies moving together so close and intimate, Castiel thinks about how this is the freest he’s ever felt. With virtually no distance between the two, Cas copies the position other couples around him are in. He slowly lifts his arms, giving Dean the chance to pull away if he wants. When he doesn't, squeezing Castiel’s hips in encouragement, Cas loops his arms around the other man’s neck. He lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding, getting back into the music. They dance together in a way Castiel had never seen before; close together and intimately but not in a slow dance. If he had to put a word to it, he’d say it feels
good at making you come. I’ll admit, his ass looks delicious, but I think I can make it better for you. Tops don’t know what they’re missing until they get a nice, big cock thrust into them,” he says with a sly smile, his eyes flickering behind Cas before focusing once more on him.
That was a mistake.
“What are we watching?” Cas asks as they fall into their respective chairs in the Dean Cave.
With a victorious grin on her face as she continues to speak, the witch presses down on the side of his neck. She moves the blade slowly, cutting a clean gash from left to right, blood trickling out at a faster rate the more she slices. Reaching the climax of her incantation, the witch yells out the final word as Castiel watches his grace leave his body,
Throwing the shirt to the side, uncaring of where it might have landed, Dean looks down at the being he loves. Unable to resist, Dean moves forward, leaning down to lick across his left nipple. The moan that flowed out of the other’s mouth was purely pornographic and he couldn’t resist repeating the action. Cas brought a hand to the back of Dean’s head in silent encouragement, loving the feeling of being touched by someone so close to him.
“Well, this is a lot of snack food for just one guy. Sorry, dude. Didn’t mean to pry.”
After looking at himself in the mirror for about five minutes, Cas starts to head out the bathroom door. Right as he opens it, Gold Eyes stands in front of him, staring at him hungrily.
“The Harry Potter series,” Dean replies, turning on the TV.
? What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean says as he stared back down at the box of Trojans he’s holding along with a small bottle of Astroglide.
The two stare at each other and Cas loses track of time. Eventually, a waitress in a short little uniform breezes past them, asking if they need their drafts refilled and snapping the men out of whatever spell was cast upon them. Dean coughs before turning away, focusing back on his task of crowd searching.
Cas sinks to his knees and slides his hands down Dean’s jeans, looking up at him as he uses his grace to remove them, and smiles at the incredible man before him.
Then silence.
And no one got to violate it like that.
“Why do you say that?” Cas responds with a slight frown, worry coloring his voice.
Cas looks at him sheepishly, standing up with a stretch and reaching a hand out to Dean. The man grabs it, tugging Cas into another slow kiss before pulling away. Cas uses his grace one last time to clean them up before he pulls Dean by the hand into the bunker, heading down the hallway towards Dean’s room where they fall into bed with stifled laughter, snuggling under the sheets before falling asleep.
“The top fucks the bottom's ass, okay?”
him to come back. Taught him how to make a bed, cook food that tasted better than anything he had ever eaten. Castiel had always felt it, but being human opened his eyes to what
Passing the bag Cas brought back from his earlier trip to the store, Dean stops and grabs the lube and condoms, looking back at the angel with a mischievous smile.
Castiel won’t give her the satisfaction.
“I love you.”
Dean moans right along with him as if feeling Cas’ pleasure as his own. Keeping his eyes on Cas’, he slowly begins to move his hand up and down the length of him, letting out a breath as he twists his hand and swipes his thumb across the tip every other stroke.
“You don’t look ‘fine’,” he says, searching Cas’ eyes for any truth to his earlier statement.
, raises his eyebrows in surprise.
,” the man says this with obvious quotations around the words, mocking Dean before continuing,”-until he gets you in bed and you leave him out to dry, only taking care of yourself. Or are
Castiel raises his head in surprise, turning to look at Dean as understanding colors his expression.
Cas is walking towards the door, presumably to put the extra beer in the fridge since that’s what’s in his hand, when Dean calls out.
. Not
He knows enough about sex from all the information he holds now to know what to do. Removing his clothes with a thought, Cas lets go of Dean’s wrists. Kissing him back against the wall, he moves his hands to the hunter’s waist, lifting his shirt, and instead of breaking the kiss to take it off, he rips it right down the middle. Dean moans as he feels the tattered remains of his shirt fall away from his skin, licking further into Cas’ mouth and sliding his hands down to squeeze the angel’s,
Producing a bottle of lube, Cas pulls his fingers out. Slowly, he uncaps the lid so that Dean can hear and begins slicking them up. Thrusting two of them back into his ass, Cas watches, enamored, as Dean fights his grace to push back onto them. Moaning into the wall in front of him, Dean was using as much force as he could, but you wouldn’t know it because he only managed to move about a millimeter before the grace was forcing him back into place. As Castiel enters a third finger into his hole, Dean cries out, feeling filled to the brim.
“Hmm? What?”
Looking back, he should’ve been much more cautious with his plan. When he had gotten a prayer from that witch with evil, twisted thoughts, and a lust for power, the angel should have thought about why it was asking for money rather than something more supernatural, more meaningful. He should have
Castiel stared at the items in front of him, trying to find the right kind of candy Dean had asked for. Looking at his list, he found the red Twizzlers and placed it in the basket, heading to the next isle in search of the beer.
Their lips crash together in a completely unexpected way. When Cas had imagined them together, he thought of harsh kisses from the hardened hunter who never let people in. Who was too afraid to let someone hold him together. Their kiss was slow and languid, fueled by the love and passion flowing between the two.
Dean echoed his moan as Cas moved his hands from his ass towards his back and up to his shoulders, encouraging the hunter to move further down his body. As Dean moved to kneel on the floor in front of the angel, Cas brought his hands to his own waist and began to lift his t-shirt. Dean reached out to stop him, taking his hands in his own and moving them to the side. He began to raise Cas’ shirt and stood up to do so, licking his lips at every inch of skin exposed.
One kiss became two. Then three. Then Dean was peppering Cas’ lips over and over with short pecks and long presses as the angel sat back and let him do as he pleased. Dean moved away from his lips and to the side, kissing across his cheek and making his way down his neck.
“Dean, wait,” Castiel calls, suddenly extremely anxious at the question he wants to ask. He almost just lets Dean go, almost makes an excuse or tell him thank you or ask what happened. But he has to know.
“Fuck, Dean. Oh my God, don’t stop.” A breath. “Please, please,
Grabbing the last bag, (why are there
that dared to deceive a powerful being such as himself. However, no sound comes out, leaving him mute and unable to respond to the cruel voice that proceeds to laugh at him. He feels the cool, sharp tip of something he recognizes as his angel blade being pressed into his skin, starting at the middle of his chest before moving up his neck towards his chin, forcing him to tilt his head up to avoid being cut deep enough to cause too much damage in his current state. Blood pours out of the slash, pooling on the cold table under him as the witch moves the blade higher up his face, no longer carving into his skin, slicing through the blindfold and exposing him to the harsh light he’s under.
Cas’ mouth snaps shut from the question he was about to ask, silently thinking about this new information he learned.
“Your grace,” he says with a blush, staring at Cas with a sly smile.
“Jesus Cas. Okay. People refer to them when talking about sex. Specifically between men. A
Dean, caught by surprise, sucks in a sharp breath. His eyes flutter closed as if he’s concentrating on keeping his thoughts clear. Speaking, just as quietly as Cas, replies-
Cas, caught up in the feeling of Dean’s warm hand in his, gets pulled along in a daze before Dean stops them right in the middle of the crowd. People are pushed up against him and there are a few women, and men, who’s eyes fall on him and are, as Dean would put it, “checking him out”. It’s making him uncomfortable and for a few seconds, he begins to panic being among so many humans and not knowing how to behave. Before he works himself up enough to attempt escaping, Cas feels Dean squeeze him and looks back at his friend. Leaning down towards his ear, Dean speaks to him at a volume that would normally be yelling, but because of the loud bass he can feel thrumming through his body, seems more like a whisper. Dean’s voice is low and deep as he speaks to Cas, sending a shiver down his spine as the hunter’s lips brush against his ear from being jostled by the other people surrounding them.
“No, thank you,” Cas replies and can feel Dean tensing under his arms while Cas is twisted to face Gold Eyes.
is the person who gives and the
“Wow. Hot date?” The clerk commented and Cas raised his head quickly in surprise.
Cas takes the silent request eagerly, moving Dean up and down his length shallowly as Dean gets used to the feeling. Sending a tiny bit of grace out, Cas opens up Dean’s throat and temporarily rids him of his gag reflex. Dean feels it like a bolt of lightening
They sit in silence for the rest of the drive until Dean pulls Baby into the Bunker’s garage, both getting out at the same time. As Dean turns to the door, Cas calls out to him. Dean turns around with a questioning look as Cas walks closer to the hunter. He walks until they’re a foot away. And then he steps even closer until they’re sharing the same breath, just like on the dance floor.
Suddenly, Gold Eyes rushes up to him, pushing him against the wall next to the door. Cas, caught by surprise yet again, lets him until the man is less than an inch away from him. Opening his eyes, Cas notices again how strange the man’s eyes are as he looks at them up close. Then he realizes what he’s looking at.
situation that he never wanted to have to face again. When he opens them, Dean is right there, lifting his hands up to cup Castiel’s cheeks. His palms are warm and calloused, yet still soft and gentle as he raises Castiel’s head so their eyes meet.
like this before, being as physically close to the man he loves, knowing his love is returned. It’s almost too much. He still can’t believe this is real. It’s amazing, like he can do anything with this beautiful soul at his side, and as he gets closer to the edge, he can hear Dean over the rushing of his blood.
“Shuddup, Cas. Lemme check on you.”
“No. No, I can do it. I can do it. Keep going. Keep-
Dean leans into his touch for a second before he feels the effects from Cas’ grace and straightens up. Cas leans back, knowing the other is about to get off of him and trying to prevent any awkwardness that might come out of the situation.
“This isn’t necessary, Dean, I think I know when I-“
Then Dean whispers something that Cas would never think the hunter would confess to
“Meet me at the car in 10,” he continues, pushing out back into the crowd with an air of anger. Cas knows it’s not directed at him, but he still feels a sharp pain in his heart as he watches the man he loves walks away.
. Cas hasn’t felt
“That was a hell of a kiss, Cas,” Dean continues, “and I wouldn’t mind being fucked the way you just used my mouth.”
“We should finish in the shower this time,” he says, looking down pointedly and the wet spot on his own belly then back up at Cas.
“Oh? And this friend, is she cute?”
“You’re the shifter,” he says, and Gold Eyes,
Dean sucks in a breath behind him, and Cas knows he’s about to explode.
, let alone him. The
Cas looks up at Dean from where he sits, both of them flushed from the liquor and, from what little knowledge Cas has on the subject, lust.
Dean layed on the couch in the Dean Cave, dozing in and out of consciousness as he waited for Cas to return.
,” Cas closes his eyes as Dean increases his speed, feeling like he’s on fire in the best way.
Cas searches Dean’s eyes and sees nothing but sincerity and love. Now he realizes. This thing between them isn’t one-way. Dean feels it too. And he’s making sure Cas, a being who’s had sex before and is billions of years old, is okay. His heart couldn’t sing louder.
That’s when he got the prayer:
“I’m making sure you’re okay,” Dean responds, essentially situating himself in Cas’ lap until he deems himself in a good position to make sure he’s okay.
~~~~~
Cas doesn’t look back.
“That the shifter?”
“Yes, I’m fine,” he replies.
“Yes, ma’am,” He responds, with a wink and a smile directed at the young woman who couldn’t be older than 30. She flutters her eyelashes before taking their drinks away with a flourish. Castiel feels the oncomings of a sensation he’s learned to identify as dread. It’s not a new feeling by any means, but it still takes him by surprise every time it twists through him, often accompanied by another feeling he recognizes as jealousy.
“Okay,” Cas relents as Dean, again, grabs his head to get a closer look.
Waking up is harder this time than it was before. Castiel fades in and out, unable to stay conscious for more than a few seconds at a time. He suddenly feels a hand on his cheek, warm and calloused. Words are being murmured in his ear as he becomes aware that he’s being held, the steady rise and fall of his body letting him know that whoever it is isn’t straining themselves. Turning his head into the firm chest, Castiel lets himself drift back into a dreamless sleep.
, let me know. Come find me. I don’t care if it’s three in the morning, okay?” he looks so sincere and tired, eyes seeming to look right past whatever wall Castiel has put up to block his thoughts at the moment, that the blue-eyed man can’t help but nod. Dean nods once back at him before starting to walk out of the restroom.
Theoretically, he thinks it could be possible; for a human to gain the grace of an angel. He’s never heard of it happening though. Humans don’t possess enough knowledge to know how to get an angel’s grace, let alone be successful in the energy transfer. And he’s never even heard of it being possible for a supernatural being to be able to do it. They aren’t human, their souls corrupted by evil or a predatory hunger absent in most humans. This witch wouldn’t survive. The divinity coloring his grace would burn her out the second it touched her soul.
The days he was alone at the bunker were the hardest. All the memories of the three of them laughing and playing card games, doing research, having movie marathons where him and Dean shared the couch while Sam sat in the recliner. He just sat in the library, calling person after person, hoping someone had an idea of where they had gone. He didn’t lose hope.
sorry Cas.”
The Winchester brothers were in danger and he didn’t want to waste time looking for alternate ways into the run-down warehouse. It was warded against everything but God himself so the likelihood of him finding an entrance that wasn’t protected by some spell or another was almost zero.
“So the shifter thought we had sex?”
Closing his eyes, Castiel leans in for a kiss. This one isn’t like the others they’ve shared tonight. It’s soft and sweet and gentle. Full of all the love they have flowing between them. Removing his hand from their cocks, Cas moves his arms around Dean, down his back and under his ass. Lifting him up in his arms, still kissing slowly, he backs Dean into the wall. As Dean’s arms and legs come up to wrap around his body, Castiel grabs his dick and positions it snuggly against Dean’s wet hole. He moves it back and forth a few times, groaning out his own moans against Dean’s lips, before slowly sinking into the hot, wet heat inside Dean’s body. Cas can feel every inch, Dean’s body giving way, second by second until he’s firmly situated completely inside his lover. Giving Dean a minute to adjust, Cas pulls away from the hunter’s lips, letting them both have a few seconds to breathe. When Dean starts rocking against him and grinding down on his cock, he begins to move.
Not like this.
She relayed the address.
Castiel collapses in Dean’s arms, almost falling to the floor before Dean holds him tight, making sure he stays on his feet. For the first time, he feels like crying. For everything he’s lost, everything he’s been through. It’s not
A drop from his drink slides slowly from Dean’s lips as Cas watches, going down his chin before Dean licks it up. Cas swallows and looks away, blushing in the low light of the room coming off the TV.
They sit there for a few more minutes before the tears stop and Dean slowly gets to his feet. Looking up, Castiel sees Dean holding a hand out for him and he grabs it, standing up before Dean lets go of his hand and points toward the stall. Walking in and relieving himself, Castiel keeps his mind blank, not thinking of anything particular before walking out and washing his hands. Turning back to Dean, he sees his hand stretched out again and grabs it, being tugged back to his room by the man who’s almost always been there for him. Dean pushes him back into the bed and under the covers and, seeing the desperation in Castiel’s eyes at obviously not wanting to be alone, crawls under the comforter with him. Castiel curls up next to him and Dean wraps both arms gently around his bruised and gauze wrapped body. Together, they fall asleep to each other’s breathing, eyes red-rimmed and exhausted.
it was a trap. Nothing that power-hungry wanted money unless they were an amateur or had no idea what they were doing. This being
“Oh, no, Castiel. Is that what you think I want? Information?” she speaks with a knowing and dangerous tone, egging him into the response she wants.
“Why are we here again?” He asks the hunter, who’s currently tapping his fingers against the wood countertop as they wait for whatever drinks the man had ordered.
Castiel knew it was a bad idea when he walked through the door, but it had been too late to turn back.
Castiel turns away.
, that they’ve been missing. The voicemails he left trying to contact them, thinking they had no service and forgot to leave a note for him. It was rare, but every once in a while they had to leave in a rush. He waited a few days, calling them every couple of hours and eventually contacting other hunters, asking if anyone had heard from them. No one did.
The next few minutes are spent like that, sharing each other’s breath and gazing into the other’s eyes. It was what Castiel had hoped to have but never expected he’d get. A few minutes with the man he loved felt like forever and a second all at once. It was
Slowly rising off with a pop, Cas raises his eyes to Dean’s. They’re barely open. He’s breathing heavily with restraint and from not being able to thrust into the angel’s mouth. When he notices Cas has moved away, they open back up completely, with awe and wonder about what’ll happen next.
Dean seems as if he’s about to say something deadly, from the murderous look in his eyes, but Cas just wants to go. He grabs Dean by the arm and begins pulling him towards the bathroom. The two of them walk in, Dean still with pent up rage and Cas with exasperation at getting caught in the middle of something that seems so ridiculous. He didn’t understand Gold Eyes and Dean’s conversation in the first place and he certainly doesn’t understand why Dean is so upset over it.
He wakes with a shout, drenched in sweat as he sits up quickly. Taking deep breaths to calm down from whatever nightmares had plagued his mind, Castiel looks around the room he’s in. It’s his room. The one he had gotten when he had been human a few years ago. After he became an angel again, even though there was no need for it, the small bedroom was a place he could escape to when he needed to clear his head- whether that be after a hunt, an argument with Dean, or anything else that might pop up.
The woman he sees is beautiful, no older than 30, with long locks of chocolate brown and pale skin. Her eyes, however, have a glint of red around the irises, making it obvious her soul has been corrupted in some supernatural way. In this case, it’s black magic. She peers at him with an evil glint, looking proud at having an angel at her mercy. Castiel feels a pressure he had been subconsciously aware of leave his throat and immediately opens his mouth.
Swinging down from her saddle, she walked in front of her horse next to Sam. He noticed that her feet were bare. Looking up at the house she whispered, “I can never go home.”
“Huh? Oh, sure is. Rented out one of the rooms for a whole month.”
“Is that why you came to get me? ‘Cause you needed someone to chaperone you?”
Grinning, Sam obliged, offering a hand to his brother. Dean took it, dusting off his pants with mock irritation.
And they were broken.
She shook her head, silently telling him she knew exactly how freaked out he was feeling.
“Sorry Sammy, I uh…I guess I just need to get some sleep.”
I was back to being grown up me again as I called, “Cas…? What the hell are you doing here?”
“Sam?” I called, shining my flashlight in an effort of tracking what direction the injured person went. They led me to a pile of clothes that looked very familiar. It was Sam’s suit and his gun.
It felt like Dean’s stomach collapsed into itself and dropped out of his body. He didn’t want to think it was true.  Omegas went into heat about once every three months, regardless of whether or not they were mated. Pheromones were released that affected Alphas and Betas (more so Alphas) and an Omegas body would grow weak and sensitive.
“So, uh…what, you here to give me a pep talk? Tell me I’m doing such a great fuckin’ job?”
Helena snapped the images into place over the backlight. The difference in the two was staggering. In the earlier, her shoulder bones were where they should be. In the more recent one, they had shifted nearly three inches down her sides. Getting closer I asked faintly, “Are they broken?”
"What-...case?" he asked.
“Never realized there was more than one type of green.” I commented, mostly to myself, but Sam smiled as he looked out the window.
She ran her hand through her already frazzled curls and turned to the fridge. She started pulling out vegetables and asked over her shoulder, “Either of you want something to eat?”
The rustling grew louder alongside the sound of my heart pumping blood in my ears. Sam glanced at me, shifting from foot to foot in agitation as we waited. Unexpectedly, what jumped out from the bushes wasn't a monster or anything. A deep ginger puff ball streaked out. A fox.
“Can’t you see you’re barking up the wrong tree Clarabelle?” a young man leaning against the wall close by asked with a sudden over exaggerated gasp. “This man’s escorting an Omega. That’s more fulfilling than spending any amount of time with the likes of us.”
Sam asked concerned, “What the hell, Dean?”
Dean could only feel and hear the beating of his heart in his ears as he warily waited for Castiel to do something. His whole body was frozen with embarrassment. But Castiel didn’t notice. He seemed lost in his own world as he carefully trailed his fingers down Dean’s chest, leaving goosebumps in their wake. And then he was pushing against Dean’s jeans trying to get them off. Here Dean had the opportunity to back out, not that Cas was thinking of that. But it went through Dean’s mind.
A single tear slipped down his cheek, cutting off the dream he'd been living in. Suddenly he couldn't stand the box touching him any longer. He held it out at arm’s length, like it too was on fire, and dropped it. It clattered across the cobblestone, landing somewhere in the shadows.
Grateful that it was quiet out, Dean hollered loudly, “Problem Deputies?”
Cas’ face darkened.
“Can’t blame him. I’m all for keeping our planet clean, but she’s a bit extreme. Got on her soapbox and wouldn’t leave. Kept talking about how, and I quote:
“Older lady, looked like she works outside, had a southern accent.”
I must have passed out for a brief minute. When I came to, Cas had come back in, sat on the floor, and pulled me into his lap. My first thought was something that my Dad had said once when we were out on a hunt (one of the first he’d brought me on) in the wilderness. It was bone achingly cold at night in the North Dakota wilderness. I’d tried asking him if I could hold onto him, partly because I was freezing, but mostly because I was scared. I’ll never forget how brusque he was as he scolded me for being weak. Only babies, sissy boys, and women
I noted the shallow wound through his torn shirt sleeve.
“Any of you smell anything strange?”
The tires snagged a rogue pothole Sam was too distracted to see coming, causing the occupants inside to jostle. Dean groaned, shutting his eyes as he clutched his stomach.
“Close,” Sam answered, moving to the duffel bag on one of the nearby tables. “Two towns away in a place called Redbluff. Should be back in a couple days.”
“What happened Dean?”
After a few moments of much needed laughter, we got serious. I watched as the pair of them sprinted into the bunker before turning to the others sitting exhausted around the garage. Raising my voice and pushing through the pain of having to use it I called, “Listen up, I’m going in alone! Anyone else gets pushed out tell them not to go back in.”
Also I decided to add in Sam's POV cause I thought that would be fun when he was a cute dog! :3
After some muttered swears and gritting of teeth, I got hold of a bottle of Helena’s whiskey. Gritting my teeth, I sat down with it and downed a shot in one go. Pouring another I sighed and started getting lost in thought. Particularly about everything that had been happening recently. Sam was stuck as a dog and couldn’t annoy me with brother shit. I was still having residual nightmares from what happened in Diablo. And Castiel was…different than he used to be.
to do it. Taking a shuddering breath, I shut my eyes for a brief moment. Deep inside, next to the gaping tear that forty years in hell had left, I felt a forgotten wound pulse weakly. It fought to burst through the carefully constructed walls that years of abuse had built. I was afraid of that feeling. Just as much as I was afraid of the horrors I’d seen in the pit.
Looking between us contentedly, he raised up his hand, waved it a little and said, “Goodbye.”
Placing a hand on her trembling shoulder, Sam muttered, “It’s okay if you don’t – “
They stood awkwardly in silence, both struggling with their own personal demons. Eventually Sam made up his mind, patted his brother on the shoulder and strode up the steps to the boarding house.
“Now just hold on!” Ivan growled, getting to his feet. “You’re not going anywhere without me.”
Castiel didn’t answer. Instead, he went over to where they’d hitched their horses and started untying.
The angel felt the hunter tense before the orgasm overtook him. The sight was incredible. Dean’s ribs flared as he took in a breath. At the same time his stomach muscles contracted and his hips jerked into Castiel’s hand.
For the first time in a long time, the angel looked tired. Bone-weary tired. He reached up and rubbed at his eyes as he mumbled, “I believe he holds guilt in regards to my loyalty. But there is something else that I don’t understand and…I do not know how to explain.”
I hunched involuntarily away from his touch. Either not noticing, or not caring, he leant closer. His soulful eyes silently told me that I wasn’t alone. I closed my fingers around his, leaning gratefully into his touch.
After another long sigh he chose to keep his eyes fixed on the road ahead and his mouth shut. It wasn’t like I was entirely glad that he did. My chest felt like it was collapsing in on itself. And I wanted nothing more than to make it stop. How do I talk about this though? Where would I even start? Pushing back into the leather seats, I turned my gaze out the window again and waited for the sensation to pass.
"Damnit, I'm fine!" I roared, surprising the both of us.
Sam turned instantly, his eyes saying ‘no’ before his mouth could. I stopped in my tracks, blocked by his Sasquatch-ness. I held up my hand and continued fiercely, “I get that you’re worried about me, but we need to get answers before this happens again.”
If he did, I couldn’t tell.
Sam glanced at Dean before muttering, “Yeah, yeah…you?”
“Mm…”
Sam stood watching, face blank. Dean glanced at him warily, wondering if it had been his imagination - the power that had come off of his brother. Eventually the older of the two muttered something and went off to retrieve their horses.
“It’s okay, Sammy.” He said, shooting me a glance. “We’ll find her.”
Shifting in my seat to address him more directly I said, “Okay, so I’m feeling a little under the weather. Sue me. It’s been a long couple of days.”
“That’s one hell of a name.”
Helena assessed whether or not Sam seriously needed to be taken to a vet, listening intently to the debrief of the whole situation at the Fraiser house. I noticed her face getting paler and paler with each description of violence and magic.
“That’s okay, this is uh, this is one of those times where it’s better to let Dean sleep in the bed he made.” Sam said, sharing a look with Castiel.
I don’t think I’ve ever told him I thought that. I probably should.
Smiles and tears spread throughout the room as we all realized what we are to each other.
She seemed relieved he had finally spoken. Flashing us a small smile she said, “I’ll be back in a bit to check on you.”
Hauling me to my feet he helped prop me against a nearby tree trunk. Re-adjusting the grip on my gun I glanced around for any danger. Both of us were taking up defensive positions wondering what this monster could be. Rustling from some nearby blackberry bushes caught our attention.
It looked like Ivan wanted to argue, but Helena’s hand on his shoulder stopped him. Instead, he motioned to Castiel for the computer. The angel obliged. Minutes ticked by, filled with the sound of keys clacking and mouse pads clicking. Occasionally the officer would glance up at the eyes staring at him. Finally, the man’s eyes lit up and his posture straightened. All of us moved in closer, question hanging in the air like a banner.
I shut my lips tightly as an uncomfortable knot wound deep in the numbed spaces of my gut. Nerves? No. I was a Winchester. I didn’t get nerves. Trying to shrug off the sting of hearing my name said so kindly, I adjusted my position on the warped plastic seat at the measly motel dining room table. The loud and sharp creak that accompanied my movements punctuated the awkward tension left in the air like a hot knife through room temperature butter.
“Sam?”
Dean rolled his eyes as he tied off the reigns. Adjusting his gun belt on his hips he took in a large breath and asked, “Right, start off civilized or go in for the unsavory first?”
The younger Winchester thought about stopping him. Dean was an Omega after all. If anyone figured that out like that prostitute had, they’d haul him off. His instincts were telling him to follow his brother. But his head was urging him to get to business; the faster he found John Winchester, the faster he could get back to Stanford and Jessica.
The sweet aroma of pheromones coming from the Omega’s neck washed over Castiel as he writhed desperately under the Alpha’s hands. Cas growled through gritted teeth, both telling the Omega to be still and that he was aroused. The Omega whined in response, opening himself, allowing Castiel to pound into him even deeper.
“Joel, the person we are dealing with is dangerous. We don’t have a lot of time to argue if they got to Maggie.”
Gertie started chanting again. Gasping in pain Castiel called through gritted teeth, “Gertie, stop!”
“What for?”
We waited for Sam for about fifteen minutes as he spoke in hushed tones with Marina. Or at least tried to. She seemed close to catatonic from where I stood.
It was my first solo case without Dad. The one he let me go on just before he went missing and I went to go get Sam from Stanford. I got wind of a witch doctor that was using hoodoo on tourists. Long story short, he’d get their money and then kill them using some pretty nasty magic. Halfway through the case, I ended up running into Maxine. The witch doctor had killed her aunt and she was looking for revenge. She of course wouldn’t sit on the bench like I politely asked her to, and ended up tagging along.
It's a little short, but I got inspired. Hope you all are staying safe out there, see you in the next update! <3
Dean dug around in his pocket, struggling the small packet free. Sam snatched it up with more anger than intended and immediately strode to a nearby table. As he plucked the glass door open and lit the oil lamp's wick, the older Winchester  realized what his brother was planning to do. Once again, a memory of their childhood home engulfed in flames flashed across his mind.
“What? You got shit between your ears?” Dean asked incredulously. “He
Trying to keep quiet, I gently strode over to the tent and leant in so my ear was close to the opening. Inside I could barely hear Sam softly snoring. I smiled and straightened. I didn’t want to bother him. I’d sleep in the back of the Impala tonight.
Castiel didn’t look happy. His expression never really changed much but Sam could tell he was worried by how he looked away and his hands clenched into loose fists at his side. Sam wondered if Dean noticed these things about their friend too.
I followed Sam out silently. After shutting the door, I started toward the car and said determinedly, “If we’re going to get anywhere with this we need to divide and conquer.”
Sam hadn’t heard her come in. His fingers froze around the pistol he’d almost pulled out. Jessica didn’t know about his past life. Not everything. And he wanted to keep it that way.
? I thought, my face heating up as I stripped down. I threw paranoid glances at him, but he remained facing the other way.
“Are you alright, Sam?” he asked, carefully detangling himself from Dean.
“That was an old friend,” I explained, knocking back the last of my drink. “Wants some help with some new kind of monster.”
He looked directly at Castiel, communicating silently that he was serious and that Dean should back off. Noticing, the fallen angel stepped forward, placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder, silently telling him to stand down. Stepping between them Cas started, “It’s complicated. Please, put down your gun and we’ll talk.”
“Take me home.” A petite, dark haired woman commanded darkly as she spurred her horse forward. The click of her gun sent a chill down both brothers’ spines.
He looked like he wanted to argue. Or talk about my feelings more. But knowing I was done with our conversation, he settled with running his fingers through his long hair in frustration. We ate in relative silence after that, doing a little more reading in an effort to find a way to find or defeat our monster easily. But no dice.
On paper Ashland sounded like a small, quiet town. In person it felt full and alive. Turning off the road I noted a pair of college aged students wearing ‘ye olde time’ jester outfits handing out flyers on the corner. It made a small part of me wonder what was currently playing at one of many theaters around.
“Really? Are they still at the Firewatch tower?”
“This’ll get us there in no time,” he beamed.
I grumbled silently, brushing past Sam and Maggie through the door.
“Helena.” Sam supplied.
“Wow,
"That's who was screaming." Sam said with a disbelieving laugh, dropping his gun to his side.
“Oh my God, I am so happy to see you!” she burst, her hands shooting up to tangle in her mess of brown curls. “You have no idea how freaked out I’ve been!”
I saw the look of disapproval on his face, but he didn’t comment. I stepped forward, grabbing Jack’s shoulder, and shook my head. My voice was completely shot. All that came out was a faint, sandpapery squeak. Damnit. Once again, I couldn’t speak when it was important. It seemed like Jack understood though.
Sam’s head whipped around to give Dean a horrified look. Dean couldn’t meet his gaze. Instead he called dangerously through gritted teeth, “Just try it, assholes.”
I jumped at Sam’s sudden appearance. He stood holding an armful of chips and drinks, the innocent question wrinkling his forehead. Just like that, Jess was gone. Once again, safely tucked wherever he kept the memory of her.
Propping my chin on my fist and staring out the window at the half barren branches of the deciduous trees around us, I told myself to stay calm. I felt like a raw nerve exposed to the elements and a numb ghost of what I once was at the same time. A strange contradiction that left me angry and exhausted, craving nothing more than solitude.
He was right. Walking was still a bit difficult. So, while Dean finished cooking and Cas quickly skimmed through footage, I trotted around the first floor. Even Helena joined in after calling the office to take a sick day, giving me pointers and tasks to complete. When I felt all four of my legs were finally getting in sync, I heard Dean start dishing out the food.
“That all you got?” he spat, trying to will his legs into cooperating.
Sam started and withdrew something from behind his back. It looked like a smaller version of a French horn. At the sight of that, the Empty released me. I dropped to all fours, coughing and gasping.
Alpha power flared deep in his chest as Cas was reminded of his duty. His hips started up again, skin slapping against skin. The Omega gasped and cried out in pleasure, burying his head in his arms.
“Druid, actually.” Castiel said, his fingers disappointingly pulling away from my head.
.” I mumbled sarcastically, most of my attention focused on unwrapping my wake-up call. “Most of those hippies up there like to romanticize anything they can since there’s nothing but rain and weed to entertain them. Repressed bastards…”
If the man had any thoughts about the two, he didn’t show it, merely pushed the ledger forward and asked them to sign their names. Sam did, writing down one of his old aliases with not too much of a second thought. He dug around in his pockets for his billfold while Dean signed his own name.
Sam hopped down, looking positively elated that he was getting the chance to ride in the car. It really made him seem like a real dog. Maggie, picking up on his excitement, came sprinting out of the living room. The pair danced around the entranceway in front of the door. It was enough to draw a chuckle from me.
I nodded, running my hand over my face one last time before I went back to my dresser to start digging in the drawers once again.
Only when his hand fell on Sam's shoulder did the taller Winchester turn and see his brother standing with the horses in hand. Silently, the blonde offered up the broken man's reins, asking without words if he was going to join him on the road.
“Of course,” Mr Waithe muttered, taking a long pull off the glass of whiskey. “He was working on the set design for a new play. That’s where he met his friends and his…his
Making quick work of the belt, button, and zipper on the blonde’s jeans, Castiel plunged his hand under the fabric of Dean’s underwear and found his slightly pulsing shaft. As soon as his fingers wrapped around the flesh, Dean arched beneath him. Wrestling against the elastic, Castiel started pumping the quickly hardening erection, closely watching Dean’s face as he did.
Glad to have something to distract her, she started making sandwiches. I turned my attention to the computer and started pulling up anything and everything on human-animal transformations that I could find. Everything fell away as I delved deep into the research.
The creature attempted one last gurgling cry before convulsing. I watched on blankly. Breathing hard as he came to my side, Sam gripped my shoulder and hollered over the wind, “Are you okay?
Dean felt his cheeks warm and his stomach clench.
Putting his hands in his jacket pockets, Sam shrugged, “So? He’s missing, what makes you think he wants to be found?”
“Sam!”
Shifting from foot to foot he mumbled, “Yeah, a lot of the rentable places in Diablo are taken at the moment by…tourists. Prime hiking season.”
“Perhaps I should go to the police station.” Castiel offered, breaking his long streak of silence. “I have more knowledge of sigils.”
Castiel turned blue eyes on the older man. Zachariah stilled, noting the look. He chewed thoughtfully for a moment before spitting and saying, “You sure don’t talk too much.”
Sam smiled sadly.
I looked up. There, impaled on branches of the dense canopy, was Castiel. His blue eyes were wide and his mouth open in a silent scream. As I screamed his name, a burst of angry flames spread out from behind him. Suddenly the whole forest was on fire. I screamed and screamed unable to do anything.
“Ranger Plant with the National Park Service.”
“Surrender, or I’ll have to get rough with you.”
At this point he tried asking me about what the Tikbalang had made me see. I clammed up once again and drowned myself angrily in liquor. I guess he called Cas after that, in the hopes that someone else could get through to me when he couldn’t. Sam: always the advocate for talking about feelings.
Dean pursed his lips and groused, “Yeah, whatever.”
As the shorter of the two started toward the door, Sam turned and called, “Hey, Dean?”
The relief that flooded my body notified me to the nausea that had been quietly simmering under the surface. Cas seemed to notice too and acted quickly. The edge of the trash bin settled under my chin just as vomit came bubbling up. I heaved, the sandwich from earlier making an unwelcome comeback. I sat shaking, still struggling with reality as Cas’ warm palm rubbed circles into my sweat-slicked back.
Placing his hand on my shoulder blade he asked, “Would you like me to get rid of your hangover?”
Zachariah hauled himself into his own saddle and sighed, “Something tells me this is going to be a long ride.”
When I arrived, I asked a passerby where I could find Joel Brown. They directed me inside the theater, saying I could find him on stage. It was amazing. An exact replica of the Globe Theater in England. I could imagine myself on the opposite side of the world as I stepped out into the open. Across the way, I saw a small gathering of worried looking people on the stage.
“Cigar smoke?”
“Not that I could find. Maybe the families will be able to help with that.”
The glint of moonlight off the gun in her holster caught Dean’s attention as he cast around for what to do. They figured he’d be too lost in lust to even think to grab it. Well, jokes on them. With his last bit of strength, he channeled it all into his arm. In a flash, his hand went to her hip, unholstered the six-shooter, and brought the muzzle up under her chin. The look of surprise on her face was burned into Dean’s vision as he squeezed the trigger. The bright flash of the bullet being fired nearly blinded him; it was so close to his face. Blood gushed down as the woman slumped over him dead.
“Easy there, cowboy. Didn’t mean to step on any toes.”
The engine roared to life, sending the familiar vibrations through the steering wheel. I grumbled for him to pull up directions to the first victim’s house and headed out of the parking lot. As I cruised down main street, I noted that the place looked a lot livelier than it had about an hour ago. People of all shapes, sizes, and ages walked along the thoroughfare, peering in through windows and pointing out the sights.
Gently pushing Gail’s arm out of the way, she pointed to a spot beneath the armpit. Helena continued, “There’s a slight protrusion on each side. Those would be from her shoulder blades having shifted.”
Thanks again to everyone who has left kudos! Makes me happy knowing you support me! Love to all!
He drew the blade slowly along my skin, watching my reaction before continuing, “
“What is going on? Why would Pa run out in the middle of a hunt?”
” the Tikbalang growled through an unsettling grin, eyes flashing with malice.
“Morning Sleeping Beauty,” I cut in, fidgeting with the keys in my pocket. “We going to hit the road soon, or are you going to sleep the day away?”
Leaning against the trunk of the car with my arms folded and my head down, I waited for the tank to fill up. I didn’t end up chasing after him though. I couldn’t. Didn’t know how. I wasn’t good at that kind of thing. Not like he was. Bobby always said he was the more emotionally mature of the two of us.
“I don’t know if that’s a good –”
“Sammy?!”
I came out of it enough to sneak out and hunt down a liquor store. When I got back, Sam scolded me for leaving without telling him. I just ignored him and gruffly asked for his side of the story from back in the woods.
“No, Sammy, don’t – “
“What do you want?” Castiel asked, breath hot against the kiss mark he’d left. “You said you wanted me…tell me how.”
The old man chewed on the side of his lip as his brow rose in question. For a moment I thought he might not take the question seriously, but then he answered, “No, I didn’t. But Greg said he heard Jacob saying something about smelling tobacco.”
Tilting my chin up, I inspected the trees. It took a moment for my eyes to pick it out, but another hand print was curled around one of the higher branches. With this one some of the bark had been broken off, as if whatever was holding on had been big and twisted around the wood like it had swung from it, taking the outer layer with it. I pointed it out to Sam.
“Right!” Everything clicked. “Maxine! It’s been, what, ten years?”
“I’ll go back to the station and ask Officer Oblonsky for his assistance again.” Castiel offered.
“A local legend,” Rachel continued, careful to keep her voice calm and impartial for the sake of her grieving friend. “She terrorizes the roads outside of town when she’s got a mind to.”
“Hey Sammy.” I answered, taking the time to look around at the neighboring houses.
“Well, no, usually Sam’s the one that –”
Relief flooded Joel’s features. He immediately agreed.
Satisfied, Ivan leant back in his chair and asked, “So what’s the plan?”
I rolled down Baby’s windows and stuck my fist out so all the other hunters in the cars in the garage and on foot could see the signal. Revving Baby’s engine, I looked into the Empty and muttered to myself, “See you soon Cas.”
He continued with threading the bendy metal poles through loops to make up the framework of the nylon tent.
“Yeah,” I answered, glancing suspiciously around. “You Joel? Where is he?”
Instead, he tugged his blanket free and wrapped it around his shoulders. It wasn’t ideal nesting, but it was better than nothing. All he needed was to get Pa and they could all leave this terrible place behind. Dean hauled himself into his saddle. Sam thought he should ask if his brother was okay, but he kept his mouth shut, not wanting to further jeopardize their rocky relationship.
“We should go and have a chat with her tomorrow.”
“She said her husband was out there with her.”
I nodded, "You're going to need to go and get help."
Hope you all are staying safe and healthy out there! I've been busy with finals the last few days self-quarantined in my house, but after tomorrow I can get into some more writing! Going to get more of this story, and my others done!
Years went by. Less and less monsters showed their ugly faces. We had to get crafty to smoke them out of their hidey holes. I stood at my brother’s side when he married Eileen. They had three kids; Dean, Mary, and Jessica. I spoiled them rotten. Sam and Eileen both stopped going out on hunts to raise them. Miracle passed, but not before having a family of his own with a stray he’d bonded with when we hunted a Rougarou in Phoenix. I walked Claire down the aisle when she married Kaia. Charlie wasn’t the marrying kind, but she and Stevie got a house together in California and visited pretty often.
Sam crossed his arms, still struggling with bringing his stress levels down. The shorter of the two seemed to notice and felt the urge to bare his neck to his brother. To show him that he was truly sorry. But the root was starting to do its job and he was able to ignore the feeling. He shook his head slightly and continued, “I missed you, Sammy. I really do want you here. You’re one of us.”
I growled, leaping at her before she could cast a spell. Dean cried out, wondering what I was doing. Gertie tried closing the door on us, but I managed to slip through before it shut.
“It’s not just that.” I cut in, my voice cracking and dying in my throat.
“What is it? Little Timmy trapped in the well?” I grinned, reaching over them to the door knob.
The Tikbalang slashed down Cas’ arm without warning, leaving deep wounds. Before I could make a move forward, it pointed its newly bloodied fingers at me and hissed, “
I looked to Jack who nodded. I looked to Sam and Eileen who nodded. And then I looked at everyone and hollered out, “Buckle up everyone!”
“Pa and his crusade ain’t my responsibility. Shouldn’t be yours either. Especially not now.” Sam continued, getting even more heated. “Hell, if it weren’t for that picture or the stories you told me, I wouldn’t even know what Mama was like. I mean, even if we do hunt down the bastard that killed her, she ain’t comin’ back.”
Jess was dead. No getting around it. And Dean needed him.
“Eileen wondered if there might be something in the Men of Letters Archives that might give us an edge.”
In the light of the early morning, Sam peered down at the map in his lap and pointed, “Here’s where Pa went. Blackwater Ridge, Colorado.”
As we went, he lifted me and asked under his breath, “You okay, Sammy?”
Taking a break from Sam and Dean for a little glimpse at what Castiel is up to.
Cas glanced at me before turning to face the gray waters of the Pacific Ocean. Looking far beyond the horizon the angel continued, “You were dead, but you spoke to him. You blamed him for Jessica and for bringing you on the road. He saw your father and brother and they spoke of his weakness as a man. He saw me -”
“Why you got any interest in this, Marshals? If you don’t mind me asking.”
I believed him, but I still felt slightly responsible. I mean, how did the witch even get the drop on me? I thought I checked my surroundings before helping Maggie.
“Cas –” I choked, tears streaming from my stinging eyes.
Her mouth shut quickly and her chin began to tremble. Sam gave me one of his looks and I felt the guilt stab into my gut like a sucker punch. She was in pain.
“When I told Pa that I was afraid to go to the outhouse by myself, he gave me a .45.”
“Alright,” Ivan said, getting to his feet. “We doin’ this now?”
Stepping up cautiously, Sam removed his hat and asked, “You must be Mr. Squire’s fiancé?”
“Constance was the love of my life,” Joseph confessed sadly after the sting of alcohol faded. “Prettiest woman I ever known…”
His green eyes looked clearer as he lay gazing up at the dark-haired man above him. Scratching the tips of his fingers through the hairs at the base of Castiel’s neck he said breathlessly, “You’re alive.”
“Yeah.”
My legs acted before I could rationalize what was happening. I sprinted for the front door and threw myself against it. It burst open under my weight. A swell of flames erupted around me. I coughed, holding my arm up over the lower half of my face. Another scream came from upstairs. From Sam’s nursery.
“Damnit Sammy,” I mumbled, heart stuttering at the thought of him going alone into possible danger.
Either choosing to ignore my sudden change, or not noticing it at all, Sam continued, “An old contact of Dad’s called last night. Said there was something weird going on in Ashland, Oregon. Could use the backup on this one if you’re interested.”
“C’mon man, just drop it…” I said weakly.
The Winchesters hadn’t mentioned anything about last night at all. Sam steered clear of the campsite for a good two hours before coming back as loudly as he dared with an armful of firewood. He found Dean curled up on his bedroll pretending to be asleep. But he could see the fresh sheen of sweat shimmering in the moonlight on his brow. Clearing his throat quietly, Sam set about getting ready to sleep too.
“Cas?” I asked quietly. I felt like I needed to give him an out.
“Sam,” he answered, still staring into the branches. “How was your run?”
“What’s
“Jerk.” He answered instinctually.
“I get it,” I said, abandoning my laptop to give him my full attention. “We always say we’ll deal with it later and we never do.”
?” I asked. “Like the chick from The Neverending Story?”
Keeping my head down and my hands stuffed deep into my pockets I stalked across the parking lot to Baby sitting in the shade of two large pine trees. I stared down at the dusty orange needles that had died and fallen, lodging themselves under Baby’s wind shield wipers. Normally I would want to clean it up, make her presentable. But as of now normal had disappeared.
? He wondered, glancing at the blonde slumped over in the seat next to him.
“Still got it.” Sam smirked.
“I’ll go,” Cas said softly, picking up his coat as he turned to leave. “You need rest.”
It took them most of the night and the next day to ride out to Jericho where Dean had tracked the person that had been tailing him. A town that sprouted up overnight about a decade ago as hundreds of people flooded the area searching for gold in the hills. It boasted close to one hundred people, a general store, hotel, church, and saloon. Perhaps not for much longer however; gold was running low and people were starting to leave.
A hand on my throat suddenly cut off my voice and air supply. I choked, clawing at the impossibly strong hand and followed the arm up to look into the Empty’s crazed eyes. She dragged me close and hissed, “I. Want. To. Sleep. I tried playing nice, but I am
“Name it, dick-wad.” I growled.
He was back at the cabin, staring down at the shadow of his best friend’s broken wings seared into the ground.
Before I could give him any sort of reaction, Claire asked loudly, “So what’s the plan, Dean? We gonna go kill the thing that took our angel?”
Castiel went to his side and carefully helped him stand. Dean’s eyes remained closed, but he didn’t fight the angel as he was led out of the library. When they were in the hall, Dean’s head rolled on his neck and landed on the other’s shoulder. Looking down, Castiel got a close up of Dean’s freckled face inches from his own.
“As far as I can tell,” she answered, lifting me off the table and placing me on the floor. “Like I said last night though, I’m not a veterinarian.”
~ 0 ~
. The blonde thought, frantically casting around in his mind for any and all ideas on how to do that.
Joel turned back to me with hope in his eyes. He knew that I was aware of all the details of the case so far, so I might be having the same idea as him.
I made a small noise of agreement, but my eyes were already closed. I felt myself melting into a warm puddle of exhaustion and did little to stop it. Hours later I woke up cold. Dimly I noticed that before turning in, Sam had tucked a blanket around me and tossed extra wood onto the fire. It did little to buffer against the cool mountain air. It chilled me right to the bone.
Instantly, Oblonsky wrenched his pistol free and trained it on Dean. In any normal threatening situation, I would rationalize through my options: 1) he hadn’t seen me under the table, 2) there was a blind spot on his left, 3) Helena was too close for him to make any rash decisions. But this wasn’t normal. I was a freaking dog. A low growl started in my chest and vibrated throughout my whole tiny body making me feel like I was revving up. The only thing going through my mind was ‘protect Dean’. Before I could stop myself, I was bounding out from under the table, barking wildly.
“You can’t kill me. I haven’t been unfaithful!”
They spoke in hushed tones at the door, exchanging what looked like room keys while I stumbled around on a clumsy search for my whiskey. It was hopeless though; the room was spinning too much for me to properly pay attention. Suddenly I realized that I was tired. And stupidly decided that the black and white checkered stretch of floor between the door and the refrigerator looked comfy enough. After all, I couldn’t be bothered to make the long trek over to the beds six feet away.
“Nothing, man.” I sighed. “I already told you-”
It chuckled, the sound echoing all around me, “
Leaning in he mumbled under his breath, “You were talking to the air, Dean. That doesn’t really seem like nothing.”
“None of you saw Maggie come back?” I overheard a young man ask.
He gestured at the trashcan on the other side of the bed.
“Dead?”
“I’ll check out the doors,” I said, keeping my eyes scanning. “You go out front and wait for my backup. They’ll be here soon.”
Dean glanced worriedly at Sam knowing that his little brother wouldn’t be able to tell based on scent. The older Winchester was glad that Sam had eyes though. Looking at her crazed expression and the dark spray of blood across the white dress she wore – even from this distance – you could tell something was wrong.
“A maze?” I probed, wondering if that was literal.
“Why don’t I take Jack?” Sam offered. “He did well on the last case. This would be good practice.”
Her skin radiated warmth. What he wouldn’t give to pull her into his bed and hold her until the sun came up. Curling her fingers into the front of his coat she asked, “You sure you’re alright? You’ve been acting strange lately and I just…”
That was true. It was always their father trying to harass him with letters. He had been the only one to respect Sam’s wishes. The younger of the two could see the urgency in Dean’s eyes; the way he clenched onto the reigns in his hands. It was unsettling to see him that way.
“Yeah, I mean, like she was having an acid flashback or something. Back in her freshman year she used to go out with a crew and trip out on shrooms a lot, so I figured she must have done other stuff too. She’s always been really hardcore but stopped all that this year. We uh…we’re both in the same pre-dentistry program…”
Reaching up, he forced Sam to look him in the eye, shook him firmly and said, “We have to go.”
Suspended by her wrists and ankles on the ceiling above, was Jessica’s body dressed in only her underthings. Railroad spikes had been driven through her flesh, most prominent being the one through the center of her forehead and abdomen. Her eyes were half lidded and clouded over in death, staring blankly at Sam as he came to a stop beneath her.
Taking up her candle, she slipped out of his room, her skirts rustling like dried leaves. Sam listened to the sound of her heels clicking softly against the worn wood floorboards as she made her way to her own room. Adjusting himself in his pants, he cleared his throat and turned back to his rucksack.
I asked, snapping at her legs.
“Sammy –”
“It is. Been movin’ down the eastern seaboard the last few months, leavin’ a trail of bodies. There’s pattern, so I’m headin’ to where I think it’s gonna hit next, but I could really use some back up.”
“I said let him go!” Sam yelled, eyes nervously glancing at me on my knees in front of the Empty. “We want to talk!”
“Did you get any sleep?”
“I told you: Enoch. Frederick Enoch.”
“What?”
It was a surprisingly calm and clear night despite the wind that had kicked up earlier. I didn't go very far. I knew better than to wander off alone at night with a Tikbalang on the loose. So, after about a minute of limping, I huffed and sat down in the dirt.
“What the fuck?” came a strange voice from the direction of the living room.
In the next instant my mind went blank with sensory overload. Soft, full lips pressed against my own. Not that I hadn’t ever been kissed before. But this one was so gentle. It was like every lost moment and every tender thought between us was being conveyed. I couldn’t help but inhale sharply in surprise.
The eldest Winchester glanced over to his saddlebag on Baby like he may have something there that could help. Tipping back the brim of his hat, he grinned and said, “Got some shiny badges just like they do.”
Sam’s face fell as I offered up half of a smile like I was silently saying, ‘
Dean’s legs trembled slightly as he gripped the bars of his cell. It wasn’t because he was scared. Far from it. He’d tangled with the law many times over the years. But it was different now after presenting. The scents coming off the Betas in the room was enough to put him on edge. They didn’t like him. His mind ran wild with what they might do.
I growled, nipping at his pant leg to make my point.
Cas closed Helena’s laptop with a quiet click. He then stood and went over to the sleeping mortician and continued, “Sam can’t help us in his current form, and you are just a man. Your brother needs you at your best if you want to help him.”
“Can’t say…”
Noticing his brother’s sudden quiet state of panic, Dean turned in his saddle and raised his brow questioningly. Sam swallowed hard past the thickness in his throat and said, “I have to be back in six days.”
I didn’t even react as Sam came up next to my still form. He glanced over his shoulder, giving Castiel an attempt at a happy wave goodbye. As the sound of Cas’ crappy car started up, I felt like my chest was trying to crush itself with the effort of holding back the tears that so desperately wanted to flow. I stubbornly insisted to myself that there was absolutely no reason to be upset in the first place. Nothing happened. Nothing ever would.
Luckily Sam was able to escape without anyone spotting him. Looping around in the brush on the edge of town, he headed for the saloon. There he could hopefully find someone that could tell him where Joseph Welch lived, which would then hopefully lead to John. He was going to have to think about what to do for Dean.
Sam nodded, holding up a grungy bandana and case of bullets, “Seems he was worried.”
The blonde sauntered over to the bedside table where a half-eaten chicken leg lay. Picking it up, he took an experimental sniff and recoiled.
I shook my head and laughed.
Due to how short our ride was, Sam didn’t get the chance to give me any of his empathetic crap. To keep it that way, I jumped out of the Impala and took the lead in the direction of the small one-story office building. Inside was clean and painted in cool pastels. The woman at the front desk smiled happily and called out from between two vases of flowers, “What can I help you gentlemen with?”
“Dad?!” I called, voice shaking slightly as I was rocketed back to when I held baby Sam in my arms as the house began filling with smoke and flames around us. Dad had been standing over me, pressing the six-month-old into my arms. My heart had been pounding in my chest and for a moment I couldn’t feel my legs to move them.
Handing me a new shirt, he motioned for me to dress myself. I thanked him, grateful that he wasn’t babying me. When I was done, I laid his coat down near my feet and we fell into silence. He didn’t probe me for answers, just watched me picking at my nails as I wondered what I wanted to say. I needed to say
“Sorry?” I answered, noticing Cas giving me a questioning look from the other room. I shrugged in response. “Who is this?”
“I-I don’t know, maybe twenty minutes?”
His expressive eyes that thankfully still looked like his went from me to Castiel over my shoulder and back again before he nodded. I could see he wanted to talk; to get to the bottom of what had happened. But his body was already shaking with the effort of trying to get up. Trying to avoid his wounds, I reached out and ran my palm along his back gently.
Without warning, a scream tore through the air. It sounded close. Before I could think it through, I was already tearing off in the direction it had come from. A few seconds later Sam was calling my name and rushing after me. More screams echoed out, each one getting further and further away. It quickly became apparent that this wasn't normal. Realizing this, I tried stopping, but found my boots were not agreeing with that decision. An errant piece of moss or leaf or something sent my right ankle into a roll. I immediately collapsed with a cry of pain and crashed onto the forest floor.
“Perfect!” Sam cut in, sparing them all from the undoubtedly lengthy list. “Go and pack a bag and meet back here in five.”
When I couldn’t ignore the ache in my body each morning, I decided that I’d had enough of the life. I went to my brother and told him that I was officially retiring. He was shocked.
“Tinker toys can’t hurt me.” The Empty said, turning to look back at me and my brother. “Nothing can.”
“What’s in six days?”
Pausing, Castiel processed Dean’s words and noted the way he wouldn’t quite meet his gaze. Dean was used to being in charge, being sure. But now he was showing his underbelly, his weakness. And Cas realized what an honor it was.
“Cas I…I don’t…I…” I stuttered; my voice sounded so small.
Sam’s kids grew up happy and healthy. They had normal lives. When they went off to college Sam and Eileen visited my house more frequently. My bad knees thanked them for that.
Huffing, Sam slammed his drunk brother’s body up against the car and dug around for the keys. Dean swatted at his hands and whined, “You’re not driving my car.”
“What do I tell them? How can I begin to answer all their questions–”
Helena stood next to him, sweat blooming on her brow, eyes darting between all of us.
“I’m sending you home, Constance!” Sam hollered challengingly.
. He’ll wake me up…and I can’t have that.”
“Someone followed Maggie through the back door.”
Sam squeezed, forcing Dean's mouth shut as he held back a noise of surprise and pain. This didn't go unnoticed by the taller Winchester.
“Sam?!” Dean called worriedly.
The Empty stood huffing and glaring in Jack’s direction before all the fight seemed to seep out of her. A regal chair materialized at her back and she collapsed into it. Closing her eyes like it pained her to keep them open she muttered, “I want to sleep. And stay asleep. I like it that way.”
“If you’re offering, yeah.”
The brothers exchanged looks once again before taking their key and heading up the nearby flight of stairs. On the second-floor landing, Dean leaned in close and whispered to Sam, “There were only a couple keys missing, let’s check the rooms out, see which one good ol’ Burt was staying in.”
Helena asked, her voice high and thin, “Is – is that – is that Sam?”
? Doesn’t he know you’re not supposed to go off on your own?”
Not satisfied with Dean’s lack of reaction, the Sherriff’s eyes flashed dangerously. He shot his Deputy a pointed look just before lunging forward. In an instant both Dean’s wrists had been snatched by the pair and locked in handcuffs. His arms were wrenched up and the other end of both handcuffs were secured on the bars above his head.
“Think it’s Mr. Squire’s blood?”
“Don’t worry,” Sam said, finally recognizing just how worried she sounded. He left the rucksack to turn and gather her up in his arms. “This is only for a few days.”
Flashing angry eyes at my brother, Oblonsky said, “Then start talking. Now!”
The background noise immediately died as people gathered around.
“I don’t need to do nothing. I’m fine.” The blonde countered. “Killed those bastards without you, didn’t I?”
A slight smile tipped the corners of Sam’s lips as he rolled his eyes and followed after. Even though it was a good natural instinct to be worried and alert when on a hunt, it always made me upset seeing him looking like that. Not that I’d let him know. He hates when I look at him like a kid.
“Not sure. Greg made it sound like a cigar. Said it reminded him of his Daddy smoking with old hunting buddies.”
"There's nothing to talk about-"
A rush of skirts and perfume drew Sam Winchester’s attention back to the blond beauty on his arm. He smiled reflexively as her expressive brown eyes locked on to his own. Jessica Moore pressed closer to his side silently saying that she was happy to be there. Sam thought she was the highlight of the already gorgeous evening. She had dressed to the nines, her narrow skirt was a deep blue, her jacket a tasteful black with a jeweled brooch at the collar. Every fold of fabric hugged the curves of her body just the right way.
“You should get out of here; I’m going to call this in.” Ivan said, groaning as he got to his feet. He went to Castiel who was just finishing up healing and offered a hand to him. I watched closely as the angel took the officer’s hand appreciatively. Once Cas was on his feet, Ivan rubbed at the back of his head and moved to check on the comatose old woman’s vitals.
“Real quiet the last couple days before,” Floyd muttered looking thoughtful. “Like I said to the police, distracted. And then…he talked about hearing his little girl just before taking off. Said he heard her calling for him, but she’s been dead for ten years.”
“Explains her kidnapping people so easily.” Castiel commented.
Fresh tears coursed down my cheeks as realization dawned. I'd stuffed the truth so far down under all the killing and drinking. My best friend was dead. I'd gotten him killed because I couldn’t get my head out of my ass and say that I was thankful he was around. To tell him how sorry I was that I use him to compensate for my own lack of self-confidence.
A thin sheet of rain was coming down as we arrived, dampening clothing that wasn’t waterproof and making visibility a little difficult. Didn’t stop me from noticing that none of the lights in the tower were on. The shadowed windows stared down at us blankly. Jerking my head in its direction, I took out my gun and proceeded to quietly limp my way toward the metal stairs that led up the western side of the tower.
Fiddling with the keys in my hands I said, “No, not that. Just uh…just thinking about…about how my eyes are getting tired and that means you get to drive the next leg at your grandma speeds.”
” The Tikbalang whispered from over my shoulder. “
“It’s not like there’s anything we can do about it right now. If it happens again, I just have to remember to turn my shirt inside out.” I shrugged.
Sam, Dean, and Castiel close in on who is responsible for the deaths and disappearances of theater workers around the town of Ashland. Will it be what they thought? Will they be able to change Sam back into a human?
To comfort her, I pawed at her, silently saying that I was happy with her work too. She gave me a pale smile before reaching down to pack up her bag.
Knowing where this was going, Dean let his head fall back and moaned. Castiel was completely taken. He’d never seen the older Winchester like this before. And he was the one eliciting such responses.
There was a brief pause before fingers touched the leather around my neck. As soon as they started fiddling with it, I felt a pulse of power. Helena recoiled with a yelp of pain. I opened my eyes to see Castiel and Dean at her side, looking in horror down at her hands and me on the counter.
The Sherriff let out a growl of frustration and the others around him cowered on instinct. Even Sam could feel the dominant power coming off of him. Dean slowed his steps and angled his body so it was slightly behind Sam’s. The taller brother doesn’t catch the strange movement.
“Okay,” Sam said. “You get her taken care of.”
“Before your son went missing, did you notice anything unusual? Any changes in his behavior…mood?”
Heavily lidded eyes and flushed cheeks greeted him as he held her at arm’s length. She wanted him just as badly as he wanted her. He felt his semi-hard erection stir in his pants at the sight.
I straightened in my seat and gave him my attention as he started, “Okay, so according to Filipino folklore there’s something called a Tikbalang.”
Ivan didn’t sit, but he did come closer. Crossing his arms, he nodded at my brother and muttered something warily about him getting to the point.
“Yes,” Castiel answered, voice deep with emotion. “The parts of himself that he is most ashamed of were laid bare before him.”
“Tail? Yes.”
I watched his eyes focus on it. Realizing that it was important to keep quiet. Nodding, he slowly reached out and took up the gun. I pawed at his hand, trying to give him a purposeful look before bounding over his prone form into the room. I needed to act as a distraction.
The Empty rolled her eyes and gestured with her hand. Eileen disappeared. Sam swallowed worriedly but pressed on, “According to the Book of Joshua in the Bible, these trumpets were powerful enough that Israel conquered Canaan after blowing the horns
. Small towns like this, everyone knew everyone and soon dirty laundry was aired for all to see. As far as anyone would know for now, they were just two drifters passing through on their way to the frontier. Catching Sam’s eye, Dean jerked his head toward a nearby hitching post. Following his brother’s lead, Sam steered his horse toward it.
of it!” she growled, her grip tightening once more.
I agreed.
The Deputy didn’t seem as swayed by Dean as the Sherriff. Her intense eyes were still narrowed.
First my eyes went to the ceiling. But the fire was so intense that if her body was up there, I couldn’t tell. Then, I caught sight of the other figure in the room. I froze, gazing in horror over at Castiel. He loomed over Sam’s crib, drips of flame coming down around his shoulders. Noticing my presence, he slowly tilted his chin in my direction.
They clung to each other as they wound through the sleepy streets. Both had thoughts of the boarding house racing through their minds. Jessica’s father owned the building that about a dozen college students stayed in, Sam included. Which meant that Jessica knew all of the secluded places where they could hold each other in peace. They’d spent their fair share of time away from prying eyes over the two years that Sam had lived there, in said places.
“I’m not giving up.” I answered hoarsely, my voice nearly gone from all the yelling I’d been doing.
Castiel nodded. Jack glanced curiously at the top of Dean’s blonde head and asked, “What’s wrong with him? Is he sick?”
Sam's hands curled into fists, watching the blaze race across the ceiling. The lace hem of Jessica's knickers smoked before catching flame. The curtains drawn across the floor-to-ceiling windows dripped burning fabric.
“Trust me, I’ve heard stranger things.” I said, patting him on the shoulder as silent thanks. “Did your uncle say anything to you specifically?”
(See the end of the chapter for
I lay Sam down on the ottoman in the living room and backed up so Helena had clear access. Since Cas couldn’t heal Sam with the collar on, I made sure he was her first priority.
The loud crack of gunfire came from the direction they’d left Dean and the other bandits. All five looked in that direction. After a moment, Constance stood, pointed at one of the men and ordered, “Go see what’s makin’ all that ruckus.”
Her powerful thighs locked around his hips as she shoved two fingers into his mouth. Dean watched as the Beta power in her eyes began to steadily intensify, her irises glowing a sort of silvery white. Soon he wouldn’t be able to resist at all. He had to do something, fast.
“I didn’t say anything back,” I blurted, my mind pulling up the speech that I’d rehearsed in my head a thousand times for when I’d finally be here to tell him. “When you said you loved me, I didn’t give you an answer.”
Dean jerked away from the man’s touch but didn’t move, or tell him to fuck himself. He seemed rooted to the spot. An intense blush began creeping up the back of his neck to his ears. Sam had never seen his brother act like this before. Like…like an
At first the angel was completely taken by desire and lust as he stroked Dean. He relished the noises and movements coming from him. But then, when he ran his thumb across the tip of Dean’s swollen cock and his green eyes fluttered open, Castiel had a moment of realization. Dean was drunk. What if this was all a mistake?
“You think Ma would have wanted that life for us?” Sam asked after a moment’s pause, his voice trembling as he thought of the memories of her Dean would half-remember and tell him about. His favorite was when Dean would tell him about the old homestead on the plains of Kansas; simpler times.
Furrowing my brows in thought I asked, “Hey, did you see if Moonchild had a spine thing strapped next to her feathers and beads?”
Dean is wallowing in the bottom of a whiskey bottle. Castiel tries to pull him out of it.
, I thought.
When he pulled away, I was left standing there with my eyes still closed. It took me a second, but eventually I opened them. A stupid grin tilted up the corners of my mouth as I muttered, “Awesome…”
Sam is across the room in seconds. Catching her completely by surprise, he puts his hands on either side of her face and kisses her. Whoops and sounds of awe ripple through the crowd at the sight. When they pull apart, they only have eyes for each other, silently speaking about everything in their hearts. After a moment they break apart.
For a moment, she sat in silence, wracking her brain for anything that could help us. After some time, I offered up suggestions that might jog her memory, mentioning hearing things, or strange smells.
“Drink this.” Castiel commanded, slipping his hand behind Dean’s head.
I scrambled back. Sam met me and hauled me to my feet as he explained, “This isn’t just any horn. This is one of Joshua’s shofars; one of seven that brought down the walls of Jericho.”
I paused as Dean continued, “What, so they’re looking for a pet? Local dog shelter run out?”
“Who’re you?” the girl asked, her green eyes flashing suspiciously at me.
Her face twisted in agony as tears slid down her cheeks and she said thickly, “Carly was my roommate my junior year…”
He was right. But without Heaven he became lost, struggling with his identity. And all I’ve done is turn my back on him, over and over again. I realized that back in Diablo. And it scared the shit out of me.
Knifing the others to make sure none of them were faking being dead, Dean then collected his and Sam’s guns. His breathing was heavy and his legs wobbled, like he’d just run a country mile. But thoughts of his brother in danger kept him moving. Ignoring the intense desire to give his body the release it was so badly craving, he set off in the direction Sam went.
It was here that Sam noted a strange feeling growing. It was like sitting next to a fire on a hot summer night, but more intense and came from deep in the center of his being. He’d never felt anything like it before. His thoughts began to jumble, making everything feel like he was watching from over his own shoulder as they happened. His hand shot out and found Constance’s throat and squeezed, catching her just as she was about to bring both her fists down on his head. She choked; surprised.
Brady stepped up, chest forward. Giving the man a slightly dangerous smile, he ordered a round of whiskey for all of them. As far as dominance matches went, it wasn’t the most intense Sam had ever seen. Just last week in fact, he witnessed two Betas trading punches in the park over an Omega mate. It got nasty before one pinned the other to the ground, snarling and spitting blood. No one dared pull them apart. If they were disputing, that was their right. It ended up being the Omega that drew the Beta away with a whine and lowered head in the end.
The bottom edge of a nearby missing poster flapped gently in the breeze as the two young women regarded the tall man. Eventually, they both agreed to speak. The pair went to a nearby wooden bench and sat. After explaining that he was a Marshal, Miss Amy Hein took a deep breath and started telling him about the last time she saw Troy.
, I told myself, curling around Sam’s small body.
“You…what?”
Shooting him a half-hearted smile I replied, “Because I’m a dick?”
“It’s like the Lord of the Rings out here!” I grinned, spinning on my heel so I could get a full panoramic view of the surrounding wildlife.
Trying to keep him talking I pressed, “And then what? Try not to leave anything out, it could be important.”
Cas strode over and set Maggie’s unconscious body next to my brother.
Jack smiled and gathered the pair of us into his arms and mumbled into our chests, “You two, my mother, and Castiel taught me that anyone can find the best in themselves if they look for it.”
I stooped, snatching up a thick twig from the ground and crushed the end of it under the heel of my bare foot. When it snapped, I felt the jagged edges cut into my skin. Ignoring the pain, I straightened. With my improvised weapon in hand I scanned the area. Nothing. I called out for Sam and Cas again.
“I’m sorry, there’s absolutely no way you’re coming with us. We’re up against a –”
I grimaced.
Releasing a heavy sigh, I gave him one last pat on the shoulder before muttering, “We make sure he doesn’t go and do something stupid.”
“What can I get y’all?” the bartender asked, gaze lingering pointedly on Brady, recognizing his status as highest-ranking Beta in the group.
He seemed to notice the look of confusion on my face and chuckled, “Your boy Jack’s done a lot around here. Worked with Castiel to tear down the walls and overhaul the system.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“A guy can hope,” I said breathlessly, springing to my feet.
Sam couldn’t answer. Constance was trying her hardest to tear his throat out.
Judging by their pallid faces, I could tell we would need to be extra sensitive with them when we questioned. Enough time had lapsed between the initial attack and now that I figured shock would have settled and at least one or two wouldn’t even be willing or able to speak. The three of us dismounted. One young man wearing trendy pastel shorts that accented his muscled legs came running over and threw his arms around Eddie in a desperate embrace.
He must be talking to Sam.
Going right through the muscle of his left bicep was a thick spine that looked like it could come from a porcupine but was the length of my forearm, as thick as my thumb, and a pale sickly grey. His teeth ground together as his brows furrowed in pain, pinned to the wall.
“Don’t go yet.”
Dean explained what was going on, not bothering to soften any of the edges as he did. At different points Officer Oblonsky looked like he wanted to write Dean off as a whack-job, but every time he looked at Helena and her face, he stopped himself. It was a typical supernatural debrief that we’d given to a number of people over the years. The whole, ‘yes, there are real life, honest to God monsters out there’ speech.
Dean ran his hand along her snout before muttering, “That’s why you ran…”
“Here we are!” Dean exclaimed, finally withdrawing his hand with what looked like a stack of tattered letters and newspaper clippings. Smoothing out a number of them on top of Sam’s saddle, he pointed at the topmost one.
A choked sob came from Sai as he clamped his hands down over his ears in an attempt at shutting out everything. Realizing what she had done to her friend, Breelyn froze and watched as he collapsed onto the ground crying. After a moment of looking down at him, she turned on her heel and ran off. We watched her go. And when she was far enough away Arush knelt next to his brother and put his arms around his heaving shoulders.
“Train number.”
Her soulful brown eyes met my own as if she could hear my thoughts and said, “I thought he meant the woods were confusin’ at night, but he kept screamin’ about the trees and bushes around him changin’ and movin’ on their own…he was…he was beggin’ for me to save him.”
Her fist collided with Dean’s jaw, making stars explode behind his eyelids. He nearly spun in a full circle as he went down. Dirt and dry grass exploded up from the ground as he collapsed face first. Coughing, he tasted the warm tang of iron on his tongue.
“Yeah. Which was no great tragedy according to the Seattle police records at the time. Guy was a real piece of work."
I heard when the witch came back. Anyone good at tracking could have followed my trail of blood and found me. Whoever they were, they gave up after a minute and started dragging Maggie out of the door. When it shut behind them, I closed my eyes once more and wished silently that Dean and Cas would find me.
Holding my gaze, he placed his hand on the table and said firmly, “I want to help.”
I woofed in agreement.
“Right,” Dean mumbled, rubbing at the back of his neck. “Pa hasn’t been home in a few days.”
Squinting, I called, "Hello?"
“No problem.” I said. "Like a walk in the park."
My jaw dropped open as he sent a dimpled smile in my direction and said, “
“Yes,” she answered, turning red-rimmed eyes on the brunette beside her. “Who might you be?”
We reached Helena’s house a short while after that. She opened the door, took in our bedraggled appearances, asked with a squeak, “Where’s Ivan?”
I fumbled a bit at the end, but having him in front of me finally after all this time was making me more nervous than I thought I’d be.
"Just don't forget about me," I said with a wry smile. "Or get lost."
The glare she sent down my way from her perch was enough to chase off any idea of laughter. Sniffing she said, “Yes I do. I don’t associate with the enemy.”
As soon as they were gone and the jailhouse fell quiet, Dean let out a shaky laugh and asked the air, “What took you, Sammy?”
“That’s what we’re here to find out.” Dean answered sarcastically. Sam immediately stomped on his foot. Suppressing a cry of pain, Dean shot Sam a look before adding, “
I urged myself, chewing the inside of my cheek.
“Did you hear voices or see someone like Carly?”
Dean realized what an embarrassingly quick fight that had been as he heard the sound of hurried footsteps approaching. Trying not to suck in a lungful of dust, he spluttered and peered up at the newcomer. It was the other Deputy, the one that had gone into the hotel looking for Sammy. Dean laughed, coughing slightly as he realized that his brother must have given the guy the slip.
Castiel stood in the corner of the room, watching Sam and Maggie playing like they were real dogs while giving Ivan and Helena their space. He looked lonely.
“I wasn’t just vacationing in the hoosegow as you put it.” Dean sniffed. “I got his journal from the Sherriff.”
Dean pressed against the bars of his cell; eyes fixed on the journal that never left his father’s side. He wasn’t even thinking that he was giving off a strong scent because of his heightened stress. But as soon as he got closer, the Deputy acting on instinct, reached through the bars. One hand wound tightly in the front of Dean’s shirt, the other started roaming hungrily down the Omega’s side toward his hip. He could practically feel her want.
“Seems Sam interrupted the druid.” Castiel observed. “They must have used the spell on him instead of Maggie.”
Giving her arm one last squeeze, I nodded in appreciation and backed off. The shaking that had been plaguing her hands before lessened as she gathered up her supplies again. She asked us to follow her into the morgue (a more sterile environment) with Sam. Gingerly, I picked him up. He didn’t open his eyes. A pang of worry shot through me, but I shoved it down. There wasn’t enough time to act like that now.
The fallen angel noticed.
I shook my head, “You’ve been part of this family for how long, Jack? And you still can’t remember that, when it comes to the Winchesters, there’s always a way?”
We sat there for a long time. I wasn’t sure exactly how long, but I knew it wasn’t long enough. A knock came from the door. I swayed as Cas pulled away and wordlessly went to answer. As the door opened, I caught sight of Sam, brows brought together in concern. Our eyes met briefly before I glanced away. Where did my booze end up?
“No?” Castiel answered with a smile, resuming the grinding he’d ceased.
“No, I’m uh, I’m actually feeling pretty good. All things considered.” I said, shooting a glance at Castiel. “Besides, we need to head out. Got a case that sounded pretty urgent.”
Arush nodded absently as he struggled to absorb the bomb I just dropped. Quickly biting at another nail, he said, “We split up, thinking maybe she’d fallen and hurt herself. Sai and I, then Breelyn and Greg, and then…Marina and Gavin.”
I hung up and looked over at Castiel who was asking silently, ‘
“Did you get Castiel out?” Donna asked, her cheeks still flush from all the previous activity.
“Golly,” she breathed, pale chest turning red and splotchy with stress at the thought. “Of course. She’s back in her office. Right this way.”
“Sam will be okay,” the dark-haired man muttered, close enough that I felt the vibration run through the short hairs on the back of my neck and down my spine. “Dr. Fuentes will help him; she is a capable human.”
Then he turned on his heel and went after Joel.
“Dean.”
“I’ll go talk to the bartender at the saloon, see if he’s heard anything. You go and find other people to bother.” He snapped before disappearing out of sight.
“Dean, can I have a sec?”
He explained, “You need to change.”
Shifting my position so the brunt of my weight was supported by the tree, I aimed my gun and growled under my breath, "Come on out you son of a bitch."
I struggled to my feet. My thoughts feeling like they were running sluggishly through a thick cloud of cotton. Focusing on each individual step, I staggered to Sam's side as he plunged what looked like one of the Tikbalang's own spines into the back of its head and torso. Reaching down, I wrapped my fist around the glinting golden spine. Placing the toe of my boot on the monster's jaw, I gripped tight and yanked. Sam glanced at me hurriedly before backing up enough to allow me access to its heart. Without blinking, I shoved the spine deep into the already torn tissue.
If their father really was in trouble, should Sam do something? Last time he’d had words with John, they’d been out on the road somewhere east about three years ago. John had just landed a solid hit to Sam’s jaw and angrily told him that his place was with his pack out in the wild, not in some hoity-toity big city. Sam had looked at Dean standing frozen a few feet away, clearly wrestling with the idea of going against their leader and father. When he saw that confusion and pain on his big brother’s face, Sam realized that their father was poison. Spitting the blood from the corner of his mouth onto his father’s shoes, he turned, saddled up, and left.
“There’s seven of them.” I straightened, rubbing my neck and clearing my throat as I added croakily, “And who knows, maybe we can track down some other loud things that’ll wreck your day.”
“Some of you have never met Castiel,” I said loudly, looking around at the faces turned up to look at me. “But let me tell you that everyone in some way or another has been helped by him.”
Zachariah pushed off the wall, tipping his hat in Castiel’s direction before slipping out of the room. Cas’ mouth narrowed into one of displeasure for a moment. The Omega caught his attention by gyrating his hips on Cas’ dick, whining wantonly.
“They don’t just do Shakespeare plays though,” I answered. “There’s a lot of experimental stuff that they put on.”
The secretary started at the harsh tone of Dean’s voice, but responded quickly, “Back in the lab. D-down the hall just before her office. B-but you can’t –”
“Okay, show me which way she went.”
where they’ll get their answers. In every table leg they stub their toe on. In every heart ache and joy. Might not come today, or tomorrow. But they’ll find what they need eventually. If they look for it.”
“You need rest.”
, huh?”
“What are your terms?” Jack asked, suddenly right next to me.
“You’d think,” Sam said with only a small hint of bitterness.
Jack stepped back and looked between us, “It’s time for me to go.”
The pair of socks in my hand dropped as I let out a shaky breath. It didn’t do much to help ease the feeling of hurt that had been festering in my chest, but it made turning and facing the inevitability of this conversation a little easier. Clenching my hands into fists, I quietly nodded.
It left me feeling a little confused.
“Our prison break theme song,” I muttered distractedly, reaching far under a pile of forgotten shirts.
Still not wanting to admit what was happening, Dean dutifully unsaddled and brushed down the horses. Sweat dampened his skin, his legs and arms trembled weakly. With a huff, he sank onto his bedroll. Looking around, he saw sign of Sam.
“Look like anyone else to you, boy?”
Her large brown eyes glanced worriedly between the two brothers before she nodded reluctantly and made her way toward the front door of the boarding house. She threw one last concerned look over her shoulder at Sam before shutting the door behind her. The pair waited until she fully disappeared before turning to each other.
“It’s fine, Dean.”
Taking in the deep blush of embarrassment on my cheeks, Cas took a cautious step back into the room. I stood there, hoping that he could sense what I was silently telling him.
Dean glowered as Sam came up. The taller of the two instantly noticed the slightly unsteady nature of the other’s stance and asked incredulously, “Are you drunk?”
Agreed. Hopefully we could figure out what was going on before more innocent people started getting taken. Sam snatched his backpack up from next to him and started toward the Impala, calling over his shoulder, “If we go now, we could do a little bit of research at the bar before heading over to the trail.”
A soft whine punctuated my thoughts. Wiping at my eyes I glanced down at the floor next to my bed and saw Miracle laying with his head on his paws looking at me mournfully.
She was taken aback. I wasn’t telling her to stay back or stay safe or anything like that. How could I anymore? She was an adult. Had been for a long time. Something Jody had figured out faster than me. No one could tell her what she could or couldn’t do.
“Coordinates,” Recognizing the sequence, Sam’s eyes widened. “You know where?”
I might take a bit to start uploading part three since I haven't written anything down yet. I have it planned out!
Dean and Sam continue to hunt the monster they've been tracking, finally discovering its name.
She nodded, biting her bottom lip. The petite woman looked on the verge of a full-blown panic attack. Sam noticed as well and stepped forward to place his hand comfortingly against her trembling shoulders. He muttered gently, “You did the right thing.”
The number of hallways and storerooms was dizzying. And the further we went the less people there were. The perfect place for an ambush. Eventually Joel stopped and explained that his friend Maggie would have come this way to head out one of two doors at the back of the building that led to the employee parking area. I looked around at where we stood now. Plywood cutouts stored vertically in rows stretched back about fifty yards and to each side about one hundred yards.
“Where’d you get that?” Dean asked, eyes widening. That was Pa’s journal.
“Carly and Gavin,” Sam answered, reaching out to steady Moonchild as she wavered on her feet. “Did you know them?”
“Oh, uh…” Dean glanced at me again. “Cocker Spaniel, I think?”
Castiel's familiar greeting was more than welcome after what went down just a few minutes ago. Tilting the phone from my mouth for a moment so he couldn't hear, I let out a long sigh and said, "Cas, man, it's good to hear from you."
My mouth fell open when I realized I was hearing my Dad’s voice from the night I’d never forget. Caught off guard, I dropped my gun slightly and glanced around. Nothing. Only the RV’s, Baby, and Sam’s tent.
If Sam hadn’t already been gazing out the window of their second story room thinking of Jessica, he may not have heard the commotion from below. Luckily, Dean’s loud voice caught his attention. His stomach dropped when he realized that his brother was being confronted by the law.
I dropped Sam off near Joel Brown’s apartment before heading to Gail’s family’s house. Most of them were there, mourning the fresh loss of the youngest of them. It was touch and go for a couple of them. Their emotions were running high and sensitive. But I managed.
“Fuck,” I grumbled, at a loss.
"No, a case. Case!" I repeated, smirking with amusement. "What's up Cas? You need something?"
Castiel’s orgasm came without warning. He buried his head in Dean’s shoulder and groaned as his body stiffened. Dean kept pumping his hand, and soon, fresh warm ropes of cum shot out between them.
“Listen…I’ll look after you Dean, but as soon as we find Pa, I’m going back.”
Cas turned to go to his car. Instantly my gut clenched and my instinct was to reach out and hold him back. My hand twitched in his direction. I think Sam might have seen. But I managed to stop myself and pass it off as me trying to flex my hands.
Sure, it had been the yellow eyed demon Azazel’s lackey. And yeah, it had all been part of an elaborate plot to drive Sam back to hunting. But I had never let go of that small part of me that said I was to blame. After all, I was the one that came and asked for help finding Dad. Hell, Jess didn’t even want him to go. She was worried about that interview of his. It was a miracle Sam didn’t hold that more over my head. He should. Had every right to.
The boys make their way south toward Ashland, Oregon to investigate two deaths shrouded in mystery. The three focus on doing what they do best, but when something happens to Sam, will Dean confront his feelings for Castiel that were shown to him back in Diablo?
Suddenly Meg’s haggard face was in my own, her lips pulled back in a snarl and her eyes wild. I staggered back as she screeched, “Leave you pathetic, stinking ape!”
Letting out a heavy sigh, I stepped closer to her and mumbled, “Listen, you seem like a good kid, and your friends need that right now. They need you.”
“What?” I asked.
With a long sigh, Sam rested his chin back between his paws and closed his eyes. Quietly, I stood and headed into the kitchen where Castiel and Helena stood around the counter. She had just pulled her laptop out and slid it over.
I couldn’t think. The pain was too intense.
Throwing my bag over my shoulder, I asked, “Ready?”
The sound of birds chirping outside was loud enough to wake me. As I cracked open my eyes, my nose twitched, instinctively trying to sniff out where I was. The first scent I got was Helena. That got my eyes to shoot open. I took in the sight of the nicely decorated living room and remembered what had led to me getting taken to her house.
I held out my hand to my brother, looking for confirmation that he did in fact want to come along on this crazy rescue mission. He looked at it for a moment before glancing over his shoulder at Eileen. Her soulful brown eyes glittered with acceptance and excitement. Her slender fingers found mine even before Sam’s did.
Instantly I regretted doing that. As I looked up into Cas’ face, I could see the hurt and confusion flit briefly through eyes that looked even more blue in this light. Unable to stand whatever it was that was going on at this moment, I shot to my feet and started walking down the embankment.
I shrugged as if to say,
Sam finished getting his horse geared up and nodded to Dean silently to let him know he was ready to head out. Without missing a beat, Dean swung up into his saddle, tugging a letter out of his inside left breast pocket. He handed it over to Sam before steering Baby toward the road out of town, calling over his shoulder, “I hadn’t heard anything from him until I picked that up from the post office a couple days ago.”
Slowly, I let out a long breath. The tension going with it like I was a well-shaken champagne bottle that just had the cork taken out. My gut twisted one last time and I resisted the urge to run. Instead, I pressed back against him. He was solid. Warm. Real. All I could hear was the sound of my heart beating in my ears. I was glad that he couldn’t see my face. Eventually, as the clock ticked softly on the side table, I closed my eyes and allowed myself to let go, even if it was only for a little while.
“Was it the manager that’s gone missing?” Sam asked.
And with that, he was off. I’d say he was more than ready to leave behind all this nonsense. The visitors center was probably looking really tame comparatively. We waited and watched the kids leave, bouncing along behind Eddie on the trailer. For a brief moment before they slipped out of view, I noticed Marina staring pleadingly at Sam, the first time she’d seemed in control of herself since arriving here. I didn’t say anything though. At that moment, Isadora came up.
“Where?”
Both got to their feet with difficulty but shuffled off with little more than a few fading whimpers. Mood now tense and heavy, I mentally checked on my pistol tucked into my waistband and followed after Sammy’s tense shoulders as he traced the trail of blood past the tree line. It wasn’t easy. It quickly turned sporadic, then unpredictable, and eventually disappeared.
It wasn’t until I finally found the back door that Joel had mentioned that I saw anything. A small work table had been overturned, scattering tools and paint brushes across the floor. On a nearby plywood scene of a snowy forest there was a small arch of blood and more droplets on the ground.
He so desperately wanted to say something quippy, but with his head still spinning he couldn’t think. Instead, he decided on his previous idea: clock her then skedaddle. It was unfortunate though that his arms seemed to react two seconds later than he intended. She didn’t see his first hit that landed right on her left chin, but she definitely saw the second. As he tried landing the punch, her hand shot up and caught his fist. In an instant, she bent his wrist the wrong way, sending him to his knees.
“Everything is going to be alright.” he murmured, lips dragging across her skin slightly as he spoke. “I’ll be back. I promise.”
Sam smirked and nodded.
The oldest Winchester stumbled out of the saloon, the toe of his boot catching on an uneven floorboard as he did. Others around him made comments behind hands but he ignored them. One of the patrons from inside followed him out. As Dean stood blinking in the suddenly bright light the patron slipped behind him, lifting his nose to get a better angle on scenting. As a couple walking arm in arm skirted around the slightly intoxicated Winchester that blocked their path, the mysterious patron left unnoticed, heading up the main thoroughfare toward the jailhouse.
“Thanks man,” I said, reaching over and patting Eddie on the shoulder. Reaching into my pocket, I slipped the card with my phone number on it out and slid it across the table. “Call if you come up with anything else. Good luck out there.”
Sam cleared his throat, “We’ve been tracking a bandit group through the area. Any word in town about those kinds of characters?”
Before this thing could sink its claws any further into my insecurities, I clenched my jaw and put four rounds into its chest. The image of my Dad jerked back with every impact. It was a tough sight to swallow. But the fact that it maintained eye contact the entire time was unsettling enough to remind me that it wasn’t real. A bubble of disappointment swelled in my gut as I realized that those bullets had had no effect whatsoever.
“No.”
“Shit,” Sam muttered, snatching up what little belongings he and his brother had brought with them. They’d be coming for him next.
“Nothing. I don’t really socialize with them. Darren is quite the drinker. Likes to run his mouth at all hours; usually about unsavory topics. Katherine is abusive. No getting around it. She beats her husband and the poor bastard takes it to make sure the kid stays out of it.”
“Fuck, man.” Dean continued. “That was…
“She’s dead.”
Inside hadn’t gotten busy yet. The lanterns on the wall and in the chandelier were being lit in preparation for the soon to be fully set sun. The four college friends easily made their way through the mostly empty establishment and cozied up to the bar top.
“Thinking.”
Brows furrowing in confusion Castiel turned to him and asked, “Do you know how to do that?”
“Comes over from Bellingham every free chance she gets. All those college kids always got something to be upset about. For her it’s the dam. Says the greenhouse gasses it emits and all the displaced animal ecosystems is detrimental to the environment.”
“Whoa,” Sam muttered, inspecting the piles of papers littering the wardrobe underneath the wall collage.
“Law school, huh?” Dean smirked.
“Dean wants me to tell you that he’s grateful you all came to help.” Jack announced loud enough for everyone gathered to hear. “He says that there’s beer, whiskey, and cereal in the kitchen to celebrate.”
Sam grinned, relief flooding his features. Dean smiled back, trying not to look as exhausted as he felt. His heat was getting more intense, and the Deputy had dumped his plumb weed in the dirt in the center of town. There was nothing he could do to help ease the intensity unless he took the time to shut himself away. But that would involve telling Sam what was going on and leaving their father waiting for another day or two. Dean wasn’t sure he could look his little brother in the face and admit that.
“I wish he could have been a part of all your lives a little longer too.” Jack whispered, his fingers punctuating the fact by digging into my back slightly. “But I have plans.”
Her brows drew together, marring the perfectly smooth skin of her forehead. He couldn’t resist when she gave him that look, so he leaned in close so only she could hear and said, “I’m fine, Jess, really.”
“You said in your statement that Mr. Darrah had been acting strangely before taking off into the woods. What made it strange?”
“I can heal him if you –” Jack started, extending his hand before being cut off.
His voice became swallowed by static. Only the faint punctuation of my name got through before the line went dead. Looking down at the screen in disappointment, I shut it off and stuffed it back in my pocket. I sat with my arms crossed over my knees quietly thinking about the angel while my vision slowly adjusted once more to the darkness.
“Let’s head out and search the area for any-” I started, but my words were cut off as one of the large glass windows that enclosed the tower exploded in a shower of broken shards. I dropped, curling into a ball to save my face from being cut to ribbons. As the howling wind came through, scattering loose papers and dampening everything with rain water, it carried with it the unmistakable smell of tobacco. Once I knew my eyes were safe from glass chunks, I brought up my gun and tried to find a target to shoot. But there was nothing.
“Dean.”
“Scared?”
“Thanks, Cas.” I said, glancing over at him. His face was paler than it had been a moment ago. “You alright?”
Once the sun dipped below the mountain peaks around us, Sam set about starting a fire. He seemed to be enjoying himself. I smiled as I thought back to when we were kids. Going out with Dad on hunts he would have me living off the bare minimum. Whenever Sam and I had the opportunity to get away just the two of us, I made sure that we had fun with it. I remember a failed cooler experiment using dry ice as a means to keep our food unspoiled. Ended up with everything getting frozen solid; not enough insulation between the dry ice and the food. It was entirely my mistake (Sam tried convincing me otherwise but I stubbornly said I knew what I was doing). We ended up dumping the lot into a nearby creek so we could watch it boil away. A good memory.
came back.
“For God’s sake Ivan,” Helena screeched finally breaking her silence. “They’re not the ones you should be pointing that thing at!”
With a look of surprise on her face, she brought her knuckles down on Dean’s cheekbone. His vision went black as his body collapsed. After clearing his vision, he caught sight of the Deputy sniffing him curiously. But before he could get back on his feet, or react at all, she grabbed his arm and twisted it behind his back. He let out a grunt of blind pain just as his face met the dirt.
Wondering where the stable keeper was, Sam walked over to his horse and started the process of saddling up. While Dean went over his mount with a critical eye Sam asked, “So who was Pa after? Why didn’t you go with him?”
All of a sudden, the ferociousness in Dean Sam remembered from childhood boiled up. Moving quicker than Sam could react to, Dean caught his collar and shoved him up against the back of the building they stood by. Dean bared his teeth close to Sam’s neck. This was the kind of thing that had Sam so confused about why his brother presented the way he did.
He rumbled his acknowledgment, the feeling vibrating through his chest and into his arm.
Dean snagged the keys from me as we headed outside. By the time we got back to Cas’ car and dropped him off, it was dark. It seemed everything was back to normal. At least for the moment. I snuck a glance at him out of the corner of my eye as the Impala sped south along I-5, street lights casting brief pillars of light across his stoic face as we went. He saw me looking.
Sam and I nodded.
~ 0 ~
I glanced up and noticed him gazing directly at Helena. As soon as we fell silent, she looked up and saw him staring. Holding the supplies she was going to need to fix Sam up she shook her head, “I – I don’t think I can handle much more of this.”
Hands clamped down on his shoulders and wrenched him around. In the next instant, he was flat on his back with the bandit woman on top of him, grinding her pelvis into his own. A different shade of stars blinded Dean for a moment as he let out a gasp of pleasure. His dick immediately responded, twitching under her. She let out a satisfied cackle and ground down once more. The others cheered her on, shouting obscenities and encouragement.
“Here’s your coffee,” the waitress said, cautiously placing two steaming mugs in front of us. “Would you like any creamer?”
Sam kept getting further and further ahead. I called out to him at one point, telling him to wait up, but for some reason he couldn’t hear me. Gripping at my leg as flashes of white-hot pain stabbed up from my ankle, I tried once again to stop him. But in an instant, the yawning darkness had swallowed him up.
Dean nodded, frowning slightly, “We should go pay her a visit before she decides to make another Rin-Tin-Tin. Thank you, Officer. We’ll take it from here.”
It took all of Dean’s strength to drag his brother bodily from the room. The last thing Sam saw before disappearing around the corner was the fire emanating from the ceiling behind Jessica’s body, her beautiful golden hair burning away as her skin blackened.
Our girl stood on her plastic crate, holding her sign and yelling about environmental devastation. Her dull grey socks were losing their elasticity and were slowly slipping unevenly toward her Birkenstock sandals. Today she wore what I can only describe as thin pantaloons that billowed with every breeze and ended at her knees. On top she had a fleece North Face vest and long sleeve shirt. Her knickknacks were still strapped all over her body on hemp cord (feathers, crystals, a couple bones) and she’d tucked her dreadlocks under a beanie. All in all, she legit looked like she was ready to sail on a pirate ship through marijuana fields.
Castiel nodded again, turning his attention back to the trees around us. Pushing off the car, I headed for our room. Standing in front of the door, I took in a steadying breath. Inside Dean was already donning his suit. Drops of water still clung to his freshly washed skin and made his dark blonde hair look even darker.
“Very peculiar,” Cas nodded, seemingly invested. “Ordinary humans
One of the boys stepped up, looking ashen but cognizant enough to hold a conversation. His hand came up briefly so he could pull at the nail on his pointer finger with his teeth before he asked nervously, “Are you going to find Carly and Gavin?”
It was then that Castiel chose to look up and catch Dean’s eye. His dark blue eyes glistened with desire and happiness. Seeing that made Dean realize that he wasn’t sure he’d ever seen the other look like that before. His insides melted and his jaw dropped open slightly.
Trying to ignore the stone of anxiety that suddenly dropped into his gut, he stiffened the arm that Jessica clung to and put on a face that said, ‘I may not be presented, but she’s mine’.
“As a matter of fact, someone did,” Dean smirked. “Nice to know you haven’t turned into a complete tenderfoot yet.”
“You…you saw what the Tikbalang made me see?” I asked tentatively, half wishing he would say no.
“I’ll just go inside then,” she said, shooting Sam a look. “Give you two time to talk.”
It was such a blatant statement; painful.
Walking up to the help desk, we found a stressed-out man in his late thirties looking like he never thought this kind of job would ever involve talking to people. The sheer panic in his eyes said loud and clear that he regretted it. Catching sight of us coming right for him, I could almost feel his fight or flight response screaming flight. Holding out my hand before he could bolt, I called, “Ranger Plant and Bonham. We wanted to ask you a few questions about the missing dam workers.”
to rely on my arms that were now my front legs. When I did get up on all fours, I wobbled slightly. Every move was strange. It felt like what bloom around lights in a dimly lit room looked like. Shaking my head to clear my thoughts, I looked at the wood flooring below. Hopping down from the ottoman seemed a bit intimidating. I was high up now that I was the size of a Cocker Spaniel.
Letting out a heavy sigh, the man who appeared to be the Sherriff looked back at one of the people next to him and asked, “Thoughts, Deputy?”
I went up the stairs, quietly shutting myself in the guest room.
“Disgraceful,” the Deputy muttered, only loud enough for Dean to catch.
Dean’s heart was hammering wildly in his chest. But still, Castiel did not speak. Just let out a sigh of his own, making the hairs on Dean’s arms stand on end. Suddenly Dean remembered the drunken nightmare Castiel had woken him from.
Sam’s heart had sunk as soon as the sound registered. He wondered, horrified, if they’d just filled his brother with lead.
“I won’t be hands on.” He said, looking around the garage like he could see through the walls at the world beyond. “That was Chuck’s mistake.”
“Anything special about the land they’re working on? Indian burial? Old hoodoo site? Weird shrine nearby?”
Claire got down on her knees and welcomed the slobbery dog kisses, with a disbelieving smile. As she scratched along Sam’s back, she looked up at Castiel and said, “Hey.”
She stood, nervously smoothing her pencil skirt as she took off at a quick trot down the left hallway. Normally I would appreciate the sway of her hips as she hurried along, but my mind was about five miles to the west wondering if Cas was doing alright.
“Finally!” A thickly southern accented voice cried on the other end. “You know how many people’s asses I had to kiss to get your new number, Dean Winchester?!”
“Sam? Cas?” he called.
century that would have knowledge of the runes on the collar.”
Realizing what I was doing, I sat bolt upright. My heart hammering like crazy as I pulled away from Cas. He quirked his head to the side in reaction and questioned innocently, “Are you feeling ill?”
“No, ma’am. We’re hoping Ms. Fuentes can shed some light on an ongoing case of ours.”
“C’mon man, let’s just –” Dean started, taking another bold step in the officer’s direction.
“Come on,” Dean scoffed, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning against the nearby wall of the boarding house. “Life out in the wild wasn’t easy, sure…but it wasn’t all bad.”
Footsteps drew near. I was just preparing to reach for my knife when I felt a warmth emanate from a spot above my torso, accompanied by a bright light. Chancing a quick peek, I cracked open one eye and was surprised to see Castiel standing over me. He was concentrating on his task and didn’t notice that I was awake.
“No, I can’t just –”
The Tikbalang was even more frightening in person. When Sam had read the descriptor ‘half man half horse’ all I could think of was a bipedal centaur. Not too scary. But this…was awful. Ten-foot-tall, long stringy black hair, with the face of a wild horse. Spittle foamed and spilled out from the corners of its mouth as it bared sharp fangs. Wet nostrils flared with each deep breath. I could see its ribs and every joint under its taut, pale, hairless, grey skin. It stamped its cloven feet in agitation as it clutched Castiel’s waist tighter. He choked in response, trying and failing not to move too much. Blood trickled down from his neck as the razor-sharp points jabbed into his throat.
My eyes widened. Kneeling down, I finally took notice of the collar around his neck. It was fine leather with sigils carved into it. When my fingers made contact, it felt like I’d just pressed them onto a hot skillet. The x-rays that Helena had showed us back at the morgue flashed through my mind; the shifted bones, the tail.
Sam didn’t answer.
Still looking at us with the happiest and most grateful expression on his face he stepped back. Sam and I stood shoulder to shoulder looking at him.
Clutching the stitch in my side I commented sarcastically, “Totally worth it.”
I laughed before looking at my brother and saying earnestly, “Screw Chuck’s ending. We make our own.”
The seat next to me was empty and the door was wide open. Beyond was darkness. Unable to tear my eyes away, I felt blindly for the doorknob while reaching back to my back where my pistol had been tucked away. My door swung out with a loud creek that was quickly swallowed by the constant rush of rain. I whipped around, my pistol trembling slightly in my hand as I realized that this was the clearing from back in Diablo.
Turning, I saw the witch hurriedly rushing around Maggie, picking up the bowl full of charred herbs and other spell ingredients. I still couldn’t get a good look at their face. The hood drawn up over their head obscured their features.
“Dean, that’s not–”
"I can hardly hear you, Dean." He said, the familiar grumble of his voice slightly distorted by the poor connection. "Where are you?"
I could see the deep, almost black flecks in her eyes as they searched mine for an answer. Finally, she licked her lips and nodded her head before muttering hoarsely, “You can stay with me until you figure out who’s doing this.”
The most surprising thing however, was how much fun it was to see another dog. As Dean and I passed her and her owner, we locked eyes. Immediately the big lab started pulling on her leash to get closer to me. I felt Dean tense up next to me, wondering if he was going to have to save me from getting eaten, but I just wagged my tail. The other dog was just as happy to see me too. I tried speaking to her a couple different ways. First with my mind, then with barks. She didn’t seem to understand. It only got her more excited.
Turning the ignition in the Impala, I waited for the familiar roar of the engine before answering, “Dean is the type to need space when he’s…
“Nature je te commande!” she cried, throwing out her hands.
“I know,” He sniffed, his fingers digging into the back of my coat. “I’m proud of you too.”
“Got it. See you there.”
Annoyance flashed across his face as he countered, “You’re injured, Dean.”
"Cas, can you hear me?" I called, raising my voice and tilting my head as if that might help the reception.
“Sammy!” I cried, rushing across the glade to his side.
The dirty blonde just kept on singing. Louder.
Sam narrowed his eyes, “Yes you can.”
My stomach did a little flip, but I shook my head and turned back to the task at hand. Dozens of plywood slates stood vertically, stored in clumps that I assumed made sense to whoever stuck them back here. I started picking my way through carefully. The spilled coffee was definitely recent.
“What do the other workers think about their compadres adios-ing?”
He faltered, shooting a glance over his shoulder at her. The look on her face was enough to make me back off. Not that it was intimidating. More like I could feel her hurt and anxiety.
Gingerly, I sat up. It felt weird. I could no longer engage my core to help me sit up, I
"Damnit!" I grumbled in frustration, kicking at a moss-covered log. The rotting  bark crumbled apart, pieces scattering everywhere. "What do we do now?"
“Partner?” Dean wondered ironically. “What partner?”
Boom boxes, rotating lights, noise makers, even a few fireworks started piling up on the table in the center of the bunker as more and more people arrived. Charlie, Stevie, Donna, Jody, Alex, Claire, Kaia, Garth, Bobby, and every hunter we could get a hold of all crowded in. Adrenaline kept my body moving as I made room for everything and everyone.
” Cas cried, struggling against the Tikbalang.
His head was quirked to the side in concern as he fluidly made his way to my side. Crouching down at my level, his warm hand settled heavily on my shoulder as he said, “
“You gave me too much credit when you said I changed you. There were so many times where, without you, everything would have fallen apart. I’m me because you were the best of all of us. You’re the – you’re the love of my life.”
I glanced up and saw Helena looking at me with concern. Before Cas could answer, I waved her off and muttered hoarsely, “I’m fine. Sorry to wake you.”
I started explaining hurriedly that he didn’t need to do that, thinking that even if it was uncomfortable it would give me some time to process; hide from him for a while. Ignoring me however, he reached down and pressed two fingers between the mattress and my forehead. Instantly, the hangover dissipated. My shoulders untensed.
“Come on,” I whispered, patting the bed next to me.
His face paled and he looked like he might be sick. To steady him, I reached out a consoling hand and gripped his shoulder. He took in a shallow breath before nodding. Without a word, he slipped by me and went back the way we came.
I whimpered.
“What the–”
“Uh, hi, Ranger Plant? This is Eddie. We spoke at the Visitor Center yesterday.”
“You do it.” Dean insisted, still smirking.
I mentally shouted at myself, shutting my eyes tightly in frustration.
My anger and fear manifested as a low growl deep in my chest. If I could actually move, I would use my new mouth to bite the shit out of their leg. The witch seemed to understand my meaning and gave me a wide berth as they hurried to the back door and slipped outside. The brief blinding flash of light made me flinch away.
Dean grunted in agreement, working slowly on taking the saddle from his horse. Pulling out his pocket watch, Sam headed off in the direction he’d last seen wood, noting the time he left so he could make sure to stay away long enough for Dean to get at least a little bit of relief.
I bolted upright, the distinct smell of expensive cigar smoke washing over me.
Dean shot a look over at Sam, checking for any hint of ulterior motive.
I rolled my eyes and nodded.
After about five hours of sleep, I woke and quietly changed into jogging clothes and slipped out of the motel. For the next forty minutes I ran through the sleepy streets of Ashland, noting different shops as I went. Hardly anyone was awake yet, but I could smell fresh bread and coffee. My stomach grumbled in appreciation.
We spent every second at the bar pouring over any and all lore we could get our hands on. And what we couldn’t get through, Sam was able to copy and paste onto his phone for when we next had free time and no Wi-Fi.
“Jodie…” I sighed.
I shot Sam a quick look before stepping up to her.
An engine revved from somewhere nearby, cutting through the oppressive silence. It drew nearer and nearer as the seconds passed, chasing off the remains of whatever I'd just been experiencing.
“What can I do for you gentlemen?” he asked, slowly sliding the hotel ledger closer.
Ignoring me he continued, “It’s said that part of its body is humanoid, but its head and legs are that of a horse. It uses its powerful legs to leap great distances and move with incredible speed and dexterity. The Tikbalang is said to be a roughly ten-foot-tall shape shifting trickster. One particular trick it employs is taking the visage of a relative, friend, or someone closely associated with the victim. When the time comes for the creature to play with its prey, it’s said the smell of tobacco precedes any visions or sounds.”
The Sherriff’s energy shifted as soon as the words left dean’s mouth. It intensified alongside his anger. His scent was unmistakably Beta. High-ranking. Dean’s body reacted almost immediately. As did the Deputy’s. She barred her teeth and tipped her chin toward her chest exposing her neck submissively. Dean made a small noise in his throat as an intense shiver trickled down his spine; a mix of fear and anticipation. But not one to lose a coward’s game, Dean forced himself to remain as strong as possible and stared down his nose at the Sherriff defiantly.
“Okay. Let’s get to work.”
Eventually I was able to pull it together enough to get it across that I was fine. Dean looked ready to throttle me, but asked if I was hungry all the same. When I said yes, he led the way downstairs. Before we left Castiel picked up his jacket from the bed. I watched as he slipped it on, quietly remembering the fact that the pair of them had been in bed together when I came in.
“No, haven’t had good enough reception for a while. And the WiFi here sucks. She still has one of the bodies though. And the collars are in evidence lockup at Ashland PD.”
“There abouts,” I could hear the smile in her voice as she let out a breath of relief. “Listen, I’m callin’ in that favor you owe me.”
After a moment he stopped and whispered in the direction of the floor, “There. Don’t tell him I did that.”
When it was all gone, Cas pulled back and took in another mouth-full of water. The angel paused as he set the cup back on the side table and looked down at the man beneath him. His green eyes were cracked open, looking up at him in question. Once again, the warmth swelled within Castiel and he had to force himself to concentrate on the task at hand.
Trying to suppress the urge to frown, I started in on catching him up to speed. We ate dinner before heading out. It was good to see his appetite was back in full force. It was also just as disgusting watching him stuff his face. Back to normal, I guess.
Looking into the living room, I noticed Helena staring at us with wide, concerned eyes. Gesturing to her I hissed under my breath so only my brother could hear, “Helena’s strung out as it is, I can’t ask her to keep you.”
My Dad knelt next to us suddenly, giving me a look of mock pity and said, “
"Diablo, Washington," I answered, raising my voice a little so it might be easier to hear me. "Sam and I are on a case."
Joseph didn’t look convinced.
Sam watched his brother, struggling against the twist in his gut, but ultimately mirrored the other’s actions. The two of them left their small campsite shortly after, neither one of them willing to broach the heavy silence that had fallen over their heads.
Fighting for control over my trembling lower lip, I nodded, a signal for him to do his angel thing. Thankfully he understood. Lifting his middle and pointer fingers up to my forehead, he muttered encouragingly, “Start from the beginning.”
Setting the bottle down on the Pepto-Bismol pink counter of the tiny kitchenette out of my reach, he sat in the only other chair opposite me, scraping the worn wooden legs along the linoleum. Damnit. Why did he have to give me that freaking look of his? It always reminded me of Sammy, when he’d try and get me to open up about the particularly gruesome stuff I’d seen with Dad on the road in the early days.
…” I muttered sarcastically under my breath, reaching out and scooping up Sam as delicately as possible. “Cas, grab Maggie and let’s go.”
The woman stood, clenching her jaw with displeasure as she nodded.
Not my most favorite past time. Especially not when there were so many things out in the wilderness that went bump in the night.
For a split second, I wanted to be angry with him. Not even sure why. But almost as soon as the feeling flashed through my heart, it fizzled out. I looked at the smaller man and thought of my brother and I wondered about what I could have done differently to make this situation not suck as much as it did.
Mallory looked utterly disturbed but chose not to comment. Instead, she gave Helena a look that said she better get an explanation later, before heading back up the hall at a steady clip. Helena barely gave the secretary a second glance before she was ushering me and my brother inside. Giving us a cursory once over, she strode over to her desk in the worst display of faux calm that I’d seen in a while. I couldn’t help but smirk a little. It was kind of cute.
I brushed past him, heading to the door and hoping he couldn’t see the look on my face.
Risking a few moments of lapsed attention on the road, he turned and glared at me before saying, “Stop making light of this. You’re not
“Howdy boys,” a sweet voice called from up the road, stopping Sam from questioning his brother. “You look like you could use a good time.”
The room had been spinning slowly for a while and words were becoming more difficult to string together coherently. While professing feelings however, it had quickly gotten worse. As I sat sweating and feeling Cas’ warm breath puff against my face, I became drunkenly convinced that if I let go of him, I would go spiraling off into space. My stomach churned. Without warning, I ducked to the side and vomited all over the linoleum. The sound of it splashing against the flooring made me retch even harder.
"Not broken," he concluded triumphantly. "Just twisted pretty bad, I think."
Something in the man’s demeanor shifted. Like he wasn’t asking, but telling. Sam bristled, unable to feel the effect the low-ranking Beta was having on Dean, but well-able enough to know what must be going on.
A mirthless laugh came out as she murmured, “Doesn’t feel that way…”
“Process?”
“So not the types you would usually invite over for a weekend barbecue?”
Standing outside the boarding house Sam paused and turned to Dean. Their eyes met as the taller of the two asked, “Write me when you find him?”
"But Dean..."
” Castiel spat, emotionless black eyes reflecting the fire around us. “
Dean cursed under his breath, realizing that Colorado was more than six hundred miles from where they were now. Sam could see Dean wanting to ask him to come along. Truthfully, part of him wanted to. But their father was still in the wind and that didn’t change the fact that Sam was starting law school the next day.
When his eyes roamed back to the laptop screen in front of him, they suddenly narrowed. Leaning close, I noticed them raking back and forth. He’d seen something. Excitement ran through my gut, propelling me off the ottoman. I thudded into the ground and scrambled across the hard wood and under the table to his legs. Hopping up so my paws were on Castiel’s thigh I craned my neck to see the screen.
“You’re not the best at keeping a low profile, man.”
Dean seemed to noticed, and like a good brother he seemed to know what I was getting at. Coming around the table, he knelt so we were on more equal level and said, “Don’t worry, we’ll try and take her alive so we can get the spell reversed.”
"I won't," Cas huskily replied.
This year, they would invite all of their friends to celebrate together. There was so much to celebrate.
Sam and Eileen both hugged Cas in turn, letting them know how happy they were that he was back.
"Please don't ever leave me," Dean whispered.
He didn't say it then, but his
