He could do this. For Castiel.
Castiel didn’t answer immediately, and Dean looked back up from his food when he didn’t answer. “Cas?”
“Out, Cas!” He snaps. “Just get the fuck out.” He doesn’t look as Castiel’s hand withdraws, and doesn’t glance back until he hears the sound of the door click shut.
“It’s very commendable,” Castiel agreed. “You must be very proud of him.”
The line at the bakery was far longer than Castiel had ever seen it, stretching out through the doors and down the street. Dozens of patrons, businessmen and women alike, homeless people, soccer moms, all lining up around the block.
“Yeah, I know. But I’m sure you can say ‘no’ occasionally. We’ve had this reservation for weeks. It’s Sam’s birthday tomorrow, and I was –
Dean’s smile grew wider. “I’ll leave you to your dinner, Castiel, but I’ll make you a deal. If you order dessert? I’ll make it personally.” He returned to the kitchen, leaving Castiel slightly flushed, distracted completely from the meal sitting in front of him.
Dean nodded and the corner of his mouth turned up. He couldn’t quite manage a smile, but they were trying.
“Of course it is. You can’t even see it.”
“You’re alive,” Charlie smiled as he entered the bakery. “Haven’t seen you yet this week, I thought you might be dead.”
The bartender colours a little bit, but shoots a nervous smile in Dean’s direction. “More like cautiously optimistic. I mean, we’re supposed to be made for each other, right? That can only be a good thing.”
Dean cooked the crêpes through one at a time, placing a sheet of greaseproof paper between each one until he ran out of batter. Then he started on the sauce.
“What prompted you to make that choice? It seems like something you enjoyed, you’re still touching the scars on your fingers.”
She wasn’t even that pretty, Castiel thought bitterly, although he couldn’t deny her pale complexion and cropped red hair were a striking combination. He just hadn’t thought she was Dean’s type at all.
“Dean,” the redhead behind the counter bellowed. “Your favourite customer is here!”
“Me too. I was out of line, I was insulting from the beginning and I crossed a line when I stormed into your office.” Dean offered, gently, raising his own glass to his lips and taking a sip. Castiel followed the motion with his eyes, his flush becoming more pronounced. How had it gotten so warm in here?
“You okay, Cas?”
Before Dean could give any further commands, clarity returned to the blue eyes. He looked at the knife and at the guns and then tossed it aside quickly.
He felt Castiel tense in his arms seconds before the reply came. “Dean, we’ve talked about this…”
Castiel nodded, an almost wistful expression on his face that faded to disappointment when Dean didn’t say anything back.
Gabriel barely spared him a glance. “Just did, big boy. You might want to come too,” he added, his eyes fixed on Dean. “He’ll need you.”
Dean stared after him for a moment, before turning to Sam, who had been leaning against the wall with a smug expression for the duration of Castiel’s visit. “Don’t say a word,” he warned. “Can I see the ring again?”
He turned, to meet a wide-eyed Castiel staring back at him.
“That’s not the problem. The fact is that your interest in me is purely superficial. You know nothing about me, other than you seem to find me physically attractive. Do you know where I work, what my profession is? What my favourite animal is?”
Holding his hand out, Castiel takes the photograph and squints at it for a long moment. “Huh. I had no idea there was even a picture of this. I was a few months premature, I was hooked up to machines for like… maybe two months? I was in and out of the hospital a dozen times before I was six months old.”
Dean tore his eyes away from Benny’s all-too-knowing gaze, his jaw clenching reflexively. “C’mon, man. Don’t… don’t do that. You know I don’t make that dish anymore. Too many memories.”
, they’d make him switch schools. For the second time. Castiel had started at the fancy private middle school across town, but he’d been miserable there. His friend Dean had gone to the local middle school—where Castiel was now enrolled—and he didn’t want to move someplace else. He wanted to stay with Dean.
Castiel smiled wryly, shaking his head. “No.”
The homeless man nodded. “Yes, that’s me.”
Castiel looked closer and couldn’t hide his smile. Dean was reading Cat’s Cradle again. No matter how many books he went through, he always went back to Cat’s Cradle. The book was almost completely destroyed, dog-eared pages, cracked spine and faded cover from how often it had been read from cover-to-cover. Castiel turned his gaze to the desk across the room and softened. There, beside the picture of Mary and Dean as a child, were a couple of new additions. Pictures of Bobby and the boys when they were young. A picture of Dean and Sam taken not that long ago, and then the most recent picture, of Dean and Castiel.
He blinks, and he’s in a hospital bed, restrained. He has no idea how much time has passed.
The years fell away between them as they stepped towards each other. There were no signals, or words spoken, but in unison they fell into each other’s arms.
Castiel nodded and rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. “I love you. You do so much and I want you to know how much I appreciate it. I’ll find a job soon, I promise.”
Dean felt a pang of hurt, and wondered how it even registered amidst the numbness he felt.
Dean turns his face away, leaning away from his boyfriend’s touch. “Please go. I’d like to be alone for a little while.”
“I don’t think I’m ready to move out.” The words were whispered, like Castiel didn’t have the courage to admit them any louder.
“Another?”
When Dean and Benny got back with Castiel’s clothes and some sentimental items, Castiel had burst into tears, throwing himself into Dean’s arms. Benny had excused himself with a significant look at Dean that he’d chosen to ignore, winding his arms around Castiel and letting him get it all out.
Dean looked out of the window at the heavy snow and felt a small amount of glee.
It’s the first time he’s asked. They’ve both discussed their broken timers a handful of times, but they’ve never talked about this. About when they’d first realised they were different to every other person alive.
Sam sat next to his brother and nudged his hands out of the way so he could retie the ocean blue bow tie. “Have you noticed that you’re more concerned with Cas’ feelings than yours? You haven’t even considered that you might change your mind.”
“Please, I just want to talk. Can we not do this?”
The breath knocked out of his lungs, Dean shakes his head. Castiel could never resent him, Castiel loved him. Always had. Even though Dean is sometimes a jerk and drinks too much and never talks about his feelings. It’s this stupid job, working for Sandover Bridge & Iron Inc. is too competitive, puts too much on him and he’s a far cry from the carefree student that Castiel had fallen in love with. Some days, Dean doesn’t even recognise himself.
“Absolutely not. At least, not at the expense of giving some
Castiel’s hand on his arm is warm, an unconditional gesture of friendship and affection. Dean is torn between shrugging it off and covering it with his own. In the end, he does neither and just leaves it there, giving a shaky nod.
Castiel’s easy smile faded a little and he gave an awkward laugh. “Pre-law, actually. I’m not sure what I’m going to actually major in though. Political science, maybe. Psychology? Something like that. I’m probably just going to try my hand at everything I can and max out my schedule. I plan to be really busy.” He hesitated, biting his lip. “I hope that’s not going to be a problem? I know you probably didn’t sign up for a lame bookworm roommate that’s gonna be studying all hours of the day and night. I don’t want to disturb you or ruin any plans you make.”
“Hello, Dean,”
Benny shook his head, rolling his eyes. “Dean decided to give away free takeout coffee to every customer today. His brother graduated from law school today
Castiel wound himself around Dean and melted into the embrace, not answering the question. Dean just held him tightly, stroking his hair and waiting until Castiel felt able to speak. “You want to sleep in my room tonight? Just sleep, I promise. You don’t have to sleep out here on the floor.”
“I don’t make a habit of screaming until after a first date.”
was Castiel’s home and he would never need a back-up plan again. Dean’s gaze dipped to the ad below and he froze, reading the words printed there.
“It’s not his fault, you know.” Tessa leans against the wall at the foot of his bed. “He wasn’t the one who decided to drink a fifth of whiskey and drive home.”
“Hmm? Oh, well, I like honey and lemon. And I really like lavender.”
He threw back his head in laughter as the door closed behind him.
“Dean –”
didn’t take the time to contact the faculty members whose space you were taking to let them know in case something changed. The way I see it, we’re both to blame.”
When Claire cheered, Castiel smiled widely. “Well, that’s decided then, off we go.”
The bartender holds out a bottle of whiskey, an eyebrow raised. Dean looks down at his empty glass and then pushes it forward with one finger. “Fill ‘er up.”
“Thank you.”
“Are you busy? Gabriel cancelled on me to hang out with Kali and I… I have whiskey.”
Dean shook his head bitterly. Now Castiel wanted to talk. “Just go, Cas.”
“I really am sorry. I know that doesn’t change anything. I never meant to hurt you. I… I wasn’t even aware you were there until you touched me.”
The grocery store had an abundance of flavours, and Dean hovered in front of the glass doors, mulling over his choices. What flavour screamed heartbroken and pathetic?
There was a small delay before Dean replied, but his voice was lower, gruffer. “Are you remembering the last time we were there, Cas? About how good it was? How hard I fucked you?”
“That’s not true.”
Dean coughed. “It was nothing. It was just an apology.”
“C’mon, it’ll be fun,” Dean tugged Castiel towards the storefront. “Don’t you want to find out who your soulmate is? Who you’re fated to be with?”
“I can do it,” Dean straightened up, with a resigned nod. “I have to do it. We’re gonna enjoy our vacation together.”
“There’s a carriage out the back that will take you as far as Lille. It will be a long journey. From there you should cross the border.” Dean told them, quietly. “Good luck.”
Dean licked his lips and felt his heart jump at the thoughtful gesture on Castiel’s part. Their whole dating thing wasn’t new, their attraction had grown quickly and they’d hooked up within a few weeks of moving in together. Thankfully, they’d both been open to dating and Dean had fallen hard and fast. Now at the end of their freshman year, he was still amazed by how well they fit together. How Castiel knew him better than he even knew himself.
“That’s the second time you’ve called me a dick today and it had damn well better be the last.” Castiel warned him, his voice low. “I didn’t see your sign, which was an honest mistake.
And that answered every question Castiel had. Why Dean had argued with him, told him that Castiel was just another stuck up aristocrat, that he never wanted to see him again. While it didn’t surprise him that his parents had taken steps to remove Dean from his life—they’d never made a secret of their feelings towards him—it was like a blade to the chest to hear that Dean had let them. That he’d been party to it.
“I hope not,” Castiel groaned. “But little Krissy Chambers was sent home with a fever on Friday, so it’s possible.”
Waiting curiously, Dean wondered whatever this surprise could be. His confusion only increased as Castiel reached for the morning newspaper, flicking through it as he settled on the floor at Dean’s feet. When he reached the classifieds, he stopped and passed the section up to Dean.
“I’ll start on dinner when you get out. Anything you particularly like?”
“We’ve met,” he agreed, carefully. He wasn’t sure what kind of footing they were on right now. The last few weeks had been awkward to say the least, with lingering looks but always ending with them both leaving the classroom as soon as possible to avoid any conversation.
Castiel had just never expected him to. It had been more than a year since John Winchester had passed away. The moment that had burned between Dean and Castiel on this very hill was still fresh in Castiel’s mind, as if it had happened only yesterday. It was the closest either of them had ever come to acting on it, but Castiel had never dreamed that Dean’s feelings may have changed.
Castiel was yanked to his feet, a baton shoved under his chin, forcing his head back. “Auditions, sir.”
“That’ll just make it worse,” Castiel mumbled. “I can handle it.”
he ditched you that’s driving you to drink?”
Castiel approached the trunk of the towering oak tree and peered around the side. Dean was sitting on the floor, his back against one of the lifted roots. Silent sobs were shaking his shoulders.
Castiel nodded, and licked his lips as Dean walked away. “Dean,” he called out abruptly. “I—how much do I owe you? For today and Wednesday?
“Exactly,
The food was delicious, of course. Castiel couldn’t fault a single thing. The sweetbreads were delicious, tender and creamy, the way they should be. The richness of the accompanying madeira sauce and the subtle nutty flavour of the celeriac served with it created a balance of flavours that was practically obscene on Castiel’s tongue.
He parked the Impala haphazardly outside and jogged up to the building, scanning the numbers and hitting the only buzzer that didn’t have a name. He was so cold, even in this brief moment of exposure to the snow, his teeth were chattering and his nose felt like it was about to drop off.
Castiel had no time to rise as Dean walked around the desk but then cool hands were cupping his cheeks and the warmest, softest pair of lips were pressed to his own. All the earlier intensity returned and Castiel felt like all the breath had been knocked out of his lungs. His eyes fluttered closed, powerless to do anything but give himself over to the sensation of desire and attraction while his fingers found purchase in the collar of Dean’s jacket. He pulled Dean closer, parting his lips.
Silence. “Dean –”
“Fuck,” he hissed, stepping back and going for his gun. “Knife!”
He licked his lips, not sure how to break the awkward silence that had fallen between them, but thankfully he didn’t need to. Claire chatted enough for all of them, telling Dean about her friends and her schoolwork and telling Castiel about the types of cake Dean made for her birthday.
“How’d you even know I’d be here?” Castiel muttered.
“No,” he said eventually. The clarity had unnerved him and he needed to think. “Let’s go somewhere else today.”
Gabriel sat down next to him, but it was still a moment or two before Castiel was able to look up, taking the tea and cupping it in his hands.
,” he pronounced the last word slowly, significantly.
“Professor Novak!”
Anxiously, Dean checked the coatrack and saw that Castiel’s trench coat wasn’t hanging up in its usual place.
Castiel decided it was in his best interest to do as he was told. He followed Dean out to his car, with no time to admire it before he was bundled inside. He reached for his seatbelt, but Dean was already there.
Dean hung on quite well until the engines started. Even the stewardess going through the safety procedure wasn’t too much for him to handle. But the rattling vibrations of the engines in the cabin had Dean white-knuckling the armrests, his face pale and drawn as he hummed ‘Some Kind of Monster’ to calm himself down.
They had both enquired about changing their schedules, limiting their number of credits in order to pick up extra hours at work. Castiel worked at a used bookstore and wasn’t too offended by the extra shifts. Dean, who worked seasonally at a fast food outlet just off campus, wasn’t exactly thrilled with the idea of flipping burgers two extra days a week, but he’d understood their financial situation necessitated the temporary sacrifice.
“Sounds a bit like you right now. Salty.”
“Sounds good. Meet at your place, then?” Castiel made no attempt to move, despite his words. “You still…?”
Dean avoided his eyes entirely. “I didn’t do it as a favour to you. I simply thought it would be an inconvenience to the students to fruitlessly follow you around for a spare classroom.”
“The special is very sweet today,” Dean reassured him, correctly guessing his hesitation. “White chocolate and caramel. You’ll like this better. Trust me.”
“Missed me that much, huh?”
Castiel hesitated for a moment and then reached for the one with sugar. “Thank you.” As his hands grasped the paper cup, Dean noticed slivers of silver around his fingers.
Castiel nodded, his free hand fisting into the soft covers as he felt heat begin to pool in his stomach, felt the telltale signs of his impending release as his balls tightened. “Dean,
Dean flushed a little at the question, like he always did. It made him uncomfortable, feeling like he was going to be judged. But nobody here knew him, knew the difficulties he’d had studying in high school. “History,” he eventually mumbled. “I was never really the academic type. I’m not so hot on the numbers side of things. But I’m good at remembering dates and symbols and really old languages and stuff. So I figured maybe I’d go down the ancient history route. What about you?”
Castiel groaned but it was all good-natured as he followed Dean downstairs to get another box. “So what’s your major? Do you have a plan yet?”
“Thanks,” he rasped finally, leaning back against the huge trunk of the oak tree.
Castiel hesitated. “Gabriel. He’s the sous chef at my restaurant. He would let me stay with him if I asked but… I can’t. It’s not a matter of pride, it’s a matter of my safety. And his.”
Dean hesitated. He could let it go and not push, it wasn’t unreasonable that the apartment wouldn’t be put immediately up for another lease. The owner might want to clean it or redecorate or any number of reasons. But from the startled look on Castiel’s face, there was something he wasn’t saying.
“There he is!” she shrieked, pointing behind Castiel. “Uncle Dean! Here I am!”
“We’re not soulmates,” Castiel whispered. He wasn’t sure what to even do with that information.
“Neither of us is in a dress,” Castiel pointed out wryly.
“Hey, what’s this one?” Dean frowns at a picture. “You’re just a baby, but you look… sick? There are tubes everywhere?”
“Once or twice.” Castiel told him wryly, but was unable to hide his blush or the way his mouth curled up into a pleased smile. “So what’s new? How was work?”
wouldn’t be a bad husband, but I’m not worried about it anymore.”
Dean kissed the top of his head and pulled them down so they were lying together on the bed, Castiel’s head still on his chest. “I’m guessing they didn’t take it very well.”
Dean nodded, leaning back to show Castiel the fastened belt and trying his best to relax. “You should go back to work, I don’t want you to get in trouble.”
Dean slumped on the couch of their suddenly stifling apartment, the heel of his free hand pressing into his eyes as if to prevent the impending migraine from a long-time argument taking hold. He felt weak, a pressure in his chest draining all of his energy. This happened so often now, Castiel hadn’t been home longer than a few days in the last three months.
All except Dean. His fist clenches and his eyes sting with the familiar pain that there’s nobody on earth that is meant for him.
Dean dropped onto the offered seat, his arm stretching casually over the back, behind Castiel, whose cheeks pinkened. He suddenly found the flyer a lot more interesting without actually reading it.
Benny’s eyes lost the last of their suspicion at Castiel’s words and he gave a brief nod towards Dean. “Get yourself home, brother. I’ll take care of this.” He turned to Castiel, who was clutching at his coffee cup as if it might be taken away from him. “You’re free to go.”
had gone.
“I didn’t know at all. My mom… she was ashamed. She covered my wrists, never mentioned the word soulmate in front of me. The first time I heard it was at school and nobody could understand how I’d never heard of soulmates. My teacher made me roll up my sleeve for the demonstration and gave this almost horrified gasp. I was so humiliated.” Castiel’s cheeks burned. “I think I was almost eight, and there was this big thing that I didn’t know about.”
Uncertainly, Castiel looked around for a free spot. Thankfully, he knew the protocol and pulled up at a meter. He wouldn’t have to pay, but the meter was on the opposite side of the parking lot to his office and Castiel felt inconvenienced. He was incensed that someone would have the audacity to steal his designated parking space when this was a faculty only parking lot. All lecturers were given the option to pay for a parking space out of their salary if they drove. The only staff members who refused travelled via public transport. The only reason for someone to steal his stall was if they didn’t want to pay. It was unacceptable.
But Dean would let him go, because that was the right thing to do.
Tessa shook her head, and she looked sad. “It’s only temporary. I can’t make your pain go away permanently, Dean. But I can speed things along. After all, time flies.”
“I said I’m ready now.” Castiel flushed. “I’ve been ready for months. Do you know how hard it’s been to put a stop to things when they were getting heated?”
“We do. They’re fifty dollars each. Please be aware that we cannot be held liable for any damages from separation, divorce or bankruptcy fees incurred by the results of this test.”
. I’ve always loved you. It wasn’t me that decided it wasn’t worth it, Dean. It wasn’t me that abandoned you. I’ve always been right here.”
“This was what he gave me the first time I left him. He slammed my head into the door and left me with a concussion. He won’t find me again.”
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean sighed, his heart aching as he got up to heat up the rest of the leftovers. “When was the last time you actually ate a full meal?”
Castiel hid his own widening smile by taking a small sip of his wine, peering at Dean over the top of the glass enigmatically. “Perhaps not,” he conceded. “Let me rephrase. Which is your favourite of the dishes? Say if you were to bring a loved one here, a spouse maybe. What would you recommend they order?”
“Cassie, for someone with such sage dating advice, you really are hopeless. Any fool with a brain could see that he’s interested in you.” Balthazar tutted.
“Oh yeah?” Castiel laughed, chasing Dean’s lips again. “”What if I gave you my phone number?”
Dean scrutinised the pigeon for a few moments, before nodding with satisfaction. “Great job, Benny, great job all round guys.” He assembled his food and took a deep breath before sweeping out of the kitchen, Castiel’s entree in hand.
Castiel felt the breath knocked from his lungs at the finality and dismissal of Dean’s tone. He stared numbly, struck with the knowledge that life as he knew it was over. But he would not mourn for that. Instead, he would mourn for a childhood love that had been doomed to failure.
“You want me to go?” Dean asked softly.
“Alright. Use whatever you need and if you have something in mind, I can head out the store…” He trailed off as Castiel was already shaking his head, opening the fridge and then the cupboards, cataloguing what was there.
Castiel didn’t reply at first, just buckled himself in. Dean fought the urge to point out he could sit up front, figuring maybe they’d both feel a little safer with Castiel in the back right now. They didn’t know each other very well.
But Castiel had asked him to stay away, so Dean stared fiercely at the books and tried to study. After a few hours, he gave it up as a bad job and packed everything away. He hadn’t heard anything from Castiel and he wasn’t sure if that was a good sign or a worrying one.
Dean calling after him was unexpected, so Castiel’s hand fumbled as he opened the door again, raising a questioning eyebrow as Dean turned back to address his class.
Castiel didn’t reply at first, just returned to eating his lasagna. The plate was clear but Castiel didn’t move, just looked at it forlornly, as if wondering where it had all gone.
Castiel experienced life through colours.
Castiel shook his head, but he looked hopeful. “Not yet. I was here to pick up something for dinner.”
Dean still wouldn’t look at him, so Castiel narrowed his eyes as he waited patiently for Dean to speak. “You know what my dad is like. I just… wanted proof so I could stop him needling at me to find a girl to settle down with.”
Dean shook his head, his anger fading as quickly as it had appeared, replaced by a resigned sadness. His eyes were averted, and he seemed to be avoiding Castiel’s attempts to catch his eye. “You’re wasting time. And you’ll never make it out of the city without me. I’ve arranged passage out of Paris, from there you’re on your own.”
Castiel could pinpoint the exact moment that Benny registered his comment and was done with him. There was no verbal cue, but the guard holding him began yanking him away, back inside the building. Sparing a glance over his shoulder, he recognised the guard as Mr. Singer. He was one of the decent ones.
Dean talked him through it, how the herbs would burn to ash, and a subtle scent would rise from the ashes and trigger three distinct memories that would help them identify their soulmate. It was a novel idea, quite romantic, Castiel supposed. But he didn’t need to know that Dean was his soulmate to know that he loved him with everything he was.
Castiel could accept the logic in Dean’s words, but the confrontational way that his colleague had burst into his office meant that backing down was not an option. Dean had crossed a line, and Castiel wasn’t going to stand for it.
“He stayed for you,” Dean said simply. “He loves you and he didn’t want you to think he resented you.”
Dean swallowed his food. “You were scared. I might not have all the answers regarding your situation, but I don’t need them. I don’t think you’re a bad person and I don’t think you’re a criminal.”
He sat on the mattress gently, aware that this was Dean’s living space, not his own. Despite their change in relationship status over the last few months, they still kept separate bedrooms for when they wanted to be alone. This room was solely Dean’s, although Castiel found that they both slept here together most of the time. His hands splayed across the blankets, appreciating the softness of the material. It felt nice under his hands. He knew from experience it felt nice against his skin too, when he was splayed out, thighs parted, and fingers curling around the blankets for purchase–
“Yep,” Dean shrugged, hanging back to lock the Impala. The rain was still coming down heavily, so he ducked into the porch before fishing through his pockets for his keys. “Just me.”
“I’m getting too old to climb this hill,” Dean grumbled, trying to catch his breath. “We need a clandestine meeting place at ground level.
Dean rose, setting down his napkin. He needed to get out of here, he couldn’t breathe.
“Of course.” Castiel gave a brief shiver. “It’s not very warm in here. Maybe we could light the fire for a change, and have dinner in front of it?”
Castiel felt a burst of annoyance but tried his best to reign it in. “Must we go through this
“But you are living on the streets.”
“She’s not the only one,” Castiel muttered, digging into his appetiser. “I’m not even a criminal and I could have seriously hurt you the night we met. I have nightmares that you get hurt.”
Dean’s voice came back casual, but Castiel knew him well enough to know that Dean was inherently curious. “You are? What are you doing there?”
Dean sighed. “I guess you’re right. It was just a thought. The money would make such a big deal and it means I don’t have to work the graveyard shift when I have class the next day.”
“Huh? No,” Castiel shook his head, chewing on his lip. “I just… I have something to tell you, but I don’t know how to say it.”
“I love you,” Castiel told him, reaching for his head. Dean accepted it and squeezed it lightly.
The roar of the Impala’s engines caught Castiel’s attention and he floundered. After he’d run out of Dean’s place, terrible excuses about a prior engagement on his tongue, he hadn’t expected to be followed. But it was clear that Dean hadn’t been fooled by his lame mutterings at all. Not that Castiel had expected him to be.
“I figured you’d be here. Listen, Cas, I need to get something off my chest,” Dean strode into the room briskly, confidence in every step. “Because this has been bugging me since the first time I laid eyes on you and I can’t fight it anymore. I… you see... oh, fuck it.”
Castiel straightened up, his jaw going slack in surprise as Dean jogged up to them, sweaty and out of breath. What was more, he didn’t seem to be at all stunned by Castiel’s presence, almost as if he’d known to expect him here.
“Forget about it,” Dean sighed. “What do you want?”
He held the door open pointedly, staring at Dean unflinchingly, until the other man stalked out of his office with unconcealed irritation.
“It could,” Dean said casually, and Castiel glanced at him, his heart skipping a beat. Was Dean saying what Castiel thought he was saying? He’d never even dreamed…
“You joined the revolution?”
“I’m sitting on your bed. It- it smells like you. It smells like
Dean knew him so well. Castiel glanced over at his soon-to-be husband, his eyes filled with love and happiness. “I was just thinking that I can’t wait to marry you.”
enjoy it. It will be amazing because it will be with you. And third, you
The man flushed, setting the haphazard sheaf of papers onto an empty spot on Castiel’s desk. “I’m Dean Winchester. I teach Physics.”
It was his sanctuary.
“Sure you don’t need a ride?” Dean asked Benny, jingling his car keys enticingly. “It’s still raining, I don’t mind dropping you off.”
He took his time making up the bed, giving Castiel space to cook while Dean ensured he had everything he needed. A spare toothbrush. Deodorant. Freshly laundered pyjamas.
“I should go. Thank you again.” Castiel mumbled, grabbing his briefcase. He felt oddly disappointed as he left the room without a backwards glance.
“I’m sorry too,” Castiel rasped. “I just couldn’t sit there when you were mad at me and locked in the bedroom. That’s what I was trying to tell you. That’s why I need to move out.”
Castiel stepped forward, his legs shaky. “Not yet.”
“There’s no way we can load the truck in that,” he sighed.
He could feel Castiel’s presence behind him, watching him, yet there was something so familiar about the process, that it wasn’t unnerving. For the first time since he’d bumped into Castiel, he felt himself relax.
Dean let out a bitter laugh. “Yeah, I can still go. Are you coming back here first?”
Turning back to the movie, Dean wondered how he was supposed to focus on the screen when his heart felt like it was going to beat right out of his chest, or like he was going to burst out into song. But he resisted the urge and soon fell back into fascination with the plot of one of his favourite movies.
Frustration flitted over Dean’s face and he sighed. “Cas—”
Castiel shook his head, returning the smile. “My feet are toasty warm.”
“Everyone is coming. The people. The revolution.”
Castiel surged forward and kissed him, fervently and with his whole heart. With carefree hearts they tumbled down into the grass together, laughing and kissing. “I love you too,” he whispered against Dean’s lips.
“I’m leaving.” Gabriel told him, gesticulating wildly. “I can’t take it there anymore, Cassie. I can never do anything right, they
His eyes flew open wide as he let out an audible gasp, his slacks tighter than they had been a few seconds ago. Now he remembered, and he was ashamed that he’d almost forgotten. That had been one of the most amazing experiences of Castiel’s life, and he’d experienced millennia. Idly, Castiel palmed at his crotch, remembering the way Dean had shoved him face-first into the mattress, claiming every part of his body.
His smile seemed to be contagious because Castiel grinned right back, all gums and shiny white teeth. “Me too.”
Misery prickled in the back of his throat, threatening to make him tear up. Exactly what had he just gotten himself into?
“I know I would have.” A gentle hand rested on his shoulder and Dean closed his eyes, fighting back tears. “But I regret losing you more.”
He stared blankly at the ringing phone, wondering how to silence it. When the song progressed into the unmistakeable wailing of Robert Plant and the glares of the surrounding customers became more pronounced, Castiel flipped open the phone to seek a way to end the call and his subsequent misplaced embarrassment.
“They’re coming.” Dean’s face was defiant under all the dirt, but there was something very akin to fear in his eyes.
“I love you too, but your love for me doesn’t mean you have the right to mock my completely practical ten-year plan.”
Perhaps something soothing was in order. Lavender, maybe.
“Cassie!” Balthazar greeted, enthusiastically, pulling him in for a tight hug. Castiel got the impression that was not Balthazar’s first drink of the evening. “Just in time. We’re set for a wonderful party this evening, we invited the Applied Sciences department to join us in thanks for letting us take over their building for the last month or so.”
“I’ll be the one walking down the aisle,” Castiel teased as he left.
“Oh yeah, don’t give me that ‘butter wouldn’t melt’ crap. You were all like ‘I miss Louisiana, Kansas is too dry for these old Bayou bones, I need a bit of rainfall every now and again.”
Charlie wasn’t at her usual position behind the counter, replaced by a tall, bearded man that was reminiscent of a bear, but he had a twinkle in his kind blue eyes.
“I thought it was unlucky for you to see me before the service,” Dean mumbled.
Castiel would have snorted at the legal jargon if he wasn’t floundering at the price. Fifty bucks?! Finagler was too sneaky a term, this was daylight robbery.
Castiel fell silent. After a moment, Dean glanced down to find that Castiel had fallen asleep, curled against him like a kitten. With a smile, Dean closed his eyes and let sleep overtake him.
Dean was overjoyed to have Castiel living with him again. Even though they’d only really spent a few nights apart, he’d hated every second of those nights. Even coming home from work felt miserable on the days where he and Castiel had opposing schedules. Instead of having a warm body to crawl under the covers next to, he had cold sheets and a silent house.
Castiel pulled away from the touch, positioning his back to the counter so he could watch Dean, annoyance twisting his expression. “I’m asking you not to push me on this.”
“Thanks.”
“How would I touch you?” Dean pressed, leaning back in the chair almost casually as he wrapped a hand around himself. “How do you imagine me touching you?”
“Me neither. If Gabriel won’t miss you, I could cook or something. At my place. We could talk.”
Dean hadn’t even needed to ask. The second he’d explained it all to Benny, his partner had known exactly what was coming and volunteered to help. They’d gone to Castiel’s old address and put the fear of God into the abusive son of a bitch. Then they’d taken everything that belonged to Castiel that hadn’t been able to fit in his pack the night he’d left.
He wasn’t sure what to say. “Oh. I see.”
“How’d you figure that one, brother? I ain’t exactly in charge of the weather. If I was, I’d make damn sure I’d be wealthier than I am.” His partner looked affronted.
Dean took a step back and Castiel took a deep breath, feeling like he could breathe again now he wasn’t overpowered by Dean, the touch of his hands, his addicting scent.
“Well gee, thanks,” Dean huffed, his brows knit together with mock-offence. “I’m not gonna scare off the damn critic, Charlie. It’s fine. It’s just a little conversation between courses. This is how I am, I’m
grateful.”
Dean leaned back against the chair with a sigh. It was like getting blood from a stone. “This will go a lot smoother if you just answer my questions. I’m not trying to trick you, I want to understand your circumstances before you got to where you are now.”
“–because I have worked my
“I went to look at an apartment today.”
“In a tea caddy?” The voice repeated in disbelief. “I don’t even own a tea… oh! You mean the frou-frou tea place that my brother dragged me to this morning?
how vicious some of his reviews have been just because he didn’t like the sauce or his steak was overdone.”
They parted and Dean pulled back just enough to press his forehead to Castiel’s. “You’re still gonna have to pay for that,” he murmured fondly, but his eyes betrayed his amusement. “No freebies.”
Castiel could feel Gabriel’s eyes on him, but he wasn’t quite able to meet his gaze, preferring instead to keep his eyes on a crack in the sidewalk. He knew his brother was just looking out for him, but he just wanted to be able to pick up pastries and coffee —from the only place in a thirty mile radius that sold palatable coffee—without being hit on.
He insisted on waiting until Castiel’s parents pulled up outside before taking his leave. He passed them on the stairs and gave them a onceover. They looked pretty normal, but from the little Castiel had told him, they were nice on the outside and cruel on the inside. Putting them out of his head, Dean made his way to the library, pulling a few books from the shelves and starting to make notes. He couldn’t concentrate though, all he could think about was Castiel’s stress and misery. He wanted to head back to the dorm and check that everything was good.
Dean let Benny drive them back to the precinct, while he cleaned out the wound on his arm, treating and dressing the wound as carefully as he could. It was shallow, not more than a scratch really. Even so, he couldn’t stop his gaze from flickering to the back seat as he kept a close eye on Castiel.
Dean grinned, and Castiel felt warm arms slide around his waist, pulling him close. “Well, in that case, maybe we can negotiate a future discount when I call you to arrange our date?”
Castiel swallowed, averting his gaze. He had a look of a deer caught in headlights and was obviously struggling to answer. “I’m still leasing it,” he whispered eventually.
“Cas.”
“Then go!” Dean eventually lost his temper. “You know where the door is. If it’s so awful living with me, then leave. But I’m not gonna sit here and pretend it isn’t like a fucking slap in the face that, even though it’s the next natural step for our relationship, you won’t even consider it.”
“Good. I’ll be at my mom’s.”
“It’s...amazing,” Castiel sighed. “I mean, everything in here always is. You have a wonderful way with flavour. But this is somehow… everything I love about baking. It’s not as sweet as I would have expected, but there’s still so much depth of flavour.”
“He insisted,” Charlie pressed. “I’m sure it’s not meant as an attempt at influencing your review. Dean always says his food speaks for itself. He just wants to meet you, is all.”
The student in question was offering a stipend of $50 a week for eight weeks—the money coming from their PhD sponsor—to twenty-five student couples who participated in the study. They would need to keep a daily log and answer some set questions, to be turned in every week. There was also a small disclaimer that none of the questions would be too intrusive.
Dean grinned. “Right, right, heading to the love shack. I forgot all about it. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
“We’ll figure it out. Whatever you need. I know you’re not ashamed of me, Cas. To come out to your parents without knowing how they’ll react is a big step, okay? You don’t need to suddenly be ready for that when they’ve dropped this surprise trip on you. So if you want time, then you don’t gotta tell them we’re dating. We can just be friends.” Dean promised.
“Should I set the table?”
Nothing hurts as much as that.
Dean stopped, steadying himself against the wall. “Castiel?”
Dean felt a hefty weight in his stomach, and he tried to push it down. So what if he didn’t want Castiel to go? It wasn’t about what
Even though he had to have been taken by surprise, Dean caught on quickly, responding to the light kiss. His lips were coaxing against Castiel’s, igniting a low flame and extinguishing it into a thousand butterflies of steam all at once. His hand snaked around Castiel’s waist, pulling them flush together even as their lips parted.
Benny folded his arms and glared. “Well shit, that makes it all better. I must have missed the part of the academy where they taught us an apology negates
“Oh, um…” Castiel trailed off and skimmed his eyes over the glossy page, eventually reading it. He froze, shoulders locking with tension. “I have to be honest, I’m a little confused. I agree the money would be great, but...”
“Oh, we’re back to Novak now?” Castiel interrupted, turning his face away from Dean to shield himself from the look on Dean’s face and to hide how much that stung. “Yeah, that sounds about right. Guard and inmate. I don’t know why you didn’t just hold me down and take what you wanted –”
“I’d like that. Can I bring anything? Or… pick something up inside?”
“Lemon,” Castiel replied. He shifted awkwardly at the misconception he could read on Dean’s face and felt an unnecessary urge to correct it, but felt doing so would give the wrong impression.
When the liquid was heated and nicely thickened and caramelised, Dean added the crêpes, deftly folding them into little triangles that were liberally coated in the sauce. They could have been served as they were, but Castiel’s arm was now knocking against his, and he was clearly expecting the theatrics of the flambé, so Dean obliged.
Dean was caught up in his thoughts, but not so caught up that he missed the sight of Castiel huddled up in a bus shelter. He pulled up at the side of the road and lowered the window, looking over at him.
“Not properly,” Dean disagreed. “Not really. You keep saying no, but you won’t tell me why.”
“So what’s the problem? That’s what you wanted, right? You wanted him to stop riling you up and getting you to call him sunshine every day.”
Castiel blinked and tentatively gestured to the seat opposite. “By all means. Mind if I eat?”
Castiel was already stalking towards his brother, and he heard rather than saw Dean get up and follow him. He felt a rush of affection for his best friend, even over all of the confusion and anxiety he was feeling. What was so urgent that Gabriel had just driven here and stormed into his classroom. Was it something to do with their parents?
write remarkable poetry while you struggle at both?” He added, dryly, feeling satisfied as Crowley flushed angrily and returned to his notes while his classmates chuckled with laughter.
“Happy birthday to me,” Dean smiled, pressing their foreheads together. “Would it be too much of me to ask for a second gift?”
Castiel sighed, long and loud. “It’s a rolling lease. If we take her up on the offer now, we’ll get a refund on some of this month’s rent and we’ll get to keep next month’s. We could actually salvage some of our savings.”
They’re silent until they get back to Castiel’s, and it’s a few whiskeys before their tongues loosen again. Dean realises belatedly that this is the first time they’ve gotten drunk together, and he raises his glass to new experiences.
“Good night,” Castiel replied, his cheeks pink.
. I don’t know how you haven’t scared him off yet but the fact that you haven’t should speak volumes. He’s gonna be there, Dean.”
Castiel glanced over the menu with a raised eyebrow. As the most renowned food critic in the Midwest, he’d seen his fair share of extravagant menus. Some of them had delivered on it, others had not. This one was promising, and he had high hopes it would deliver the absolute perfection he had come to anticipate in his line of work.
In less than a second, Castiel’s eyes darkened in fury, but he managed to keep his composure. He grabbed his pen and wrote a quick note, handing it to Alex. “Sorry to cut this meeting short. Please go and see the Department Chair and have him fill out the required paperwork for your extra credit. Give him that note and explain I’ll stop by later. Thank you, Alex.”
Castiel hesitated, out of sorts with the uncharacteristic civility between them. A light flush appeared behind Dean’s freckles as he watched, and Castiel felt himself blushing too. He opened his mouth to apologise for everything that had happened between them, but the moment was over as the next class began to file in.
Castiel made an ‘ah’ face of understanding. “Still, you seem very close. You’re great with her.”
Dean’s head snapped around to look at her and he stalked to the door, eyes narrowed as he looked over at table twelve. There was no doubt about it, that was absolutely Castiel Novak. He pursed his lips, thinking.
Dean laughed, shaking his head as his hands came up to cradle Castiel’s face, thumbs sweeping over his cheekbone with a gentleness that Castiel had come to know and adore. “Because this one is for you.”
“I don’t make the rules.” That was a lie, and they both knew it. “Come on. You know what to say.”
“Hello.” Castiel replied. He looked thoroughly miserable, soaked from head to toe. It reminded Dean of their first meeting and his heart broke all over again.
“I’m sorry,” he rasped. “I didn’t mean to. I… I’m sorry.”
Castiel stood in the shade of the oak tree, squinting in the darkness. “Dean?” he called out. “Are you here?”
“I can’t.” The sheen of tears disguised the flicker of pain on Benny’s face, but as Dean blinked the moisture back, he knew the resignation he found there instead would haunt him for a considerable amount of time.
Dean just hung up, rubbing his palms over his face, feeling the metallic scratch of his wedding ring against his face. It left a bitter taste in his mouth. He was tired of Castiel never being home. It hadn’t been like that at the start. If Dean was honest, he knew what the problem was. He just couldn’t fix it.
Dean whirled around, blowing air out of his nostrils. “Don’t tell me to calm down, Sammy, I will kick your ass.”
“I was born in Lawrence Memorial, on January 24
Dean drops the photograph. “Cas,” he chokes out, tears swimming in his eyes. “Cas, fuck… look.” He doesn’t know how to react, how to feel with the wave after wave of relief and happiness and regret washing over him.
“Castiel, you cannot stay here—” His mother began desperately, but Castiel cut her off.
He was concerned when Castiel pulled away and made his way into the bathroom, locking the door behind him. Dean had never seen him like this before, not even during finals week and he was usually pretty bad during finals week. This was really getting to him and Dean didn’t know how to make it all better.
Castiel finished his tea and told himself that he wasn’t allowed to be surprised or disappointed that Dean hadn’t attempted to get his phone number.
“Special of the day. A flourless dark chocolate cake, filled with pistachio cream and honey streusel topping. Glad to see you’re looking better.”
Dean managed a small smile. “I don’t know if I can do this, Cas. I’m freaking out and we’re still on the damn ground.”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “We don’t,” he said reluctantly. “But that bug you got is going around. Benny got a load of it too, I made this soup for him, but I had enough left for you too.”
“Excuse me,” he began, startling when he saw that Dean was standing at the front of the classroom and he let out a long-suffering sigh. “Professor Winchester. I was wondering if I might have a word.”
Castiel dug his heels in, refusing to be coerced towards the sketchy-looking store front. He didn’t know why Dean had gotten it into his head that he wanted to try and go to a witchy-wicca-hybrid store, but Castiel wasn’t getting involved.
“Thanks, Gabriel,” he sighed. “That helped.”
The afternoon was productive. Castiel managed to finish up the entirety of the senior years papers on Tess of the d’Urbervilles and even take an impromptu meeting with a student looking to discuss extra credit. Castiel liked Alex, she worked hard despite her dyslexia and was more than happy to give her extra credit.
“Open your eyes, Dean.”
“Thanks, mom,” he breathed, hurrying to get his keys. He’d need to hurry if he was going to pack and get to the airport in time to catch the flight.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. “So, how long have you, uh, you know. Been back in town? Or is this just a brief visit?”
When Castiel pushed open the door to Morning Sunshine on Thursday afternoon, he was surprised to see Dean already behind the counter, smiling expectantly.
In the relative safety of his home, Dean leaned against the front door and just breathed. It felt like a month had gone by since Benny left, yet it had barely been more than a couple of hours. Inviting Castiel over tonight felt reckless and disrespectful, but Dean had never been particularly strong when it came to keeping Castiel at arm’s length.
“Okay,” Dean began slowly, pulling back and taking Castiel’s hands. “What would you like me to do? Are you… what do they know?”
He stepped forward. “I’m sorry I was such an ass. I didn’t really want you to go.”
“Last one,” she tells him. “I’m cutting you off.”
Dean’s face lit up like a Christmas tree and he jumped to his feet. “That’s great, Cas! I’ll call the number on the flyer first thing tomorrow and find out about the application process. See, this is why I love you. You’re the best, man.”
“This won’t change anything,” Dean promised.
“I- I’m scared of flying,” Dean ground out, fingers biting into the armrest. “Please, is Castiel available for just a moment? He’s my husband…” He trailed off weakly, a sheepish expression on his face. God, he was pathetic.
“We can pick it up later,” Dean soothed. “Come on.”
He felt his pulse slow, his breathing regulating over the next minute, and then the door opened to reveal Dean standing behind it, chest heaving like he’d ran a marathon.
“Your brother,” Dean repeated.
paying for a space,” Dean bellowed. “I’ve been here three weeks, dude, I took over for Bobby Singer, but he never officially cancelled his reserved stall so there’s been a delay in assigning me his old one. I got a list of available spaces to park in temporarily and 108 is where I was told to park in on Mondays, because you’re not scheduled in. I stuck a sign in my back window with my number so if anyone got here, they could call me and I’d move. But I guess you figured you’d be a dick instead, huh?”
Dean’s silent for a long moment. “I always knew. My mom told me from the beginning that it was unusual, that I was special and different from Sammy. I don’t think I realised how different it was… how different
The rest was history.
And it all happened beneath the old oak tree.
“I’m fine,” Castiel forced his eyes to open and his gaze fell on Dean, concern etched onto his face. Concern that Castiel didn’t deserve after he’d been so rude. “Thank you, I… I was sick. I’m on the mend, I’m still a little drained and I guess the walk here took too much out of me.”
“Why am I on the streets?” Castiel finished for him. “I guess I’m a little paranoid that he’ll track me down. I checked into a hotel the night I left him, and he found me. I climbed down the fire escape. I want more than anything to go back to work. To get my own place and be free again. The restaurant is the first place he’ll look for me. It’s not safe to go back.”
Castiel gave him a blank stare. “Should that mean something to me?” He asked, bluntly. “I’m very busy, Professor Winchester, so if you could come to the point?”
Castiel hums distractedly, before leaning over for a look. “That’s my tenth birthday. Gabriel took me to the carnival. We had lot of cotton candy and then went on the big rollercoaster and I threw up everywhere. My mom was so mad, but we had so much fun.” He smiles, wistfully.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel replied softly. “I didn’t mean to startle you.” He looked more human out here, his shoulders slumped and patches of his face shrouded in shadow where the streetlamps failed to reach.
The ride home was quiet, both deep in contemplation. Castiel was antsy, half wanting to throw the small package out the window but also a little curious in himself. When they pulled up at their small apartment, Castiel was jolted out of his thoughts by Dean’s fingers entwining with his.
“Is Dean in the back?”
Castiel didn’t reply. No, he didn’t have a death wish and he was going to have to find a way to square things with Crowley once this was done. He’d painted a target on his back, but he’d done so for a reason. Ultimately, Castiel didn’t have a plan for when they let him out of solitary – otherwise known in these parts as White Wings. Castiel didn’t know where the name came from, nor did he care. Maybe it was because both solitary confinement and the hospital ward stretched out from the main prison building at an angle, almost like wings.
He abandoned all thoughts of ice cream in favour of just getting the hell out of the store. The evening air was welcome, and even in his lightweight button down and t-shirt combination, he felt stifled. Leaning against the hood of his car, he tilted his face up to the sky and tried to get his emotions under control. He just needed a minute.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “You wouldn’t be eating at all if I hadn’t insisted, so don’t give me that crap. I get it, this exam is important to you. I want you to pass it. Your ten-year plan means we can’t get married until you pass the bar, so there’s nobody who wants you to succeed more than I do. But you’re gonna make yourself ill with this lifestyle. It’s Sunday now, and the bar exam starts on Tuesday. You need to make sure you’re fully rested and healthy.”
The weekend had passed again before Castiel felt he was fully recovered and could once again venture out into public.
“Charlie can manage the shop for ten minutes or so,” Dean interrupted, already pulling on his jacket. “Come on.”
“You know I will. As long as you need me to.”
Dean was lost for words. His face was burning with embarrassment, but he couldn’t feel bad when Castiel was standing there, looking gorgeous with an emerald green bow tie and an expensive tailored suit, staring at him with love and adoration. He leaned into the touch when Castiel raised a hand to cup Dean’s cheek.
Dean made his way to bed after completing his nightly rituals, but shortly after he’d slid under the covers, his stomach rumbled. His thoughts wandered longingly towards the beef and broccoli he’d abandoned earlier, and the more he thought about it, the more he wanted a snack.
Castiel waited.
“I’m good, brother, Andrea’s gonna get her brother to pick me up, we’re headin’ up her cabin for the weekend.”
“Cas, it’s me. Can I come in? I want to talk.”
Dean decided not to point out that was his house because it was clear that Castiel had instantly forgotten him, lost in the methodical task of designing a dish. Dean stuck around and watched as Castiel began gathering ingredients together, humming softly.
“That’s my wife you’re makin’ insinuations about, Winchester, don’t make me teach you some manners!” Benny called after him, but Dean just snorted and waved him off. He knew Benny didn’t mean it. That was the best thing about their partnership. They were friends too. When Andrea and Benny eventually conceived, Dean would be godfather. Benny was like a brother to him as much as Sam was.
Alex was rudely interrupted when Castiel’s office door burst open, and Dean Winchester walked in with a stormy expression in his face. He strode up to the desk and pointed at Castiel.
“Right. So are we cool?”
Tessa raises an eyebrow. “Oh, Castiel doesn’t stay with you. You push him away, drinking more and more often to block out the pain. He tries to stick it out, but eventually leaves you when you forget your daughter’s fifth birthday party.”
“Castiel Novak. That you?”
Gabriel let out a scornful laugh, harsh and broken. “Yes, they do. I’m the black sheep of the family. You’re the only son they’re proud of.”
“Meg. Yeah, you two were always close.” Dean nodded, averting his gaze. “Mine’s Benny. He went back to Louisiana in junior year of high school. He didn’t ever believe in that soulmate crap anyway. Least my dad has to accept my soulmate is a guy now. Nothing he can do about that.”
Dean sighed and wrapped his free arm around Castiel. “I’m sorry too. I shouldn’t have yelled at you when you were trying to help. Here, I picked us up some sushi, and before you get anxious about spending money we don’t have on takeout, I, uh, actually just got a second job.”
Grumbling, Dean got up to go and dig out the takeout menu and hid his smile as he dialled the number. Tomorrow they’d make a plan but for tonight, they’d eat pizza and cuddle. Castiel and his ten-year-plan would be fine. Dean would make sure of it.
Trying to quash the rising tide of panic that threatened to overwhelm him, Castiel ignored both his teacher and principal screaming at him that he would be suspended if he left the classroom. Instead, he just focused on following his brother out to the parking lot, having to almost run to keep up with Gabriel.
Briefcase clutched in his other hand, Castiel hip-checked the door to the Continental shut, hurrying into the building to seek warmth. It was destined for snow in the next week or two, that was obvious. Making his way through the winding hallways, Castiel stopped just before he reached his office, sticking his head into Balthazar’s office. Balthazar was the Department Chair, so he only taught two classes this semester.
“By talking to me. Or showing any interest in me besides my appearance. It’s a little shallow.”
He didn’t bother with plates, just handed Castiel a knife and fork and gestured to the pan. He didn’t watch Castiel take the first bite, cutting into his own crêpe, but he did look up when he heard the sigh.
By six, Castiel had forgotten all about his earlier annoyance. His afternoon lectures had gone quite well, his TA was handling the senior year pop quizzes, and he’d gotten a good start on his marking. He loved working at this time of day. His office was warm and snug, despite the November chill, and he had the beautiful sounds of Vivaldi’s Four Seasons serenading him as he worked.
. Is that bitter?” He sighs, suddenly looking very weary. “I dunno, it just really got to me today.”
Castiel laughed, stepping forward and touching Dean’s cheek, gazing into his eyes. “I can’t even tell you how sweet that is. You’re the most thoughtful boyfriend in the world. I’m not ace, Dean.”
“Lucky for you, I haven’t started yet. Where are you? I’ll come and get you.”
, Castiel had replied when his tongue had remembered how to speak.
Charlie just rolled her eyes and swept back into the dining room, as Dean called for service on table twenty-one.
It seemed that even love could not conquer a class divide.
“No,” Castiel replied flatly. “Not any more.”
kick you out of this apartment, Dean, I swear by all that is Holy! You better hope Mary can put you up for the night because if I fail the bar exam solely because you couldn’t show the slightest consideration and I have to wait ‘til February to take it again, they will never find your body–”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “You were a chef? Of what, your own restaurant?”
Anguish twisted Castiel’s stomach into knots. He stared down at the flyer, already beginning to relent. He could refuse Dean nothing, even at the expense of his own misery. He could tell Dean hated the idea of taking extra shifts and possibly allowing his classwork to suffer for it.
Castiel tried his best to look sympathetic but he knew he was failing miserably. He’d already given his opinion, that asking a colleague out on a date was a terrible idea when you worked so closely with them. Yet Balthazar had ignored his advice and asked Anna out anyway.
“Why don’t you tell me?” Dean challenged.
“You asked what I wanted for breakfast tomorrow.
me. I can’t do it anymore. I just came to say goodbye.”
black and white cookies.”
A strange look passed over Dean’s face as his gaze drifted from Castiel to Gabriel and back again. “Coming right up,” he said at last. “Do you want lemon or milk with your Earl Grey?”
“Hello. You must be my new roommate. I’m Castiel.”
Castiel was feeling a little more relaxed after two amazing courses and the same number glasses of wine. He was sated, not too full. There was still room for a little something sweet, although he wasn’t sure he’d be able to manage the full thing. And yet, he would be insane to turn down the offer of a dessert cooked by the head chef. Dean Winchester certainly knew his trade, creator of all  dishes included on the menu, so to have something solely cooked by him was a privilege few were afforded.
“Hey, Benny,” Castiel greeted. The upside of being a regular meant that he was familiar with pretty much all of the rotating staff at Morning Sunshine.
“Five minutes, huh?” Dean comments, draining the glass in one and gesturing for another. “You excited?”
Castiel didn’t reply, and Dean sighed. This wasn’t exactly how he was expecting his moment of kindness to go.
“That would be great,” the man sighed, obviously relieved that he wouldn’t have to wait until the next day to retrieve his phone from all the way across town. “So I just head to the Literature department and I’ll find your office?”
Since it would be rude to do anything else, Castiel dug in. It was probably rude not to savour the textures, the subtlety of the herbs and spices that Dean had someone managed to balance perfectly, but Castiel was suddenly aware more than anything that he was starving. Saltines simply weren’t cutting it, and the reintroduction of something flavourful into his system had him falling upon this soup like it was his first meal in weeks.
“Yeah, well we can’t roll back the clock, no matter how much we want to.” It took all of Dean’s strength not to let his voice crack, and he still couldn’t make himself turn around and face Castiel.
Castiel could feel Dean’s eyes on him as he eventually broke the silence. “About the way they treated him.” It wasn’t a question.
The flight attendant looked uncertain, but gave a cautious nod. “Oh, he didn’t mention you’d be travelling with us. I’ll see if he’s free.”
He turned to see Dean in his tuxedo, looking uncharacteristically nervous. His tie was all askew, no doubt from where he’d been tugging on it all morning. Castiel sighed in mock-exasperation and reached out to fix it for him.
“Table twelve?” He called out when Castiel’s table came up. “Pigeon! Now, please!”
As Castiel turned to face his boyfriend, the greeting he was forming died on his lips and he found himself reaching for his sketchbook.
“I… I can’t say I’m sorry,” Castiel shakes his head, averting his eyes. “Because I’m not. I’ve felt like this from the moment we met. We might not be soulmates, Dean, but there’s nobody else out there that I could love more than I love you.”
He ate spoonful after spoonful until the bowl was empty, the bread long since devoured. Castiel set the utensil down and drained the last of his tea. He felt more human than he had in days.
When they broke apart, he was staring at Castiel with awe and a little bit of heat. Slowly, Castiel’s hands unknotted from his hair and he cleared his throat.
It was empathy that overpowered his common sense as he reached out, grasping the man on the shoulder.
Castiel jabbed Dean with a pair of chopsticks. “It’s not gross. Besides, it’s better than drowning everything in soy sauce. It’s too salty.”
“Dean.”
Castiel felt a lump rise in his throat, tears stinging his eyes. “She died. Overdosed at a frat party in freshman year. Yours?” He didn’t even try to disguise who he was talking about. Dean would know.
He withdrew and began to close the door.
Dean inclined his head. “I used honey instead of sugar. I stumbled on your collection when I was looking for a glass. At first I thought you might just be really unhealthy, but then I thought maybe you just preferred to sweeten things with honey instead of sugar.”
“I got it,” he told Castiel in a tone that brooked no argument.
“No,” Dean admitted, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “I guess I’m not. I’ll see you in a few minutes?”
“Cool?”
Castiel could admit that he liked that far more than he should, on a purely platonic level, of course.
“I don’t know.” Castiel stood, wringing his hands together with his eyes fixed on the space between them. “I just know that it felt wrong to let you leave. I’ve thought about you so often since I left.”
“That would be nice.” Castiel smiled, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. “I don’t know anyone here yet so I’d like it if we could be friends. Would you like a hand with moving the rest of your stuff?”
Castiel waved him off. “And that’s not even going into the ways you took care of me when I was studying for my bar exam,” he finished.
“No! We’d love to have you, wouldn’t we, sproglet? Do you think Mr. Cas should come with us to see the bakery?”
I’m overqualified. I don’t want to make a career out of flipping burgers six days a week, I just want a means of paying my half of the bills while I go to law school.”
“The apartment is perfect, though,” Castiel sighed. “I’m never going to find one as good for the same price.”
Dean cut him off. “I’m gonna lose a couple of toes in a second, can you buzz me in and yell at me inside? It’s freezing.”
“I attribute that entirely to your soup. Thank you for taking care of me.” Castiel smiled.
“It’s better,” Charlie promised him, excusing herself to check on her other tables.
Unlike before, Castiel smiled at his approach and greeted him softly, with familiarity. “Dean,” he smiled, peering at the plate in his hand. “That smells good.”
in a gown.”
Castiel was grateful that none of his lectures were too far away. The Applied Sciences building was just next door so he didn’t have a hefty trek. When Tuesday rolled around, he headed for Room 221, briefcase in hand as he prepared for his lesson on the Romantics. Most of his students usually waited inside the classroom for him, but today they were all waiting outside, looking confused.
Castiel shook his head, dutifully heading to the kitchen. He needed no direction. This had once been his home too. The brown paper bags were settled on the counter, and Dean wasted no time picking through them in an attempt to fill the awkward silence that had fallen upon them.
“Pasta? I didn’t think I had any pasta.”
“Cas,” Dean’s voice was warm and Castiel’s eyes crinkled at the sound. “We’re on our way back, you at the Bunker?”
“Here, let me take those,” Castiel’s hands tightened at the words. “I’m gonna put your jacket in the laundry and find somewhere to dry your boots. You head upstairs. The bathroom is the second door on the right. Put your clothes outside and I’ll leave you some fresh ones.”
“Of course,” Dean replied automatically. “I’m an early riser but I’ll try not to disturb you. Your room is all made up. Goodnight, Cas.”
He would never be Cas.
Castiel floundered, trying to find some excuse to argue with Dean, but he couldn’t and they both knew it. Nothing Dean had said was unreasonable, and they both knew it. Dean could pinpoint the exact moment he knew he’d won, when Castiel sighed and shuffled off towards the bathroom.
He tuned out all the instructions for how to burn the herbs, knowing Dean was paying close attention. Castiel couldn’t shake the feeling that this was a big mistake. That their relationship was going to suffer no matter the outcome. But he was equally as tired of Dean being constantly harassed by his family to look for his soulmate. If there was even a chance of putting an end to that, Castiel would take it. For Dean.
“Shit, I’m so sorry!” The man hurried forward and knelt, picking up the scattered papers. There was no form of organising to his work, he just tried to get everything into a pile so it was off the dusty floor. Castiel sank back into his chair, knowing that he would spent at least an hour sorting that back into order. Great.
Dean leaned back in his seat and Castiel flushed as he realised he was telling Dean his business. “You do a perfect job with all that. I could never get the balance right if I tried to bake myself. I just know the kind of flavours I enjoy.” He changed topics rapidly. “I hear congratulations are in order, anyway. Your brother?”
Dean heaved his suitcase up the stairs, swiping at his brow. California wasn’t as hot as he’d expected, at least in the Bay Area. Still, the act of lugging most of his worldly possessions up the stairs of his new dorm room, his home for the next year, was hard work. To add insult to injury, Stanford didn’t provide air conditioning.
“Just like that?”
“Sure. Grab some ingredients. Anything but steak is fine with me. I’ll make anything you want.”
Dean’s mouth went dry, any comeback he might have summoned completely forgotten. “I’d like that.”
Castiel shrugged. “No, I’m here for good this time. My contract finished and I decided to come home. I’ve been back a month or so.”
Dean scoffed. “Then your love for me doesn’t give you the right to take back pie that was implied to me a gift for me.”
The distance Castiel was putting between them implied that he couldn’t see the same.
Castiel took the bag and began to sort through it, but when the rest of the words registered, he blinked up at Dean. “What?”
“I’m sorry.” Dean rasped, straightening his uniform. “You were right. I should have heard your side of things.”
“And this is supposed to change my mind? You starting a fight the second you don’t get your own way?”
“What’s going on?”
Castiel laughed. “You saw me two days ago.”
Nobody is really sure how the timers work. They’re etched into the skin from birth, small black digits on the wrist that count down until the moment that person meets their soulmate.
Nobody knew where he was. He’d told Castiel he’d been coming straight home from work but then he’d gotten that phone call –
The door closed and Castiel was plunged into darkness. The cell held nothing more than a lumpy mattress, a sink and a toilet. A small roll of toilet paper that was more like sandpaper than two-ply. Castiel didn’t care. He just settled on the thin mattress. Now it was just a matter of waiting. It wouldn’t be long.
He rose from the bed, bare feet padding against the hard, wooden floor as he explored Dean’s room. Normally he wouldn’t dream of being so invasive, of exploring Dean’s personal space, but he was intrigued now of his own influences. Peering into the closet, Castiel saw an inconspicuous looking box at the back. He reached out and picked it up, opening the lid. Immediately blanching, Castiel replaced the lid and pushed the box back where it had come from. So that was where Dean’s collection of
was – looking forward to having a family dinner. All of us together.”
He could let it go.
At least Dean looked as taken aback as he was with the abrupt introduction. Neither of them had clearly expected to be pushed into interacting so suddenly.
Castiel, who had been looking around the shop with suspicion, now focused his attention on the owner, noting the name badge that identified her as Charlie. She didn’t look like his idea of a charlatan, but then, if it was so easy to identify a finagler then nobody would ever be duped.
Dean sat down beside him, shrugging out of his leather jacket and draping it over Castiel’s shoulders. The warmth and familiar scent were a relief in the cool evening, and Castiel let more tears flow from his cheeks until there was nothing left to cry.
Benny let out a choking sound and glared at Dean, having caught the words on his way out of the kitchen. “You goddamn lyin’ son of a gun, you gave him my soup and said you never made any!”
“Alright,” he raised his voice, commanding the attention of his staff. "Last order of one sweetbreads, one pigeon? This is now the most important dish you will ever make in your life. There’s a food critic in the restaurant, Castiel Novak no less. If anyone screws this dish, they’ll be out on their ass. Get it?”
Dean swallowed and felt something unknot in his chest that he hadn’t even realised was there until he could breathe again. “What if I’m a bad husband?”
A beat, and then Castiel threw back his head in laughter. “You know, I was worried about the same thing. I came here to get your reassurance that
Dean didn’t reply. He didn’t have anything to say.
Right. The reason Castiel hadn’t seen Dean in nearly a year came flooding back and his eyes widened as he glanced backwards into the house, to make sure his parents hadn’t seen him. After their fight on Valentine's Day, after Dean had pushed him away, Castiel’s parents had vowed to have Dean arrested if he ever came near their family home again.
They laid still for a long time, until Castiel’s stomach growled loudly. It startled a laugh out of both of them and Dean tapped him on the nose. “Wanna get pizza? I’m buying.”
“What is it?”
Castiel breathed out but didn’t immediately reply. Dean was worried about his reaction, since he knew Castiel was struggling with being unable to help with the bills anyway. Still, the pressure was off now so Castiel could keep looking without the prospect of losing their apartment.
Fists grabbed the front of Castiel’s cravat, but the gesture was not an attack. Dean stared at him fiercely, and Castiel fell silent, knowing that this wasn’t some trick or play on Dean’s part. Something had happened, something that had brought Dean back to him after so long.
Dean laughed again and Castiel’s heart leapt at the sound. “Well in the case, can I interest you in blowing this joint and maybe accompanying me to dinner?”
Dean nodded again, relaxing his grip on the arm rest slightly. The weight in his chest felt lighter now, the knowledge that Castiel would always be there for him bringing clarity as it pushed away the fog in his head. So when his husband joined him again and buckled himself into the next seat, Dean reached out and clasped his hand tightly, not out of fear, but out of love.
He slid out bed silently, not wanting to disturb Cas. He’d probably have fallen asleep by now. Dean would just quickly slip downstairs and bring his food up to bed. Padding to the door, Dean cracked it open quietly and stepped out, immediately tripping over a squishy object.
“The money would be good,” he mumbled. “And it beats you coming home smelling of burger grease. I guess if we actually did the study properly, based it on our friendship, it wouldn’t exactly be skewing the results.” He finished carefully.
He wasn’t
storm into my office again and yell at me when I’m with a student, I’ll file a report with your Department Chair. Do you understand?”
Castiel nodded, reaching across the table and entwining his fingers with Dean’s. “What if I fail?” He asked quietly, his eyes staring down at the table.
If Castiel hadn’t been sitting, he would have almost certainly collapsed, his knees weak from the kiss. His head was swimming when Dean eventually withdrew, grazing his lips over Castiel’s one last time before pulling back completely.
Dean clenched his jaw and said nothing, just stared directly through Castiel as if he wasn’t even there.
Castiel flushed and got to his feet. Was it warm in here? It was definitely warm in here. Maybe he’d left the heat on. He knew he hadn’t, but was trying not to get too caught up in memories. Castiel pulled off his tie, opening a few of the buttons on his shirt and laying his jacket across the chair neatly. Dean and Sam were on their way back from hunting down a chimaera in Missouri, so it wasn’t unreasonable to assume that Dean would want him to sleep here tonight. They’d been parted for a few days and Dean was riding the high from a successful hunt. No doubt they’d end up right back in here shortly after he returned.
He paid no attention to the other half of the classroom, too caught up in his own teaching. If he had, he might have noticed the attention Dean was giving him, hanging onto every word Castiel said.
“I’m honoured,” Castiel replied dryly, twirling his own pasta around his fork expertly. “Thank you for this. For allowing me to cook for you, and for inviting me to spend the night in your guest room. Not everyone would be so accommodating, especially after I attacked you.”
He hid his grin when Castiel looked guilty and rose, dropping into Dean’s lap. Unable to help himself, Dean slid his arms around Castiel’s waist and pulled him close for a kiss. “If it’ll make you happy, babe, you can always eat the last of my tuna.”
There was a click as the door locking mechanism released, and Dean muttered his thanks as he shouldered his way inside. Castiel’s apartment was upstairs, so Dean took the steps three at a time, opening the apartment door without bothering to knock.
It wasn’t until he woke up later that evening that he realised he hadn’t even attempted to pay Dean for the tea or the soup.
“Hmm,” Castiel mused. “And your chefs? Do I have the honour of your personal culinary prowess today?”
“I don’t have a –” Dean cuts himself off and swallows, trying to process everything, and then feels his anger surge again. “What is this, a divine intervention? You think you can just scare me with this shit and then I’ll make better choices? Because if this is where I’m gonna end up, in a wheelchair for the rest of my life and no Cas, then consider my lesson learned.”
“You could have told me.” Castiel pulled his hands away from Dean and dried his eyes. “Instead you made me believe that this was all my fault.”
“I didn’t know you sold soup here,” Castiel blinked dumbly. His stomach rumbled but he held off from digging in.
Balthazar shrugged. “Not exactly. Oh, heavens, she’s coming this way. Excuse me.” He vanished before Castiel could say another word.
It might have been longer, but the atmosphere between them when they accidentally ran into each other in the house was stifling, and he didn’t manage to get a wink of sleep alone. It quickly became unbearable and eventually he approached a thoroughly desolate Castiel in the living room and embraced him.
“It’s cool. You don’t owe me an explanation, Cas.” The overwhelming need to just leave and remove himself from further humiliation was too much, and Dean cleared his throat. “Anyway, I better… good seeing you.”
Castiel scowled, refusing to be baited. “You know I love you. But I thought we agreed that we didn’t want to find out if we were soulmates. That the way we felt about each other was enough.”
Castiel sighed as he sipped his tea, the scent of warm spices and an unmistakeable rose undertone creating a satisfying sensation of bliss. This, this was what he needed. Three hours of grading college sophomore papers on Dickens might sound like sheer hell to some people, and they’d be right. For all he loved teaching Literature at KSU, it was clear some of the students had taken the wrong kind of tips of Dickens – who had been paid by the word – and used the most complex sentences for the most basic point. It was a little tedious at times.
Dean couldn’t manage any words. He simply nodded and looked back at the television. Normally he was always up for an Indiana Jones marathon but right now he didn’t think he could bear to look at Harrison Ford’s stupid fedora for a single second longer.
But instead of saying any of this aloud, he nodded and rolled up his sleeves. The crêpe batter was something he’d made a thousand times, so he just lost himself in the process. Sifting flour and salt, making a well in the centre for the eggs, adding milk once the mixture thickened. Next, he zested an orange and added it to the mixture, along with some sugar to sweeten it.
“I…” Dean trailed off as he realised he hadn’t prepared an answer. He’d been focusing on getting himself this far. “I’m here for
“Overqualified,” came the muffled reply. “I
He’d just finished pulling himself together when he heard Castiel’s car pull up outside. Forgoing the awkwardness of making him knock, Dean opened the door as Castiel reached it.
Castiel shook his head, feeling moisture threaten his eyes again but he was all cried out. He didn’t think he could talk about it, not even to his best friend. His parents taking their fury and bad moods out on his brother was too much to deal with right now. Gabriel was just about to finish up his senior year, and his GPA hadn’t quite met their parent’s standards.
“Well now, the owner would be mighty pleased to hear that. I’ll just go and get him.”
Castiel looked abashed and ducked his head, his bare feet shuffling on the floor. Taking pity on him, Dean kissed his forehead. “Go take a shower and I’ll heat you up some leftover lasagna. Then, it’s an hour of cuddling and watching mindless TV and that’s non-negotiable.” He gave Castiel a look when his mouth opened again. “You need to relax and watch some crappy TV and if you want to go back to studying after that, I won’t stop you.”
“Pour me one of those?”
“I only ask,” Dean cut him off, talking loudly. “Because you rushed out of there before I could introduce you to my friend, Charlie. Her girlfriend couldn’t make it today.”
true,” Castiel objected. “I did want him to stop hitting on me. I do believe his reasons were shallow.”
“I do,” Dean admitted honestly. “I want to try. But… slow, okay?”
Closing his eyes, Dean reached out to curve his hand around the back of Castiel’s neck, bringing him in closer and deepening the kiss. He’d never considered kissing Castiel before this moment, but now it was happening, Dean wondered how he could have overlooked this the whole time. It felt right. It felt the way that Castiel living with him did.
But Dean looked disheartened by the price so Castiel reluctantly handed over a couple of folded bills, already readjusting their bills for the month in his head. They should be fine, as long as he was frugal until his next pay check.
Seeing the server approach, Castiel set down his menu and picked up the wine list, glancing over it briefly. Since he’d be sampling mostly red meat that evening, he selected a nice Barolo to accompany his meal. He smiled politely at the server, a redheaded woman who had a slight pinch between her brows despite her perfect smile. Her eyes remained on Castiel’s face as she scrawled on her notebook, as if she was trying to place where she recognised him from.
He jumps at the voice and cracks his eyes open again, but the resulting head spin makes him nauseous and he closes them immediately.
“That’s not it, Cas. I didn’t stick around to hear your side of things, because I knew that if I did, I’d change my mind. I’m in love with you, asshole. When you’re not doing stupid things like attacking
Tessa is gone, but to the side, he sees Castiel and Sam, talking to one of the doctors. They haven’t noticed that he’s awake yet. Dean opens his mouth to speak, but his throat croaks quietly. Nobody even looks at him.
“He is?” All previous signs of tears disappeared as Claire cheered, bouncing on the spot as she looked around again, seeking any sign of her uncle. “Yay! That means I get lots of cake.”
Dean pulled him into a fierce hug. “You will. And if you don’t, that’s okay too. You can’t help how you feel, Cas. And I’m here for you no matter what.”
“Where this time?” Dean asked, wearily.
Castiel’s voice cracked and despite his own worries about their dwindling savings, Dean felt himself soften. “It’s not your fault. You’ll get a job. It didn’t have to be this one.”
“No, I won’t forget the Moose Tracks. Yes, I know you won’t eat anything else—”
“I’m so sorry,” Dean whispered, and there was a soft kiss pressed to his knuckles. “Sam was sick, we didn’t think he was going to make it through the winter. I had to, Cas. I’m so sorry. It was the worst choice I ever had to make.”
Dean scoffed. “Could’ve fooled me, Cas. You—”
Gritting his teeth, Castiel took a deep breath and counted backwards from three. “I see. Do you know if there’s any other classrooms free in the building that I might set up in?”
Waving a dismissive hand, Balthazar frowned impatiently. “Yes, yes, yes, don’t shit where you eat, I know.”
Dean laughed again, leaning in and nipping at Castiel’s lip. “You love me.”
Castiel peered at the small domed dessert with a curious expression, tilting his head curiously. Whatever it was lay on a crumb base, and had been covered in a bright blue mirror glaze.
Castiel’s father swore under his breath and opened the door wider. Castiel felt himself being tugged inside and he reached out blindly, hands finding Dean’s sleeve. He clung on tightly, refusing to let go, hauling Dean in with them.
“Very good. These are honey scones, filled with a whipped lemon ricotta, peach curd and dusted liberally with lavender sugar. I call it the Castiel,” Dean teased. “Like I said, I’m thinking about adding it to the menu, pending approval.”
Castiel tried not to understand the colours. He’d tried to explain it to countless doctors, numerous therapists, but nobody had ever been able to give him an explanation. Which, in Castiel’s eyes, made it a thing of beauty. Beauty was inexplicable, just like colours. Just like art.
“Castiel wants a dessert. He says, and I quote, ‘tell him to surprise me’.”
What truly cemented things for Castiel was completely unrelated to Morning Sunshine. The bell had long since rang, signalling the end of the school day. Castiel had helped his students with their hats and bags and seen them off safely into the hands of their parents.
Ever the gentleman, Dean insisted on seeing Castiel inside and making sure he was comfortable. Castiel now thoroughly felt the efforts of his excursion and crawled under his covers fully dressed, while Dean went to get him a glass of water.
It was somewhat different to synesthesia, where colours could be associated with people or objects. No, there was a certain amount of detached empathy in Castiel’s world spectrum. The letter ‘S’ didn’t come with an association of navy blue, nor any other colour for that matter. The colours were emotions.
“Why do you want to go out with me?” Castiel asked. “Why do you ask me every day, as if my answer will ever change?”
“Right. Sorry. You have my phone. From earlier.”
Dean stopped. “Why what?”
He slides into the car and buckles himself in. “So was it that your brother ditched you or
Castiel took the opportunity to close the distance between them in a single stride, capturing Dean’s lips in a tentative first kiss. It wasn’t exactly the gift he’d planned to give Dean that morning, but his heart had always truly belonged to Dean and it was more than time that he made that abundantly clear.
“Lies. They were pressed against me all night and they were anything but toasty. If I didn’t know better, I’d swear you refrigerate them before coming to bed.”
Castiel eyed him for a long moment and then nodded. “I’ll be right here next to you for take-off, okay? I’ll be back before you know it. Just take deep breaths.”
Dean cleared his throat and approached her. “Hi. My brother said you sell this… packet of herbs that you burn that helps you identify your soulmate?”
She waves her hand at the shattered dashboard of the Impala. Immediately, the hands of the clock begin to tick, faster and faster until they’re whirring at an impossible speed. Dean stared, transfixed, until -
“Cas,” Dean sighed, winding an arm around him. “Don’t worry about me. You just had a big shock, you know? You should process that.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow at the interruption, glancing around for the speaker amidst all the giggles. “Yes, Mr. Crowley, Byron was well known for his sexual proclivities. He also wrote poetry on occasion. Does it make you feel inadequate, knowing he was able to solicit such companionship
It didn’t feel like home anymore, like the warmth Castiel’s companionship had brought just upped and left when he did.
“You make that sound like it was an easy choice. It was my dream job or the love of my life. It tore me apart. I chose to take the job because I knew I’d regret it for the rest of my life if I didn’t.”
He spat in his palm and wrapped a hand around himself steadily, despite his trembling thighs. His cock pulsed in his hand, hot and heavy. A soft sound of want escaped him as he tightened his grip just a little and began rocking up into his hand. Castiel wasn’t trying to get himself off, Dean had told him not to come yet. This was just building the anticipation.
He’d fought through all of it.
It was over too quickly, whistles blowing and guards shoving their way into the fray. Castiel grinned, his teeth all bloody as he was pinned to the floor and handcuffed.
With a sigh, he rose from the couch and tossed his phone aside haphazardly. Cas knew where he was if something came up.
She smiles at him, like she knows something he doesn’t. She looks sort of familiar. “You’re welcome.”
“What’s this one?”
The chapped lips were warm and pleasant against his own, and it never failed to surprise him how soft Castiel’s mouth was, how inviting his kisses were.
The car ride back to Dean’s home was filled with an awkward tension. Dean turned the radio on but attempts to pry into Castiel’s music interests were met with dismissive shrugs. Instead, he flicked it back to his classic rock mixtape and let that play instead.
As he pulled open the door, Castiel’s heart skipped a beat as Dean stood before him. It had been almost a year since he’d last seen his childhood best friend and first love, and for a moment nothing but happiness enveloped him. He hadn’t changed much at all, really. Same green eyes, same countless freckles, same dirt smudges across his cheek—
“It’s
Dean noted the immediate tension wracked through Castiel’s body and the way his jaw clenched as he shook his head. He immediately wanted to know more about who lived in that house now. “No. I don’t have an address.” He closed his mouth and refused to say anything else, refused to answer any more questions and stood stiffly through a pat down. He didn’t speak again until he was bundled into the back seat of the car.
“Come to bed?”
Dean shrugged. “There’s plenty of hot water, and there should be clean towels in there already. Take as long as you like and use anything you need. There’s a spare razor in the cabinet if you’d like to shave. Come find me in the kitchen when you’re done.”
“I told them the truth,” Castiel admitted, eventually, his voice hoarse from crying. “They were going on about me wasting my time here and going on at me about how my brother threw his life away going to college and living in sin, and how I was always the good boy. So I told them their precious good boy was gay and dating his very male roommate.”
Dean didn’t say anything, which Castiel was grateful for. He didn’t want to talk yet. He just wanted time to make sense of everything that had happened. Castiel had no concept of how much time passed up there on that hill. He just felt Dean’s presence and clung to the support offered to him as the sun sank lower and lower in the sky.
“I was thinking of starting a fight club. Although I kinda broke the first rule now, so I guess I should give up on that idea.”
. I can’t even believe I’m hearing this. He had a knife, Dean. A knife! Nobody who carries a blade like that is carrying it for a good reason.”
He’d just gotten back to the kitchen from the basement and was perusing his cupboards when there was a cough behind him. Dean jumped, whirling around and hand automatically flying to where his gun would normally be. His heart thudded even as he registered it was Castiel, clean and with damp hair and freshly shaven. “Jesus, we need to get you a bell or something, Cas.”
Castiel leaned forward and inhaled deeply, trying to identify the various aromas that tickled his nose.
Castiel stared at him across the table and Dean could feel the weight of the calculating gaze. “Thank you,” he said eventually.
“No, it’s quite bitter. It’s a flower.”
Castiel’s breath hitched and he let out a soft whine, palming at his crotch again. “Dean–”
He’d give them both some time to calm down and think things through, and then maybe they could solve this like adults.
Technically, Dean was free to pursue someone else if he wanted to.
, as crazy as that was. But Castiel often came out of his reverie, three new colours in his sketchbook, to find Dean smiling at him.
Castiel’s smile widened, gummy and brilliant, and his eyes crinkled at the edges. “I can do slow,” he promised. “Can I still stay for the crêpes?”
He hated seeing the tan lines, the glow on Castiel’s face when he came home with pictures and memories that Dean would never be part of. It was driving a wedge in their relationship, and now Castiel was almost reluctant to return home at all, Dean wasn’t sure what else he could do.
Silence descended upon them, but neither of them felt obligated to break it. After years of friendship, they were used to companionable silences. They didn’t feel the need to force conversation. Just being in each other’s company was enough.
An enthusiastic redhead greeted him from behind the counter. “Good evening. Can I help you guys find anything?”
Her objection was lost as Dean’s eyes once again turned to him, surprise clouding his expression. “Don’t be an idiot, Cas. You’ll be killed if you stay here.”
Dean was the most beautiful shade of pink he’d ever seen. Not as dark as cerise or as bright as magenta or as pastel as candy floss. But somewhere in the middle and all three and it was breathtaking. But even amidst the new colour, Castiel could see the edges of Dean’s silhouette tinged with spring green.
A knock on the bedroom door startled Dean. He swiped at his eyes angrily, ridding himself of the tears he hadn’t even known he was shedding.
“Yeah, yeah.”
Dean shook his head, but Castiel knew he was just upset with the situation and how neither of them could think of a way to fix it. It wasn’t like he enjoyed being slammed face-first into his locker door every day.
Castiel is silent for a long moment. “
Dean blinked. He hadn’t been upstairs
Castiel dried his eyes angrily, stalking back and forth in front of the oak tree and trying desperately to find the rationality that he clung to most of his life. But in this moment, it seemed to have deserted him, leaving him twisted and overcome with petty jealousy.
He might have imagined it, but he thought Dean’s expression softened a little at the apology, even as he settled behind the wheel. “You weren’t rude, you were honest. The words might have been unkind, but that doesn’t mean they weren’t accurate. But for future reference, apologies can wait until you’re better. You don’t drag your ass into a place that sells food when you’re under the weather.”
Dean could feel the rage building up inside him at the injustice, the disgusting actions of someone who claimed to love the man sitting opposite him. This was abuse, pure and simple, and this douchebag of epic proportions belonged in a cell.
Dean kissed him on the forehead tenderly. “Me too.”
!” Castiel’s father thundered. “You’ve done your duty and informed us of the threat to our lives. We will take the appropriate action and you can be on your way. In the future, you would do well to remember yourself and treat my son with the respect he deserves.”
“No,” Dean assured him, smiling. “I’m just happy to see you.”
But he replays the words he’d overheard from his doctor, over and over in his head. He’ll never walk again. Never drive Baby. Never even get to take Castiel to bed again, not the way he used to, or carry him over the threshold on their wedding day.
He wasn’t sure if he moved first or if Castiel did, but suddenly they were kissing and his fists were curled around Castiel’s shoulders, bunching the fabric of his trenchcoat.
No response was given, save for the door slamming shut behind Dean as he stalked out of office as viciously as he’d entered.
Surprise colours Castiel’s tone, but it’s hidden under layers of affection. “
Castiel gave a polite smile and inclined his head. “Well, here I am. What opinion do you hold of the dishes I ordered?”
There was an intake of breath and the unmistakable sound of toiletries clattering into the sink, and then his new roommate emerged from the bathroom. Dean was surprised by how normal he looked, having expected the worst. The guy was of similar height to Dean, wearing regular sneakers, faded jeans and a plain t-shirt. His hair was dark and stuck up at all angles, and Dean spent a second wondering if it was artfully tousled or uncooperative bedhead.
It was art. Where all of these different ingredients might be shades of paint on a canvas, Dean had used them to create a masterpiece of the culinary kind. More than that, he’d done it out of Castiel’s favourite flavours. Dean had put all this together just for him.  Castiel’s eyes opened and he found his feet. Dean turned at the sound of his chair scraping, brow furrowing.
Dean rolled his eyes and slid his arm around Castiel. “So, I’m a jackass now? Gotta say, I’m starting to feel a little unloved here, Cas.”
Castiel jumped, his heart thudding in fright. He’d been so wrapped up in his tears that he hadn’t even heard the sound of his best friend arriving. Truth be told, Castiel hadn’t expected to be found here. He’d only stumbled upon this hill accidentally when the sidewalk had turned into grass and he’d lost track of where he was.
had been the last thing he’d made for Castiel before the bombshell had dropped about him moving away. To Dean, it represented the last moment of true happiness he’d felt, before it had all been ripped away from him.
“Wait, why do you feel love?” He asked, head tilting to the side in curiosity and with a glimmer of hope. They hadn't really expressed how serious this relationship was yet, but Castiel had fallen hard and fast from their very first date.
Castiel felt a flare of anger. Was Dean finding this funny? He straightened up. “You—,” he began heatedly.
“I’m gonna turn in,” Dean told him shortly after midnight. “Back at work tomorrow. Can I kiss you goodnight?”
Clearing his throat, Dean eventually met his eyes. “You don’t have to do that. I mean, it’s only another week or two until finals and I’m sure the pipes will be fixed by then.”
Dean returned the smile. “Always.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I know.”
Tessa smiles. She waves her hand to the side and Dean follows the movement to look at the clock. The hands speed up again and Dean sobs.
Castiel didn’t reply immediately, raising his eyebrow. He’d expected to be recognised before he left, but he hadn’t expected it to happen quite like this.
“No pastry today?” Castiel shook his head. He didn’t think anything rich or indulgent would help with the headache that had been pounding in his skull since Sunday morning.
Dean tossed the key he’d planned to give to Benny into the fire pit, and grabbed his car keys. Steak would leave a bitter taste in his mouth now, and he just wanted to spend the rest of the night wallowing. Starting with a whole quart of ice cream.
This was only their second week of living together, after being paired up in freshman year and sharing a dorm, they’d struck up a firm friendship. Castiel would say that unequivocally, Dean was his best friend and the most important person in his life. Therefore, it had only been a logical step that they would move in together now they were seeking external living arrangements, far away from the distractions of the student dorms. No parties, no screaming in the halls, no RA checking up on them constantly. Just Castiel and Dean. Alone. Together.
Castiel’s jaw clenched. He was attempting to be polite, and Dean was just shutting him down needlessly. “I see. Well, I hope we weren’t too much of an inconvenience. I will contact administration for next week.”
“Ah, yes. I’ll have the veal sweetbreads to start, followed by the roast pigeon.” Castiel handed his menu back over and leaned in. “Listen, I’d appreciate it if you didn’t mention that I was here. This is supposed to be an anonymous review, after all.”
Castiel fixed him with a long gaze and then eventually nodded. “Very well. I handed over the reins to my sous chef indefinitely.”
“I can, and I will. I never needed any of this to be happy. I just needed Dean.” His icy blue eyes turned on his father. “You interfered with that once before, but you will never do so again. Leave. Take my mother and never come back.”
“This is what you want? You’re not just rushing to be considerate or anything, right? You know you have an open invitation to stay here?”
“Please.”
Dean nodded curtly. “Wait here.” He disappeared and Castiel didn’t have the energy to see where he went. He just sipped his tea, feeling his strength slowly return thanks to the sugar Charlie had kindly added.
“Why isn’t the apartment available?”
make me happy. The tuna is just a bonus.”
“I know,” Dean breathed, burying his face in Castiel’s hair. “I forgive you. We don’t have to talk about it anymore.”
Castiel blinked in confusion, and then he registered Gabriel’s meaning. “Gabriel, what happened? You—you can’t just leave. They don’t hate you—"
Panic gripped him as he fumbled for any reason at all why he’d felt the need to run out of Dean’s birthday party. Anything that would stop Dean from hating him forever.
Sitting back on the bed, Castiel leaned back against one of the pillows and brought his bare feet up onto the covers, wiggling his toes as he made himself comfortable. Even though this was Dean’s room, he could still see the telltale signs of his own influence on the space. Aside from the clothes he had just removed, he could see some of his more casual clothes hanging in Dean’s closet. His FBI suit for when his own wasn’t smart enough. His book on the dresser, next to Dean’s Vonnegut novel.
Dean sighed as he climbed the stairs to their apartment. The elevator was broken
“I have to look after Sam now,” Dean broke the silence eventually, staring off into the distance. “Dad didn’t have a lot of money to leave us. I won’t be able to come with you to Georgetown, Cas.”
“—and he made me this big cake and it was so tall I couldn’t even see the top and it was strawberry because that’s my favourite. What’s your favourite, Mr. Cas?”
“Fuck.” Dean rasped, licking his lips.
The only sign that Charlie knew what had transpired between them was her hand slowing as she reached for the sugar. “Yeah, want me to get him?”
he wants a few more years with Castiel, even if it ends with Cas hating him –
He did. He really did. Castiel could imagine the look on Dean’s face if he surprised him by calling in on a weekend again, and he selfishly wanted that expression all to himself.
“Right,” Castiel’s voice came out harsher than intended. “Come on then.”
Dean’s expression cleared and he looked mildly interested, even excited. His eyes darted around, looking for something that Castiel might have hidden.
“You don’t have to do that. You’re the guest –”
“I was homeless when we met. I put all my faith into my ex-partner and our relationship and when it ended, I was left with nowhere to go. I didn’t want that to happen again. I love you, Dean, but I can’t risk ending up on the streets again.”
The profound nature of the words echoed around them in the silence, crackling with energy. For the first time since Castiel had arrived, their eyes met, charged with a tension that had always hung between them. They were teetering on the precipice of something huge, something that would change and define them.
Flushing, Castiel tore his eyes away from his brother and glared at a particularly annoying looking tree. “I
Castiel crouched so he was level with her, tapping her gently on the nose. “Of course not, honey. Jody called me at lunch and said something had come up at work. Your uncle is going to be picking you up today, he’s just running a little bit late.”
“As I was saying, some of you might have previously studied Byron in the past, perhaps one of his more famous works, ‘She Walks in Beauty’ for example?”
Dean stared at him. “And I suppose your ringtone is more of this shit?” He gestured vaguely, and Castiel knew it was a direct snub towards the current ambience that his classical music was creating. He scowled, rising once again and walked around his desk, plucking the phone off the surface and pressing it into Dean’s hand.
A curse, a crash, and then Balthazar appeared, opening his door properly. “Confound it all, Cassie, can’t a man avoid his responsibilities without you appearing and distracting me?”
“Read it later,” Castiel mumbled, sliding a hand under the covers and thoroughly capturing Dean’s attention. “Sex now.”
“It’s knockin’ off time. You know, the time I go home to my beautiful wife and you go to the hospital.” Benny told him pointedly. “Novak will spend a night in the cells and he’ll be processed in the morning. You can give your statement tomorrow.”
Castiel Novak exchanged equally distressed looks with his parents, before abandoning his dinner to answer the insistent knocking. He stopped their housekeeper, Ellen, as she made for the door, instead sending her back to her duties in the kitchen.
Dean’s head tilted down and rested on Castiel’s shoulder, a flare of warmth in the cold, cruel world they lived in.
“Stop that.” Castiel wanted to take hold of Dean by the shoulders and shake him, to rattle him until he saw signs of the boy he’d fallen in love with. This cold man before him, this angry person was not the kind-hearted boy he’d grown up with. “Stop that, Dean. There have never been titles between us.”
“Dean, both of us are single. This doesn’t apply to us.”
It was almost a relief, once he closed the door. Castiel’s presence clouded his judgement, left him unable to think. Dean drove away, pointedly not looking at Castiel in his mirrors as he did so.
Dean wondered. He couldn’t have known it, from looking at Castiel. He looked exactly the same.
“Now that would be a compliment,” Dean smiled, turning to head back to the counter as Castiel leaned forward and took a bite.
Castiel looked at Dean, observing his beautiful green eyes. His freckles. The dirt smudges that were still smeared across his cheek. “Yes,” he said eventually. “But it’s right here.”
“I’m gonna move him on, he can’t stay out here in this. He’s not even under shelter.”
“You stopped,” Castiel finished for him. His interest was piqued, and he shifted along their threadbare, second-hand couch, patting the cushion next to him. “What were these flyers?”
Claire shrieked with laughter. “You can’t eat flowers, silly Mr. Cas, you’re supposed to look at them. Isn’t he silly, Uncle Dean?”
He crawled onto the bed and opened his arms, pulling Castiel to him. It opened the floodgates and then Castiel was grasping onto him and sobbing into his chest. He wept for a long time, and all Dean could do was let him, pressing soft kisses into his hair and holding him close. Seeing his boyfriend like this both made his heart ache and filled him with a murderous rage. Nobody should hurt Castiel like this.
“The sweetbreads, absolutely,” Dean admitted, stroking his chin as he thought about it. They were one of his bestsellers. “The pigeon is good but I think I would have suggested the turbot. The jus gras is to die for. Purely a matter of personal preference, of course.”
“Then… sure. We can give it a go and see if we get picked.” Castiel gave a tight nod.
Of course he was sure about his place in Dean’s life. It was just something entirely different to see proof of it.
“Everyone has someone.”
“I do,” Castiel admitted, patting his mouth clumsily with a napkin. “Natural sweetness like fresh fruit and honey is the perfect level for me. I always think they uplift more bitter flavours, like lavender or dark chocolate.”
“Thanks. Always knew Sammy would make it. I never had what it takes for college myself, so I never worried about it. We didn’t have much growing up, but I knew I’d find the money for him to go no matter what. Of course, he made that pointless by getting a full ride.”
Castiel shook his head. “We have a delivery coming at the restaurant and I need to showcase the seasonal menu. What about Wednesday.”
“Yes,” Claire said decidedly. “We’ll make Mr. Cas a strawberry cake.”
Castiel frowned and reached into his pocket, pulling out his schedule. There was no doubt about it, it said 221. Which meant either the person inside was in the wrong room, or they’d been double booked. He knocked on the door, opening it and sticking his head inside.
Dean had the key on a cheesy heart chain, pink and tawdry, but he knew Benny would get a kick out of it.
Of course, flipping the phone answered the call, so now Castiel was uncomfortably holding a phone while hearing a muffled voice call out in greeting.
But Dean couldn’t do that to himself. It wouldn’t be right. It wouldn’t be healthy, and it certainly wouldn’t be fair to either of them. Committing to something here would be a promise, a promise that he wasn’t sure he was ready to make.
Dean turned away, couldn’t bear to see the honesty reflected back at him. It was easier to accept that Cas had chosen to leave him behind if he got to blame him for it.
At the front of the classroom, Dean folded his arms, his expression defiant and his tone one of forced politeness. “Absolutely, Professor Novak. Go right ahead.”
Benny folded his arms, pursing his lips at the terrible impression of his accent. “And I stand by that assessment but that don’t mean I wanted to chill my ‘Bayou bones’ to the core while I’m on duty. If anythin’ this is your fault, Mr. I-Don’t-Want-To-Leave-My-Precious-Car-On-The-Street-So-Let’s-Walk-From-Here. Now we have to trek back to the damn car in torrential downpour.”
A soft smile on his face, Dean left him to it, heading up to make up the guest bed. He should feel wary about leaving Castiel alone in his kitchen with access to an abundance of knives, but he didn’t. Even without the gun in his waistband, Dean knew he had nothing to fear. That Castiel wasn’t the type of person to hurt someone on purpose. The knife thing had been an accident, nothing more.
Dean just stared into the dark liquid for a long time, biting his lip. “I don’t know what to do, mom,” he whispered eventually.
wanted. They’d always said this was temporary. Besides, he’d still get to see Castiel, it wasn’t like they’d be strangers. They just wouldn’t be living under the same roof anymore.
“Exactly. His
“Well I didn’t put it
Dean’s face lost what little colour it had left. “You think I’m shallow?”
Silence. It went on so long that Dean wasn’t sure if they’d lost connection or if Castiel had hung up on him. When he spoke again, Castiel’s tone was wary, placating. “You know my job requires me to be flexible with my hours.”
“I’m right here,” Dean replied, clutching at his chest and pretending to be wounded. “C’mon, Cas, just give me your phone number. We’ll go out once and if you don’t have a good time, I’ll never ask you again.”
A matching glimmer of hope in Dean’s eyes showed him he was on the right track, but the smile tugging at Dean’s lips implied that wasn’t the right question he should be asking.
Still, it was only for a few years. They would both get through grad school and then he could pursue his career goals. Then the only car he would ever have to fix up was his Impala.
“No,” Castiel said gently. “I don’t. I’m sure you’re a lovely person, Dean. I’m just not interested in dating you and that’s not likely to change any time soon.”
“But you’re not going to,” Dean finished his sentence, disapprovingly. “Get in the car. You can stay at my place for tonight. We’ll get you set up in the shelter tomorrow.”
Dean swiped at his own eyes, taking Castiel’s hands again, refusing to give up now that everything was out in the open. “It was the only way you’d believe me. The only way you’d let it go.”
“Nowhere else to go? Nobody you can turn to?”
Dean shook his head. “I thought about that already. I can’t uproot Sam from his life, not when he already lost my dad. He has friends here, he’ll need them. I gotta think about Sam. Maybe college is something I can look at in the future. I… I guess it just sucks that it’s not something I get to experience with you.”
“I told you, I did that because I didn’t want to move in with my mom–”
Castiel shook his head. “Not for another hour. I wasn’t going to get on it anyway. The shelter is full. No beds. The nice redheaded woman at reception called for me. I told her I’d crash with a friend.”
“I followed you from school. I tried to call out, but you didn’t hear me. I guess I was too far away.” Dean shifted awkwardly. “You should tell someone, you know.”
No words greeted him, but there was the sound of a stifled sob that answered his question.
Fists balled in the front of his shirt and his back impacted with the wall hard enough to make his teeth rattle in his skull. Dean’s face was so close to his, close enough to kiss, but Castiel didn’t lean in. He just kept his eyes averted, refusing to look into the green eyes that would undo his resolve.
“Unfortunately for our guests. I’ll have you know I look
“I was surprised to see you,” he murmured to Dean. “I didn’t realise you had another sibling?”
Dean smiled. “I’m not going anywhere. You?”
Castiel shook his head. “I think we should. It wasn’t just the lying that hurt you, Dean. I could see how much it affected you that I made an escape plan. I’d like to talk about that with you. I really think we should discuss it.”
Before Dean could react, Castiel had guided them both inside the shop. It was surprisingly warm inside, for a cold night, and it smelled strongly of herbs. Spots of light danced along the ceiling, as the low candlelight reflected in the hanging crystals that swung in the breeze. The outside had looked dingy and in need of repair, so Castiel was surprised by how clean it was inside.
“I’ll just get your wine for you, sir, and be back to take your order.” She disappeared for a few moments, leaving Castiel to glance around the restaurant.
“I don’t drink coffee,” Castiel replied matter-of-factly. He felt awkward, refusing the obvious gesture on Dean’s part, but he didn’t want to lie and take the coffee when maybe someone in Dean’s faculty would appreciate it more. Recognising that his words could seem as a dismissal, he opened his mouth to clarify, but Dean cut him off.
He took his seat, trying to calm himself down and ignore his clammy skin and sweaty palms. The flight was by no means full, the seat next to him thankfully remaining free once everyone was on board. At least he’d have to deal with one less passenger staring at him when he inevitably passed out.
“It would be if I were pressing charges,” Dean replied conversationally, setting the coffees down. “That one has milk, that one has sugar. I’ll take whichever you don’t.”
Through sleepy eyes, Castiel saw Dean hesitate by his bedside, as if he wanted to say or do something. He thought he felt the ghost of a hand carding through his hair, and then his eyes were too heavy to stay open any longer.
“Oh. Congratulations?”
Dean crouched, the light illuminating startling blue eyes that were staring flatly at the wall, tears mingling with raindrops. Against his common sense, Dean felt his heart soften for the poor soul that had found himself in such an awful position. When he’d grown up, Dean had Sam and the Impala. He’d never been truly homeless and he’d never been so alone that he’d had nobody to turn to.
“Yes, I—” Castiel paused and actually gave that scenario some thought. “No, I wouldn’t. I’d have probably given him my number. You’re right.”
“Hey! Did you order food?”
Dean took in a shaky breath and gathered all that remained of his strength. That was something he could understand.
Castiel stared down into the bowl and his heart lurched in his chest. “Thank you,” he whispered, not finding the words to express how grateful he was for Dean’s kindness.
“No bus due?”
Dean shrugged. “I mean, look at the requirements. Both partners must be over 18 and been in a committed relationship for a minimum of six months. Cohabiting preferred.”
A freshman student to Castiel’s junior, Dean was actually the same age as Castiel. He’d started late, due to the loss of his parents forcing him to abandon his dreams of college in favour of raising his younger brother. A scholarship had put Dean’s dreams back on track now Sam was applying for colleges himself.
Dean realised, and the deep fractures that Castiel had left in his heart were momentarily replaced by new ones, cracks and chasms that belonged entirely to Benny.
He turned to dry the dishes and turned back at a slight cough and an embarrassed mutter from Castiel. “What was that?”
“What’s wrong?” he asked gently. “What can I do?”
“No harm done. Excuse me, I… I think I need to get some air. I’ll find you later?”
Castiel moved closer, leaning against the bench and watching every motion, as Dean methodically zested another orange and juiced both. The zest and juice went into a new pan with a pat of melted butter, along with a little more sugar and a generous measure of brandy. Dean usually preferred to use Grand Marnier, but he had none on hand and this wasn’t the first time he’d made it with brandy.
Castiel straightened hurriedly. “No, there’s no need to bother him, really...”
Dean shrugged. “You didn’t answer my texts, so I stopped by your place. Gabriel told me your parents had been fighting with him again, and I guessed you’d be here.” He hesitated. “You want to talk about it?”
“How was the dessert?” He asked sheepishly. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to get my smooth talk on and be unprofessional. I just couldn’t help it, you just looked so gorgeous sitting there, enjoying my food, and…”
“Touché,” Castiel replied wryly. “I suppose we’ll just have to compromise and share the pie.”
People actively changed colour depending on their primary emotion. Castiel could walk down the street and see a woman change from a vivid cerulean to a muted tangerine and back again as she passed by a particularly persistent panhandler, or a man whose entire silhouette lit up golden yellow when he received a call from his fiancee. The colours were everywhere, often as fleeting as the emotions they represented, and Castiel was enthralled by it all.
The millefeuille was delicious, the flavours subtle and balanced, and more than made up for the exertion of ordering it.
“Honestly, I’d really appreciate it,” Dean admitted, moving the suitcase to one side and leading the way down to his car. “My mom was so convinced that I’d forget something I’d need later. I’m pretty sure she packed up our entire house.”
Castiel shrugs, keeping his eyes fixed on the road as he pulls away. “It just reminded me that I’ll never have a reason to cancel plans with
Sighing, Castiel cut his losses. “Good morning. A medium black coffee and—
Castiel nodded, happily. “Good. Now let’s watch the movie.”
“Okay. I’ll leave dinner on the stove for you?”
Pulling back, Castiel looked at Dean with fondness and pride. “Good,” he murmured softly. “Is your seatbelt on?”
. He simply had nothing to rush home for. No welcome arms of a boyfriend or a husband to greet him. Just a brother that stopped by on occasion, but Gabriel was out of town.
halves. You need to eat better.”
“We’ll figure it out,” Dean promised him with a warm smile. “I’m not worried, Cas. I think we’ll manage just fine.”
Dean shrugged. “Probably not.”
Dean rose instinctively. His heart was thudding in his chest at Castiel’s presence. They’d already agreed they shouldn’t see each other before the ceremony to stick with tradition, even if they didn’t believe in the superstition of it being bad luck. The fact that Castiel was breaking that had to be very bad.
“You want to come over to my place?” Dean asked, eventually. “My dad will help patch you up, then your mom will never know.”
“I’ve made them once or twice over the last couple of years and they never tasted right. They didn’t taste the same way you made them. I want to see what I missed.”
They settled at the table, eating their sushi and making small talk about their respective workloads. Castiel pretended to pay attention to what Dean was saying while swiping the last of his spicy tuna.
“Maybe it’s my turn to be doing the tasting,” he teased, bursting into laughter as Castiel shoved at him, throwing an arm over his eyes.
“It’s perfect, thank you,” he murmured, settling the glass back down so Charlie could pour.
Hope infused Castiel’s voice. “Yeah, I’ll be home in about an hour. My flight out isn’t till tomorrow morning so I’ll be back for the night if you –”
It was beautiful and fascinating, and no two colours were ever the same at any time. He supposed it all came down to the experience of the individual, how heightened they felt that particular emotion and what was causing it. It had taken him a long time to understand that there were people behind the colours, identities that could not be summed up by the level of wrath or excitement they were feeling that day. If he focused hard enough, he could tune out the colours and focus on the face behind them. But not completely. There was always a tinge that betrayed what the person in question was feeling.
He softened. “You’re worrying me, okay? I’m just concerned about you. I love you, but you’re not taking care of yourself and I feel so helpless. Can you at least make some time to eat meals with me?”
The sound of the key in the lock behind Dean drew his attention and he smiled widely as Castiel entered the house. Dean had finished early and Castiel had the night off, so they were planning to get takeout and watch
that was used to his every order being obeyed. “The people will fail and learn their place as they have always done before. You will release my son.”
It was a warm décor, rich reds and golds, the surfaces of the tables and bar giving a more rustic feel to the restaurant. The owner and head chef, one Dean Winchester had worked hard to build Petit Impala from nothing. He’d succeeded in a competitive business and it was damn near impossible to get a table. Even now, he could see the busy servers running around an almost-full dining room.
“Got your soulmate at home waiting for you?” The bartender smiles, gesturing to Dean’s arm, which is covered by the sleeves of his jacket.
“Missouri. She’s… she’s helping make all the arrangements and stuff.” Dean fell silent.
Charlie slid his cup across the counter and disappeared into the back. Taking the tea, Castiel felt his strength wane and he practically fell into the nearest chair. He sipped slowly, closing his eyes and taking slow breaths as he savoured the spiced liquid.
“You’re sure?”
It meant he could go back to work at his restaurant, and so he had. The difference in Castiel once he’d started working again was unbelievable. He glowed. Even when he worked ridiculously long hours, coming home after midnight with sore feet and aching limbs, he was smiling. Dean hardly recognized him from the shell of a man he’d found on the streets three months ago.
Familiar arms slid around Dean’s waist and then Castiel’s lips were pressed to his cheek, chin resting on his shoulder. His smile widened and he leaned back against his boyfriend. “Hey, Cas.”
Castiel shook his head. “That’s not what I meant. I went from depending completely on someone I loved, to doing the same thing with you. You’re a better man than he was, but the roof over my head is completely in your hands regardless. I need to know for myself that when you and I move in together, it’s because it felt right. Not because I needed a home.”
He found refuge on a bench along the street and settled there, feeling his racing pulse slowly subside into less of a hum, and actually resemble individual beats. Castiel balled his hands into fists and pressed them into his eyes, cursing anything and everything under his breath.
“I’m sorry. Will you pass on my regrets to Sam too? I’m sure he’ll understand. You can still go.”
“Ah.”
Castiel smiled at him, starting to head into the bedroom. “Didn’t you just say it would be amazing because it was with me? I’m sure that works both ways. I’ve got three hours before I need to be at the library, Dean. Are you coming?”
Dean shook his head. “Not everything, Cas. You know how important emotion is to cooking. They didn’t taste the same, because when you made them yourself they weren’t made by…”
Dean feels the last of his hope shatter and his heart aches in his chest. “Then what good are you?”
“What’s going on?”
“I’m fine,” he sniffed, taking the tissue that Dean held out to him and cleaning the worst of the blood from his face. “Thanks.”
It was just as dangerous to drive in. Dean didn’t dare go much over twenty miles per hour in fear of hitting someone. His vision was obscured by the heavy snow fall, which made it next to impossible to scan the streets for Castiel. It was too cold for him to be out in this, he would have made for shelter. But Dean had no idea what time Castiel had left. He could be anywhere.
They were leaning towards each other, clearly deep in conversation about something. Castiel couldn’t remember it being taken, or where they were in the picture, but they were holding each other’s gaze intently. It was a nice picture, but the warmth that was spreading from Castiel’s heart all the way to his fingertips was from what it represented. That Dean considered him important enough to lay his picture beside that of Mary and Sam. A smile tugged at the corner of Castiel’s mouth and he looked down at his hands almost shyly.
Inside, Dean watched as Castiel hovered in the doorway, kicking off his shoes and taking off his jacket. He looked soaked the bone and his teeth were chattering. Dean softened.
Surprised, Castiel paused for a moment. “They close at five thirty on Wednesdays. Did you say you’re a professor at KSU? As it happens, I teach Literature there, and I’ll be back within the hour if you’d like me to bring it. You could retrieve it from my office at six?”
“I know,” Castiel whispered, carding his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Sam called me. Who’s looking after him now?”
“Nah.” Benny snorted. “Sam goes to Stanford. Dean ain’t one for flyin’ and he didn’t want to take the time off to drive to California. You ain’t never seen anyone as proud of anythin’ as Dean is of his kid brother. He’s a good guy, you know, if you gave him a chance.”
Green was grief. Grief manifested itself in the most varied shades, Castiel had noticed. Depending on the level of pain or anger, grief could appear from a pastel mint green to an eye-straining lime. It also tinged other colours. People who experienced a huge loss always had their colours tinged slightly green. Even when they were happy, their sunflower hues never managed to shrug off the tinge of sage.
that.”
“We’ll figure it out,” Dean promised, “if it comes to that. Which it won’t. Come on, let’s get you another plate of food and then we’re watching TV. Scooby Doo is on somewhere.”
“Why?”
Castiel was handed off to custody once they got back to the precinct, and Dean and Benny both went to shower and change into clean clothes. Plain clothes, since they’d finished their beat and were now officially off-duty. Dean brushed off any objections Benny raised about his arm and made for his desk and soon as he was able, clutching an evidence bag containing Castiel’s ID as he looked up the address.
“Oh, no, I’m done for the day,” Castiel assured him. “I was actually going to head along for some tea, but if you have your hands full—”
“Morning sunshine,” Castiel ground out, the words torn from him only because he knew Dean would delay his order the longer he resisted, and he’d be late for work. “A medium black coffee and the special of the day. What is the special of the day today?”
Gabriel raised his eyebrows. “Don’t tell me you can’t see the family resemblance? No? I suppose I did get all the good looks,” he sighed a long-suffering sigh.
“A tiramisu charlotte,” Dean explained. “It’s a three layer cake of a light coffee sponge, chocolate ganache and whipped mascarpone mousse, surrounded by lady fingers and topped with chocolate-coated espresso beans.”
“That was a little harsh, Cassie.”
“Is it true?” The words burst from his lips, raspy and hoarse. “Cas, ‘m I ever gonna walk again?”
“I’ll be waiting,” Castiel promised, leaning in and brushing their lips together sweetly. He couldn’t bring himself to pull away immediately, leaning in for a second, lingering kiss and only pulling away when he heard a squeak and the sound of breaking glass.
Dean laughed and set the plate down, letting Castiel have a more thorough look at the dishes. “I’m not sure you’re supposed to tell me that.”
He laughed as Castiel groaned, ruffling his hair as he walked behind him. A few more days and then all they could do was wait for the results.
Dean barely remembered the drive to the airport. The packed bag in the back of the Impala made everything more real and the nerves were beginning to overtake him. Most of the journey was made on autopilot, and Dean was glad there was very little traffic or he probably would have caused an accident.
. He was here, half-naked and dishevelled, stroking himself while Dean watched him, fully clothed. His cock jerked in his hand, and he choked out a cry, his eyes rolling back into his head.
Castiel bristled. “Yes,” he replied, testily. “The
Castiel closed his eyes, feeling despair and resignation flood through him. Dean still wanted to end things between them, he hadn’t changed his mind. There was nothing else he could do, this plan had been his only option and it had failed.
“I can assign you an extra paper but you have to understand that I don’t expect to hear that your grades are suffering in your other classes because you’ve taken too much on for me,” Castiel told Alex gently, reaching for a paper.
His words were vague, but he knew Dean would understand. Moving in together had been impulsive and expensive. While their tiny student apartment was now perfect, it had taken a lot of time and money to get it that way. Both Castiel and Dean had been forced to take on extra hours, but they were still going to find this month and the next difficult. It would be a struggle to make ends meet, but if they could weather through it, they would be fine from there on out.
“I know, Cas. I love you too. C’mon, let’s eat this sushi. I even got extra of that gross wasabi stuff you like.”
Castiel tried to signal for Charlie to stop, but it was too late. There was the sound of clattering out the back and then the source of Castiel’s daily irritation burst through the door from the kitchens. Great. The baker was seemingly oblivious to the flour that was smeared all up his cheek, but it did nothing to hide how attractive he was.
It would be all too easy to take him to bed and undress him, to make love to him and then carry on as if nothing happened, as if he hadn’t been gone for the last few years. As if they’d never broken up.
“Cas,” Dean repeats, taking his hand. “I don’t regret it. I just think this is something we need to do sober. I want this, but I want it to be because we feel like this about each other. Not because there’s nobody else. You know?”
“A millefeuille of nutmeg poached pear, rose diplomat cream and topped with a candied rose petal and a dusting of vanilla nutmeg sugar,” Dean announced proudly.
“Of course you are. It’ll take time, but I believe in you.”
No reply. He checked the kitchen and the dining room and then made his way back upstairs. The bathroom was empty and so was the guest room. He must have gone out. Dean stuck his head into the garage and saw that the Impala was still there, secured from the elements. If Castiel had gone out, he hadn’t been driving.
“That the sixteenth? We have dinner with Sammy.”
But not his own.
Castiel watched expressionlessly as his parents listened for the first time, rushing up the stairs to pack whatever they could carry.
Sam rolled his eyes, already done with Dean’s melodramatic pacing and sighing and gesticulating. “What do you have to be nervous about? You’ve been together for
In the safety of his office, Castiel sank into the chair, setting his drink down as he took gulps of air, trying to calm his nerves. Wow. He hadn’t expected to even see Dean tonight, yet to be confronted with a side of him that was so intensely attractive, so charismatic, Castiel hadn’t been able to breathe.
“Oh absolutely,” Charlie assured him, with a wide-eyed panic on her face that Castiel just
“Likewise. Cas actually helped me discover a newfound love of Romanticism. I wasn’t really into poetry at school, I was more on the math side of things, but hearing him talk so passionately about Byron, I went home and read She Walks in Beauty.”
Balthazar twisted his face. “The less said about that the better, to be honest. We just weren’t compatible. No chemistry. Quite awkward.”
If they found out he was being bullied
Dean followed a few seconds later, adding to the mural on Castiel’s stomach from both of their come and Castiel looked up at him, sated and weary but sporting a very satisfied half-smirk. He shifted along, making room for Dean on the bed, and gratefully took it when Dean’s hand slid into his, squeezing lightly.
Castiel didn’t answer, just curled his knees against his chest, looking anywhere but at Dean. It was obvious that he didn’t want to tell the truth.
“You redecorated,” Castiel commented, looking around at the eggshell walls.
“Ah, you’re one in a million, Cas.” He tells Castiel the street name and hangs up. In no time at all, Castiel pulls up in his crappy gold Lincoln Continental, and Dean smirks. The car is godawful, but there’d been no talking Cas out of buying it. He loves the damn thing.
He left the restaurant without looking back, his head bowed so nobody could see the tears that were threatening to spill.
Castiel paused and looked down at his fingers. A beat. He raised his fingers to his lips and blew on them, watching the dust fly from his digits and drift to the floor. The box had clearly been untouched for some time, then. Still, Castiel decided he wouldn’t snoop any further and settled himself back on the bed. The pillows still smelled like Dean. He leaned in and inhaled deeply. It smelled like his soul as well as his body. Castiel knew Dean would think he was nuts if he explained how much he liked the scent of Dean’s soul, but it was true. It smelled like something that reminded Castiel of the moments after his creation. Maybe a little of Heaven. It smelled pure.
“—you’d like to consider—”
Gabriel reached out and pressed a hand to Castiel’s forehead. “You’re feeling a bit warm. Are you sure you’re not coming down with something?”
It was the beginning of the rest of their lives.
There was a sigh and then Castiel swung himself up onto the counter next to Dean. His eyes were averted at the change in topic. “I know what you’re gonna ask,” he muttered. “You’re right, we do need to talk about it. That’s kind of why I bought the pie. You’ve been really patient with me and I thought it might put you in a good mood.”
“Dean? What are you doing here?”
It’s been that way for as long as he can remember. His parents had assured him it had been that way since birth, that there’s nothing wrong with him, but Dean doesn’t feel that way. Seven billion people on earth, all with soulmates.
His sweetbreads arrived in record time, of course. Their arrival was preceded by the opening of the kitchen door and a tall, outrageously handsome man exited. He was dressed all in white, a white apron tied around his waist, and he was clutching a silver platter.
“No, they’re perfect. I just… can’t understand why I can’t make them right. I did everything you just did.”
“You heard me,” Dean snapped. “I don’t know what your problem is, man, but you’ve been a dick to me from the beginning, and now you’re actively out to sabotage my
“What are you thinking?” Dean asked, curiously. “You’ve got that look on your face like you’re thinking of something sappy and poetic.”
He hissed as he hardened fully under his own palm, the stimulation not enough through the material of his pants and boxers. Castiel bit his lip, guiltily. He shouldn’t, not here. This was Dean’s space.
“Here.” A bowl was placed in front of him, a spoon laid beside it. Castiel could smell something wonderful and savoury, a mixture of lemongrass and warming spices, and from the steam coming off it, it was hot. Slices of freshly baked bread adorned the side of the bowl, slathered liberally with butter and Castiel privately thought he’d never seen a more enticing meal.
placed her gloved hand on Castiel’s shoulder in a gesture of comfort. “My son, make your farewells. We must prepare.”
“Sir? Can you hear me? Is everything okay?”
Castiel shoved him, lightly. “I know it was a kiss, dumbass. What I meant was… maybe we could go out on a date sometime.”
“Who are you and what do you want?” He asked, tiredly.
Bobby glared at him. “You know you are, kid. It's solitary for you. Why’d you have to go and start that fight, huh? You got a death wish or something? You want Crowley to shank you?”
“Now, now, Castiel, isn’t that quite a biased question?” Dean raised an eyebrow at him, his smile turning into a brief smirk as one corner pulled up higher than the other. “You’re in my restaurant, all of the dishes are no less than perfect. Surely you wouldn’t expect me to talk down some of my dishes and suggest you should have ordered something else?”
… his frown deepened. The oranges gave it away
“I’m not sure yet. I’ll call you as soon as I’m settled. Six months. Maybe a year, tops.” Gabriel nudged Castiel to one side, easing him out of his way so he could get into his car. He pulled back from the embrace. “You take care of yourself, you hear me?”
“Well, that was… something.”
“That was terrible," he groaned. "Never say anything like that again.”
Two hours later, he heard the grating sound of the bolt, and the door opened. He recoiled from the bright lights, his eyes struggling to adjust after the darkness. The guard who entered said nothing, just eyed Castiel disapprovingly.
“What were you going to say?” Castiel dug his heels in once again, now refusing to let Dean drag him away from the store. He might not want to go in, but he knew if they left, he’d never find out what Dean was about to say. “Tell me.”
Stunned, unable to believe this was really happening, Castiel could do little more than nod. He stared at Gabriel the entire time he was in sight, watching the car drive away until it rounded the corner and was gone. Castiel didn’t truly know how to react in that moment. His chest felt hollow, lost, his attempts at breathing didn’t seem to fill his lungs with enough oxygen.
They separated naturally, chests heaving from the adrenaline rush, and Dean pressed two gentle pecks to Castiel’s lips as he withdrew. Castiel’s hands slipped away from his shoulders and he looked at Dean, almost fearful of what would happen next.
Dean gasped in mock horror. “You wouldn’t. I just declared my love for you.”
“Of course I did,” Dean snapped. “You wouldn’t understand, living here with your titles and your money, you’ve never had to worry about where your next meal was coming from. But you’re judging me for joining a movement that promises me a better life?”
Dean didn’t even seem deterred by Benny’s scowl, the grin on his face not wavering for a moment. “Benny, stop grumbling, you’re scaring my customers.” He turned back to Castiel and shrugged. “He’ll get over it. Mind if I sit?”
“No.”
He can see when the realisation dawns on Castiel’s face, although it’s marred by wariness, the tentative hope shines brightly beneath the surface. “We don’t know that…”
Castiel rolled his eyes, his cheeks pink. “Because he doesn’t really want to go out with me. I just shut him down the first time he asked, and he’s turned it into some sort of game.”
“Yes, Chef!” His kitchen chorused, and Dean’s eyes flickered from the appetizers station and Balthazar working hurriedly, to the meat station and Benny. He nodded, mostly to himself. Castiel’s food was in good hands, Benny was one of the best chefs he’d ever hired, and Balthazar was more than capable.
Dean brightened considerably. “Actually, yeah, I had a stroke of luck. I was on my way to administration and there was a guy handing out flyers. I wasn’t going to stop but then I heard someone mention that the money they were offering was amazing, so you know.”
Castiel’s lips parted in realisation, and he awkwardly shuffled on the spot before promptly retaking his seat. “Ah, yes. It appears you left it under the seat in the Tea Caddy.”
When the server – Charlie, Castiel noted from her nametag – returned with his wine, Castiel reached for the glass, swirling the burgundy liquid and holding it under his nose, inhaling deeply. He took a small sip, allowing the subtle flavours to envelope his palate. Rich, full-bodied, exactly what he wanted. He could even taste the rose tar and the dried herbs in the undertone.
There was a pause, and then Castiel relinquished his grasp on his jacket. “Thank you,” he replied quietly. “I appreciate this. A shower sounds perfect.”
When the bell rang, Castiel dismissed his class and hung back to speak to Dean, fielding questions by reminding students of his office hours. Halting in front of Dean, Castiel rubbed the back of his neck, searching for the right words.
Realisation dawned and dealt a crushing blow, snuffing out the hope that had dared to spark in Castiel’s chest, like dousing a match with a bucket of cold water. “You’re saying we pretend to be together for this study so we can get paid.” It wasn’t a question, and understanding came with no relief. Just devastation.
“Coming right up.”
Castiel tilted his head, squinting as he tried to gauge Dean’s sincerity. “Alright,” he agreed, cautiously. He looked down when one of the cups was held out towards him, staring at it in confusion. “What’s this?”
He barely finishes his sentence before he gets a lap full of Castiel. The table tips over behind them with a crash, but neither of them notice. They’re too busy clinging to each other, pressing kiss after kiss amid tears of joy.
Castiel leaps to his feet and hurries over. Dean closes his eyes as he feels more tears fall, sliding down the side of his face. A gentle hand smooths through his hair, and Dean knows in that instant that Castiel is about to lie to him.
“As I love you.”
After his mom had died, Dean hadn’t said a word. Castiel had a vague memory of their teacher in kindergarten saying something about him working through his feelings. Lots of Dean’s former friends had abandoned him, too young to understand his grief. Castiel, at least according to his parents, had toddled up to Dean with some paper and crayons and chatted enough for both of them. They’d been inseparable ever since.
It was only going to hurt that much more when Castiel left.
Castiel shrugged. “It’s fine. How did you find me?”
“Do you have your key?” Dean cut him off abruptly. He wasn’t giving Castiel false hope that this argument was over, or that he was intending to let this go. He was mad, he had a right to be. Castiel was choosing work over his family, over Sam. That wasn’t okay, and Dean had no intention of pretending it was.
With a nod of acknowledgement, Dean turned back to the dishes and kept his tone light. “So there was something I was going to ask you about.”
“But I used to see you every day,” Dean sighed, brightening up quickly. “And now I get to again. Have I told you how happy I am that you agreed to move in with me?”
“Thank you. This lecture was important to finals and it would have thrown off my schedule if I’d had to cancel.”
“But you can’t deny there’s an imbalance in our relationship,” Castiel replied miserably. “I don’t want to live with you because I never managed to get back on my feet. It’s your house and I’m just a guest there. When we move in together, I want it to be
“Oh. That’s… that’s great. Make sure you leave enough time for class, I know your workload is pretty heavy and balancing two jobs with that is–it’s going to be rough.”
“What are you doing here?” He asked, trying to crowd Dean backwards so he could close the door behind them. Despite being recognised as an adult, Castiel was all too aware of what his parents thought of Dean, and had no intention of letting them see him.
“What colour is that?” Castiel demanded. “What are you feeling right now?”
“And was that your choice?”
“Nothing. It’s still there.”
“Who’s coming?” Castiel sighed, feeling frustrated and unnerved by coming face-to-face with Dean without any prior warning. It left him with a whirlwind of emotion that he had yet to sort through. “What are you talking about?”
Now, Dean had another parent to grieve, and the complicated relationship they’d had meant Dean was no doubt feeling a veritable cocktail of emotions.
“I’m going to head to the library. There’s a couple of case studies I want to dig out for this assigned reading. I was just hanging on until you got home to see if you had any news.” The lie came to his lips far too easily, but in contrast, Castiel’s eyes found it far too difficult to meet Dean’s. He truly feared what expression was on his face, but Dean seemed oblivious to anything amiss.
“You ever think that’s why he didn’t ask? I wouldn’t want to go out with someone who felt indebted to me. Upsets the balance.”
“I think it’s highly unethical and will skew the results for the student in question,” Castiel replied, and when he saw Dean’s shoulders slump, he felt guilt adding to the weight in his chest. He truly didn’t think he had the strength to pretend to be in a relationship with Dean. To feign everything he wanted, for Dean to ask him that, was the cruellest thing Castiel could ever imagine.
Castiel pursed up his lips in thought, and then gave a brusque nod. “Three years, give or take.”
“Are you going to take it?”
The rain was still heavy when Dean edged the Impala out of the parking lot. He bit his lip, thinking how cold and uncomfortable it would have been for Castiel if he’d spent the night on the street. Hopefully he’d make it to the shelter without issue.
“I’m a guard and you’re an inmate, Novak, you don’t get to dictate-”
“You’re not?”  Dean blinked and set the plate aside, drying his hands. “Oh. So…”
Castiel turned to give a quick glance at the doorway and paused when he saw Dean staring at him, holding two paper cups and shifting awkwardly. When they made eye contact, Dean gave a tentative smile.
“I don’t have any motivation than helping someone out who needs it. You’re not the first guy I’ve put up for the night over the years and you probably won’t be the last.”
It was a big campus and after their last conversation had left them on bad terms, they had no reason to go near each other. They weren’t based out of the same building so the chances of a random meeting were extremely unlikely.
They relaxed a little when Dean pulled up outside his childhood home, the house he and Sam had inherited from his parents. He’d bought Sam out years ago, the house now solely his while Sam had enough money to put a deposit down for a house not too far away with Jessica. It all worked out perfectly, with Dean getting to keep the house he’d grown up in. It was well taken care of, because Dean was nothing if not house proud.
“Colour me impressed.” Dean grinned. “Just twelve more boxes to go.”
Castiel managed to avoid Dean for the next month.
Beneath the dirt and freckles, Dean’s face turned an unflattering shade of puce. His lips mouthed the word ‘duty’, but no sound came out, as if he was fighting back a thousand responses before eventually settling on, “
“Good night, Cas,” he breathed.
“I said
Hiding his smile, Castiel made sure Claire’s coat was all buttoned and she had everything ready to go for when her uncle arrived.
“I don’t understand,” Dean admitted, “why aren’t you worried anymore?”
It was only a matter of time before Gabriel found out about the bullying and rained Hell down on them, but Castiel didn’t want that. Gabriel wouldn’t be able to fight his battles forever.
Castiel tried to reconcile the colour with shades of pink he’d seen before, and shook his head. It didn’t make sense. He'd seen couples with varying hues and tones of pink and red but never something this vivid.
“Sorry, sorry,” Dean panted, bent double as he tried to get his breath back. “Got here as quick as I could. Misjudged how long the walk was. Hey, sproglet. Ready to come to the bakery?”
“No, no, no.” Dean tsked, cutting him off with a stern wag of his finger. “You should know the drill by now.”
With nothing to do, and his appetite slightly returning, he made the decision to return to Morning Sunshine. Some tea would do wonders, and he had the added bonus of looking sniffly and pathetic when he apologised, hopefully softening Dean’s demeanour towards his unforgivable rudeness.
A snort cut Dean off from any further ranting, and then Castiel was giggling uncontrollably, holding his sides. Unable to help it, Dean began to laugh too, recognising the silliness of what he’d just said. It was hardly his idea of masculine, but he didn’t regret the admission. They held each other and laughed, long and hard, and when the giggles finally went away, Dean leaned forward and kissed Castiel’s forehead.
Castiel reached across the counter to take the coffee and boxed-up pastry that Charlie was offering him. “No, thank you. Have a lovely day.”
“Good morning, Balthazar.”
“I… what?” Castiel replied weakly. He tried to get a grip of himself, inhaling deeply.
“On your half.”
Dean floundered, as if Castiel had put him on the spot. He looked like he was about to answer, but then his jaw clenched with defiance. “Well, how am I supposed to know that?”
“Hey,” Dean leaned against the tree, fixing him with an almost-amused look. “You finish your
“I feel like this is a conflict of interest.”
The bartender holds out a bottle of whiskey, an eyebrow raised. Dean looks down at his empty glass and then pushes it forward with one finger.
He knew Dean should be at home by now. That he’d no doubt be missing family commitments or spending time with Sam, but if Dean even thought about it, he never said a thing. Didn’t even make an attempt to move, or leave Castiel to it.
“You can try to make sense of my situation all you like, Officer, but not everything fits neatly into a box.”
They turned and Charlie was standing there with a broken wine glass at her feet, staring between them with wide eyes.
Apparently not.
When he got back to the dorm, Castiel was alone, sitting on his bed silently. “Parents gone already?” Dean asked, dropping his bag. When no reply immediately came, he turned to look at Cas and noticed the silent tears running down his cheeks. “Cas?”
He took a moment to take in all of the details. A psychology postgraduate was writing their doctorate thesis on relationships during college and the effects on their studies.
“Implying I took advantage of you? Damnit, Cas, this was a consensual relationship, don’t you dare make it sound otherwise. I loved you. I still do.” Dean’s hands slowly loosened their grip, but he didn’t back up.
Castiel snorted. “But we were never equals, were we? You got to say everything you wanted and then you left me. I didn’t even get to ask why. I didn’t even get to tell you I understood, that I never wanted you to risk your job by sneaking around with me. That I’d never ask you to wait for me, but that I would wait for you. You just ended it and didn’t give a crap what I thought.”
“Behind you, Chief,” Benny replied loudly, setting down the pan beside him and ducking out of the way as the garnishes arrived.
Dean gritted his teeth and silently wished every kind of pain on Mrs. Novak. As far as he knew, Castiel had nothing to do with her anymore, but to be ashamed of her own son because he didn’t have a soulmate? Dean couldn’t imagine something like that. He pulled Castiel into a hug, burying his face in his neck.
Dean clenched his jaw in anger and opened his fist, letting Castiel’s cravat slip from his fingers. “They took the Bastille a little under an hour ago and freed the prisoners. Then they put the Governor's head on a spike.”
“Exactly,” Sam smirked. “You wouldn’t even entertain that idea. So why do you think Cas would? He’s in this for the long haul, Dean, we’ve known that since you first brought him home with you for the holidays. He couldn’t take his eyes off you and clearly that hasn’t changed.” He nodded past Dean at the opening doorway, where Castiel was standing, his hands wringing together nervously.
He had this whole speech planned out, but the words fell away from him as the innocent question he’d just asked had backfired spectacularly.
Castiel let his hand slip away and he looked down at the town. In the darkness it was almost impossible to see, but for the lights. Signs of families settling into their nightly routines.
Tessa walks over and sits beside Dean, reaching out to touch his arm gently. “I’m sorry, Dean. There’s no going back from this. I can’t undo time, I can just speed it up.”
“Morning, sunshine,” he said firmly. “A cup of earl grey and the special of the day, for here. What is it?”
Castiel laughed. “You know I did. I’m glad you’re home.”
“So you’re the asshole that parked in my space this afternoon! You shouldn’t steal someone else’s space, it’s your own fault for not paying for your own damn stall.”
“Ooof!”
Castiel was just career-driven, that was all. Why rush home and sit in an empty house when he could get on top of his work?
Dean nodded. “They’re coming here next. The victory has given them confidence. Not immediately, good men were lost and they plan to mourn. But your name was mentioned. They’re stopping all exits out of the city and then they’re coming. You don’t have long.”
, Cas. We were both in that hospital on the day I was born. We were probably in the same freaking room. This is why our timers have never worked, Cas, because we met before we could even read them.”
He broke the kiss. “Cas—”
The unpacking and painting and shopping could wait for tomorrow. Tonight, Dean planned to celebrate the return of Castiel to their home and they were heading out to dinner at a restaurant they both had been wanting to try. Dressed smartly in button downs and a nice jacket, Dean stared at Castiel across the table, smiling happily.
So why couldn’t he ever muster up a smile and show that he was happy for the guy? Dean chose his next words carefully.
“Kill me,” Castiel moaned, burying his face in Dean’s neck. “Fuck, my parents are on their way! They just called me to say they were about an hour away from campus. They’re here visiting one of my aunts who lives in San Jose but this is close enough that they want to check on me.”
Castiel opened his mouth to reply but only a sound of longing came out. He wanted Dean, he wanted to reach out and touch him, but he exercised restraint. “You,” he rasped, pausing to exhale, a shuddering breath. “Always you. How you touch me.”
And why wouldn’t the universe do this to him today, of all days? When his heart was open and raw and he was wearing his vulnerability on his sleeve for the world to see, like a big freaking parade float that announced just how fucked up he was.
“Hey, buddy,” he greets softly. “What’s up? I thought you were sorting through your family albums tonight?”
“Yes, I have my key,” Castiel sighed, the undercurrent of misery in his voice tugging at Dean’s heartstrings. God, he just wanted Castiel here so he could hold him. Dean wavered for a second, but then held firm.
Dean snorted but held back his laughter in fear of dropping the box. “I did warn you, man. Lunch is on me. To say thanks for the help.”
“Castiel,” Dean repeated, making sure he’d gotten it right. “I’m Dean. It’s good to meet you. I see you’ve already gotten a good start on moving in.”
Only Dean knew of its existence, and he’d pinkie-swore to keep it a secret. He hadn’t even told Sam about this place. It was their secret, Dean’s and Castiel’s, and they’d commemorated that six months ago, etching their initials into the old bark with Dean’s penknife.
It was about an hour later when Dean left his bedroom and made his way downstairs to Castiel. They’d missed dinner and the snowfall was still heavy, blanketing the street outside. Maybe he’d try and convince Castiel to bundle up warm and make a snowman with him after they ate.
Castiel nodded. “Nothing he did was ever good enough. They called him a disappointment. They were ashamed to have him as their son. Why wasn’t he more like me? What he endured… I can’t imagine how hard it must have been. I’m surprised it took him this long to leave.”
“With the apology and all,” Dean clarified, his shoulders tense.
Dean hesitated. He
“Why don’t you just go out with him?” Gabriel asked. “You just said it yourself, he’s hot.”
Swallowing, Dean shook his head. “You love me in return, Cas. I didn’t need anything else from you. I never wanted you to give me anything.”
He spent the rest of the night with Castiel curled up against his side and Dean swore he felt lighter than air. He was the epitome of respectful, knowing Castiel still didn’t like to be touched without warning. It was hard to get him to calm down if he got worked up. An unexpected touch or a loud noise could set Castiel off and he would retreat into his room and lock the door until he calmed down. No amount of talking could persuade him to come out earlier. Dean didn’t want that to happen tonight.
His hand stills on the next photograph and his mind goes blank. Wait. Was it possible? He pulls out the previous photograph and flips it, swallowing as he looks for a caption.
Castiel didn’t know what to say. His own eyes grew wet, his best friend’s anguish settling over him like a blanket of emotion. “I’m sorry, Dean. You know if there’s anything I can do, you just have to ask, right?”
“I don’t want to be a burden –”
He ducks out of the bar before she can reply, closing his eyes for a brief moment and trying to fight down the ache in his chest. After all this time it shouldn’t hurt anymore, but he can’t help it. He tries to fight it, but he can’t help but check his wrist as if the timer would change.
There was silence, and Dean listened to see if Castiel would try again. He didn’t. There was the sound of shuffling feet as Castiel walked away and then there was silence. Dean sighed with relief, lying back on his bed. He didn’t want to fight any more, but that didn’t mean he was ready to talk things through yet either.
“I’m glad.” Castiel released his hands and began dabbing at Dean’s sweat-slick brow with a handkerchief. “I hated the way we left things. Being away from you for so long would be torture.”
Dean was giving him an out, a way to save face. By addressing Castiel’s issue without actually addressing it, he was giving them a means to avoid the long overdue conversation they’d yet to have. As everything clicked into place, Castiel felt smaller than an ant. The redhead was a lesbian. She wasn’t Dean’s girlfriend. Dean wasn’t interested in her.
“Yeah,” he said quickly. “That’s… not ideal weather to be moving in. It’ll take us forever to load all my stuff, and you know Benny said he would help but he’ll never get here in this. Maybe we should just cancel. The apartment can wait a couple of days.”
Cas was right, he’d made it this far. What would be the point if he got off the plane now? He’d have wasted the money he’d bought on the ticket, wasted everyone’s time. He’d be letting himself and Castiel down. Besides, Castiel did this all the time and the whole point was to experience the things his husband loved. Flying was just one more thing to add to the list.
Castiel gave a gentle smile, soft and adoring and it helped Dean relax. “I feel like I should be asking you that. Do you think that with my ten-year plan, I didn’t consider every angle when you asked me to marry you? No matter what happens in my future, Dean, being with you is the one part that I will never want to change. I love you, and I’m in this for the rest of our lives. You have nothing to be worried about.”
He trailed off. Castiel stepped forward, keeping his gaze.
The sound of the door closing made Dean smile but he didn’t turn around, just kept focusing on washing the remainder of the dishes from the previous evening. The campus dining halls left a lot to be desired so they’d stopped at TAP for some burgers and an obscenely huge brownie.
“Why blue?” Castiel asked.
“Are you mad?” She screeched, over the bustle of the kitchen. “Dean, you’re flirting with the
,” he spat at Castiel, the words filled with poison and bitterness.
“No, I…” Dean coloured and rubbed the back of his neck. “I actually started making more worksheets so I could focus on listening to you instead of talking at my own class. Lame, huh?”
There’s someone in the passenger seat: a pale woman with dark hair and matching eyes. Dean is positive he’s never met her before, that she wasn’t there when he got in his car, but he can’t shake the familiarity that he knows her. That he’s seen her face in his dreams.
He left the apartment, slamming the door behind him and stalking down the stairs. He would regret storming out later, he already kind of did. Of course Dean understood, Castiel was tired of feeling like a burden, like he was freeloading. He’d busted his ass off all through college, balancing work and school, and now they’d moved back to Kansas and he couldn’t get a job. It was hard on them both.
He scooped Castiel off his feet with a grunt, and carried him over to the bed, kicking the door closed behind them.
Castiel stood, straightening up to his full height, refusing to be intimidated. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I have never sabotaged anyone’s vehicle, and I don’t even know what your car looks like.”
