Part of John feels like he can’t stop. If he does, maybe this all goes away and becomes another trick of the light. Perhaps this never actually was, and he did fall asleep, a corpse on the floor at the foot of Sherlock’s bed. He’ll wake up and none of this will have happened, or worse it did and Sherlock regrets it, leaving him cold and more alone than he ever was to begin with. The dread doesn’t creep but rather tides over John in a wash of sudden bitterness, the pollution of those thoughts causing pain in his sternum and forcing his eyes to screw tight shut. Absolutely brilliant time for a panic attack, with his mouth near Sherlock’s navel and his knee pressing against the hardening cock beneath him.
Rosie is likely asleep, so he treads lightly on the stairs, taking them two at a time. Their door is ajar, but when Sherlock gently pushes it open the living room is empty, the only light coming from the kitchen. Warm yellow spills across the carpet, picking out the debris. An empty mug, newspaper neatly folded next to it. Several of Rosie’s toys strewn about the floor, a smear of porridge on the arm of Sherlock’s chair from their particularly messy breakfast that morning. John had told them off for playing, but he was only half serious, smile creeping into the edges of his stern eyes.
“No, no I’m not actually,” John answered; he mostly meant it because his friend looked so pitiful. But when Sherlock gave him
“Fuck, Sherlock, you have no idea how long I’ve wanted to be inside you,” John murmured against his friend’s dimpled cheek. For several minutes John was captivated watching his fingers sliding in and out of his best friend, whose hips undulated with every thrust, his leaking cock nudging against the cotton between John’s legs seeking friction.
“Not a problem. Did you smell anything you liked?” She bit her lip awaiting his response, squirming her legs together behind the counter. Christ, what he would do to get her somewhere more private and tell her everything he
“And what will you do after you’re done with her? Tell her ‘thanks for your participation’?” John sputtered indignantly.
John threw on his lounge pants and made his way into the kitchen to find Sherlock hunched over his microscope. “You manipulative bastard!” John growled, throwing the towel over Sherlock’s head.
Once Sherlock had received the clandestine text from Lestrade in the restaurant John eyed his plate woefully as he paid the check and dashed away with his flatmate. Now at the crime scene, John glanced over at the naked man in the tutu and wondered if he’d be able to eat beef ho fan again without thinking of hairy legs and ballerinas. The victim really hadn’t the legs for such a get-up. The only person that came to mind who did, however, was Sherlock, and John was not exactly going to dwell on that subject any more than necessary, as he’d managed to do with all the other times he’d imagined Sherlock in clothes (or lack thereof) during the last several months sharing a flat with the cracked genius. A loud sneeze interrupted his thoughts from the aforementioned. He winced as Sherlock wiped his runny nose on the sleeve of his treasured Belstaff in annoyance. Sherlock’s
“You’re something else,” John says, tousled hair falling across his forehead. “You know that, don’t you?”
Sherlock steadies him though, as he always has. Grips John’s biceps and presses up until they’re kissing properly, moving against each other now with more clarity. John squeezes Sherlock’s neck and angles his head better, wets Sherlock’s bottom lip with his tongue and keeps kissing him. Does not want to stop.
Greg picks up on the same clues, but thankfully they don’t seem to lead anywhere in his head. Sherlock explains the events of the evening to the both of them using as little actual information as he can, handing over the business card and watching the blush threatening to creep across John’s cheeks. When he’s finished they share a small smile, neither the inspector or his brother willing to question it.
The sweet vibrations of a whimper from breathy throat to the shell of John’s ear and he does - he does drown, swallows gallons of dark water; comes in Sherlock’s hand and shakes and shakes, reaches a palm to the solid door behind to anchor himself, keep him conscious as he works Sherlock harder - “
Perhaps a slight buzz in John’s system will ease the mild anxiety he’s failing to hide. The assertiveness he’d displayed back at Baker Street a few days ago seems to have faded away now the situation is upon them. Sherlock hums his agreement and gestures towards the entrance to the club, the bright purple neon glow beckoning them in.
Sherlock hands the bottle back silently, so John presses it to his lips again. Immediately he can taste the other man, a slight bitterness and warmth he already knows the notes of. They’ve breathed the same oxygen and lived the same life for so long, the tang of Sherlock’s mouth on the edge of the glass is not unknown. For some reason though, it heats his belly more than whisky usually would, some chemical reaction that makes John falter for a minute before matching Sherlock’s pace.
The plateau of silence between them has lasted a little longer than John meant it to. Granted the weekend had already been spoken for – John had scheduled in seeing Harry months ago, and this time it was a welcome distraction. Since announcing he was going to start seeing her again, Sherlock had taken it upon himself to message constantly whenever John went. At first it was a bit much, his phone buzzing every hour, but John quickly found himself needing it, a tether to normality in the presence of his misunderstood sister. Sherlock never failed to provide this lifeline, and yet John’s pocket hadn’t vibrated once during his visit.
A little inconvenient, though not unexpected. Sherlock hadn’t managed to conceal any weapons on his person either, opting for similarly body emphasising dress. The slim cut black trousers he’s wearing are far too revealing, and it’s so damn warm outside, neither of them could get away with pretending to need a jacket all night. Sherlock isn’t wearing a t-shirt though. The silk shirt he has on is wine red and breathable and more expensive than John’s entire wardrobe.
“What exactly do you think this is?” He asks, trying to keep his tone light around the rock in his belly.
In an attempt to push down the anger, Sherlock flips back through the picture book of blemishes and scars he remembers from John's skin, compares any changes there have been since the last time. Most are faded, or coloured purple anew from the force of a booted kick to the stomach.
, and the two large security guards framing the entrance don’t seem happy to see them. With a start, Sherlock feels an arm wrapping around his waist, John so close and warm that he’s taken by surprise at his body’s reaction. His companion seems to have found his acting skills again, that breeze of courage emanating from John’s entire being as he speaks.
“Take it we didn’t get him then” John concludes, pushing himself up onto his elbows to look at Sherlock, sitting at the bottom of the bed.
“Would you like me to step away?” Sherlock asks, low and miles away from the controlled man John knows.
And here they are again. Both drifting away slowly into an infinite horizon, unanchored as they have been for more time than either of them has been willing to admit. Tethered only by each other, and the knots they’ve tied in the rope that keeps them connected. A line that is frayed and rotting slightly from being in putrid waters for years – but a line, nonetheless. One Sherlock has always pulled at, time and time again, to remind John that he is still on the other end of it.
The corner of John’s mouth upturns briefly, and he nods. Hums and tightens the towel at his waist, while Sherlock abandons his and slips beneath the duvet.
The smooth weave of Sherlock’s cotton shirt is warm and real as John presses his forehead against it. Has to, really, because looking up means finding that face all open and raw and full of things that fit there so ironically; lines of hurt and joy and what John now recognises as love (love most of all) creasing Sherlock’s eyes and forehead, parting wordless lips. John can feel the sharp of a collar bone beneath his brow and he digs it in harder, tries to remind himself who he is and why this was never a good idea (not then, when everything was honeyed adrenaline and simple, and certainly not now with everything so tangled and sticky with web that neither of them can find the right path out).
Rosie follows as if she’s already forgotten her father exists, the promise of sugar and the tempting presence of a mother figure too good to resist. John throws on the coat and it absolutely swamps him, but it is efficiently warm.
Sherlock watches as John scans the room for alternatives, eventually spotting a bored looking man carrying a tray of shots. There’s some exchange of words and money that Sherlock can’t really make out, distracted by the hand John cups around the server’s shoulder in order to bring him close enough to hear. He takes the two tiny plastic cups that are handed to him, one pink and another such a vibrant green Sherlock wonders if it’s actually consumable.
“Stay close, then” Sherlock says, closing the grate on the fire so it will eventually burn out. “And watch out for Stanley”
One of them should say something, John thinks again, but that’s as far as it gets. Just a thought, because Sherlock is still fucking kissing him, making small panting noises that John wishes he’d never heard and also wants to hear for the rest of time. Maddening sounds that make his hands pull the shirt from Sherlock’s trousers, seeking contact, skin beneath his palms as he slides them up and beneath cotton.
There’s mud in John’s hair and it seems wrong, so Sherlock picks it out with two fingers, his other hand firmly pressed to the ebbing wound, like it has been for the past four minutes twenty-eight seconds, (“pressure, Sherlock, I need pressure”), and he is so useless, so utterly
When he wakes once during the early hours, John finds his world tilted sideways, his head somehow on Sherlock’s chest. It’s uncomfortable and his abdominals hurt but he finds he can’t move, too caught by the heat of the body beneath his own.
They've not done this yet. Not even during those few hazy hours of too much drink and not enough oxygen (one hand on Sherlock's knee and it could have been so easy then). Even though there's a few fingers of whisky buzzing John's teeth it's not nearly enough to warrant this conversation, these words that could easily lead to whole sentences and confessions of desperation and longing and everything that he's been holding in the creases of his worn soul.
. But the words disappear before they’re even formed, and Sherlock goes still. He draws back, letting his hand slip softly from John’s greys. The pure uncertainty there is obvious. It draws the skin between Sherlock’s eyebrows tight, nose flaring with a breath that sounds almost excruciating. John watches the hurt tremble from Sherlock’s eyes and lips, parting and closing again tightly, a thin line of embarrassment and pain.
“Hm,” said the Doctor. “He must know there is information on him, but he doesn’t show his face. He identifies himself, and Sherlock immediately disagrees. During the … torture, Sherlock says only two words, ‘puce’ and ‘fake.’ Did you note this person’s voice?”
“Quite.” Mycroft rose and went to his drinks cabinet, returning with two glasses of whiskey, one of which he handed to Greg. “This man Martin has given us an inadvertent clue. The specific information he has demanded in return for Sherlock would only be of interest to certain people. They are being investigated, to see if they can lead us back to Martin.”
“Where the hell are you?” hissed Lestrade. “Listen, there was a power cut and they believe someone’s in the building. I’m with John and we have the door locked. I think this tosser has done something to Sally.”
Lestrade levelled his gun, and blinked, as the façade of Sally Donovan dropped away and a rather weird looking creature stood there instead. Puce-coloured, bipedal, it was currently staring in disbelief at the watch on its wrist that was suddenly on the ground.
Mycroft, after issuing instructions to Anthea regarding the alien, went in search of Lestrade, and found him in the building’s canteen, staring at a cooling cup of coffee. Mycroft slid into the seat opposite him. “I am sorry about Inspector Donovan, Gregory.”
Lestrade turned around, to see John putting an oxygen mask to his face. He waved away Lestrade’s concern. “I’m okay.”
He stood up and left. Mycroft sipped his brandy. Anthea entered. “UNIT will be sending a team to take possession of the alien,” she told him. “I have contacted Mrs Hudson and Dr Hooper, and they are getting ready to go home. All section heads have been advised to have their final reports in by the end of the day. The TARDIS has gone.” She looked at his glass. “I was going to offer tea.”
“Go away,” said Sherlock, who then noticed John frowning at him. “Please,” he added. She ignored this, walking to the foot of the bed and making a note in John’s chart, and then crossing to Sherlock’s bed and scrawling something in his. Sherlock waited until she was gone before taking John’s hand again. He knew John was looking at him, but he couldn’t seem to raise his eyes from their joined hands. “I thought you were dead,” he told the hands.
Sherlock joined him at the door to the bedroom, saw the body on the bed, and gave a short intake of breath. The Doctor looked surprised for a moment, and then frowned. “You know her,” he said.
“Well I may have mentioned that they are in violation of about a dozen laws and it would be a shame if the Shadow Proclamation heard about it.” He turned to Rory. “Now, when we leave the TARDIS, let me do the talking. When they produce John, I want you to take him and get him into the TARDIS. Do not wait for me, just go.”
The Doctor paused. “He … won’t have been treated well.” The TARDIS started making loud landing noises. “Come on,” said the Doctor.
Kate rolled her eyes and led the way into her office. She settled behind her desk. “So, alien invasion immanent?”
John turned his head, to see Sherlock starting to shift restlessly, groaning. He remembered the nurse the previous night mentioning stitches. “He needs to wake up,” he told the nurse, who was nodding and already moving toward the other bed.
Greg gave a quick nod. He wanted to ask Mycroft how he was holding up after seeing his brother tortured, but knew he wouldn’t get a straight answer. “Right. What can I do?”
The corridor opened up into a wider area, and there was a louder sound of engine. Squinting at the light, he could vaguely make out three more aliens in his immediate vicinity, and two other humanoid shapes. Then … he heard English! “Well? Here is the human. Give us the heart!”
“Seen your picture in the paper,” said Rory. “And the Doctor said it was you we were coming to find.” Rory fished out a stethoscope. “I want to listen to your lungs, okay?”
“Doctor!” complained Kate Lethbridge-Stewart. “I gave you access to UNIT, do you really need to set off every alarm in the place every time you visit?”
Sherlock easily hacked the computer password, and was scrolling through the information. The usual radical rhetoric, he thought in disgust. No Islam influence but Mycroft already knew that. Just home-grown radicals wanting a world free of capitalism, with the obligatory Marxist rhetoric. Very dull. He looked up when John came into the room in a hurry. Sherlock had been unaware until that moment that John had not followed him, but said “just as tedious as I predicted.”
Running feet could be heard, and the alien was soon surrounded by agents and hustled away. The Doctor picked up the watch, as Sherlock hastily wheeled past him and into the room. “John! John, you’re alright? Why are you out of bed?”
Sherlock, having acquired a wheelchair in order to make movement easier while his feet were healing, now wheeled the chair cautiously through the door, and immediately stopped. The Doctor waited. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Testing!” he called out, and then listened. The Doctor grinned. No one had ever done that before. “It’s not an optical illusion,” Sherlock said.
The Doctor shook his head. “It’s actually quite hard for him to manifest in this reality at all. He’s unlikely to try again here. John is safe.” He looked back at the door. “Please don’t kill it.”
John frowned, chewing on his bottom lip. “The … cell,” he said finally, “was barely two metres square.”
“Well,” Dennis began, “I was reading the paper …” he commenced a long rambling story, and Donovan was just about to interrupt him, when she realised her head had unexpectedly hit the table. She only had a moment to be confused about this when darkness fell.
John nodded in agreement. “It was pitch black except for a bit of light around the opening where they supplied the water. The temperature was hot and very humid, almost thick. Smelled of … I don’t know, decaying flowers, maybe? I knew the water was drugged, but I had to drink it, I was dehydrating, I would have died. I suppose it was meant to be a truth drug, but I didn’t know what they wanted anyway so I don’t know if it was working. It just made me vomit.”
Sherlock stared at him, starting to shake his head. “No … don’t you … don’t …” He started trying to sit up, gasping with the exertion.
The door suddenly popped open, the lock making a hissing sound. Sally Donovan stood in the doorway, holding a gun. Greg levelled his gun at her. “Gregory?” she asked with a puzzled expression. “Why are you pointing a gun at me?”
“I think you might be surprised what you could manage if you try.” Martin signalled to Thomas, who untied Sherlock’s hands. He rubbed his wrists, as Martin placed the laptop on the table in front of him. “Go on, show us what you’ve got.”
Sherlock examined it. “Cloth, cotton, low thread count. Cheap dye, probably manufactured in China. Nothing unusual about it.”
Kate turned to her computer. “I’ll look.” She tapped away at her computer. “Okay, there he is, now what … oh yes, that. I can’t see that it could have any bearing.”
“Will have different elements, that can show up when properly scanned,” the Doctor completed. “However, I’ve got some other ideas. Would you like to help me with an experiment?” He held the door wide.
“So I am wondering, if you’d like an opportunity to save yourself, as your brother doesn’t seem to be interested.”
“Well, Sherlock’s quite right,” said the Doctor. “That’s not your Andrew Martin. That’s not even a human being.” He looked a bit puzzled. “That voice is not synthesized, and it definitely did not come from a human throat. And puce? Well, I know of only one race whose skin could be described like that. How would he get here, I wonder?”
Sherlock pulled himself out of the wheelchair and put his arms around John, who leaned against him. He didn’t know what to say, so he said nothing.
Below they heard a voice rising over the racket. “Let me through, let me through please, I’m a doctor.”
His phone rang, and he picked it up, seeing it was from the head agent at the store. “Sir, we have a code nine,” said the man.
“I’m texting Mycroft,” said John, fiddling with his phone. He looked startled. “Not working. It must have a jammer.”
“Of course, Gregory,” said Mycroft smoothly. “Thank you for your apprehension of the criminal. It was nicely done.”
“Okay,” said Rory. He supposed that Doctor Watson being held by aliens was not the weirdest thing he’d ever heard.
The Doctor nodded. “Oh yes. By not attacking the scientist, or her parents, but a doctor who saved her and her mother’s life because he was just passing by, you avoid any fixed point tampering issues. The Trickster knows this, of course.”
“Not this one,” said the Doctor. “This race is currently in their stone age. No, you’ve got a time traveller here, which explains a lot.”
“Photos of the aliens?” asked the Doctor. She turned the screen towards him. “Ah,” said the Doctor. He sighed. “What did they remove from the ship?”
He stood up and removed the stone sphere from the desk, putting in its place a folder. Mycroft picked it up. “Torchwood?” He raised an eyebrow. “So does dear Kate know you’re giving this to me?”
The alien masquerading as Sally Donovan picked up a laptop it had placed on the front seat, opening it to a program specifically designed to track mobile phone locations, and which was far more accurate than Scotland Yard’s usual tracking software.  “There you are,” it murmured.
Sherlock smirked, and they began to descend the stairs. Sherlock suddenly sobered. “That machine. Does it hurt?”
Mycroft was standing in the foyer of the medical level, having received a message from the Doctor that simply said “ETA eighth floor five minutes, have medical staff ready.” He could only assume the Doctor had been successful in retrieving John, but he had no idea what to expect. Nearby a doctor and two nurses stood with a gurney. His staff were well-trained enough not to react, but he knew they must be puzzled. Well they’d be more puzzled in a minute. The tell-tale groaning filled the air, and the TARDIS appeared. The door opened, and the Doctor appeared. He and another man (Rory Williams, nurse, identified companion of the Doctor, Mycroft’s brain automatically supplied) were supporting John between them. Mycroft frowned. Unlike Sherlock, John had not been physically injured, but he was obviously extremely ill. He was pale, sweating, shivering, coughing, and barely able to walk with the aid of the other two. He had lost weight and was still wearing the clothes he went missing in, though now stiff from grime and sweat. The medical staff converged on him, and were soon loading him onto the gurney, with Rory giving the attending doctor a handover.
“Sorry, boss,” the man answered, putting the mug aside. “He’s been pretty quiet after the kicking we gave ‘im.” He grinned.
Sherlock looked at the laptop, a glimmering of an idea coming to him. He looked up at Martin. “I … I don’t …” He was glad now for his ridiculously shaking body. It made him look submissive, confused.
“The hell I don’t,” said John. “I’m not lying around while some alien wants to kill me.” He coughed.
He had begun to cough quite badly shortly after being in the cell, and his chest was becoming more and more congested. He suspected the humidity of the air and wondered what bacteria was in it. God alone knew what he was breathing in. He knew he was ill. He didn’t even respond the last time he was asked the strange question. What was the point?
“A cyber-terrorist,” said Mycroft. “Essentially an anarchist, against government in general. His file lists him as being involved in computer hacking, mainly to crash systems and block services by denial-of-service attacks. He has ties to various activist groups who advocate a more hands-on approach than merely protesting.”
John embraced him, and his hands touched the bandages on Sherlock’s back. He traced his hands over the bandages gently. “Whip?” he asked softly. Sherlock nodded. John lowered his head against Sherlock’s chest. “Bloody hell, again?”
“No!” scoffed the Doctor, and grinned cheerfully. “He came through the Cardiff rift. Well, I say he, but it would be a better description, biologically speaking.”
Rory pinched the skin on the back of John’s hand. It failed to rebound for a few seconds. He got up and went towards where the man with the bow tie was approaching. “He needs antibiotics, fluids, oxygen … basically he needs hospital.”
Somehow they were through another door and into a very different space, very wide with a high ceiling. “Here we go,” said the man. “Sit down.” It was an armchair, by the feel of it. So comfortable. His feet were raised. Oh, it’s a recliner. I really am dreaming.
“That’s what someone else is trying to do,” the Doctor said. “and if they succeed it will be bad. End of the world bad.”
John nodded, turning to face Sherlock. “I think it’s only fair to warn you,” he said with a shaky smile, “that I may never turn the lights off again.”
The Doctor smiled as John poked his head out of the taxi window long enough to gesticulate at a few other bystanders who jumped to do whatever he had asked. “In thirty-six years from now, the woman currently inside her mother’s womb, will receive a Nobel prize for physics, after discovering a method for accessing hyperspace, thus making interstellar travel possible. In forty-eight years from now, the first manned spaceships will leave your solar system. She will be brilliant, ahead of her time. Interstellar travel would still have come, but not quite so soon. What the Trickster thought to achieve by the delay I’m not sure. He may simply have been doing it for fun.”
of Sherlock’s lungs. Every bit of his own fear is suddenly trivial, as he crawls his fingers out to one side until he reaches Sherlock’s bare arm. The skin there is wet, and tacky, the residue thick between John’s fingertips as he rolls them together.
He glances back at the hill again. Clouds are rolling in and it’s more than a bit nippy. John’s dressed for London, where even in the depths of winter, the blanket of pollution offers enough warmth not to warrant more than a sturdy jacket. He’s going to ruin his bloody shoes, too.
So he waits. He waits with John’s blood everywhere, with John’s very being cradled in his lap and veins pulsing faintly. Sherlock wants to say so many things, right now, so, so many, but John is not here to listen to them, may not
The music is so loud Sherlock can feel the bass of it in his chest, hammering alongside his own pulse. John’s shouting over it to order their drinks, both of them being jostled by sweaty inebriated men, all trying to make accidental contact with someone willing. Sherlock does his best to stay as close to John as possible, side swiped by his own overwhelmed senses.
Sherlock doesn’t say a word but that’s fine because John doesn’t want to hear it; he needs to get this out and quick because he’s on the precipice of something he can’t come back from; doesn’t want to come back from, has to fall into because it’s been
As soon as Sherlock relents, John feels blood ooze from the wound again, fresh and warm on his fingertips as he presses cotton to it. It’s deeper than he would have imagined, given Sherlock’s ability to still speak coherently. The pain from it should be enough to steal away his consciousness. Yet the man is awake, breathing rhythmically through his nose and mouth as if he’s done this before. Which of course, he has, more times than John is probably aware of. He bites his own lip and blinks those thoughts away, concentrates instead on applying an even pressure against Sherlock’s ribs.
He eventually gets his hug, marvelling at how bright and well she looks. Annoyingly, Rosie is almost as tall as he is now, her hair smells like vanilla as it tickles his nose. There’s a suspicious air of excitement on her face, blue eyes sparkling in the artificial glow of light.
And it’s not as if either of them have never been inches from death before - in fact, it’s a fairly regular occurrence - but this is different, as it always inevitably is. Something John can’t place his static fingers on, right now, but there’s no doubt he will soon, and when it’s achingly far too late.
Partially blind, John props himself up on his elbows, the torch now at a safe distance behind Sherlock’s outstretched frame.
“Scotland Yard caught up to him eventually” John clears his throat, eyes dropping to his own crossed arms.
” John starts, rubs a sweaty hand across his face because now Sherlock’s gone so far as to get two cups out, throwing in sugar that John doesn’t take and spilling milk over the rim of the porcelain.
John kisses the underside of Sherlock’s jaw, his neck and the protruding bone there, trying hard not to push too far in the heady rush of it. He finds those eyes, somehow brighter now despite the night time still going on around them, looking at him with a desire he has never seen so naked before.
“Jesus Christ” He exhales into Sherlock’s neck, biting down on the skin there as he skirts a hand to the moving hips beneath him.
Cuddling under blankets isn’t on John’s list of things he thought he’d ever do with Sherlock, but the inviting blurriness of sleep on his smile is too hard to resist. John nudges his shins with a bat of his hand and Sherlock shifts, making room for him in the vacant seat. The plush sofa is much comfier than the second hand bed of rocks they have at Baker Street, and John sinks into it. Sherlock swings his legs back and into John’s lap. This time, John doesn’t keep his arm at the safe distance of the backrest. Instead, he rests a hand on Sherlock’s thigh and the other on his shin, marvelling at the sudden ease of it.
He heads out of the door, Rosie’s muffled giggles filling the corridor downstairs as he grabs his coat and leaves. The night is dark and all encompassing. Sherlock lets it take him, and wishes for dawn to return swiftly.
But Sherlock doesn’t touch him again, and John doesn’t care much in this moment. Those moans are rolling from Sherlock’s throat still, echoing against the ceramic, increasing the pace of John’s wrist and sharpening the trail of his teeth at Sherlock’s neck.
He slams the glass down without meaning to, really, but it gets his point across - Sherlock’s eyes blink at the noise and it’s the little things that give him away.
“No, no I didn’t” The man denies, clenching and unclenching his fists one finger at a time, back hunched with regret. “I watched you die, for the third time”
Sherlock reaches up and grazes a thumb across the hollow of John’s cheek, taking the wet from his errant tears. With that John splinters a little, has to bring his lips to Sherlock’s throat to keep it together, fluttering kisses over his pulse and the shadow under his jaw. The smallest noise vibrates under John’s mouth and he knows it’s almost over.
“For fu –“ John almost swears, blinking at the beam of light shining directly into his eyes. “Sherlock, phone please”
“What were you thinking” He starts, a fist against the kitchen table taking the brunt of his restrained anger.
“When it comes to you, yeah” He agrees, following Sherlock out of the tub and taking an offered towel, blissfully warmed from the radiator.
Everything, all at once, crowded against a wall in the sacred grounds of a church, just down the lane from the Holmes’ cottage.
There’s no question he means to follow Sherlock. Whatever the potential outcome, he’s not about to leave him alone again, out in the cold expanse of misery waiting for John to find his moral compass. This time he doesn’t need a well constructed plan to trick him into action. Doesn’t need to think twice before going to save his friend. He will never make that mistake again.
John can’t really form words at the best of times, so he just moans his incitement, doing his best not to push back onto the digit trying to gently ease inside him. Sherlock’s other hand has almost stilled completely, moving intermittently in soft gentle strokes. John’s thankful for it or he might not last much longer, the odd pleasurable burn of being stretched starting to tread the line between pain and gratification.
“Christ, you think it’s so easy” John continues, nodding his head derisively. “You still have no idea, do you, what it feels like to be betrayed, even after all this time and all this
And what it is, isn’t shit anymore. Not perfect either, but certainly better than the gut twisting pit of emptiness John had been in the last time those words were spoken. Miles away from his shameful adultery and Sherlock’s fragile broken body. They are those men still, and also not at all, shaped by a shared past and separate wounds. They have been healing, and the path of absolution has led them to this.
Most of the time John is sad, so Sherlock stays on his side of the living room and picks up Rosie only when she crawls towards him.
And yeah, fuck, he’s married and he’s having a child and at the end of it all he loves Mary, innocently and irreversibly. But this, whatever this need is that he and Sherlock hold inside them it’s on a different level of existence, it’s in a different heart to the one that still wants to cradle Mary’s warm treacherous body close during the night, it’s singular and bold and could burn through every life they have both had, every breath John’s lived and every one that Sherlock’s saved.
So, instead he takes his frustration out on the back of his armchair, digging his nails in until they leave tiny half moons in the leather. When John comes back in with the tea, he pretends to be looking at his new phone, the weight of it still not quite right in his hand. The loss of everything he had stored on there is very real, years worth of messages and the few precious photos he had taken. Trivial and sentimental, the old version of himself would say.
Moments like these make Sherlock wonder just how much of John is left. In the half light of the kitchen, he can’t quite see the blue of his eyes, it’s all darkness and deep set brows, the shadows there almost murderous. Most disconcerting, because he can’t see himself reflected in the kaleidoscope of ice and caramel anymore. There’s no mirror for Sherlock to measure himself against, and maybe that’s the problem. Maybe if he could catch sight of the ugly lines on his face, he’d stop.
John feels the wet salt from his eyes only when Sherlock's cheek brushes his, the hot of it terribly loud against his skin. Lips and deft hands go still against him in the half-light and for the first time he feels like a stranger, some other person who doesn't belong in London or Baker Street, and certainly not in Sherlock's open and willing heart.
He stops several feet away, Sherlock’s back to him, staring out across the Welsh countryside below. Suddenly John wants to turn around and run right the way back down the hill. Any semblance of a plan he was on the cusp of forming has been completely forgotten, stolen by the sight of Sherlock’s cold rouged cheeks, as he turns to face him.
Isn’t he supposed to be the sure one? The soldier and the man who could never go a few weeks without a woman on his arm. This is his territory, a place he should feel comfortable, and yet everything about this feels a thousand times more intense than anything before. Sherlock is a man, which throws up a whole new set of challenges, but that’s not even it. John knows what to do, can already predict where to put his tongue to make Sherlock arch beneath him, how much pressure to apply with his teeth on the muscle above his hip. He can do all this, but the doubt that he should be allowed to is pinching at his forehead, gnawing at the spot between his eyebrows like the beginnings of a headache.
Maybe he should tell Sherlock that. Explain how he doesn’t know how to function right now and can’t quite get his voice steady even when it seems it;
Fuck it’s awkward, but it wouldn’t be them if it was easy - and John finds his tongue in Sherlock’s open mouth again because he can’t bear to leave it, sucks and pushes and takes until they almost mould into one another, become whole and filthy together. Sherlock’s fly is undone but that’s about as far as they’ve made it, cannot break apart for fear of losing this, of it being taken away.
His mouth parts only for a second before Sherlock takes it in his own. The swell of that bottom lip is slightly chapped and rough and John dies just a little, in that moment. Allows himself to disintegrate in the bitter warm shock of it, reacting instantly. Without hesitation he darts his tongue out to taste Sherlock properly, all the heat he’s always wanted and wondered about. Stolen caramel paints his gums and it’s so sweet, eliciting moans he doesn’t ever remember making before. John’s falling right into it, a feeling of completion he’s desperately been trying to find.
, John thinks, his head screaming as he tries to say something. Anything, to the man slowly dying underneath his hands. There’s no witty line or casual flippant response he can manifest, nothing to dilute the finite nature of their situation. Somehow it’s come to this, the most plain of conclusions, no convoluted game or drawn out finale. Just an accidental capture, an adversary not interested in puzzles and clues, but ending them as quickly and cleanly as possible. A full stop that John never expected to be thrust upon them so soon.
“It’s a straight shot across that field, should only take thirty, forty minutes at your pace” Mr Holmes gestures. “You can’t go wrong”
“You tell me” He challenges instead, finds he has to lift his chin a little to shake the plea from his voice. Because if John says it himself it makes it his fault, and damn if he’s going to add
and his teeth tremble and he still has half of the Thames in his lungs, but then there’s John, limp and soaking with blood, dark red blood that’s already staining Sherlock’s fingernails and the grubby ground of London’s riverbank; and how could he be so
“Be a shame to waste an opportunity” John says, and Sherlock follows his eyes to the restraints on the wall behind the headboard.
Three days of nothing. The longest they have been apart for over a year, and consequently the most amount of time he and Rosie have spent at their own house. The first night had been fine. They’d both been exhausted from dealing with Harry, and sleep had come as soon as John’s head hit the pillow. But the second night –
John’s breath huffs out of his nose in short bursts, bringing his heart rate back down as he relaxes a a little in Sherlock’s grip. He nods his compliance, and the hand slips from his mouth.
“You absolute child” John laughs, as Sherlock climbs in with his trousers and shirt still on, displaced water spilling over the rim and onto the lino.
“Christ,” John curses, tilting his neck so Sherlock can graze teeth lightly over his sensitive skin. “Christ’s sake, don’t ever stop doing that”
The nails at his sides dig in, the sound of Sherlock’s zipper cuts into the silence and there are a few moments where they struggle to co-ordinate. They’re both trying to get rid of clothes and cooperate limbs, and it’s messy. John’s head bumps into the sharp of Sherlock’s jaw as he finally manages to struggle out of his own trousers, but the pool of cotton at Sherlock’s feet becomes a tangle that neither of them can seem to figure out.
For a moment John thinks he’s being ignored - is met by nothing but silence and the hidden hollows of Sherlock’s face lit by artificial light.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John” He says, a small smile creeping on his lips, obviously happy with his efforts. “I watched some YouTube”
John’s knees are shaking and his words too, but he manages to let go of the wall to find Sherlock’s face, pulls him down until their foreheads meet and their lungs become one again.
He settles for, finding that it’s not a question at all, that his voice fills the room quite suddenly with a tension that wasn’t there seconds ago.
Sherlock tries to smile, but his face feels strange and tight and then he recollects why – hard knuckles at his jaw, his forehead meeting concrete, sharp hot pain beneath his ribs and lips, lips on his own in the darkness.
The man they’ve been stalking all night is saying something in the booth next to them and neither of them pay it any attention. Sherlock finds his head tipping back against the leather backrest, eyes fluttering closed as the hand in his curls falls to his own fist, twisted in John’s shirt. Fingers loosen his own and pull his wrist down to the seat instead, pinning it there as John finds his balance and presses into him, the other hand falling from Sherlock’s shoulder to his chest.
Somehow the evening passes them by quicker than John would have liked. Sherlock’s parents seem to enjoy the company of a tiny human, but are simultaneously wiped out by the energy only a toddler can have. They go off to bed and Rosie follows not soon after, taking the small spare bedroom upstairs. There’s room for John there too, and though sleep is tempting he treads carefully back downstairs, flicking the lights off as he goes.
He could probably phone Molly or ask Mrs Hudson to take care of Rosie, but the time apart seems too critical in that moment. John needs the stability his daughter offers, the reassurance of her small smile that means everything is okay and he’s doing the right thing. Because he’s not sure if he is, actually. John has no idea what he’s going to say, or do, or how he’s going to explain what a complete dick he’s been. Again.
But they’re still them. People who die and kill for each other, the puckered flesh near Sherlock’s heart says as much. They are recovering, still not wholly right, and yet Sherlock hasn’t shoved him away, is watching him with hooded eyes as John reveals the plane of his chest inch by inch. Bends down to kiss the space below John’s ear that he must know, somehow, makes John want to tear him apart and piece him right back together again.
His throat feels like sandpaper and flooded with cold waters at the same time, a battle between getting the words out and the frozen wash of pent up emotion they bring. John rubs his eyes and his mouth and anything to keep the years of pain safe beneath his eye lids, but he can’t quite manage not to let it come tumbling from his mouth instead.
John looks mildly disappointed, still clutching both cups in front of him like he isn’t sure if he wants to let Sherlock go. Sherlock doesn’t give him a choice though, ignoring the protests of his body as he heads towards the bedroom. When he reaches out to take his tea from John in passing, the other man pulls it back, some sloshing over the rim.
The church bells begin to toll and John starts at the sound, his body jumping in Sherlock’s arms. He finds blue eyes and they both laugh inappropriately, low and ridiculous and dirty as the short huffs of air turn into moans. They are in a fucking graveyard, and John is spilling curses from his lips into the curve of Sherlock’s neck, his own fingers eventually finding purchase on the hem of an expensive shirt and claiming the skin beneath it hungrily.
He tries to keep the hours of a normal human being as much as he can, re-arranging the duvet softly over John’s sleeping body and closing the door gently behind him when he can’t. When he’s still hunched over the kitchen table in the early hours, Sherlock discovers a cooked breakfast in front of him and John’s sure lips on his cheek. In return for these kind moments, Sherlock makes more tea than he ever has in his life and tries to touch John whenever he can. He finds himself unable to stop. Even the need to shut himself away for hours inside the decadent walls of his mind palace is outweighed, replaced instead by watching John write up their cases on his laptop, his feet resting in Sherlock’s lap.
“Are you okay?” He asks Sherlock, cheeks flushed and eyes so wanton that Sherlock doesn’t believe he could stop, even if asked.
Really John can’t be blamed for questioning it, even as Sherlock’s touch reaches his thigh. As much as the doctor has defended his heterosexuality over the years, Sherlock has proclaimed to be uninterested in any affection just as ardently. But his fingers are still travelling along John’s jeans, his palm smoothing flat against denim.
“I want you” Sherlock puts between them, keeps his eyes set on John’s as his fingers reach to plaid shirt buttons. “All of you”
Perhaps that revelation was a step too far. John falters for a moment, his eyes suddenly painted with sadness like he’s grieving for something that never happened. Sherlock brings the knuckles of his closed fist to John’s knee, presses them there for a moment before opening his palm against the patella, tentatively letting his fingers slide upwards.
John sticks the wordless note back to the fridge, places the pen exactly where it was, and does not look back.
Maybe it would be easier just to leave, Sherlock thinks. Yet they can’t, they only have this one chance to solve their case before their client’s excuses for the missing jewellery dry up. Before Sherlock has a chance to work out how he’s going to communicate to John that they need to appear intimate, the man is downing his drink again and turning to face him properly.
There’s a second where Sherlock thinks maybe John will let his wanderings fall further down, to the jut of his hip or his shirt buttons even. He doesn’t though, just rests there a little longer, regarding Sherlock with a small smile warming across his face.
Sherlock’s irises are saturated and framed with red, bursting veins as he holds John’s gaze and really looks this time.
An observation, not a direct question, unless Sherlock wants it to be. For a few moments the other man says nothing, encouraging the growing fire with a poker, his back still to John. Sherlock’s creation crackles and spits as he feeds a small log into the heat, and he waits there, patiently tending to it until the edges catch and the flames eat it hungrily.
They’re closer now, John can feel a brush of cotton against the tip of his nose, Sherlock’s shoulder radiating warmth in the confined space. The head above him must be turned his way, the apology followed by shaking breaths tickling his eyebrows.
it) and now he's paying the price, penance for not having the courage to hurt and hurt until Sherlock found it right to come home.
John reaches down to move the bags he’s abandoned on the floor and his shoulder twinges rather obviously. Sherlock quickly takes the weight of them and clears a square of space on the counter, putting the bottles of cava into the fridge.
There are a few horrible, painful moments where they each re-arrange their own clothing and smooth out their hair. John rubs what he can of the mess on the bottom of his shirt against the wall, and tucks it back into his waistband.
He hears rather than sees Sherlock’s eye roll at his dated tech, stepping a little closer to be in the circle of white light the man’s iPhone projects.
“Well, maybe if this whole detective thing doesn’t work out” Sherlock smirks, turning back to face the locked door. “The inspector seems to be taking his time”
It takes a moment for John to agree because everything is so tight and close. He’s hard beneath Sherlock’s touch and moving away from that now seems near impossible. Eventually he does though, groans as the contact is stolen. John wastes no time in stepping out of his jeans and boxers, removes his grimy shirt, all while watching Sherlock’s fall from his shoulders, suit trousers quickly following into a pool on the floor. The scars that run across the mountain of Sherlock’s back, down his spine and all the way to his bare arse, make John’s breath hitch.
Sherlock’s body would be amazing, lithe but well muscled. Masculine, and demanding in his movements as he rutted against John’s belly and thighs. John suppressed a moan and bit his lip. Fuck. But that would be hot. He wondered how Sherlock’s mouth would taste, his tongue. Jesus, the juices from his cock. John began fucking his fist in earnest now. Sherlock’s tiny pink arsehole. Christ, his wet, pulsating arsehole opening up for John as he used his lube slicked fingers, then taking in John’s cock in measured thrusts. Slow at first, but then Sherlock’s legs would spread wide and drive John further into his tight wet heat. John envisioned tasting Sherlock’s fine sheen of sweat coating his back, taking the man’s leaking cock in hand as he pounded into his friend, making him scream his name until he was filled with come.
“Well, that’s...unusual,” Greg continued. “But he probably didn’t spare it a thought. You know how he gets more than any of us.”
“Not anymore,” Sherlock rumbled, crawling back between John’s legs. Whether that was before of after Sherlock rubbed himself all over John’s room was anyone’s guess. If Mycroft had been anyone else, the doctor might have had pity on Sherlock’s older brother.
visible against the detective’s bespoke trousers, and John both thanked and cursed his maker Sherlock had chosen not to wear black that day, lest the doctor be denied the sight.
had seen fit to bless him with a cold the day before, and the man’s pallor was even paler than usual, if such a thing were possible. His sooty eyes were slightly swollen and itchy, and his customary baritone voice had morphed into something akin to a croaking teenager hitting puberty. It should have given John some pleasure to watch his friend fall prey to the human condition and be so insulted at his immune system’s betrayal—as the prat was constantly bragging about being able to control his body’s functional aspects. But John had found the initial humor to have worn out quickly, morphing into pity and frustration Sherlock wasn’t going to bother changing his routine simply because he was suffering from a strain of rhinovirus.
“But I can’t THINK, John!” Sherlock exclaimed and slammed his fist on the table. “My brain is going to rot if I—” Sherlock sneezed before he could finish his sentence, glaring at John as though the doctor was responsible for his body’s malfunction.
It had certainly triggered something in Sherlock. Being touched was grossly discouraged for all who knew him. With the exception of John of course. But John was his doctor. And his friend.
Sherlock removed tissue from his pocket and dabbed at his nose in scorn before adjusting his features into something more “charming rich bloke”. He strode towards the woman a hair trigger from running away from the germ factory that was Sherlock Holmes.
“Right. Well unfortunately for her that isn’t really your area.” John quipped, but the heated look in Sherlock’s eyes gave him pause. “Isn’t it?” He nearly squeaked. Monica really had been lovely, but didn’t seem like she’d be Sherlock’s type. Fuck. Whatever that was.
John arrived home and found himself immediately drawn to Sherlock, who still sat perched on the stool in the kitchen.
“Oi, I thought you weren’t going to watch,” John answered, but his tone was teasing, coy even. His blood
shite. Maybe this is the opportunity you two need to take the next step. I know Myc would like that, despite his attempt to hide it. He’s been waiting ages for his arse of a baby brother to get himself sorted.” Greg smiled fondly when he said Mycroft’s name. John couldn’t help the hope that flooded his chest that maybe one day he and Sherlock would have that. If Greg had gotten through to the Ice Man, perhaps Sherlock wasn’t a lost cause after all. “Alright,” Greg said with determination. “It’s time to get pissed.”
was an unexpected result. Sherlock sat in his chair eyeing the wrist John had just seized and brought it up to his mouth. The warmth from John’s touch was still there. He could smell the perfume of course, but there was still the lingering scent of John. Cheap shampoo, gun oil, and something muskier. Ah. John had been masturbating in the shower before work. No wonder he was running late. If not for the disgusting tang of the perfume the detective would have given the patch of skin where John gripped him a taste. For scientific purposes. No, that was a lie. And if anything Sherlock did not lie to himself. The two men had shared a flat for months now, and John smelled like home. Idly he wondered what home tasted like.
Hypothesis: Increase in physical intimacy had triggered something in his “not gay” flatmate. Natural response to stimuli.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder and grinned darkly, his eyes glittering black in the sunlight from the window. “Just...making sure you’re ready for me.” He squeezed John’s cock and it was everything for John not to come right then. The sight of Sherlock’s wanton sexuality was not a sight he’d ever imagined, but one he would surely give his life to witness.
“I wasn’t prepared for the results to come to fruition so soon. My calculations did not account for such an immediate response of the… the subject.” Sherlock rocked towards John in a placid trance and his eyelashes fluttered. Sherlock’s pearly white skin was overheated and glowed with a sheen of sweat as he swallowed.
The game should have ended then. But the intimate touches and behavior from his flatmate intrigued him. Why had John allowed him to do this? Surely even John knew by now this was a farce. All John had to do was observe the data:
Sherlock licked his fingers and trailed them across John’s lips and pushed them into John’s mouth. John sucked on the fingers eagerly, licking between the digits, then watched as Sherlock brought them back to his mouth only to suckle them some more. This was the most pornographic thing John had ever seen, but then Sherlock
his friend was nearly between Sherlock’s legs with a burgeoning erection. Fortunately, John hadn’t noticed the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers, or the little whimper the detective made when he got a good whiff of
Well, now that was an idea. John allowed himself a wistful moment before turning back to his friend. “Not off the table. But first, you need to tell me what’s going on in that brilliant brain of yours.”
“Yes, John! For godssake. Are we talking floral or earthy? What? What did you smell?” Sherlock sneezed and the spell was broken. Both Monica and John turned their heads away from the spray. “Apologies.”
“I was a bit distracted, yeah! Now get away from me you berk, before you get me sick too!” John tried to ignore the flick of his eyes to Sherlock’s reddened lips and flushed cheeks, which likely meant that fever had returned in full force.
for me. So hot, tight, Jesussss…” John managed somehow, grasping Sherlock’s hips and bruising the flesh with his hands. Sherlock threaded his fingers through his curls and swiveled his hips in response and John bit back a yelp. “Not. Gonna. Last…like that you, git...”
They escape the cellar and Sherlock takes them to the other side of the mansion, far away from Mycroft and his office. Snow flurries outside, collecting on the corners of the window panes in small mountains. Definitely no chance of getting back to London, then. If not for the foreboding presence of Mycroft lurking somewhere and the bitter draught running through the place, it would be quite festive. Beyond the pale vista John can pick out hills and a line of forest, little lights where families are settling down for the night, cosy in their picturesque surroundings. Sherlock leads them through several rooms, walking so quickly John barely has chance to taken them in. Just as he thinks there can’t possibly be any more, the other man stops. Sherlock reaches for a key behind a dead looking houseplant and opens the door to what should be the outside.
It comes out much too fast and Sherlock reaches across the table to where he’s left the half bottle of spirit, drags his eyes across John from foot to face as he pours another glass for himself. The gold liquid reminds John of the sun and how it had shone down on him for a just a few precious weeks of white satin and neat flowers before forsaking him completely. His own glass is empty and for some reason still in his hand, such a meaningless thing that it feels ghostly in his fingers. It’s strange how senseless everything seems in the dark of night; how utterly void it is with the knowledge he’s been living such an incomprehensible life, months and days and hours and minutes of deception.
“I’m worried about her,” Greg admitted. “I am wondering if it was really her sending me those messages last night.”
Mycroft has friends? John thought fuzzily, but didn’t have the energy to respond.  Another thought suddenly occurred to him. “Unknown … infection,” he wheezed. “Biohazard.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Not really.” He paused. “She’s close to Lestrade, though.” He grabbed his phone, just about to send a text when the phone rang. Sherlock frowned at it before answering. “Lestrade?”
Mycroft nodded. “Mrs Hudson and Dr Hooper have been taken to a safe house, and are well protected. However I believe you can be of assistance to me, and I assumed you would prefer to be involved." He turned to his computer. “I have been contacted.”
“Oh that’s not right,” murmured the Doctor. “That’s not supposed to happen at all. And if it’s not fixed … Have they contacted you?”
Suddenly there are arms around him, holding his chest tightly from behind and pressing a gloved hand over his mouth. John panics for an entire moment, struggles and grunts behind the leather, until he recognises the press of the body behind him and the smell of Sherlock’s aftershave.
When they reach the Violet Club, Sherlock briefly thinks about turning back. The dark alley leading to the door reminds him of the hidden streets of Prague, passageways and seedy bars he had frequented for a few weeks undercover, back when he didn’t exist. Sherlock had consumed more alcohol in those twenty days than he had during his entire time as a student, the thought of it now bringing the memory of bile to the back of his throat.
For a moment he wonders if the rejection he so easily pushed onto Sherlock will be turned on himself. John can’t make any grand gestures because doing so would be a lie – of course he loves him, has always, but this is something different, something wild that he can’t promise can be tamed. There will be new rules and new lines, a whole rich tapestry of threads they can each get caught in and pull at unintentionally. It could all come undone, and so all John can really pledge is to try.
Pain prickles in John’s chest and he swears under his breath, shakes his head and bites the inside of his cheek. Before he really knows what he’s doing, John is standing, bridging the small gap between their chairs with his hands clenched at his sides. Wanting to help and offer comfort, and not quite recalling how to do either.
Whispered and so certain from Sherlock’s lips that they punch John in the gut and he can’t breathe for a moment. Actually feels his stomach tighten and his body wash with nausea, head dizzy and spinning where it’s hidden in the crook of a shoulder.
“I think we’ve both –” John clears his throat, voice forgotten from the insistence of Sherlock’s kiss. Considers the words in his head, wrestles with them for a moment. “Yeah – we’ve both wanted – this, for a long time, right?”
He’ll be purple and blue and green tomorrow. The canvas of his neck will be painted all kinds of colours – but John does not mind at all. If everyone knows that Sherlock has had him wet and desperate in the bathroom at Baker Street, then so be it.
It’s that kind of dry coldness tonight. The sort that bites through layers of clothing right to the skin even in the beginnings of a mild October, that gives away breath in clouds of white mist and makes the ends of John’s fingers tingle.
Sherlock makes a satisfied sound, fingers gently stroking the hair at the nape of John’s neck. He touches John like he’s disappearing, nowadays. John supposes he is in some ways. They both are. Parts of themselves dissolving into memory to make room for the next season of their lives. Sitting by the fire, with the man he cannot live without, and the daughter he doesn’t deserve sleeping in the next room, it’s undeniable that things are changing. Slowing down, becoming settled and predictable.
Sherlock reaches into the back of his skin tight trousers and reveals a slim pouch. Inside there’s a business card, detailing the name and address of who he believes to be the man’s next target. He tosses the stolen wallet to John, who catches it in one hand and sits up properly to read it.
“Wow,” John says, mocking surprise as he looks across at him. “Sherlock Holmes, admitting he can’t do something”
“I nearly lost you,” John begins, his words like tiny brambles that have been scratching at the back of his throat for years. “Again”
Sherlock takes the hint, removes his shirt in the time it takes John to sit back an inch and blink, then returns the favour; opens John up like he does every day, slow, one measure of self-control being peeled away with each loosened button. Baker Street is cold, raises the hairs on his arms, but that’s okay because Sherlock’s eyes are dancing over his exposed flesh like he doesn’t know where to look, and
John doesn’t know what Sherlock wants, what he needs or thinks about in the dark of night. But he wants to ask, now. He wants to spend every second trying to find those answers, discover them with the touch of his hands and the patience of a slowly mending heart.
him - it can’t be like this. Sometimes they still can’t even stand to be in the same room for more than twenty minutes. How then would they redeem themselves after this, both taking advantage of the other for a few moments of relief. This isn’t how it’s supposed to be, bathed in hurt and torment.
It’s a Weimaraner, if John’s not mistaken, doing its best to bound towards them, satin coat almost shimmering in the daylight. He knows his mouth is hanging open a little. Rosie looks between them both with a mischievous grin before letting go of the lead. The puppy sprints straight towards Sherlock, who crouches down with outstretched arms and nearly gets knocked backwards with the enthusiasm of uncontrollable limbs.
Sherlock obliges immediately, greedily moving his hand to a steady rhythm, attempting to appear less desperate than he is. He can feel John’s smile against his skin, small and knowing and it’s driving Sherlock mad as he tries not to buck up into his own hand.
The television has settled onto an Only Fools and Horses episode, Del Boy and Rodney run through the back alleys of Peckham dressed as Batman and Robin. John side eyes Sherlock, who looks confused but also mildly interested, so he lets it play out, smirking at the crumbs settling at the corner of the man’s mouth. Sherlock waves a hand at the screen.
'Sherlock doesn’t quite understand why, never really has, but he knows that there are words John simply cannot say to him in public. He accepts this, the pain of doing so more brutal than any knife.'
Sherlock manages to discharge himself two evenings later, much to everyone’s chagrin. The sun is failing and John’s hands are cold when they grip Sherlock’s own, steadying him as they climb into the back of a cab.
There are many reasons John should not lift himself from the floor to the bed, and he ignores them all. Obvious things that the both of them are aware of and wilfully ignorant of, have actually been carefully stepping around for months now, trying not to tip the dominos for fear they will fall the wrong way. It’s Sherlock’s fault this time though, offering something he knows John doesn’t have the strength to refuse. John takes the other side of the bed, keeping his limbs as tight to his torso as he can.
They’re really not prepared for this right now, stood in the middle of a woodland, the smell of pine filling John’s nostrils and making him slightly dizzy. Yet he wants it, so badly. The mild danger of doing this here, where anyone could find them, making him even more willing to let Sherlock do whatever the fuck he wants.
Sherlock nods even though he definitely isn’t okay, knowing he’d be in even greater distress if John were to move away. God if he could just have a few of the definitely illegal pills secreted below them, the pain could be ignored and the resulting damage could wait until afterwards. He can’t though, so Sherlock focuses on the whispers of kisses John is placing on his chest, avoiding the purpling skin spanning his right side, lips barely there but enough to make him arch up involuntarily for more.
One breath, two, and then he moves again. Squeezes lightly at Sherlock’s cheeks, strokes his palm up and down slowly this time. Teases that bottom lip softly and sweetly until Sherlock pulls his head back and cries out, John’s name right there in his mouth but silent, lost in a high.
When he’s standing in an air field not saying any of the things he wants to, John wonders how many times he’s supposed to let Sherlock leave him before he’s allowed to give up. Before he’s allowed to move into Sherlock’s heart completely, sit there in his old chair and close the doors behind him.
Instead, it leads them into a small circular room, the walls lined with books. It’s one of the turrets then, converted into a makeshift library. Just big enough for a small Chesterfield sofa placed in the centre of the room, and a wood-burner tucked against the curved window overlooking the grounds. Cosy and far enough away from Mycroft that they can probably drink both bottles before he finds them. Perfect.
Sherlock manages to smirk even as he begins to feel light-headed, does as he promised and watches John pleasure himself with practised ease. The way the man bites his lip almost sparks want again in Sherlock’s belly, but he fights it away, the need to recuperate more than obvious now. It doesn’t take long before John is nearing the edge, the arm he’s been using to hold himself up all this time starts to shake a little at the elbow.
The effort to prise his lips from Sherlock’s neck is immense, yet worth the concentration of desire he finds in the glassy blue eyes above him. Sherlock knows the question burning between them, of course he does, nods as he closes fingers around John’s wrist.
John’s right hand closes over Sherlock’s left. He straightens, so Sherlock’s forehead finds the base of his neck instead. Blood, sweat and another man’s smell linger on the skin there. Given long enough, he could probably decipher the aftershave used by the criminal responsible for the desecration, but he gets distracted. Betrayed by his own lips, that seek out the unmarred centimetres of skin just below John’s hairline.
Sherlock hums his agreement, shifting uncomfortably in his coat. The moist air clings to the wool, so he shrugs it off, folds it over his arm. John moves in the tub, pushing up into a sitting position.  His eyes are narrowed slightly in consideration, tongue darting out to wet his lips in a way that never fails to make Sherlock shiver.
John doesn’t reply because his palm has found Sherlock’s cock and is wrapping around him before he even has chance to think about it. Sherlock’s neck arches up from the pillow as he pushes his head back into it further, so John sucks at his pulse point too, moving his palm up and down once. That seems to work, the noises from Sherlock’s lips become more guttural, and John does it again, testing the smooth of his thumb across the wet head. It’s new and a bit thrilling to get such sharp reactions from so little, John can’t help the smile pressed against the man’s collarbone now, settling into a rhythm.
John’s right sleeve is dirty, a ley line of water stain across deep blue. He notices it right before he closes his eyes, Sherlock’s palm reaching down into his parted jeans and cupping him, fingers long and warm and for a second everything goes dark.
The cab halts and John’s guided out of it by a hand hovering centimetres from the small of his back, he can hear Sherlock’s jacket lapels brush against his Parka, like long grass in a late summer breeze.
“This is for you” Are the words whispered in the shell of Sherlock’s ear, hot and breathy and bringing moans from his own lips.
Somehow John manages to bend down one last time and kiss him, arching his body over Sherlock as he comes, unintelligible curses groaning between their mouths. This time John rolls onto his back next to Sherlock straight away, finally letting his overworked muscles relax. Minutes of satisfied silence settle over them, the blanket of relief like coming home after the longest time away.
Sherlock grimaced. Sentiment. It was always sentiment that clouded his judgement. The Work took precedence. It had to, or Sherlock risked going insane. But in the months since John moved into the flat Sherlock found himself wondering if The Work wouldn’t be more open to a polyamorous relationship. After all, John was more than useful in The Work and Sherlock couldn’t imagine it continuing without John’s constant care and guidance. Even if the good doctor hadn’t seen fit to devise a cure for the common cold, John’s brilliance shone in so many other ways. He was a bright star, no longer in Sherlock’s periphery, the sun to his black hole. If the detective allowed this to continue, he would swallow John, engulf him, suck the life out of the man and destroy his shining light. Sherlock shoved the tray away and drew his hands up into his hair in frustration.
be conclusive. Sherlock took John’s towel off the rack and slid it between his thighs, making sure it slipped between his arse cheeks and met the thread of pre-come on the tip of his cock. The cadence of John’s strokes was maddening. And increasing. Sherlock quickly deposited the flannel back in its place, pulled up his tented pyjama bottoms, and exited the bathroom, carefully pulling the door closed without a sound.
“Do you not want me to watch?” Sherlock asked and swallowed nervously. Ah, how the tables had turned. The man was apprehensive now.
“Jessuuussss…” John gasped and helplessly pumped his hips. The velvety texture and color of Sherlock’s cock was exquisite. Rosy and long and lovely sliding along John’s thicker, darker prick. John leveraged himself against the wall and wrapped his other hand over Sherlock’s, leaning forward for another searing kiss. It was all too much and not enough. Sherlock panting and arching against him was a scene of fantasy. Surreal and breakable.
“Boys,” she began and they raised their heads. She held out her hand and Sherlock bashfully deposited the keys to the Aston Martin in her palm. “Rosie is already asleep, so you two should go up and get some rest.” Her eyes glittered with mischief and pleasure. Perhaps they weren’t to hear of their punishment just yet, but then again perhaps she knew what they’d really been up to. John’s ears burned and he knew he was blushing then.
Supporting data: Masturbatory Schedule increased to 3 times per week, using John’s cheap shampoo. Legs spread involuntarily when John seized arm and sexual invitation was made: tilt of neck, dilated pupils, increased heart rate, heated skin.
Sherlock bloody Holmes was getting hard driving a sports car. It was by sheer force of will John managed not to whimper and look at the detective’s face, which was currently facing John instead of the road.
Sherlock glanced out of the corner of his eye and slowed the car. John took the cue and positioned himself where he could be in full view of Sherlock as he ran his thumb over his slit, distributing the leaking pre-come over his head and shaft. John bit his lip to quell his moan and tipped his head back at the sensation.
, did you not? I only started the second stage of the experiment last night.” Sherlock looked very much like the cat that got the cream. He issued a deep rumble from his throat and idly played with his own pink nipple. “
This time John was careful not to invade Sherlock’s space. Which was somewhat more difficult as Sherlock had scooted the stool closer to the counter and turned to face away from the table. John stepped in, feeling the weight of the counter behind his arse, attempting to keep as much distance from his partner. Sherlock held his wrist out to John expectantly, though this time he seemed to be more attentive to John’s reaction than usual. Perhaps he was more confident he’d located the scent of the murderer? John leaned forward and smelled Sherlock’s wrist, barely grazing his pulse point with the tip of his nose. It was warm and inviting and it smelled nice. But it was also too faint.
John chuckled to himself. Or catalogues the entire affair. Christ, but why was that hot? John would love to hear Sherlock categorize what it felt like to have John’s mouth wrapped around his cock, eagerly sucking him off. John would use some of Sherlock’s slick before pressing a knuckle up against his perineum, then circling that delicious little arsehole, reducing the detective into a babbling mess as he slid his fingertip inside. They’d have lube of course, and John would take his time opening his friend up, rolling Sherlock’s bollocks against his tongue before sucking them into his mouth and pulling ever so gently, before returning to mouth the crown of his manhood. He wouldn’t stop until Sherlock was moaning his name over and over again as he fucked his mouth, his nipples hardening in the moonlight.
“Only the best for my girl,” John added with a wink and Monica blushed. Her eyes glittered under her lashes and John had to resist giving the whole charade up. Case or not, she was stunning. She licked her lush lips and looked down, giving John an opportunity to admire her pert breasts on the counter. With a side glance he caught Sherlock rolling his eyes and tilting his head in his most
him. The man looked like he might die if he didn’t come soon. John wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s neck to pull him forward, their mouths only an inch apart. Sherlock closed his eyes and John pressed his lips to his friend’s. Sherlock’s lips were warm and pliant, just lovely and plush, and John licked into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock breathed a needy whine into the kiss and John moaned in approval.
The tikka masala smelled heavenly. Despite the take out boxes John elected to serve the meal on a set of newly washed plates. One could never be too careful. Seeing John take the initiative for something more than the usual styrofoam fanfare Sherlock had very politely cleaned off a section of the table from his mold experiment for them to enjoy their dinner. They sat down to what was hopefully mold free, domestic bliss. Thankfully the experiment didn’t smell. However, when John reached behind Sherlock to hand him his plate, Sherlock
Everything in this period is pale, scrubbed out as if someone has plastered the billboard of his mind one too many times, and nothing is sticking anymore. The distance between them grows, and only the small plump feet of a tiny child fills the gap. They smile for her even when they don’t want to. Gradually layers of John peel away until it’s just naked loss and exhaustion. A sickness that settles now because their puzzles have all been solved, and his wife is still dead.
“Because this is all my fault, yes?” John nods himself because it’s not really a question at all. “I’ve married an assassin and she shot you, just like that - I have her life on a
Darkness is swiftly creeping over the forest. They’d driven nearly an hour to find the place, a clearing in the middle of some woodland, lit by strings of yellow globe lights. Pretty, but not really efficient with afternoon turning to early evening around them. The few people who had been hovering around browsing had already made their choices and left long ago, leaving just the two of them and the bored looking old security guard sitting in a booth at the entrance.
John doesn’t get chance for the moral debate he’d planned to have with himself before knocking on the door because it’s wide open. He steps in and feels the warmth of the place thaw his breath and fingers. The lights are off in the sitting room but he can see a low glow from the kitchen, an Edward Hopper interior of deep shadow and dark corners. His chair is there, watching him from the far side of the room and exactly opposite Sherlock’s again, empty and expectant. Taking slow steps as if he shouldn’t be there, he finds Sherlock at the table, lit by the solitary light of his laptop and surrounded not in the map to John’s mind, but haphazard piles of papers and a lonely lit Bunsen in the centre.
The next few weeks are not Sherlock’s favourite. He has waited so long for this to happen, that every day and every stupidly tiny amount of possessions John brings through the door is like a new wound. Sherlock wants him now, all of him, wants to scream
John is an addict so he knows that having a taste of something is much worse than abstinence, yet he can’t help himself. Sherlock had been right there, turning him by the shoulder with his eyes crystal and honest –
“You’re being stubborn” Sherlock counters, moving his body back onto the mattress in one fluid motion.
For a moment Sherlock thinks he may actually protest, but instead John wets his bottom lip and looks at him, blank.
John’s eyes peel open one at a time and he sighs deeply, Sherlock can see his chest rise and fall, creating ripples on the surface of the water.
John looks up suddenly, his mouth about to part and then there’s a loud knock, sharp and unignorable. Whatever was about to spill from John’s tongue gets lost, as Lestrade pushes into the room, peering around the open door unaware of his interruption.
He feels John wrap a hand around himself again, the other curling around Sherlock’s own, speeding up the pace of his wrist. They move together, the same pattern of touch as they both fall towards the rolling heat of climax. Expletives drip from Sherlock’s lips almost silently as he spills over their joined hands.
He’s at the stoop of 221B without even knowing how. The sky is threatening rain through the density and it’s too late now even if he did want to run. He stares up at the curtain drawn windows and wonders if the map to his head is in there; pinned out on the walls like the most complex of cases, with coordinates and gridlines connecting all the hidden bits that he’s not yet allowed to see. He imagines Sherlock amid numbers and illegible clues, scribbling over things and rearranging the pieces of his life until they fit better again.
“Sorted then,” John concludes, eyes flicking to his own fingertips. “We’ll pretend to be a couple and sneak our way into the club”
Slowly, John stands. Pads over to the other side of the bed, naked in the morning light, and gestures for Sherlock to move up. He’s on his back again, but this time it’s not so painful when he stretches his right arm out, creating space for a taller frame to fit into.
Sherlock throws apologetic eyes at him, but it seems to be a losing battle. Mycroft saunters down the staircase behind them just as the wind picks up, hands tucked into his waistcoat.
He’s so sick of talking. He’s so beyond hearing why he can’t have the things he wants to have, why they can’t just be simple and right and his without complication. For a few dammed minutes, all John wants is to feel good.
Without really considering the consequences, Sherlock reaches down, stretches that little bit too far towards John’s hips. The shock of pain in his abdomen forces his eyes open and an angry sound from the back of his throat, hitting his head back against the pillow in utter frustration. John screws his eyes shut against the noise, stilling his hand for a moment as he opens them and looks down at Sherlock with remorse.
Sherlock shifts a little in his seat, hoping the movement will shake the interference from his head, but all it does is slips John’s hand further up his leg, drifting to the plane of his thigh. If John even realises the path his hand has taken, he doesn’t say anything or move it back again, all his attention apparently on his own breathing, as it puffs rapidly now from his mouth.
He makes a noncommittal noise, and John continues on regardless. Sherlock lets him, because in this he has stored little to no information, cannot grasp, and needs to, and John is bright now. Glowing and breaking through the black blanket of night.
Of course. The look on John’s face is incredulous but he can’t be mad. Sherlock basically just dragged them into the middle of a makeshift forest to get him off, another experiment into their sexual limitations that John doesn’t mind playing guinea pig for.
“You liked this, back in The Den,” John breathes, hovering over Sherlock with one knee beside his hip and the other between his legs. “Letting me take control”
The height advantage is instantly appealing and John uses it, controls the way their mouths meet, teases at Sherlock’s bottom lip with his teeth. All at once he wants everything, each part of Sherlock he’s denied himself from the very beginning, those carefully concealed truths that have been waiting here all this time, in the arch of Sherlock’s body as he strains hopelessly beneath him.
