He sits at the long table and stares unseeing at the stacks of files all around him. He’s not really sure when he slept last - he’s been doing his best to avoid it. Every time he’s tried, he sees Cas.
Dean stopped… “Hey, how did you guys get her home from the witch’s place if the keys were in my pocket…” He turned to glare at Sam. “You didn’t...you hotwired her?”
Dean hands over the pizza menu in a daze, hypnotized and left speechless by that deep, honeyed bourbon voice.
After not having spoken since entering the room, Dean struggles to find his voice but manages to croak out, “Hell yes.”
, of particular interest to him due to its role in returning Dean to full size after their encounter with a witch earlier this year — sets it upon the table before him and rises, heading to the kitchen to investigate the disturbance.
“This is my fault, I should have given it to you right away but you were so adamant about needing to cuddle, and I didn’t want to wake you up after finding the juice…”
Dean takes the exit and turns left, following Cas’ directions. They pass a number of wineries with names like ‘Black Stallion Winery’ and ‘Reynolds Family Winery’, or fancier ones like ‘Signorello Estates’ and ‘Clos du Val’. Parking lots full of cars and wine tour buses, the road lined with grape vines as far as the eye can see.
"C'mon, let's get to that cabin,” Dean said, his smile radiant. “I think we have some news those guys are going to want to hear."
The vagaries of business with world markets had often taken him away from home over the holidays, but the thing about being an orphan --and single-- was there was no one to be upset at his absence. It also made him invaluable to his boss and nicely padded in his bank account - which he was currently putting a dent in at this bar. Damn his overly exuberant metabolism for making him a very expensive drunk.
“Don’t worry, this won’t take long, okay?” Dean reaches slowly for the good wing, but doesn’t have to do anything - Feathers extends the wing on his own, and Dean gasps in amazement as the tip brushes the side of the cabin before it’s even half-way extended.
The squint turns into a scowl and is redirected toward the driver’s seat as Dean barks a loud guffaw. “That was a movie, Cas.” He gestures out the windshield. “Reality.” His mirth appears to fade to contrition, but the flash in his green eyes belies any form of actual remorse.
When he emerged from the dream, he had no idea how much time had passed, but the Bunker remained still and quiet - Sam was still asleep. Raising his head and blinking in the dim light of the table lamp, his gaze fell on Dean’s diminutive form and he felt the stabbing pain in his heart renew. He brushed his fingers against Dean, feeling for the spark, and was comforted by the tingle against his senses.
“Quick, Cas… more of the cupcake!” Sam shouted, heading to Tracy’s side as she began to rise. “Hold on, Tracy! We’re gonna fix this!”
“Are you ready, my love?” he whispers to Dean as he thrusts a third finger into him. Dean lifts his head from Castiel’s shoulder, meeting his gaze and gives him an urgent nod, his beautiful eyes slit and dark, his breath coming in ragged gasps. Castiel removes his fingers and a little sob escapes Dean but is quickly replaced by a shuddering groan as Castiel uses more of the lube to slick up his length and press the glans against Dean’s opening. Dean’s eyes snap open, blazing green and gold; his perfect lips part on a moan as Castiel slides into him.
“You’ve taken such good care of your body, Dean,” he comments, leering grin accompanied by the unadulterated hunger in his eyes. “I’m so going to enjoy eating you.”
Slowly, he approaches Cas so as not to startle him; a slip from where he was currently standing would be seriously bad news for all concerned.
“He, um…” Castiel searches for the words to explain that would invoke the least amount of embarrassment for them both. “He was very… amorous and I asked him to stop so I could talk to you before… well, anything untoward could happen.”
“I need you to look incredible tonight,” he says, tilting his voice down into a seductive purr that has worked wonders on both men and women in the past, “so when you walk into that room and come up behind me to kiss me on the neck, the other players will be thinking about how gorgeous you are and how jealous they are of me, and not their cards.” He sits back and gives Cas his most sultry smile.
Sam’s expression grows serious. “Has he been making you uncomfortable? How bad has he been? He hasn’t… propositioned you or anything, has he?” Sam pauses to swallow uncomfortably. “Or worse?”
“If you think that a mere poker game is going to stop the Leviathan, then you are ignorant as well as arrogant,” Cas snaps, deep voice dropping to a growl.
“Dean? Hey, is everything alright in there? I heard a boom and a crash…” followed by the chatter of the - thankfully locked - door handle being wriggled.
Yeah, Ellen will be pissed. The mission, a failure. But goddammit, Roman will be dead, and that’s good enough for him.
“Yessir, Dr. Winchester. I’ll get right on it.” Dean ends the call, laughing; the sound almost foreign in his ear. It’s been awhile since he’s felt like laughing, and it feels pretty good.
Dean snatches up his neglected beer and takes a sip, smacking his lips in approval, then leads the way out of the kitchen, the cooler wheeling along behind him.
Dean nods, licking his lips, and begins repeating Cas’ actions, his lips brushing Cas’ forehead and moving down, but Cas stops him.
, Cas.” He steps back, arms crossed. “We’re both adults and it’s a free country. We can do what we want.”
Heat and pressure coil low in Dean’s abdomen, the heat rising off his and Cas’ body in waves. Cas falls upon Dean, clutching him tight and gasping against his neck as the tempo begins to stutter.
Cas must have cleaned him up and dressed him - and he must have been way more worn out from the previous night’s festivities than he thought if he’d slept through it.
Wow, speech — in his direction, even. Maybe the guy is finally warming up to him. He puts on his most charming smile. “Cup of coffee, black, and some beef jerky — chili lime, if they have it.” He reaches for his wallet but Cas waves him off as he heads for the attached mini-mart.
Castiel lays a hand on his forehead and gently pushes him back down, fingers trailing down over his cheek,the mattress lifting slightly as Castiel rises. The rustle of fabric, the slight thud of his jeans hitting the floor tells Dean that Castiel is
Dean glanced up to Cas, the angel performing his signature squint, eyes going distant as he focused on the buildings below.
Sunlight streaks through the high windows of the bedroom. Castiel’s eyes flutter open and cast around the room - and then widen as he takes in the state of the their surroundings,
Dean startled at the noise, subconsciously pulling his hand away and making a big show of giving Sam his full attention.
“I thought I might give you a special treat for indulging me so,” Cas says, his voice low and rough. “Would you like me to ride you, my love?”
Dean nodded in agreement. “Sad but true.” He gave her another brief hug in parting. “Stay safe, kiddo, and call if you need anything, okay?” She nodded and waved to Cas as she turned and left, closing the door behind her.
He dreamed of their last trip to Purgatory, seeing Dean lying unconscious in the angel trap, bargaining with the Leviathans to leave Dean alive if he went with them willingly. Finding the blossom, fighting off the Leviathans and escaping only to return to the angel trap and find Dean gone. Returning to the fissure and hiding against the tree, unsure if he would ever see Dean again and vowing not to cross back over without him. Watching as the fissure became smaller and weaker, hoping against hope Dean was alive and on his way back.
Sam must have seen him struggle, and came to the rescue. “We have a cure, Dean! You’re gonna be ok!”
Victoria Harbor erupted in light and sound as they lose themselves in each other, the fireworks behind them pale in comparison to the ones exploding in their minds and hearts and senses. Sights and sounds faded from comprehension, their world consisting of nothing but each other for those few moments before they part, breathless and staring into each other’s eyes.
Sam’s voice is soft and consoling, acknowledging his brother’s misery if not fully understanding it. But Dean knows Sam’s gonna do what he does best - work the case.
Dean nods, sipping his damned fine whiskey (Single malt Macallan Rare — yeah, near-death experience or no, no one was keeping him from having a glass of whiskey after
While the burgers are sizzling on the grill, he watches his brother and his angel sitting at the table, Sam gesticulating wildly and Cas laughing and it makes his heart sing. The belt of Cas’ trench coat draws his attention, swaying as Cas laughs at another of Sam’s tales and Dean suddenly realizes where he’s seen that outfit before.
Dean chokes back another sob as he realizes Cas might still be here if he’d stashed the blade back wherever he kept it hidden before. If it had been on him instead of all the way by the door.
The players flip their cards, Dean holding a jack, the high card. Dick Roman sees the card and meets Dean’s eyes as the dealer shuffles the cards. Dean stares back, unflinching, as the dealer passes the shuffled cards to Dean to cut.
Dean doesn’t worry. The night is young. He examines his own cards — a pair of aces, hearts and diamonds — and carefully schools his reaction, feeling Roman’s eyes on him like laser pointers. He waits his turn as bets are placed around the table. Some fold, others raise, including Roman, and Dean matches his bet.
Sam chuckles, throwing his feet up on the map table and taking a long pull from the bottle. “Well, as far as you were concerned, we were.” He shrugs at Dean’s scowl. “Dude, you were in a bad way. Had to sober you up.”
say he needed to get some exercise. Perhaps he could coax Feathers outside to eat the rabbits - two birds, one stone.
Chuckling, he turns toward the pizza, sliding a piece on a plate and handing it to Cas. The guy looks at it at first like it might bite him instead, but Dean watches in amusement as Cas sets the plate and the bottle of beer on the nightstand in between the beds to prop the pillows against the headboard. Sitting back against the little cushion he’s built, Cas sighs in contentment and picks the plate and beer back up.
He sighs, then shoves his jacket into Cas’ hands. “Fine. But stay behind me.” Silently he curses not having a weapon on him, but he’s always been pretty handy with his fists.
net, but glowing radiant gold as Dean dressed his injured wing; the way his Grace responded in kind, crackling and sparking as Dean stroked his wing with glowing golden fingers. And as greatly as Castiel suffered at the hands of his Brothers who considered his actions blasphemy, their Bond an abomination - he regretted none of it.
Distracted by his examination, he failed to notice the witch moving soundlessly behind him until it was almost too late. At the last moment, he heard movement behind him and pivoted to parry the downward thrust of the knife borne by the witch with his angel blade, knocking it out of her hand and sending it skittering harmlessly across the room. Castiel lunged after her with his blade, but she danced backward out of reach.
This year, however, it was Sam, Gabe, and Jo’s turn - their high school graduation party, and Cas knew this was one he couldn’t miss. Having just a single semester left before his own college graduation, he had no more excuses - but he was admittedly nervous about showing up again after all this time.
It’s very hard to deny, the warmth of the water and Dean’s proximity chasing away his own shivering. He ducks to allow the water to run over his head, warming him fully, before spinning Dean carefully around and urging his head under the water as well.
Part of the routine was reviewing his dreams over his first cup of coffee so he would know what weapons to arm himself with before heading out to clear the nets. Last night’s feature had starred changelings - and even worse,
Sam rolled his eyes in exasperation. "Dean, that's what CELLPHONES are for. Anything comes up, I'll call and we can meet up. Promise."
Feathers didn’t move, his eyes going between Dean and into the distance behind him, then back again, and
His musings are interrupted by Dean breezing into the library, a plate in each hand. He sets the plate with a single burger in front of Sam, then swings around the table to sit next to Castiel, sliding the second plate with two burgers in front of himself. He leans over to drop a kiss against Castiel’s cheek as he grabs a burger off the plate. “Dig in, babe,” he murmurs, his warm breath brushing over the shell of his ear causing an involuntary shiver to rattle down Castiel’s spine.
Sam laughs. “Okay, you got me. But nothing else, promise.” He turns to leave, pausing at the doorway. “I’m gonna go see what Kevin found. I imagine you’ll wanna get some more shut-eye after your flight?”
"It took some conniving but we finally got you dumbasses together long enough to figure it out!" Jo laughed, and the entire family gathered around, folding Cas and Dean into a group hug.
A breath later and Cas runs the tip of his tongue from the inside of his knee, up his inner thigh and over to the underside of his balls, up the seam and the bottom of his dick, tickling the sensitive area at the base of the head. Beads of precome leak from the slit and Cas licks it up like nectar. Dean groans long and dirty as Cas slides the very tip of his tongue into the slit, and with one smooth motion, takes the entire shaft into his mouth.
“Lee needs me, says there’s some question about the bank where the winnings will be deposited.” He sighs, pushes away from the table and rises, leaning over to kiss Dean lightly. The brief flick of his tongue is a promise.
Until this night, he had never heard of a ‘corset vest’; but lo and behold, here he is in one — emerald green, black panels trimmed with gold piping. Two stripes of gold down his back are punctuated by a crisscross of black laces which pull the corset tight over his chest and abdomen (and he’s not gonna lie, pulling those laces tight sent a shiver through him that he was
“It was just very… possessive of me.” Cas’ voice muffled a little as he burrows his nose in Dean’s neck, his manic hair tickling Dean’s chin.
The next moment, Dean is pulled into Cas’ lap, Cas’ lips hot against his own, and Dean dives in, tongue tasting the edges of Cas’ lips before being sucked in, and whining at the feel of Cas growing hard against his thigh. His hips thrust involuntarily against Cas’ length, his own erection growing and sliding along Cas’, and Cas growls, sucking in Dean’s bottom lip and biting.
“Okay, here we go. Right… so the first thing you need to do is find where the break is. That’s going to determine if splinting it will even help.”
The soft down of Castiel’s covert feathers brush against Dean’s arm and he cannot suppress the shiver this time, as the angel reaches out with a wing to cover him as he lies next to him in the bed. The curve of the great wing covers his shoulder, the long primaries at the wingtip gently lying over his ankles, the alula feathers gently caressing his shoulder.
The big breakfast, the purr of Baby’s engine, the hum of the wheels on pavement, all conspire to make Dean sleepy. Leaning against the passenger door, he soon finds himself drifting off.
"We are,” Cas agreed. “But no longer.” Taking Dean's hand, he led him toward the cabin to join their family.
Castiel turns back to Dean. “It’s up to you, of course,” he says, staring into those amazing green eyes so full of love, but becomes aware of a gnawing fear growing in his stomach.
Lee reads his mind, waving a hand toward the lobby bar, Dean nods and follows as Lee leads the way. They secure a table near the back, close to the door to the staff area with their backs to the wall — training kicking in subconsciously. A waiter immediately approaches and sets two fingers of whiskey in front of Lee with a flirty smile before quickly departing. Dean raises an eyebrow and Lee shrugs, grinning.
of surprises, aren’t I?” he says, voice tight and dark, forcing down the bile that threatens to rise in his throat.
Cas laughs and releases him. "We should find somewhere to eat. It's been hours and we've only had snacks from the cooler."
“As a matter of fact, yeah,” Sam confessed. “Just a milk run, heading up with Tracy for a haunting up in Nebraska. Shouldn’t take but a couple days…” He cast a worried look between him and Cas. “You guys gonna be okay if I take off to handle this?”
he’s either desperate or overly confident. Either way, it tells me something about him, and all he gets from me is a name he already knows.” He leans against the wall and crosses his arms. “Now, he’ll be wondering
“I can feel two bones next to each other… the top one feels fine but I can feel a bump in the bottom one…”
Dean’s head buzzes as his heart begins to pound, a fresh pool of precome dribbling from his very eager cock.
“The same.” Cas couldn’t think of anything else to say without giving anything else away - but he swears he sees Dean's shoulders relax at the news.
“C’mon. Let’s go get your boyfriend and my brother back on his feet!” he exclaimed over his shoulder as he passed through the door into the hallway outside.
Castiel presses his palm flat against Dean’s chest and, reaching for his replenished Grace, sends a trickle of it through his palm in search of Dean’s soul - and is surprised to find not only has it not been depleted, it actually seems to have been
“Sam… wait.” Eileen jogs after him, grasping his arm to turn him around. “What are you going to do?”
Dean can no longer see, but he can feel Castiel’s lips curve up against his cheek, just before his lips brush the shell of his ear, moving across his jaw and settling over his own. Castiel kisses him, chaste and light at first, quickly dissolving to wet and hot. Dean moans into the kiss, whining and chasing after him when Castiel breaks the kiss and moves away.
use a hand — and not just with the wine. He nods and they set off towards the bar, empty glasses in hand.
“Yeah, maybe you’re right… give it a couple nights and see what happens.” He can tell Sam’s trying to sound reassuring but the questions in his tone remain.
A little break from the road trip for a quick look back at the bunker to see what Sam and Eileen are up to... wherein Sam sees things he never, EVER wanted to see.
The stools in the throne room catch her eye and she can almost see them sitting there, tense and rigid in each other’s presence. “FIX IT!” she had admonished them then, and it seemed like maybe they might have on their own — but she has always been impatient, and knows all too well the price one pays when they’ve waited until it’s too late.
“Congratulations,” he said in heavily accented English, and took a sip from the glass around lips stretched in a broad smile.
Lips, hot and wet, press against Dean’s and he falls into them; falls until he’s soaring, swept up like a kite in a storm, burning like a lightning-struck key. His fingers buried in Cas’ hair ground him like a kite string.
Although Dean was flesh again, he was not - human, not entirely. It seemed the “Pinocchio” spell only served to animate inanimate objects, not make them… real. So, like the still inanimate hunters, he had a spark that held what can technically be referred to as his spirit or soul.
At the same time, Cas breaks the kiss, arching his back while a hungry whine gurgles from his throat.
- but the bird turns that elegant head and fixes him those blue eyes, uncanny in their intelligence, and Dean can’t bring himself to even contemplate it.
Dean finally stops him, mirth dancing in his eyes. “Okay, I get it, I get it!” He grabs Castiel’s hand. “Can I put this damned thing on you now before I just drop it and ravish you?”
Flash. We see a bright place, filled with trees. An impala pulls up. Shot pans out and we see the back of someone’s head in front of the impala.
DEAN snorting and spitting out some beer. SAM laughing along, obviously confused. CAS just happy — happier than he has been. He has done the saying. He feels this close to the having.
Camera zooms out. We see the famous trench-coat from behind, Sam and Dean still staring on the right hand side of the screen.
(addressing all) Not to worry, folk. I may be the Queen of Hell and all Damnation, but I wouldn’t be if it weren’t for our boys. I am an ally.
I’m the worst at processing stuff like this, okay? At talking about, about feelings, and all that crap. I’m the worst. I don’t know how you did it.
The shot shows DEAN take his hand. CAS is then pulling him to his feet. For an angel, it’s easy. Like Dean weighs ten pounds.
I’m not saying leave hunting behind. Maybe not jumping out completely. Maybe leaving an arm in. Helping out the girls when they need it. If we see something weird, then we call them. Or other hunters we know in whatever area it is.
Flash. We see SAM and EILEEN laying side by side in bed. She’s gently stroking the side of his face.
DEAN is walking to the kitchen. He’s in his robe. Of course. SAM is out on a hunt. Dean is still getting used to not needing to leap at any danger he encounters.
Sam and Dean glance at each other in silent agreement. Both of them pull guns from their belts. Dean goes first up the stairs.
Uh, I’m gonna go… change. Feels like I’ve got God all over me. (He slaps a hand to Castiel’s shoulder.) So glad that you’re back, Cas. So glad.
And what have I always said? Maybe it would be different with somebody already in the life. No awkward explanations. Knowing they could protect themselves.
A door opens. SAM and EILEEN dressed as FBI agents. They hold up their badges in unison with matching smiles.
Frequent shots of Dean staring at Cas, of Cas staring at Dean, of Sam staring at them; finally happy to see his brother happy.
Rowena has a leash on the demons. There are more hunters out there that we know than ever. Any monsters would be stupid to come after us. We could basically  - retire.
I won’t be alone. (He looks back at EILEEN, then at DEAN again) And I’ve done hunts without you and I’ve been fine.
You’re braver than me… for saying what you did. I need you to know that... just because I can’t, I can’t voice myself right now… Yeah. Are you following?
SUDDENLY, there are fingers brushing over CASTIEL’s name. The fingers are too young to be Dean’s or Sam’s.
Flash. We see the same shot from earlier on of their backs — of the brothers looking out at all of their friends in the bunker.
(through a laugh) Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was talking to Sam the other day, and he… He told me that I should leave the life.
Shot follows the plate as it’s placed onto a light wood table. DEAN takes it and rubs his hands together — laughs at something somebody else at the table says.
DEAN is nodding along to the beat. Face nonchalant. SAM is staring out of the window; it’s cloudy, but not yet raining.
EILEEN places a hand on SAM’s shoulder. We see her lean down and whisper something into Sam’s ear with a smirk. He quickly forgets his books.
Jody pushes Dean so he jumps on top of the table (still holding his beer, obviously). Alex and Eileen do the same with Sam. He goes a little more reluctantly.
Donna is having an animated talk with Bess and Garth — Bess shows her claws and Donna jumps, then laughs.
Camera pans out — they’re surrounded. Dean looks unbothered. Still has a smile on his face. Angel trumps vamp.
Camera pans around. They’re having lunch with BESS, GARTH, and their kids, who have cow hearts to eat. Cas does not eat. He has ‘mojo’d’ Dean’s plate into existence.
We see SAM getting shoved against a wall in a dark room. There’s a werewolf in front of him. We see the wolf open his mouth, get closer to Sam’s face —
Another close-up of Dean’s face. He blinks, finally, and there are tears in his eyes. He shuts his mouth.
Right, exactly. But, I — What you said. (eyes shut. he gulps.) What you told me. I couldn’t stop thinking about it.
You’ve given more to this life, this — this whole thing than anyone, Dean. More than me, more than — more than Dad.
We see DEAN in the Impala - tapping along to the beat with his hands on the wheel. Pans out and we can see CAS by his side, CLAIRE and KAIA in the back. Claire is playing air guitar along with the music.
We see DEAN polishing a glass behind a bar. His bar. He greets a customer with a smile as we see the back of them walking in and sitting on the barstools in front of him. The camera swings around. We see MAX and ALICIA BANES. Both wink at him.
Well, if anybody has any life-threatening illnesses, or backache, speak up now. Or forever hold your peace.
Castiel releases a shuddering breath. He’s smiling again. He’s still unsure where they stand. Perhaps Dean is, too. But his hand is on his arm, and that’s all that he cares about right now.
Dean is smiling, but only a little. His demeanour falls as he looks at the phone. Then he forces himself to smile again.
Garth named one of his kids after you, by the way. Don’t know if you knew that. Baby Cas. Took quite a liking to me.
Jesus, Cas! I know you got your wings back but you could warn a guy. Did the sandwich summon you, or something?
Penultimate line — EILEEN stabs the wolf from behind, letting him fall down to reveal her (pure Supernatural fashion!).
Castiel looks like he could burst with joy. He gazes at his hands again; and when he looks up, we see him witness Charlie and Stevie share a kiss.
We see Cas squint — and he sits up suddenly. He turns and smites a vampire that’s standing behind him — teeth bared.
We see close-ups of Sam’s hands, fidgeting. Then of Dean’s hands, shaking slightly. He doesn’t know if he can do this.
(surprised) Okay. Yeah, that’s. No problem, Cas. (He clears his throat) So, you’re back for good now?
Dean flashes back briefly to their first dance and squeezes his eyes against the happy tears that want to fall.
“There! There it is!” Cas points excitedly at the sign for the winery by a small road leading up to a cluster of buildings. Dean turns onto the side road and up to the parking lot, pulling into a spot next to another of the ubiquitous wine tour buses.
Cas is looking down at him, eyes sharp and hooded, and Dean begins to understand what the rabbits Cas hunted must have felt like - prey. The thought makes his dick jump in his boxers.The motion catches Cas’ eye, his head whipping down to follow, and a slow, predatory smile curves his lips.
expecting), flaring against his hips. The vest sits over a forest green button-down with matching tie, the outfit rounded out by black tuxedo pants that hug his hips and backside like a second skin but with enough give that they don’t bunch up when he sits (he’s already made sure of this — it’s hard to concentrate on your game in too-tight pants). He slips the black dinner jacket over the top, completing the look.
But when they reached the Impala, Sam realized something else - the keys, which had been in Dean’s pocket, had been shrunk with him as well as being plasticized. Thankfully the doors were unlocked, so he and Cas were able to place the boxes and Sam’s shotgun into the back seat. As Sam bent over the steering column to hotwire the Impala, his first thought was how Dean was going to have his ass for tampering with his Baby - followed by a stabbing pain in his heart as he remembered Dean wouldn’t even know.
At least any dampness that may appear on his cheeks can be explained away by the condensation from the shower.
Now they sit in the late afternoon sunlight, the remnants of their picnic lunch next to them; ham and swiss for Dean, PB&J for Cas (one of the perks of being mostly-human again — Cas’ beloved PB&J no longer tastes like molecules). The noises Cas made while devouring it were rapturous enough to both turn Dean on and make him wonder if it was wrong to be jealous of a sandwich.
Or so the voice in his head reasoned, the other voice moving down and settling uncomfortably in his stomach. He didn’t get up and seek out Sam — instead, he rolled over and curled against Dean’s back, pulling him close, and Dean sighed contentedly in his sleep and snuggled back against him.
“I’m going to lay you back down, Dean. This should happen fairly quickly, so be…” Castiel was cut off by Dean’s howl of pain as his torso began to lengthen rapidly, his back arching in agony.
“Pretty sure that’s metaphorical,” Sam said. “A small strip of meat is often called a “tongue”, and blowfish is a delicacy in sushi restaurants, called ‘fugu’.”
As the clock inexorably ticked closer to midnight, the bar became busier and noisier, more faces filling the mirror in front of him. This suited Castiel just fine, an excellent distraction from his thoughts.
“It’s a shame, really,” Roman continues. “Apparently you didn’t trust him enough to give him the password to collect the winnings, and he paid for his ignorance.” Roman flicks off the light and turns back to Dean. “But that’s alright. He’ll make a nice snack for Edgar, as reward for his loyal service to me tonight.”
He doesn’t have long to contemplate as Castiel moves back and to his side, the hand on his neck guiding him to the bed. The bottle is set on the nightstand, then Castiel reaches for a pillow, tossing it on the ground by Dean’s feet at the edge of the bed.
James the bartender looked on, smiling. Pulling a bottle of champagne from the cooler under the bar, he popped the cork and filled three champagne glasses, setting them and the bottle down.
Cas is standing at the very edge of the wall surrounding the park, overlooking the Pacific Ocean over 400 feet below. His legs are spread slightly, shins pressed against the wall; Dean watches, his heart in his throat, as Cas closes his eyes, lifts his head, and spreads his arms into the steady breeze coming off the ocean.
He’s wearing a tan trench coat over the top of a midnight blue suit, black dress shoes, and a cerulean blue tie the color of his eyes laying over a white dress shirt.
The memory put a smile on Sam’s tear-streaked face, and he had a very sudden desire to read that book again. Wiping his eyes with his hand and drying it on his shirt, he stood and moved to the stacks of books.
our core temperature by a minimal amount, easily overshadowed by the exertion…” He stops when Dean begins to laugh, a disgruntled expression creasing his features which just causes Dean to laugh harder.
“Yes!” Jack says, excitement rousing him, and he reaches out to take the offered sleeping bag, hugging it to his chest in delight. “I’ve always wanted to camp out in front of a fire!”
Once he’s changed, he slips into Cas’ room, slowly closing the door behind him. He winces a little as the catch snaps closed, but Cas remains sound asleep, his hushed breath slow and even. Dean waits for his eyes to adjust, then pads over to the other side of the bed, slipping smoothly under the covers. Heaving a tired sigh, he’s asleep almost before his head hits the pillow.
“Uh, right, okay,” Dean stammers, turning back around and slinging the duffle onto his shoulder. “You ready to go? Daylight’s burnin’”
Well, for values of "it" - that's all I managed to get written AND art'd before the end of Suptober. I still have 3 more chapters - two written and awaiting art, and one partially written and needing art.
Dean curses, pressing the Aston’s pedal to the floor to coax more speed from her. But then his headlights fall on a figure in the road —
They’re sitting on a blanket, backs propped against the Impala, on the side of a nondescript road just off I80 outside of Gothenberg, Nebraska. A line of maple trees rises in the distance, swaying in the gentle breeze.
Cas looks up from his phone; warm eyes meet Dean’s and a flick of a pink tongue wets his dusky lips — the intent clear, and Dean can’t wait. He glances around the dim restaurant for their waiter.
-- would say, or feel. And this party was not about him, it was about new beginnings, for all of them.
They move to the kitchen, Dean's stomach grumbling and declaring his hunger, and he decides to make burgers, much to Cas’ hearty agreement. Dean knows they are, in Cas’ limited experience,  his favorite, after all, and Dean looks forward to introducing Cas to other things, like bacon… and PIE. Oh, Cas is gonna
Sam turned to face them, and as he shifted his gaze slightly to Cas, a fresh wave of laughter bubbled out of him.
fix this, Dean,” Cas said softly, determination coloring his subdued voice. A wan smile broke over his face. “But in the meantime, we might as well make you as comfortable as possible.”
Sam and Dean simultaneously raise their pistols, taking aim as the figure pauses on the landing and turns toward them. As the door swings shut with a loud clang, the lights flicker back on, the alarms go silent, and the man standing there comes into view.
The wing expands to full length with ease. Dean works it back and forth manually at the ulna joint, the wing action feeling smooth. Nodding in satisfaction, he releases the wing and Feathers folds it up against his body as Dean returns to kneel in front of him.
Dean definitely understands Cas’ fascination with the view — driving through the Rocky Mountains is always beautiful. Majestic reddish-brown granite mountains soar on either side of a road dotted with green sagebrush and pine trees, and it’s a joy to push his Baby through the curves of the winding mountain pass — although this means Dean can’t enjoy the gorgeous view in his passenger seat as much as he would like.
“Mr. Valente, you are big blind; Ms. Bradbury, small. Big blind is ten thousand, small is five thousand.” The blinds are placed and the game begins, each player receiving two face-down “hole” cards. They each lift the corners of their cards, except Dean — he’s glancing at each of them, examining their faces; but no one is giving anything away.
Sam stared at the page, not quite believing what he was seeing. When he finally came to his senses, he started to shout for Cas but thought better of it - Cas was with a sleeping Dean and Sam didn’t want to wake him, so instead, he hurried to Dean’s room and rapped quietly on his door. “Cas? Cas, I think I’ve found the cure!”
The guy glances down at Dean’s outstretched hand and Dean stomps down irritation — arrogant British pricks — but the feeling is immediately squashed when a large hand encompasses his and Dean makes the mistake of looking up. Full, dusky pink lips curve into a shy smile on a face defined by a jawline darkened with a permanent five-o’clock shadow, the angle sharp enough to cut stone. His head pans up and down; the eyes, even obscured by dark glasses, seem to bore into Dean and leave him feeling underdressed… or maybe just
Dean has enough time to realize it’s his guardian that has materialized in front of him before he crumples, and Dean staggers forward quickly enough to catch him before he hits the ground.
“Reality? If that were the case, it wouldn’t be called ‘Devils Tower’,” a high, lilting voice calls from the back seat. “Lucifer had nothing to do with this monstrosity.”
The men have slid off the benches and are now sitting on the ground with their backs propped against them, the fire finally showing signs of burning down. Across the top of the fire, Dean watches in amusement as Jack’s head lolls to the side, brushing against the top of Miracle’s head before he whips it back up with a startled look on his face; and a glance to his right shows Sam looking pretty drowsy as well. And if he’s being honest, the events of the evening — while awesome and amazing — have him feeling pretty drained himself.
The betting moves to Edgar, who also knocks. Dean continues to watch Roman, the finger still firmly placed at his eye, tapping, tapping.
For a split second, Cas does — stares deep into his eyes, and Dean feels like he could fall into the blue, fall forever.
Sam ticked off on his fingers. “Clothes, plates, cups, utensils, maybe a bed?” He brushed his colossal fingertip against his clothes again. “It’s not like your old clothes will fit you, and what are you going to drink out of?”
Castiel looks down at himself, running his hands over his very well defined chest, and Dean swallows hard at the gesture. “I appear to be unharmed,” he says, fingering the waistband of the sweats lying just below the “v” of his hips, “but I am unsure as to how I came to be wearing these.”
“‘M fine, Cas,” the usual Winchester litany tumbling out of his mouth automatically, a knee-jerk response. “Go back to sleep.”
Later, after his painful goodbye with Eileen, he found them in the Bunker’s kitchen, sitting at the table catty-corner to each other. Cas’ head was tilted toward Dean, almost touching, his hand brushing against Dean’s on the glass of whiskey in his hand. Even though Sam’s own heart was breaking, seeing them together like this was like a balm to his pain. Backing away slightly and making sure to clear his throat before he rounded the corner, he saw Dean startle and Cas quickly pull back, and hid a grin.
And of course, Dean never admitted anything was wrong, even when he fell asleep in a book while reading and almost got squashed by a sleep-deprived Sam, or face-first into the tiny pie Cas baked for him.
Rising to his feet and stalking to the kitchen, he grabs a glass and the bottle of whiskey. Slamming both on the kitchen table, he makes it his mission to get completely fucking wasted.
Dean looks down at the table next to him, strewn with every weapon they own. Wondering which one would be able to kill the thing coming for him, the thing that had blinded Pamela.
Dean gulps for air and fights for calm. A giggle or two escapes. “Yeah… Yeah, Cas, I’m great.” He attempts to stand, the lingering pain making him wobbly. Cas rises quickly, reaching for him and helping him to his feet. Draping Dean’s arm around his shoulder, Cas helps him into another chair, Dean wincing as he sits. Cas moves around the room, gathering his discarded clothes.
He was across the room in an instant, Cas pressed against the wall, the sock snatched from Cas’ hand and flung across the room, Dean’s hands absolutely
Dean reviewed the follow-on care for the fracture Sam had sent him. “So, check for swelling or infection, change the bandages on the wound, unwrap the body bindings every 2-3 days to stretch the wing shoulder joint.” Dean pauses. “It’s gonna take 3 weeks for the bone to set?”
Dean hears gasping and a needy whine and realizes it’s coming from him. He buries his fingers into Cas’ down-soft hair and pulls slightly, and Cas groans and sucks a kiss into his belly just above his navel, lapping it with his tongue soothingly after.
Dean reaches the velvet-roped poker room and the metal detector just inside, breathing a sigh of relief as he passes through; the spare key, being made of aluminum, does not set it off. He’s no sooner stepped through it and into the room itself when a figure steps in front of him.
Dean waits as Sam examines the picture he just sent of his work; the wound cleaned, splint in place, and the wing bound to the bird’s body.
Cas’ voice is low and shaking with emotion. Dean swallows a sob and bites his lip to still his shaking hands as he lifts the crown and places it on Cas’ head. No sooner than his hands have dropped, Cas’ lips are crushed against his, hot and urgent, salty from the tears streaming down his face; and Dean returns the kiss in kind and then some. When they finally part, Dean doesn’t let him get far, his forehead pressed to Cas’ and hands on either side of Cas’ face to keep him there, gasping for air against his lips.
Again with the puzzled squint and Dean gives himself an internal high-five on the hat trick. “I’m… not sure why that is relevant.”
“We should get a fairly early start again tomorrow,” he says as he sets the phone back down on the nightstand. “So I’m getting some shut-eye.” Pulling the covers down, he slides underneath them, humming in contentment. Definitely better mattress and bedding than he’s used to as well, and he sinks down into the comfort.
Dean meets his brother’s glare, then Ellen loudly clears her throat, breaking the tension. “Quit glaring at each other, it’s deafening.” Dean glances at his brother and Sam shakes his head, his lips breaking into a wide grin matching Dean’s own. How does she always know these things? “We have work to do. So, what’s the next step?”
Closing the laptop lid with a sharp snap, Dean stretches and yawns, back popping from being in one position too long. A weary glance over to the fireplace shows the fire barely flickering, so he rises and walks to the fireplace to bank the embers to keep them warm for the morning. He turns a worried eye to the bird, still apparently asleep on the makeshift nest - Dean had added a blanket underneath earlier for extra cushion and protection against the chill of the night.
Looking around the room at the many figurines, Sam formulated a plan. Searching the house, he found a couple of boxes and began to place the figurines carefully inside them. Cas gingerly placed Dean into the inside breast pocket of his trench coat, grabbed another box, and helped Sam collect the rest of the figurines. After all had been collected, Sam led the way out of the house and back to the Impala, each with a box of figurines. Cas carried his box carefully as to not crush Dean in his pocket as he did so.
Dean smiled wanly. “That’s… great news…” he said, voice fading out as his eyes began to close again.
It had been four weeks since he had awakened to find Feathers trapped in the dreamcatcher, bent and broken.
A strange sound filtered through the closed bedroom door - was it… crackling? No, sizzling. Dean knew that sound and so did his salivary glands, his mouth watering at the sound of cooking bacon. Obviously, this must be investigated, and his stomach agreed with a mighty rumble.
Castiel’s eyes snap open as a memory comes to him, and he gently grasps Dean’s wrists, stopping him. Dean glances at Castiel's hands, then turns confused eyes to his. “Cas, what’s wrong?”
“As we speak, the lovely Mr. Novak is likely giving Edgar the account number — or will be very shortly,” Roman continues, stalking around the room, the rope continuing to swing in circles at his side. “Give me the password, Dean.”
Finishing the salad, he took the plate and the tray into the kitchen, still chuckling, then returned to his research.
?” He shrugs off Sam’s hand and stands from where he’s been perched on the corner of the desk to pace the room. “Ellen, you went to a lot of trouble to get my ass into the BMoL’s training program so I could take this sonuvabitch out, and now you’re telling me you’re gonna
He swallows and manages to croak out, “Good morning, Dean.” The lingering guilt bubbles up and he asks, “How are you feeling?”
Castiel was becoming dimly aware of a rhythmic sound permeating the bar - a countdown? Releasing Dean, he glances down at his watch; Dean does the same.
Toni sighs and shakes her head, her frustration evident. “Go home, Dean. You have your license, and your number. Go use them.” She looks back up at him, eyes narrowed. “How
Dean drops a look at her, and she backs off a bit but still holds herself straight. Dean has to admire that — girl’s got backbone.
The drive this morning is far more pleasant than the day before, the change in clothing apparently loosening Cas up — not to the point that he talks much more, but his whole demeanor is far more relaxed. He still looks out the window most of the time, but while yesterday the passing scenery seemed to make him sad, the opposite is true today, the smile on his face one of delight instead.
Dean gestured to the passenger door, watching as Sam pulled out of the driveway and drove away, the four waving as they passed. “Shall we?” Cas nodded and climbed into the passenger seat. Dean sat behind the wheel, turned the ignition over and followed Sam.
Dean takes a deep breath to calm the rapid beating of his heart. “What about your… current form?” he asks, voice shaky, waving a hand to indicate the insanely hot figure now lying next to him on the bed. “You seemed to.. I dunno,
While he would always wake up with either Cas spooning him, or Cas wrapped in Dean’s arms, he would always end up dozing off only to be awakened again by a fully Holy Tax Accountant-uniformed angel kissing him awake, breakfast at the ready.
Castiel interrupted him, saying he had heard his prayer - if Dean had more to confess, he didn’t want it to hear it in this ugly place, to have the memory forever tainted by it. He turned and walked through the fissure, Dean behind him. No sooner had they stepped through and into the Bunker, Dean had grasped his arm and spun him around, pulling Castiel into his arms.
Shaking their paint cans, Dean goes first, spraying "DW" with his green paint. Cas moves in next to him and sprays "CW" next to Dean’s initials in blue.
, Dean thinks — stumbles to a halt as the bunker comes into view and Dean couldn’t be more grateful. He pulls the Impala through the gravel lot in front and to a well-disguised path leading to an underground garage, pulling into his usual spot and killing the engine. Wordlessly, both open their doors and exit, Dean moving to the trunk. Castiel meets him there, waiting silently as Dean opens the trunk and removes his bags.
How long has it been since he’s been stuck here, alone? He’s lost track, the days blending into each other in their similarity.
But as the image starts to coalesce, the sound reaches him first; sounds being made with his brother’s voice.
“Cas,” the words coming so softly Castiel has trouble hearing them over the pounding of the rain on the roof of the motel, and the pounding of his own heart. “Castiel,” Dean repeats, his voice strengthening with conviction, his eyes cast upwards, hope and love shining in them.
Dean was still unsure as to whether he was going to say anything about it at all - he was still experimenting with the idea of his bisexuality, even going so far as to date a very sweet girl, Lisa, and while he liked her a lot, was still attracted to her - he just couldn’t get Cas out of his mind.
Dean reaches over to pull one of Cas’ hands from the sheets, squeezing it; the other cups Cas’s jaw to tilt his face back up, so Dean can look into those eyes, so very, very blue — and he’s lost for a bit.
Dean was sitting upright in the bed, his eyes wide and darting around the room, hands brushing the sheet underneath him.
Then, during Dean’s favorite scene --Gordie fainting after crossing the river full of leeches and discovering one on his groin-- the boys teased each other over their reactions if the same thing should happen to them. Dean would turn to Castiel, asking him if he would get the leech off Dean’s dick for him. Every other night, Castiel would blush and roll his eyes, and Dean would laugh at his embarrassment.
“Yeah…,” Sam said absently, because his attention was now drawn to Dean’s clothing, giant fingers gingerly pinching the hem of his flannel shirt. “This is incredible…,” and poked Dean gently in the arm and would have knocked him over if Cas hadn’t caught him and set him gently back on his feet.
“Oh, that wasn’t all me.” Dean tosses a thumb over in Sam’s direction. “Most of that was just following the Sasquatch’s directions.”
Cas looked up from his admiration of the Sword to meet Dean’s gaze, eyes bright and a fierce grin curving his lips.
‘The Plan’ arrives two days later, flying into the small regional airport nearby on a nondescript Dassault Falcon 900LX (well, as nondescript as a Dassault Falcon can get). Dean leans against the Impala’s hood, arms crossed as he watches the fancy jet taxi to the tiny terminal and roll to a stop.
Sam seems to have recovered from his shock and is all business now, the sound of a keyboard clacking in the background. “You got it, Dean, I’m on it.” Sam pauses, clears his throat. “Seriously, congrats you guys,” he says softly, his voice still a little husky.
“But…” Dean's voice cracks and he clears his throat before continuing, “what about, I dunno, helping people who pray to you, like I did? Isn’t that your job?”
In one swift movement, Cas’ fingers are gone and Dean is down on his back in the nest. Cas looms over him, his wings extended and glistening with oil, blue-white light playing around and in between the feathers. As Cas kneels between Dean’s legs, grasping his knees and pulling Dean to him, Cas’ wings snap down and around to shelter them, Cas’ eyes incandescent in the darkness.
The first year after they had left for college, Dean came home for the party - but Cas couldn’t. Gabe had apologized for him, explaining Cas couldn't get away from his summer internship, needing the money to help pay for school. Cas couldn't make it the next two years either - jobs or studies always keeping him away.
Dean sighs, pulling Castiel back into a hug, to his delight. “I guess I was blind as well as stupid.”
“Tracy, how tall are you normally?” Sam inquired, holding out a hand to help her sit up. Castiel hastened to the infirmary sink, moistened a washcloth and brought it to her. She took it with a tired, grateful smile.
The next hand is dealt. The dealer lays out the flop — six of hearts, six of spades, eight of spades.
Dean takes stock of the equipment there, intimately familiar with everything and its position. Being able to grab tools or weapons immediately and without conscious thought being vital to what they do, he immediately notices the additions as Sam begins to point out the trunk’s contents for Castiel’s benefit.
he’s not dreaming when Cas’ body presses against his, Cas’ tongue insistent. Dean’s eyes fall shut while his mouth willingly opens for it, sucking it in and swallowing the angel’s moan with it.
Even in the dark, Dean can see the flush color Cas’ cheeks. “‘Ol Limlal’”, he says softly, running his hand one more time through Dean’s hair. “It means, “my treasure’.”
No, it wasn’t from the burgers — Dean hadn’t even gotten to those yet. He’s not even sure if he can.
A sound bubbles up in Castiel’s chest and escapes around Dean’s lips — a small sob of relief and gratitude. His hands scrabble at Dean’s shoulders, attempting to gain further purchase there, to bring him even closer.
Cas walks behind the benches but staying within the outer circle, past Jack’s to pass in-between Dean and Sam’s, and turns to face them. He smiles at them both, then reaches for the crown of branches on Dean’s bench and places it in Sam’s hands.
there’s a catch — these are the Brits we’re talking about.” She sighs, as if bracing for an outburst, and Dean is instantly suspicious. “They insist on sending one of their own along to control the money.”
Dean scoffs with confidence he doesn’t completely feel, given the stakes. “It’s poker. I don’t lose at poker.”
The whiskey sloshes in the glass, with Dean jolting in surprise at hearing his name and spinning to find the source. His eyes light upon Castiel and widen in shock.
of the lamp switch and then Cas’ warmth pressed against his side, grounding and anchoring him again.
Setting his plate on the nightstand, Dean snatches the empties to toss into the trash on the way to the fridge for a couple of new bottles. He pops off the lids on the table edge again and passes one to Cas before returning to his own bed.
Stifling a huge yawn, Dean closes the laptop and gets up to bank the fire. Grabbing the now-empty whiskey glass, he places it in the sink on his way to the bedroom.
This is where his worst fears come true - where Dean confirms it was a mistake, that he didn’t mean to say those words, to ask that question. He pulls his gaze away from Dean’s, staring at the wall over his shoulder.
During the drive back to the bunker, Sam spared a glance over to see how Cas was doing. He sat unmoving and unspeaking in the passenger seat, a hand placed over the breast pocket where Dean’s figurine rested, his eyes staring sightlessly ahead.
They have another quiet breakfast, Cas with his tea and crumpets and more of the local honey he is obviously enjoying, Dean with a food bomb on his plate that makes Cas shake his head.
Sam’s expression is puzzled at first, eyebrows pinched in confusion — then Cas witnesses the metaphorical light bulb illuminating as his eyes grow wide. “Oh… OH!” His mouth spreads into a wide grin. “Well then, I guess this is your lucky day!”
“Looks good… and it looks like he agrees,” Sam laughs. Dean looks at the picture he sent and then glancing over, realizes the bird is completely asleep, head tucked behind the uninjured wing and eyes closed.
The sun was decadently high in the sky when Dean woke up again, his first site being those blue eyes again, inches away but this time in a very worried face.
“Yes. We try to take forms more natural to the Earth so as to pass amongst you inconspicuously. For instance, my Brother Michael takes the form of a Phoenix, and Gabriel as a Sarimanok.”
Their incredible scene and the even-more-incredible sex that followed seems to have knocked Cas right out, but Dean’s mind is going a mile a minute and he can’t stop thinking about how much he loves Cas — and how badly he’s screwed everything up.
Cas’ shoulder began to tremble under Sam’s hand. He squeezed Cas’ shoulder, HARD, and Cas finally turned to look at him, his eyes haunted and bright with brimming tears.
As the next hand is being dealt, Dean glances briefly over his shoulder at Cas and Lee at the bar, then suppresses a shudder. His former lover, and possible future lover — Dean’s surprised to find he really wants that to be more than just ‘possible’ — are perched on barstools next to each other. Lee shoots him a thumbs-up. Cas does nothing, but the fire in those blue eyes speaks volumes.
Sam nods and sets his bottle down, moving behind Dean to gather the spices and bring them around to the front of the island. At Dean’s direction, Sam sprinkles in the oregano, garlic, and onion powder, then grinds salt and pepper onto the meat as Dean works it in. Nodding in satisfaction, Dean wipes the excess meat from his fingers as he tilts his head toward the paper-lined baking pan on the stove. “Can you bring that over now?” he asks, smiling as Sam sets the pan down and returns to the other side of the island and his beer. Dean forms patties from the seasoned meat and sets them on the pan, pressing a dent into the center as he completes each one. Finally, he takes the empty bowl to the sink, filling it full of soapy water and washing his hands.
As they head back to the counter to pick up their food, Dean turns to Cas. “I dunno about all this, Cas — they’re really into Chuck’s books and they have
“No, I dispensed with one that was useless and replaced it with one that serves our purpose.” He glances over to Lee. “Is he watching?”
As for Feathers, his strength and confidence continued to grow every day. Dean no longer has to go out to kill rabbits and bring them back, as Feathers now accompanies him on the rabbit hunts. At first, he would wait for Dean to kill one before pouncing on it; to Dean merely flushing them and Feathers hopping and pouncing on them himself, using his good wing to get a little lift.
Castiel’s head snapped toward the speaker, and disbelief clogged his breath and stilled every thought in his brain as the newcomer sauntered up to the bar, taking an empty stool to the right of him.
Dean can practically feel the frost starting to emanate from the other side of the bench seat, and briefly wonders if he should stop, but he’s on a roll. “Normally, I would think you were an only child,” he ponders, “but you didn’t react
he’s showering in there now), he sees the black stain on the carpet and splattered gore on the walls, and grimaces. Returning to the bathroom to wet a washcloth, he’s able to make some headway on the stains splattered on the walls, but the carpet is a lost cause. With a sigh, he returns to the living room, heads to the front door, and hangs the Do Not Disturb tag from the doorknob.
“So now the only ingredient left is “tongue of a blowfish”, and I am quite certain blowfish do not have tongues.” Cas remarked as they gathered up the items and walked back to the Library.
The world turns stark, brilliant white even though his closed eyelids, and a concussion of power explodes through the room, the metal walls of the warehouse shuddering and squealing from the force of it.
And once again he’s surrounded by the blue-white glow, and the rawheads are destroyed one by one - but now the tendrils have taken on the more distinctive shape of arms and hands. One is outstretched, lightning bolts flashing and crackling from the palm. The other wraps around him and pulls him close, the cloud swirling around him, solidifying between him and the attacking rawheads, soft but firm. The overwhelming sense of peace and warmth infuses him, and once again he drifts into deep sleep.
He knows Rowena typically used astral projection to spy on Crowley or her fellow witches, but with the breadth of knowledge she had accumulated in her extremely long life, he’s fairly confident she must have written down a scrying spell somewhere.
Feathers raises his head from Dean’s shoulder to give him a mournful glare, which Dean meets with an apologetic smile. “Sorry, you know you gotta do it.” The bird gives a grumpy sigh and rises to his feet.
So he bided his time. Let little things slip occasionally to test the waters. But after Dean's accusations in the bunker library after Rowena's death, Cas had all but given up hope that Dean would ever return his feelings. He left, his heart broken into a million pieces.
Castiel cannot deny him anything, especially when said in that tone of voice. He acquiesces, climbing into the shower, and is immediately pulled under the spray and into Dean’s arms.
Dean’s stomach loudly growled then, surprisingly loud from someone so small. His hands flew to his traitorous belly and he grinned sheepishly at Cas.
He slowly eases away from Cas, turning instead to place an arm around his waist and leaning in as if Cas were saying something softly. “What’s that, sweetheart? Really? How naughty!” he says, his voice carrying in the nearly silent room.
So Dean’s quaran-rou-tine, as he so cleverly (to him) calls his isolation schedule, decreases by a step (no more clearing out the dreamcatchers) but increases by a few more (rabbit hunting, wing exercises, getting
Castiel shrugs. “I would assume so, if it exists. I am the only one of my Brothers and Sisters who appear on the Earth in that form.”
Dean doesn’t have to glance over to confirm Castiel’s eyes on him; they’re boring into him like lasers to the side of his face, and he can feel it heat in response. “Only if you believe the guy with the best hand always wins.”
Castiel wonders if blood remains in any other part of his body, as it feels as though every drop has rushed to his face, and Dean laughs once more before kissing him again — not quite so chaste this time and leaving Castiel breathless when he pulls back, brushing his fingers through Castiel’s hair before settling on his jaw, thumb stroking his cheek.
Careful to not smudge the writing, he places the case back into the container, and the container back into the glove box. He slides the tape into the cassette player, smiling as the opening guitar riff of “The Immigrant Song” bursts over the car’s speakers.
Cas tears his eyes away from the program — Dean glances over and sees it’s apparently a documentary about beekeeping which is
“Potentially, one hundred and fifty million dollars,” both his smartass brother and the Prophet say simultaneously, beating Dean to the punch.
Dean fished out the box of witch-killing bullets, loading up his pistol and handing the box to Sam who followed suit, then grabbed the shotguns loaded with salt and iron rounds just in case, tossing one to Sam.
Dean’s frozen. The door closes behind them and tires squeal on the pavement, the Cadillac badge and ‘XTS’ catching the light as it peels away.
And as Dean approaches and takes the seat across from him, it seems he doesn’t need his Grace after all - Dean’s soul shining through the golden flecks in his moss green eyes.
Dean continues to poke the bear that is Castiel. “Won’t you sign it, dear? You’re the money, after all.” The glare Cas is directing at him deepens, and Dean is taken aback slightly, swearing he could see actual sparks in his eyes. He swallows nervously.
He looks over to the trash but doesn’t see the box there. “Did you actually take the pizza box out to the dumpster?”
As the last rays of the sun disappear over the horizon, Cas crushes his lips to Dean’s, tracing Dean’s lips with his tongue until, with a soft moan, Dean opens up for him. Cas ruts against Dean, thrusting him against the car.
Sam shrugs his gigantic shoulders again. “Brits provided it, part of the agreement when you got your Double-O.”
Dean sighs and takes the glass of whiskey Lee hands over to him. “Cas, I had to — I needed to flush out his tell.”
For the monsters that could be killed by “conventional” means, things he usually had on him - silver or demon blade or bullets, he could at least defend himself, killing them over and over - but rawheads are a whole ‘nuther ballgame. Electrocution is the only way to kill ‘em and he’s fresh outta that.
“Are you alright, Dean? What’s your color?” Cas’ lips brushing against his ear send a fresh set of shivers down his spine.
Dean waves a hand dismissively. “Plenty of hunters in the sea.” He strides over to Castiel, placing refrigerator-cool hands around Castiel’s neck and pressing their foreheads together. “We defeated Chuck, Cas. Let someone else handle the bit players.”
The contents of the bowl flared with a bright blue light, and with a shout of the activation word, Sam gathered that light into his hands and flung it toward the bed where Dean lay.
Dean absently scratches at the bandage on his upper arm and winces at the sting. Picking up the bottle, he splashes more of the whiskey into his glass and tosses it back.
Dean sputters, pulling his head out from under the spray. “Okay, okay, I’m good now.” He brushes the excess water from his face, then places a palm on Castiel’s shoulder, the other cupping his jaw, lifting his face to meet Dean’s eyes. The hint of concern is back, and the thread of worry around his heart pulls taut.
. “I have a poker game to win.” He cups Cas’ face between his palms to pull him in for a deep, hard kiss, as Cas pushes the button to end the call on Sam’s sputtering voice.
Dean scoffs. “Face it, Cas. Roman knows who I am, and why I’m here. He had our covers investigated as soon as I signed up for the game — he’s investigated
Dean heaves a visible sigh of relief — then suddenly there’s a hand behind his neck and Dean’s lips are pressed against his. The shock of the contact is quickly overcome by a growing heat beneath his skin, an involuntary moan escaping around their fused lips.
Dean hears the conversation dimly as though from far, far away, like a movie playing in the next room, the world grey and fuzzy.
Dean groans and palms his face. “I didn’t.” He fixes Lee with a glare that has zero effect on the glint in his friend’s eyes. “
It almost makes up for Bobby — for everything he had to go through to be here, at this moment. There’s just one thing he could do to make this better…
The world turns white, a shock reverberating through his body, and he jerks with the force of it. Just as quickly, the light recedes, leaving bright sparkles against his eyelids in its wake.
Castiel nods somberly. “Yes. I heard a shout but by the time I found you, you were already unconscious. I was able to pin the witch briefly but they escaped.” He sighs and looks down, unable to meet Dean’s eyes in light of his failure. “Unfortunately, I do not know what spell or curse was laid upon you. I attempted to heal you, but somehow I am being blocked from doing so.”
“Dean? DEAN! C’mon, Cas and Jack moved the grill to the meadow.” Dean blinks and hopes Sam thinks the flush on his cheeks is merely from the sun and follows his brother as he pulls the cooler up the hill. And when he reaches the top, he is not prepared for what he sees.
“Sam, this is a remarkable find! But these ingredients - “two cups of flower, worm fat, tongue of a blowfish… two tablespoons of wishful thinking? These are nonsensical items…”
Sam’s sigh of exasperation almost makes him lose it. “Dean, quit beating around the bush. What’s going on?”
He hears the soft tread of Castiel’s feet moving to the door, the zipper of the duffle bag he had dropped there. Then the mattress dipping as Castiel returns, the distinctive
“Business. Same as you.” Shyly, Dean’s hand once again reached toward Castiel, softly brushing against the knuckles Castiel suddenly realized had gone white, wrapped tightly around his glass. His touch was light, tentative, unsure. A shock like a burst of static electricity shot up Castiel’s arm as Dean’s touch firmed,  fingers wrapping around his on the glass.
Ellen cuts him off. “Just because you have a license doesn’t mean you can just stand up at the poker table and ace him in full view of witnesses!”
Cas, up to this point, has been focused on the passing scenery with half-lidded eyes and a soft smile, quiet and seemingly lost in thought. Dean had squeezed his hand a few times during the eight hour drive from the cabin, checking to see if he’d dropped off, but every time Cas had turned to him, returning the squeeze; the look in his eyes full of love and warmth, and Dean will do
on a leash.” He kneels down in front of Dean. “There’s one more thing you need to do, Dean.” From inside his jacket, he pulls out the bone, painted with the blood of the Fallen, and places it in Dean’s hands.
A solitary foreigner in a bar full of strangers on New Year’s Eve. Castiel was glad for both the sympathy and the hasty service, but would have traded them both to be anywhere but there.
He almost has a heart attack when he hears the door to the infirmary open behind him. He pauses in his march, the fear choking him, rooting his feet to the floor.
“They’re wrapped pretty tight - anything bigger’n a gnat’s ass is gonna trigger ‘em,” Rufus says, slapping a hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezing, then gives a tug to pull Dean around to face him. Dean is surprised to see an unfamiliar look of concern on Rufus’ face.
He takes a moment to contemplate the pros and cons of his new-found humanity and the increased sensory input now available to him. While inconvenient and often overwhelming, he now has the ability to admire not only Dean’s soul but every other part of him as well — and to experience the joy of falling madly in love with him.
“We’re both fine,” Dean says, waving off the concern. ”Took care of it already. Good thing I had the foresight to bring up a couple bottles of Borax from the Impala.” He takes another long draught of beer, his nerves settling. “So, whatcha got?”
Cas at first glance looks like sex on legs; his dark hair, still damp from the shower, sticks up every which way like someone’s hands have been buried in it, the flush on his face from the heat of the shower making his eyes impossibly bluer.
Cas tilts his head in his adorable way and it drives Dean absolutely bananas. “Looking for tells, I assume?”
Once back inside, ten hours behind the wheel catches up to Dean and, dropping his duffel at the foot of the nearest bed, he collapses upon it with a heavy sigh, his eyes falling closed. He hears Cas rolling his suitcase to the other bed and the shuffle of the bedding as he sits upon it.
Dean laughs and Cas’ smile is bright, like… yeah. “Let’s go, sunshine.” He offers Cas his arm, but instead Cas wraps an arm around his waist, helping him walk back to the casino.
So far, the views have been spectacular and well worth the added time. Currently, they’re on the Astoria Megler Bridge, surrounded by water at the junction of where the River meets the Pacific Ocean, the sunlight sparkling on the water like diamonds strewn across a blue field.
Dean had opted for taking Highway 101 down the coast, the scenic views being superior to that of Interstate 5, even though it would add time to their trip. It wasn’t like there was any urgency to arrive anywhere and no particular destination.
A familiar deep, gravelly voice echoes down from the top of the hill next to the bunker. “Dean… Sam… up here!” Dean turns to face the voice, raising a hand to shield his eyes from the light of the midsummer sun, which was just starting to dip toward the crest of the hill. A tall, lean figure is silhouetted there, the sunlight shooting around him setting him aglow, and Dean’s stomach flutters.
Sam pulled the strap over his head and handed it to Cas, who pulled the sword from its sheath reverently, the sharp edges of the blade catching the light and casting reflections on the walls.
“Alright, part two.” Sam sets the obsidian mirror up on its stand, then lights a candle and places it in front of the mirror so that it’s reflected within.
. He makes his point abundantly clear, stopping Dean’s words with his mouth, the hand not firmly clasping Dean’s reaching to grasp the handle of the door to open it. He releases Dean’s lips long enough to pull them both inside before closing the door and pressing Dean against the other side of it, kissing him soundly again, his hand releasing Dean’s to clasp both sides of his face and hold him in place to reiterate his point.
He’s practically euphoric — the late afternoon sun glowing gold on his upturned face, lips parted as if on a held breath. As Dean draws closer and lays a cautious hand on his shoulder, Cas drops his arms and opens his eyes. He turns to face Dean, and the pure joy shining in those blue eyes stuns him.
He had helped Sam gather the ingredients for the spell but could not bring himself to participate — asking Sam to question Dean after the spell was over and come to him personally to break the news to him gently rather than be there to witness it for himself.
“Okay, buddy. Let’s get you inside and see how to fix you up.” Kneeling down on the uninjured right side, he slowly slides a hand under the towel by the bird’s belly, making sure to cradle the feet as he does so. With a grunt, he hoists the bird up to his chest, wrapping his other arm carefully around the broken wing as he does so.
“Uh… oh, okay, so ugh… this sucks for the poor bird.” Sam says. “You’re going to need to pull out any damaged feathers around the area, then clean it with disinfectant - the first aid kit should have something you can use.” Sam snorted. “Just imagine you’re cleaning a knife cut after doing a spell, same thing, really.”
Awhile later, sated on s’mores and kisses, Dean leans against the log between Cas’ knees, head resting on a thick thigh as Cas runs a (thankfully clean due to the wet wipes Dean had the foresight to pack) hand through his hair. His eyes are getting heavy and the last thing he wants to do right now is move.
Castiel returns Dean’s hug, relishing the ability to finally do so without reservation. “Not stupid, Dean. Just stubborn.”
Tonight, the last of the cloud solidifies, forming a pair of mighty, glowing wings at the creature’s - his guardian’s - back. And as that evening’s monsters - vetalas this time - began their attack, one of his arms wraps around Dean and pulls him close, the wing on that side wrapping around Dean, the other remaining furled at his guardian’s back. His other hand, brandishing a silver knife, thrusts and twists into each attacking vetala, and they collapse into dust.
Dean nods, still shaking the cobwebs from his brain, and rubs the heels of his hands into his eyes before rising and lurching over to the table. He plops down onto the chair opposite Cas, who slides one of the cups and the breakfast burrito over to his side of the table.
won’t be able to concentrate on poker. With a sigh, he squeezes some soap into his palm and takes himself in hand, his strokes slow at first, savoring. But before long his imagination takes hold, dark hair and eyes the color of the summer sky filling his mind, and it doesn’t take long at all before he’s gasping and moaning, his cock shuddering in his hand as he comes.
“Now, grab one of the graham crackers, snap it in half, and unwrap the chocolate.” Cas follows his instructions as Dean pulls the marshmallow from the fire. “Okay, place the chocolate on one half of the graham cracker…” Cas does and Dean maneuvers the marshmallow over the chocolate and cracker, “... now pinch it with the other half of the graham cracker.” With his free hand, Dean reaches over to cover Cas’ hand with his own to show him how to squish the marshmallow between the graham crackers and chocolate and pulls the stick free.
Dean falls backward, his already-tender head striking the cement floor, and for a brief moment he blacks out…
Behind him, he hears a sharp intake of breath and turns just in time to watch Cas turn away and scurry back to his own room, closing the door behind him. Dean turns back to the mirror, seeing himself in a new light. It’s like looking at a completely different person. A voice in the back of his head whispers
With that, the rope spins in an arc and the knotted end flies toward the underside of the seatless chair, striking Dean right in the scrotum.
But Dean must know what he was about to ask, sliding from his chair to kneel before him, his eyes earnest and filled with honesty. “Yes, Cas. I love you. One hundred percent. One
It’s Lee’s turn to grin and pull Dean in for a crushing, back-pounding hug. “Great job, darlin’,” he drawls softly in Dean’s ear, his closeness leaving no doubt in Dean’s mind that Lee would gladly pick up where they left off — but no. Dean now knows where his heart lies.
Roman sneers as Dean leans over him, bone clenched in his hand. “Well, look at you. Good job, putting all that together.”
The exposure to the sun has cast a rosy glow to his skin, accentuating the freckles scattered across his arms and cheeks like constellations of stars.
“Sleep, Dean,” he breathes into Dean’s ear, sending a whole herd of shivers thundering down his spine. “I’m ready.”
As one, they tear open the doors and leap from the Impala, Castiel pulling Ruby’s knife from the inside pocket of his hoodie. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Dean on the other side, weapon in hand and aimed at Rowena.
Dean feels every bit of anxiety and uncertainty drain from him, and he laughs joyfully, leaning back in Cas’ arms. Cas’ smile is warm and wide, his eyes shining.
As Sam quickly moved to the sink to dampen a washcloth for Dean’s face, Castiel grasped his face with both hands and pressed his forehead to Dean’s.
After many, many hours, far too many pots of coffee (which Castiel dutifully maintained), and a hastily devoured Caesar Salad later, Castiel heard Sam exclaim, “Cas! Cas, come quick, I think I’ve found something!”
“We won’t find out what our cover is until we reach the city borders,” Dean says, sitting back down and returning to his breakfast. “You never know, your bosses might have decided to make us a couple of hick tourists.” When Cas continues to hesitate, Dean sighs. “We can always change before checking in to the casino if our cover calls for it. I have my own monkey suit in the trunk.”
. Castiel places a palm on his forehead and exerts a sliver of Grace, but it bounces back against his hand, as though hitting an impenetrable barrier.
“I was going to offer you the option of holding on to the headboard if you did not wish me to bind you to it, but as you can see, there are no handholds.” Dean nods, and Castiel continues. “What I would like to do in lieu of that is to bind you with belt handcuffs.” Setting the tie down, he loops the belt through the buckle to form a loop, then back through the buckle again to form the second loop. “Your wrists will be bound in the loops, and can be tightened by pulling on the end of the belt, here,” he demonstrates, slipping the belt on his own hands, and Dean nods again. “You will have full control of the tension by holding the end of the belt in your opposite hand, as such.” He pulls on the end of the belt, and the cuffs tighten around his wrists. “To release the tension, release the end of the belt.” He demonstrates this as well, then looks up at Dean.
Dean took his hand, and without another word, they turned and headed out into the night, into the beginning of the New Year.
Dean felt his blood beginning to boil, and reached over to palm Cas’ cheek and run a thumb gently over one of the dark circles under his eye. “Cas… did they hurt you?” his voice shaking with growing fury.
“KNOCK IT OFF, YOU TWO!” Ellen barks and her tone brooks no argument. It’s a tone Sam and Dean obey without question, the room falling silent.
Roman’s face splits, exposing jaws and rows upon rows of needle-sharp teeth. He writhes and snaps at the air, but he’s powerless to move, the bone holding him in place.
Sam is on his way, having taken the BMoL jet Cas had originally arrived in to Las Vegas to pick up their luggage and the Impala from the casino; he’s driving to meet them. In the meantime, Dean and Cas have decided to make good use of the resort’s nearby beach amenities, soaking up the sun and each other.
“When you said you believed I was an orphan,” he says quietly, his gaze still firmly out the window, and Dean reaches to turn the music down a bit to hear him better, “you were wrong… but not by much.” He raises his cup to his lips to take a sip but lowers it again, sighing and crumpling the empty cup. “I come from a big family, but we… didn’t exactly see eye to eye, so I left to be on my own.”
He didn’t even notice he was crying until he saw tearstains on the page of the book he was staring at and failing to comprehend - and the floodgates opened.
“Uh-huh, suuuure. I’ve seen how you two are, don’t tell me you weren’t interested in checking out the merchandise.”
?” He carefully, slowly, reaches his hand inside his jacket, palm resting on the ivory grips of the Colt M1911 in his shoulder holster, fingers closing around it.
Dean was the first to come to his senses, striding from the door to give his brother and Gabe a hug, Cas on his heels and stepping in to do the same when Dean stepped back.
The young man straightens and withdraws his hand but the smile remains. He gestures out the airplane window. “Kansas City International. Have a nice nap?”
Sam pauses, and Dean can almost hear the shrug. In the distance, he hears Bobby yell, “First motel in the Yellow Pages, under Roger Murtaugh. Idjit.”
“Regardless of the lack of an extraterrestrial presence, it really is quite magnificent,” Castiel murmurs into Dean’s neck,  the monument reflecting gold and orange in the rays of the setting sun.
Castiel isn’t sure what he expects Dean to do, but it certainly isn’t to slide from the bed and fall to his knees in front of him, sitting back on his heels to look up into his eyes, to grasp both sides of Castiel’s face and force him to meet his gaze.
But Dean isn’t finished, marching back to the desk to lean over and slap his palms down onto it. “And what about the other players — have you forgotten about
“Sam, can you just go check? We should have heard back from him by now.” Dean growls into the phone.
As the man reaches the bottom of the ramp, Dean finally stirs out of his stupor, kicking up off the Impala’s hood and hustling out to the tarmac as a ground crew worker pulls the guy’s suitcases from the belly of the jet. “Hey, I got those,” he says, grabbing the handle of the stacked rolling suitcases with one hand while thrusting the other out in greeting. “Hi, I’m Dean Winchester.”
Feathers squints skeptically but comes off the porch and stops right in front of the cabin. Slowly, he draws himself to full height and extends his good right wing.
Castiel pulls the fingers away, leaving behind the sensation of heat, Dean breathless from the memory and the feeling of hopelessness and despair.
“Well, that’s absolutely not true.” He turns toward Castiel and then visibly deflates, all earlier ire dissolving like salt in water. “Although I can see why you think I don’t love you after how I’ve been acting.” He turns in his chair and reaches over to take Castiel’s hands. “I’m so sorry, sweetheart,” he says softly, raising Castiel’s hands to press a kiss into each one, then glances up through his lashes, that wicked grin returning and Castiel braces. “But please, the next time you don’t wanna have sex, don’t use my brother as an excuse.”
Sobering, Sam straightens and nods, laughter still in his eyes but mercifully not on his lips. Clasping an arm around Castiel’s shoulder, Sam guides him back down the hallway to the Library.
, but…” Then those green eyes open and meet Castiel’s, thumb stroking his cheekbone and taking his breath away again. “Could you… just stay with me? At least until I fall asleep?”
A thin stream of daylight streaks through the skylight over Dean’s bed and strikes his head, the red and gold highlights in his hair sparkling in the light. Castiel can’t help himself, reaching toward the pillow next to him to gently run his fingers through it — not enough to wake him but just to watch the light dance — and wonders if sleep had broken the spell.
Dean inhales sharply, unable to take his eyes off the motion of the angel’s tongue over those full lips, and before he realizes what he’s doing, he’s closing the gap between them to crush his own against them.
Thankfully, since “two lovers on holiday” is their cover story, there’s no need to stop and change into more formal clothing. And while Dean has a sneaking suspicion this is Lady Bevell’s idea of a snide joke, the joke’s on her as Dean has zero issues with pretending to be Cas’ lover. Well, maybe one issue: the idea of it becoming reality sends a flash of heat through him which he quickly stomps back down.
His hand opens and Castiel sees a ring there, a chain looped through it. “Is that… is that the ring you used to wear?” Castiel squints at the ring, beat up and scratched from years of beer bottle caps popped off with it.
Dean groans and scrubs a hand over his face. Castiel moves to his side and presses a gentle kiss to Dean’s lips. Taking his hand, he pulls Dean to the front of the Impala and leans against her hood. After a moment, Dean joins him, releasing Castiel’s hand to wrap an arm across his shoulders and pull him close.
, Bobby.” Another splash of whiskey, another burn down his throat as he slams it back. Anything to dull the pain.
By the look on his face, Dean was equally astounded. Surveying the contents of the plate, he looked up at Cas, his expression a mixture of impressed and unbelieving.
“Dean Winchester.” His voice, smoky dark like aged bourbon on the rocks — and much to Dean’s surprise, without a trace of a British accent — rumbles from his chest and straight to Dean’s gut (and all points south). The lips quirk. “Your reputation precedes you.” He pumps Dean’s hand once, twice, then releases. “I’m the money.”
The dealer clears his throat to get their attention. “Lady and gentlemen,” he begins, and at the mention of ‘lady’ Dean quickly surveys the other players, his eyes falling on the lady in question — a young, petite redhead. He didn’t have tape on
“You did this… for me? How?” Dean asked, incredulous. Picking up the burger, he took a bite and the groan that came from him was almost pornographic.
But the enormity of the change between them became evident the next day, as Cas was leaving, returning to Heaven to see if they had any leads on where Chuck might have gone. Dean had accompanied him to the landing at the top of the stairs, and as Cas was opening the door to leave, Dean reached for his arm and turned him, the other hand reaching to grasp the nape of his neck - and to Sam’s great surprise, pulled Cas into a long, deep kiss. Sam’s eyebrows shot up even higher when Cas returned it with great fervor, then breaking free, pulled Dean’s forehead to his in silent farewell before turning and heading through the door. The look of longing on Dean’s face as the door closed, his hand pressed against it and head bowed, spoke volumes to Sam; and when he turned to see Sam staring, Dean’s face flared red. He gave Sam a shrug and a sheepish grin.
Dean feels for the knife, still under the folded blanket and pillows on the couch. Good thing he’s paranoid.
Dean lies still, floating, feeling Cas’ body all around him; their breaths and heartbeats merging, aligning, and finally slowing. Then, Cas rises and Dean whimpers, missing his warmth.
Castiel scoffs and looks skyward, fingers stroking his chin thoughtfully. “And what was that you told me… oh, yes: ‘A good player doesn’t play his cards, he plays the man across from him.’” Then he turns the full force of his glare back on Dean, the low fury coloring his voice startling Dean into taking an involuntary step back. “And now what he previously may have only
right now!” He feels the gentle pressure of Sam’s hand on his shoulder and briefly considers shrugging it off in annoyance - but he’s just
“I’m here, Dean. I’m here. You’re safe.” He relaxes his hold and Dean leans back, looking up into Cas’ face again, only to see the same blue eyes he can now admit he’s fallen in love with. With a start, he notices the warehouse lights are on, and there’s no sign of wings anywhere. Did he imagine it?
The sun is just starting to dip behind the trees and just then a shaft of light streaks through the branches, backlighting Cas in yellow-orange light and setting his dark brown head glowing like a halo, and Dean gasps at the sight.
Cas ignores him, but the frown is replaced by a smirk. “I am Dimitri Collins,” he says lightly, “and you are James T. Beyonce.”
Dean sees Feathers begin to gather himself, and with the first powerful downstroke of his mighty wings, the air vibrates with thunder, nearly knocking Dean off his feet. Up-stroke and another thunderous downstroke, and Feathers lifts from the ground. He rises, and his screech of joy shatters the air.
From the porch of the cabin, he can only see five of them - and all five are filled with Vampires. He reaches back in through the doorway, grabbing a machete from a hook by the door, and walks around the house to check the rest. Not all were triggered, but it looks as if an entire nest tried to attack him last night.
Sam chuckles. Getting the hint, he sets his beer down, wordlessly unwraps the cheese, and begins slicing.
Charlie nods and types quickly, the side barriers of the case blocking her keystrokes. The banker calls out each player, ending with Dean. “Mr. Winchester, if you please.”
He broke it off with her shortly before making the trip home, knowing it wasn’t fair to her for him to string her along when he was obviously in love with someone else - even if that someone else was taken already.
They come to a stop in front of the Impala, Sam continuing on to the driver’s side door and beckoning them over to the passenger side. Dean steps forward and opens the door to slide into the seat, while Castiel leans against the doorframe. “That’s because you didn’t open the glove box,” Sam says, reaching over and pressing a thumb over the keyhole. A light blue glow scans over it, and the lock clicks.
He’s still not sure exactly how much of that dream he wanted to tell Sam about - he could only imagine what Sam, or worse,
Dean sits up, breathing deep and savoring every painful breath as he fastens the buttons of his shirt. “Sammy, I’m fine. We’ll figure it out later.” Cas stands and helps him up, and his hands running down his shirt to smooth out the wrinkles feel
They finish their drinks and say their goodbyes with the plan to meet in the poker room tomorrow evening before the game starts.
A flash of hurt crosses Lee’s face but is so quickly replaced with his usual cocky grin, Dean wonders if he imagined it. “Anytime, Dean.”
As they emerge at the gravel lot by the entrance to the garage and turn the corner around the back of the bunker where the grill is usually set up, Dean slides to a halt and Sam almost plows into him. No grill. Dean surveys the area — the grill including the propane tank was
Dean sets the carry-on down in the chair and does a quick surveillance of the room. All appears to be in order, but he still has his suspicions. Lord knows he’s pulled his fair share of tricks on Sammy over the years and always expects retaliation.
Sam, standing behind Ellen, pulls open a drawer, removes a dark, rune-covered box and sets it carefully on the desk between them, the movement breaking the tension. “This is why.” He flips up the clasp and raises the lid… and Dean gasps.
Sam finds a spell to restore Dean in a place he never would have imagined. Cas and Sam restore the rest of the hunters while Dean recovers, and Dean finally shows Cas
But as he scans down further, the image changes — the sex god vanishes, replaced by a dork wearing the most adorable bee-print pajamas.
The warehouse lights burst in a shower of sparks, lighting the room in an eerie blue-white glow. The wooden beam over the doors cracks and snaps in a cloud of splinters, the doors slowly open, and a shadowed figure strides in.
“Yes, but Mr. Dodgson was referencing an ancient weapon of the Host,” Cas explained. He turned to Sam. “May I?” he inquired, nodding at the sword.
Briefly, he sees the sweat on Dean’s chest glistening in the remnants of his Grace dissipating into the shadow of his wings, before pulling them down to wrap around them.
Dean glances over. Cas is still in the same spot, the second bottle empty along with his plate. At least the guy finally ate something. His gaze turns to the table and the pizza box, which is no longer there.
“Thought we’d make a pit stop first.” Dean smirked to himself, recalling the conversation with Sam yesterday when he’d called to check in and found out they were headed to Seattle...
Lee laughs and something twists inside Dean. Damn, he’s missed that laugh. They were quite the pair, once, but ever since the fallout from the bar fight — most of which had little to do with the asshats in the bar, and more to do with Lee’s extreme jealous streak — they decided it was probably best to back away from each other. Ellen agreed. The fact that she’s okay with Lee being on this mission with him is one of the details about this job that still sits uneasy in the back of Dean’s mind.
A knock at the door breaks the tension and Dean turns to crack it open. Kevin stands there, looking sheepish and holding a plate loaded with a burger and fries in one hand and a beer in the other. “S-s-sorry to interrupt,” he stammers, and holds out the plate and bottle like one would hold out a steak to an angry lion.
Sam laughs and pulls back, big paws enveloping Dean’s shoulders as he holds him at arm’s length, giving him the once-over. “You look… different.”
Castiel follows. He’s followed Dean to Hell and would do so again in a heartbeat if Dean required it of him.
The spell called for both human and angel blood -- a mixture of the mundane and divine to simulate faery blood -- so while murmuring the Latin words in unison, both pulled silver ritual knives to cut a thin slice in each of their palms, squeezing the blood over the other ingredients in the bowl. Quickly wrapping his wound with cloth, Cas lit a match and with the final word, dropped the tiny flame into the bowl.
As Dean felt the tears welling up and irritatedly blinked them away, the table in the distance scattered with what were obviously spell ingredients came into focus.
As the other two lift their benches to set them outside the circle of stones and begin unrolling their bags in front of the fire, Cas turns to Dean, the remaining sleeping bags. “Dean?” he says softly, shyly, as if Dean would even consider saying no to him.
Castiel couldn’t stop himself from staring. Even in the subdued lighting of the bar, he was beautiful, red highlights glinting in the sandy blonde hair, dark eyes sparking green as the errant light hit them. The easy smile flashing warm as James the bartender poured whiskey into his glass, matching the smile and succumbing to his charm, as all do.
Rather than read off the directions himself, Cas activates his phone’s navigation program and lets it do the talking, and Dean can’t help but chuckle at that. He’s very much enjoying getting under Cas’ skin, getting him out of his comfort zone.
Dean watches, puzzled, as Cas approaches the bee, crouching further to be at eye level with it. The bee trundles around the center of the flower, and Cas continues to watch, his blue eyes wide with wonder and lips curling up in delight.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Dean heads for the door, retrieving the demon blade from the arsenal there, and with a heavy sigh, heads outside to dispatch the hellhounds and restore the missing dreamcatcher.
pretty worn out.” He stands, pulling Castiel to his feet and wrapping an arm around him, holding him close; Castiel’s heart feels like it’s going to beat its way right out of his chest wall. “Think I’ll turn in. Can you handle the dishes, Sammy?” he asks, nuzzling Castiel’s hair and humming in contentment.
The recent hours-long conversation between Sam and Cas a couple of days ago is still fresh in his mind, and Dean can’t help but chuckle at the memory. What Sam had hoped would be an interview and study of Angels for the Men Of Letters records, Cas turned right back on him, changing it into an '
Dean’s breath catches in his throat as he’s suffused in the warmth of the feathers and Cas’ body. His hands grasp Cas’ wrists and pulls him tighter.
Cas is truly upset so Dean does not want to dismiss his feelings outright, but also doesn’t want him to beat himself up over it because Dean had been
He didn't have to wait long to find out. About twenty minutes later, Cas walked in from the garage and through the map room, two shopping bags in his hands and Dean riding on his shoulder, grasping the collar of the trench coat for traction.
Jody’s brows pinch in concern. “How so?” She looks back at the table, and Dean follows her gaze. Cas looks up at them, gives him a soft smile and a wave. Dean waves back, his heart in his throat.
He comes to again, his vision fading in and out, and feels his heart stutter, and stutter again — his heart’s gonna stop, he’s gonna die right here in this goddamned casino parking lot and fucking Dick Roman is gonna live. Sam is gonna have to mourn another family member and that sonofabitch is gonna walk and…
Over the next several days, Dean faded in and out of consciousness but whenever he woke up, like magic, either Sam was there to give him a smile and a squeeze of the shoulder; or Cas, with soup and water and as many kisses as he could squeeze in between bites.
“This was a wonderful day, Dean,” Cas murmurs, warm breath against Dean’s ear causing goosebumps to race down his arms. “Thank you.”
“And this is me, in character, pissed because I watched you throw away three hundred thousand dollars and, at this rate, you won’t be here past midnight.” He turns back, angry blue eyes flashing. “Oddly, my character’s feelings mirror my own.”
Dean frowns. He and Sammy have had some knock-down, drag-out fights before, but he can’t imagine not having him in his life. “What, they didn’t like the trench coat or something?” He keeps his voice light, joking, hoping he can wheedle Cas out of this quiet mood, lighten things up a bit.
Castiel blinks. Of all the names Dean has called him over the years they’ve known each other, this one had never been directed toward him. He dismisses it as an aftereffect of just having regained consciousness. “Yes, I’m fine. How are you feeling?”
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Sam roll his eyes, but the accompanying smile on his face was fond and happy. His eyes meet Dean’s, and he gives him a barely perceptible nod of approval, and raises his bottle, angling the neck toward Dean.
Cas’ eyes grow comically wide; then, realizing Dean is screwing with him, levels him with a Class One Squint that would have turned him to ash on the spot if he still had his grace. As it is, it takes everything in Dean’s power to not burst into laughter.
“I… I want you, Dean,” Cas’ voice breathless and rough, and Dean gasps again when Cas grinds his hips down, slowly dragging his cock along Dean’s. “May I?”
Cas has changed his mind. He saw what came out of Dean and he’s repulsed - he doesn’t want him anymore.
He hears the flutter of wings then, and blackness encloses him — but it’s the soft, downy black of feathers against his face, his head — and he passes out yet again.
He was snapped out of his reverie by Sam’s urgent call as it echoed down the hallway. Placing Dean back in his pocket, he dashed from the Cave to the Library and all but skidded to a halt in front of the table where Sam was working.
“Oh, hell yes!” Crossing to the cupboard by the kitchen sink, he pulls down a glass and sits at the table with it. Twisting the cap off the bottle and pouring a good two finger’s worth, he swirls the liquid in the glass slowly to aerate it a bit, then takes a sip and sighs at the sweet, smokey flavor.
Dean’s eyes glow in the fluorescent light, bright with tears. His hands capture the sides of Castiel’s face, thumbs sweeping gently over his cheeks.
Dean crab-crawled backwards and Cas stalked him like a tiger with prey, until Dean’s head hit the headboard, and Cas was on him, his lips on Dean’s, chest and hips meshed, his hard length slotted against Dean’s and as they slid together, simultaneously keening and moaning into each other’s mouths.
Leviathans were the newest threat to appear on the Men of Letters’ radar, and one Bobby, as the head of the American Men of Letters, has taken a personal interest in. Their danger comes in the ability to infiltrate literally
He hears Roman in the room behind him, laughing, and grips the rail harder, the cold metal cutting into his palms.
Dean stands stunned for a minute, shakes himself off and grabs the bottle of borax, dumping some onto the head in the toilet and the rest on the body in the shower.
“Hey, Sam, gotta go,” Deans says distractedly, hanging up the phone on Sam’s squawk, and takes a hesitant step toward Castiel, hand outstretched. “Are… are you ok?”
Cas huffed, his breath warm against Dean’s face and making him warm… elsewhere. “Dean, you have not been in any condition to even have a “mood”, much less do anything about it.”
Cas' alarm turns to confusion, eyes squinting and head tilted in the way that Dean always finds unbearably adorable. Dean wipes the dampness from his face, drying his hand on his shirt before covering Cas' hand on his shoulder, and gasping, brings himself under control.
“Please, Cas… have patience with me,” Dean sighs softly, staring down at their joined hands. “I remember everything… everything I felt from, y’know, before…” He pauses again, the struggle to overcome his barriers evident and Castiel has never been more proud of him. “It’s still there, but… I have work to do.” Dean looks up to stare into his eyes and it’s all Castiel can do to keep from collapsing from relief and joy — Dean may be struggling to express his feelings, but his eyes are full of all the love he’s currently unable to say.
“Dean.” Castiel pulls him to a halt and he turns to face him; Dean’s eyes, drooping with weariness, suddenly soften as he reaches a hand behind Castiel’s neck to pull their foreheads together, and closes his eyes.
“I’m just glad you’re okay,” Dean says after he pulls back again, barely audible over the buzz in Castiel’s ears, then rises and offers a hand down to Castiel, pulling him to his feet.
that gets caught in those nets. Don’t ask questions, and for God’s sake, don’t hesitate. Anything that gets caught in them is not here to play tiddly-winks with you.” Rufus gives him a little shake. “You get me, boy?”
“Deal me out,” he says to the dealer. “Need… air.” He staggers to his feet and shuffles toward the door, trying as best he can to stay upright. Sweat starts to drip down his face; he wipes it free. He sees a bottle of water and a salt shaker on a table as he passes, and snatches them up. He dumps the salt into the water and tosses the shaker aside, chugging the salt water down in several gulps.
A warm palm brushes sand from his shoulders, and is quickly followed by a loud squelching sound before ice-cold liquid squirts onto his back.
Cas’ palm pulls away from his forehead. Dean’s eyes flutter open to see Cas hovering over him, hand still on his chest, tears streaming down his face but brightened by the most incredible, beatific smile. In another heartbeat, Cas’ lips are on his.
He immediately felt bad. Those were not just inanimate dolls -- okay, they were, but still -- they were his friends and fellow hunters, suffering under a curse.
“Not a problem. Remove your shirt, I’ll be back shortly.” Cas dashes from the room, quickly returning with a fresh blue shirt. He stops, staring as Dean shucks the dirty shirt.
Cas’ hands feel way too good on his skin, and Dean breathes a soft moan as deft, strong fingers begin to work the lotion in, kneading the sore muscles underneath — which is the only thing that's keeping Dean from rolling over, pulling Cas down, and kissing him senseless.
Dean meets Lee’s eyes. “Unfortunately, no. But one of the things I’ve learned is that the only people you should let get close to you is someone you can use as a shield.” Dean looks away then, scanning the room. “The last thing I need is an attractive accessory hanging off my gun arm.”
The plate held a tiny burger with cheese and bacon, and shoestring fries; the glass filled with beer.
Sam held Tracy in one hand and placed the other on Cas’ shoulder, stopping him, feeling the tension in Cas’ shoulder beneath his hand.
But when Dean finally rolled over, releasing him… Castiel found it impossible to leave him. The thought of Dean waking up without him there — would he be sad? Disappointed? The spell might exacerbate his fear of abandonment… perhaps even give him nightmares. No, he couldn’t do that to him, not in his current condition.
Castiel absently brushed Dean, crouched in his shirt pocket, as he continued to stare mutely at the spell in his other hand. He thrust the spell back in Sam’s hand and turned toward the storeroom and the spell ingredients contained there, Sam right on his heels.
Crap. Well, he should have expected Toni would bitch to Ellen about what went down in London. Maybe she didn’t tell Ellen about—
He remembered back to the werewolf, the wendigo, and the ghosts - silver to the heart, fire, salt rounds and iron.
“I woke up before you so went to a cafe down the street to get coffee and tea, and they had something they called ‘breakfast burritos,’” he says, fingers curling air quotes. “It has eggs and cheese and bacon, and it sounded like something you might enjoy, so I purchased one for you.”
“Wait…” Cas straightens and Dean instantly misses his warmth, just then realizing how chilly the night had become as Cas frog-crawls over to his bench, reaches behind and pulls out — to Dean’s infinite surprise — four sleeping bags.
How could this be? He had always liked women, enjoyed their company, liked the way they smelled and felt when he held them - but also realized he felt this exact same thing whenever he thought of Cas.
The doors slide open on their floor and they step out into the hallway leading to the room. But the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck prickle and he pushes Cas behind him, finger to his lips. Quietly they approach their door, finding it slightly ajar.
, Winchester. But your overdeveloped sense of…” she waves a hand, searching for the word, “oh, I don’t know, ‘
attractive male around her.” A pause, and that prickly feeling of being under an intense stare again. “As I’m sure you can attest to.”
He feels his own lips pull into a smile matching Dean’s own. “I am still on Earth, and also understand that reference.” His smile widens at his own joke. Jokes are also very enjoyable, even his subpar ones; especially when they cause Dean to laugh the way he is now.
Dean does, and looks up into endless blue, sparking and glowing in the dim warehouse. Dean’s eyes then move up —
Sam spun his laptop around, displaying a map with a number of crosses and an obvious clear area appearing in the center. “Each mark is the location where a missing hunter checked in last.” Sam tapped the ‘satellite’ button on the map and as he zoomed in to the blank area, an overhead shot of an apparently deserted farmhouse came into view.
They make their way to the order counter with no further distractions and order their food, both choosing the “Dick’s Deluxe” with fries and milkshakes, then wander over to the group of Impala owners.
He doesn’t have to go far as Sam almost runs him over in the hallway, walking briskly from the direction of the Library. “Cas! What happened?” He grasps Castiel’s arm, eyebrows pinched in concern. “Dean just came stomping through the library on the way to the kitchen.”
“Perhaps it is appropriately named after all - formed of cooled lava, which is of course heated by small leaks of Hellfire.” She hums approvingly. “It can stay.”
Dean’s fingers drum a one-handed beat on the steering wheel, keeping time with John Bonham coming over the speakers. His other hand, resting on the bench seat next to him, is loosely entwined with Cas’.
Castiel turns a puzzled glance at Sam. “What does the Nile River have to do with this situation?” He sighs in exasperation as both brothers burst into laughter. “I don’t understand that reference.”
Dean hitched a sob. “I’m so, so sorry, Cas,” he choked out. “I missed you so damned much. I never found anyone like you… no one else even came close.”
Cas takes the stack but his eyes don’t drop to look at them. “Pizza is fine, Dean. Hand me the menu and I’ll order while you’re showering.”
While the witch evaluated the new shiny, Sam slipped one of Crowley’s tracker coins into a fold of the dress.  He and Cas could catch her again later.
“Men have penis’ while women have vaginas.  I’m aware of basic human anatomy,” Castiel told him, slightly annoyed.
Dean rubbed at his eyes.  “That damned mad dog spell of Rowena’s.  I think I get it.  What it really does.  Cas isn’t rabid, or going crazy, or any of that shit.”
The soft sound of footsteps crunching on frost-coated leaves made him stiffen momentarily before his nose caught up with his ears.  He settled at the familiar, reassuring scent.  This wasn’t a safe situation, not by a long shot, but he didn’t need to worry about imminent danger.  At the moment.
He smiled a weak, encouraging smile that was mostly grimace, and swung an arm over the medic’s shoulder, allowing the pretty omega to assist him back towards the tent.  He may or may not have leaned into her a tad bit more than completely necessary.
Castiel couldn’t remember the last time he’d not felt hunger, much less been truly full.  One thing he could say about the Winchester pack, they were enthusiastic in their welcome of new members, and generous in their care.
Come back, Castiel.  Avoid needless bloodshed.  Your friends are noble in their loyalty, but you know that they can’t win against us.  I have additional reinforcements nearby, waiting for my call.  Come home where you belong.
Castiel sat down, leaning against the brickwork framing the roof, assuming a relaxed state.  And he waited.  It didn’t take long until he felt it, the telltale call of Prayer, and knew Dean’s tortured soul was reaching out to him once again.  This time he didn’t block the persistent voice. Instead, he dropped his mental shields entirely.
If his open defiance bothered Dean, the Alpha hid it well.  Then again, Dean had never seemed to give much of a rat’s ass about formal displays of submission, as long as his people did what he told them to.
Every time they made the trek to Persephone, the pack made a point to put a fighter in the Fifth Ring.  Clan Winchester was notoriously violent and ruthless, a reputation they’d worked hard to acquire and were meticulous to maintain.  A token fight here and there served to remind the locals why fucking with them was a truly terrible idea.
Naomi narrowed her eyes.  “Remember, this was your choice, Winchester.  A bad one.  You can shoot every one of us right here and now, and our people will come back with an army. We’ll wipe your entire Pack out of existence.”
Damn, but he’d needed that.  Alec really had been the perfect diversion.  And for the first time in maybe forever, he didn’t feel even a little guilty.  Weird.  Maybe it was all that time trapped in Hell.  Regardless, he wasn’t going to overthink the gift horse.
Those were lesser injuries; he’d ask Dean about fixing them later.  His mind focused on the spot of Dean’s neck where his thumb was still rhythmically stroking. The ever so sensitive mating gland.
Whatever Sam and Dean needed to work out, they’d better do it quickly or put it of off until later.  Cas had some very important plans for that tongue.
“It would be best for you partner with your Alpha.  But if you’re dead set against me, I’ll find someone else.  Ellen or Sam would work, but Sam is off limits and Ellen is out of town.  Benny is seeing someone.  Asa, maybe?  He’s a strong Hunter alpha and he’ll take good care of you.  It still won’t be a ton of fun, but at least you’ll survive to be a dumbass again the next time you ignore a heat.  But you need to make a decision.”
He flipped through the captured images, realizing there were far more than ‘a few’ photos of Dean on his phone.  Strange.  He didn’t remember deliberately taking so many.  Though Dean was extremely photogenic.  Finally he settled on one he’d taken from a side view of Dean leaning over the open hood of his vehicle, slightly dirty and oil smeared.  Castiel had taken it with the intention of keeping a picture of the Winchester’s vehicle on hand, should he need assistance in finding it sometime.  But he seemed to have cut off the majority of the Impala, the image focusing almost entirely on Dean instead.  Odd.
Clan Harvelle was the closest thing the Winchesters had to neighbors.  A few years back, the small pack suffered grievous losses.  Sensing chum in the water, the pack was ruthlessly plagued by raiders and thieves.  Out of options, they petitioned to be absorbed by the fiercely aggressive Winchester Clan.  The Alpha Female, Ellen Harvelle, had been ready to give up her life for a safe place for her daughter and what was left of her people.  The Winchesters had a reputation for looking after their own.
Whatever.  None of that crap mattered.  What did matter was that there was something, anything, Dean could do to take the pressure off his brother, even it was temporary.  It was hardly the first devil’s bargain Dean had made to ensure Sam’s safety.
(I did a bitch/jerk moment.  Look, the opportunity presented itself and I’ve always wanted to do one, damnit.)
Dean rolled his eyes.  “I guess we should go make with the introductions.  Who knows, we may even be graced with a name.”
Castiel pushed at Dean’s shoulder, sending him rolling fully onto his back.  Dean allowed it, tucking one arm behind him to pillow his head as he watched warily for Cas’ next move.  He didn’t bother attempting to talk with the uber Angel.  He’d already considered all his options the moment Castiel made his intentions known.  It was simple math, really.  As things currently stood, Sam was safe.  More than that, he was getting a full night’s worth of quality sleep for the first time in forever.
Dean stayed where he was a while longer, waiting to fully catch his breath, for his heart rate to slow to baseline.  Finally he sat up, wincing at the ache in his back from being bent against a car hood for too long.  He stretched, closed his pants and walked around to the trunk.  He rooted around a bit among the myriad of weapons, finally pulling out a hidden bottle of hillbilly moonshine he’d stashed in the stained side pouch.  Now seemed like an awesome time to get blind drunk and pass out.
Dean glared at the shot glass in his hand, looking distinctly betrayed.  He closed his eyes, let out a deep breath, and knocked it back.  Behind him, the small group of spectators cheered.
“Remember our deal, Cas,” Dean growled.  “No lies.  So I’m askin’.  Do you want to leave with them?”
“Here’s the thing,” Dean began.  “The woods give us what we need, though we try and not milk it too heavily.  But we don’t have much in the way of trade.  A lot of what we got comes from pit fighting in the border towns.”
But sometimes he couldn’t help himself.  Okay, not completely true.  Maybe he just didn’t want to help himself.  What he did want was to get laid, and he wanted to do it with another man.  Top, bottom, sideways.  Didn’t matter to him.  Because he’d be sneaking out in a flood of self-recrimination as soon as it was over no matter how things went down.
True, Dean hadn’t specifically refused him.  He never had, not once in all the years they’d been getting naked with each other.
John had to force himself to ask the next question.  “Tell me he wore a condom.  That you did that much to stay safe.”
She turned her full attention towards the jeep.  “Castiel.  It’s time to come home.  You know the rules our Pack Father laid out for us.  You need to return.  Rafael personally dispatched me to retrieve you.”
Cas leaned back and smiled.  The look in Cas’ eyes, it wasn’t quite right.  Distant.  When Castiel had always looked at him when they were like this it was intense, possessive, occasionally angry, but very much present. Now, Cas’ smile was sweet but…sad, as if he was well aware something vital was missing.  Dean closed his eyes, unwilling to think too much on what was broken between them.
Castiel followed.  The short car ride was quiet, but not uncomfortably so.  He waited in the car while Dean went to the motel’s front office to trade his single king for a pair of beds.  Dean emerged a minute later and led the way to a corner room.
Cas’ eyes flicker down for a moment. He misses JACK. He doesn’t mention it. His happiness for him outweighs that.
There’s a rustle around the Bunker. Those who know ROWENA know that she’s a Witch. Those who know her better know that she’s the Queen of Hell.
And when it is their time, they still won’t be truly gone. Not really. Their legend will live on with all hunters, with all their family. And with
“Still kickin’,” Dean drawled from where he was sitting at the map table, eyes locked on the pizza box in his brother’s hand with laser-precise focus.
Sam noticed, of course.  There was little that went on with Dean that Sam didn’t see.  But Dean needed this shred of normalcy, needed the act and the bravado.  They all did.  So everyone kept pretending, hoping that if they could only hold it together long enough, it would become reality.
“Consider it done.  Did we at least get something good out of that damn pit battle?  Since we’re down our meanest fighter?”
Hearing his name from a familiar voice, Dean turned and strode over to where Sam had barged his way to the front at the fence.  “Dean, we don’t need gun powder this badly.  You can still step down.”  His brother was wearing his best serious, ernest expression.  Charming, but it had never had much effect on Dean.  And with the promise of violence in the air, there was zero way it was going to start now.
Silence fell, and to a person they gazed at the trio of Alphas.  “You lot are here to hear what we have to say and pass the word to your assigned teams.  So pay freaking attention.”
“Alright.  Why don’t you hop out?  Not enough room up front, really.”  He’d managed in the past, but he wanted this to be more than some random quickie.
“Let’s see, whose next.  Avoid this one, he’s an ass.  This one thinks he’s a sex god but blows his load in the first 30 seconds….oh, now this one is interesting.  She can do this thing with her tongue…”
But for now, he took another, deeper lap at that sweet hole, loving the sounds Dean made for him nearly as much as the taste of eager omega.  He pressed his face in deep, tongue fucking Dean’s eager asshole.  He’d never really appreciated not requiring oxygen as much as he did at this moment.  It allowed him to take his time and enjoy the taste of his partner as much as he desired.
He could handle all the anger Dean wanted to throw at him, but hurt or disappointment?  Those he felt keenly.  Whatever it was that he and Dean shared, it was something special.  Precious.  And Cas had the very real concern that he’d damaged it beyond repair.
“Accident,” Cas replied, as he always did, opening his mouth for Dean’s probing tongue.  Dean chuckled.
Dean didn’t give a hot crap about any of that; his pack was not allowed to bet with anyone but each other.  Ordinarily Crowley would object to such 'insider trading' as he called it, but the wily Alpha left their betting alone as long as the Winchesters slipped him a bottle of Hunter’s Helper on the regular.  The moonshine was a secret pack recipe and the primary export for the pack.  The Winchester pack did very well for themselves.
The pack had needed a strong deterrent to protect their increasing numbers from raiders and thieves. Rather than subjecting Sam to that life, Dean had taken over the entirety of the job on himself.  He’d grown up rough; his father's pet boogyman.  As far back as he could remember, it had been his job to fight and kill anyone that threatened his people or territory.  That much blood spilled so young changed a person.
“Admiring your work?” he asked, amused.  There was no point in being annoyed.  One didn’t fuck an Apex Alpha if they weren’t prepared for a prestigious amount of marking.   And Dean had certainly left his share of his own marks on Cas’ body during their time together.
Of course, the deeper implications of his brother’s state spoke to a whole other issue.  Sam didn’t sleep easily these days.
“Yeah well, Cas nullified them.  All at once.  He did some kind of damn Angel body cleanse and cleaned me out.”
Cas could have saved all of them a lot of pain and difficulty, hours of arguing with a mule-stubborn Winchester, if he’d just thought of this solution earlier.  It was so obvious in retrospect.
“Really, it’s all about the build up,” Dean glanced at his phone, smirking faintly at the image looking so intently back at him.  He looked up into the distance, eyes flashing to demon black before bleeding back to their usual shade of fan fiction green, the transition so quick that the ladies completely missed it.  Not that they really mattered in the grand scheme of things.
Next to them, the brunette female of Crowley’s crew laughed.  “Now you know why the boss was so willing to give him up.  That one just isn’t right in the head.  Best of luck, Winchester.”
By the time Dean had gotten out and walked to the other side of the car, Castiel had already emerged and was standing by the door, shifting uncomfortably, a familiar deer-in-the-headlights look on his face.
Sam was the smart, reasonable, cautious one, while Dean played increasingly dumb and vicious.  It usually worked, too.  Mostly because it wasn’t that much of a fabrication.  Dean was plenty smart, but he was one wrong twitch away from launching himself at his opponents.
Castiel’s orgasm took him by surprise; he’d been so lost in the pleasurable burn and ache of being thoroughly fucked that he never even noticed he’d been riding the edge until he was pushed over it.
This was the worst idea Castiel had ever had.  Six long, torturous days of fever and chills, vomiting and near constant nausea while he fought his body’s demands. Sam had helped, as promised. He’d stayed with him 24x7; radiating the soothing alpha hormones that Castiel’s omega body required, cleaned him up and held him while he shivered.  And he hadn’t fucked him.  Even when Castiel begged.
Everything hurt, his arms and legs, stretched so impossibly tight he swore he felt his tendons creaking, the heat of rope burns at his thighs and abdomen from his feeble attempts to thrash, to fight his way out.  Bruises freckled his neck and thighs, so many he’d lost count, each tiny, sensitive spot adding its miniscule weight to the totality of his agony.  His muscles ached from straining against the ropes, fighting to gain even trace momentum.  All for naught; he was well and truly bound.
Dean’s body finally gave out and he fell backwards onto his ass, strong arms cradling his head and torso as he was eased gently to the ground.
Cas scowled at the unhidden amusement in the bright green eyes that met his over the top of the paper, hopping into the car without saying a word and crossing his arms over his chest.  He maintained his stony silence for duration of the short car ride to the local bbq joint that Dean had chosen for them.  Castiel had actually heard of the establishment before; it was said to be renowned for its flavorful sauces and particularly tender meat.
Flash. Camera is on the lake — we see DEAN’s immense excitement as CAS reels in his first ever fish!
Dean bounds forwards, wrapping him in the tightest hug Cas has ever received. They both melt into it.
Dean knows this. And he knows what Sam is saying is right. He’s just struggling to process it — this is written all over his face. Like he’s trying to think of at least one reason why he can keep Sam with him.
-or anything from Jody, or Donna, or Jo, Rowena, Claire, Alex, Kaia, Patience, Kevin, Ms Tran, Ketch, Crowley, Gabriel, Anna, Balthazar, Meg, Garth, Bess, Mick, Donatello, Ash, Rufus, Missouri… Kelly. Anyone.
Sam and Dean share an amused look, before welcoming both of them in. She gives them both hugs — pats Sam on the cheek and gives him a wink.
Oh? Well done, man. So, what’s Heaven like now? Fluffy clouds everywhere? Have you actually included pearly gates this time?
CASTIEL is scowling at DEAN, still confused. KAIA is staring at CLAIRE. Slowly, Cas and Kaia turn to each other - their expressions both asking,
I’m getting old, Sammy. And I just think, what if there is a possibility that we can be… semi-normal, huh? We’ve both almost done it before. You, with Jess. With, uh, what’s her name — Amelia. Me, with Lis.
Oh. I see! He won’t have any hard feelings, me being Demonic Royalty and all that? I mean, I nursed that boy when he was poorly!
Camera sees a steaming plate of food being picked up. A juicy steak, homemade fries at its side, sauce drizzled over it all. We see a hand pick it up — CASTIEL’s — no gloves.
Cas looks at him - it’s like he’s realising for the first time that somebody might want him to stay around. He opens his mouth, eyebrows furrowing with confusion.
He walks away, and he gives Dean one last withering look. Dean ignores him. He’s still staring at Castiel.
Not too soon? (disbelief in a laugh) Sammy, we’ve just defeated God. Capital G. There’s no way that I’m dying from any monster now. Are you kidding me?
Dean pressed his pelvis firmly against his friend’s, grinning at the firm hardness welcoming him.  “No rules.  We’ll take it easy; see if this is even something you like.  Training wheels on.  What do you think about a blow job?”
Castiel froze, now three fingers deep, going completely still.  That particular word was rarely spoken between them.  It meant something.  “Please stop, or please more, Dean?  Decide.”
Their caravan was fairly small.  It included two large older trucks, their canvas-covered beds built to hold large amounts of cargo, two rusty open framed jeeps, one truly antiquated looking truck with an extended cab, and a number of bitsa motorcycles- vehicles coggled together with a bits a this and a bitsa that.
And what would he live for?  Stuck in a forced mating, even if it was completely his fault?  Living the rest of his life the way he’d always feared, always carrying the guilt for committing the worst of atrocities?
“Why are you here, Ellen?  Not that we aren’t happy to see you, but it’s been a good fifteen years,” Sam added.
Not that Castiel’s opinion was exactly unfounded.  A mere hour before he’d stood alone, chained in a pen and forced to watch while a mass of salacious alphas had literally fought for the right to own him.  His first experience with Dean Winchester hadn’t exactly started off in a positive light.
Castiel disagreed.  He still felt like he was burning up, his dick already throbbing with hints of renewed life.  Dean must have read something of Cas’ thoughts in his expression, because he chuckled, the ass.
Dean flipped him an appropriately vulgar hand gesture before heading towards camp.  Sam grinned fondly at his brother’s back, watching Dean trot down the hill, presumably to hang his soaked clothes next to the lingering flames of the fire pit.
Castiel lost sense of time, but when he came back to himself they were walking into Dean’s house, and he was being settled on a warm, firm mattress, his body covered with heavy blankets and buttressed with pillows.  A nest.  He eyed Dean carefully, waiting to see what would happen next.  A body wide shudder gave him some idea that something would have to.
Dean cracks open an eye to glance at the other bed. Cas is perched on the edge, staring at him with obvious concern in those stunning blue eyes, and Dean finds himself twitching a little under that unwavering gaze.
The tightness in Dean’s chest grows, the thread - the Bond - attaching him to Cas, pulled so tightly, he’s not sure how he’s still breathing.
He pauses for effect behind Roman, then saunters slowly past the rail and around the table, coming up behind Dean. He drapes his jacket over Dean’s on the back of his chair, then bends over to press his lips, smooth and warm, right at the sensitive spot behind Dean’s ear; a hand slips behind his neck, the other cupping his jaw.
He sighed and nodded to himself. “I deserve that.” His eyes turned back to Castiel’s, intense and pleading.
Eileen takes the seat across from him, hunching down to catch his gaze. “Bullshit,” she says. “What is it?”
“Dean…” Cas’ choked voice is like honey in his ears. “Dean, close your eyes.” Cas’ palm covers his eyes, cool against his flaming skin, and another rests on his chest. “CLOSE YOUR EYES.”
In a flurry of movement, Ketch reaches into a hidden panel of his desk and draws a pistol, levels it at Dean, and pulls the trigger.
Still staring out over the ocean, Cas blindly reaches for Dean’s hand, then turns, grabbing the other and drawing Dean back around to face him, his blue eyes wide with happiness and excitement.
Dean releases one of Castiel’s hands and places it under his chin, raising his head to meet Dean’s gaze, his eyes dark with distress.
He drained the glass again and motioned for another. This time the bartender is not as prompt, and gives him more of a concerned look when he
“So, where’s Sam?” Jody asks again, her and Donna accompanying Dean and Cas as they head to the counter to get their own glasses of wine.
Speaking of, the only one that still seems awake and aware is, of course, Cas. Dean tilts his head slightly to observe the man at his side: blue eyes half-lidded and almost black in contrast to the orange and gold reflected in them as he stares into the dancing flames. A small, blissful smile plays across his face and Dean wants nothing more than to taste that smile.
A waiter appears with drinks for the remaining players: something clear for Edgar and Roman, a whiskey for Dean. Roman tips his drink toward Dean. “Your health, Mr. Winchester.”
The immature part of Sam’s brain wanted to groan at the display, but the rest of him was far too happy to see his brother and his friend like this - finally acknowledging what Sam had suspected for ages. That it took, of all things, another trip to Purgatory and another occasion of Dean thinking he’d lost Cas to finally get all the walls he had built up around his heart to come crashing down.
Startled by the pop of the cork, Castiel and Dean turned toward the sound. James lifted one of the glasses of champagne and tilted it toward the two glasses on the counter.
“And you, Dean?” Castiel tries to keep the worry from his voice but does not feel like he succeeds entirely, confirmed when Dean’s arms tighten around him, pressing a kiss lightly against his forehead.
So this nonsense went on for a couple of days, and if Dean were less tired, he would be so very frustrated.
“Cas… wait…” Sam tugged on Cas’ arm, and Cas turned to face him with an anxious, bewildered look. “Sam, we really should get Dean into the infirmary…”
The ladies don’t even blink an eye. “That’s really great,” Jody says, her voice warm. “You guys deserve it.”
Dean vows to make a list of foods that go well with honey, since that seems to be the only thing the man will eat — and then smiles to himself at the thought. Here he is — Dean Winchester, lover of many and killer of many more, planning a future. Who’da thunk it.
Further south still, and he notices somewhat gleefully that he’s not the only one having to fight the Battle of the Bulge.
Lee’s eyes crinkle in mirth. “I don’t think so, but mostly because there is no ‘we’ — just ‘me,’ and I’ve been very circumspect.” Dean doesn’t doubt it — Lee can be a sneaky bastard when he wants to be. “The bad news about that is, if you get into any kind of trouble, it’s highly unlikely we’ll get any support in time.” He shrugs, his lips drawn into a thin line. “Anyway, Roman just got in yesterday and has been securing his power base. One of his first moves was establishing, uh, ‘contact’ with the Vegas Chief of Police.”
“Hey Dean,” Sam says as he makes a beeline for the refrigerator, completely oblivious to Dean’s plight. He watches, helpless, as Sam hauls the fridge door open to grab a bottle of water and two beers. He turns and pops the tops from the beer bottles on the edge of the counter just like Dean taught him — and Dean grins, unable to help the surge of pride in his chest at the sight. Then, still oblivious, he places the beer bottles on the stainless steel kitchen island where Dean is working the meat. He turns his back to Dean to lean against the island, uncaps and raises the water bottle, downing it in a few gulps. Catching his breath, he crumples the flimsy bottle in his giant paw and tosses it toward the recycle bin, arms pumping the air when the bottle goes in clean. Wipes his mouth with the corner of the towel as he turns back, and
John was old school enough, and retired military to boot, to not approve, but he’d let it slide.  Figured it was harmless, a phase or something.   Dean was a young man dealing with an onslaught of new hormones and a little experimenting was normal at that age.  Maybe he shouldn’t have been okay with it; maybe if he’d nipped it in the bud then and there Dean wouldn’t have thought to get money the way he did.  Regardless, it was too late now.  All they could do was go forward.
“Well, hello tall, broad and gorgeous,” He told Sam in an melodic tenor, “I’m Balthazar.”  The Halo eyed the Alpha’s frame slowly from head to toe, his gaze distinctly appreciative.
Muttering to himself, Dean hopped the sturdy fence, a cloud of dust swirling up around his boots as he landed heavily in the cracked earth of the Fifth Ring.
Cas had left it there after the spell, in case it hadn’t worked and he needed to defend Dean - or if for some reason he couldn’t and Dean had to defend himself.
close as he leans over to look out Dean’s window to catch a glimpse of the raceway. Cas turns from his intense scrutiny of the view out the window to Dean himself, those bright blue eyes mere inches from his own, and Dean nearly swerves as he’s caught in the intensity of that gaze. He’s barely managed to get control of himself when the tip of Cas’ tongue peeks out to wet his full, dusky pink lips, and all Dean would have to do is just turn his head a little and…
If you enjoy all things Destiel and want to hang out with other fun, lovely, and VERY TALENTED artists and writers, come join me at the
Dean doesn’t answer, instead pulling Cas close and using him as a shield to surreptitiously glance around the room. As he suspected, several more pairs of eyes are on Roman and Valente — other players, some of whom are already out of the game. He also notices one face not among them — the little redhead, Charlie Bradbury.
Cas stands and beckons, the firelight sparking in his eyes casting an almost ethereal glow that takes Dean’s breath away. From behind him, he hears the clinking of glass, then Jack is on one side and Sam on the other, and as a unit they approach the circle.
, his body growing in height and morphing into humanoid form - a form that Dean has become very familiar with over the past week.
CHAPTER WARNINGS: Sam/Eileen, quick mention of Cas and Dean doing inappropriate-for-family-viewing things.
Dean chokes on the words, so he nods instead and looks away, embarrassed by the single tear rolling down his face. Cas wipes it away without comment, then moves his head down to meet Dean’s gaze again.
Dean shrugs, then pulls himself up with a sigh, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed. “It’s fine, really, Cas.” He smirks. “Not like I’d let you drive my Baby anyway.” With a groan, he stretches his arms above his head, feeling his back crack in a couple of places; he moans with how good it feels.
“Get it yourself!” Sam’s voice echoes from behind the stacks in the Library. Castiel wonders if he’s examining the books there, looking for an answer to the nature of the curse the witch placed upon Dean; Castiel having texted him about it as soon as they were on the road again.
Twenty minutes later, Dean and Cas enter the poker room, hand in hand and a little out of breath. As Lee’s eyes flash questions, Cas leans over to whisper in Dean’s ear, “Go. I’ll fill Lee in.”
Cas would take over once they reached Tombstone. The journey there was in Dean's hands, and Cas was excited to see what surprises his new husband had planned along the way.
“Oh… h-hey, guys,” Sam stammered, spinning around to look over his shoulder in the direction of Dean’s room, then turning back. “I saw the sock and… uh… thought you guys might be... Uh…” Sam’s face flushed bright red, and Dean was definitely enjoying this.
Dean took several deep breaths to recover from that, then headed warily toward the back of the house.
“Poker Tournament?” His eyes lift from the laptop screen to meet Sam’s. They both turn their gaze on Kevin.
So, three days to plan a wedding. Get a marriage license, gather friends and family, find someone to marry them, figure out what to wear… Dean’s head begins to swim with all the details that need to happen in
The Caddy pulls further away, but at least Dean can still see the taillights — then suddenly, he can’t.
The first cup savored, along with some pie left over from the night before, Dean takes a deep breath before heading outside to see what the nets have caught - and stills in shock.
He cried until he couldn’t anymore, the tears ran dry but his shoulders continued to shake from his stifled sobs. And as the sobs decreased, an overwhelming melancholy overtook him.
Dean laughs but as usual his dick has a mind of its own, twitching at Cas’ husky tone. But he knows his own limits, and
The betting comes around to Charlie, who shoves a huge pile of chips into the pot. “Three hundred thousand.” Roman follows, and Dean has no choice but to do so as well.
And apparently she was successful - as the ingredients and instructions for the cake (EAT ME) and potion (DRINK ME) were
Castiel’s heart broke again at the sight of Dean’s tear-streaked face reflected there. He turned back to Dean and spun him around to face him. Reaching for a bar napkin, he wiped the tears from Dean’s freckled cheeks.
He reaches for Cas’ hand and gives it a squeeze. Cas turns and the smile he gives Dean lights up the room.
“Yeah, it’s pretty great,” he whispers into Cas’ ear, and smiles at the shiver that rolls down Cas’ spine. “Almost as beautiful as you.”
Castiel shudders as Dean’s fingers trace down his chest before lifting to the front of his flannel to peel it off his shoulders and cast it aside, then to the hem of his undershirt to whip it over his head. Kicking off shoes and socks as he unbuckles his belt, Castiel’s breath stutters and his eyes are drawn to the hard length of Dean’s erection stretching the front of his jeans. As Dean flips open the button and unzips the fly, Castiel breathes out a soft whimper as Dean pulls the jeans and undergarments down, his shaft hard enough to paint a trace of precome on Dean’s stomach as it springs free.
A warm hand pulls his face gently back to look into Cas’ eyes. “I’m still there with you. Close your eyes and concentrate. Feel the connection.”
But there was one time where the stories didn’t work anymore, and this time Dean had to try something new - escaping into fantasy.
“And the blue markings around the eyes… and speaking of, blue eyes? Pretty rare in general and doesn’t occur at all for any of these birds…”
Then Castiel’s lips are gone, replaced by spreading warmth across his thighs - he’s leaned back, his perfect bare ass now resting on Dean’s thighs, the hands that were on either side of his head lightly brushing down his chest, stopping to tweak his nipples again before skating down his belly, and then gone; Dean jerks and whines from the contact and the loss. The weight on his thighs shifts, becoming lighter on one side and heavier on the other, the mattress creaking softly as Cas leans in the direction of the nightstand. He hears a
His heart pounds as he hears Cas’ hoarse shout. Dean clambers back to his feet and lurches into the room in time to see Cas find the bottle of Borax — but not in time to use it.
“I would have to agree,” Cas concurred, turning to the brothers. ”What is the… play, I believe you say…”, causing Dean to grin at him fondly.
It takes Dean the few moments for his heart rate to climb down from the stratosphere before his brain realizes what just happened. Cas must draw the same conclusion at the same time, both of them shouting “The safe!” simultaneously.
Cas fixes him with an astonished glare. “You mean, by going to the hospital, surely.” At Dean’s laugh, his mouth draws into a straight line. “Dean. You were almost dead an hour ago.”
He had no real proof Feathers was responsible for the lack of monsters in the traps - but the coincidence was not lost on him.
“Alright, I have burgers to make,” he says; but just as he’s turning toward the grill, he stops and turns back. “But first, big thanks to Cas and Jack for putting this...” he gestures toward the little campsite and grill, “...
from the glovebox startles them, the sound echoing loudly in the relative quiet and shattering the moment. Cas practically hurls himself back to his side of the bench seat.
“Oh, we’re here on a wine retreat — ‘Cops and Corks’.” Donna jabs a thumb back at the group gathered around the bar. “I dragged Jodes here last year and we liked it so much, we came back!” She points between him and Cas. “What’s this I hear about a road trip?”
Dean pulls into a spot at the end of the long line of Baby Wanna-Bes. No sooner have they climbed out and closed the doors, than a bubbly brunette bounces over to them.
Before Cas can answer, Jack comes bounding out from the nearby woods with Miracle on his heels. Her tongue lolled from her mouth, spread into a big doggy grin. “Hello, Dean! Hello, Sam!”
He could hear Sam at the front, quietly twisting the front doorknob and finding it unlocked, heard the slight creak of the door as it opened and his quiet footsteps as he cautiously entered. He heard similar movements from Dean at the back entrance. Once again he had the opportunity to admire their skill - there were many things he disliked regarding the methods employed by their father in raising them, but he could not fault John Winchester’s training methods.
Dean stops dead in his tracks, his arm yanked hard by Cas whose attention was on the corner of the room full of bee and honey paraphernalia.
“Awesome! Thanks, Cas.” Cas nods and nudges one of the cups in his direction. Dean takes the offered cup, catching a whiff of the other  — he can practically smell the cream and vast amounts of sugar in the steam wafting it. Cas tosses the bag of jerky onto the front bench seat to free a hand to open the door, slides into the passenger seat again and soon they’re on their way once more.
Cas abruptly grabs a piece of jerky from the bag and pops it in his mouth, chewing slowly, thoughtfully…
Dean really did want to help, but it was tedious and labor-intensive work for him. Research had never been one of his favorite things, and when it involved books that were as big as he was (if not bigger), flipping pages and reading through them were an exercise in exhaustion.
The hand moves from the pillow to stroke Dean’s cheek, then trails fingers lightly down his neck and across his chest, pausing to sharply tweak a nipple before continuing down his body. Dean squawks in surprise, then hisses as Castiel switches from light fingertips to nails down his stomach towards his painfully hard, leaking cock. He stops just before reaching the head, swirling a finger in the small pool of precome there and lifting it to his mouth to suck it off his finger; eyes sliding shut and humming as if tasting the finest ambrosia.
Feathers’ eyes follow him, and when Dean nods, he nods back and lifts his wings, raising them to full height and span - and a few things begin to happen.
A thread of worry worms its way around his heart from that statement, the look in Dean’s eyes. But the increasing amount of shivering he feels through their clasped hands is far more of a problem at the moment.
Just being with him, laying beside him, even if just to watch him sleep. It’s more than he’s ever had and ever thought he could.
Dean sighed, and reached tiredly forward to grasp the cupcake. Sam had measured out the combined portion they had given Tracy, perhaps slightly more. That made sense, as Dean was several inches taller than Tracy.
Cas smiled shyly. "Interesting you should mention that, Sam," he said quietly, gesturing at the laptop screen. "We've been looking at filming locations for the movie 'Tombstone' and thinking a trip to visit them might be a good diversion." Cas glanced at Dean and ran his fingers through Dean's hair comfortingly. "But, as you know, Dean has an aversion to flying."
Dean runs to the cabin door, running outside into the bright sunlight. And then drops to his knees to pick up the handful of tattered ebony flight feathers he finds there.
The rain slows, the pattering against the roof and Cas’ slowing heartbeat against his skin lulls Dean, and he melts into sleep.
“There ya go! Presentable!” he declared, releasing Castiel’s hand with a final squeeze. “Now let’s go get those burgers before they’re all gone.”
He drags his eyes away from the scene and they follow Sam as he wheels the cooler toward the grill, stationed to the side of the outer ring.
Dean’s eyes are open and honest, but he sighs morosely. “I meant every word… but God, how I wish it hadn’t come out like that.” He gives him a wan smile, his eyes falling away. “That was such a lame way to ask you.”
Dean waves him off and turns back to the pizza box to load a few more slices onto his plate. “How ‘bout another beer?”
A minute later, Sam replies, “Right, got it. Okay, looks like when you folded the wing it pulled the bone back under the skin. Given the area, it looks like it was either the radius or the ulna.” Sam sighs. “According to this, if just one is broken then the prognosis is good but if both are, it may not heal right.”
No worries. They have plenty of time for that. For now, he’s just going to close his eyes and enjoy the feeling of Cas’ touch.
But Dean begins to question that decision as the sound of sirens and tires screeching up to the building echoes in the loading dock. Quickly jumping off the dock and ducking behind a concrete ramp, he curses under his breath as a news van pulls up alongside the myriad police cars, the flashing lights cutting the darkness like knives.
One more week and the splint will come off, and one of two things will happen - the wing will have healed improperly and Feathers will be earth-bound, or it will be completely healed and he’ll fly away. And while Dean of course would prefer for the wing to heal so Feathers can fly again - he’s going to really miss his hunting companion.
So here Castiel was, on the eve of the big summer party with family and friends he hadn’t seen in over four years, nervous about the reception he would receive - but more terrified of seeing Dean again with this Lisa on his arm and discovering Dean had moved on without him.
“Let us begin.” Cas’ voice is a low rumble, the thunderous undertones vibrating the air around them.
Coming home for the summer was nothing new for him - the money left to Dean and Sam when their parents had died was enough to ensure that neither he nor Sam would have to work their way through college (although Dean had plenty of side jobs just to keep himself busy). But this year was special - a five-way graduation party, with Sam, Gabe, and Jo all graduating high school, and he and Cas just a semester away from college graduation.
Now that Dean was asleep and resting well, Castiel knew he should be out in the Library helping Sam find a way to remove the curse - but he didn’t know how much longer he would have with Dean, and was loathe to leave him.
And for some reason, the motion of Cas looking to him like that brings back the anxiety of the botched proposal.
“Dean, I need to get up.” Dean groans and grips his thigh in protest, but Cas is insistent. “I won’t be long, I promise.” With an exaggerated sigh, Dean releases his grip on Cas’ thigh and lifts his head, and Cas rises from the log and disappears into the darkness behind them. He hears the trunk of the Impala open, a rustling of fabric, and the trunk shutting again; then Cas is back. Dean watches as he lays a blanket on the ground on the other side of the fire opposite the log. Sitting on the blanket with his legs spread, he pats the area in between.
“Hey, Cas… Dean’s here! Isn’t this what you’ve been waiting for?” Gabe taunts him, turning from the window to waggle eyebrows at him.
Dean’s lips curl into a soft smile, his eyes drawing down further into sleep. “S’nice, I like it. What was it for?”
A cup of coffee and a half-hour later, he remembered - he had the spellbooks and journals of the most powerful witch that ever walked the Earth (and current Queen of Hell) at his disposal! Groaning in annoyance, he found the books where he had stored them on the shelves and set them on the table. Running to the kitchen for another cup of coffee and some fruit salad, he returned to the pile of books and dug in.
Castiel feels the Bond pull taut, feels the paltry remnants of his Grace leap through it and rush through their mouths and tangling tongues. Dean groans against his lips, the vibrations setting Castiel on fire as his Grace connects with Dean’s burning soul. He weakly tries to pull away, but Dean is having none of it, holding him in an iron grip. And if he is being honest, it feels
Dean turns his attention back to Roman as the betting comes back around to him, and sees it — the tell, Roman’s eye twitching ever so slightly, his finger tapping by it.
