In the morning, he wakes with a start, the night before coming back to him. He may have been drunk, but he remembers. On his bedside table is two pills and a glass of water. Dean downs it gratefully before hauling himself out of bed and trudging to the kitchen to prepare some breakfast.
He was getting older and he guessed getting achy after a fight just came with the territory. He tries not to let that bother him. Dean getting older while Cas remains the same as ever. He hadn't been human long enough for any real aging to occur.
“So, where do you want this?” He’s pulled back to his own area when Cas speaks, his voice deeper than Dean had ever heard.
“So, your room or mine?” And Dean winces internally at how that sounds. “So that we can continue grooming, I mean.” He adds hastily.
Dean laughs softly, opening his eyes. “Of course, I don’t mind.” Not that he’d ever admit to it, but there was nothing he could say No to that produced the happiness decorating the bunker brought to Cas. The rest of it be damned. Cas deserved any and all types of happiness.
sure Sam has squawked about how his shampoo is gentle or whatever. Up until this moment, Dean had scratched his head at the idea of 'gentle shampoo.' Why would you want gentle shampoo? Sounds like it wouldn't clean as well. But what does Dean know?
"Does it hurt?"
Gritting his teeth and looking anywhere except Cas, Dean yanks his own pair down in record time and quickly steps into the new pair. He almost falls over from how fast he's moving, but he manages to remain upright, saving himself from mortal embarrassment.
Cas leans down to kiss Dean hard. Dean kisses back as good as he gets but it doesn’t distract him from Cas finally,
ignites. His chest has been bursting since he and Cas finally got together months ago. He was determined to give his angel anything and everything he could. And taking him to the farmers market was just another opportunity to prove it.
“Novak!” He hears one of his coworkers call. “Shift change!” Dutifully following orders, Castiel stands and prepares to make his exit.
With his curiosity peaked, Dean begins searching in the large mass of black plumage for the source of the dark liquid. As he searches and smoothes the existing oil over the feathers, he recognizes the calm settle over him and rather than wonder what's happening, he settles gratefully into it. He's enjoying his high, of sorts, when he's pretty sure he finds one of the glands.
Cas is trusting him with this.
As he works, Dean gives the man another proper once over. Cas has a tattoo on his neck- ouch- in the shape of a heart that reads lover boy on a ribbon going through it. Behind his ear, is an upside cross. He has several piercings in his ear, including a gauge with a piece of black jewelry in it. He also has an eye brow piercing, twin nostril piercings, a septum piercing, and snake bites below his bottom lip.
"Sam says this stuff is gentle so…" He trails off not knowing what else to say, mostly asking for permission.
Cas shrugs. “It just... does. I don’t really know how to explain it. It’s just meant to be pleasant to the groomer. It resonates their favorite scents.” Cas pauses, tipping his head to the side, obviously thinking. Then, “What does it smell like to you?”
Dean clamps the lid on those thoughts. No way was he going there. Especially now of all times.
Cas shrugs. “Maybe. I will admit, it was a lot of work. But I think that’s because I did most of it alone.”
As it is, Dean is not in his twenties and he is thoroughly spent, Cas lying on top of him, in similar shape. It’s fucking perfect.
Dean frowns even though Cas can’t seem him. “How’s that work?”
Dean makes his way through the bunker again, taking in all of the decorations Cas obviously spent a lot of time on. It was nice. It felt good to be at a peaceful enough time, they could do something as mundane as
Cas decides to try his luck. “What a shame. Guess this is goodbye.” He says it jokingly to keep the tone light, but Dean’s blush deepens, before he shrugs.
He positions Cas with his back to the streaming water and sinks his hands back into the feathers. He runs his hands gently through, ensuring the water is soaking the black layers. The black immediately shines where the water rinses the loose dirt off.
That's easy. "You." He answers simply.
"Well that's good because I've already touched it." Dean laughs.
"I love you." He says back and tilts their heads together again. Now that that was out of the way...
Cas turns abruptly in his arms, fixing both hands to Dean’s face, holding him completely still. He looks like he’s about to argue, but suddenly the fight leaves him. “Its okay.” He says simply. “I won’t force you to do something you don’t want.” It’s said without malice and Cas definitely means it. It’s still a punch to the gut.
to the showers.
“Dean, come on, don’t be a pansy.” Sam teases him, as they get out of the Impala in a tattoo parlor parking lot.
Dean looks at Sam. Really looks at him. “I love you, little brother.”
And there they sat, under blue skies, sharing an apple pie, just staring into each other’s eyes.
“What the hell happened here?” Sam asks, thoroughly confused and glancing every which way.
“Cas, what is this?” He doesn’t mean to sound alarmed.
spending money, it was a good job.
. It was par for the course, but still. He rolls his eyes internally.
Dean keeps going, pulling his hands through the feathers, grazing bone, muscle, and the glands in one fell swoop.
And Dean understands.
The smell of freshly baked pie hits him square in the stomach and it rumbles at the thought. Dean’s mouth waters, and he’s pretty sure the look on his face is something Claire calls
For the first time in a while, Dean takes note of Cas’ wings again. They’re gleaming, all black and iridescently holographic, lightly fluttering behind him. Were they out this whole time? More to add to the brain clouding haze hit list.
Cas’ expressions have always been hard to read. Dude has an unparalleled poker face. Every once in a while though, Dean manages to catch some of the emotions flit across. They never last long. At least, not long enough for Dean to actually decipher. Dean secretly hates this. He’d give quite a lot to be able to know what his best friend is thinking in certain circumstances. As it is..
“You… know?”
Cas chuckles, giving him an interesting look. “Alright then.” He says easily, his voice almost soothing. “I’m gonna prep my equipment. You can relax.” As if in afterthought he asks. “Did you want color? Are you happy with the way this looks?” And he holds up the paper he’ll be working off of.
“Got a live one for you. Simple shit. I already drew up the design.” And he nods to a station next to his own. Cas takes the design, looking it over and then to his colleague, likely in a silent question. The first man directs his gaze to Dean and Cas’ follows. He smirks. And Dean immediately bristles.
"I-" Cas stutters out. And then resolves quickly. "Not if it damages our friendship."
face on fire, he gestures to the bed. "Figure it’s the best spot to sit down and continue."
When he gets back to Dean’s apartment, it’s been a little over thirty minutes. He had gotten caught up talking to his co worker. He presses the Ring button once again.
“Thanks, Cas, but really, I’m good. I’m not going to combust.”
“Dean… I have something to ask of you.” Cas sounds weary and Dean isn’t fan of the tone, but he nods, giving Cas his full attention.
So the next morning, while cooking his breakfast and brewing coffee, he prepares to offer himself to his angel best friend. Wow, that sounded hookerish.
Dean stares at his phone. Stares hard. Stares for a while. And then drops what he's holding to head to the hardly used storage room.
"Of course Dean."
Was he fucking crazy? There was no way Dean was ever going to forget the best sex he’d ever had. His brain may have been hazy but it still remembers what happened. “We were both a little caught up in the effects of…”
again.” He stumbles over his speech -if it can be called that- but he gets it all out eventually.
They converse quietly through it, both having seen it, giving each other their opinions on scenes, characters, relationships. As they talk, they get more and more animated, leaning and moving closer together on the already small couch. By the end of it, they’re pressed up against each other and Cas is hit with the realization of how close they are.
Sometime later, after all the decorations were up, and Dean was showered and ready for bed, he walked into his room to find it was not immune to Cas’ décor.
He finishes up soaping one wing and directs Cas to stand back under the water so he can rinse it thoroughly. It takes a while, there’s a lot of feathers to comb through and a lot of suds to rinse. But he manages and once he’s satisfied the feathers are completely soap free he starts and repeats the process on the other wing.
“Then I’ll see you tomorrow?” Dean’s eyes light up. If Cas wasn’t about to say yes, he’d have changed his answer right then and there to keep that look on Dean’s face.
Missing out on what? Cas was Dean’s best friend. And best friends didn’t walk around showing each other their bodies. Dean needed to get his head out of his ass.
It was because of this he was going to do everything he could to keep things strictly platonic. This was about helping Cas. Helping him get his wings back in good condition so his grace could fully heal. And ultimately, ensuring Cas' comfort. Having messed up wings was clearly fucking with him and Dean was determined to at least help in that aspect.
The liquor clearly does something for Dean as well. He nods. “Can I share a secret with you too?” Cas’ gaze never breaks as Dean barely registers Cas’ own nod. Dean’s never said anything like this before. Never been this vulnerable. And he’s trusting Cas. Sure, they’re both a little fuzzy, but if Cas can share something, Dean can too. Wasn’t that what best friends were for?- in the middle of the night, downing whiskey together?
Dean feels his face fall. He hates seeing Cas like this. He knows Cas struggles with feeling useful. Like being an Angel is the only thing he can offer. And Dean himself has added to this insecurity his best friend feels. He's been trying to make up for it when any opportunity presents itself.
out of Cas’ back.
He stops to refill Baby’s tank and shoots a text to Sam.
scent invades his senses. Sweet and earthy with a hint of tanginess. The scent turned flavor explodes on his tongue and he wraps his entire mouth around Cas' head.
He thinks bitterly.
Dean shrugs again. “Maybe. But I did it. And I couldn’t argue that. That was the only point they cared about. It was also the nineties, man.” He laughs without humor.
Cas’ eyes dimmed to his regular blue and Dean couldn’t help but be awestruck. Though he regarded Cas as his own… (person?) being, Dean couldn’t deny Jimmy Novak’s eye color did something for him. Hell, Jimmy Novak’s
"Like I said, I don't wish to make you uncomfortable. You've done more than I could ever ask of you. I'll go." And he makes to get off Dean's bed.
Dean thinks, amused. The more it wafts up to him, the more notes he experiences from it. Syrup, mint, musk. Its fucking intoxicating. It's mixing with that calm feeling and Dean feels cloudy, hazy.
Dean squirms again. “I’m good, Cas.”
“I think I’m willing to do what I can to help you.” That was as much as Dean was willing to let on at the moment. “Isn’t that what matters? I don’t want you to be uncomfortable for who knows how long. I wanna help.” Dean was firm in his stance and he hoped it conveyed to Cas.
Sterile was an understatement. It smelled just like a hospital, which Dean supposed was a good thing. It still wrinkled his nose a little. There was art everywhere. On every piece of the wall, there was drawn pictures, some with color, some without. There were classic flowers and butterflies, weird symbols like Sam wanted, ships and anchors, faces of celebrities, quotes. Anything that could be written or drawn was up there.
Dean laughs, a light blush creeping over his face. It makes his freckles pop. It’s endearing. “Nah, just had a lot of homework, and didn’t have time for cooking. Should hopefully be back to normal next week.” It made sense with midterms going on.
Dean walks around Cas like he’s appraising a car, taking it all in. As magnificent as they are, they’re definitely a little mangled. He glances to Cas as he reaches a hand up, silently asking permission. Cas nods in permission, and Dean sinks his fingers to get a feel for them.
Dean shrugs and offers a “Thanks.” He wasn’t sure how he felt about Cas taking liberty with the fact that Dean got
If their similar wavelength is anything to go by, Cas has a good feeling about this. Because they both step forward to give a hug and it’s practically seamless with Cas’ arms going up to Dean’s neck and Dean’s going around his waist. It’s warm and good. And not nearly enough.
It was obvious to anyone who bothered to take note something was wrong with Cas. And Dean was a little annoyed at himself he hadn't taken better notice before now. Knowing it was going to come with a snippy attitude, Dean braced himself to broach the topic with his best friend. He didn’t want Cas here being uncomfortable.
did something for him. Cas merely amplified it to a thousand by being himself. Though Dean did wish he would chuck the damn trench coat every now and then. Hell, a t-shirt and jeans could probably do wonders for Dean, regarding Cas.
When Dean sinks his fingers into the inky blackness, he realizes immediately they should be soft. But they're marred by dirt and grime. He feels further in, to the smooth hard muscle beneath the feathers. Regardless of their state, Dean can tell these wings are powerful. They're a warrior’s wings after all. Dean had read that there were different classes of angels. And each class had different wings. Cas was a seraph, a soldier, and his wings would be some the strongest you’d ever come across. Behind an archangel of course.
“Why the fuck would you think I wanted that?!” He explodes. “I’ve told you before the bunker is your home. And after… that.” He takes a deep breath and tries not to get ahead of himself, tries not to hope. But Cas' words.. maybe.. “Cas I’m no good at this, you know I’m not. I don’t know what to say other than I want you here." And because he's just laying it all out on the line with nothing left to lose, he adds. "And I- I wouldn’t be… opposed to…
Dean hands the bar off to Sophie when he retires. He gives her the impala too. Cas is glad to have him home all the time. They cuddle on the couch and watch the same old westerns, Dean smiling broadly every time Cas remembers a quote. He remembers all of them, of course, but he picks the ones Dean cares about most to recite. The lines in his face no longer show worry, but soft ripples from pleasant smiles. Cas loves kissing them.
Dean cupped his mouth with his hands and shouted, “Jack come back-”
fell apart at his emotional nakedness. When their eyes locked, all Dean cared about was blue.
So why is this important? A simple mistake from an employee and overanalysis on Dean’s reaction isn’t enough to begin to claim he’s anything but a straight-macho-girls™ man. This interaction mostly compares Dean’s response to Sam’s to point out that this argument built for Dean’s bisexuality couldn’t simply be copy and pasted onto Sam to receive the same result. Someone looking to prove Sam as anything but hetero would be hard-pressed to find real evidence in the show’s canon.
“Cas,” Dean pressed his face into Cas’s cheek and hiccuped, “Cas! Cas, come on buddy, come on, don’t die on me, don’t-”
“Dean. please don’t go yet-”
Crowley turns Dean into a demon so that he will go on a road trip escapade. He hasn’t felt emotions in centuries, but when it comes to Dean he feels bad about things going sideways. The pair continue to go on a summer-long road trip later referred to jokingly as “the summer of love” by Sam. On this road trip, many things happen that are not exactly heterosexual. First, Dean doesn’t care at all when Crowley pops into his room after having sex with a girl, and it is later said that they “shared triplets”. In the first episode of season 10, we see Dean and Crowley playing foosball (phallic imagery) with a pair of male twins in flannel when the third can be seen at the bar behind them. Of course, it is very possible the pair ran into a set of female triplets later on in their trip, but why include the male ones in the first episode? Oh also, the two are seen talking in a gay bar called “the pink flamingo”, which can be seen here. See the pictures in the back? Not a normal dive bar.
Dean opens a bar. He radiates joy with every drink he pours, and Cas stands next to his side as he serves new starry-eyed customers that don’t eye him hungrily like they used to. Cas is quite okay with that, he does enough himself to make up for it. To these strangers, Dean Winchester is the nice old man who owns the bar on the corner of West street. They don’t know who he is or what he has done. Every day, Dean gets a little less guarded. Cas is honored to be the knight guarding that gate.
“I have an unlimited knowledge in pop culture, Dean, yet you never seem to confuse me.”
OSM: Considering the Siren initially appears as a female that seduced men, it was almost as if gender wasn't a factor for it.
Now that we’ve talked about random interactions with strangers and Sam, the list of main characters that Dean has a less-than-straight relationship is in line for analysis. Up first is the king of Hell himself, Crowley. The very first thing we see Crowley do is kiss a businessman simply to call out his homophobia, which is already kind of iconic. The other person we see Crowley kiss is Bobby Singer after selling his soul to seal the deal, followed by Crowley’s line “why’d you use tongue?” Throughout the series, Crowley is seen as a fairly openly queer character who regularly flirts with both men and women for personal and professional reasons. The major turning point for his character is in the season eight finale. To complete the final trial in closing hell, Sam and Dean kidnap Crowley and pump his full of human blood to turn him human. This fails, but Crowley gains emotions he had previously lost and gets addicted to human blood the same way Sam was addicted to demon blood. During this time, Crowley experiences overwhelming human emotion and grows notably more attached to Dead than he was originally. Even when he gets off the blood, this attachment doesn’t leave him. His true feelings for Dean are really revealed in season 9 episode 23, “Do you believe in miracles?”. At the end of the episode, Dean is dead and Crowley makes a speech to his dead body before turning him into a demon. “Your brother, bless his soul. Is summoning me as I speak. Make a deal, bring you back. It’s exactly what I was talking about, isn’t it? It’s all become so… expected. You have to believe me. When I suggested you take the mark of Cain, I didn’t know this was going to happen. Not really. I mean I might not have told you the entire truth. But I never lied. I never lied, Dean. That’s important. It’s fundamental. (He talks more about Cain, not too important). Listen to me Dean Winchester, what you're feeling right now, it’s not death. It's like- a new kind of life. Open your eyes, Dean. See what I see. Feel what I feel. Let’s go take a howl at that moon.”
JP: Yeah, at that point, I thought he should be ambiguously sexual. As the FBI Agent, he was a guy's guy, but this creature wasn't a guy or a girl. I tried to find something in between and enjoyed having control over these boys in a sexual way. It's a strange way to describe it.
Why would there be sexual tension in this situation at all if Dean wasn’t attracted to men? Seriously, this makes no sense any other way with this context in place, but then again, an actor’s opinion doesn’t always mean it’s true. (sorry Misha, I wish it was.) Having control over the boys in a sexual way, specifically, has nothing to do with a brotherly Siren bond and everything to do with Dean being attracted to him.
this would happen.
At high risk of whiplash, Dean spun around at the voice and inhaled quickly. Cas was standing there, in his usual suit but lacking the coat.
“I understand,” Cas replied, and Dean could feel his face forming a grin, “I was in need of a new wardrobe anyway.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“No, I can save him. I can bring him back!” Jack’s face was distorted with grief so badly Sam had to look away.
“Come on Cas, stay with me,” Dean pleaded as they pushed into the library. He tried to start going up the stairs but Cas collapsed.
“Ah, ah, ah,” she smiled and put up a finger, “A deal is a deal. Now that Chuck is with me, I can finally rest.”
“Oh, Cas,” he says, and Cas places his hands on Dean’s face and kisses him for a long time. They fought for so long. They had a beautiful life. Dean Winchester, the man who was supposed to die young, had defied his own expectations.
I could mention how Dean reacts to meeting Gunner Lawless, but that would be redundant so it’s being skipped. Let’s talk more about Dean repressing things, but this time with a focus on things he views as feminine. For example; he says he doesn’t like Dr. Sexy, and then admits he’s a reluctant fan. He says “no chick flick moments,” but later admits that he does like chick flicks. He says he hates anything that’s not classic rock and then turns up Taylor Swift. He says he hates vegetable water, and then later sneaks a glass. He says he hates superheroes, but then bonds with a comic book fan over his endless array of knowledge on them. Dean’s whole character is about denying things that are later proved wrong by himself. This argument is not saying a man who likes feminine things inherently makes him gay, as Sam openly likes all these things and is not. However, if Dean is read as a potentially very closeted bisexual who is always worried about his masculinity, the constant hatred of “feminine” things starts to make sense. So, when Dean says that he “doesn’t play for the other team” as a defense that fits the previous pattern, it’s not so far-fetched to assume it as another denial. This is especially true considering that, even when the offers from men press forward, Dean doesn’t use outright denial anymore, usually cracking a joke like; “spanky the demon. yeah, I heard about you. you’re the one who uses too much teeth, right?”(8.01) and when a guy tells Dean to get on his knees, and Dean replies “well I’m awfully flattered but..”
They walked into the bunker with their arms swinging side by side and ate as a family. They were finally happy, and Dean nearly sobbed at the relief of Cas’s hand connected with his under the table.
Before either of them knew what was happening, there was a pop at the end of the bunker.
As expected, Cas followed him. The others, however, did not. Dean had to suppress a twisted laugh at the entire situation.
They are alike, Dean and Sophie. Especially as she grows. Dean plays her records and shows her old movies. They spend hours together every day, but Cas doesn’t mind. He is happy to have Dean in the quiet of the night when the bunker is dark and the scent of apple conditioner wafts from their shower. They hold each other under the covers and Cas is so happy.
After Dean saves Das from the empty, tears in his eyes and heart on his sleeve, Das knows this is how he wants his life to be.
for him. You defied
If a casual viewer picked a random episode roughly from seasons 1-10, they would be hard-pressed to come across one that doesn’t include Dean flirting with, being flirted with, or actively sleeping with a woman. One of the key cornerstones that Dean’s personality stands on is his love for women, and to claim that part of him doesn’t exist would be ludicrous. This essay isn’t denying that Dean is very much attracted to women at all, just wanted to establish that first.
“No, no, no, no, please no,” he begged as the knife in his own hand was twisted around the wound. The spot wasn’t lethal on its own, but the blood loss…
Chuck snapped once again and Dean was free from his bonds and standing in front of Cas. There was a blade in his hand that wasn’t there before, but when he tried to move he was frozen in place.
Dean let go of Cas and pulled away to really take in that he was alive again.
“I have been human before,” Cas said, returning the smile, “But I will never forget the simple novelty of being
“You son of a-” Dean said, his first words raw and seething.
“That’s different,” he felt his eyes tear up against his own will.
Just saying.
“For what.”
As previously discussed, a common symptom of childhood abuse is an extreme lack of self-confidence. Dean has basically no self-confidence where it matters. Sure, he thinks he’s hot and can pull girls like it’s nothing for the first few seasons, but his entire personality is a copy-paste of his father. In season 3 episode 10, “dream a little dream of me” we see just how bad Dean’s self-confidence is. When he enters a sick Bobby’s dream to save him, Dean has to confront not a monster, but a clone of himself. “Joke all you want, smartass,” the copy says when Dean tries to talk his way out through humor, “But you can’t lie to me. I know the truth. I know how dead you are inside. How worthless you feel. I know that when you look into a mirror you hate what you see… I mean you're going to Hell and you won't lift a finger to stop it. Talk about low self-esteem? Then again, I guess it’s not much of a life worth saving, now, is it? You’ve got nothing outside of Sam. You are nothing. You’re as mindless and obedient as an attack dog.”
“Sam!” Dean began to call, frantically taken out of the moment.
Getting inside of baby was easy. Driving to the nearest field was not. He was swerving through the road, trying to see through tears as he pushed the pedal to the floor and heard the tires screech. He wanted to drive off the nearest cliff and never look back. He wanted to drink way too much alcohol, hook up with some rando, and overdose. He wanted to do anything except living in a world without Castiel. His angel.
“It was my fault!” Jack shouted. His eyes had begun to faintly glow golden that reflected on the tears collecting there, “He made me promise not to tell you, but I don’t care.”
Dean was physically abused by John, though it is unclear to what extent and how often the beatings took place. In season 5, episode 16 “The Dark Side of the Moon”, Sam and Dean make a trip to heaven and go through their memories. One of Sam’s happiest memories is when he ran away for two weeks as a child and lived alone. Dean is infuriated that this memory is one of Sam’s happiest, why? Because “you ran away on my watch. I looked everywhere for you I thought you were dead, and when Dad came home…” Dean’s flinches, suggesting that some kind of physical altercation took place. Sam never knew about any of this because Dean took the brunt of the beatings and abuse to protect him. When Sam left them to go to Stanford, Dean was ruined. He loved and cared about his brother more than anything, had raised him, and Sam up and left as soon as he could.
Out of all the things he expected his insane and messed up life to be, trapping God in the empty and losing his angel best friend in one night was not one of them. He would laugh if it didn’t hurt to breathe.
“What about Cas?” Sam asked.
“Then it would already be too late.”
Dean flicked a gaze between the two of them, hot anger pooling in his gut, “Well I’m here now, and clearly it is important! What happened to us working together, Cas, huh? God, In purgatory the
“Dean,” Jack sighed, running to Dean and wrapping him in a hug.
“Oh what! Protect me! Yeah, Cas, that’s working out really great. How much time do you have, a year? Two?”
Dean is insecure about it, so Cas lays his hands there while they watch a movie and kisses him slow. He loves this new belly. It shows that Dean can finally rest.
They attend Sam and Eileen's wedding, matching tuxedos. Out of her bouquet, Cas weaves the flowers together to make a crown and places it on her head. She signs a thank you, and Cas is happy. After the ceremony, she returns it to him and he places it on his head. Dean compliments him, and it surprises Cas still that such a thing can take his breath away.
Dean finds it hilarious, laughing deeply and running his hands through it in lazy tugs. Cas thinks while he does this- even though Dean's flesh has aged, his eyes are just as striking.
She laughed, “You can’t kill me, boy. You need me. It’s just how it is. Now if you don’t mind, I have a very nice nap to get to.”
about this plan, his sacrifice, and you told me nothing.” He slammed the door on the way out.
“If I said it-” Dean swallowed.
“I’ll do whatever I want. You
A scream fell from Dean’s mouth so strangled and pained he felt it ripple through his body. It tore through every muscle, every bone as it ricocheted along with his being. There was something about it so unlike any pain, he had ever felt that he nearly vomited on the floor.
I was a soft kiss, tepid and quick. Less worried about a promise to continue and more an admittance of past failures.
“What would make you happy, Cas?” There. He had said it. He had asked the fatal question, the money blow. The shriveled up, locked away part of himself that would be exposed as a festering, blistered wound if faced with the honest truth.
The reason for this is that Mary and John Winchester fell in love because John had memorized all of Led Zeppelin songs and Mary thought he deserved a second date because of that. The first thing Nick talks about is Dean’s car, which he immediately classifies and gushes over. When they arrive at the strip club, Nick and Dean are seen seated a considerable distance away from the strippers and across from each other at a table discussing Led Zeppelin. Nick knows all the tracks and even calls Dean out when he misses a few. Dean even gives Nick his signature heart eyes, which can be seen here. Just when all of the evidence is piling up that Cara is the siren seducing Sam, Dean and Nick are seen in the Impala together. At this point in the game, Nick and Dean have barely spent any time together, but Dean offers Nick a sip from his flask anyway. This is how the Siren’s poison infects Dean, the swapping of spit on the rim of the flask. There was really no way that Nick could have known that Dean would offer him the flask so I ask; what was the backup plan? Basically all Nick had to do was know that what Dean desired most was a clean-cut, blue-eyed man in a position of power with an interest in cars, who would show him respect and share a few drinks with him. It gets even more interesting when Dean is under the curse and Sam finds Nick in the motel room, Sam doesn’t seem surprised at all to find that Dean’s Siren was a man even though he couldn’t have known about the flask, even calling Nick a “but ugly stripper” to emphasize the point.
“You’re gonna make it through this. I
When Dean turns 70, Cas dies his hair. The woman at the salon is kind and gentle with him. He explains that his husband has gone grey early and he wishes to match. She smiles at him over the mirror, and he likes the way it makes him look. He likes that he matches with Dean. Two souls separated.
“He didn’t write us,” Cas gripped Dean's hand from his cheek and it was warm and slick, “We did.”
Jack was the one who lit the match and tossed it on the pyre. Part of Dean wished he had been the one to do it, but he didn’t have the right to compare to Jack. Jack had never betrayed Cas or lied to him.
Against everything Dean tried, his knife drew a fine line up Cas’s arm through his well-worn trenchcoat. Blood pooled around the edges, but Cas didn’t flinch.
“Did you get any sleep?” Sam asked him with an eyebrow raised, but not in any way judgemental. Dean assumed by the state of his eyebags Sam didn’t get any sleep either.
Cas leaned in closer and cupped Dean’s cheek, “I don’t think it does.”
They live in moments of late-night fireplace readings and socked sunrise kitchen dances. Dean sleeps on the left side of the bed, Cas watches him. He's still an angel, of course. Jack had restored his powers. Part of him wished to be human- that soft vulnerability coupled with the belly forming below dean's chest.
They kiss under the streetlight on a Tuesday night. Dean's cheeks are flushed from the drinks they shared at the bar with the neon sign. Cas thinks he’s never been more beautiful. The kiss is soft and tender, so unlike every other thing that has happened to Dean Winchester. Cas has to hold back tears.
“The moment I met you, Dean, I became human in every way that mattered.”
The aging becomes more obvious. Sometimes Dean needs help going up the stairs. He has trouble picking up his baby nephew. Cas remains the same as always- unaged. It doesn't bother him that Dean is getting older. It never will. He gets in the habit of making breakfast alone and bringing it to the man he loves instead. He quietly mourns the time they shared in the kitchen so often but is grateful for the few times they still do.
“We should go in and make sure your first meal in a decade isn’t vegan tofu,” Dean said.
“I know what you thought,” Dean swallowed back the guilt of his selfishness, “It’s okay.”
“I can’t lose both of you.”
It was a crippling feeling that flooded him. There was nothing he could do. If they didn’t want to waste the opportunity, Dean couldn’t do anything. Everything they had done for over a
Dean’s heart started to pick up and he locked eyes with Cas. There was stoicism there in the way only someone already too hurt could produce. Dean felt suddenly very sick.
Chuck is gone, so Dean and Cas are free.
JP: Right, which is really bizarre. There had to be some way to get that across without being ridiculous. When the brothers found out I was the Siren, I couldn't keep acting like a woman and it wouldn't have been real if I kept going as a man. I tried to find something almost neutral, but displaying some kind of sexual tension. It was weird, and I don't know how I came up with that.
“I'm sorry about the coat,” he murmured into Cas’s neck when they broke apart, “I couldn’t bear to look at it anymore.”
“I think you know already,” and through all of the pain, and tears, and unsaid things Cas smiled. It was so honest and raw, so much so that Dean couldn’t stop the sound that escaped his lips. He didn’t know what to do, anymore. Not that he ever really knew what to do, he had Sam to tell him what to do when he couldn’t figure it out. This was something Sam could never fix.
“How could that be different?”
“However long it takes,” his voice was thinner now, stretched on a wire between composure and despair.
Dean looked at Sam, who seemed equally as confused at Jack’s behavior.
Putting all these scenarios together, we get to see that Dean is a depressed, self-hating, functioning alcoholic because did I mention how much alcohol he drinks? He’s admitted before he’s a functioning alcoholic, and it’s rare to catch an episode where he doesn’t have at least one beer. This is a good closer for this section, as it just shows how much he drowns out everything he feels.
“Get away from him!” He screamed, and all of his power was directed towards Chuck. Dean ran to Sam and untied him with the knife still dripping with Cas’s blood.
“You can’t,” Meg said, standing in the middle of the library.
Something like a laugh came from Cas, and then he was tunneling himself closer to Dean’s neck.
A growl came from Cas’s stomach, followed by a confused face that made Dean burst out laughing.
“Get him out,” Sam panted, “The spell, it was already cast. Just get him out.”
“Cas,” Dean said to no one, “I know you can’t hear me,” he squeezed the bridge of his nose and fought back hiccups, “But, I just gotta know. What am I supposed to do without you?”
There are little things here and there between the first example and the next, such as in season 3 episode 10 “dream a little dream of me” where Dean asks if Sam's having a sex dream about Angelina Jolie or Brad Pitt. Dean thinks that it’s normal and completely understandable to make ‘happy noises’ while dreaming of Brad Pitt. I don’t want this analysis to sound like reaching, so I’m going to skip the majority of the minor details. The next and likely most convincing example of Dean’s bisexuality is in the season 4 episode 14 episode titled “sex and violence”, which is already an interesting title worth a mention.
In Season 10, Dean deals with the Mark of Cain. For as long as he can, Dean acts as though the mark is not affecting him. Over and over again he hides from Sam the damage it’s doing and how hard it is to stay non-violent until finally, nearly at the breaking point, he admits the power it holds over him and that he literally needs to lock himself away so as not to hurt anyone. And that doesn’t happen until he almost kills Claire and brutally murders a large group of her kidnappers. In Season 11, Dean deals with his feelings toward Amara. These are emotions he represses in particular, as Sam doesn't find out how he feels until episode 13.
Mary Winchester was murdered by demon Azazel, nicknamed “yellow eyes” in the pilot episode of Supernatural. Her death led to the estrangement of John Winchester, her husband, and the father of Sam and Dean. John was overtaken by the need for revenge and took his sons on the road with him to begin a long and dangerous life of hunting. Being raised with no home and no mother, Dean was forced to act as both a father because and mother to Sam because of the frequent sequences of abandonment in various motel rooms that sometimes went on for months. In season 12 episode 12, Dean confronts Mary about this; “I had to be more than just a brother I had to be a father and I had to be a mother to keep him safe, and that wasn’t fair.” Throughout the series, Dean is shown cooking, cleaning up after, and comforting Sam in their childhood. In season 3, episode 8 “A Very Supernatural Christmas,” John doesn’t come back for Christmas even though Sam wanted him to. Dean cuts down a tree, decorates it, and wraps gifts he stole from a house up the block for Sam while claiming it was John that came back and did it just to make Sam happy. He has put Sam’s happiness above his own since before Sam even knew monsters existed. There are many other examples of Dean giving up his own happiness in his childhood for Sam’s, such as the dance he misses with his first girlfriend in season 9 episode 7 “Bad Boys” because he sees Sam playing with a toy in the Impala.
On September 13, 2005, the cult phenomenon Supernatural, created by Erik Kripke, first aired on WB. The show follows the Winchester brothers, Sam and Dean, as they tackle hunts for monsters and countless other things that go bump in the night. The first two seasons are mostly the same; the brothers hunt a monster, kill it, and occasionally get a hint at the location of their missing father. The character this essay will analyze is Dean, the older of the pair. The main focus will be his sexuality and the heavy controversy surrounding it, but the trauma of his past and how it has affected the way he deals with self-discovery and emotion will also play a role in this analysis.
Crowley is quick to realize demon Dean isn’t the perfect companion he thought he would be. In fact, he sends Dean back to Sam to fix him. For the rest of the season, Crowley is seen slacking in hell and pining for Dean constantly. At one point, he sits in a bar drinking and looking at a picture of him and Dean as Hey There Lonely Girl by Eddie Holman plays. He is mocked by his demons and told to “move on” while also being called the Winchester’s bitch, (especially Dean’s) which he doesn’t deny. Crowley continues to do everything Dean asks him to, leading to his death in season 12 episode 13 “All along the Watchtower” when he dies in order to save the brothers. During the funeral for Castiel, Dean admits that losing Crowley was also part of the failure to trap Lucifer.
“I’m right here buddy,” Dean stroked his back in long, soothing strokes.
“I’ll do it,” Dean said, stepping forward to put himself in the line of fire. He had a responsibility to protect the people he cared about, and he would never stop doing so until his last breath.
He puts it in the old cassette player and limps over to Cas. Dean takes his hands and they dance quietly, holding each other and exchanging lazy kisses. They mumble stories and affections while the moon rises higher into the sky. Cas thinks, if he just holds Dean a little tighter, they might have forever. The ring is heavy on his finger.
“I always liked the trenchcoat, it was a signature- you know? Like Fred’s ascot or Marty Mcfly’s orange vest.”
“Cas?” Sam said to break the tension and Dean shook his head to see if he was dreaming.
“Oh, Dean,” Chuck laughed to himself, a crooked thing that made Dean want to rip him to shreds, “always too quick to act and so slow to think.” Chuck snapped his fingers and they were in the dungeon. All of them. Sam, Jack, Dean; they were all instantly tied up in chairs surrounding the main devil’s trap. In this chair sat Cas, cheeks still streaked with tears but attitude completely shifted. Dean pulled against his restraints and looked to Sam, who looked surprisingly at ease.
He spends his days in bed, but Cas is there. He brings Dean water and his medicine. Heals the minor aches and soothes his arthritis. Cas prays to Jack- asks to just have a little longer.
Dean resisted every urge to run to him and just smiled broadly, “How?”
He considered lying, but didn’t really see the point anymore, “No.”
“It's good to see you, Dean,” he says wetly when they pull apart.
“Last time, huh?” Dean stepped forward so they were inches away from each other.
Dean ages. It starts with a strand of grey hair. Cas loves this too. It means that Dean has lived longer than he ever thought he deserved. When he starts to get small aches, Cas heals them secretly while he sleeps, stroking the grey hair from his wrinkling face. Dean never says anything about them, but Cas knows when he feels one. He did build this body, himself, after all.
“Little brothers,” Benny intoned with as much fake disgust as he could muster, earning a bitch look from Abram.
He was in the middle of trying to control it, trying to stop his need to
Because Castiel
He huffed and sat up with a grunt. “Maybe I should call Sammy…”
for alphaing! <3 U BOTH!!
. It was too much.
Joshua sighed himself, and put out his hands to stop them. “Castiel, resume your seat.”
“Sure you’re not, kiddo.” Michael chuckled and stirred cream into his coffee. There was an awkward pause before Michael cleared his throat and said, “Look, I’m currently wooing someone I hope to bring home to meet the family.”
Cas snorted and his ears flicked back, giving Dean a flatly unimpressed look.
The longer Heat was used, however, the less effective it was, but the addiction stayed with them. It sometimes was so bad, an addicted alpha could pine and die because nothing could curb their urges anymore.
He picked one up and bit into it. His eyes rolled back and he groaned filthily, causing Cas to stop mid-bite to stare and blush, while the rest of the people in the restaurant started laughing heartily. He suspected there were some bawdy jokes in there, from the red faces, but he didn't care. “Oh my GOD, Cas! It’s
But today had been
Dean wanted to laugh… or throw up. Throwing up seemed like the better idea. He cradled his aching head in his hands. “Where’s Bobby,” he finally asked, holding in his bile.
It was a bad day.
question.”
The yōkai chaos in the city had gotten to the point that Jody had alerted the city cops to just call Bobby when something bizarre was going on. After a few deadly encounters, it became obvious this wasn’t something they were equipped to handle, because shooting the yōkai didn’t kill them: they just pulled themselves back together and attacked again. Rinse and repeat: night after night, the yōkai chased families and scared pets into comas.
Dean smiled smugly and murmured, “Naomi’s sister, remember?”
Still Beautiful. Still Dean Winchester.
Moving on right to the very next episode, a fan favorite titled, “Changing Channels,” Dean and Sam are thrown into a TV universe by the archangel Gabriel. The episode opens with a shot of Dean intensely focused with his mouth open on a makeout scene from the show Dr. Sexy M.D. Sam walks in on this and, of course, makes fun of him for watching a soap opera. Later after entering into the TV world through a closet, the brothers find themselves in Dr. Sexy M.D. When Dr. Sexy himself walks down the hall with dramatic swooning music, Dean gets visibly flustered similar to how a girl would react overseeing their male crush. Dean looks around, blushes, stutters, and grins in a way we have never seen him do at this point. The funniest part about this whole interaction is when Dean notices that Dr. Sexy isn’t wearing cowboy boots and claims that “what makes Dr. Sexy sexy is the fact that he wears cowboy boots, not tennis shoes.” The common argument against this scene as evidence is that Dean is just acting starstruck. The flaw in this argument is that Dean actually does meet female stars from the show, but around Dr. Sexy he is much more bashful than the women. Jensen Ackles even called Dean a “closet fan of the show” when asked at a convention about the episode.
“It is a similar spell intended to remove the mark of Cain,” She swallowed and looked at Dean with pity.
“I did it to-”
“Because he died human and not an angel,” Jack chimed, grinning from ear to ear while holding onto his father’s arm, “I just had to get him from heaven. Not the empty.”
“I’m going for a drive,” Dean said, standing suddenly and stepping away from Cas’s body. He had to get out- didn’t know how long the emotion wall would last in his head.
Besides simply sacrificing experiences and innocence for Sam’s happiness, Dean also takes the brunt of John’s abuse. There is admittedly not much to base this idea off of, but the few scenes and personality traits Dean has can be attributed to common results of child abuse and undeniable neglect. Psychologically, emotional neglect manifests itself in children’s behavior by burying emotions, self-worth issues, high guilt, difficulty asking for help, and feeling out of place. Childhood neglect often goes hand in hand with codependency, an “excessive emotional or psychological reliance on a partner, typically one who requires support on account of an illness or addiction.” Sam and Dean demonstrate these behaviors countless times throughout the series, most notably when either of them dies or is at risk of dying, they quite literally come close to ending the world just to save one another. By season six, it is beyond the point of brotherly responsibility when they constantly lie to each other in order to keep their problems and backstreet demon-deals a secret.
“Personal space, huh?”
“You thought you could defeat me,” Chuck laughed, unaware of the sludge, “I’m God!”
“In my whole writing career, there was one thing I could never get right,” Chuck began to pace and scratch at his own beard, “I had thousands of years and hundreds of relationships with humans of all types, but I could never seem to get it
Memories of his life passed by Dean behind his throbbing eyelids like a movie. All the concealed touches and glances, everything he had hidden from so long. He hated
“No, come on Cas stay with me,” Dean pressed their foreheads together and tried to straighten his tilting head with gentle hands.
Cas just looked up at him, blue eyes shining with the closest thing to satisfaction Dean had ever seen in them, “At least I can promise,” they fluttered shut and Cas drew a final breath, “this is the last time.”
was a mistake. He loved Cas. God, he loved Cas more than anything. The last time he thought he lost him, Dean literally killed himself. What was he supposed to do? If he tried again, would death let him? He didn’t have anything left to accomplish- Chuck was trapped. Had he finally done enough to earn the peace he craved?
Dean rolled his eyes, crumbling under the lip onslaught, and sighed like he was seriously put upon, nodding. “Okay, fine. But, Sammy, this is a
. If he had had suppressants, his heat wouldn’t have even been an issue.
“Yes, well, desperate times call for desperate measures,” Dean quipped, pulling the drawer open. “Now, who was the first to die?”
. Especially an admittedly hot one as Castiel was (seriously, calling him Father was just weird; it bordered on
“Um, well, Gabe,” he started. (Castiel panicked. GABE? Did he just call him GABE??) “I broke the Yumekui thing, and Cas and that Baku chick popped out, and Cas said he’s not powerful enough to stop her alone and we have no holy weapons, but Cas here said that you were a mensch and you’d give us a hand.”
Sure enough, the bulls had found piles of the stuff, just
A brief scent that had tickled his brain and sashayed around it, distracting him and controlling his phallus in ways Castiel was utterly unfamiliar. His hand felt strained and his penis hurt from the tugging and rubbing, the need to knot somehow urgent. The thought of caramel apples and cinnamon pralines ate at him, made him want to break down the door and find the source of his problems. Find it and
“Dude, what is your deal? I mean, I’m a whore.” He made a ‘what the fuck’ motion with hands. “Your kind wants a fresh and virginal omega, don’t you?”
It wasn't what he expected, but even without meat, the flavor was pleasant and filing. The heat of the broth was nice, and the sour cream added a thickness that nearly made it into a stew. It mostly tasted like cabbage, which wasn't bad. It just wasn't what he was used to. He ate it all, and, feeling super stuffed, still eyed the last two pirozhki on the plate.
try, so why not?
Outside the truck, a thin woman in her mid-twenties stood and peered into the truck with suspicious brown eyes. “Who is in there? Benny and… oh? Is this the stranger come to town?”
Castiel said, “Alright. Then I’ll start making the grilled cheese sandwiches.”
He heard Dean swallow nervously and was glad they managed to locate his duffle bag after some shifting of leaves. He looked more at ease with his machete in hand. “So, what? These are his kids out to find a snack?”
“And you, rare Wesen? How old are you?”
She walked to the edge of the large river, the rich bank mud squishing between her toes and making her happy. She turned to look for a hole, for some sort of nearby den, and decided to walk a bit further off the marked human paths into the nearby woods. Here, away from humans, the tickle of contained lightning was less potent, made her itch less.
As a hunter, there were rules about the supernatural that most people didn’t get. Sure, when there are eight people with cameras in a haunted house, the ghosts are unlikely to come out and say hi. But, really, the things that went bump in the night, particularly Japanese things, preferred for there to be humans out and about to torment and eat.
Cas stilled and said, “To be honest, I am uncertain there is a way to ensure her death, since she is one of the original nine baku, born from tears of the very first when she looked upon herself in the Yellow River and thought she was foul to see.”
Dean realized the raven had avoided the question about capturing the creature. He let it slide for now, since there were apparently pressing matters.
“Cas,” Dean whimpered, as Cas sucked on his bottom lip, running his thumb over their heads in a rough circle, holding them up as their cocks rubbed together. He moaned as Cas nipped at his jaw, gasping as he sucked hard behind his ear.
“He better not send us out again. We've been doing good for once! Closing cases and stuff!”
Until now.
“Well,” he said more loudly, “I’ll keep looking things up. I mean, you said Feathers thought it was rabies?”
Sam returned and added, “We call him ‘Bobby.’”
Blue eyes narrowed somewhere to the space to his left, and Cas said, “Not us, specifically.”
Now, what
More cursing ensued, and Sam yelled back, “Sorry!! I tried to make breakfast!’
“Here. Shake your tail feathers and make us some dough.”
him admit everything, every salacious detail, bother him for every single embarrassing moment.
— is the one who summoned him. I just helped.”
He had almost made it to safety—
tough, however, he sold his slick to the secret slickery. Selling slick was even easier than selling tail. At $100 per ounce, he could rake in money to save for Sam’s education, but knowing there were strange alphas out there getting off to his slick made him feel weird and itchy, so he didn't do it more than twice.
He took his pill for the night and, as usual, passed out hard and fast.
Gabriel honked out a lewd laugh. “Bro, we threw every variation of ‘hot’ and ‘wet’ at this little peckerwood, and he ignored them all, even when they were dying to ride his dick.”
Michael had smiled, and then said, "Don't step on that fish, little brother. Big plans for that fish."
Dean looked at the still swaying bangs and said, “Man, I’m telling you—give me five minutes with some clippers…”
“You stupid sonuvabitch!” Dean yelled as he ran forward, pulling the sickle towards him at the same time, the momentum taking it back over the same path and severing most of the remaining hair. Dean caught the hand sickle one handed, even as he moved forward, and hollered, “RUN!!”
He was surprised at how easily both boys responded, especially Dean since he really seemed not to care one whit about being an altar boy.
The host scurried away, and Michael set his elbows on the table as he leaned forward. His eyes gleamed in the candlelight, and Dean wanted to stab him with a spork to make them stop.
, that sweet clean scent of his Alpha with the overtone of vanilla and something rich like molasses just pouring over Dean, and his Omega recognized it with glee.
“Some trampled grass. A muddy bare footprint. That’s it.” Abram shifted awkwardly as Liza showed back up and gave them all a hard expression.
“Castiel!” Dean heard Cas’s mother trying to get his attention, while the scent of protective Alpha started to come off Cas’s father.
As it was, Kevin slipped in and out of his office as quietly as possible, dropping off papers carefully and slowly backing out, as if he were confronting a dangerous beast.
for some reason like you
him. He had scented the possessiveness. The
Abram and Benny exchanged worried looks again and Benny said, “Um, he has bitten me. Will this be a problem?”
This was also cut short by Gabriel’s growled, “You asshole!” And thereby Made Worse by his smacking Dean upside the head so hard, he faceplanted in his spaghetti. Gabriel had eyed the congregation, nodded acknowledgement, and walked out, leaving Dean wiping sauce out of his eyes and spitting out bits of carrot.
Thursday was, as usual, their ‘church’ day, the day Dean took Sam over to see Castiel. Dean had come up with various contingency plans to avoid Cas, but it was
“We should use the trees to build a rudimentary shrine and altar,” Cas intoned solemnly.
The familiar puff of smoke and the pop of his appearance didn’t happen.
“I said something in Japanese and that’s what your puny human brain came up with,” the bead said. “Now, let me get in your hand and we can get this over with.”
know for certain that Dean has gotten under Castiel’s skin. That man…” He paused and shook his head. “He has to figure it out for himself, Sam. I can’t be involved because he’ll yield to what he thinks
Shrugging as he slid back into his seat, Sam replied, “Yeah. Fine. You should just have some fun. I think I can handle one night. Just bring me back a souvenir.” He grinned. “Something nice!”
“That’s disgusting,” Castiel snorted.
Ain’t enough of it in the post-war world. Most ex-soldiers had nightmares that echoed in the halls of apartment and tenement buildings alike, and Dean ain’t immune to them either.
A few seats away, with at least half a dozen people and a good length of table, Cas was seated between Hael and Gabriel, his eyes glued to his plate, anger still radiating off of him. It didn’t help Dean relax. Not even the fact Michael was sitting away from him, while the people he was seated next to were speaking to the people on their other sides (taking all of their attention) didn’t help his internal struggle.
out there folks! Keep it in mind!”
Just above where Dean would someday get his mating mark.
“Barely 18.” Cas sighed into his arm as they laid face-to-face. They had moved the white-blanket things (“Frost blankets,” Cas said.) and molded them into a nest bottom, while using the towels on the top. The frost blankets were admittedly very warm, but they were not very comfortable. “At 18, had already enrolled in college for Theology…”
Dean pried open the refrigerator and found there were still eight eggs left and enough bacon for breakfast and maybe BLTs for lunch. He asked Sam if that were cool, and, although he was something of a health freak, Sam really couldn’t say no to a BLT.
and especially to
Castiel quickly looked over at Sam, and wasn’t surprised to see doubt flash over his face before he controlled it, forcing his expression to become flat and unreadable. Definitely something going on, Castiel judged. He nodded to himself, and tapped the papers on his desk, putting them aside. He decided distancing himself from Dean was advisable, purely because he had never smelled anyone or anything so tempting. He gritted his teeth and girded his metaphorical loins.
He didn’t make that observation lightly. After all, he had seen bird documentaries. Heck, he’d even looked up raven mating on YouTube. And, although it wasn’t as obvious as flaring out all his feathers and doing a mating dance around Dean (Sam would’ve
Please tell me if you need something else defined or explained.
Just as the redhead started to giggle back, Dean threw the first half of the paired hand sickles connected at the base by a thin silver-white chain. The sickle just made it between the young man and wave of barbed hair that was going to make him look like someone had picked the meat off his bones. It sliced through most of the tendrils, while the silver chain dropped on the rest of the hair as the sickle lost momentum and fell, the blessed metal separating it from the Hari onago with the hiss of a heated knife through butter.
"You mean because you pulled me out of hell and then branded me?" Dean's dry humor leaks into his voice. The handprint was only faint reminder nowadays but Cas had told him a piece of his grace would always reside in Dean. It's what held his soul and body together.
“Sure.”
Dean hadn't given much thought to a vacation. Where would they even go? How long would they go? What if something happened while they were on vacation? What if a life was lost because they were busy being selfish on vacation?
“No.” Cas says with a worn down tone. “The best I can do is hope that in time it will pull ahead and I’ll finally have enough to heal my wings, which will replenish the rest of my grace.”
Dean’s brain stops working for a second. But then guilt sets in. “I don’t want you stay if you don’t want to.” He says resigned.
At the desk, he asks for a room with two beds, pulling out his wallet.
In Dean’s room, Cas undresses his top half, shedding that God forsaken trench coat, and his suit jacket. He lays them neatly on the desk chair and moves his hands to his chest. This feels weirdly intimate to watch and Dean should probably look away. As it is… Dean does not. He watches as Cas’ deft fingers smoothly undo his tie, and pull it from his neck in a fluid motion.
After situating himself, Cas turns partially and asks “So I'll walk you through the steps?"
He feels Cas’ fingers on his chin pulling his face back to look at Cas. His eyes have to be filled to the brim with unshed tears. He holds them in though. Cas searches his face for what feels like an eternity but in reality was probably only a few seconds. “You don’t want me to leave.”
“Dean I can’t ask that of you.”
Dean had never seen so much of Cas’ skin exposed, and all at one time. Inches of tan skin, sculpted far better than Dean’s own.
Cas’ finger circles some more, pushing, prodding, and eventually pressing in. It’s a strange feeling at first, having something going in. But his relaxed state ensures that it’s not uncomfortable. Cas pauses to look up and check on him and Dean opens his eyes long enough to nod for him to continue, before squeezing them shut again.
Cas downs his own glass, and Dean watches, reverent. There’s something to be said for someone who can down some of the strongest whiskey in one go and not wince in the slightest.
“Doesn’t have to be.” He says coyly. “You know I usually order this much because my sasquatch brother swings by to raid my kitchen, but he’s standing me up tonight. I’m short a movie companion.” He tips his head to the side indicating his TV.
“See, that wasn’t so bad.” Sam teases.
Castiel nods. He knows all about abusive fathers. But it still didn’t explain a capital punishment. So he raises his eyebrows for Dean to continue.
“I think that’s it, Cas.” Cas lifts his wings to- stretch?- them and they tremble like a dog shaking water off. It would be comical if it wasn’t one of the coolest things Dean had ever seen.
we could go to the farmers market on the outskirts of the town.” He reaches his arm up to touch Dean’s head in a sweet way. Dean feels himself sag immediately, groaning internally like a toddler who didn’t get his way.
This time when Dean answers, he’s wearing gray sweatpants- he clearly knows what he’s doing- and a simple black v neck t-shirt. He’s barefoot. And smiling. He opens the door wider, indicating Cas to come inside. “So I just realized I didn’t get your name.”
brings Dean up short. And Cas elaborates. “I’m not sure how much research you did, but it’s considered… rude to refuse an offer of wing grooming.”
“Back in a jiffie.” He throws out to Cas as he climbs out of the Impala to head to the front office.
also seems to evaporate and just like that, they’re just two naked friends in bed together. “Uh, thanks.”
And so they fall silent, Dean deep in thought.
Dean works with a small smile on his face while they clean up the sight. An old warehouse. It’s always an old warehouse. He continues to take notice of Cas and is disgruntled to see that Cas still shifts around a lot. He still arched his back quite a bit and rolled his neck around like it was an endless cycle of discomfort. Dean was going to find out about it.
Castiel makes another snap decision. “I’ll escort you out.” It's protocol, after all. Sam nods and they walk in silence through the gates and doors of Wall’s unit.
A little while later Cas shuts off his gun, and Dean opens his eyes to find him blotting the skin carefully. “Go check it.” He rumbles, his voice softer.
“What brought all this on, anyway?” He was grateful for the conversation, it was keeping him engaged, but Cas never brought up this type of stuff. Did
“I reckon we should start in the big shower so I have room to get them washed and then I guess we’ll move on to the actual grooming part?" He says it like a question, wanting to be sure everything he said is correct and to give Cas opportunity to object to anything.
“Dean? Is everything okay?” Cas is tentative. He knows Dean well enough to know when he’s in a mood and in return, he takes a cautious approach.
The bandage applied and Dean’s shirt back on, the aftercare instructions gone over, and Sam waiting on him by the door still talking to his own artist, Dean pulls out his wallet, and passes Cas enough cash to cover a tip and then some.
you to. But I don't wish to make you uncomfortable. The next part is- is why this is done between lovers for fun."
The man behind the counter nodded. “Just let me draw it up real quick. Is it cool if my buddy works on one of you? It’ll go faster.”
The hug ends, but Dean isn’t done with Cas. He gestures back to the war room. “Let’s go finish putting up the rest of them.” Cas
Some weird ass cult symbol that had something to do with demons and possession, or some shit. Dean was pretty sure he was going to regret this particular venture, but he damn straight wasn’t a wuss so, mentally, he pulled himself up by his bootstraps, and followed Sam into the sterile smelling hole in the wall.
“I’m fine. And you’re doing nothing wrong. Its actually extremely pleasant. I believe humans would equate it to receiving a massage.” Dean is slightly jealous, he's never really had a massage before.
“Thrown out. ‘Course I didn’t truly have anybody on my side until a long time after. And by then, nobody cared.”
Dean moves his hand to the back of Cas' neck both to guide and to keep in place. When their lips connect for the first time, its soft and hesitant. He pauses before reconnecting with a bit more force. And this time, he feels Cas return the pressure. It's
"There- isn't, but-" Cas sounds as hazy as Dean feels. Cas wasn't lying. There was no stopping whatever they've started. Their chemicals or whatever were reacting and unless something was going to clear this haze brought on by Cas and his oil, Dean wasn't stopping. Dean was powerless to stop something he'd wanted for so long. Unless…
"Hardly." Cas returns with a hint of sarcasm coloring his voice.
After a few minutes Cas tugs Dean's hair a little harder and Dean lets his dick fall from his mouth with an obscene pop. Cas is panting. Had he been panting the whole time? Dean isn't sure, he was lost to the world sucking Cas' dick. "As good as that is," Cas says breathlessly. "It's not how I want to finish." Cas was close to finishing? If Dean's chest puffed out a bit nobody had to know.
"With the idea that it could turn into more. It doesn't always but…"
He prays anyway. Cas breaks away and cradles his face gently.
“Nah, just got sidetracked. This stuff smells really good.” Dean has a crazy ass thought of sticking his finger in his mouth to see if it tastes as good as it smells. He rolls his eyes at himself.
booth. Cas makes sure of it. “You never know what you might find.” Cas shrugs at him. So far, they’d found a vendor selling fresh honey; Cas had bought two jars, another selling hand made scented soaps; “Dean you could use an upgrade on what you consider body wash,” Cas had said to him. Dean won’t lie, he was slightly offended, but the stuff Cas picked out did have a nice relaxing scent to it. At another booth they found a classic selection of homegrown fruits and veggies. Cas selected a variety of the stuff, knowing Sam would be all too appreciative.
Cas sighs. "Of course I
Dean had almost gotten the feeling the angel was uncomfortable. But whether that was physically or mentally, Dean wasn’t sure. He tried to give Cas space since everybody was entitled to days to cope with shit. Dean had his fair share. But after this many he was starting to get a little worried.
"So, how long does it take for that nice feeling to come back? That is you, right?"
"I- I want-"
So it was a physical something. Dean could work with that. Maybe.
"Sensitive, huh?" He breathes out. He continues straightening other parts and smoothing the oil out over them. Where the oil dries on the wings, a holographic sheen shines. Cas' wings are black, but they're also rainbow looking when the light hits them right. It's-
And with that Dean locks his phone and shoves it back in his pocket. He climbs back into Baby and doesn't even so much as look at Cas as the car roars to life.
And once again, Dean’s brain short circuits and he blanks. “I- you- me?” He squeaks.
Cas points up to the sky “If you look below the Big Dipper, you can see parts of Hercules. And if you look over there, you can see Leo. The constellation for this time of year.” Cas shifts his hand and Dean does his best to follow. He thinks he sees what Cas is talking about, but he doesn’t really care. Just lying here is good enough.
Cas trails off and Dean's breath hitches. So this isn't as black and white as he thought.
Oh yea. He’d be texting him later.
A week passes since returning to the bunker. They haven't attempted to find new cases just yet. Just an unspoken agreement. They all could use a break.
“Thanks.” Dean says, as he passes by, out of reach. “For listening.” His face is solemn. But Castiel thinks he sees the smallest hint of uneasiness. It’s gone quickly. And maybe Castiel is crazy.
When it was over, Dean stares at Cas expectantly.
Cas is on his knees on the bed, so before Dean can think too hard about it, he surges forward to wrap his hand around Cas. Cas hisses at the sudden onslaught but makes no move to pull away. Dean looks up him, telling him with his eyes his plan. He doesn't get Cas' reaction because he immediately ducks his head to lick the tip. That
It’s therapeutic and methodical, grazing his hands through Cas’ wings. Dean feels at ease with the world, safe. Which is a thought worth snorting at later. The world was far from safe, but details, details.
Cas closes his eyes, likely in focus. He takes in a deep breath and when his eyes open back up, they hold his glowing grace. Huge, black wings, appear behind him and these are so much more compared to what Dean had previously seen.
It ends all too soon when Dean’s mind catches up with him. They really need to clean up. “Uh, Cas. Should probably get a towel or something to clean up..”
They keep easy conversation and even get into silly hypotheticals, like where they would go if they
“So, uh, you wanna tell us what all this is?” Dean asks, sweeping his hand around in a grand gesture, referring to- the whole bunker.
"Can  I…?" He doesn't voice his question, but Cas seems to get it regardless because he nods.
As Cas sat down across him, Dean eyed him. He knew Cas could feel his gaze and it annoyed him ever so slightly that Cas didn’t look up. Ignoring him. He blew out a breath and squared himself.
“I had fun, Dean. Thank you for inviting me.” He figures niceties are a good place to start.
He must have been staring hard, not that he really cared; it was his job to watch the man, because at some point Dean looked up to meet his eyes and gave him a half smirk-smile.
Dean chuckles at Cas’ reluctance. “Okay, but you’re gonna have to walk me through it. Cuz I have no idea what I’m doing here.”
Was he fucking serious? “Uh, Cas man, you were there. Kind of thought it was obvious.” Cas continues to look at him, so Dean keeps going even though he can feel face heating up for umpteenth time tonight. “Yes I enjoyed it, dumbass!” He snaps and rolls his eyes. He looks away from Cas and prepares for Cas to hopefully let him down easily. His face is hot with emotion and he’s damn close to crying, his eyes prickling with moisture. He can feel his throat closing so he resigns to keep his mouth closed.
"That feels so much better." He sighs contentedly.
Cas tilts his head in confusion.
If it's sexual what happens when it's just a 'trusted companion' doing it? Does it have to include sex? Couldn’t you just… groom the wings and go on about your business? What about grooming wings was sexual anyway? What exactly did grooming an angel’s wings entail? And most importantly, could
“You had a pretty nasty cut at your temple.” Cas says casually. “And I know you get achy after a fight.”
He grabs Sam's shampoo since the health nut is crazy about what goes on his hair and he's
“And how would I go about doing that?” Make no mistake, Dean was definitely on board. He loved seeing Cas’ wings. In order to groom wings, you had to touch them, right? Dean was giddy at the thought.
He can’t be bothered. Cas knows him so well.
Because sex or no sex, Dean was going to help his best friend fix his wings. And hey, Dean had had plenty of sex without feelings, it wasn’t a big deal. It was just scratching an itch most of the time. He could do that for Cas.
“So the first step is going through and plucking all the loose feathers. They should be easily identifiable and come off easy. Healthy ones won’t, so don’t worry.” Dean nods even though he’s pretty sure Cas can’t see him and sets to work.
(See the end of the chapter for
He takes notice of Cas in a different way now. The angel was still looking uncomfortable and it still wasn’t sitting right with Dean. Cas catches his gaze and Dean does his best to school his features into a more relaxed face.
be done by another angel. While it is true, an angel would already know the steps, they aren’t complex and can be performed by anyone willing to do so. Some angels would have their wings groomed simply because it's a nice feeling, both physically and mentally."
Cas turns to face him and his look is incredulous.
“You can take your shirt off.” Cas’ rough voice pulls him from his trance like state.
Dean knows exactly when Cas’ orgasm hits him. Cas’ head has been in Dean’s shoulder the whole time and he feels Cas bite down softly at the place where his shoulder meets his neck, stilling his body and spilling into Dean with the hottest moan he’s even going to hear. It’s glorious and if Dean was ten or fifteen years younger he would have stayed hard and insisted on round two immediately.
Dean shakes his head and laughs softly to himself. He’d never tire of this. Cas joins him a moment later and when Dean looks at him with his eyebrows raised, he just shrugs and grins. Dean has no choice but to smile back.
"You can just smooth it down over the wings and it will dry on its own."
As usual, Cas makes his way into the kitchen still looking stilted and uncomfortable. He prepares his heart attack in a cup and joins Dean at the table without looking at him.
“Is this gonna be a regular thing?” Gesturing around again.
Dean laughs. “Did you know you have rainbows in your wings?” He asks in wonder, excited.
"Pretty sure you said there was no stopping this." It was selfishly the reason he agreed.
Dean thinks annoyed. Wasn't there a saying about that shit?
Dean glances at Cas and finds him staring at the sky. “The constellations change?” It was a concept he doesn’t think he’d ever be able to grasp. They all looked the same to him. Even after decades.
“Oh were you talking about the sex? I guess we could do that too.” He pretends to ponder it.
“No, keep going, it’s good.” He grits out, pleasure clouding his brain and probably his face.
Dean nods again even though Cas can’t see him and focuses his attention on the massive wings again. They already look so much better without all of the gunk on them.  In some places he can see tiny feathers already starting to grow back in where Cas has lost them. Crazy how fast that worked.
"Dean!"
. He feels Cas’ presence following him, probably taking in his reactions.
Dean tries not to let that burrow into his brain. But it does. He can understand the physical part just from watching Cas the past hour. Cas says it's not supposed to hurt and that the shower even felt like a massage. He can't help but muse about the mental aspect. And his traitorous mouth blurts out-
"The glands hidden within the wing tendons and muscles. Now that everything is cleaned and straightened, it flows freely."
When Cas’ lips meet his, it’s so sweet. And it’s so good. It’s grounding and…safe. But it isn’t. Cas is going to leave. Dean soaks it all up anyway.
Apparently the act of grooming an angel’s wings could be classified as sexual. Dean still wasn’t sure how what he was going to do was going to merit sexual energy but he figures there's a reason for Cas’ defensiveness about it and Sam had said the same, granted his information came from Rowena, so. The book did not elaborate on how this process could go if the one doing the grooming was only a friend, so that was unhelpful. It also didn't elaborate on
"Dean, you're doing fine. And there is no rule a grooming
Cas smiles, a small and soft one. “Yes, Dean.” And with that, he gets to his feet, surprisingly well, despite being tipsy, and hauls Dean to his. Dean is not in as good as shape Cas is, and in a startling show of faith and trust, rests his weight against Cas, silently asking for help. Again.
“To protect my little brother.” He holds Castiel’s gaze with a sharp one of his own.
"Yes Dean. Usually, washing is not required as wings rarely ever get so bad to need it. But-" Cas' head falls. This is clearly hard for him. "I believe it would help with the- overall dirtiness." Cas doesn't look up and Dean feels his chest tighten.
Cas looks- embarrassed? At the very least, he appears hesitant. “Dean, I-. You have to understand, my wings are
Still frozen, "Does it hurt?"
“I-“ Cas seems at a loss for words. He seems slightly panicked. But then he resolves his face into an unnatural calm. “If you wish to help me with this, I guess I cannot refuse you.”
Cas nods in promise. “See you tomorrow.”
They almost looked sickly. When they moved, he could tell that they weren’t meant to be just black. They had a lackluster sheen to them that he probably wouldn’t be able to make out until they were cleaned properly. As of right now, they just looked dusty and ashen.
Cas had been right. It was a gorgeous fall day. Blue sky stretched for miles and the temperature was literally perfect to walk around in Dean’s usual get-up of flannel and jeans. The air felt crisp as he breathed it in and Dean was suddenly really glad Cas had suggested this.
Dean swallows. "I think I have an idea. I didn't do this for selfless reasons, Cas." He feels his face burn with the admission, but this haze has his mouth running away from him. He moves his nose over Cas' relishing the close contact. They're so close. So close they could-
Dean leans in close, dazed. "What do you want, Angel?" He rests his head on Cas' shoulder, keeping his hands in the wings, still moving, still stimulating, inhaling that intoxicating -arousing- scent. Cas pants at the obvious onslaught of sensation.
It sounds even fucking
They go to
There’s a candle on the table that proclaims itself to be the smell of pumpkin spice. It’s not bad. On his bed, there is a body pillow that reads
Dean resists the urge to face palm. “Cas… you were undoubtedly around when the term was coined. You, of all people, should know what it’s really about.”
“Chuck broke him.” He choked out “He made him lose hope. I… The things Sammy must have seen…” He stared furiously back down at the table as some tears escaped his eyes. He swatted at them angrily. “I just… I should have been there to protect him… and Eileen, sweet Eileen! He broke her too. I really thought Sammy would be happy with her. But now she’s gone. Chuck took her too.” His voice cracked at that point and he stopped, breathing shakily and glaring at his whisky. Cas waited for a moment, watching Dean sadly to make sure that Dean had finished talking.
Still that small high, that ‘lust’ they experienced just was not enough that they rampaged, looking to rape people.
Dean ignored how Cas had moved a bit further away from his fried eggs and tucked in, biting into his bacon with an inhuman moan of delight.
“For now? Avoidance.” Lucifer slipped on his suit jacket and prepared to leave. “I’m going to stay at my office. God knows when Mikey is going to get home and the fur will literally fly.”
“My ass? Yeah, I know it is,” he joked with a shit-eating grin. Crowley leveled his eyes on said ass, and Dean shivered. He suddenly wanted to cross his arms over his chest and tell Crowley to stop objectifying him: those creepy brown eyes were practically calculating how much every inch of his butt was worth.
Like Dean cared.
Suppressing his unkind urge to roll his eyes at his mother’s insistence he use the house resources instead of making his own (commoner) way home, he sighed and nodded.
“The yuma-what?” Dean tried to move his feet, and they begrudgingly listened. Having shifted them onto the wooden floor with a stifled moan, he finally found himself sitting upright on the couch. “Is that some sort of Arizona pink cactus thing? Coyote with a turquoise bandana?”
One moment he was upright and the next he was waking up half-sprawled across his bed, his legs awkwardly hanging off the edge and a pool of drool wetting the sheets.
“At the very least, I can make a grilled cheese sandwich.”
Abram didn’t reply but he tensed all over. It was all the confirmation he needed.
Without thinking about it, he stepped between them, his hand flying out and slapping Mr. Blue Eye’s groping paws off his little brother. He snapped, “Hey! Hands off the goods, padre!”
that fount of sin, bathe in that scent, make it
Marlon Brando was still performing the theatrical version of “A Streetcar Named Desire” at the time of this fic. Film version wasn’t released until 1951.
He and Benny again head over in Benny’s old Ford, both of them feeling grim. A bad smell never means anything good, in their experience.
He pointed at the two lines that were torn across what would have been the bottom of the victim’s throat. “Those look like claw marks here in front.” He pointed at the rough, torn flesh left at the back of the neck. “But I think this guy's head was torn off after the initial blow... unlike that woman's head... it looks like something attacked her from behind and bit through her spine and
“Lord Castiel, are you done with me for now?”
if you were just paying attention. The way the bird’s eyes followed Dean, their supernatural glow somehow softer. The way he paid intense attention to what Dean said, something Sam knew Dean thought was flattering. The way he made food for Dean, like perfect sandwiches or pancakes with a ton of bacon on the side. The way he made sure Dean was well-rested, staying with him all night, swiping his feathered fingers over Dean’s forehead, pressing down the quilts to keep him warm, and, sometimes, cooing over his head before falling asleep himself in the corner of the bed.
made his way to the neighboring dioceses to go to confession.
“I wouldn’t miss this.”
“Just fucking
Fucking
Like Dean was going to deliberately attempt to fuck it up and waste all the poor fox lives that had gone into it. Even if it was beautiful and soft, it still felt creepily like he was wearing a corpse or twenty.
He felt the change creeping along his spine, trying to escape his control, his fangs elongating and biting into his lip.
He fluttered down, the familiar pop meaning he was in his big bird size, and he looked up at Dean, offering his wing-hand. Now, Dean shrugged and took the smooth, soft feathers in his hand as they returned to the house. As they ambled in companionably, Dean muttered, “Fuck, I would kill for a nap.”
If Cas had known Sam had been watching from the hallway those few times, making sure Cas was not a threat in and of himself, Cas had never mentioned it.
on him lately. Like, seriously, what the fuck?
Cas chuckled. “I hope you like schi or borscht.”
Castiel gritted his teeth, wrestling for a moment with wanting to slam the receiver down.
“Can I help you, boys?” Castiel tried to smile inoffensively, spreading his hands out in front of himself as if to prove he was unarmed. He was honestly afraid to move, and, if he did, somehow he would end up racing back into the safety of the church.
The flight to Illinois was turbulent and fraught with delay, and it honestly left a foul taste in his mouth. As such, he was in a bad mood when he found a limo waiting for him at the airport, the young man holding a sign with Castiel’s name in neat print and shifting uncomfortably from side-to-side next to the escalators to baggage claim, looking way too young to be a driver.
in the middle of a mass of monster exterminators… and they weren’t actually human.
Green eyes assessed the onmyōji and he asked, “You
The first had made her panic, squawking with terror as the metal being careened through the air with a loud roar that rivaled the great dragons she had witnessed in her youth. But it had merely passed overhead, not even looking around, and she had sank back into her seat, trembling but safe.
. He swung the sword as he stood up behind the guy, and it bit into his meats right above his waistline. The guy howled, obviously not expecting it to hurt, which made sense as the shotgun blast had done nothing but ruin his “Dallas Cowboys” jersey that said, “Aoi” on the back. Dean heard him roar again as Sam poked him from the opposite side.
Bobby shrugged again. “My best guess is that’s an easy way to drum up business. I mean, Onmyōdō as a magical art was pretty new back then, compared to the others. They specialized in divination, but you know… if you make the call and then make sure it happens, you get more work that way.”
Any other questions, go ahead and ask! Or if there's something in the world building you're curious about, feel free to ask!
The other pixies scuffled a bit and then they set to tossing the dead pixies into the tangle vines.
Distantly, he heard Akira finish chanting, and then, when she started up again, there was a chorus joining her.
If anyone was unclean, it was Dean. You can’t have a different dick in your mouth every other day without feeling something. Dean preferred to feel nothing, but that was not an option when you had a teenage brother who grew at an accelerated rate and ate more than his weight.
Nothing. The house was deathly quiet and he found nothing else.
,” she hissed against his ear.
Dessert was a wash. The slice of
They were safely ensconced in Lucifer’s rooms, Lucifer having taken refuge in his private office. He had taken a seat at his desk and turned to face Gabe. Gabriel stared at his older brother—by twenty minutes—with his mouth open and his new lollipop hanging out. “Are you nuts? We have to tell him! Mikey’s been bragging on his ‘soon-to-be new acquisition’ for like a
His Omega had still been waiting for
He heard the bird’s soft huff only because he was next to his ear. “I’m saying she has been imprisoned for almost eleven-hundred years, and a few things have changed since then.” He bounced to his full height again, and said, “Go straight into the woods. I can sense it there.”
Dean hadn’t realized it until he heard Bobby and Sam do it too, but they had all three been holding their breath.
omega he had ever met, and he had met quite a few in his life. He turned back to walk into the church to think and pray. He had a lot to ask forgiveness for today.
(河童 "river child"): This is a water-demon. They have these little plates on their heads that, if they dry out, the kappa will be helpless. If it's broken, they'll die. Their favorite food is cucumbers. They are a symbol of clean water, and one of the sake breweries in Japan has kappa as its logo.
That crass humor was going to kill them. “Dean, we’re not even in the right
Dean and Sam now gaped at him, and the Alpha shrugged. “You did not ask. And I did not know Dean had money… this is not important to me.” He waved his hand dismissively and Bobby could scent the stench of aroused Omega starting to infiltrate the room.
his mind with pornography that he had been able to forget until now. The filthy poses of those film omegas haunted him, their blank anonymous faces replaced by Dean’s face. Presenting. Spreading himself. Begging for Castiel’s knot. Dean’s mouth on his, that beautiful man belonging to Castiel, and only Castiel.
He stuffed his lollipop back in his mouth, eyed her a moment more, seeming to evaluate her, and then he nodded. “Okay, you can keep her,” he said, while turning to walk away.
Dean sips his scotch as the young man’s eyes open wide and stare straight at him, making Dean swallow hard and almost choke. The fellow dips forward, holding the microphone like a lover, his gaze on Dean as he asks:
refused to render itself swallowable in his dry mouth. Dean had been looking forward to getting his sense of smell back, just so he could taste things! But nothing smelled good with Cas fuming nearby.
Cas sighed heavily, shutting his eyes and relaxing his chin onto his chest. He looked a bit pale under the white light, the shadows from his lashes making them appear longer against his cheeks. There were bags under his eyes as well, Dean noted, and he wondered if Cas had stayed awake to protect them… or from guilt? He hoped it wasn’t guilt; the thought made him anxious.
: I used this primarily to find information on the baku.
right now!”
Dean rolled his eyes again. “Yeah, well, in training. I’m not much of one yet.” He gestured between them. “I mean, if I were a
In fact, he hadn’t
He shrugged. “The weather? I don’t know... I’ve never fished off a boat.”
The blond beautician dude had come along with them in the limo, in case, Dean guessed, of a fashion emergency, along with the two burly bodyguards in black suits and wearing curly earpieces.
The club stopped as the red guy (in a damned Red Wings hockey jersey) tried to bring it down, and Akira’s strained, “NOW, DEAN!” made it obvious this was his chance.
Dean took it, because one less worry was awesome. And especially because it was Missouri’s leftover sweet potato
Jake nodded and came around the bar to pry the inebriated man off Dean, even as Michael wrapped his arms around Dean even tighter.
He didn’t know where he was, he didn’t have the right clothes, and there was no sign of Cas or the house.
Dean felt Cas was close to coming, his own climax dovetailing with him, sweeping them up in an electrical storm of sweat, heat, grace, and feathers. His wings fluttered behind him as his rhythm became erratic and he groaned, “Dean!” into his mate’s shoulder, taking Dean with him into the vortex of love and expelled heat.
Castiel rolled his eyes as Dean sputtered and Ichiren-Bozu laughed until he rolled off Dean’s chest and onto the soft earth. “I believe he does have a brother. His brother is not here.”
“FUCK!” He heard Akira shout. “This is
Dean let out a small gasp, bowing back against him. “Cas, you remember we’re in the middle of investigating a case?” He asked weakly.
means 'breath,' but refers to the 'form' of the spirit.
"Well it does mean we're going hunting tonight." Bobby turned to Dean. "Did you get the weapon?"
Bobby shrugged. “You know well as I do that there are always folks willing to take advantage of others. So, in like the 7th century, they started to hunt the baku again, not just for their pelts, but for magical practices, since the heart and liver were potent in seeing into the veil and dreamwalking.”
They finished their meal, and Joshua moved to pick up the dishes. Dean had stood up to do it, but Joshua waved him down.
“Sure,” he said, fighting with the wood. “I know we’re trying to stay off the grid, but since they know about us in town, can’t we get the utilities turned on?”
This will take me a while to get back into the flow of things. Seriously, expect SLOW because I hate my writing.
Both Balthazar and the female averted their eyes and just allowed Dean to serve them their drinks.
Dean rolled his eyes and heaved a put-upon sigh. “Capisce,” he replied sullenly.
It was the first time the Omega wasn’t wearing a guarded look and legitimately looked like his seventeen years. His eyes sparkled joyously at teasing his little brother, and Castiel felt something warm and…
The bawdy laughter echoed oddly in the small room, and Dean tried to hide his blush. He suspected he had failed, but it kept the men from looking deeper into his distraction. Or maybe they think it has to do with the killings.
He picked at the end of his coat, where the edge had frayed a bit. “He was a good man who was punished for it. His wife and kids left to die by those Barsuki scum when they were looking for help after a car accident. They refused them medical assistance, and forbade the doctor from helping them.”
Castiel couldn’t help his eyebrows jumping upward in surprise. He asked slowly, “You’re just seventeen…?”
Cas looked over,
Castiel bent over and picked up an errant stone, tossing it with a flick of his wrist into the pond so it skidded across the calm surface and left tiny shockwaves in its wake.
Dina, who was being helped up by one of her dining companions, smiled at them and cooed, “Aw, aren’t you sweet?”
His incisors bit into his lower lip as his stomach twisted inside him, his heart beating too fast, all while his lungs felt like they were locking up.
She carefully dropped the bead next to his laptop so he could continue watching whatever it was he was watching, and she said, “It’s a good thing that before I came, I checked the stars and did some divination.”
Sighing, Castiel wondered if the Omega Michael had been pursuing had finally given in. “I will ask if I can take time off. I was gone almost a month, so I’m not sure if I can take more time.”
Gabe eyed her and, popping out his lolly to point at her with it, said flatly, “So, you’re the big time medicine woman Bobby called in.”
Sam mostly carries him the rest of the way, although Dean refuses to be carried like a goddamn bride and both his stitches and healing arm mean no fireman's carry. So it's Sam leaning down to help Dean hobble up, taking most of his weight while trying not to aggravate his wounds.
) make sure he was okay.
have this?
Or maybe he did, but he doubted it. Dean treated Gabe like a bro, but he treated Cas with kid gloves, like he was precious.
She nodded, but the suspicion was not gone from her face. In the giant mirror, Dean could see the patrons were unabashedly watching the interaction. “Что привело Вас в Барсуки?
Dean scowled at Bobby, every part of him wanting to run out to where he knew Cas was waiting with Gabe, out in the grove, in nature, revitalizing himself. He tried to remember what Gabe said in the dream, what he had said about Cas recovering a bit.
Chuckling deep in his chest, Benny murmured, “Lots of omegas do it,
Shrugging, Cas sits on the very edge of the bed and twines their fingers together. “I may have told him that I was your boyfriend and I had a right to know. To stay here and wait for you, since I wasn't allowed to go see you.”
: Male virgin in Japanese. Not very nice.
?” Dean looked down into those puppy eyes and he knew he had lost. Frustrated, he gripped his hair and snarled, “
"Not so keen."
“And Hael is staying in Boston?”
Gray-blue eyes watched the bird hop up and down, until, finally, Bobby bowed and said something in a language Dean didn’t understand. “Bobby?”
He bowed and said, “O Kitsune Gabriel, this unworthy human is my bond-partner, the human called ‘Dean Winchester.’”
But Dean suspected Cas knew what he was specifically referring to, and he watched with interest as Cas’s face flushed even redder. “You mean, save you?”
Sighing, he smoothed a hand over the cover of his book, scratching idly at the pricing sticker with his fingernail, and said, “It’s fine, I suppose. I can stay here. I just can’t go back yet.”
One of the young men in the Shintoists stood up for a moment and said, “I agree. When I did a divination for events in the next few weeks, it said potential disaster in the next few days.”
Bitchface #21 (Screw you) came into play, and, after putting the pan and fork in the sink, Dean laughed harder and tousled Sam’s floppy brown hair.
This guy is one of my favs! Give him a look!!
The distant throbbing of his elbow made him check, and it looked like something had bitten him, the way the glass had stabbed into his flesh. If he hadn’t actually been bitten before, he would have been more grossed out by it. He let out a heavy sigh, rubbed his aching head, and was suddenly aware of someone else’s presence in the room.
"It's natural, Sammy." He smirked. "You need to relax, so when you finally dip your giant alpha knot into..."
The warning would have been more threatening if he hadn’t slipped on the hall rug as he turned, gurgling and yelling bloody murder, as he attempted to recover his balance. But like a cartoon pratfall, he ended up rolling forward like a pill bug, his ass in the air and his head now throbbing from smacking the far wall’s baseboard molding. He felt the bird land on his ass, his claws pricking him through the sleep pants.
Dean repressed his urge to laugh hysterically. “I’m eighteen, and don’t worry about it. I’ve been doing this since I was four. I’ve had a lot of practice.”
Thanks to a quick text from Bobby about a probable location, and a visit to Liza, who fed them and got them a boat ride out, they were finally back on track.
guy, a napping naked chick, and a bunch of kids in it. There weren't any health brochures or anything remotely medical. If he didn't know better, he'd have said he had walked into a stock broker's office or something.
He made the sandwich while Gabriel watched, carefully remembering how Dean liked it: lightly toasted white bread so it wasn’t too soggy; a bit of mustard on the top, a bit of mayo on the bottom; two slices of tomato; three slices of ham because, as he said, if he might die any minute, why go cheap on the deli meats? He left it on a plate, and glared at Gabriel.
“I was wrong,” he croaked, snapping down the cup, while bending over the table, eyes watering, nose running, and gagging at what he imagined might be the liquefied taste of ‘horse’s ass’?
Shesh sat back, looking please with himself. "That was our ancestor," he said proudly, rubbing his hands together.
Dean scoffed. “I might not be the brightest bulb on the tree, Cas, but I sure ain’t the dimmest. Something hit me and if it wasn’t you, what was it?”
“Do you think he’s the one killing people?”
Dean whined faintly, somewhat distressed in his nudity, and tried to move his aching body towards Cas, hoping he wasn't about to be rejected again.
“Twenty-six,” Cas replied huffily. “That’s nearly ten years older.”
attempted to start up again, it was interrupted by Gabriel’s sudden appearance, causing a flurry of awkward leaping up and bowing to the honorable kitsune by the Asian practitioners.
, maybe.
surprised when a wave of paper strips flew out en masse like something out of that Spirited Away cartoon, winding themselves like a whirlwind around the Baku’s body.
The man blinked at them absently and thought a moment.
“Shut up,” he muttered, trying not to laugh. The various practitioners were giving Gabe incredulous looks.
The languid licks continued down his back now and Dean wiggled impatiently, whimpering at not getting the relief he craved. Cas was taking his fucking time, and Dean was already impatient. He wanted that knot months ago. This was torture!
The teams had approached the various sigil sites, only to either not find them, or to also disappear into the night.
As he stared, Dean asked warily from behind him, “Do you need some help?”
It wasn’t her fault Castiel didn’t want to be Pack-leader, as was his place as the only Pureblood Alpha of the head family. She blamed his stubbornness on Charles's genetics.
“How do you know?” Abram insisted, snarling while his fur bristled.
Dean smirked. “Ah, don’t be such a big baby! You couldn’t even see anything!”
controlled the atmosphere, the room, and the touching.
The piano player bangs out a quick, amusing tattoo of notes to mark Gabe’s entrance, and Gabriel waves at him.
His future was here, wrapped in his arms.
a second-level who works at a bar." Lucifer snorted. "They're familial Alphas. They probably would pick similar mate scents. The problem is that Michael has enough hang ups, what with
His nostrils flared as he leaned back into Dean’s trembling form, his lips brushing Dean’s earlobe. Dean shuddered and Cas muttered through gritted teeth, "And I'm sorry."
Tears dripped down her face, and she glared at her clutching, empty hands. “Everything slips away… and it’s not a nightmare.” She turned those ruby-red eyes on him and wailed, “Who’s going to take that nightmare away from
As usual.
“We don’t need help,” Abram said, wearily. “We need a miracle.”
Dean stops just inside the door, colors violently to tips of his ears, and says, “How did you know?”
The tag for dub-con has been added because of this and the next couple of chapters. The characters are not really "themselves," thanks to mating hormones, so... the consent is dubious.
Joshua smiled at him, his eyes twinkling with amusement and fondness. “Indeed, kissing does generally mean something. It means they are attracted to each other if nothing else.”
Cas stepped closer to the nearest tree with a low-hanging fruit, eyeing them. “I…don’t think so, Dean.”
“Let’s just get this over with.”
“Father” Emmanuel Castiel Novak was a man of Faith. He had grown up in a wealthy home with several brothers and a sister, but, when he was 16, he felt “the Call.” Despite his parents’ disappointment and the teasing he received from most of his siblings, he entered the priesthood with eyes open.
I'm testing out a few things. Please mouse over text to see translation. But, just in case, I put it at the bottom. There is a bigger "bulk" section but fewer words interspersed.
Michael actually chuckled as he started the car and put her into reverse. “I wouldn’t know what to do with omega suits, honey. You keep them; you look like a million dollars and I can’t wait to show you off.”
Furthermore, he honestly looked uncomfortable, to Dean’s eyes, something that he had rarely seen in an alpha, and Dean wondered why—because they hadn’t done anything.
Dean smiled and dropped another kiss on Cas’s head, winking as he disappeared into the kitchen again. Cas took a bite of the bacon, the crispy strip perfect. It was almost his perfect breakfast. He was just missing his coffee.
“Ah, onmyōji. Always the curious ones.” Gabe sneered, popping back to his toy-sized self. He leaped on top of Bobby’s desk again. “He’s alive. Which is more than he would have been if Cassie and I hadn’t intervened.”
Cas sucked a bruise right where a mating bite would go, and Dean wiggled wildly, whimpering, “Ah, Alpha, Alpha,
Dean yanked open the door and, sure enough, Michael Novak was eyeing the place like he had never seen a trailer park in his life. Knowing Michael, he probably never had.
This was HELLA long and so broken into parts (it's still hella long). Yep. Partly to keep the chapters marginally short. Partly to stop me from flipping out. So please bear with me as Dean occupies WAAAAAY too much space and time… :P
? He might as well have set up a bonfire claiming he was lying about something.
The doctor’s home was as traditional as much as the clinic stood out. It was made of wood slats, much like most of the houses in the village, and painted a very bright white with bright blue and red touches around the carved window panes. There was a large flower garden in the front and, he bet, a large vegetable garden in the back. The house, like most of the others, also sat on top of a stone base that required a porch and steps to get up to the door.
Without realizing it, slick was starting to pour out of Dean at the sight of his gorgeous mate and who was
Cas was one bad motherfucker, Dean had to admit. Even Gabe had to give it to him, when it came to banishing spirits and not just eating or killing them. (It was a mystery what Gabe did with the vengeful ghosts he caught, until Dean caught him chewing on a jikininki’s leftover leg like a dog with a treat.)
At least that comfort had be there until—at age fourteen, with a howl and the sound of every bone in Castiel’s body snapping into new positions like crushing rice crispies under hand—his baby brother had gained the genetic privilege to deny Michael everything he had ever thought he had deserved.
Castiel seemed to get very quiet, and he shifted uneasily on the table.
and countless others. Bobby had taken to carrying his Shinto gear, only knocking Dean upside the noggin for saying his banishing chant made him sound like a grumpy Sailor-Moon knockoff. But then Bobby didn’t know Sailor Mars was also a shrine maiden thingy, with all that natural magic whatnot. With crows even.
The prepubescent fear of peeing his pants flared up in Castiel, because Lucifer and Gabriel were both ruthless and wouldn’t care that he was in his mid-20s: they would make him piss himself because they thought it was funny.
, that’s the worst possible scenario. There’s
Realizing he had been saved from freezing to death, and that Cas had been hurt by his action, Dean groaned inwardly and tried to speak. Embarrassingly, a squeak and rattle came out, and Dean coughed violently trying to clear it.
Dean snorted. “I’ll bring you back a square of toilet paper from the hotel bathroom, bitch.”
“It’s quite alright. Most parishioners merely assume I’m another priest, since I’m the first deacon Bishop Joshua has taken on in decades.”
The bead’s
“I want you to be healthy. For… you.” His fingers tightened briefly and Dean hid a wince as Michael added, “I want to take care of you. Please let me help you.”
won't be able to stop him.”
, he thought as he closed the door and followed the boys in.
Staring back at her, Dean took an impolitely big gulp of orange juice and even let some dribble out the corner of his mouth to be hateful.
The boys exchanged looks, and whatever Dean read in Sam’s eyes was undermined by the unearthly set of whines Sam’s belly gave off. Castiel smiled.
Castiel deflated. “Oh.”
He tries to blink, his eyes feeling gummy and stuck together, like he hadn't opened them in ages.
Castiel smiled softly and pointed at the collar of his gray shirt. “I wear this as a deacon, not as a
He wasn’t doing it without Cas. He just wasn’t.
The round brown eyes narrowed and she huffed a couple of times in response, sounding like she was snuffling the air. She eyed Cas a bit longer and, her voice low and rumbly, “You. What are you? Your anirniq is strange.” She sniffed at him. “You do not smell right.”
He lit the tinder and sat back after the very dry wood and kindling started to burn at a satisfactory rate. He sucked in a relieved breath and stood up to look around. There was no sign of hurried departure that he could see. He wandered over to a ladder that lead to a small bed nook above the fireplace, and he checked it for wildlife, relieved that he didn't see any, but making a mental note to ask Cas to double check. After the snake fiasco, he was absolutely done sharing his bed roll with creatures or creepy crawlies. The covered mattress was in good shape, though bare and without pillows, and he hoped that somewhere in the house they had left some bedding.
“I don’t know why I wanted a PhD,” she groused. “I’m constantly stressed, my diet is coffee and bad snacks, my skin looks like I’m in my 40s, and I haven’t gotten laid in more months than I care to admit.”
Cas took his hand as they stood on the patio, smiling love at him. “Let’s find out together.”
Dean reluctantly turns to him, and a warm, soft hand cups his jaw, brushing his thumb against Dean’s cheek. “And, yes. I love you too.”
Even when he had been human, he had enjoyed women and men, but none had stunned them with their soul. Then again, as a human, that hadn’t been what he had been looking for. More often, a bit of pleasure, a warm place to sleep, a bit of gaming and food… that had been more important than souls.
She stood there in her fancy black turtleneck, with her fancy crocheted huge sweater over it, her fancy black leggings tucked into her fancy black riding boots with the brown tops, her hand on her cocked hip, like Dean was wasting her time, and drinking from one of Bobby’s bigger mugs that said, “NOT INTERESTED” on it in big black letters.
“— Dean,” he said smoothly, “Calls me up in the heat of battle, I’ll come in the shape he needs me.”
“Hit me with it, Cas.”
He was trying to decide if he wanted to pull out his cheap little mp3 player to entertain himself when there was a brusque knock and a tall blond strolled into the room, his nose presumably in the paperwork Dean had filled.
Dean figures out what happens when you bite off more than you can chew of something you hate the taste of
“Of course. God bless you too.”
“Dude, Dale… c’n you, like, even st’nd? Srly… y’r heavy.”
Oh yeah, because he isn't supposed to.
my potential mate,” he growled back, “I think I have the right to blaspheme to my lying, so-called pious little brother!”
Sam arrived early, the 830 mass, to observe the other servers, Kevin and Ava, perform. Castiel went through the ceremony on autopilot, trying to figure out what felt off.
Michael smiled broadly and moved into his space, slipping his arms around Dean’s waist, slotting their legs together, and grinding his junk against Dean’s. Dean swallowed his disgust, and, while he was doing that, missed the cue where Michael decided to dip in and kiss him.
“I wasn’t! I was — I just reacted to his need! He was in danger, Gabriel! What was I supposed to do?”
When the dust had finally settled, Sammy had taken off again, back to Stanford and hopefully in time to prepare for his final papers. He had told Dean later on that, after Cas had been hit, that Dean had started to glow with a weird white light and even looked like he had a tail. Dean didn’t want to think about it, about the piece of the supernatural lodged in his chest. He had hugged his brother goodbye. Sam had chosen the ‘normal’ life and had even mentioned a blond girl he had been sort of seeing, if mostly for study sessions.
Castiel sighed. “Again, he is immeasurably potent. His household was related to the Emperor, so they were given stone statues with dedicated kitsune. He was, I believe, used as a weapon at one point. I think having him on our side would be wise, as we have few options and not many shrines nearby.”
Dean pulled out a huge package of ground beef, but since it was something for all the people coming in, Cas advised him to go veggie. And, although he wrinkled his nose in disgust, Dean started to make vegetarian spaghetti for twenty people, muttering that he was glad he had prepared for this by going to Costco and buying in bulk. There was a companionable silence between them while Dean chopped garlic and green peppers, and he finally broke the silence by asking, “Cas, are you okay?”
“Sam! What’s wrong? I can't understand you like this.”
cut through her abdomen. That’s where the main summoning spell is. That’s where she’s carrying the nue.”
To break the awkward silence, he asked, “Has Michael and his intended arrived?”
Gabe took a moment to lick his balls, ignoring her completely.
“Uh, yeah… I’m here to see…” He shifted his hand into his pocket, keeping his distance, and pulled out a note. “Doctor Hickey?”
“Forty,” Dean had returned, sticking his chin up defiantly. If he was giving up his mouth’s virginity, it’d better be worth it.
Dean shuddered again with the cold and ran his hands over his arms. Michael’s frown intensified and he pulled off his coat and offered it to Dean. Dean eyed it. Michael was still wearing a corded dark gray sweater that looked very warm, so Dean took the coat and slipped it on, relieved by the still-trapped warmth.
Missouri sat next to him and took his hand in her slightly chapped own, smelling like sugar and chocolate from her efforts. “Dean felt like he had been rejected by his alpha, Sam. His inner Omega must’ve felt like it was dying because its perfect mate, the one made for them by God, rejected him.”
—to lend him a hand with his tie. He didn’t want to ask the staff because… why would the staff do that for him?
Again, as he descended, he had an audience, and he recognized a few of the faces. He hadn’t had much to do with the larger teams, mostly because everyone was too spread out to hang out much. It wasn’t like there were that many people in Sioux Falls; it was more that there were just that many variations of yōkai running around causing trouble. Not all of them ate people; some were just annoying as hell and, to boot, multiplied like rabbits or hamsters.
This was about Dean.
Abram swallowed hard. “Maks... went missing. Completely missing. He had been walking home from work. We only found his parka. And then Nina went missing too, only her left hand and a puddle of blood was left.” His hands wrung together, he added, “We only know it was her because of the engagement ring.”
The feedback of Cas’s pleasure seeped into him even more; it curled around his prostrate now and tickled him there, much like he was sure Cas felt how hot and just
Castiel sensed a theme there.
wouldn’t want him.
consciously
, if you will. And you’ll be nearby so if Sam needs you, you can come running.”
The Baku was standing there with some satisfaction, her claws bright red with blood, and she said, “So that’s where the tengu went.”
His dream came to mind, the barrier that separated them, the desperation of being left behind and not knowing what was going to happen next to his loved ones.
The boy looked smugly back at the other, who rolled his eyes, and shrugged like he didn’t care. The kid then stuck out his hand and smiled at Castiel. “My name is Sam Winchester. I’d like to be an altar boy.”
But never had a man
The soft touch of those innocent lips was agonizing and Dean wanted more. He sobbed his surrender and pushed up against Cas’s mouth, licking to finally,
“Do you really think that’ll help him? Let’s have Dean figure this out first.”
Dean sighed and looked back at the bird. “Alright, Tweety. Let’s hear it.”
not whatever this thing was — AKA, Sam’s iPad.
“Gamboni Family was busy last night,” Benny comments as he grimaces at his paperwork, his cajun accent extra thick from exhaustion and disgust. “Six people doin’ nothin’ but eatin’ Chinese food in a backroom an’ playing Mahjong? Ya think it's a turf war?”
“I did not know that.” Dean looked off to his left. “Hey, what about that house over there? The one with the candles just in the window?”
Dean frowned but shook the woman’s hand. “I’m sorry…
Abram suddenly broke in, “I think the last body to die of the illness is at the doctor’s office, in the morgue until it is properly prepared for burial.”
I'm sorry this is so SHORT again!! I hope the art made up for it!
He had focused on that happy face and had calmed his nerves in the shower, scrubbing away at his skin until he had been nearly rubbed raw from the rough washcloth.
That had not gone as he thought.
All that did was make the frothing-wall-o-alpha curl into himself, gagging, and trying to breathe, as Dean had hit him neatly in the solar plexus like John had taught him.
Dean kissed Cas’s sweaty forehead.
“Deacon, are you okay?”
He ignores Gabriel jumping on stage to announce his brother in favor of signalling Meg to get him another double.
hot and
Regardless, that didn’t mean that when the man trapped him, Dean didn’t get angry. Because he was seriously pissed.
top. He clutched it into his fist and muttered, “Whatever. Can I get out of this chair now?”
“Hey!” He yelled.
un-beta'd. If you see any issues, PLEASE tell me. I will NOT be a dick. I swear.
The troll ran away with most of the pixies pursuing him, their wild laughter only slightly dimmed by a new roar from the dragonet. The last few pixies ignored the roar, eyed the dead gnome baby, and seemed to have a conversation before one pulled out some fine thread.
“It’s my fault,” he gritted through clenched teeth, feeling his wolf trying to take control. The surge of
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, squeezing his eyes closed.  “We think Daniil is patient zero, but we don’t know how
he thought
They both bowed (Cas with some help from Dean) and tentatively smiled at each other. While trying to help Cas stand and
Sighing, Dean allowed them to drag him along to the guest room.
Ignoring Dean’s cackle as he made his way downstairs, Cas pulled himself out of the warm confines of the duvet, and begrudgingly eyed the frosted windows that Dean had purposely tied the curtains open to. The clouds looked heavy and about to let loose a blanket of snow on the city. He grimaced and got up, pulling a heavy robe over his flannel pajamas. He didn’t care if he looked like an old man, as Dean liked to tease. He was
Cas liked meditation.
Gabe grinned broadly and laughed. “Ah, we’re both purebloods. Not that it matters as Omegas, but it does give us a level of freedom that others don’t have.”
Dean Winchester had not been born yesterday. He had known what a blowjob was. What had never happened was someone boldly
Cas tilted his head. “No, it shouldn’t.”
They spent Thanksgiving with Missouri, who had made an impressive spread, including a delicious sweet potato pie and banana pudding. Or Dean assumed they were delicious. He couldn’t taste anything, another annoying side-effect.
“That is one ugly mutherfucking pig,” Dean said.
He hands off his overcoat and hat to the lovely dark-skinned coat girl, taking the tag she hands him and finding a seat at a small round table at the edge of the stage.
She unintentionally sucked in a breath at that and looked horrified at the news. Her eyes grew wide and, if possible, she paled more. She turned to the children and told them something that made them look at Dean and Cas with wide frightened eyes and run away towards the trees like a monster was behind them.
Blue eyes flickered up towards the table and Dean awkwardly waved. “That’d be me.”
The doctor’s clinic was a small square building among so many cottages. Many of the houses were rustic, but the clinic, which would have faded into the façade of so many other towns and cities, stuck out like a sore thumb in the rustic neighborhood.
At 9 a.m., Dean heard the fire alarm go off and swearing in the kitchen. He leaped out of bed and stuck his head out the door, yelling, “SAM??”
The brothers shared a look, and Abram shrugged. “Maybe. Shall we go look?”
Cas’s beady blue eyes gave him a “are you fucking serious” look and Bobby sighed and pulled up a picture on his phone.
Dispassionately, Eve noted the destruction, knowing she could no longer stay in the apartment.
Dean got up at 9 p.m., got ready for work, checked on Sam, and headed out.
“Ah, yes, well, here’s the thing. Things are slow down here, and I have new customers upstairs. A second-level Omega like you is sure to be a treat for the lads. I need you to head upstairs and hustle for me.”
Castiel heard Sam, but it was as if he were speaking from far away. He heard himself say, “Yes, I’m fine thank you. And you?”
“Well, if they are migratory, they might be following the rivers or the coast. Ask yer buddies and see if they know anything.”
you, suck up your life force, and then I will devour your friends!”
The guy looked shocked by Dean’s response, and, suddenly, those blue eyes went wide with dark amusement as he looked earnestly into Dean’s eyes, seemingly bemused by the whole affair. He smiled crookedly, blowing out a chagrined laugh, and said, “To be honest, that has never happened in my entire life. Never. Not even when confronted with violence by another alpha, I have never lost my temper. I do humbly apologize.”
“I am unsure of the wisdom of, as you say,
She smiled as the sigils lit up, each burning into her flesh with a small sizzling sound, the gods accepting her sacrifices: the thousand human souls, the luck of the Righteous Man, and the willing womb of a corrupted baku.
“Bite me, you old coot.” Dean snapped. To Sam, he grumbled, “He’s getting too old for this shit. We need to save some money and get him a condo in Florida or something.”
Bela hitched on a sweet smile and oozed, “Hi Michael. Long time no see.”
had gone into heat without him there to
Sam batted him off because he was thirteen and thirteen-year-old boys do not want to be coddled by their older brothers, but Dean grinned and hugged him again harder, this time getting an “oomph!” out of Sam.
They had ducked behind the store and got to business, the guy pulling out his dick and Dean kneeling to do his “job.” For Dean, it hadn’t been entirely unpleasant until the guy suddenly came on his face in great volume and force. The alpha had held him there and smeared the cum all over Dean’s face, using his thumb to rub it in between his lips.
perhaps he
“Just fucking present, bitch! You need lessons on your place in this world?”
Cas barked out a laugh, something bitter and pained, and then turned towards Michael, his eyes not even acknowledging Dean pinned at Michael’s side. Through clenched teeth, Cas ground out, “If you excuse me, I need to wash my hands.”
Surprisingly, the ceremony itself went off without a hitch. Bobby, with Castiel’s help, had set up the altar and the offerings: a fresh fish, some oranges, a small pile of fresh veggies. The kicker had been the trays of fried tofu sushi pockets and fried tofu, topped off with a side of bowls filled with M&Ms, Skittles, mini-Snickers, and a small bouquet of Chupa Chups.
“I would imagine so, what with the weather so bad.” Stuart nodded wisely. “Well, it’s certainly a pleasure to see you home, sir.”
Dean blinked hard at the bird, his own head tilted slightly, as he wasn’t quite sure what he was hearing. The raven cawed harder, making it sound a bit like a cough, and firmly said, “Please open the window. I have need to get out.”
Neither is sure what that is yet, but whatever it is, they want it.
Dean nodded. “I've worked with a lot of second-level Omegas for some reason. You’re my first pureblood, though.”
“A-are you
The walk from school to the church was a short one, and, even as they walked up the pavement to the door, Dean could
That took the Alpha aback, a frown etching his forehead as he stared at Dean. A swirl of red drifted into those blue eyes, and the stink of aggression wafted off his skin.
Michael broke into a surprisingly happy grin, grabbing Dean’s hand from his cheek and dropping a kiss into the palm. “Thank you! You won’t regret it!”
The cloth stuck to the guy’s face just long enough for Dean to pounce forward and hit the dude with all his Omega strength, and he felt satisfied with the crunch of broken bones under his fist and the sickening thud as the guy hit the pavement with a groan and
The following Friday, Michael flew in to see him and took him on another not-date that Dean would not have expected from the pompous Alpha: pizza and Laser Tag.
“Mostly revered?”
Dean narrowed his eyes. “What do you mean, ‘handled’?”
“He shouldn’t have touched you. In fact, you
Up close, her face was even whiter, like it had been painted, her eyes lined in black, and her lips were a very wicked red. She smiled coyly at him and she giggled lightly. He, again, smiled back and, drunkenly, chuckled back.
For a brief moment, he missed his family, but he tamped it down and smiled all friendly like. “Hello! Um, my name is Dean Townsend and this is Cas —”
Sam was a mid-sized sponge for knowledge, eating up everything that Castiel taught him with a voracity that somehow humbled Castiel. He asked key questions, researched answers, and debating with him was always lively. It was, to Castiel’s surprise, fun.
Dean sighed and hung his head, thumping it lightly against the wooden floor. “Jesus fucking Christ, don’t I know one
Sam snapped to attention, his tea cup rattling in its saucer, and coughed, “Yessir!”
“Just great.” Dean flung his hands up in frustration. “Sadly, that probably is better than what I was thinking, which was run like Death was on our heels and just jump for it.”
: To clarify, Akio is Gabriel's Japanese name, which means he can be summoned by it. He doesn't like that.
“Are you sane again?” Joshua snapped out, eyes blazing with indignation.
The long tongue licked the dip between his spine and his ass, before licking at Dean's inner thighs, cleaning the excess slick that was dripping from him. Dean sobbed into the earth, his fingers clutching at the warm soil, and when Cas finally lapped at his hole, Dean keened.
Second-levels have less of a need to 'prove' themselves, and tend to be more level-headed. They are most often hired for security teams and rise through the military the most often.
Obviously carefully choosing his words, Dean replied, “I work maintenance at the trailer park and I work at a bar at night. Our Dad sends us money when he can.”
There were, of course, laws against this, since fertile omegas were quite rare, especially first- and second-levels. But omegas were told it was their fault if they were kidnapped or raped. Very few alphas actually went to prison for their crimes. It's just the way it is, the omegas sighed.
Bobby returned his glowered to Dean. “So you just decided to mate him? What’s your granddaddy gonna say about that? He was hoping you’d marry rich!”
It was hard to concentrate on what Sam said.
Then that traitor Sammy fell into a food coma on Missouri’s comfortable couch, and it was game and match.
“And what about Eve, the Baku?”
it. It felt right. It felt
Nikolai growled and woged, giving Dean almost no time to lower his eyes and watch from under his lashes. “I will not be responsible for this! You Brothers Mikhailov are on your own when the council discovers it!’
didn’t look at the man’s ass as he walked back into the church…
“Dean Winchester! You tame that right now! I’m too old to have your libido stinking up the room!” He gagged. “Get your horny bottom out of here this instant! Take that disreputable Alpha with you!”
Dean just wanted to get back to the Impala so he could go home and forget tonight had ever happened. Seriously, who the hell wanted to be given no options and forced to listen to some pompous asshat talk about how big and powerful he was?
Benny snorted with derision, “They worship false gods and practice heathen religion. We cannot tolerate them.”
In desperation, the screeching woman locked herself in the bathing room, crying the human tears that they all did: the recognition death was coming for them and no one was going to help.
? What's up with the names around here?”
Regardless, the rectory had also become his beacon of hope because Joshua had unveiled the Studebaker.
“Cas, give me a minute.” Sticking the flashlight between his teeth, he took off his hoodie and pulled off one of his flannels, covering the child respectfully. “I can’t just leave her like that.” He said, after putting on the hoodie again, and regaining his grip on the flashlight.
“What about Daniil?” They looked over at Cas, almost in surprise, since he had been so quiet during the discussion. “You said he died in pain?”
It was unfortunate that the Winchester townhouse was so close, seeing as he hadn’t enough time to brush off his annoyance. He was giving off the stench of anger, if the way the crowds avoided him seemed to indicate anything.
Previously, his younger brother, Sam, had lived with him on the second floor, in a bigger apartment, but he’d moved to Massachusetts for college to be a fancy lawyer. Now Dean could walk around in his drawers if he desired, no indignant little brothers screeching at him like a dame to “put some pants on for the love of God!”
“Oh, you might be right! You can just barely smell them!” More sniffing and another bout of (uncomfortable for Castiel) silence, before there was a sharp, painful poke to his side that Castiel did slap at, and then a hard shove as Lucifer roll him over and Gabriel leaped on his waist, the two ganging up on him to pin him down.
Shivering, Sam took off his coat, scarf, and beanie, handing them to Joshua to hang on the peg by the door, and then followed the bishop into the kitchen. He took a seat at the table, while Joshua put water in the kettle and set it to warm on the stove, and then reached for the hot cocoa mix in the cabinet.
Benny eyed Dean and asked sharply, “How old are you, anyway? You look awfully young to know how to do all this.”
its Omega.
It felt like release to Dean, like a fire had finally been quenched in his soul. The feeling multiplied when a smooth hand grasped his cock and stroked it, and Dean came hard, crying out Cas’s name and splashing both their abdomens as he did.
“Indeed,” Lucifer replied, moving a bit closer to Castiel. Cardamom and star anise joined the rose, and then an anxious thread of lemon shot through Gabriel’s gingerbread scent.
Problems with napping. Things that make medical examiners squick. Battle.
Dean backed up, unsure of what was going on, when the sigils on the Baku’s belly completely lifted off of her with a sizzle. She screamed, but the chanting kept going, unrelentingly.
“From him.” Gabriel pointed with a now fried-tofu-filled hand. He had finished off the tray of sushi and was working his way through the fried tofu. He took a bite of it and chewed. “I wanna hear it from him.”
Whatever Cas said made her eye Dean with thinly disguised disapproval and, with a heavy Russian accent, she said, “Da, English it is. What can I get you boys?”
Crowley smiled, and it was a nasty, Grinch-envisioning smile that curled dread through Dean’s stomach. “No worries, Squirrel! I’ve got something
Bobby looked at him with a scowl and shrugged. “It’s your ass on the line. It’s your show, son.”
and they needed masters of banishment. It was a mess.
together, apples and deep, dark sugar, the air mixing it into the perfect scent, Michael’s claim washed away by Cas’s pheromones.
Sam grinned and nodded, turning to Dean and giving him a hug. It was a bit of a surprise, since they weren’t all that touchy-feely in their family, but it must have meant more to Sam than Dean realized. He rolled his eyes, gently hugged him back, and scented his hair. The scent of fresh grass, vanilla ice cream, and little brother filled his senses, and he smiled into Sam’s hair. Realizing exactly how much this meant to the little scrub, Dean lifted his gaze to the guy, locking onto those blue eyes with gratitude. He was surprised to see the man smiling for real, not just at himself, as the smile reached all the way to his eyes and filling Dean with more desires he could never act on.
He leaned in so Castiel was eye to eye with him. “They’ll strip you down to just mindless feathers again. You must
Their limbs exhausted, getting Dean into his tiny bedroom is a struggle for a yeti and a large man with limited mobility and a damaged arm.
“You begin as a lowly crow tengu, almost mindless, a slave to your superior because you cannot be trusted. They’re endless days of relentless chores, meditation, and prayers. As you show repentance, you work your way up the ladder, until finally you are trusted enough to be given a task.”
Even worse, although he was a virgin, Gabriel and Lucifer had certainly
“Why?” Dean had the feeling he didn’t want to know.
He made coffee as he tried to keep it together (even when the coffee tin tipped over), and ran upstairs to take a shower because there was no way he was going to sleep until he knew where Cas was. He was used to the hot water running out mid-shampoo and didn't let it bother him.
But, now, Dean had retreated upstairs with Cas in tow, and showing no signs of coming back down.
The house looked to be a good size, at least two stories. Everything was made of wood and upholstered with leather, a good choice for cleaning up. It was all done in natural shades and it was quite pleasant, if a tad dull. Dean supposed that they wanted the women to choose the shades for their den.
Sam turned bright red, his entire face crimson, and although Bobby was a man of the world, that was something he had never wanted to hear from his foster son.
That night, Cas crawls into bed with him and feels Dean Winchester's soul leave his body. It’s painless- the shallow breaths slowly fading from his chest. Cas mumbles ‘I love you’ into his temple, and Dean grips onto his hand as he goes. Tears fall on the pillow.
Cas’s face was turning pale, but his eyes were still clear. Dean clung to the life in them as he unwillingly carved into newly human flesh. It didn’t even register to Dean until now that an angel wouldn’t be bleeding like this. Cas was human. How long had it been that way? Dean had no idea.
Bisexuality is the attraction to both men and women, most bisexuals are not strictly 50/50, in fact, the majority have a waxing and waning preference either way. Based on the canon we are given, Dean’s preference is women. His attraction to men, however, is not only a highly debated topic in the fandom but to some characters in the show as well. It would be unfair to cite the countless times Dean and Sam are mistaken as a couple because they are brothers and Wincest shippers are disgusting. Their reactions to being accused as such are notable and worthy of analysis. The first time this mistake happens is in season two episode eleven “playthings” when a hotel worker asks if they are “here antiquing because they look the type” and then assumes they will want a king-size bed. What’s notable isn’t her mistake, it’s the difference between Sam and Dean’s reactions to it. Sam politely tells her that they are brothers and is able to swiftly move on. Dean, however, stares at her as if she hit him in the face. It’s not a face of anger, more like a shocked one that remains there until he asks her (with a fear that is so awkward it feels out of character) “why they look the part.” Later in the room when clear Sam has moved on from the encounter, Dean brings it up again with “of course the most troubling question is why do these people assume we’re gay.” The way Dean slides it back into the conversation almost seems like he’s asking Sam for confirmation that they (or he) isn’t like that at all. This is similar to many closeted individuals’ experiences in an attempt to look as straight as possible. Why would a guy that’s comfortable in his heterosexuality ask so many concerned questions about coming across as gay? And when Sam gives him a funny look before joking that Dean “looks butch and they probably think [he’s] overcompensating.” Once again, Dean looks at the floor and shakes his head with a defeated “right,” almost like he’s accepted that he’s (once again) not doing something good enough.
“No one could ever write us” Dean smiled briefly, “You do too many stupid things to be predictable,” he cradled his angel between his arms, vaguely aware that the sounds of fighting had stopped.
Sam moved first and embraced Cas, “It’s good to see you,” he said with a sniffle.
Dean is standing there when he shows up, looking like he did the day they met. Cas feels the tears pooling in his eyes.
The show chalks this whole encounter up to be that Nick was actually playing the perfect little brother that Dean always wanted; but the sexual tension throughout the episode, flirting at the strip club, and inherent nature of the Siren as a whole makes it hard to not see the subtext that a male Siren for Dean means. The actor that played Nick in this episode did an interview on his experience. Here are some highlights worth discussing;
“Does it matter?”
Dean just huffed out a laugh, because Cas had changed so much since they had first met in that barn and he was so glad of it.
For just a moment, Dean felt hope blossom in his chest. If there was a spell that could help Jack kill Chuck, there was a chance they could win.
He was slipping, but he watched Dean’s face with soft joy, “Do you under-s-stand Dean.” he muttered, a filthy blood-smile slipping between his lips, “He didn’t write-”
He went out into the woods to cut down enough wood for the pyre before the light even cut through the trees and the dew was still settling on the grass. It was peaceful, being out there. It reminded him of his childhood when he would sneak out of their motel rooms just to watch the sunrise, rare moments dedicated just to him. He smiled mildly at the thought because Cas would’ve liked to have known that about him.
Cas was leaning on his right side as they limped through the familiar halls of the bunker. One of Cas’s hands was pressing into his wound and the other was slung over Dean’s shoulders. His breaths were shallow.
“Don’t need to find me, folks,” Dean smiled and splayed out his arms, “right here.”
So many years of bottling up his feelings. Not just for Cas, for everything. His crap life, how unfair it was. Mom, Sam, Charlie, hell even Crowley. He sobbed for each of them then like he should have before. The most righteous man, Micheal’s perfect vessel, Castiel’s human, broke like pottery under the stars in a random Kansas field.
“No-” Sam murmured from under his gag. It was strangled and desperate in a way that was so rare to him, heaviness fell over Dean at the weight of it.
Dean wipes the tear from his eye and chuckles, “angel, huh? Was worried you wouldn’t join me here.”
“Truly a shame,” she shook her head, looking satisfied, “But once again, a deal is a deal.”
“All of the sacrifices and saving and pining and devotion! I mean, Castiel, you abandoned
so much that when he finally realized he was, it was too late. Always too late. Hell, Cas's bloody handprint was still on his arm, nevermind that his hands were coated in browning clots.
“I think he always wanted that,” Sam raspily replied.
With a flick of the wrist, Dean was approaching Cas with the knife.
“For me to be happy.”
” Chuck wiped his face as if he had made a terribly funny joke, “Truly the love story of our century.” The smile morphed into a terrible grimace, “too bad you never even got to resolve it. Really a shame. Poor literary practice.”
“You burned my coat.”
On a Saturday night, when Cas is making them dinner in the kitchen, Dean shows up in the doorway. Cas doesn’t really know how he managed to do it, but he’s dressed in the tux from Sam’s wedding. In his hand is the mixtape from all those years ago.
Jack tensed up suddenly and looked at Dean with wide eyes, “Human?”
Dean pulled him closer and rested his forehead on the crown of Jack’s head. He didn’t know what to say because he didn’t want to lie. With a glance at his right, Dean saw Sam smiling softly at him. Dean was never one for affection, ever. He preferred to be affectionate with a case of beer and a stranger from the bar over someone he actually cared about. In this moment with Jack he still wanted the beer, but maybe being loved by people wasn’t as bad as he thought it was.
The depression side of his life is less about being sad or drinking (both of which he does frequently and in extreme excess) and more about his underlying suicidal tendencies throughout the series that even now in season 15 has not wavered. The copy of himself in his own dream tells him his life is worthless and he should just die. It’s not that Dean is an active suicide risk, he knows he’s too valuable to the world to just die, plus he would never go out without something like a bullet to himself. The loophole that Dean continues to use is “there’s a risk I could hurt Sam or end the world at all? I’ll take the responsibility immediately and make sure I die.” This loophole takes place in the following scenarios:
“Not my fault Metatron wasn’t a back to the future fan.”
Lucifer grinned and nodded, pulling him in closer and reaching for his tie.
, be a stinking little breeder, slicking and whining for a knot, and subservient to every alpha who crossed his path. He trained Dean to be a
“If you continue to lose luck at this rate… maybe two moons?”
In Heaven, each angel had a specific job given to them, whereas Castiel was given nothing for a long time. Everyone had already left the nest when he was gifted the fourth day of the week, and he had not been sure what he was supposed to do with it.
“Probably from the Cete Purges of 1975,” Bobby hummed under his breath.
Nothing happened.
Dean looked at the bowl of green and squinted at it. There appeared to a lot of cabbage and veggies, but no meat. There was even a giant dollop of what he suspected was sour cream. He pointed at it. “What is this?”
Castiel shook his staff and, again, it rang loudly, the rings rattling like bells. With a last
When Dean woke up, it was to Sam’s pathetic puppy-dog eyes and Bobby’s concerned blue-grays. They had dragged him to the couch while unconscious and his body felt stiff and not altogether his. He staggered as he tried to sit up, his abdomen not hurting anymore and he was delighted that he could breathe. Sam immediately put a hand to his back to help him sit up, but he slapped at Gigantor’s giant floppy hands.
Bobby stood with a low grunt of assent. “I’m gonna go load some salt rounds and see if I still have that
and he had
It was humiliating.
By some miracle, Cas pulled himself together and leaned back enough to look Dean in the eye, the scent of their mutual arousal spiraling around them. Cas’s pupils were blown, his Alpha so close to the surface, Dean could almost see his flesh rippling with the urge to change.
knot. Because god knew Dean had known plenty of knots in his life, but none of them were the one he
That made Dean nervous. Dean was well aware what was said about altar boys and priests, and he was having
Gabe, in his large fox form, had his ears back, his eyes were glowing yellow, and he had his lips pulled back in a disgusted grimace. “She’s feeding the spell souls,” he replied tightly. “That bitch is feeding the nue the human souls that were caught for her. That’s why there’s that small electrical discharge.”
He had to knock on the door a few times before a tired looking Joshua finally opened it, releasing a puff of warm air that felt good on Sam’s cold face.
Dean eyed the stubborn expressions on the men. Mentally, he asked,
She loved how the obariyon clamped onto unsuspecting humans and slowly ground them into paste with its weight on their backs.
Akira eyed him, not really buying it, but translated. “He said that he doesn’t think that Gabe is lying. Gabe really doesn’t know what’s going to happen. It was an emergency measure.” The bead interrupted and said some more stuff, causing Bobby and Akira to chuckle. Sam made a mental note to learn Japanese because this was some bullshit and his Latin and Greek weren’t helping him at all.
They answered correctly and concisely, and he asked, “Okay, then, why do you want to be altar boys?”
“I swear to GOD, Cas, I might not be able to get one in on Gabe, but I will smack you into Chinese New Year!”
Unsure of what they were precisely looking for, they followed the river, looking for signs of habitation or encampment.
The fact the dark-haired and blue-eyed man had that base-note rotting-meat Alpha-pong was enough to make Bobby want to poke him with his cane.
“Are you shitting me? You agreed that if there was no one there, you’d give up!”
Cas started hard, breaking his stare at Dean, and, with his beak clicking shut, he emitted an aura of extreme embarrassment. He shuffled back so he could see both hunters, and he muttered, “Uh, no. I’m fine, thank you.”
“What’s that even mean,” Bobby said, forkful of fried egg halfway to his mouth.
He had grown up with a grumpy, alcoholic alpha dad and the smell of leather in his nose. Like now, he had the windows open, Guns N Roses’ “Sweet Child of Mine” burning through his speakers, and his Baby purring underneath him. He was lucky he had been born with the second-level gene; he would have died
. I've never had anything close.”
She prayed this in a litany until she could feel the power building, reinforcing the containment spells, adding strength to her magic. By the time she felt it hit its peak, she was breathing hard and sweating profusely. She picked up her writing brush and, on the strips of prepared paper, she wrote her spells, one after another, until her powers were spent, and she could put down the brush.
Bobby eyed them and fingered the bag. It was a fine-cotton yellow sachet. “I see. Well, no helping for it, if the girl went belly up. I’ll send word to Masters with the tress and see if that cools his heels. Frankly, he’s a maggot of a man, so I’m not surprised his daughter ran away.”
“You okay there? Worried?” Benny snapped his fingers in front of Dean’s face, and he came back to himself.
one was on the short slope to oblivion. She just had to wait and he’d peter out like a gutted candle.
Sam frowned and asked, “Did you ask Gabe? He usually knows where Cas is?”
A/N 2: Orchid comes from “orkhis” (Greek) and means “testicle.” Who knew?
And then he realized he didn’t care. As long as she found her way again, it didn't matter. She would be okay.
There was some sort of audible action that Bobby could sense, but it still took more time than Bobby had the patience for the door to open.
cousins of the kappa), making sure this time they were enough of them to kill off the priests that the human hunters had brought in. She had also pulled several oni, a new kijo, an
