"Yeah. Here ya' go, Cas. Coffee's all ready. I'm gonna grab another hour then head out. See ya' later."
Cas, had walked her to her classroom and as she walked through she turned to look him up and down. He swore he heard her mutter something about maybe they would write this into the movies one day.
Charlie showed up after two cups of tea each along with several hours of studying. Dean loved that when they were both just reading, they ended up sitting next to each other on the bed. He loved feeling the heat from Cas up against his side, or when he would fidget around before gently laying his legs over Dean's to get closer. Dean never was a cuddly type person. He loved hugs, absolutely, but whenever he and Sammy would end up sitting together to watch t.v., Dean always wanted his own blanket, and space enough to stretch out without touching his nerdy little brother. These days he thinks he would have withdrawal symptoms if he didn't snug up with Cas at least once a day. Thanksgiving break was going to suck.
Cas couldn’t take his eyes off Dean’s cock as he held it steady to slide into Cas’ body. When he felt the first nudge to his rim he dropped his head back and let out a moan that would have made the Pizza man happy. Dean pushed in slow and steady until his balls were nestled against Cas’ ass.
The day before the talent show Dean was late to lunch. He was out of breath when he finally dropped down on the table bench next to Cas.
Cas whispered the last part in her ear. He had noticed the guy walking towards him with his eyes locked on him and not Charlie. The guy was looking at him as if he were prey. He didn't like it, not one little bit.
Dean loved his new friends. He loved living with his Uncle Bobby. He did not love sharing a room with his younger brother Sammy, but Bobby was working on clearing out the basement to make Dean his own room. He loved that Cas only lived about a mile away and left early every morning so he could walk to school with Dean and Sammy. The middle school was close to the high school so they always walked together. Most days after school Cas stayed to have a snack and the three of them would sit at the table and do their homework.
"Cas! I can see your thoughts spiraling. He came to apologize. He wants to take us out to breakfast to apologize. I think we should give him a second chance, but only if you agree."
“Oh, yes. Dean I need to feel you inside me. Your fingers feel amazing sliding in and out of my body. Your tongue, damn, feeling your tongue wiggle and push against my rim is better than just about anything I’ve ever felt. The best thing though, the best thing when we’re together is when I feel you first breach my rim with your cock. Please, Dean. Give it to me. Fuck me. Please.”
"Dean. No. The beauty of this situation is that it's good for both of us. Being able to sleep with you banishes the panic attacks I had at night. I would feel so alone at night and the panic would begin. I could convince myself that the world had ended and there was no one left but me. Of course, my brain would then decide that somehow my Uncle had survived and was going to come after me again. So, you help me immensely. Also, it does keep you from having your nightmare, yes?"
He continued to whisper ‘please’ over and over as he watched Dean get back up on his knees. His legs had fallen as soon as Dean had let them go, landing on either side of his lover. Cas rolled his hips trying to get Dean to move things along. He automatically reached to help Dean put a generous coat of lube on his cock.
Just as Cas was leaning in to tell this drunk that he was going to hurt him so severely that he would never be able to ejaculate again, Cas saw him. He saw Dean. He saw his Dean! Cas finished his threat in the guy's ear, shoving him away. He shook off Charlie by turning to tell her 'Dean!!', before he took off stumbling towards Dean. He saw the instance that Dean realized that Cas was moving towards him. Cas watched the tension leave Dean's shoulders and His smile bloomed on his face. The smile that was only for Cas. It was tender, it was sweet, it was sexy as hell, and it was all for him.
Cas tips his head back towards the ceiling, baring his throat and effectively hiding his face as he answers vaguely, “There’s been trouble in heaven.”
Dean loathes how they’re setting him up to say crap about Cas, like Dean would ever, “I know Cas, alright? He’s here to find love, for sure.”
First, they must send Dean’s double over to the Twilight Realm so he can possess it with his soul and interact with the realm without getting trapped there, as Cas warns him humans cannot return if their souls in their entirety venture to the realm. They do this by opening up a temporary portal into the crepuscular Forest which involves smearing the hotel mirror with a sticky, greenish substance that Dean declines to ask the ingredients of before physically shoving the double through.
Dean’s drying off by the door, too far away to respond, because Dean wants to say, ‘Of course, stupid’ but listens instead for Garth’s reply, “Every season has a pair, but you’re up against Ed and Harry. Y’all are secretly my favorite, though.”
It could’ve been worse. That’s why Dean is skeptical. It was troublesome enough to get himself out of Hell, and he wasn’t locked in a cage with two royally pissed-off archangels. And his stent in Hell had put the apocalypse in motion so, yeah, whatever had brought Sam back couldn’t be good. Their luck didn’t work so well.
that they’re in–it’s not a proper river–has been mocking him for the past three hours. And on top of all that, they’re somehow in last place. The producers had decided that the first date should promote bonding between the contestants and Lisa, but also between the contestants themselves, which is why they were saddled up with one of their roommates in order to foment friendship.
Cas swallows, hand coming up to pull at the grime settling into his face before he responds, “I was forbade by my siblings in heaven, Dean. It wasn’t something I did lightly, I did it for you!”
Dean’s face slips into angry lines of skin as he remembers that the producers are pressuring him to talk about it, “You shouldn’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.”
“Ya see,” Micheal starts, and the edge of his grin creeps up higher, “I was gonna borrow a tie from Cas, ended up finding a weepy letter addressed to you, Dean.”
“It’s already over.” Dean says flatly. He doesn’t feel real anymore, and a weird complacency settles over him, “Cas is gonna leave tonight.”
Oh, sarcasm. From Cas it’s as deadpanned as the rest of his voice and that makes it unexpectedly sharp. Dean blushes, but laughs at his own over-eagerness, “That too, I guess. But we should still probably shake on it.”
They don’t speak much as they finish up their respective drinks before time is called. The taste-test is pretty informal, after Lisa tries all of the drinks they take turns trying their own creations. Dean is surprised to learn that his favorite is actually the sweet, frilly ‘White Rabbit’ made using coffee, even if Benny’s sugar-free version tastes better than his somehow. Cas drinks all of their ‘Magic Carpet Ride’ happily, telling Dean he prefers to not drink egg-whites, anyways, and smiling until Benny tells him that aquafaba is made using “bean juice”.
They both watch Benny wince, and silently acknowledge that no, they will not be using club soda instead. Dean is the next one to suggest something, “Beer?”
“To find Cassie!” Dean spits out in a sudden roar, probably waking up Cas’s neighbors. He regrets it immediately; he meant to never tell Cas about his past relationship.
“I can’t just watch him waste away, Cas!” Dean’s angst rockets his volume up a couple notches and he lets it, uncaring, “I can’t.”
Dean procures three beers, tucking one into Benny’s hand and saving the others for Cas and himself. Benny sits up a little so he can drink, looking a little more alive, and mutters, “Thanks.”
Dean graciously accepts, looking down at the first question on the quiz as he responds, “I dunno, Castiel… whatever-your-middle-name-is Novak.”
“What?” Dean stammers, already blushing at the perceived accusatory tone in Cas’s voice, as he scrambles up to his elbows so he can better see Cas’s face.
Benny surprises him: his expression turns sympathetic, soft at the edges without even a glimmer of surprise and he reaches out a hand to give Dean a stifling pat on the shoulder. Dean appreciates the fact that he doesn’t need an explanation as he answers, “Rough night?”
“You’re an asshole.” Dean mutters, but there’s nothing but affection behind it, “And Cas basically broke up with me, so I guess we’ll never know.”
The last seven contestants gather around the coffee table, with Benny, Cas, and Alfie sitting on the couch and Ketch, Micheal, Dean, and Ash sitting on the floor. They’re all stocked with drinks and a bag of potato chips is left opened and half-spilled so that everyone can partake, leaving greasy smudges on the cards as they get passed out.
At last, the man came into view. The lines on his face were deep and Dean recognized the haunted look in this man’s eyes. Hell, he’d seen it almost whenever he looked in the mirror. This was a man who seen too much and done too little. This was a man full of pain and regret with a broken body encased in a machine.
At this Luthor’s eye gave the slightest twitch of nervous energy. Sam would have to settle for that. For right now he had more important things he had to do, not the least was finding Kara to make sure she was ok. With one last intimating lean in towards Luthor, Sam turned on his heel and stalked off into the bowels of the ship.
Mia disappeared into a portal beside him. While the Green Arrow kept battling the creatures. “Oliver!” Barry cried reaching for his friend. He didn’t make it a step forward before he was gone too.
Cas stood in one fluid movement, his jaw clenched tight, "Dean, I need to speak with you." He titled his head to the back of the parking lot, and Barry and J'onn followed. He heard Dean's shoes crunching against the gravel and broken glass indicating that he was bringing up the rear. Cas didn't look behind him, if had he would had seen Dean take a duffle from one of his men and loop the strap across his chest, situating the bag so that one side remained concealed.
"Then what?" Dean yelled back, his face turning red rapidly, and he jumped to his feet, "To Hell with my Earth? So you get to save your home but mine gets to rot? How the hell is that fair?"
"The Dean I know wouldn't sacrifice he friends." Cas noted with sorrow how far his friend had fallen.
“So the Paragon of Courage is apparently afraid of yardwork.” Kara carefully picked her way across the positively run-down front gate of Wayne Manor.
Barry stepped away from J'onn, his nearly healed limbs at last able to hold him upright. He pulled his extrapolator out of his pocket and hooked it into his phone, "The antimatter wave just entered this Universe. We have minutes, if that."
"Hey." Castiel complained and reached for the bottle, taking his hands off the wheel in the process.
Cas simply nodded and took point while J’onn and Barry flanked him. The two heroes wore civilian clothes, a scarlet speedster costume would bring just a little too much attention as would the Martian’s armor. Vegetation had long since begun to retake the buildings and roads. Lining the sidewalks as far as the eye could see laid the burnt-out shells of cars.
"Dean," Cas narrowed his eyes at the hunter before holding two fingers to his forehead, "Allow me." The burns on Dean's hand disappeared.
Kara sighed and gazed out over the city she loved and protected, “Before my cousin and I came here no one had ever heard of Krypton. Now there’s,” a morose laugh bubbled in her chest, “Now there’s songs and celebrations and museums. Children all over the world are learning about my home in school. Krypton isn’t just a place it’s a spirit. And as long as we have hope,” she looked each brother and Castiel in the eyes, “As long as we hold on to the spirit of our homes, they will never die.”
"It can happen a number of ways," Cas explained, his gaze not leaving the road, "When I fell a few years ago my grace was cut out by another angel." That memory was still raw and the only way he got through speaking about it was to talk in an almost clinical, detached manner, "We can also remove our grace ourselves a be reborn as infant humans."
Author's Note: Thank you all so much for the support. As I was writing this next chapter it became over forty pages long. Woah! So as to not keep you all waiting so long I decided to split it up into two chapters. This chapter is very interpersonal relationship heavy and this was a lot of fun to write but boy am I tired. A lot more action is on the way soon. Please feel free to comment with any questions or comments. I love hearing from you. I will say a mild trigger warning for unhealthy coping mechanisms towards the middle of this chapter. With all that said I hope you enjoy!
Warmth spread through Cas’s chest as it did whenever one of the Winchester’s talked about him as part of their own family. Cas learned long ago that blood relations weren’t what really mattered. Sam was more a brother to Cas than any of the Angels in heaven ever were, “I will. Thank you, Sam. You take care of yourself as well.”
Now that she was finally able to Kara all but tackled her cousin in a hug and then Lois, of course with much more control over her strength than she'd used with her cousin and pulled them aside, "Thank Rao you're ok!"
Cas took a knee down next to Dean and gripped his shoulder, his hand wrapped around the very place he'd marked the human on his flight out of hell, "And if you are the Paragon we can't risk you."
"I'm nothing like you." And yet Cas had to admit there more than a few similarities between the two of them, no matter how much he hated it.
Lighting flashed, blinding the three, forcing them cover their eyes. When the light died down Lucifer was gone.
Nonplussed the Monitor explained, “I only learned of their existence recently after consulting the Book of Destiny.”
The early morning sky, usually a turning soft lavender or pale blue around this time of day was blood red. And far in the distance a white wave of light was racing across the flat Californian plains.
"Cause after a few years of this, I know. I started seeing symptoms about a half an hour ago. Wasn't gonna be long before he flipped. I didn't see the point in troubling a good man with bad news."
Kara came to a stop besides Dean, disgusted. “You mean trophies.” She threw bitingly over her shoulder.
Sam glanced at Dean with a ‘what the hell’ frown. Dean just shrugged. Both were completely clueless as to what on earth a “Book of Destiny” was. At least it didn’t sound near as threatening as the “Book of the Damned” they’d dealt with, but then again you never know.
“This,” Cas held his hands up, “is not who I am. This is a vessel. I am so different from you that to see me as I really am would kill most humans. I wasn’t always as I am now. I was a… warrior, a soldier.”
“I agree.” Dreamer nodded as they guided a group of disoriented café goers into a group waiting to be picked up, “Do you know if Alex was able to get Lena Luthor on board.”
"And we have no idea when the anti-matter wave will reach this universe," J'onn reminded them, "We must be quick."
Bruce, in his mechanical suit, lost his balance and fell backwards onto an old control panel. The spikes pierced the exposed parts of his back and electricity coursed in blue currents across his body.
“Woah tell it like it is,” Dean was pissed on Barry’s behalf, nothing said motivation like wishing a member of your team had died.
Ray firmly pressed the button with his thumb and turned his face away as if waiting for an explosion.
A woman in blue appeared standing in the center of the DEO logo. Agents burst into action, surrounding the stranger on all sides.
"I'm not stitching you up," Kate shoved a finger in Dean's face and tossed the gauze she'd had at the ready onto the cart.
Cas still felt hopelessly drained after that last blast but nodded none the less, “I can try.” He tried to ignore Dean’s glowering gaze that he felt burning into the back of his head. Only Dean really knew how weak he was currently. But at this point Dean should have accepted Cas’s self sacrificing habits. After all his Father knows how often he sacrificed himself for the Winchester’s.
Mia and Oliver let their arrows loose which shot through several demons. Upon contact the dark spirits flew apart in a cloud of dark ash.
"Dean." When the hunter still refused to acknowledge him, Cas raised his voice, "Dean why are you bringing us."
Sam and Dean jumped when Batwoman turned her fiery gaze on them, “I take it you already knew about that.”
The noise started out a barely audible groan. One dark shape flew past the upper level windows unnoticed. Then another. And another. The groans became wailing and the team took several steps back. Outside more and more flying creatures collected until all daylight was blocked out.
Kata nodded in agreement, “I'm fighting for a chance to make it right, and this fourth Paragon, my cousin Bruce on another Earth, finding him might help me get that chance.”
Barry handed over the device as well as an ear bud to J'onn and Cas, "Use these to stay in contact."
After his frankly disturbing encounter with the incendiary author Cas decided he wanted to find Dean… and Sam he added in an afterthought. But mostly Dean. After returning the child to his parents Cas walked around yet another bend in the long empty corridor. How big was this ship? He halted when a deep voice reverberated off the walls ominously.
“The Monitor said that Oliver died before his time. Mia needs her father. And I…” Sara licked her dry lips as a few tears made their way down her face. She brushed them away and wrapped her arms around her bent knees, “I’m not ready to let my friend go.”
Cas, as the only angel present and the sigil having been meant for angels in the first place, took the full brunt of the blast. He wavered on his feet as J'onn helped him up.
"And you hunt what? Deer?" Alex scoffed at him, not quite ready to forgive how they'd tried to stab her sister just yet.
“It’s not a matter of want.” Cas sat down on the torn and frayed couch in the corner of the room and leaned forward on his thighs, “You have to understand that I am an angel.”
Wearily she raised her head from her work, “Hi Sam,” a small smile pulling at her lips as he came into view.
“Sara said something about bringing Oliver back to life. As an unofficial expert on the matter I thought I’d lend a hand.” Sam answered. The last thing they needed was zombie running around in the midst of the crisis.
That didn’t hit Kara quite the way it was intended. Her face heated up and she clenched her fists, “That’s the problem! I threw in everything I had, and all those people still died. I wasn’t strong enough. I’ve lost two planets in my lifetime, and now. Its hard to see any hope going forward. All those Earth’s are still in danger.”
“Yeah and it was a real cake walk.” Dean’s voice dripped with sarcasm. Just thinking about the future that Zachariah had sent him to made him shudder. He especially felt sick at what had become of Sam and Cas. “I’ll go.” He volunteered, and Sam nodded with him. Dean rubbed a palm over his face, resigned to the fact that’d he would never truly escape Lucifer, Michael, or the hell they put his family through.
Cas gave a long suffering sigh, meeting Cas's questioning gaze before responding, "Of course. But what about them?"
“Live long a prosper my friend.” Dreamer grinned right back, and they moved onto help the next group.
"We failed too." Barry limped across the lab, his legs still sore from the beating he took from Lucifer, and he sat down heavily on one of Ray's stools, "Earth 14 was just wiped out by the anti-matter wave." Everyone present fell into stunned silence when they heard this. Even with knowing that the Anti-Monitor was destroying Earth after Earth it was still jarring every time it happened, "That Earth's Dean," At this Dean's head sapped up, but he remained silent while Barry continued to explain, "The Paragon of Freedom. Lucifer killed him."
Cas felt grief bubbling at the back of this throat, "He killed you, right in front of us." Right in front of me. Cas didn't say the last part out loud but Dean understood, his shaken expression matching Cas's.
The three said nothing as they hurriedly made their way into the center of the complex. At last the corridor opened up into a spacious yard that would have been beautiful in another time.
Dean finally tore his attention from his packing, "Because I need you to see." He clenched his fists and pointed a finger accusingly in Cas's direction, "I need you to see my brother, and yours."
“Don’t worry,” Kara said, her face dark and fierce. In a blue blur she was in her Supergirl costume, “I got you.”
“What are you?” Dean stumbled back in shock, hand going for his gun on the table immediately. For crying out loud he thought his prisoners had been tied up. He thought he had control of the situation, but it turns out he was far outmatched.
Harbinger stood in front of the main screen which played out in real time the destructive force tearing through space. "There's a wave of antimatter sweeping across this universe...destroying everything in its path.
“Can you do what you did before when you blew away the demons, but direct it into the tower’s power cells?” Ray held his palm out in an imitation of how Cas had smote the creatures.
Dreamer set her hands on her hips while surveying the work they had to do, “What we need to do is keep people calm. Brainy said that these earthquakes are going to get bigger and bigger the closer the wave gets to Earth.”
“There’s only so many of us and we need to find the Paragon of Freedom.” She tried to reason with him, but it didn’t seem to make any difference.
Sam had to admit he felt more than a little touched at how quickly the Kryptonian had jumped to Dean’s defense. In the short time she’d known them she was fast becoming a friend. The only other individual who’d ever wormed their way into the Winchesters’ hearts this fast was a spunky little red head nerd. Sam’s heart gave a pang at Charlie’s memory and could only hope the same fate didn’t befall any of their new team members. Especially Kara, Sam’s brain tacked on.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Constantine pulled the cigarettes out of his mouth, holding two in each hand, “Simmer down, speedy, “ He said with an air of hoityness, talking as a teacher would to a very very small child. “This is the spell.”
“Dean.” Cas yelled in concern and went to the Dean, instinct calling for him to wrap his arms around the hunter and ease his suffering.
Cas agreed, “It’s not just the Earths that are being erased, reality itself is disintegrating. You can’t just fly into space.”
"Its happening just like on Earth-38" Barry shouted into his comms while zooming all across the town, scooping up any humans he found hiding and ushering them through the portal, "The planet is going to become more unstable the closer the wave gets."
"There's nothing more we can do," J'onn tugged on his arm. The light wave washed over the hills in the distance, blowing apart buildings, trees and everything else in its path.
Cas shut his eyes tight when he saw that look on Dean's face. He couldn't take it, didn't deserve it. How? He'd done nothing but fail. It'd been the Winchester's who'd saved the world, and the few times that he hadn't messed up he'd only helped. Right? How could he be the Paragon of anything. He broke everything he touched.
Now Barry understood why the Monitor had chosen the Winchesters. Besides their combat skills they’d been all but unassuming. No superpowers or special training like Oliver or Sara. Just ordinary humans. Sure, Barry had fought supervillains and the like, but these guys had gone up against the actual Devil… and won!
“We are well and truly Bolloxed.” The brit said with wide eyes, “So many Earths already gone, and more vanishing as we speak,” Constantine pinched his brows even tighter in concentration. “Resurecte incursus diabolica.” The glowing galaxies hovering in between Constantine’s hands glowed brighter.
"Croats." Dean repeated. At Barry and J'onn's uncomprehending expressions Dean continued, "Croatoans. One of them infected Yeager." Dean said, irritated that he had to explain any of this and have his decisions questioned.
"Dean." Sam's hand clamped down on his shoulder and forcibly whirled him around to look out the front window.
Barry nodded and flexed his legs. He was still sore from the rapid healing and his muscles ached, but it would have to do. He sped off into the sanitorium.
"That's just an excuse," Cas warily circled the man in white, "I know you brother. You always wanted more. You've always craved violence."
“This is the end,” Dean leaned over his knees, a wave of nausea sweeping over him, “This is the end. None of it, nothing…” Dean fell back on his rear, “All of this, everything we’ve done. Everyone I’ve lost. It was for nothing.”
The Monitor drew himself up, barely any emotion showing on his fathomless face, “If only it could. While Oliver Queen was to die in this Crisis, this is not how I saw events unfold, but as the Anti-Monitor gets stronger, I grow weaker. We must find all 8 Paragons.”
Only Cas knew precisely what they were dealing with, having seen these twisted and malformed faces every time he looked at Meg or Crowley, and for a short time; he shuddered at the memory; Dean. These were the true form of demons. Normally outside of vessels demons couldn’t cause harm to the physical plane. He doubted that would be the case in this fight.
“Buddy I don’t know what’s in the Kool-Aid you’re drinking in 2019 but I ain’t no hero.” Dean brushed himself off and stood, shrugging the angel’s grip off quite unkindly when Cas tried to help. Cas’s face crumpled and he simply let his hand drop to his side.
Kara nodded and covered his hand with her own, “Of course. What about you?” Kara asked, brows furrowed.
“You know me but I don’t know you little lady,” He sauntered up to her and outstretched his hand to drag and lone finger down her cheek, “Well I'm ah, sure we can come to an arrangement.”
"Did you do this?" Kara stalked forward, her eyes beginning to burn in the first stages of a heat vision blast, "Did you destroy Argo!?"
“Its not a ‘code name’” Cas said, one hand making little air quotes while keeping a hold of baby John. “I’m an angel of the Lord.” Usually the angel bit would make the most formidable demons quake in their shoes. This Mick merely kept chomping on his hamburger. The lack of reaction irked Cas more than a little, “Why are you called Heatwave?” he said in a challenge.
“Oh, hey.” Sara had abandoned the glass for the whole bottle of whisky by this point and raised it in greeting, “Welcome to the joy zone. Where's Dig?”
Cas, for his part, watched Dean rev up his pickup and tear out of the encampment, a hollow feeling settling in his stomach. He didn't know how they were going to get Dean to help them. He didn't know if the colt was going to work. He just didn't know.
Dean tried to brush past Cas only to be stopped by the angel's strong grip." You're letting them, letting your Cas die."
With a swipe of his hand Constantine disassembled the galactic illusion, put out by how the speedster so easily disregarded his magical craftsmanship, “Perhaps a thank you and a little well-earned awe for a magical job well done, eh?”
“I never said I liked the bloke,” Constantine interjected while fiddling with his cigarette box. One murderous look from his Captain as well as an Angel who looked ready to smite him had Constantine wishing he’d stayed back in hell last year.
Dean let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding, "Is it doing anything?" The second the question left his lips a piercing ring emanated from the screen and a bright light hovered just above the Earth's surface on the screen.
Facing them was the Monitor and a small, lanky man in a crisp grey suit. However, something in the man’s off-putting tone and his steely eyes had Sam on high alert. Instinctively he was reaching for his gun he kept tucked in his pants.
“How about I thank you when you bring my dad back?” Mia threw back, her fists clenched and her stance in that perpetually ready to throw down state it’d been in ever since Star Lab’s infirmary. Ever since her father died.
“An Earthquake that magnitude could overwhelm the entire coast.” Ray worried, he pulled up a holographic display of the US and red quake epicenters spread out all along the western side of the country.
A ship, all smooth lines and sleek white metal the size of several of the city’s biggest skyscrapers hovered and came to a stop overhead.
The torches set up around the pit set the shadows flickering around the four into sharp contrast. They carefully lifted Oliver’s body on a makeshift stretcher. Each held on tight to a rope attached at each corner and they lowered him into the pool, taking great care not to get any water on themselves.
Sara had to restrain herself from rolling her eyes and waved her hand at the pool, “Just put him in.”
"It can't be," Cas breathed out, hand reaching to brush over the gun but a sharp glare from Dean stopped him. Dean's distrust hurt Cas more than he cared to admit but he schooled his features, the red burn across his cheeks was the only indication that he felt anything in that moment. This wasn't his Dean, he had to remember that. "Where was it?" Cas asked.
The silence in the cabin was thick. Cas still had the bottle he took from Castiel and he spared and second to pull it out of his pocket and read the label, "Amphetamines?"
“Eww,” Sara curled her lips back and shook herself, “Yeah I never get used his him doing shit like that.”
Sam scoped out the position they were in while he and Sara worked to clear out the pit. One the far side of the cavernous enclosure they were in was a dark tunnel with an old time mining cart over turned. Whoever had been in here last had left in a hurry. The tunnel continued onwards into the darkness and the fact that he couldn’t see all the way down into the mine sent shivers down Sam’s spine. Not only were their backs were pretty much exposed, so were their fronts as the entrance to the outside was unable to be seen from their vantage point. Anybody could come in and none of them would be aware until the intruder was right atop them. This wasn’t a position Sam enjoyed at all. Made all the more nerve wracking given what they planned to do here. “So how does this pit work exactly?” Sam nudged some debris with his foot.
Cas suddenly stopped dead in his tracks. “Oh no.” He moaned, the sight before him hit harder than he thought it would.
"Do it," Cas pressed the extrapolator and activated the portal to Earth-1, "We have to make sure no Croats make it though with them." Pressing a finger to his ear he called dover the Com's, "Barry."
J’onn opened his mouth and then closed it, “I think you should just come and see.” He led them inside the tent he’d come from. “When I touched their minds and realized who they were I brought them all here.”
“Well my other name for you isn’t so polite.” Dean dodged a flying hostile and when he came up he and Oliver were back to back.
“You’re welcome. Come on,” Dean unholstered his gun, “We need to get Kate and get out of here. Can you see her?”
“Just give it some time.” Sara waved her hand at Mia, gesturing for her to stay put. Then to Sam and Constantine, “When he comes out we have to restrain him as fast as possible. Understood?” She inclined her head at the hunter.
Then Dean’s survey made it to the top shelf. There sitting in a place of obvious pride and honor were a pair of broken and familiar glasses, “Kara.” Dean said stiffy, grabbing her arm.
"We could use that weapon against the Anti-Monitor and put an end to this whole crisis." J'onn said.
“I know you will,” Dean had thought that he would never have to revisit the painful memory of the future that never was. Like so much in his life the past came back to bite, “Just be careful.”
Meanwhile Kara socialized with the young girls. Alex in particular reminded Kara of her sister, Alex. In fact there was a lot she and her sister had in common with Alex and Claire. Like Kara, Claire had been adopted into this family after losing her parents to cosmic forces outside her control. And just like her sister, Alex had to find room in her life for a sister that had been thrust without warning into her life.
“All things considered it led you here so I’m not complaining too much,” Kara smiled softly up at him.
“It wasn’t so different from growing up on Earth, honestly. Except of course for the red sun. Oh when the light would hit the jewel mountains it would set the whole city ablaze in glittering light,” As Kara spoke she was faraway, the memory a happy one. “My mother would gather me up in blankets and we’d just sit and look out my bedroom window. She said Rao, our god, had placed the mountains there as reminder that long before we were born and long after we are gone they will still be standing. They were a reminder that no matter how bad we though it could get they would always be there to lean on when things got hard.”
Bruce slid open a compartment on his suit’s gauntlet, a glowing kryptonite stone inside, “A little souvenir from the old home town.” He snarled at Kate, who was crouched by Kara and Dean, “The Kate I knew didn't trust anyone, let alone a Kryptonian.”
“Wait!” Dean’s eye bugged out of his head, “You’re saying that there are little green men up there too.” Dean pointed sky ward.
Machine gun fire cracked in the air above them. The three snapped their heads upwards and through the frosted third story windows they saw muzzle fire light up the interior, followed by screams and multiple sets of feet running across glass and rubble.
Dean shifted, clearly uncomfortable being called such and renewed his efforts to get his brother's attention.
The man in the trench coat tilted his head to the side, confused but still wary of the strangers around him, "You speak with rabbits? I did not know they had the capability of speech." He squinted his eyes at Harbinger.
"Your machine works just fine." The Monitor beamed at Ray, in fact it was probably the closest thing to a smile anybody had seen on the being's face, "That light is the Paragon of Courage and the Paragon of Freedom."
"And you took one look at Dean and thought they were all good." Lucifer callously walked over Dean's body to stand a mere foot away from Cas. It took all of Cas's will power not to flee at that very moment.
“He sacrificed himself for me and Barry,” Kara said bitterly, guilt settling painfully in her stomach, “Shouldn't have done that.”
Maybe he’d been about to say something years ago in that damn crypt while Cas beat him senseless and Dean tried to break through to his closest friend. Maybe he’d been about to say something but all that had came out was ‘I need you’. Then Cas had fled with the angel tablet. Then there’d been Abaddon and then Mark of Cain, then the Darkness and one holy hell of a mess after another after another. Nothing had ever come of it. That was probably for the best.
Sam saved Constantine from eating the dirt only at the last second and heaved the man up. “You good?” Sam steadied him as he swayed.
"Now I finally have it, and tonight" Setting the gun down Dean pierced the three with his unwavering gaze. The three couldn't help but shiver at the deadly gleam in the hunter's eyes, "tonight I'm gonna kill the Devil."
“You don’t just get to come in here with your heavenly shit and speak to me like the real Cas didn’t just give up.” Dean hefted his gun onto the table beside him and all three of the visitors breathed a sigh of relief.
"Really!?" Kara stormed into the lab, supporting Dean's weight and guided the injured hunter over to a rolling chair before turning back to the Monitor, "How many more people did he hurt to do that? You think you're a good guy, but you're not." She spat.
"Ok stop!" Dean suddenly shouted, drawing the attention of a few of his men. He raised his hand, showing them that he was in no need of assistance. Then to the three visitors, "Take a look around you," he said quietly, adjusting the duffle bag around his body, "This place should be white-hot with Croats. Where are they?"
Running to the bookshelf Kara pointed out when they first entered the room, he proceeded to fling every book to the floor.
“Hey that’s mine,” Castiel pouted and grabbed for the glass only to fall off balance into J’onn who caught him around the waist. Castiel popped back up from his lopsided position and sauntered to the other side of the cabin like he hadn’t just about fallen on his face, “Dean’s on a “super secret super special” mission,” He said around air quotes.
Cas clenched his jaw and shoved those feelings deep down inside his chest and stomped down to the muddy ground.
The world snapped to normal speed. People ducked for cover from gun fire that was no longer there. The man stumbled backwards, a hand going to his forehead where the bullet had been on a path to lodge itself into. The shockingly loud boom of Dean hand gun still echoed around the clearing, bouncing off the trees. Several gasps fell from onlookers' lips and then everything went silent. The bullet fell out of Barry's palm to bounce harmlessly upon the ground.
Castiel did as he was told. The cars behind them honked their horns as they passed by. Cas got out and made his way to the driver's side while Castiel scooted awkwardly across the middle consul and dropped himself into the passenger's seat.
Cas reached for Dean but he was too slow. Dean spun around his duffel bag and cut open his palm. The three had just a second to register that a sigil had been painted across the bag's fabric before Dean slammed his palm down and searing light and sound rendered them unconscious.
Lucifer took a step towards Cas and the younger angel flinched back. Lucifer's face softened, a mockery of concern for his sibling, "You remember how I fell from grace?"
Thunder boomed so loud it rattled the remaining glass in the shattered windows. Clouds rolled angrily and red swept across the sky chasing away the gloomy grey.
Luthor’s lips turned up as he took in Sam’s beat-up jeans and worn red flannel, clearly unimpressed, “I’m sorry. You are?”
"How many times is that gonna come up?" Dean groaned quietly to himself, or at least he thought he'd been quiet. Kara and Clark looked at him funny and Dean realized, of course, super hearing.
"Wow." Barry smirked, glad to see someone was as pissed off as he was with the hunter, "Kinda wish I did that." He whispered to Cas.
“So, in this way. We're each a fragment of total perception” Cas recognized his own gravely voice, although this one had a strange off-kilter lit to the way it said it words, “just, uh, one compartment in that dragonfly eye of group mind. Now, the key to this total, shared perception. It's, um, it's surprisingly physical.”
“The pit can heal any injury, but when a person who is already dead is placed in its waters it only brings the body to life. Who that person was, their soul. That stays gone. I don’t remember much from right after I came back, before Oliver rescued my soul. All I felt was empty.”
Sam acknowledged the brit with a nod and tensed for Oliver’s body to make another go at them. But it never came.
The last person to enter the cabin was a woman with her dark hair pulled up into a loose pony-tail. At the sight of her Dean's face fell into a lopsided grin that Cas knew all to well. Dean's expression was promptly shattered, both literally and figuratively when she stalked right across the room and pounded a fist into Dean's face. Dean's face snapped to the side, a hand clutching his reddening cheekbone. The fact that this woman had decked her superior hardly garnered a reaction from those gathered.
“I would never punch you.” Cas said with his head tilted adorably to the side, seemingly aghast as the suggestion. Cas was the picture of pure innocence.
“Yeah it is.” Dean confirmed, bouncing on the balls of his feet, “And not just some cosplayer, she’s the real deal.”
“Oliver!” Barry was at his side instantly, and despite lacking superspeed Mia was only seconds behind the speedster. Kara slowly came to stand on the other side of the cot and at its foot the hunters watched.
“No,” Sam shook his head, “Now the world we’ve died for is gone and I don’t know what to do except to keep going. Keep fighting for the change to make it right.”
Dean took a worn and scarred hand and unwrapped the object with near reverence, "This is what my mission was all for. What all of this…" Gesturing at the decaying building around them, "was for."
Even in a broken and old body the Dark Knight was as fast as ever. In a rotary motion Bruce logged a batarang in Dean’s arm just under where Cas’s scar used to be.
"This is ACDC. I thought I taught you better than that." Dean griped but couldn't help but smile fondly on his music and pop culture pupil and Cas smiled back.
Another plowed right into Dean, disarming him of his knife and in the same motion knocked Cas off his feet.
“If you would,” The voice spoke again, “The Monitor has arrived and is asking everyone to meet him on the bridge.”
Kara, who’d saved hundreds. Kara, who Sam saw give hope to refugees when she herself felt lost. Kara, who mere hours after her mother’s death she was trying to comfort his family, stalked forward. Her eyes blazed with a blast that at this close a range could and probably would prove fatal to the man before them.
An Emergency News Bulletin flashed over every screen and phone in National City. Sam stopped and looked upwards, like everyone else in the streets, and he saw a young woman in a mask addressing the masses. “There's no need for panic. Supergirl and Superman are working hard to save this planet. Soon, alien ships will begin circling the globe, picking people up and taking you to safety.”
"Of course it did." Lucifer said. Cas had expected him to rage, to fight and scream, but he only seemed resigned. "Whatever we do, we will always end up here. Whatever choices we make, whatever details we alter, we will always end up—here. At the end of it all."
The brothers’ heads shot up and they both froze. A blonde woman was running with arms outstretched. In an instant she had them pressed close to her chest.
“He brought me back. If anybody can do it, its him.” But Sara’s reassurance did little to ease Sam’s mind.
"I can sense people still in the city." J'onn reported, his gaze looking far into the distance at the ruins of the small city.
Alex’s voice came over their comms accompanied with the skies outside growing dark and returning to the menacing red hue from before, “They're on the roof.”
The sound of a gun cocking stopped the three in their tracks. The man who greeted them stood in the hallway aiming a handgun right at Kate’s forehead. Kara stepped in front of Kate and Dean.
“Yeah, but it’s not my Alpha. I smell cupcakes and brown sugar, not cherry pie and leather.” He could hear the disappointment in his voice but he couldn’t help it.
"No. I want to be perfectly clear that it does not bother me in the slightest if people think that we are together."
“And while you know I love it when you beg, I'm still not gonna rush. Need to get at least three in and comfortable before you’re ready for my cock. Now, I do love your begging, so ….”
“My Alpha has been to this store, but not for a day or so. I asked the girl at the checkout, but she says she always smells cherry pie since her other job is in a bakery. My omega says that we’re close. Let's just walk around a bit, yeah?”
Twenty minutes later Dean was hot, out of beer, and just about out of patience. They had walked all around the living room but with all these people it was impossible to find them.
He gave Sam a version of his own bitch face for laughing at Dean calling him Sugar. Sam was their biggest supporter when they began their relationship, but he liked to tease his brother about how affectionate he was. Luckily, Dean took the teasing in stride because Cas loved all the kisses, hugs, and even snuggles in diner booths.
There was no way Dean was letting Cas out of his arms now that he had him there. Sure, he had held him while they slept, but this was different. This was a public declaration that this gorgeous creature was his Angel. Many people assumed that they were together. Cas running into his arms, wrapping his legs around him, calling him 'Honey', yeah, that was definitely a sign to everyone that they belong together. So yeah, he wasn't letting go.
“Thank you, Dean. I am hungry, just tired,” he said while stuffing fries in his mouth. He had adopted the manners of his boyfriend when he was tired.
Cas began doing some breathing exercises that Miss Donna had taught him. He ever grateful for Missouri recommending her. He had been in therapy when he was younger but when he started kindergarden his parents decided that school and Jody were enough to help him. Jody didn't agree but there were somethings his parents were stubborn about.
He walked towards Sam laughing. When his brother raised an eyebrow at him in a question, he just shook his head.
Dean looked back up, he couldn't look anywhere but at the stage as he was singing, to see that Cas was gone. He wasn't in his seat. It didn't matter that every person in the auditorium was on their feet applauding for him. It didn't matter since Cas was gone.
Cas had to admit he was kind of enjoying wearing the skirt. When he moved it would flare out a bit and make his legs look amazing. He would just have to be careful that he didn't flash everything walking around the party. He heard Charlie rummaging through her pile of shopping bags, looking for whatever he was supposed to wear. How she found anything in her room was beyond him. Her desk was pristine. She would smack anyone that dared touch anything on there, and she could hit hard. The rest of her room looked like a tornado took up residence and never left.
Just as he knelt down to start undoing the many straps on Cas's boots, the boy sat straight up, looked at Dean with wide eyes, and the proceeded to vomit all over the floor between them.
"Thanks. I miss her every day of my life but last night was worse than ever. I just didn't want to be alone, I wanted to stop hurting for just a bit, ya' know? Don't get me wrong, you are a good looking man, I probably would have asked you out for coffee if we hadn't met at a party where I was drunk outta my head."
“Thanks, brother. I kinda got lost in my head, ya know, remembering the crap Dad likes to spout once he gets in his bottles.”
"It was alright, Bobby. I only have two classes with Dean along with lunch. No classes with Kevin, or Charlie, but four with Benny. Which is a blessing since in two of those Azazel is in there."
Dean had been thinking about a shower to get rid of the make-up and the smell of beer. Now, after realizing he was going to have to this, he was looking forward to a nice long, shower.
"Yeah. He said it made him feel better but what if he's just doing it to take care of me? How's that fair to him?"
"Dean, honey! The tea, it made me feel fuzzy, and woozy, and it made me dance! I want to dance with you, can we dance? Not here, though. Dean, the tea.... The tea was mean to me, will you talk to it for me?"
As soon as the last drop fell from his cock, Dean pushed up on his hands and hefted one of Cas’ legs up around his waist and began pounding into Cas, chasing his own orgasm.
Dean stood straight waiting to hear what Cas's reasons for letting him down would be. He just hoped he could salvage their friendship. He heard Cas take a deep breath before wrapping his arms around his neck, flashing him 'his' smile with tears still in his eyes.
Not only did his boyfriend have an amazing body, he definitely knew how to use it, for work and for pleasure. Cas has had moments when he felt (what Sam had explained as) jealousy at all the past sexual partners Dean has had, but Dean assured him of his desire and love.
He jumped on the table again to make sure that Cas was still in the same spot when he saw something that made him see red! The drunk guy from the kitchen was all up on Cas! Cas was pushing him back slowing shaking his head no. He was gonna deck this Benny dude!
"What's the face for? You want a different blend? I thought we should try this since we just got it."
"Nope. Already found her about 2 years ago, then she died. So, I'm just looking to have some fun, play around, and working at the campus seemed like a good place to do that. Come on, let me show you something upstairs."
Dean suffered through the hug that Garth insisted on giving all his "ducks" as he called the people in his dorm. He was always saying he was trying to keep his lil ducks in a row. Dude was weird. Nice, but weird.
When the music started, Dean set his phone back on the table and with his eyes closed, began to sway to the beat of one of his favorite Led Zepplin songs. Cas had learned a lot about music from Dean over the years they were friends and comrades in arms. Now that they were a couple, Dean had been sharing his love of rock ballads, too, and they had both come to enjoy them while they were intimate.
They watched as Azazel ran off stage with fire in his eyes. He spotted Sam and started towards him. Dean stepped out of the shadows to step in front of his brother causing Azazel to stop and go around them. The bully was now afraid of him and Cas without them ever touching him. Odd, but Dean had other things to think about.
“Thank you, doll. So, I think we need to split up to drive back to the bunker. I am too old and beat up to drive twenty plus hours anymore.”
"Yes. We all believed him and apologized for thinking you were trying to just make us worry less about you, but I saw more than that, Dean."
“Now, wait a minute. I never said that and I’m sorry if I implied that. He is terribly shy and he has bad anxiety. He came home because he smelled you just a block or so away, and made me come meet you first. He wants me to tell you about him, to give you a chance to leave if you want. So, can I tell you what he wants you to know, so you can go get him?”
Dean took off at a jog to his future, as he heard his brother telling Gabe he could stay with him for a few days. He was glad to hear the offer to his future brother-in-law, but all he could think about was getting to his Alpha.
Dean opened the bottle of lube he had held in his hand and poured out a bit in his palm. He let it warm a moment before he wrapped it around the base of his cock. He had been hard since he had seen what Cas was doing, and it felt so good to finally touch himself.
Cas trailed off thinking of the last month that had been both Heaven and Hell. He and Dean had become the best of friends. There wasn't much they didn't tell each other or many times that they had even been separated since they had moved into their dorm room.
He scooted his ass to the edge of the chair so Cas could see his balls heavy with need, and get a glimpse of his hole. One thing that Cas loved more than anything, other than getting fucked deep and slow, was rimming Dean. They hadn’t been able to be together for a few days on this hunt and Dean was more than ready to get off, but first his Angel needed a little torture...uh, visual stimulation.
"You are so beautiful, Darlin'. I have so much I need to say to you. I....I think you need to be sober for this confession though. So, come one. Let's go to bed"
"Well, there's a guy downstairs who says he owes you an apology but seeing as how he didn't know which room you were in, I figured I should have you come down and talk to him. O.k.?"
"Umm. Listen Cas, my roommate, and I both have a lot of social anxiety. He really wouldn't do well with me just showing up with you. I'll go get him and we can go. He's a great guy, just... it's just better if he meets you down here first. Alright?"
"I'm not gonna tell. You guys agreed to let me pick, yes, I know you can finally veto, but I swear you will like them. They kinda go together, like you and Dean. Oh, one thing. Do you have a problem doing Fem?"
Sam had called and had woken him from his nap. He said he was starved and he wanted Dean to come get him, so they could go get a burger and beer before they had to say good-bye over breakfast tomorrow. Dean blinked back the quickly formed tears at the thought of being separated from the young alpha. If he was honest with himself (which he was, he just kept his truths private, thank you very much), Sammy wasn’t just his younger brother. Dean had raised him from the time they were both young pups, so he was like Dean’s first born.
Dean continued to worm his way through people dancing, getting bumped and spun around time and time again. After what seemed like eternity, there was a break in the sea of bodies Dean realized he had been turned around so much he was back where he started. Son of a bitch!
"What? Nah, Bobby. I'm sure he's smart enough to sleep in. He said something about working some hours at the library this summer."
Dean grabbed his coffee along with Cas's tea before climbing back in their bed. Picking up the t.v. remote he glanced at Cas.
"Um...just to make sure. You know that since we're going to be dressed as a couple people will assume that we are there together."
"I have a question or two for you Charlie, and I know you aren't going to be around after our classes."
"He has a skype session with Missouri today that was rescheduled from yesterday. He will text me when he's done so we can grab the pizza and go back."
Sure enough when he got downstairs he saw Benny sitting on the couch. He stood up when he spotted Dean walking towards him.
They met in Freshman gym class. Dean was nervous, being the new guy in school. Everyone else had gone to school together for years so he was definitely getting some looks. Since he wasn't able to get his class schedule til this morning he hadn't known his first class of the day was gym and he didn't have the proper clothing so he was just told to sit on the bleachers for today but to have his gym shorts for tomorrow.
"Cas, you're gonna be late if you don't get up. Remember our deal? If you get up without hitting the snooze button a million times, I'll make your coffee while you're in the shower."
Dean was sitting there with his head down as if looking at his shoes but he was really sneaking glances at the others shooting baskets. He was trying to figure out which ones looked like they would be cool. It was easy to see which guys were the ones to avoid. He wasn't afraid of bullies but that didn't mean he was looking for trouble.
“I’m staying with him right now. My baby brother is taking care of his dumb, older, omega brother. I will find a motel or something for a few days and let you two get ‘acquainted’ so to speak. Yeah, anyhow, he’s staying here close to school, so I have somewhere ‘safe’ to stay while I finish school.”
Dean kicked at him while Sam just laughed his head off. Once he had learned how Dean felt about Cas he loved to tease him about it. He never did it around Cas for which Dean was very thankful. His brother could be a pain in his ass but he always had his back. They were closer than a lot of siblings were since they had lost their parents.
He was losing his damn mind. Dean always hit his prostate when they were together this way, but this time he was barely moving in and out of Cas. He was grinding his hips hard enough to keep his large, velvety head continually rubbing on his ‘hot spot’. Fuck.
There was nothing small about Cas which Dean knew especially since Cas was still pushed up against him. When he stretched he did it with his whole body, he would undulate from his head to his toes. Dean would stealthily watch the muscles shiver as the stretch was released. Cas's biceps were gorgeous, not body builder big but big like he did push-ups every night before bed. His abs were firm, not rock hard non-attractive way, but firm with just a bit of softness that Dean thought was beautiful. Cas's legs. Damn he loved Cas's legs. They were sculpted muscle from where he jogged every other day. So, yeah, Cas was trying to kill him.
After a few blocks, Dean’s nose led him to turn east on a nice little street that had single family homes with large trees. It was so peaceful, that he almost didn’t realize that the scent was not dissipating. It was concentrated here! His Alpha was so close. He stopped and turned in a circle while his omega whined.
Cas was looking into the full-length mirror at his backside and how most of it wanted to peek out of the skirt.
"Alright, look here Dean. Do you remember the discussion we had years ago about your parents taking you at your word that you were fine and trying not to let their own worries affect how they reacted to you?"
Dean couldn’t stop the tear from forming and falling at the thought that his Alpha would reject him.
He felt the fire shift in his veins, the whooshing sensation in his lower belly, and his balls pull up tight just before he shot his load. He could feel his body clench down on Dean as his come splashed over their bodies. Cas had never come without any stimulation of his cock and he had no idea it could be this intense.
“How are you so hopeful?” Sam looked at the kryptonian in a new light, “You’ve lost almost as much as we have today.”
With a sweep of his hand the Monitor summoned a book made of pure light. Whispers emanated from the thick pages in a language none aboard understood except the Monitor. “After Oliver's early demise, I went back into the time stream and retrieved it intact. It is now safely stored in this ship's library.”
Seeing that J’onn had broken out Barry figured there was no point in staying tied up anymore. He vibrated his arms and legs until the cuffs clanged to the floor. In a flash that Barry was by Cas’s side. Dean flinched at the lighting that suddenly filled the cabin.
The second Dean’s feet touched the ground he ran for a trash can, emptying the contents of his stomach. Cas stood by his side and sympathetically patted his back. Once his stomach finished attempting to vacate his body Dean righted himself and wiped a disgusted hand across his mouth, “Man I thought that would be easier than planes. Its worse.”
The six or seven women got to their feet and headed out, arms brushing over the seated Castiel as they passed him by. He gripped a few of their fingers before letting them go, “You're all so beautiful.”
“Yeah.” Dean spits quickly, past the sweat that sticks to his lips, so Cas doesn’t do something stupid like give thanks.
“Don’t be sorry.’ Dean spits, more acrid than cigarette smoke or engine exhaust, but the sentiment is lost as soon as it’s found when Dean bubbles over with the real necessity of the hour, the shaking going into his fingertips, “Just do something. Please. Fix it.”
This is psychological warfare, Dean thinks. Cas’s wink was, to what? Throw him off? Make him forget that the last spade came up, Cas has the flush, and surrender to Cas’s huge raise? Dean’s sweating under the other contestants' fixed stares, and Cas has returned his face to an emotionless slate, offering him no comfort.
“What are you sneaking around for?” Bobby asked, his skepticism serving him well as he eyed the bad of dried flowers.
“No, I…” Cas begins to explain, then stops, switching tracks and adopting a determined expression, tipping his chin a fraction so that his face is cast deeper into the shadows of night as he orders, “Take me to him.”
Cas and Dean get into their first TV drama moment together, as true friends do, by running their mouths about the other contestants after their group date. Cas didn’t get selected, so Dean is filling him in on their adventures in horse-back riding. Dean had a nice moment helping Lisa put her helmet on and was an absolute pro at riding after watching so many Old Westerns. He only yelped once whenever the beast took off, digging his fingers into its mane and holding on for dear life.
Cas looks at Dean like he’s acting childish, one of Dean’s least favorite expressions, “It’s to help tether my grace to your soul, Dean. We went over this.”
“Oh, well that’s—” Dean tries his best at a response, but he’s getting distracted by the sticky wetness clinging to his fingertips that he wipes away on his pants.
Dean accepts the magenta-colored drink, and wrinkles his nose as its floral notes hit his face. He is directed to sit on the bed by Cas, who looms nearby with a hawk-like focus on Dean’s soon-to-be-sleeping form, and tips back the drink in one fluid motion. It surprisingly tastes like a sugared blueberry syrup, like one would use to bake pies or drizzle over pancakes, but its effects are immediate as Dean finds his eyes drooping and his head slumps back towards the headboard.
Sam tilts his head in a crooked nod. “Yeah, it’s kinda weird that he hasn’t, right?” He doesn’t wait for a response, and Dean doesn’t interject. “So,” he goes on, leaning forward across the table, “I did a little digging.”
Dean clenches his jaw and drops his fork onto the plate. It clatters loud in the calm of the spring afternoon, and Dean barely restrains a flinch.
to the trussed up ma’lak box of Shit He Doesn’t Think About. This close to it, he can just make out the whispering voice—
Dean bites his cheek so hard he tastes copper, and he drags his eyes back to Ellen’s downturned face.
“Yeah, well,” Dean grumbles, voice rough in his throat. “Jo’s probably the sweetest girl I ever met, but—”
A moment passes, calm and quiet. The salted breeze stirs the moss overhead. A bird chirps a strange tuneless song. The sky reflects the water, and the water reflects the sky.
The panty-dropper act had worked like a charm in his twenties - sixty damn years ago, now - but Ellen’s always been made of stronger stuff. Her brow drops low in an unimpressed glare that has Dean smiling wide.
Dean’s fist comes down on the table - harder than he’d intended - with a dull thud and a sharp, throbbing pain.
, it wants to say, as if he’s got no idea. As if ‘they live over yonder’ wasn’t the first thing Bobby told him. As if Dean hadn’t picked any direction
Bobby sets his glass down and folds his arms across his chest, eyes rolling. “You’d think that rusty nail mighta knocked some sense into your head—”
Sam quirks a brow and tips his chin down in a nod. “Yeah. Apparently he decided he wanted to rebuild
“You know,” he says, to fill the silence, “Sammy asked me if I remembered anything,” he swallows, throat dry, and looks down at his plate, “‘bout bein’ a kid.”
,” Sam says and gives Dean a mild glare. “This,” he begins, smoothing a palm over the front of the book, “is the history of Heaven. Since Jack remade it.”
Dean’s eyes crawl upwards, catching on the broad hips and trim waist, the curve of her chest up to the freckles across her clavicle.
,” Dean intones. He rolls the word around in his mouth, and it’s coming back to him now. “Charity?” he guesses.
Dean snorts. Generally speaking, that’s been Heaven’s party line as long as he’s been here. Sam, Eileen, Charlie - he’s heard them all waxing poetic about the endless font of magic and mystery that is Heaven 2.0. Everything is possible, everything is perfect - blah blah blah, gay rainbows and sparkly unicorns.
Dean moves to kiss Cas’s jaw, kiss his troubles away, but Cas rolls away to sit on the side of the bed, his back to Dean. Even caught in shadow, Dean can see where the creamy tan of his skin is interrupted by lengths of muscle angry pink stripes that Dean painted there.
“You’d best be careful here.” The bartender says, but it sounds like less of a warning and more like friendly-advice, “Young men like y’all’ve been disappearing.”
Dean tends to bet aggressively when others are being aggressive, but knowing Cas, and knowing how observant Cas has proved to be, Dean thinks Cas knows this, too. Dean also thinks Cas doesn’t have anything yet, but is pressing Dean to expand the pot in a half-bluff. Half-bluff because something enticed him to stay till the flop, at least. Maybe he has pocket spades, or is working on a straight. Dean’s mind clanks like spinning gears as he studies Cas for a tell, but there’s nothing tangled in the long stretch of his fingers or hidden in the planes of his face, their only interruption the stabs of stubble that rise along his jaw. Dean blinks away to prevent distraction.
Dean frowns a bit as he answers, “His brother suggested that he was a little unstable. Like, his brother had to cut his hair a few days ago because he couldn’t be trusted around scissors, unstable.”
“Wow, Cas!” Lisa says, and it’s worth noting that even she has adopted his nickname from Dean, “There’s no need to be brave.”
“More like spectacular.” Dean corrects, “The trouble is that I’ve gotta head back before they kick me out.”
“Well, I can jive with weird.” Dean thinks Cas’s mystery has been wasted on the other contestants, “It’s the drama queens I can’t handle. You a drama queen, Cas?”
Cas doesn’t move and, for a moment, Dean’s thinking that he crossed that haphazard line that they’d drawn and redrawn in the sand only for it to be swallowed up by the encroaching tide, and that Cas will distance himself, eclipsing the sunny mood. But Cas leans his weight against Dean’s back, hands resting against the soft part of Dean’s stomach, and then his lips brush the side of Dean’s face, chaste and sweet.
Cas steps forward to the mystical Zulges and extends a hand to the zuluboon’s snout, closing his eyes in concentration and Dean can imagine him in deep conversation, trying to win the animal over. But, after barely a moment the animal steps back, letting out a distressed sound akin to a moo and lifting up its weapons of antlers as it stomps its back hooves aggressively. Cas skitters away as Izzy lets out a cruel laugh, “Wow, he really doesn’t like you. Should I be concerned?”
“I said to donate all of it. For me, too.” Sam tells him, then chuckles under his breath, “I guess it’s kinda fitting that we’re both gonna be gone.”
Cas struggles with uncoordinated fingers to retrieve a water bottle on the coffee table, with Dean watching to make sure it doesn’t go spilling everywhere. At some point Cas has begun leaning against Dean, so Dean feels the prod of his elbow as Cas unscrews the cap and takes a drink before setting it back down, bringing his empty hands to his forehead with a groan.
“You’re 100-percent-straight Winchester?” Benny teases, and he can’t know how Dean’s heart skips a beat as he remembers that Benny saw them earlier with the cocktails.
Cassie takes it well. She doesn’t cry or yell in outrage, just gives a weak, saddened smile as she does a quick goodbye to the room at large. A couple of the contestants noticeably disheartened but none more than Dean, who sinks into himself like a pin has been expertly jabbed into the meat of him, letting his air escape in one massive exhale.
Cas looks thoughtful for a moment, chewing his bottom lip, “Do you think I have a connection with her?”
He turns and Cas looks up. Dean takes a moment to take in what he sees, realizing then that Cas is damned handsome. He’s harsh lines and stubble interrupted with a soft expanse of lips, pinker than they should be, kissable as all hell. Objectively, of course.
“Yeah.” Benny says, and there’s an edge to his voice that Dean’s having trouble placing the origin of.
Dean spots a potential pitfall: covering the opening of the door was a strip of masking tape, now shredded in two. Dean starts snickering under his breath; do they think he’s in high school? He remembers a rare occasion where he went on an overnight trip for school–or, actually it was Sammy’s Mock Trial group that Dean had tagged along to–and taught his younger brother how to circumvent the ‘ole masking-tape-on-the-door trick by stealing a roll from the hotel’s maintenance closet. And, since he’ll have to heist some new tape, he might as well stretch his legs, right?
Dean, likewise, doesn’t know what to expect as Cas plants two firm, warm hands on the side of his face. He holds Dean’s gaze steadfast, especially as Dean’s eyes widen in an unspoken question, one he’s too afraid to ask as Cas leans, his head tipping forward into the space between them.
Sam had taken advantage of the ordeal to throw in a couple of swipes to the demon, just for kicks though he’d claimed it was an interrogation method. Dean hated seeing the way his smile curled so violently across his face, but hated more the way his energy had sapped out of him post-exorcism, sending him off to bed as one of his migraines came on again.
Dean leads him to the living room, and a few of the other guys are sprawled out over the furniture and keeping themselves entertained by reading, playing cards, or talking amongst one another. The boredom hangs over them like a plague, Dean included, the only solace being the prospect of finding true love. But, even that starts to stink a little. That’s why, after Cas and Dean spend a minute sipping on their beers, people look over when Dean breaks out the bottle of whiskey.
“It’s not about solving the disappearances.” Cas reminds him lightly, and Dean’s surprised to find himself having somewhat forgotten this, too caught up in the job, “This will help us get closer to getting in contact with a lich.”
Cas goes along somewhat willingly, even if he spouts litanies about how, “We’re gonna get caught, Dean” and “You should just go back to your room.” Cas switches from complaining to standing, arms-crossed with a disapproving look that could rival Sammy’s as Dean loots an unattended maintenance cart and presents Cas with a single roll of masking tape. It’s the most exciting thing he’s done all night.
Dean chews his lip as he thinks this over. He’s aware of bisexuality; he did, after all, go to college, but Dean didn’t know what to make of guys like Benny who were, what, straight with some wiggle room? Dean “preferred” women, too, negated only by a couple instances of experimentation during high school. But, that was just teenage curiosity. He’s not open to a relationship with a guy, just isn’t into them romantically, “Well, that’s fine. I’m 100 percent straight, though.”
Dean, puzzled but assuming he must’ve had it on him when he created the golem, fishes for it a moment and produces it triumphantly to Cas, who flicks it to life and reveals an unlit torch hanging on the cave’s walls. Cas touches it with the lighter and it bursts aflame, surprising Dean into saying, “Woah! Cool.”
There, laying in the dirt of the unfamiliar realm, Dean realized that he could forgive Cas for leaving him, even using him, but he could never forgive Cas for getting himself killed. It was a realization that ripped through him, cutting him apart and putting him back together so quickly he was left in a state of mind-numbing calm.
Dean’s brain short-circuits. He’s never seen that look on Cas’s face before, and that’s a shock, coupled with the realization that he would, very much, like for Cas to eat him. Dean’s mouth goes drier, drier still as he notices the other contestants are staring at him, waiting for him to play.
“The egg whites.” Cas tells him, and Dean groans to remember that the ‘Magic Carpet Ride’ is made using egg.
“Well, he’d asked me to sew a hole in his dress clothes and I told him we hadn’t the money for thread.” She explains, then looking pained goes, “Oh, my. You don’t think that could’ve lead him to—”
Dean struggles as Cas shoves Dean’s head underneath the chlorinated water of the pool, the surprise of the attack causing Dean to snort water up his nose. He emerges, coughing, shoving Cas away and cursing him playfully. Cas kicks off and dives towards the football floating next to them, which Dean tries to thwart by tackling Cas from behind. Cas is quick to flee and Dean only grabs ahold of his calf, Cas’s other leg slamming into Dean’s chest and forcing Dean to let go. Cas swims away, raising the football above his head triumphantly.
Dean’s anger shoots out, white-hot, like an uncaged lion, roaring and biting at anything that moves. But not for the maliciousness of the lion, yet its corrupt keeper, “Damnnit, Cas! How could you do this? You know he— You know Sammy doesn’t have a lot of time!”
He tries to let the hot water soothe away his apprehensions, and figures he should try to get himself a little more excited for his time with Lisa. He slinks one hand downwards and starts doing his usual, running through his normal fantasies that get him in the game. But as he fumbles with himself under the cascade of water, nothing riles him up.
Dean laughs it off, but it nags at him that he’d forget something like that, until he remembers that it’s Cas who’s fluent. The realization dampens his appetite a little bit, and he stops playfully throwing out Spanish words with the waiters.
The air is sucked out of the room, leaving a dry, heavy sensation that chokes Dean as he sits up, resisting the urge to reach out and touch Cas, “Sure we can.”
“Hm.” Cas thumbs at his lip as he thinks it over, the image of a philosopher, "What constitutes a ‘fun fact?’”
Dean listens. And then he’s blushing and frantically side-stepping back to his place as he’s met with Lisa, looking particularly cute in an over-sized chef’s outfit. She’s been going around and checking each group’s progress, and apparently it’s their turn. She smiles, a little skeptical, as she asks, “What’s going on here?”
His ears are brushed by the sound of someone entering, and even before looking he knows it's Cas who leans against the counter next to him. Dean opens his eyes and sees Cas's head tipped back, the dark crown of his hair blending into the walnut paneling behind him. He clears his throat, an abrasive sound, "Dean, I'm sorry–"
Thanks for sticking with my story thus far! I'd hoped to round out this story in December of 2019 but finals and the holidays got to me, but now I'm back on that writing grind. As always editing is minimal and beta?? who's she? I do hope you enjoy, though!
Dean looks away, but he can feel Sam’s eyes on his face. Even now, after everything he’s been through, he looks for something in Dean’s expression. Dean doesn’t give it to him.
“We’re looking for the lich.” Cas informs him, holding a resolved sort of seriousness in his voice that Dean could only feign to replicate.
And then Dean was pulling Cas into his arms, clutching him despite the icy torrents of water running down both of them, despite the urgency, and with a relief so acute it felt like Dean could sob, instead whispering as loud as he dared, “Cas! Cas, you idiot. You fucking idiot. What happened?”
the final part is coming up on SATURDAY nov. 14th at. the. latest. im so sorry for making all of u wait, i hope it was worth it >.<
He’s not told the other contestant’s room numbers and he has a curfew at 9pm, but other than that he’s left to pass the time. Alone. He hasn’t been by himself in weeks, and the snail’s pace of the day is only exasperated by the absence of cameras that leaves him feeling directionless. The security guards give him strange looks as he walks the hotel aimlessly once, twice, and until they don’t even look up at his passage.
He takes  a step forward despite his fears he might plunge down into the void forever, because he has a mission, “Cas?”
Izzy shrugs, “Ask him. Zuluboon like him are inherently telepathic, if you have good intentions he’ll be happy to help. But I doubt he’ll like you all, no offense. He’s never been too fond of people.”
The castle, as consolation, was not disappointing. It’s crackling stone spiraled upwards almost as if an outpouring of lava had shot forth and cooled in its ragged shape, then been conquered by a mess of ivy and worn away by the cumbersome burden of time. Dean could imagine a lich living there, much as he could imagine any twisted fantasy creature making a home of this foreboding place, which reeked of evil like the ominous black tower of a Frankenstein film.
“Truly.” says Randall, who peeks nervously at the position of the sun like he’s suddenly become aware of its climb across the sky, “Well, I better leave you to it.”
Baely shrugs, “We just call them Wicked Ones. Powerful evil beings who play with others for their own amusement.”
Sam was resting again. He’d been back a week already, but Dean was considering sticking him in a hospital. At first he’d complained of headaches, then he started getting nosebleeds and, most recently, dizzy spells that led him to pass-out. The last one gave him a bit of a concussion after he fell face-first into Bobby’s kitchen table. He assured them he was fine, but Dean worried. Besides the physical symptoms, he’d been acting strangely and was prone to bouts of aggression like Dean had never seen before. Dean had flat-out asked him if he was using demon blood again, earning him a middle-finger and cold shoulder, and Dean had even snuck holy water into one of his drinks, just to make sure he wasn’t possessed by a demon.
“I told you.” Cas meets Dean’s eyes head-on, trying to look earnest, which makes the whole thing worse.
“Well, you can’t.” Her smile is careful measures of pity and remorse, “That’s just the reality of love.”
Dean realizes he’s staring at the dude’s mouth and his eyes snap back to Cas’s on reflex. Cas’s eyes are burning blue with sincerity, heeding every word and micro-action, like he’s just grateful for the time of day. Ogling at Dean like he’s a hero, or something, Dean doesn’t get why Lisa didn’t lean in and kiss him herself.
Baely is less preoccupied with fighting Dean and instead frantically tries to brush the liquid away from his skin but it seems to sink into him, leaving his skin to sparkle with gold flecks as his eyes fall closed and he slumps to the floor. Dean checks and, yes, he’s unconscious. Well, that was easy.
Dean’s mouth turns down, impressed. Leave it to Sammy to find a giant celestial mountain in another plane of existence and go climb the damn thing. “Anything interesting?”
His spine is ramrod straight, head tilted up toward the canopy, but his chin drops to chest when he senses Dean’s presence.
Cas had said, just before his wings had painted stark shadows on the walls. Massive and fluttering, they’d shifted Cas’ posture, like he wasn’t quite used to them, their heft a foreign weight at his back.
Kevin glances up, following Dean’s eyes. “Yeah,” he says, matter of fact. “Most people have. First Corinthians thirteen.”
Dean’s mouth closes with an audible click, his shoulders drawing up. He adjusts his seat on the bench, hands gripping the rod tight. Sam gives him an inscrutable look, and Dean’s head dips in a nod.
. End of the line. The thought had sobered him, at first, calmed him in the wake of his death. But the longer he lingers here, the more miles he puts on Baby, the more sunny days he wastes away on his bench at the end of the pier - the heavier his head seems to grow.
Archangel - immortal and adamantine, now that God himself has destroyed his only weakness. And Dean is an eternal soul, freed from the bonds of his mortal body - limitless and enduring in the endless expanse of Heaven. They’re stood now on evener ground than they’ve ever been before.
Dean rolls his eyes and nods around a dry smile. Charlie gives a tittering laugh that he can’t help but return, and he polishes off his beer, shoulder butted up against hers.
Sam approaches with two beers in hand, sure-footed on the grassy slope. He plops himself down next to Dean, sidling closer until their shoulders press together. He gives Dean a vague half-smile and hands him a beer. It’s an uncapped green bottle with a white label and red logo. Stella Artois.
Charlie gives him an unimpressed glare and hoists herself off the couch. “I’m a chapstick power alpha, thank you very much.”
Her eyebrows are drawn together in a guileless frown, the errant ray of sunshine lightening her hair, and she looks so very, very much like—
“I think,” she begins, pulling the stopper from the bottle, “there might be something you thought you couldn’t have.”
Dean shakes his head and harrumphs. “Nah,” he replies, gesturing to the old rod. “Wasn’t payin’ much attention.”
The drawing is entirely ridiculous - an indecipherable riot of squiggly pen lines and waxy crayon color. There’s a messy bed of green near the bottom, which Dean assumes is grass, and it’s speckled with tiny blobs of vibrant pink and deep red - flowers, Dean thinks. Near the center of the page is a single white daisy with a bright yellow bumblebee hovering over it. A swirling purple line trails behind its black-striped body, making loop-de-loops around every flower. The sky is a strip of electric blue at the top, just above an empty field of white - the landscape drawn as children often do, with the heavens separated from the earth.
He recalls a memorable night spent with Pamela - well, as memorable as it could be after a fifth of Macallan. Sam had said ‘So get this...’ and then fucked off to the local library, leaving Pam and Dean at the hotel bar. They’d drunk til the lights got fuzzy, and Pam had leaned back against the barstool, arching one dark eyebrow.
Cas’ chin drops in a motion that might be a nod, and he turns back to his book, eyes scanning over the page far quicker than any human could possibly read.
No. No, that’s not right. Dean couldn’t have had Cas twelve years ago. Twelve years ago, Dean was young and stupid, blind to everything but the never-ending search for revenge, mired in a pit of tar-black self-loathing, salty and embittered, lonesome and
One corner of Dean’s mouth ticks up, and he bumps his shoulder briefly against Cas’. “Man,” he huffs out and tips his head toward the bedroom. “We coulda been doin’ that for...” he trails off and shakes his head, pressing his back against the bench. There’s a sore spot just under his shoulder blade, and he wonders if there’s a bruise there, too.
Dean had spent so damn long looking for the answer - scouring Heaven and Hell and the Earth alike - that he’d all but forgotten the question.
The first goes down smooth like warm honeyed water, with a bite at the end that has him reaching for the next. The second is bite all the way through, spiced and peaty against the flat of his tongue. He takes a short gasp of breath before the last, and he’s glad he did; it hits him like wildfire, scalding his throat with brine and accelerant - a salt n’ burn in a tiny scratched glass.
He’d borne Cas’ handprint on his arm like a war wound - had worn it on his sleeve like some people wore their hearts. Through all the years they’d known one another, all the foiled apocalypses and paradises lost, it had never occurred to Dean that he might’ve left a mark on Cas, too - that the very touch that gave Dean a reddened handprint, might have given Cas a red right hand.
“So,” Sam goes on, and Dean glances back up at him, shaking off the odd sensation, “Jack’s gotta leave someone in charge of the place, right?” Sam pauses for a moment, brow raised, and Dean nods belatedly. “Right,” he continues. “But it’s gotta be someone who knows Heaven’s ins and outs. Someone who can defend its weak points. Someone who actually—” Sam tilts his head with a dry smile, “
.” He shakes his head again and looks back toward the picnic. His face goes soft and smiley, and Dean knows he’s staring at Eileen. “If you want it, you gotta... you gotta grab it. Hold onto it.”
“—he...” Mary trails off on a sigh, stretching her arm across the table. Her fingers brush his, and he holds himself still. “No one’s gonna take him away, Dean.” She runs her thumb over the knuckles of his fist. “It’s work,” she acknowledges. “Dirty work, even, but... it’s not life or death,” she murmurs with a tiny smile. “Not here.”
He thinks of Mary, serving him pie in a house over yonder - how even a hundred years later, he still sees her, gutted and burning behind his eyelids.
around the weight of failed expectations, the clamoring memories of a rod rarely spared. Even now, half a century later, he can still feel the scorn bearing down on his shoulders, pulling his lips into a stoic line.
Though stately and finely architectured with pillars and white stone, the building that houses the Library is surprisingly small.
He keeps his eyes closed as he does every morning, hoping the flat darkness will pull him back, away from the brink of consciousness. He remembers Billie, forty-something years ago, threatening to cast his soul into the Empty; no Heaven, no Hell - just eternal sleep afloat in the void.
Mary pauses at the abrupt change of subject, but deftly lets it slide. Her eyes flutter a bit, and she pulls her hand back. “Yeah?” she asks, giving a slightly awkward smile.
Dean gives him a stony stare, and Sam stares right back, circumspect but open. Though Sam looks just as he did when Dean kicked it, there’s a wisdom around his eyes now, like he’s figured something out - the right answer or, maybe, the right question. Dean grits his teeth and looks away. His headache lurks.
Dean had stared at her, his gaze running over her broken form, her torn gown, her tiny reaching hands. He wasn’t much for Greek, but he’d caught the sentiment nonetheless.
The bell chimes again, and Cas closes the book with a careful swipe of his hand. “I have to go now,” he says, and there’s an apology in his voice, but no regret.
Kevin huffs a dry laugh and leans back in his seat. “It’s not really,” he says, and points a finger toward another quote Dean hadn’t noticed. “That one’s a proto-Germanic joke about a walrus. And that one—” he points towards the circular one done in hieroglyphics, “—is in a pre-Sumerian language. No one has any idea what it says.”
his fondest memory of John - a vague half-remembrance from nearly a century ago, buried under a quagmire of regrets.
- flashing on the screen. He’d picked it up and fiddled with it, running his fingers over the burnished metal and smooth glass. If he’d never seen any of the crazy shit Charlie’d cobbled together, he would’ve said the thing looked Space Age - all sleek lines and sharp angles, no buttons to speak of.
“There’s a- a place,” Dean blurts, then scrubs a hand over his face, shaking his head. “Just past the mountain. A little forest in a field. Apparently there’s rain and lightning, and I. I’m just—”
Cas turns his head towards Dean in a sharp movement, though his eyes stay downcast. “Where did you hear that,” he grumbles, and the low scratchy tone grates at something in Dean’s chest.
Dean’s head bounces in a nod, jittery with upset. He makes a broad gesture with shaking hands. “And you couldn’t have told me that sometime in the last—”
Her eyebrows make a sympathetic shape, and she pulls her hand back. Dean’s shoulders relax, just slightly.
He glances up at Kevin, still scrawling away. He looks different than Dean remembers - broader in the shoulder, stronger around the jaw. There’s a dusting of stubble across his chin and a line etched into his forehead. He’s gone a little grey at the temples.
And Dean’s noticed that, too. Spending hours (or minutes, or maybe decades) on the highway, Dean’s come across some odd spots: places where the grass is un-trampled and a little too green, the ground too flat, the trees too young. Whenever he passes one, he gets a strange feeling, like he’s watching a silent movie, or staring at a blank canvas. He feels it at his little bunker out in the greyscale marsh, and he felt it at the tiny forest in the endless yellow field. Like a song without a refrain, something is missing - unfinished.
Dean glances over it all with a tiny smile on his face, while Bobby rifles through a white shaker cabinet. He comes up with two scuffed tumblers and a dusty unlabeled bottle, then juts his chin toward the sliding glass door.
Sam’s mouth goes a little slack, eyes scanning side to side, though Dean doubts he’s seeing anything. “I dunno,” he intones, squinting. “Something weird.”
Dean’s eyelid twitches, and he blinks several times in succession, giving a low grunt. “I dunno, Sammy, kinda sounds—”
“Yeah, well,” he says, gruff. “I never really had, uh,” he wets his lip, shaking his head, “a Bill.” He gives her a tight smile, pressing his tongue against the roof of his mouth. The words taste wrong - but then, so does everything else.
Dean rolls his eyes and reaches for his glass. He tips the little coaster off and watches as the glass refills itself. It’s a darker orange-ish color now, rather than light blonde. He takes an experimental sniff: El Sol, this time. He feigns relief in case anyone’s looking (no one is), and peers back up at Sam.
John is silent for a long moment, unmoving at Dean’s side. Then he huffs out a sigh, murmuring, “I don’t remember.” He gives a tiny dry laugh. “Don’t remember any of it, really, just... the big ol’ smile on his face.” Another soft chuckle, and Dean doesn’t remember the last time he’d heard John laugh so much - even subtle and muted as he is now.
She’s waiting, he realizes, for him to speak, to get there. Though where ‘there’ is, Dean’s got no damn idea.
it now - waiting to spill out in riptides and crashing waves. Ready to flood him, bury him. Drown him.
Dean stares at the squiggle, a frown etching across his forehead. The figurine he remembers was nearly solid white, the only deviations its pink skin and dark eyes. There’s not a speck of white in the little scribble, no cherubic cloud-seeder to be found. Just messy black shapes and a faded blue circle. Black wings, blue halo.
“They were my last words, Dean,” Cas grumbles, and fuck, Dean isn’t ready for this. “My will, my- my
Dean nods and stands up. He spins in a slow circle, looking for any that he’d missed, and finds one directly to his right. It’s one of the only ones written at eye level, but its lettering - Latin, Dean notes - is pale, almost translucent. As he stares at it, it appears to grow darker, bolder against the wall.
“Mhm,” she hums, giving another slow nod. Her finger slides across the two tiny black scrawls, vaguely triangular and joined at the middle. “Wings,” she says, then taps the blue oval just above, “halo.” He sees her smile out of the corner of his eye. “You drew it all the time.”
He’s close enough now that Cas has to tip his head back to meet Dean’s eyes. The movement stretches the length of his throat, sharpening the line of his jaw. His lips are a downturned bow, his eyes a deeper blue than Dean’s ever seen them.
exactly Cas had summoned the Empty, no mention whatsoever of the bedroom door he’d often found Dean stood in front of - unable to open, unable to turn away.
“I said I’d ask,” Dean prods, with a warm crooked smile, “when I wanted to hear it.” He slips his hands from Cas’ shoulders to the stark bolts of his jaw, smoothing his thumbs over the damp planes of his cheeks. “
Dean chews his lip and follows Cas’ gaze out over the water. There’s a seabird flying lazy figure eights a ways out.
Dean nods absently, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. He’s known since ‘they live over yonder’ that a reckoning would come for him and his dad. Dean just isn’t quite sure if he’s ready for whatever truth John might tell - or if he’s even inclined to listen to it.
Once he sees that first scribble, he begins to notice several others. There’s one nearly at the ceiling kitty-corner to Kevin’s desk that looks like it might be in Japanese. Another on the wall opposite him that’s comprised of funny little hieroglyphs in a spiral pattern that he thinks might be Linear A.
Dean looks toward the sky, the ice-cold rain biting into his skin, washing the salt from his wide eyes. The water drips from Cas’ jaw down the side of his neck, winding around the fine hairs there. It pools at the place where Dean’s palms meet Cas’ throat, seeping in between and fusing their skins.
. He wonders if Cas had taken that for the edict that it was - wonders if that was the moment that Dean had taught him
Dean frowns at the evasion, but shrugs it off, nodding at Bobby’s back. He steps up to one of the barstools at the little table and wipes the water off the seat with the side of his hand. “Always,” he snorts.
And that much is true. Dean’s well past the point of needing fatherly platitudes from John; he’d crossed that particular Rubicon half a century ago.
Dean frowns, and his eyes flick up from where they’d been staring sightlessly at the book cover. He shakes his head, lips pursing. “He leaves?”
, Dean thinks as he pulls up outside the old rickety barn. A strange new cloud obscures Heaven’s sun - dark and heavy where it hangs in the sky, casting a cool blue shadow across the endless plain.
Charlie stares blankly for a moment, slack-jawed and dull-eyed, before cutting a glare at Dean. “I literally hate you.”
Dean rereads the words, and rereads them again. Something is growing in the back of his mind, spreading against the inside of his skull like feathered shadows—
Ellen grumbles and runs her hand through her hair, before pointing a chiding finger at Dean. “Mind your tongue, boy,” she says and drops her hands to the edge of the bar. “Bill hears you talkin’ like that, he’ll put one between your eyes.”
Sam laughs, husky with surprise, and shakes his head. “Well,” he concedes. “Guess that’s something.”
Dean nods, though his stomach goes taut. He hadn’t caught sight of the rift, but he’d seen the Harvelles’ old pick-up trudging across the bog, maybe a mile out from his bunker. He’s got enough friends in the Arch to know that rifts aren’t uncommon, that pass-through is usually minimal, that the Arch can handle it. He also knows they could always use another set of hands, more boots on the ground, as many seasoned, able-bodied hunters as they can get.
The painting slips from his fingers as Mary takes it back in her hands. She holds it gently, reverently, as she stands and walks around the table. Dean shakes his head to clear it, and watches as she replaces the little picture on the center of the wall. It looks, at once, as if it has always hung there, and like he’d drawn it but a moment ago.
“I’m safe, Dean,” Sam says simply. “And happy. Everyone - all of our family, our friends. We’re safe. And happy. I just...”
She slides three shooters across the bar in a little line. They slosh, but don’t spill, and Dean watches the tiny legs evaporate on the musty air.
Dean looks up and finds Cas staring at him, brow furrowed. Dean’s eyes meet Cas’ sunken ones, and Cas turns back to his book.
Dean sucks in a briny breath. “We’re fishin’ now,” he says, tone sharp with a certitude he doesn’t feel.
Sam gives him a smile, all white teeth and deep dimples. Dean tries to give him one back, but it feels more like a grimace on his face.
Then, of course, the crowning jewels: a wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling flatscreen TV and a tiny blue console that ostensibly contains every video game ever made. Charlie calls it the Deus ExBox.
, per se, but at least he’s not a smear on the stone floor. He breathes out a relieved sigh and wipes the sweat from his brow with the back of his hand.
He glances over at Cas. He’s wearing a white undershirt (Dean’s) and blue plaid boxers, hirsute legs crossed at the ankles. His skin is dewy in the damp air, arms goosebumped (though it’s 70-something degrees), and a dusting of stubble crawls over his sharp jawline. His hair is a riot, pillow-flattened at the back and wild everywhere else.
Cas’ glassy eyes roll skyward and he makes an aggravated sound, splaying his hands in frustration. “Then
Dean huffs a brittle laugh and finally looks away. His eyes find the septagram again, and he grits his teeth. “That’s, uh,” another dry laugh, “that’s why I haven’t seen you in, what...
Something swells in Dean’s chest, pressing against the inside of his rib cage, and there’s a sharp sting behind his eyes.
Cas turns toward him, red-rimmed eyes meeting Dean’s own, sharp and shiny, pinning him in place. Something beats against the inside of Dean’s chest, and Cas says, imploring, “Did you think I didn’t mean them?”
Bobby stares at him for a short moment, blue eyes squinted against the sunlight. Then he blows out a gusty sigh and reaches for his drink. “You’re a damn fool,” he grunts, and knocks back the last finger.
Dean leans in close, his nose a few scant inches from Cas’, and he slides his hands up to the broad, hunched shoulders. The base of his palms press against the curve of Cas’ collarbone, and Dean feels the movement as Cas sucks in a breath.
It looks familiar, like he’s seen it in a textbook or possibly a museum. Then again, in Dean’s very short - and very,
Sam looks up like he’d forgotten Dean was there, and he shakes his head. “Oh just, uh,” a dry swallow, “Eileen and I, we. We went hiking, little while back.”
That brings Dean up short. A startled beat passes as Ellen stacks up the shot glasses, and Dean stares at the top of her head, slack-jawed.
“I know, Dean,” Cas says with a tiny flinch of a smile. His eyebrows form a point in the center of his forehead, head tilting just so. “You have your family, your friends—” he splays his hands in a broad gesture, “—a safe haven. Things are...” He pauses for a moment, breathing a soft sigh. “Things are different now. Better,” he peers up at Dean for half a second, then lets his eyes fall back to his book. “I hope.”
Cas turns to where he has already prepared a tea of sorts—made from the flowering fruit of the Twilight Realm’s native trees—that Cas tells Dean will put him into a slumber and cause him to awake on the other side and, if their plan works, Cas’s grace will have come with him and Cas will be able to join him physically.
Cas’s lips fold into a thin line, intent on answering, “I’m not a genius. Although I’ve never had my IQ tested. I’ve always fundamentally disagreed with using IQ as a measure of intellect. In fact, it’s quite–”
The sudden blaring of the heart rate monitor is enough to cause Cas to freeze, the tea halfway to his lips, and instead he rushes to Dean’s side. Dean’s eyes are open and darting around the room as he struggles to swing his legs out of bed and stand up. The hospital staff rush over to subdue him, and he makes a move to fight until he locks eyes with Cas.
“Dean.” He states again, and why the hell can’t he keep Dean’s name out of his mouth? And why does the sound drag Dean’s eyes right back to him again?
“Well, uh. My mom actually passed away when I was little, but I think she’d be happy. My dad thinks it’s stupid, but he doesn’t really mind it, either.” Most of the time Dean avoids telling people he’s down to one parent, but it feels easy to confess to Cas.
He and Caleb are led to a dining room and given tiny, ornate pins that read ‘Guest of Honor,’ whatever that means. Lord Berengerus slaps a hand to Caleb’s back, smiling, “I’m going to give Caleb the tour of the place myself, but my friend Baely here will show you around, and I’m sure you’ll find him to be excellent company!”
Dean pauses, and thinks. He wishes he were better at thinking, at talking things out. He wishes a lot of things. His next line is quieter, like he doesn’t want to unearth the truth that maybe, just maybe Castiel loves him. Why else would the angel be standing in the kitchen before him?
For some reason, Dean’s gaze falls to the crappy motel-quality curtains lining the window of the room, quivering at their bottoms from the air conditioner being pumped into the room. It reminds him of how far away he is from his apartment, in that instant, because with the lights dimmed down and with the other contestants all asleep, when it’s just the two of them sitting here, it almost feels like they’re back home.
If patience is a virtue, Dean is going to hell. He rolls his neck, flexes his knuckles, and sighs liberally as he watches the other contestants dole out flirtatious smiles under the doting lights of the cameras. Dean wonders how he’s gonna endure weeks of this if he’s already sweating after just a few hours, and curses himself for being a goddamn idiot again before they call him up to see Lisa.
“Cas, if you’re out there…” He’d started, the sentence leaping from his lips before it’d fully formed in his mind, “Stop me.”
“Cas, man, I hope you can hear me.” Dean mutters, voice hollow and exhausted after being sat in the same position for hours courtesy of the ropes rubbing marks into his wrists and ankles that for all of his trying, he cannot slip, “Don’t let me die, ok? I’m gonna come back, I’m gonna save Sammy, and then we’re gonna fight this angel war together. Alright, buddy? Just you hold on.”
“I’ve been thinking about Lisa…” And here the confession bubbles at his lips and refuses to rise, needing to be enticed. Dean looks away.
Dean nods, he obviously can’t say ‘no’, and in spite of himself is nervous. He taps his fingers against the seat of his chair as they fuss with the cameras. It’s painfully reminiscent of high school photoshoots and Dean feels out of his element.
“If you’re here asking me to your stupid dance, you can fuck off!" Well, at least the guy doesn’t sound like a pretentious magician. Small mercies.
Dean knows he’s good at poker. Bobby and his dad alternated teaching him how to play a good game when he was growing up, and he had plenty of practice cleaning up with the drunk patrons of local bars when he got older. That’s why as soon as he sits down, he starts sizing up the others at the table to look for the weakest links. It’s Alfie’s turn to deal first, and as he stumbles to flip up the cards Dean has him pegged for the sucker.
It all motivated Dean to get back to the Twilight Realm as soon as possible, so two days later he boiled a pot of water and brewed the specific tea after Bobby and Sam had gone to bed, or so he’d thought. As he rounded the stairs, tea in one hand and bag of ingredients in the other, Bobby caught him.
Dean and Cas prepare to part ways. Dean packs some of the weird tea with him as he goes with the instruction to take it whenever he’s ready to visit the Twilight Realm again. There’s the unspoken rule that he can’t wait too long, of course, or the progress they’ve made will be lost and Sam will slip a little bit further away from them. Cas tells him he’ll join Dean there, in the realm, as soon as he “feels Dean there.”
Cas unwraps his present and discards the plastic neatly on the bedside table, Dean perching on the edge of his seat as Cas sighs and takes a hesitant bite, chewing nonchalantly and swallowing. His face gives nothing away, and he mumbles a soul-crushing, “It’s alright.”
“Maybe later.” Benny jokes back, but then he stretches and lets out a massive yawn, “Actually, make that ‘maybe tomorrow.’ I’m getting pretty tired.”
Dean tried to write this off as side-effects from escaping Hell, but his behavior seemed suspect. He and Bobby had conspired to dig into possible causes as Sam’s mystery illness progressed. Meanwhile, Dean had made sure Sam was taking care of himself and tried to be there however he could, but Sam wouldn’t talk. Remembering his own recovery from Hell, he tried not to pry but couldn’t help himself, every time getting shot down.
Cas shifts, catching Dean’s eye and fixing him with a look filled with pity and sentimental sweetness. Then soft-lipped honesty spills out of him like iced honey, tantalizing to all the senses but one, “I want you, Dean. I want you more than I could ever want Lisa and I think that... you possibly, hopefully feel the same.”
He feels his head connect with the wall behind him, and then he’s lunging forward as he first tries to sit up and then, discovering he was already standing, stumbles into a lush patch of grass, tall enough to brush his knees. He’s not in Kansas anymore.
Cas dips his thumb back towards the coffee pot sitting on the counter, steadily dripping a tap-tap-tap of fresh coffee into its belly. It’s a sound that’s music to Dean’s ears, who was expecting the shitty instant coffee like you’d find in a hotel. Dean stands up, fills a mug, and sits back down next to Cas without bothering with cream or sugar.
Across the stretch of cavern sits a simple set of furniture: a thick, wooden chest, a table and chairs, and two skeletons which sit upon the chairs, strangely preserved in their upright positions. They cross towards it, Dean investigating the skeletons and Cas peering into the chest.
“Good morning.” Cas is formal, still studying Dean behind his blue eyes. Dean likes to think that there’s a warmth there, but he’s entirely unsure.
A part of Dean wants Cas to return the favor, but part of him thinks it might ruin him. Cas just makes a noncommittal noise as response, dipping his head against Dean’s so that they’re standing, foreheads in tandem. After a moment Cas sees the double-crescent mark he left at the base of Dean’s neck, and Dean knows this because Cas lifts one hand, brushing over the puckered red skin with a slight frown. The gesture is apologetic.
She’s still unspeaking, her face a mask devoid of expression. Dean, remembering where he is, just grins at her instead of prostrating at her feet.
There were a lot of things Dean didn’t expect about being on a dating show, and among them was how intimately the producers would get to know him, or he the producers. He’d begun to recognize the show’s staff by name and now knew the particular way each head producer operated. Dagon was very invested in the drama aspect, Azazeal  liked playing up the romance, Asmodeus went in-depth on backstory, and Ramiel just seemed like he wanted to quit his job. So, when Dean wanted to ask for a favor he knew he should go to Ruby, an intelligent, cunning woman who seemed dedicated to the premise of the show and who normally worked alongside Azazael.
Dean quickly tallies the points and flips to the results section, “We got 50%. It means we have a good relationship, but we aren’t stuck to each other like glue.”
It was an accident, of course. The first time. But it happened again, for real, and it hasn’t stopped happening since. Benny was telling me about this ‘exception’ thing. I dunno, I didn’t get it at first but now...holy shit he might be right. I think I’m liking Cas.
Cas considers this for a moment, walking a little more purposefully than Dean towards the busier parts of the town once again, “There seemed to be a...stressor in all of their lives.”
Cas knows what to do. And it’s an easy choice, really, going into the bathroom adjacent to Dean’s hospital room and taking out the preparations. The green, gooey substance is first which he smears heavily across the mirror, and then it’s the angel blade to his own throat, extracting his grace. The tea is already prepared, and his own regret is not seeing Bobby before he goes.
Besides a few key differences, like the mysterious white orbs that buzzed around some of the flowers,  giant trees and mushrooms, it was pretty much like Earth. Though at one point they saw an actual centaur gallop through the thicket of trees with a bow and arrow, hunting something.
“Aw, how cute. I don’t think your little angel friend cares about you.” Lord Berengerus chimes from behind Dean, “You might as well stop trying.”
Cas nods, a yawn stretching pinkly from his lips, so they go to bed. They both undress and intend to climb into their beds, separately, but somewhere along the way Cas’s hands prove themselves to be both firm and insistent as they pull Dean to his chest. Dean just curls into him, lazy and sweet, peppering closed-mouth kisses to Cas like falling asleep in his arms is the most natural thing in the world. Sinking into Cas’s familiar warmth and feeling happiness settle deep into his gut, Dean is hit with the thought:
Dean interrupts by kissing him fervently, violently. It tastes like the look of gasoline and feels like the sound of a rock concert, Dean's synapses firing like his brain has been commandeered by a strange pair of hands that plays Bagatelle No. 25 across its lobes. The thermostat jumps through the glass as Dean kisses both his frustration at losing and excitement at Cas winning into Cas's receptive mouth, all the while he hopes Cas can feel the chanting at the tip of his tongue,
“Reward?” Dean asks skeptically, one hand burrowed into his bedsheets and the other half-extended towards Cas.
And then they become a tumble of skin and heat and friction and rapidly firing neurons and it’s enough to kill him. Dean is worked to the edge and returns the favor to Cas just as readily, but it’s not enough, not until Dean realizes he’s in the position of asking or not asking and he’ll regret it if he does and regret it if he doesn’t.
According to Bobby, around three hours ago Sam had knocked on the door, barely staggering through the threshold and giving Bobby a hug before collapsing on the floor. “He’s just dehydrated, is all.”
Micheal flashes his teeth in the widest smile Dean has ever seen on his face, “Not just Lisa. I made sure the cameras were rolling. The whole world's gonna know he’s a flamer.”
“Hmm…” Dean strides to find balance between boring and dipping past personal boundaries, “What do you do for a living?”
But, evidently Dean’s anger is too much, for Castiel’s icy blue eyes melt and, for the second time that day, tears drop like rain falling after snow. Castiel musters the remnants of his broken anger and speaks, “It was my last chance. It was my last chance to tell you.”
Dean sits and gets adjusted, fidgeting a bit more than strictly necessary and taking a deep, calming breath. It’s weird for him to be nervous; it’s just Cas and besides, he plays for people all the time. He finds his fingers going into a familiar song as he strums Zeppelin’s “Going to California” and there’s an extra tremble to them as he starts off with the lyrics. He’s no rock god but he can carry a tune.
Dean laughs, victorious, though he’s got no idea of what aquafaba is. It takes Cas a moment of rummaging underneath the counter before he produces a bag of white powder labelled aquafaba, and they combine it with water to make a gooey, gelatinous substance that Dean wrinkles his nose at.
Dean laughs, and can pinpoint a faint fondness behind Cas’s eyes which makes him think he’s forgiven. Nevertheless, when Dean presents Cas with pocket aces and slyly whispers to Cas asking how much he should bet, Cas tells him to fold.
Cas neglects to reply for a moment, kicking himself up so that he can lie on his back and float, giving himself a view of the nighttime sky. The stars aren’t that visible with the lights of the house blinking out at them, but the moon is thick and triumphant above them.
Dean doesn’t know what else  Cas is going to say, but he can’t bear to watch something else awful spill out of that pretty mouth, so he asks,  “Where were you?”
“Where will not-me end up?” Dean asks, hoping that by the time he gets there his fake body isn’t being roasted by cannibals or becoming some monster’s chew-toy.
“You have a lighter in your jacket pocket. Hand it to me.” Cas brushes his fingertips against the cave’s walls.
It seemed that, with the tether, there had been an accidental swapping: Dean’s soul for Cas’s grace. So, even without the tether, Cas knows Dean must be alive because a part of Dean’s soul is a part of Cas’s grace, now, and he’s sure of it like a second sense.
The floor is so littered with furniture and people, many of them plastered themselves, that Dean half-prays as they pass over a wasted Garth lying asleep on the floor, Dean dragging Cas forward by a fistful of Cas’s wrinkled shirt. Cas, for his part, doesn’t fight it, instead he spews off various vulgarities mostly directed towards the other contestants.
It’s a day later and Dean is sprawled across a plush, faded-orange and lime armchair and sipping on a beer with his elbows propped on his knees so he can lean in to fixate his stare on Cas. They haven’t spoken much, yet, and Dean has only barely got a feel for his personality.
Like tonight, for instance, they’d snagged the two-seater couch and the few feet of separation they had from the other contestants might as well have been miles. There hadn’t been enough blankets to go around, so Cas and Dean had ended up sharing. Benny was jealous of how cozy they looked snuggled up together, but respected that they had their own weird little bond.
“I heard that Sam is back.” Cas says, nonchalant as always, like he hasn’t been away for over six months, like it’s routine to stop by.
Dean is escorted to a narrow, secluded spiral staircase that offers them a moment of privacy for Baely to say, “My Lord has surmised that you’re...interesting. You’re not quite from here, are you Dean?”
And then Dean whistles, and Zulges reappears on the mountainside in time to stop Dean from doing something stupid, like forgive Cas, because there’s something deep in his chest that feels for Cas, even understands him, the part that conveniently wants to hold onto Cas and never let him go. So Dean climbs Zulges while Cas watches in silence and doesn’t wait up before telepathically asking Zulges to take him back.
“It’s not about speed, it’s about rhythm.” Dean might joke about that if he were in a better mood, but as it is he rolls his eyes at Castiel’s cool tone. Dean is eyeing the camera crew on a neighboring bank as Castiel turns to face him, “Are you paddling correctly?”
“What are you talking about?” Dean protests, and the flush of embarrassment starts to creep up his neck.
Cas extends a hand to brush against Dean’s forehead, his thumb making lazy strokes across the skin there in what he’d learned was a gesture of affection. Sam didn’t comment—Cas knew how perceptive Sam could be—but watched carefully, “I can feel him.”
“Dean.” said Cas, who’s glazed over with some unidentifiable emotion. He looks like he’s been hung out to dry.
Dean feels like he’s been doused in ice water, scrambling to come up with an excuse, “Because I came here–”
Benny snorts under his breath, and Lisa turns her attention to him, “Benny, I have high expectations for you…”
As Dean speaks, Cas looks charmed, an amused smile creeping at his lips but not fully forming, “And we couldn’t accomplish this just by being friends, of course.”
And then it strikes him that he won’t be able to say goodbye to Cas, now, and reality comes crashing down all around him. Micheal didn’t need his fist, because Dean’s chest feels like something ran right through him, shattering those careful walls he’d built around his heartache. Cas is really gone.
“Yes, although he’s about a week’s journey from here. I could always fly, but it would leave me in no fighting condition, especially if you were my tagalong.” Cas talks almost as-if he’s not directly speaking to Dean, but then hones on him in the last moments of his tangent, “However, I have discovered an alternative form of transportation via one of the locals.”
Now, Dean comes to with a gasp, blinking his eyes open to the motel room once more. He’s somehow gravitated lower on the bed, so at least his head has been resting on a pillow, but his mouth is dry like he’s slept for a year instead of the—he checks his watch—five hours it’s been.
Dean looks back at the other contestants, those sober enough having amused smiles glinting on their faces, and looks back to Cas, announcing with a grin, “No, buddy. I think you’re in the clear.”
They don’t talk much about the kiss, but not much changes except for now, Cas doesn’t hesitate to touch him, running his hands across Dean’s arms or curling next to Dean on the couch whenever they’re away from peering eyes. They don’t talk about what it means and Dean doesn’t quite know. And as long as they don’t talk about it, Dean can blow it off as touched-starved loneliness, the college days receiving an extension.
And then there’s a sound like splintered wood as Cas drives an angel blade into the end table. It stops jumping for a moment, letting Dean roll out from underneath it, and Cas has the hint of a victorious smile before the end-table turns, slowly, and makes a move to chase them down. They fly away from the other furniture and try to maneuver towards the staircase, even though the books are flitting around their faces and trying to dive in.
“Well,” Dean says, reciting what the producers had sprung on him earlier, “Why don’t we go find, just like, the greasiest burger? In jeans?”
At the same time a woman with dark, reddish-brown skin and butterscotch eyes slides them two plates filled with something that looks like meat wrapped in a fruit roll up, with a side of some vegetable that Dean doesn’t recognize but looks like an aloe-vera leaf with a white interior, announcing, “Visitors should eat up.”
After that, all that’s left is to board Zulges’s back—apparently zuluboons are capable of bending the laws of space, who knew?—and wait as he steps, shredding layers of reality, and materializes on the other side with miles of distance behind them. They’re on the side of a mountain, now, fit with wind-swept grass and screaming birds that circle the skies above them. Dean slides off first, a little ungracefully, onto the rocky ground while Cas pauses to murmur something to Zulges.
“C’mon Dean, were you never a kid? Fuck-marry-kill.” Benny clarifies, a hint of a teasing smile gracing his lips.
He’s not stunned at the lack of answer, just let down. It didn’t even sting that much, not like it had. Even though the glimmer of hope he was nursing is tossed into the fire and abandoned to smolder. He doesn’t have time to dwell, returning to the house where his brother is stirring.
The mixology instructor comes around to the different stations with little buckets of ice, but the rest of the supplies they need are spread out in front of them or tucked below in cabinets. Today they’re making three different drinks: a ‘Little Red Rooster’, a ‘White Rabbit’, and a ‘Magic Carpet Ride’ which are apparently based off of Lisa’s favorite drinks, but Dean knows she’d rather be drinking beer. The instructor gives them a quick, regrettably brief, demo on each cocktail and then asks them to recreate the drinks, which Lisa will be sampling and deciding the winner.
“What?” He says, blandly. He tries to ignore how Ketch and Benny are both also looking at him. The former with the same mild annoyance as Micheal and the second with something like alarm. Probably anxious that a fight will break out, Dean thinks.
He doesn’t wait for an answer, the pinching ache behind his eyes and in his neck forbids it, and he staggers out of the room with the faintest acknowledgement that a set of carpet-dampened footsteps paints an echo against his own. He unfastens the latch on the backdoor with as much hesitation, finding purchase on concrete and tilting his head towards the moon as the nighttime breeze leaps at the opportunity to lap up the sweat pooling at the valley of Dean’s back.
Once they’re standing outside of her house Dean turns to Cas, sighing and running a hand through his hair at the exhaustion looming at the edges of the day. The sun is getting closer to the horizon, now, and it does seem to be getting darker outside.
While Bobby heads back to his room to catch a little more shut-eye, Dean and Cas proceed to the kitchen, where Dean fetches a beer in order to calm his swirling storm cloud of emotions. He looks at Cas expectantly, who’s let his guard down, watching the planes of his body as he leans back against the kitchen table in a gesture that is painfully human, “Dean, I’m sorry.”
Dean hates the pleasant fact-of-the-day delivery of Cas’s doings, hates how left-behind he feels, “I could’ve given you a hand, y’know.”
“Guilty. And you’re 99-percent-straight Lafitte?” Dean teases right back, trying to take it in stride. He just didn’t expect to meet somebody so open on the Bachelorette. Besides Sammy, none of Dean’s family had ever expressed any outward acceptance of all that.
Never did Dean intent to bring this conversation out of the plural of Sam and Mary, but his mouth is talking faster than his brain because he’s so desperate to get away from everything. He doesn’t even mean what he’s saying, really, but he lashes out, feral and wild and hurting everything without thought.
Dean can see Cas better, now, the blurriness of his eyes dissipating with his annoyance, and he sees Cas stiffen in the cool, dimmed moonlight, drinking in Cas’s stern features as he says, biting, “I’ve been busy.”
Their date continues as they head to the beach for a cookout, and the whole thing feels like the end of an era. The contestants, Dean included, aren’t as high-strung as they chat and joke with Lisa, building sandcastles and jumping waves and tasting the local food. Everyone buzzes with energy, knowing that this is the last date before the finale and after that, they’d all be going home either single or with a marriage proposal.
Dean hesitantly approaches, even as Zulges lowers his head again so Dean can reach it. Dean’s outstretched hand is apprehensive, like Zulges might decide to go ahead and bite it off, but at last he buries it into the creature’s peculiar fur, finding his eyes fall closed automatically. Images of Dean’s memories flash before his eyes like they’re being gently tugged at with a magnet; he’s able to refuse their pull but he pushes forward the ones surrounding Sam, and Sam’s situation. Strangely, the knot in his chest loosens just a little and he feels a deep sense of compassion radiating from his fingertips to the rest of his body. At the last moment, he hears a grumbly voice echo in his mind, “Okay.”
Ash has been intrigued by their entire interaction, his eyes feasting on Dean and Cas’s faces though he plays it off mild interest, him being the dealer and all. The other players are similarly invested, hoping to see the tension between Cas and Dean come to a head especially because the pot is the largest it's been since the start of the game, each one of them refusing to back down. Ash takes longer than is needed to flip the last card, and everyone leans in to see what it will be.
“Me?” Dean echoes weakly, and the blood in his body starts flooding to the tips of his ears, warming them up to a pink as he remembers what he’d just been up to with equal parts anger and embarrassment, and because he’s just remembered the rules he’s breaking.
“Yeah.” Dean says, and for the moment he sinks down on the outside of his door, masking tape still in hand. He thumbs at the sticky side and thinks about how stupid of a gesture it was, that it still is. He tells himself that his little conversation with Cas was for the best, that now they can both move on and Dean can focus solely on Lisa.
Dean shoves Cas ahead of him, for even with the adrenaline running circles around his brain he remembers he can’t die here like Cas can, but the idea that he’d simply wake up in bed and leave Cas to fight for his life makes Dean push that much harder for their escape. The lich advances on them, and Dean can tell when he’s reached their little slit in the wall whenever a stream of fire licks out from the space next to Dean and brushes up against his arm. He curses and tries to slide faster, even as the rough rock rubs his skin raw and his new burn starts to sting.
“I am the Empty.” The nurse announces, and she punctuates her sentence by making the nurse’s skin ripple with a sea of inky darkness, “And you tricked me.”
He shows his winnings to Cas, his hair sending droplets onto the glossy medical diagrams in Cas’s book which causes Cas to glare. “I’m ecstatic. You can finance the water-damage repairs to my textbook.”
It takes Dean a moment to regain his strength, long enough for his eyes to adjust to the dark of the cave and making him realize it extends much deeper than what was initially apparent at its mouth. As Dean stands he’s thankful that with the pigs gone they’re at least able to ascend the rest of the mountain, and so he says, “Alright, I’m ready. Let’s climb.”
“Wait, you’re a classic rock fan? I never would’ve guessed.” Dean can’t halt his excitement; there’s only a few hallmarks of his character and being a Led Zeppelin fan is one of them.
Cas battles back the remaining skeleton, knocking most of it into one of the pools before he smashes in its skull with his shoe before mumbling a measly, “Thanks.”
Dean yelps at Cas already grabbing him through his pants with one hand and ripping at his shirt with the other, like he can’t get to Dean’s skin fast enough,  and Dean rests his hand atop Cas’s to stall its ascent up the planes of Dean’s stomach, the fabric of his t-shirt twisted in his white-knuckled grip. Cas breaks away from kissing Dean and Dean finds himself already panting, flushed as Cas speaks to him steadily, “Do you want me to stop?”
Cas lifts an eyebrow at him, an expression Dean has never seen on those features before. It makes Dean feel all the more like a stranger is in front of him, “I finished investigating the lich’s tower and managed to piece together a location spell to find him. It seems our magic works here, interestingly enough.”
Cas gives a little nod, an oddly human gesture on the angel, and as soon as the bartender slinks away Dean is leaning in close, letting his outrage seep out all over his tongue as it lashes against Cas’s ear, “What the hell, man? We don’t have time for this shit.”
Dean smiles and taps the neck of his bottle to Cas’s even though it’s the cheesiest thing he’s done to date, “To being friends.”
“Alright.” Dean concedes, beginning to climb the fence. Cas makes a noise of protest but it’s ignored as Dean deposits himself on the other side, giving Cas a mischievous grin.
