It was best not to make too big a deal about it, John decided. He doubted very much whether Sherlock had eaten at all today, he certainly hadn’t eaten breakfast and he had pissed off somewhere else just before lunch, and as far as John was aware, cigarettes and alcohol did not belong to any known food group. It counted as a minor triumph to get Sherlock to agree to eat anything, so there was no way he was going to contradict him.
His stomach felt like a writhing pit of vipers as he leaned forward and pressed his brow against cool metal, half-stripped, naked desire in his veins exposed. He could taste the bitter tang of bile rising in the back of his throat and his mouth filled with water, his fingers clasped and unclasped convulsively around the bag of powder…..
He waited until that last few stragglers staggered out into the night and the lights within went black, until the metal shutters screeched down over the doors and windows, and the bar staff plodded wearily home, until only the threat of hypothermia compelled him to move.
But John was here again, in front of him and he looked so incredibly good. It took all Sherlock’s strength not to march over and take him right there, pushed up against the door…
I must confess I remember little of the rites themselves, just the low droning buzz of the parsons voice as he read the words that would serve to bind us to each other for an eternity, words that the law would censure, words that would condemn us to the hangman’s noose or the pestilential purgatory of a dank filthy cell at Newgate. How was I deemed worthy of this honour, this sacrifice, this depth of devotion, the utter, utter madness of it all? I understood it was no rash choice made in haste at the turn of events which had estranged John from the bosom of his ancestral home and his birthright. No, much truth could be read in the secrecy of his movements over many a month. Afternoons spent without me at his side, the guilt in recent days not from the act of concealment itself, but knowing full well that much of the outlay for this day may have sustained us for many more weeks in the style we had both become accustomed to. But the fortune, such as it was, had gone now, that last of it I’m sure for the carriage that had brought me here. But I wouldn’t have changed this for the world for it stilled the ache in my chest and stifled the cruel voice that plagued me both waking and unconsciously that this was not real after all, however much I willed it so, that Mr V had the right of it and John would never be mine to keep by my side, that it was a lie that I had ever meant the same to him, and he would never want it in the end, want me. And I would not be thwarted, I would not be cast aside and accept my role as mere plaything and whore for men to use for their pleasure. Neither would I be usurped by the pretty feminine wiles thrown in his path time and time again with intent to mock and sneer. There would be no prize for Miss Morstan, not on this day or any hereafter. John was truly mine now.
“What do you mean?......Painful? he was raising his voice now, not out of anger, more out of a need to be heard as his words were swallowed by the drone and whine of a convoy of engines, approaching from the direction of what he remembered as a small town. The first jeep approached, wide tyres kicking up a thick yellow dust as it headed back to base for the remainder of the afternoon.
He took his hand off the handle, and knew he wouldn’t do any of those things tonight, because he didn’t want to. Otherwise why would he have gone off to hide in the kitchen alone? What he wanted was to stay, and see what happened here.
He had tried in vain to change my mind, spending much the journey to Hampstead imploring me to see that Watson could do us great harm if he chose, or could spare his only son and throw me to the wolves without my ever seeing John. But my stubbornness prevailed, and so here we stood, beyond the threshold of John’s ancestral home, waiting for our audience with its master.
“What a sorry sight indeed”, John said, his voice sounding harsh to my sensitive ears, “Champagne Sherlock and a little too much for your first it would appear… you took a little of the opium too, enough to rob you of your senses for a time”, he bent his head as if for a kiss and sniffed at my hair instead. “And you stink of it still…but by god I would still have you”.
He heard the swish and splash of water as Sherlock unfolded himself and stepped over the edge of the tub, so he dug his own nails into the tops of his thighs to quell the overwhelming desire to turn around. But Sherlock didn’t approach the bed where a second towel lay, instead he crossed the room and John heard the lock click.
I closed my eyes and in bowing my head could feel the first prick of hot, traitorous tears behind the lids, the breath shuddered from my chest as I fought against the deep sense of hopelessness that I would ever find another path than the one fate had set my feet upon.
“But why did you decide that time is now? You looked scared to death a couple of hours ago when you thought I was going to molest you in the photocopy room”
“He was er…we…he left earlier…it was just me…on my own” he stuttered in answer, unwillingly to voice his deepest fear, that it was over, they were done.
John heaved a sigh of relief as Sherlock took his hand out of his crotch and sat up, alert in his seat.
“Well, you know, play your cards close to your chest and all that” he shrugged and kept walking and this time it was Sherlock who was trying to keep up. The truth was, that Sherlock’s words had actually struck a cord. He had seen it so many times, here and elsewhere, that if people got the slightest whiff that you thought you could be a bit special at something then there would be a queue of people standing there waiting to beat you down. Sherlock had obviously been born without that particular instinct for self-preservation.
The two cups of coffee kicked in on the walk back down so they parted, Greg walking on while John dipped into the loo’s for a piss, the kick of caffeine making his heart skip a little, a butterfly- flutter in his chest.
“Gentlemen”, Charles began addressing John and I, as the maid filled our glasses with wine, “May I introduce to you Miss Mary Elizabeth Morstan of Pondicherry Lodge, she is staying with my aunt for the summer season in town…”
“Oh okay, little and…lanky?...Nah, forget it, it doesn’t have that same ring to it, does it?...I’m talking shite, I don’t know why….just ignore me….sorry…it’s just…god, I just haven’t seen you in so long”
Sherlock refreshed the page he had been working on and clicked on the Home icon, hissing in surprise and delight at the sight of a bursting inbox. He scrolled through message after message, expression clouding at he quickly assessed and discarded them one by one. John had never seen anyone work so fast, if it was him it would take hours to go through close to a hundred messages. But this was Sherlock, and only he knew what he was looking for.
She felt quite safe with us you see, with the knowledge that we would never seek to take advantage in that way, for despite the reputation and designs of her mistress she was yet a maid, with a sweetheart, the young lad who delivered the coal twice per week and to whom she was secretly betrothed.
“Something like that” he said, almost draining it all on the first sip. He swallowed the mouthful with a grimace and waved the glass for a refill. Another large mouthful and he almost drained the second one too.
“You'll have to hold on a little tighter,” John called back to him. “Come forward a little. Good. That’s it.” Sherlock shuffled closer.  He steeled himself, and dipped his hands beneath John’s jacket, digging his fingers into cool cotton instead of slippery leather to feel the taught muscle underneath. It was just as good as he’d imagined it would be, better even. Sherlock willed himself to relax and breathe. He could do this.  He
“It’s fine”, Sherlock yawned, “I’ve been awake for ages…listen, thanks for letting me stay the night… but I need to go”.
The cab dropped them off in the back lane of a long residential street, cast mostly in darkness save for the street lamps placed at intervals of every ten houses or so. Plenty of shadowy places in which to hide. Sherlock cast around, looking for the most likely meeting place while John climbed out behind him, slamming the door and shouldering his bag with a sigh.
A small tube of lubricant magically appeared in his hand, pressed there by Sherlock who had slipped it into the pocket of the Santa suit this afternoon while bending down. And , fuck, he just had to feel. John lubed up two fingers and teased around Sherlock’s stretched out hole, before slowly sliding them inside, still pleasingly tight and hot, smooth as silk. He practically salivated, imagining that clenching heat around his cock.
Soft lips met rough and slightly chapped, as Greg slipped his tongue inside with a low and needy moan. He tasted of coffee and something sweet, honey perhaps, Mycroft thought as he fisted a handful of thick dark hair, glittering in places with premature grey, the other hand sliding down to that taught, muscular arse, glutes flexing under the thin cotton material of lazy weekend pyjamas. He ground his hips helplessly, bullied into submission by lips and hands and a very prominent erection prodding insistently at his thigh, as they pitched backwards onto the mattress, in a tangle of limbs. The British Government reduced to a quivering state of wanton abandonment by a horny young policeman with the most incredible body Mycroft had ever seen, tight and toned, gently sculpted abdominals, a fuzz of dark prickly hair which set his skin on fire, that incredible arse and a gorgeous long, thick cock.
I saw it, careful not to let my eyes stray further, and nodded my agreement. We were two stories high and the cobbles beneath us were hard and unyielding, a fall could be fatal. I swallowed thickly as John lowered himself carefully over the edge, boots scraping for purchase against the brick whilst the rotten wooden sill crumbled off beneath his fingertips. He swung out a leg and my breath caught in my chest.
It was almost impersonal in its stark appearance. It could have belonged to anyone, so unnaturally neat and tidy, the football posters above the bed hung so straight he must have used a spirit level, books in neat order on a shelf by the desk, but nothing overtly personal, nothing to tell you this space belonged to John Watson. It was obvious why, well to Sherlock anyway. John had switched off when his dad had died, emotionally, apart from the visceral anger that would surface from time to time he’d detached himself, no longer sure what he should do or who he was, scared and confused that he didn’t fit in anymore.
“Don’t know where the fuck you heard that fairytale, nah, just had a few too many, isn’t that right Kate” she shot her friend a pleading look from across the room, backtracking now from her previous words (back to don’t know, won’t say)
“Oh I think we both know I’m too late to do that. I could see it in your eyes as soon as I looked at you, that very first time, with your mouth full of sticky pie…the things you wanted to do to me…filthy things…and I would let you do them all….will let you John”
“Best get it over with soon then”, Sherlock said, rubbing at the top of his arm and then standing up to undo his belt and unabashedly pull his pants and jeans off. John nipped out to the bathroom down the landing and came back with a small damp hand-towel handing it to him so he could clean the worst of the mess off. It would do for now but he’d need a shower later. While he fished for clean clothes John disappeared again, and re-emerged minutes later looking horrified with his zip part way done and the flushed pink cheeks he always had after a quick, hard wank. Not quite the reaction one would expect.
Their paths didn’t cross for the rest of the day, and John was relieved to discover that Sherlock’s appalling attempts at social interaction had been noticed by everyone, not just him. Sherlock avoided everyone apparently, at lunch he had just grabbed another coffee and a handful of biscuits before disappearing off again. Mike said he’d been in the library all afternoon, half-hidden behind a towering pile of ancient Grimoire’s and Lexicon’s.
“Yeah?” John smirked, as he spiked up his hair in his fingers looking in the mirror on the dresser to perfect an effortlessly tousled appearance, “I dunno, I could probably take my pick from all those posh gits in designer suits”.
' though, the piss-taking was already bad enough to be going on with, without adding that little gem to the mix.
John didn’t even know them or know jack-shit about their relationship. He simply could have misjudged things. But John couldn’t shake the fact that this felt wrong, somehow.
“A bit pissy tonight are we Shezza? I’d say you could do wiv a little somethin so you can simmer the fuck down”.
Tonight this old familiar place was filled with many a familiar face from our time here. Old Henry in his perpetual place in the corner of the bar, with a long pipe in one hand and an ever full tankard in the other. He smiled and raised his hand in greeting, a plume of dense grey smoke curling above his head, I waved shyly in acknowledgement and smiled as he gestured to the bar maid Betsy, engaged in the vocal discouragement of a hand upon her arse. The perpetrator looked suitably chastened, as he received a good humoured cuff around the ear. There were groups sat at table playing cards, Cribbage and Poker by the look of it, pushing stacks of ha’penny’s to the centre of the stained wooden table tops. A press of bodies were crammed into every available space between, clutching tankards to their chests while a fragrant fug of tobacco smoke hung over the whole of it like the great smog of London itself.
Sherlock reached for the lube and squeezed some out onto his fingers. He cocked an eyebrow as John frowned at him, “What?”
It was true, even though John hadn’t learnt until his first year at Hogwarts’s having had two Muggle parents, you would think he had been born on a broomstick, outclassing almost all of his peers from day one. He had made Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team in only his third year and If anyone could get Sherlock off solid ground, it would be him.
“Quite” Sherlock smirked, “You’ll have to work on your stamina then, because I plan on having you again…. right now” he reached out his left hand and let his fingers trail slowly up John’s thigh. He jolted with the pure electric shock of it, body responding automatically to the touch like Pavlov’s fucking dog.
“I am aware of that…a mere lapse in judgement on his part, regrettable certainly, but understandable once one is aware of the extenuating circumstances” He shifted into a wide-legged stance, leaning on the tip of his umbrella for balance, “Leave him alone, that is what I want…whatever you did to him almost destroyed him and I will not see my brother come to harm”
He laughed, and I felt that also, in the sweetest vibrations that ran along my back. “In the talent to tease you are unmatched”, he said, “and I cannot but help to imagine the things you may do with those violinists hands if you have the inclination, but alas”, he sighed and drew away, “we have an engagement that we must make ready for… the carriage will call at eight”.
“Oh, is that so?” the bloke smiled, “Treat ‘em mean and keep ‘em keen…bet he’s still yours for the taking though whenever you get the urge, it’s written all over the poor bugger’s face….is he your fall back fuck when there’s no-one else around?”
It was typical that Sherlock would be outside the gym rather than in it he chuckled despite himself. He imagined him in his gym kit, long slim legs in baggy shorts, acres of milky skin on show. Oh god, he needed to stop that train of thought right now, as the image suddenly changed to Sherlock’s firm, lithe limbs wrapped tight around his naked waist.
“Glad to hear it”, she said, “but if that was your only fault we wouldn’t be out here about to have this conversation would we?”
‘And I likewise, but the moment I saw your face I knew that no other would do for me, and now, seeing you here, touching you, kissing you, I know all I need to know, so one final time I ask of you Sherlock, will you come away with me and be mine and mine alone?.’
“Of course not…don’t you think there’s something decidedly strange about letting your child sit in the lap of a sweaty old stranger, who conceals his true identity throughout, while spending the rest of the year warning them not to do things like that?”
Shit, he was only twenty-three, and not quite ready to succumb to the suburban middle-class nightmare. Sherlock doubted he ever would be. John already had, apparently.
“Really? You want me to beg?”. Sherlock was practically bouncing in his lap, bristling with pent-up energy again, mouthing along John’s jawline and neck. His hands froze in the act of unzipping his jeans as he helplessly grasped Sherlock’s slender waist instead.
They shuffled nervously towards the door. Mrs Hudson placed a gentle hand on Sherlock’s arm to hold him back and John glanced at them both questioningly.
“Oh god Sherlock, I want you so much “ Victor panted raggedly into his skin, in a similar heightened state as he mouthed hungrily at Sherlock’s neck and jaw, licking, nipping and sucking all the way. Oh god, it felt so good…why did it have to feel so fucking good? he thought as he tilted his head back and groaned, pulling Victor closer, feeling the drag of friction through his tight denim jeans as his hips rocked forward, instinctively seeking more. Victor pressed back, hot and hard , sucking hungrily on fevered skin, a harsh burning pain as he felt the bruise form, fading to warm liquid heat which flowed down his body, pooling hotly in his groin His eager cock throbbed, trapped against the confines of his clothes, desperate for more now, wanting skin on bare skin, an overwhelming need to touch and feel as he dared to palm Victor’s straining prick, sliding his pants down to the floor.
Mycroft ran his two perfectly manicured hands down his thighs to smooth the already flawless dark grey wool and glared up at John through hooded lids.
“Well Sherlock obviously didn’t….find it hard to swallow that is…kudos on the deep-throat mate, you’re a bloody blow-job savant”
I must confess it made my stomach turn in a most unpleasant manner, that anyone should think it fit to lay their hands upon him in so obvious a way. It was the first prick of jealousy, the first realisation that others would covet what I believed to be mine. But John was quick to explain, seeing my displeasure, that the clothes we sought were for me, his cousin, not him. The tailor then turned his attention to me and exclaimed that I was the most handsome young man he had seen in many a year and it would be his pleasure to fit me out.
“Just stick together this time, whatever you decide to do, don’t let him go off on his own again, he’s a fucking magnet for trouble, that kid…”
It was 8am and Sherlock shivered slightly in the early morning air. A typical autumn day in London, cloudy and grey.
He shifted his weight from the right to the left leg and winced. Evidently the beer had decided to bypass his dodgy stomach completely and head straight for his bladder, the persistent ache changing quickly to just the wrong side of painful, the type of feeling that once it makes its presence known you can’t un-notice it again. Feeling like the worst kind of hypocrite he dumped the empty bottle in the kitchen sink and went stumbling off in search of a toilet, swaying as he went and occasionally bouncing off walls, obviously a lot drunker than he’d thought he was.
Sherlock lit another cigarette, nerves, John suspected, he needed to occupy his fidgeting hands, he could understand that.
John cringed inwardly, knowing that this last plea for sanity had hit an all-time low. Sherlock, it seemed, agreed wholeheartedly.
He turned to Sherlock and the laughter died out as he searched his face for god knows what before pushing him back against a stack of hay bales and pressing his lips roughly against Sherlock’s mouth.
I shifted a little, enough to dislodge myself from beneath John’s sleeping form and roll to the side of the bed where a pitcher of water had been placed on the chair by its side. I could not see a cup and so I raised myself to sitting and placing the spout at my lips I tipped it and poured. Some went in my mouth, most refreshing as far as it went, parched as I was, the rest trickled down my chest and soaked into the sheets that were rucked around my hips making me curse and shiver. A shirt still lay discarded on the floor, mine most likely, and so I caught it up and dabbed at my skin to dry up the mess I had made.
He looked around wildly. He couldn’t go in all guns blazing, the gut would kill him, and in the time it took to rush him he might hurt Sherlock. He could have a knife for fuck’s sake (he remembered the flash of silver skidding across the alley between his legs only last night – was it only last night?)
Sherlock continued along at exactly the same pace, head in his book, unhurried, content to bide his time.
“Shouldn’t we move or something, I feel a bit conspicuous standing here” John shuffled uncomfortably, nudging at Sherlock’s arm.
I had grown tall over the summer months, my complexion fair and unblemished still, my body slight in appearance, but strong. But mama’s pride and joy had always been my hair, a cascade of soft ebony waves, framing my narrow blue eyes.
John and Sherlock leave the party early to check out each others junk -(this somehow turned into porn with feels woops!)
Why did I not leave you say? As surely the true nature of my gilded cage had now been laid before me as was the intentions of my supposed guardian? I can think of no reason other than that I remained a penniless orphan, new to London and with nowhere else to go.
Sherlock hated himself a little more with every step he took towards his destination, rubber soles dragging along the ground, hands shoved down firmly into pockets, body tense with anticipation. He licked his lips, tongue and teeth drawing over the soft flesh, longing for the taste of John’s mouth on his again, sweet warm breath, blue eyes dark with want for him, Sherlock. It was unforgiveable, what he had just done, left him, standing on an unfamiliar street in South London, with not even a proper parting, while he conspired to deceive him yet again, pouring lie upon lie, until he couldn’t remember what John actually knew and what remained hidden.
I brushed my fingers lightly across his cheek and pressed a swift, dry kiss at the corner of his mouth. John blinked at me in the half-light, his brow creased in thought. He opened his mouth and drew a breath as if to speak again but then he turned away from me instead, and made his way towards the tall wooden gates pulled closed to conceal our illicit assignation.
“I love touching my cock Sir, just like this, but teacher said it’s dirty….. that I’m a dirty, filthy boy” he breathed, tongue flicking over that plump bottom lip coquettishly as he peered shyly through lowered lashes.
The entire world narrowed down to one fixed point, Sherlock. He tasted like lemonade and gingerbread as John tasted around his mouth, licking and nibbling , tangled together, too hard then too soft, teeth clashing together and biting down on tender flesh as they competed for dominance.
John caught him around the waist and stared into his eyes with a burning intensity which made his breath catch. He pulled Sherlock forward, fingers toying with the buckle on his jeans, just resting there gauging the reaction first before shoving two fingers down hard past the denim barrier and pressing them into the base of his cock. Sherlock jerked and then settled, pushing back into the pressure and sliding his left hand around John’s back while he unpicked the buttons of his shirt with the other.
“That barely makes sense” he had scoffed even as the words burned inside his head, “have you looked at it yet…what is it, more pictures?”
John lunged, and grabbed Sherlock around the waist, tipping them backwards off the bench into a drift of snow. Sherlock grunted and spluttered, splayed out on the ground beside him, snow in his hair and on his face, while John was half buried in a deeper pile, uncomfortably wet as it seeped under his coat.
people whether they wanted him to or not. He knew had no right to question Sherlock this way and make it sound like an
‘What are you doing Tom?’ I whispered as a warm firm palm wrapped around my cock and began to move, coaxing it to hardness.
“Why the hell didn’t you phone to say you were going to be late back, poor Mike turned up on his own, that’s so ill-mannered John”
The bed shifted slightly above them and Harriet looked at him with wide, pleading eyes. He shook his head and held his breath, willing the frail body to just lie still for a few more minutes, and then surely they would be gone.
“Then you are a fool”, I ventured, as I tried to sit, and the room turned over upon its end. I promptly lay back down again moaning softly in self-pity and discomfort. I wondered where he had been, feeling shame that in my insensible state I had not heard him leave. But he made no move to tell me, and so I struggled to sit once more, the sheets falling down from my naked body, and John, unconcerned, threw my night-shirt at my head, a garment wholly unfamiliar in all the days I had slept here.
“And you can just keep you smart mouth shut from now on, you cocky little shit, because that’s what got you into this mess isn’t it? Now hurry the fuck up!”
“Yeah well, Frank’s boys sorted it out, they shouldn’t come in to our club like they own the place then, should they?”
“My father requests that I pay him a visit, he will send a carriage this evening. He wishes to discuss our mutual interest, as he does so love to call it”.
He woke with a start at around three in the morning after a restless, unsatisfying dose, blinking in the darkness with no idea what had snapped him back to consciousness so abruptly. He untangled his sweaty limbs from the sheets and sat up. The room seemed unnaturally quiet.
“You on your knees with your arse in the air”, he said with a slight grimace at the feel of the cooling sticky mess slowly seeping through the front of his jeans, Christ it was ages since that had happened, a direct reflection of John’s undeniable hotness, and the fact that now he was emotional wreck.
Just knowing what this slutty little elf had done was enough to undo the last of his resolve. He gave in, and crushed their mouths together in a bruising kiss. Sherlock smiled against his mouth and parted his soft, full lips, working his tongue inside with evil intent, licking and stroking and orally fucking him until John was helplessly gasping for breath, arms pinned to his sides by Sherlock’s slender hands.
Our new abode was a town house of significant size on a quiet square, divided into several private dwellings, rented by the room. We ourselves were to take two rooms on the second floor, which for proprieties sake had an adjoining door between them and a closet to share. The price was set at half a guinea a week which John made all assurance that his allowance would amply cover, and laundry was to be extra as was the service of our new landlady’s own personal maid to attend to our needs and wait on us, if we should wish it so.
“Sherlock…we can’t get any closer, not with what you’ve got stashed in your pocket, think about it, if anybody recognises you it’s sod’s law that they’ll do a stop and search…you know,
Victor looked into his eyes with a steady gaze, as if happy with the reaction the slightest touch had caused
John scrubbed a hand through his hair, feeling more than a little self-conscious. The effect Sherlock had on him was devastating. All he had to do was turn those piercing blue eyes on John and talk in that damn, deep sexy rumble he had going on, and his stomach would flip over like he’d missed a few steps on his way down a flight of stairs. It was beyond ridiculous. But this could be his only chance. Sherlock could lose interest and walk away any second now, or worse still, head back inside the school and wait for Victor to take him home in his stupid, fuck-off, shag-mobile. John tried to find the right words. Hadn’t it all been leading to this – the chance to talk to him alone, away from prying eyes. He couldn’t mess this up, it had to be worth one last try.
He climbed out of bed then, dropping a quick kiss to Sherlock’s head and padded to his chest of drawers, pulled out a pair of old blue striped pyjama pants and pulled them on. “How about a tea before you scarper….or I could drop you if you want, I have to pass the University I think, for work….”
He smothered my shame with kisses and sweet words, drawing my hand down to his answering hardness to gently curl around it, sliding up and down the length in tandem with his own. He was hot and throbbing beneath my fingertips moving himself with such rapid a friction that my hand was soon clammy with the first of his release, the fur-covered ball-sack slapping against my thigh heavy with its hidden treasure. And in those final passionate throes as his body jerked and his cock splashed hotly on my naked skin, the first sparks were ignited, the first ideas of pollution to my impressionable mind that acquaintance such as this with the worst of our own sex can be as fatal to innocence as any seductions by the other.
“You’re seduction technique leaves a lot to be desired, is that all I am to you? A cute little fuck-toy for the night?”
Victor glanced around nervously, listening intently for any lull in the conversation around them. There was none. He continued.
“You’re fucking rude do you know that?” John bristled beside him. This was nothing, Sherlock had been called far, far worse in his time.
It was Monday morning around ten a.m as John paced nervously on the pavement outside the school gates.
Sherlock looked up at the vast Georgian building in front of him. He leapt up the steps two at a time, trying not to think too hard about what he was about to do and guilt-trip himself out of this.
“Just eat the damn chips Sherlock” John growled, stabbing a steaming slice of potato with a tiny wooden fork
John winked at me to temper the crude image of debauchery he painted with an air of playfulness. They were words, designed to disguise the heart of him which I knew to be mine should I want it. And it was so.
My breath caught in my throat for I knew what this was about. I had heard tell of course, of such things as are whispered in dark rooms and secret places, brought to prominence of late with a spate of raids by the Bow Street Runners; I had read the reports of arrests and prosecutions in the broadsheets on a near daily basis. My stomach fluttered nervously as the magnitude of what was proposed took root inside my breast.
“Oh now Sherlock, it’s about so much more than fun, we both know that, don’t we?, we would make an incredible….partnership, you and I, we’d have them queuing all the way to France” her laugh was soft and musical.
“Really? It couldn’t have happened to a nicer pair…puts them in a bit of a difficult position for the next Quidditch game then?”
My fair companions however, some of whom had observed much of our little conversation came over in a bluster of excitement on his departure.
But I knew Tom was wrong, there was everything still to be done. John could not be gone. He could not! He curled an arm about my waist and I sagged against his side, letting myself be led from the room and out of that wretched house into the daylight.
‘Will the work be very hard Irene?, I have little to offer but my mind’ I asked, shielded from the fate that was soon to befall me by my youthful innocence.
Sherlock started in surprise at John’s worried voice and propped himself up on his elbow, face creased with concern. He wasn’t entirely sure what John was getting at, but hoped it had nothing to do with regret. Deep blue eyes gazed up at him sheepishly.
Sherlock runs away in the middle of a snowstorm and John will tear his world apart to get him back home.
A large white rental van pulled around the corner, gliding to a halt by the kerbside of the hateful suburban house. John jumped out and swept around to the passenger door, acting the part of the perfect gentleman as he dutifully held it open for his blushing bride. Well, that might have overstated the point somewhat, as the current Mrs Watson was the wrong side of forty, shorter than John with long dark hair and was about twenty pounds overweight for her height with generous hips and full luscious breasts.
“Just coke” Sherlock muttered, shooting John a wary glance as Glen rummaged in an inner compartment.
He ran his hands down over his face in frustration but when he looked up to ask where this meeting place was, something he couldn’t bare to believe he didn’t already know, Billy had already gone.
“But she didn’t have anything to do with that I proved as much and….I proved…”he trailed off as his own words brought the truth crashing down. “I proved it…but I wasn’t there, not this time, there was no-one else on her side”
- A gold guinea was worth £1.00 sterling, or around 20 shillings, and if you consider that the average wage of a housemaid like Sarah was around £6-£8 per YEAR, one guinea would have been worth a least a couple of months wages to her.
Sherlock Holmes drifted slowly into consciousness, yawned widely and rubbed at his sleep-closed eyes. Orange light danced behind hid lids, fused with black spots as he squinted and blinked. He was currently lying on an old olive green leather sofa, night-damp skin adhering slightly to the surface. He wiggled slightly and his back came unstuck with a clammy pop. His right leg was currently resting between two strong muscular thighs, fuzzy with dark blond hair, his right arm draped around a slim, firm waist, fingers entwined in a vice-grip with another smaller hand. He was naked, very naked, they both were, this revelation entering his frontal lobe and sparking the necessary synapses to elicit a very particular response.
“How about this then” she smiles “A new game…I want to see you kiss the object of your fantasies…tonight…because he will be there…that’s why you’re so reluctant to go, am I right?”
“Relax for fuck’s sake, I’m not in uniform, and it’s not as if I haven’t twatted a few toffee-nosed gits in my time you know? Anyway, I hear the fucker had it coming all night, I’m only surprised Sherlock didn’t get one in first, you wouldn’t think it to look at the skinny git, but he’s like a fucking rabid dog in a fight. Pray you never witness that mind, because it ain’t pretty”.
“Well in that case, I reckon Sherlock should steal you away from that other lot more often then. Do you know Sherlock,” John’s dad swung around to face Sherlock instead, “he’s an absolute bloody nightmare the day after a Friday night out. Sits wrapped up in a duvet on the sofa all day, whinging about his head and eating crap, worse than Harry when she’s on her….”
Christmas shopping my arse, he thought, more like Christmas shagging after a cheap bottle of wine at Malcom’s sad bachelor pad. He sighed, knowing it could be a hell of a lot worse, at least this one had a job and a car, and bonus, he wasn’t another homophobic arsehole, even siding with John after the last time he and mum had had ‘the talk’ about Sherlock staying over in his room.
“John Watson is living a lie” said a voice by his ear, “married, a pretty little wife, but desperately lonely and craving something…….someone… more, can you guess who that is?”
He hoped anyway. It depended on who was in charge. It would all be so much easier once Greg made D.I, then Sherlock could access as many crime scenes as he would want, and waiting was tedious.
“And why the fuck do we still have clothes on?” he added with a huff, dragging John’s t-shirt over his head and yanking down his bottoms impatiently.
“Doesn’t it? He just kissed you in front of a roomful of people…how much more evidence do you want? Or wasn’t the neckfull of hickey’s enough?”
He tried to picture Sherlock in green tights with a little pointy red hat on his head, the standard elf costume this year. The girls just about got away with it, with the little sexy skirt, but the boy-elves just looked like massive prats.
The only light in the small dingy space came from a yellowing candle set on an old, cracked china plate. Sherlock was curled on an old sagging mattress, back to the open door with a fluffy wool jumper folded as a makeshift pillow shoved beneath his head. One of John’s, though god knows when he had nicked that one, it was one his favourites and he hadn’t even missed it, although Sherlock had told him on more than one occasion that it made him look like a furry dwarf. The lying little bastard.
John paused. Of course Mike would know. He’d never been out as such back then, but he’d always had what you might call an equal opportunities policy when it came to a nice body.
“Get me to that room before I fucking come in my pants” Sherlock hissed through his teeth, jaw clenched in pained concentration, “John Watson you are an utter, utter bastard”.
The bedroom door creaked open on old tarnished hinges, momentarily breaking through his introspective thoughts, the cool puff of air carrying with it the alluring scent of fresh ground coffee, hot buttered toast and, unmistakeably, Greg Lestrade.
“Damn the sun, for it is much too bright”, I croaked out in a voice that was not my own, rasping and rough from bile and smoke alike and rendered even deeper than was usual. For I knew what I had done, what I’d put us both through, my transgression the worse for doubting his constancy in a moment of madness and insecurity.
“Drink up mate” Greg peered at him through the crack in the door, looking completely unconcerned “We’ve all been there…I actually did piss myself once, walking home one night…all that cold air and wham…wet denim, not good”
He should have guessed. This was the boy who knew John had been tracking him on Oxford Street today without even turning around.
Sherlock turned his back and paced carefully into the shadows. Brushing his hand along the wall he found the switch he wanted and flipped it on. Strings of fairy lights illuminated the space like tiny stars, draped over every available surface. This was clearly Sherlock’s place, the one space in the world he’d said that was truly his. Everything that was here said something about him and meant something to him.
“Hey, just watch him with that, looks like he’s well in need of a hit and I don’t want an o.d on my conscience okay?” he glared at John
“It’s also a serious criminal offence” said Sherlock drily, “But I’m still fucking doing it. You heard what’s in store for her husband Frank? Do you think people like that would just let her go on her merry little way after offing her husband? We have to at least warn her, if it’s not already too late” he eyed the dark, silent house warily.
“I was reading a book behind the sofa in the study and you were there, with Miles, your friend and you kissed him…down there…on his cock”
“Ah right…er…sorry mate, I won’t even ask” Mike looked away nervously, not wanting to push him to explain “…but shit John, did you call the police? Whoever that was gave you a right good kicking, you look a fucking mess”
John dipped down between his spread thighs, tracing a warm calloused finger down his crack to his hole, already slick with lube.
“Well” Sherlock heaved a sigh “You’re going to stand there and freeze your bollocks off while I humiliate myself”
Sherlock just nodded. “He’s just red, and the hair under his chin looks a bit like a beard, what you said sounded much better….do you want to be friends?”
He turned the key in the ignition and prepared to pull out. It came out of nowhere, sailing down the disabled ramp, a lone trolley hurtled into his path, driven by two little shits, one sitting in the basket and the other hanging off the back, feet raised off the ground. He cursed and swerved, clipping the front edge which sent it spinning like a fairground Waltzer straight into a concrete bollard where it stuttered to a halt, the two kids jumped out, unscathed and ran off while the car careened on, smashing into a low brick wall.
I could not say why I felt such creeping anxiety. The secrets, John’s distant behaviour, and he had, I recalled spent much time away ‘on matters of business’ since his exile from the family fold. My work had consumed me, and I was aware that many hours could pass in which time I would not stir, silent, locked inside myself, shutting him out when he needed me most; and he was much too proud to ask for my comfort. I could not work it out, and so I turned to Tom instead. “I never knew you were a horseman Tom?”
“See…I knew I could make you beg for it…I would ask you to tell me what you would like me to do to you…but here’s what’s going to happen Sherlock…you’re just going to take it. Whatever. I. Want.” Each word punctuated as he ground down. He pulled away again, Sherlock almost sobbing with frustration.
Wow, was all he could think, unhelpfully. But she was right though, he might as well just give up now, cause those kids, either of them, were never going to give him the time of day, he may as well go home and wank, probably over images of the two, dancing, grinding up against each in the middle of a sweaty club with John wishing he was sandwiched in between in a three-way.
“When you’re done there lad, madam said to go to master Sherlock’s room for some of his old things to wear. Mrs Turner is drying your stuff as fast as she can in front of the fire, but it might not be ready in time…it’s just next door but one” the young maid smiled shyly from the doorway as he broke the surface again and swiped the water from his eyes.
Keen, intelligent eyes met my own and he sighed, but gave no further indication of being perturbed by our display. He knew we were not cousins, there was no familial connection at all, which made his reaction all the more remarkable, and him being a Constable made it more so. Lestrade was an enigma indeed.
“In polite circles I think you would call it a relapse” he said shakily, shivering a little as the heat from the shower ebbed away, leaving the room unpleasantly cool. “Besides, I always was a fucked-up mess, I just hid it well”.
“Thank the lord!” Mr Oxley cried, “And my apologies in advance lads, even as I am most humbly honoured and all that to witness this glorious joining and whatnot….but can we make it snappy like, just in cases”. He cast a nervous glance at the door.
“Not really….a massive bonfire tends to sort that out….no, it’s rather the thought of picking sand out the crack of my arse for the next fortnight that’s lacking a certain appeal. However, I could be persuaded…in the right company”
John was silent too, but Sherlock caught him out of the corner of his eye, staring at him too from time to time.
Sherlock spat into a tissue and dabbed at the dried, crusty blood on his nose and face. He had just wanked his ex for god’s sake, came here and fucking begged for it, or as good as, and Victor had only been too eager to oblige. If his nose hadn’t bled he would probably have fucked the bastard too, if Victor even took it up the arse that is, Sherlock didn’t even know.
John felt the rising tide of anger, bubbling within his chest. How dare she talk about Sherlock like that, address him as ‘that boy’ when they had been in each other’s pockets for the last five years.
“Holy Shit” he clawed at the air, desperate for something to grab as Sherlock reached forward and let the weight of him rest in the palm of his hand, before curling it round to steady him for the next, exploratory touch.
“Something happened…” Sherlock started, but the words seemed to stick in the back of his throat as he thought of the events that had led him here. No. he hadn’t come here to think, he had come to forget.
At least Sherlock hadn’t fucked him, although there was that one birthday party when he sucked someone’s cock and he still, irritatingly, couldn’t remember who it was – it was dark and he had definitely been high that night.
Sherlock closed his eyes and braced in anticipation as Greg Lestrade drew his foot back, and three months of the most intense and torturous period of sexual frustration found its release, as he finally stuck the boot in like a fucking nuclear bomb.
Sarah tapped on the door, waiting patiently for my answer before she turned the handle and answered. She tsked at the mess with her customary disapproval, but did not baulk for a second at my obvious state of undress for we had been caught in positions far more compromising than a mere lack of clothing by now. She carried two clean towels draped over her arm and a fresh new bar of lavender soap.
As he talked, he slowly stripped off his clothes, t-shirt, toed off his shoes, pulled off socks, jeans, boxers, tossing each item carelessly aside, scattering them around the room, until he stood, like a white marble statue on the bare wooden floor, cock dark and erect against his pale abdomen. He held out his hand, beckoning. John pulled his own t-shirt over his head and let it fall from his hand to the dusty kitchen tiles. He stepped forward and they walked across the room together, naked, to the old leather sofa.
“No I don’t think so….maybe…it doesn’t matter anyhow…it’s not as if you can put a baby in my belly doing that”
“Open the fucking door” he snapped impatiently, pressing the buzzer in a rapid repetitive beat specifically calculated to annoy the shit out of anyone inside. The intercom crackled to his left and a soft voice, tired and disoriented with sleep breathed out in static bursts.
“And from you, that’s actually a compliment isn’t it? John smiled, the crinkly one, it made the knawing ache inside Sherlock’s chest ease just a little.
“You are fucking filthy John Watson… I love it!” Sherlock whispered hoarsely as he climbed off John’s lap, releasing the pressure on his cock.
The track led as Sherlock had said, to a small copse of trees packed tight together, and a little further still, there was the break, just where Sherlock said it would be. John swung right into the clearing relieved to have finally arrived, and brought the bike to a smooth controlled stop in a patch of stubby grass. He cut the engine, and peered into the utter dark that surrounded them. After the noise of the road and the engine for close to three miles the silence seemed absolute. John gave an involuntary shiver which had little to do with the cold wet denim currently clinging to his shins.
What he needed right now was someone who knew what they wanted. And he was tired of all the pathetic boys his age who hadn’t the slightest clue what they were doing. Jesus, you would hardly think they had the same functioning equipment between their legs , because their knowledge of the male erection was sadly lacking if the sloppy wet blowjobs he’d had the misfortune to experience of late had been anything to go by.
“I am not in the habit of saying things I don’t mean, and just in case you were wondering, I was in full charge of all my faculties when I made that declaration…just so you know…I wasn’t high at the time and I’m not now” Sherlock sucked in a breath, carefully watching every line and furrow on John’s face, picking his every reaction apart, “ and just to clarify” he said as he shuffled out from underneath him and pushed himself up from the floor, “I’ve never actually said it before, not to anyone…just in case you were wondering….only you John”.
“It is my grandmother,” he said at last, with a sigh, “She is taken gravely ill and asks that I go to her.” He crumpled the letter in his fist. “If she…,” he started, searching for a way to continue, eyes darting, “If she dies Sherlock, before I see her….if I thought for one second that I have been the cause of this….”
“It is the case,” I said, nestling my head in the crook of his neck. He arched back a little, and wrapped his arms tight about my waist. Softly, gently, he stroked at the curls about my nape, my skin tingled at the touch, a warmth spreading out to envelop me as he gently traced the line of my jaw, the thumb brushing along the fullness of my lips. I let out a soft sigh of contentment and rocked forward, pressing my mouth to his, almost chaste.
John approached me glass in hand and stood before my chair disconsolate. He swallowed the dregs of ruby liquid and set it down upon the mantel at his side with a sigh.
“Fucking hell Myc, remind me why we couldn’t do this last night” Greg rasped, moving down to unfasten wool trousers, uncomfortably tight and tented at the groin, as Mycroft tilted his hips to push them down. He gasped in surprise as Greg mouthed at his aching prick through soft blue silk, leaving dampened patches which adhered slightly to his overheated skin.
John flipped him off good naturedly and stood watching long after the taxi had moved out of sight.. His stomach clenched, every time Sherlock left he had the inexplicable feeling he might never see him again, that holding on to him was like trying to hold smoke in his hands.
Sherlock scowled as Mycroft levelled his gaze at him, evidently enjoying every agonizing minute as Sherlock desperately willed his cock to just stop thinking about John and cashmere sweaters and nipples…oh for fuck’s sake.
“Ah yes, the Lancashire Holmes’…I heard tell of it at the Assembly Rooms, a very sad business after losing the family fortune too. I knew your mother boy, when she came out as a debutante, a very great beauty, I see the resemblance…I never cared for your father much, he was much too fond of the gin and the cards, even then, small wonder that he lost it all”.
“I am so, so sorry,” John spluttered as he pulled the door closed with a click. He dropped Sherlock’s wrist again. “My dad can be a bit…he just takes the piss…constantly. Thinks it’s funny. But, yeah, I’m sure he didn’t mean anything by it…he meant the bike…that’s why he said safety…you know that, right?”
John looked shocked and I hastened to reassure there was no duplicity at play, “William is my given name, Sherlock comes after, and Mycroft has a second name of Sherringford”.
He blinked, and two ghostly Sherlock’s, both with cute little crinkles across the bridge of their noses, blended back into one.
If only he had had time to mark Sherlock up a bit, then Victor twat-face Trevor would know he was strictly off-limits.
“What? No! Oh shit…pardon me for having a sex life…wear the fucking earplugs if you find it that offensive….dear me Greg, was that the sound of you sad-wanking?”.
“ There’s nothing else to see here”, John continued, “you saw the crime scene photographs, although god knows how you pulled that one off, other than that D.I thinking the sun shines out of your arse”.
John rolled off the mattress and sat up to rub the crusts from his gritty eyes. He hadn’t slept well ,it had been too cold, only managing to fall into a fitful slumber some time around dawn. Harry stirred beside him, it would have done her good to have a little more sleep perhaps, maybe on Sunday they could do that, but she had to work today and would have to get up now. John sighed heavily, if he didn’t get that money today they wouldn’t be here on Sunday anyway. There was nothing for breakfast, so they assuaged their knawing hunger with some boiled water instead.
John had felt it creeping up. Being in the same room as Sherlock made his heart beat out of his chest like he had just run a bloody marathon, and tonight, in the hallway, that familiar scent of strawberries in his hair and that bloody expensive aftershave that John could never pronounce had made John want to do things to him, right then and there, but instead he had called him ‘squirt’ as if Sherlock was still a little kid and not all tall and gorgeous and fucking outright sexy with those razor-sharp cheekbones and the collar turned up on his coat.
As they stepped out into the cold night air it seemed like half the student body were all headed the same way as them, to the large red brick Union building at the centre of a grassy square. John knew it was cheaper than the bars in town and with a decent party atmosphere too (and safer a traitorous voice whispered in his head, remembering the beating from last weekend), but the real reason for this choice of venue was soon made abundantly clear. After the madness of fresher’s week, Friday night was now officially band night.
“Are you happy there Tom?” He sighed and took my hand in his. “It’s warm, it’s dry, there’s food on the table and a bed of my own. I don’t suffer just any man now, most are kind some just lonely, many are rich truth be told. That’s enough to be going on with for now….”
The thought of coming inside Sherlock’s body made John feel light-headed and shaky, like he’d just gorged on sugar for a week, his pulse racing abnormally fast, unable to process what he was being asked, being allowed to do. He kissed the dip between Sherlock’s shoulder blades reverently, moving up to nip and suck at the soft pale skin of his neck.
“Well do that….not in front of me…whatever gets you through this, but that doesn’t mean I’m okay with it Sherlock, cause I’m not…I’m fucking furious…so what now?” he added nervously as Sherlock calmly handed him the half-full beaker before sinking to his knees and vomiting messily into the toilet, hands clenched around the cold white porcelain. He lifted his head with a grimace and wiped the back of his hand across his mouth.
“Ah, it’s a bit….technical…suffice to say Isaac was in your immediate present and this is a version of the past….it’s time to go now John, there’s nothing more to be done here…."
The hot spray was amazing as the heat worked its way into all his muscles and bones, making him feel loose and warm, and he felt almost normal again for the first time in days. This was good, he could do this, suddenly the prospect of a night out with the lads seemed very close to… fun. When the hell was the last time he had just cut loose and had a good time? Probably Saturday before it all went to hell if he was being honest and Sherlock had just looked so damn good that night.
Oh god, so that’s what he had in mind. He shook his arm free and made to turn around, the lube and condoms stashed away in Sherlock’s drawer.
He groaned in frustration as Sherlock continued to tease, stripping off his top-half to expose a long expanse of milky white skin, nipples already hard with lust as he dragged John’s head down to lick them, pulling his hair, hard enough to make John’s eyes water as he sucked at the puckered skin and pulled gently with his teeth. First one then the other until Sherlock was a panting, boneless mess.
“The truth then,” he crowed, “You wish to fleece him of more coin with your filthy whore’s tricks! I would see you in hell before you touch my son again, slut. You will not see him, fool that he is. I bid you both leave.” He was red about the face and neck by this time, and thick veins bulged out at his temples.
“We just broke into a house, and are eating dinner in a flat we shouldn’t be in, and your mind immediately turns to sex?” he blurted out.
“Not so cocky now are you?” he continued, knowing full well the effect his words were having on both of them, a dangerous game they both had become frighteningly good at playing of late. “Do you like to touch Sherlock? Did you enjoy it…sliding those beautiful hands up and down someone else’s prick? Did he scream?…. did he moan Sherlock?….when he shot his load all over your pretty fingers?”
(No need for Greg to know they broke into a house on Baker Street and christened the leather sofa with their bodily fluids)
John smiles softly and tips up Sherlock’s chin. He takes another drag and presses their parted lips together, exhaling into Sherlock’s mouth.
John squeezed my hand lightly, and smiled in encouragement, “To have your hand is all that I’d hoped for.” He pressed his palm into mine and wound our fingers together. “Please do not feel that you need speak further, that you stand by my side is all that I could ask or could want.”
‘Give me the day then’, said John, moving to stand defiantly at my side, ‘to settle on another lodging, where Sherlock will be safe, for I have yet some business to settle on his account across town’.
“I don’t know Sherlock…I’ve told you…I can’t just spring it on her and be like –‘hey mum, by the way that noise you might here in the night is your son being fucked up the arse by his seventeen year old gay boyfriend’, she might pass out or something”.
“Well you’re fucking drunk Victor” he snapped, in irritation and fear “ I can smell it on your breath…at least four…no…five… rather generous measures of single malt, the good stuff that Daddy buys…but you didn’t buy it yourself, did you... you just nicked a bottle from his house instead, oh and that bloke you slept with three nights ago hasn’t called you back since has he?…got a very distinctive cologne, only available on import, I could smell it on your skin, and that’s because you haven’t even bothered to change your fucking sheets!”
He grasped two bony hips to thrust himself up as best he could while Sherlock rode his cock, thighs flexing as he pumped up and down, John scrabbling for purchase with his boots as his velvet clad arse slipped and slid on the PVC- clad Santa’s throne. Sherlock’s long prick bobbed between them in counterpoint to every thrust as they grunted and panted and mercilessly fucked, plundering Sherlock’s arse like the precious treasure that it was.
Sherlock bucked back slightly against his hand, and who was he to argue, with a debauched and naked elf squirming all over his lap?
Hiding behind a car was bound to call unwanted attention if they lingered much longer, anyway, so Sherlock pushed up from his crouched position on the pavement’s edge. He was just about to move off, to blend with the other nosy residents behind the police lines when John placed a warning hand on his arm to stop him.
John was gone half the day, returning as the lamp-lighters began to make their rounds, room bathed in a strange half-light as I had yet to rise and light the candles, for it was something we had always done together. I was filled with a grinding impatience, as the passage of time had done little to ease the uncertainty and fear that had made a place inside me. But all was dispelled at the sight of his face as he burst into the room and caught me up in a most tight embrace, laughing joyfully. Any reproach for his long absence died upon my lips as he kissed away the last remaining shreds of doubt.
“Too young”, I mused, turning the page with an impatient snap. “Although I may offer my services as an independent consultant…. what say you? I looked up absently then, to see his reaction to my words said in jest, until I realised he was poised to leave, alone. I put down my papers, and made to rise. “Where are you going?” Skilfully ignoring the question he had earlier asked, not wanting to admit I had made no further progress in the quest to find my brother. He knew this of course, the question a mere politeness, words to fill the silence, but there was something in his tone which made my stomach clench in a most disconcerting way.
“And as for what I am doing right now, I would have thought that was obvious Mycroft dear, would you like to have a lick?” Sherlock smirked suggestively, drawing the spoon from his lips.
“Oh yeah? Nice try kid, but not according to tonight’s live footage…quite the little sex-show I think…suck on all your friends necks like that do you kid? Or only the very special kind?"
I settled back against the cool worn leather of the carriage seat and watched, still breathless from my exertion as John placed my trunk upon the rack above our heads so we would have the whole seat to ourselves. The muscles in his arms flexed as he hefted the weight and I though with a blush of those same limbs circled around my body as he had held me tightly not an hour before.
“Fuck off Victor you love it really, just think you could be playing monopoly in the common room or sneaking a smoke out the dorm room window, I here I am offering adventure and excitement and the high possibility of a fuck with a good looking random”.
“Will he expose us, do you think?” he mused, as he dipped a finger into the honey and stuck out his tongue to lap at the thick sweet globules that cascaded down.
With no idea what to do he simply copied John’s every move, flicking his own tongue out to tangle with John’s and using his teeth to delicately nip at John’s lips. This made John moan and push their bodies together, connecting them almost from head to toe.
The beds we resolved to make use of in an alternating fashion so as not to arouse suspicion amongst our fellows or to alarm the young maid should she happen upon us, but I would not sleep separate on any account, the need for his warm naked body as vital to me now as water and air.
“Yeah but if you got caught the entire House suffers, we’ll get docked a shit-load of Championship points, and we’re currently a hundred and fifty up”
“I didn’t” Sherlock said smugly as he flipped back around and insinuated himself as close as he could possibly get, wrapping arms and legs around him like a damn octopus, “but it was good, I hope?”
Something to thank Victor for at last, pure jealously and possessiveness had ramped John’s libido up to eleven.
“Not holy though  parson….herher” chuckled Oxley, receiving a sharp dig in the ribs and a stern look from Sarah, though how she even came to be there I had no idea. But neither did I mind her presence for she had been a valuable friend.
“Oh no Sherlock” Mycroft grasped him tightly by the wrist as he attempted to brush past, “you’ll do just fine as you are, you must come and say hello to Mrs Jessop, she’s simply dying to see you”.
Sherlock just shrugged, his pale face and ever-changing eyes (glistening like mercury tonight) reflected in the mirror as he pressed his chin into John’s shoulder.
“Now me” John said “Because you’re going to see this anyway, and it might as well be now, so we can clear the air”
He doesn’t want to see John kissing Mary on the cheek as he whispers in her ear. Mary walks away and stands beside her friends and John cracks open another beer.
Greg paused to pull off t-shirt and push down pyjamas, kicking them off impatiently as his fingers unbuttoned the expensive designer shirt with devastating speed, unwrapping his prize, sucking mercilessly on a soft pink nipple and biting as the blood began to pound in Mycroft’s ears.
“I see” Greg paused, dark eyes flickering between them both, “Nah, fuck it, actually I don’t see…why can’t you just stay out of trouble for one bloody minute Sherlock? You know I should report all this and pull you both in for questioning? This is a fucking murder investigation Sherlock and it sounds to me as though you’ve gone and pissed off our main suspect…so cheers for that…Mycroft’s going to chuck you in the salt mines for this little stunt…jesus… Right, here’s what’s going to happen, we never fucking had this conversation at least that’s the official line until I’ve had a chance to talk to Mycroft, and if you don’t agree to that I can’t promise anything and I can’t help if we find evidence to tie you to the investigation”.
“I got you a date”, Sherlock said smiling mischievously, “Saturday at six…you’re meeting here. It’s my brother Mycroft you’ll like him, he’s a miserable git too, but I sort of owe you one after all that”
Jim nodded his assent without question and set to his task, while John walked me over to a stack of baled hay and sat, signalling that I should do the same. The hay prickled at my legs, and I stifled a sneeze in the dusty air as a shimmering cloud of Thrips hovered before us in the half-light.
- The Watson family home is based on Fenton House in Hampstead Village, North-West London an 18th century merchant's house.
“It is in my father’s hand.” John said, in a hollow distracted voice, his brow knit tight with tension. He drifted back toward the bed and sat down on his side again. Sliding his thumb beneath the heavy wax seal to break it, he carefully unfolded the square of yellow parchment. His eyes traced quickly across the words on the page and I squirmed with impatience while he read it, and read it again, and yet again a third time and watched his face grow ever paler. With each pass across the page my apprehension grew. What bile and vitriol, what wicked schemes had the monster devised to so unnerve him? I sat up a little, propped on one elbow and slid my free arm around his waist and pressed a cool palm to his chest, over where his heart lay. His skin was smooth, warm and his heart beat rabbit-fast against my palm. He was afraid, and that alone scared me. His face however, was a careful mask of composure, the only discernible evidence of his distress a barely imperceptible pulsing in his cheek. It flickered as his jaw clenched tight.
John had to admit that Lestrade had a very definite skill for seeing what other people might miss. It was his day job after all. But this…everyone they came across saw the same damn thing, and John was bloody fed up with the voice in his head that was constantly trying to tell him no. (Not gay…best friends…wouldn’t want me anyway…not interested in sex…not my area, on and on until the dam broke and he started surreptitiously wanking to thoughts of him whenever he got the chance)
The paper crumpled in his hand and he threw it into the empty grate where it lay and unfurled again.
But he just couldn’t turn away now, his curiosity had been piqued. (Not that he was going anywhere any time soon, with the bastard still holding his wrist).
“Well no, that was Sherlock actually, the stupid dickhead thought that walking into the kitchen stark bollock naked would be a perfectly okay thing to do”.
John Ho! Ho! Ho’ed! at all the little brats, and winked at the pretty young mum’s too (only the one’s without a ring on their left-hand of course).
Sherlock squinted in the direction John had pointed, the distinctive black car just visible about thirty yards further along. His presence just didn’t make sense. In the time Sherlock had been aware of him, because let’s face it, he had needed a reliable source, Marcus would never pass up the opportunity to fleece the drunken youth of London on a weekend to come and spectate at house fire. At the least it was ghoulish, if not extremely suspicious. Yeah, okay, he didn’t have a valid reason to be here either, other than (not so) idle curiosity and the need to score from an old acquaintance.
A blast of cool autumn air ruffled the newspapers in the stand by the entrance as she moved out onto the pavement and was swallowed in a sea of people. Right, John thought, now Mike.
“I was touching myself Sir, I do so like touching myself,…it feels so…nice” he gave a little shiver, and let his hand stray to his groin, slowly rubbing himself through the thin material.
Together, they pushed the tights down and off, the only thing left now, the little red hat with the silver bell on top, tinkling madly as Sherlock thrust his hips to grind against John’s cock.
There were so many questions dancing around in my head, so many things we had left unspoken between us, my thanks for his silence, his kindness to a poor broken orphan who had no knowledge of the nest of viper’s he had stumbled upon in his naivety. I could have been destroyed, but his presence had always given me hope; that if there were others such as he in that world of filth and debauchery that it would not steal my soul. I would forever and always remain Sherlock Holmes.
“Come on, let’s get moving…it’ll be fine…you’ll be fine” he muttered, bending down to pick up his jeans and t-shirt. Sherlock wondered which of them he really trying to reassure.
John stopped, and looked thoughtful. “You understand much…then how is it that you do not know yourself?”
Oh god. John’s blood turned to ice in his veins. How the hell had he not heard? He had been distracted by thoughts of Sherlock and hot tea, and the stupid fucking cat. He knew there was a reason why he hated the damn things other than the way they left shit in your garden and hair in your bed, like Ginger, the cantankerous old bastard that had lived next door who had made him the victim of many a needle-clawed attack.
John lifted himself up onto his toes and peered through the small glass panel in the door. He was rewarded almost immediately with the sight of a long lean body, almost naked but for flesh coloured tights, bending at the waist in front of the long bank of mirrors. One pale hand rested lightly on the barre that ran around three sides of the large square room, his back was turned away from the door. Thank god. John let out the breath he’d been holding in a rush and the glass ghosted white with his breath. The boy turned blurred and indistinct until John rubbed it off again, smearing condensation with the back of his sleeve.
“What was it?” he had wanted to know, asking Mycroft, because he was older, and a boy, and should know these things.
He kissed John softly, watching the golden glow from the fireplace flickering in eyes, and knew that he would take this fucked-up version of reality every single time.
John nodded and squeezed Sherlock’s waist, moving closer until they were pressed chest to groin and kissed him deeply, sinking into the push and pull of lips and tongues. They lay like that for several minutes, until their bodies ached to move and just do something more, anything more.
“It slows me down sometimes, when it gets so full in here (he tapped the side of his head) that I can hardly breathe. I don’t do it any more though, not for months”
“John…” it was barely a whisper, just an exhalation of a name on his breath, answered with a possessive growl and strong arms that spun him around and pushed him backwards to the bed. They fell together, a tangle of arms and legs, grasping hands and hot, wet, desperate kisses. He grabbed John’s arse to pull them roughly against each other, and felt the humid heat of his erection pressed into the crease of his pelvis. Oh god, that was his, all for him, he could have that, any way he wanted, in his hand, his mouth, his arse. He groaned, lips already chafed and swollen from John’s probing tongue and the faint rasp of stubble on tender skin.
‘Aye, as we were leaving…. he was not there at the outset and we met him on his return, so none from the house could have heard what passed between us…he asked only if you were well, of which I assured him that you were very well indeed…and so he sends his regards, and that he would keep your secret close to his heart for both our sakes’.
He throws in the barb for the hell of it, just because he can, because he is safe here with Irene and she doesn’t care how sarcastic he is.
His own neglected cock throbbed with want at John’s words, at what he was allowed to do, and his hands shook slightly as he pulled John’s hips towards him and gently pulled one leg up over his shoulder, tapping the other. John lifted obligingly, heels pressing lightly in Sherlock’s ribs, his hands fisting the sheets at his sides.
“Yes, I imagine he did…you do understand what this means Sherlock? I do hope you know what you are doing”
John nursed his cold latte and regretted the waste of £3.50. Selfish again, so fucking selfish. He looked down at his hands, his thumb rubbed absently across the handle of the mug at a splash of foam. Sara sat across from him, Americano untouched, an oily film floated on the surface. Her eyes were red-rimmed from crying and she looked tired due to lack of sleep from the night before , John guessed, which she had spent, curled up uncomfortably on the kitchen sofa, waiting for him. Almost fifteen minutes had passed and neither had said a word, reluctant to be the first one to break the silence and begin this most awkward and devastating of conversations. John finally cleared his throat and Sara jumped visibly in her seat where she had been lost in silent contemplation, staring at the wet mug rings on the polished surface of the table. John felt another stab of guilt and desperately tried to swallow it down.
“Quite”, said Mycroft, “any armchair doctor could have told me as much”, and then he turned, the doctor effectively dismissed as irrelevant and spoke to Sherlock again, “Not even gender?”
There were more delays while John fussed around, concocting a ridiculous quantity of warm milky tea in a large glass measuring jug. He poured it into a big silver thermos flask that Sherlock had never even seen before. (And this was his bloody house) Sherlock sat on a high stool at the breakfast bar, absently munching on a packet of bland salted crisps, a Mars Bar in front of him, next in line. It was the first thing John had done when they came downstairs, searched the kitchen cupboards for something quick and edible. Sherlock of course, had made his protests known.
“So”, said Victor in a voice that was far too chirpy for someone who had been out clubbing the night before, “You never said what he was like, the bloke you dumped me at the club for, and thanks by the way, I had to hide in the loo to get away from druggie Billy…you see, according to him,
Father sat in the study in a wing-back chair by the fire, smoking his pipe, looking up with a smile as his youngest son stepped inside the room. But he was not the one with whom father wished to speak.
“You were wondering what to call me, in your head….I’ll save you the trouble of asking, my friend, my name is Walter”
“I didn’t see anything, I came back, he was on the floor, I phoned for help…that’s it Mycroft, I can’t tell you anything else…wait…do you think someone was watching us…watching the room?”
Ah, I had deduced correctly then, though it gave me no pleasure to have the right of it, and he only meant to ease the sting by his claim that he would always bid us welcome. We could not come back here.
They walk together, Irene’s careful steps in too-high heels echo loudly down the corridor. This is it.
Wisps of ghostly smoke drifted towards me, blown by a breeze from a window left open to the night, but no, it was a trick of my mind, for it came from strange pipes, much thinner and longer than the usual, of ivory, not of wood, the bowl of it smooth and luminescent. Opium, my muddled brain supplied as my lids flickered and closed.
It was the same for him, swept away by this strange, impetuous boy. He pulled him down to the bed and wrapped him in a tight embrace, a tangle of arms and legs.
Later as we lay upon the bed, covers drawn up to keep out the chill once the fire had gone out, John turned to me, and taking my face in his hands so that he might see my eyes he spoke:
“No, I think not. As I understand, significant amounts of alcohol were involved, as well as poor judgement. Mr Watson acted impulsively, although not without provocation it would seem. Mr Wilkes accepts this, there will be no further action taken, I can guarantee as much”
“Come on, let’s just get this over with” he stands, one graceful fluid motion even as shit-faced as he is, and holds out a hand, hauling John back onto his feet.
“No,” Sherlock stammered, caught off guard. While he’d been lost in his head, John had wheeled a motorbike toward him –
“Perhaps if I could actually see it.” John squinted, hard, in the dark, as if narrowing his eyes even more would somehow help him to see things better. It didn’t. “So, if it’s not a church, but it’s still sort of looks like one, then what is it? He said, tapping a finger against his lip in thought.
Greg winked at him, before setting his eyes back on the road ahead. Dimmock blushed furiously on John’s behalf and Anderson, turning his nose up, snorted, in obvious disgust. Sherlock bristled angrily beside him and John could feel the vicious tirade just waiting to fall from his lips. He had a good idea of how much Sherlock hated Anderson, and it was obviously mutual too, this constant stream of snark between them served as testimony to that fact.
John’s house was smaller than his own, even though they lived next door, the whims and follies of town planners and architects he supposed, or a way to integrate those from different financial and social backgrounds. Whatever the original intention had been for this happy accident of fate, Sherlock knew that he would be eternally grateful. He inhaled deeply, it always smelled so good, like cinnamon and something fruity, like wild berries, rather than citrus. Sherlock dragged in a healthy lungful that was instantly more comforting to him than any cigarette was.
No-one had ever just come out and asked him like that and when you added it together with the hand-shaking thing and the posh, plummy voice, Sherlock struck him as a very odd kid, and the way he was dressed too – like he’d just been to a wedding or some sort of posh do, trousers, not jeans and a shirt with the sleeves carefully folded back to just above the elbows. John glanced down at his frayed jeans and dirty, scuffed trainers and back up to Sherlock’s open, hopeful face and felt something like determined pride swelling in his chest. His first new friend at the new house, maybe they could bike to school together and have sleepovers and stuff.
“This warehouse by the dock’s, Sackville Street, there’s loads of kids there Mike, you should have seen them, it was like something out of Charles Dicken’s”.
Then, of course, Victor chose that moment to step up behind him, curling an arm around his waist in a move that John could only describe as possessive, like marking his territory. He fought back the urge to punch the smug bastard, part for having the nerve to touch Sherlock at all, and part for not caring what anyone else thought of him for doing something undoubtedly so intimate, right in John’s face.
Mycroft sometimes like to believe it wasn’t Sherlock’s fault (entirely). He was an undeniably beautiful child, striking and enigmatic with a natural charisma which drew people to him (but were soon repelled by his obnoxious arrogance and disdain). Sherlock had just as many fans as Greg on the circuit, the majority being teenage girls (which were not likely to create an issue, Sherlock being Kinsey 6 gay) but Mycroft sometimes felt that Sherlock failed to recognise the effect he had on some people, committed as he was to the ‘bang and bolt’ method of seduction. Mycroft sighed.
“Anyway” Greg interjected angrily, “more to the point, the little dickhead’s fucked off again, left us to pack up, and Myc will chew my fucking ear off for letting him do a runner again, second night running. “Stupid little shit”, he mumbled as he continued to cart kit to the van. He turned to John. “Look, sorry mate, you seem like a nice kid, but if you do see the little wanker, tell him from me he’s a dead man”.
Greg was there too, leaning against the window sill with his arms folded, looking up at the sound of Sherlock, poised and ready to object. “Listen, I’ve kept quiet on a lot of things, but Myc’s right, this is all getting a bit too serious now. You’ve both been hurt and I still think you were wrong John for staying quiet on that one, but this isn’t a bloody game of ‘let’s play detective’ or something no matter how you’ve tried to convince yourselves…these are bad people you’re on the wrong side of…if this was down to them that is”.
“I'd thought perhaps a change of location,” Sherlock said, waving a hand in the air, “the school gym seems rather pedestrian and the lighting is simply awful in here, I’m sure you agree.” He flashed John a smile, but something about it didn’t ring true. It was tense, brittle almost. “In fact, we can talk about it now if you like, I’m done for tonight.”
“I’ve had the most awful row with John, just stay here with Harry, I think I know where he’s gone…please Malcolm”.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, taking in the clear, unwavering gaze. Deep blue eyes looked back into his, “And just so you know”, the guy continued, “There is no right or wrong answer…in case you were wondering”.
“Nothing”, Greg laughed hollowly, “well, when I say nothing…the last time was a couple of years ago, but I threw a chair at him and broke his jaw…he’s too scared to come near me now”
He gently pushed Sherlock back and silvery eyes stared down at him questioningly. Christ, he was tall. And bloody hell he was turned on right now. His cock throbbed painfully against the seam of his jeans.
John could do little else but follow him out of the gym, and as the door slammed shut behind them, wondered what in hell he’d just stepped in the middle of.
Bodies blocked his way on the staircase, not the best place to have a conversation or stick your tongue down someone’s throat, but that didn’t seem to be stopping them. He pushed past anyway, standing on a few toes. He felt the burn of a cigarette on his bare arm, got an elbow in his ribs, and fell up the last two stairs, banging his shin on the handrail when he pulled himself up again.
He could hear John rummaging around under the sink for the wastepaper basket and felt the touch of smooth plastic as John set it down on the floor in front of him. The tap turned on and off again and a beaker of cold water was pressed into his unresisting hand.
Mummy was in the kitchen making sweet mince pies and gingerbread, two of Sherlock’s favourite Christmas treats, so he stayed close, hoping for a sneaky nibble when her back was turned.
“Oh god, just tell them I like it rough and be damned…I really can’t be bothered with all this pointless bloody prodding and poking and question, questions, questions…it’s ridiculous, we didn’t do anything wrong and I don’t see the need to justify it to anyone”.
“I wish I could believe that. But a sickness of the mind can weaken the body. You of all people should know this. And she is old and may have thought I’d deserted her. I should not have left it so long. I’ve been so selfish.” He shrugged out of my embrace then and stood, beginning to pace.
“We’re all going to the Student union tonight”, Mike continued, unperturbed “ and you, my friend, are coming too, whether you bloody well like it or not, so get your smelly little arse in that shower, now!”
“And?” Sherlock prompted, putting his coffee cup down beside the bed and pulling John onto his lap. He bent his head down… lips almost touching.
This was a fascinating side to John’s character though, this primal need to dominate, though on some level Sherlock must have sensed it from the very start. He lost himself to the relentless motion, the wickedly accurate assault on his prostate squeezed wrecked sobs from his throat.
John groaned and pulled the smelly duvet back up over his head. He wished they would all just leave him the fuck alone. It was childish and ridiculous he knew, but bed is where he wanted to stay.
They did not venture to converse with us further following this most perplexing outburst, the rest of the journey continuing in silence and intermittent slumber.
Sherlock watched the study door close with a frown. They were discussing him, he was sure of it. Mycroft would be asking Greg to watch him even more carefully tonight to avoid any more escape attempts or inappropriate sexual exploits (the more inappropriate the better where John Watson was concerned). Sherlock had already had a quick wank in the shower after school, relieving a day of pent-up frustration, and fantasising about John, how he had looked last night, so beautiful and so scared when he had finally stood naked before Sherlock in the dark bedroom, and how Sherlock had kissed away his doubts and fears, had taken him apart and left him breathless beneath him. He wanted to do that again, soon, and Mycroft and his minions were certainly not going to stop him.
The corridor outside was empty, roped off at one end to prevent anyone else wandering down and obstructing the emergency services, but that hadn’t stopped a small crowd from gathering, peering curiously and muttering to each other as they hovered by the barrier.
One final push and Sherlock unravelled completely, coming hard, cock untouched, calling forth every expletive under the sun ending with a plaintive sob of ‘John…John…’ John curled his body over the crouched form beneath him, long arms pulling him in close, as he held him tightly through it.
She told me that many a young lady or gentleman had found lasting fortune this way and that by preserving my virtue I might be kept as companion in a fine house with every comfort of which I might desire.
My mistress for her part looked most affronted on my behalf, bidding the girl repair at once to the receiving room to bring forth my new bedfellow and instructor Tom a particular favourite of the household blessed as he was with a most handsome face and strong lean limbs, resplendent in a fine silk shirt and breeches the colour of the most beautiful cornflower.
“Didn’t you hear him walk by? It was about half an hour ago I think, you had your fingers up my arse at the time – bit distracted were you? He takes approximately forty-seven minutes over breakfast, longer on a day off, less if Mycroft already left for work, which he hasn’t yet, and before you ask, yes, I can guarantee they both heard you banging my brains out earlier, so minimum eye contact is recommended for your own personal safety”.
Mama sat in the carriage waiting, concealed by the dark waxed drapes that kept out the wind and rain and Mycroft stood stiffly by the open doorway and tapped his cane upon the steps.
Placing it on the newly made bed, he slid the zip around and flipped it wide. The work from his Foundation Course was crammed inside, charcoal sketches, life drawings in ink and bits of old canvas painted with acrylics and varnished until it crackled like glass. A year’s worth of work stuffed out of sight but too full of meaning, too much a part of himself to ever throw away.
John’s eyes widened in fear as Jim drew near, and through a flash of sunlight he caught the unmistakable glint of a pocket knife, no doubt with his name already written on it in blood.
He reached for the lube on the mattress beside him, squeezing out a generous amount, the more the better this time, stroking the extra around John’s entrance before pushing one finger inside.
“And how could I do that when I haven’t been invited Mummy?...There are still some social conventions that even I am unwilling to ignore”
Sherlock just gave another infuriating shrug that made his fists clench. If he could muster the strength he would punch him and then probably snog him again. Jesus Christ he was impossible.
And with that my mysterious admirer rose taking up his seat at table again with his face turned away from my curious gaze. I knew not what to make of this odd exchange.
Sherlock’s hand was resting lightly on the dinner table, he stuck out his pinkie finger and ran it gently over the handle of a steak knife.
He pushed the negative thoughts aside, sweeping the residue from the basin with a damp fingertip and rubbing it liberally over tingling gums.
It made a change, he wasn’t usually on the receiving end, not anymore. After John he’d gone top, anything else made him feel too vulnerable, and he hadn’t found anyone else he trusted enough to try and bottom.
“But wait” John turned to go after him “You never actually told me where…….he was” his voice trailed off uncertainly, looking left and right, searching for the distinctive guitar case and shabby clothes in amongst the smart school uniforms. He huffed in frustration and whirled around, slamming straight into the solid form of Greg Lestrade.
It could not have been clearer – without John I was in danger.  I was cast adrift in the ocean, and she, like a saw-toothed shark, circled as she scented my blood in the water.
“Yes well, my parents in their wisdom thought I would be better off under his watchful eye from now on, after….” He stopped, and stared at John thoughtfully for a minute before he went on, “After I was kicked out of Beauxbatons. I know what people have been saying , that I killed someone, but they’re wrong”.
He grimaced and gasped as a sharp spasm of pain sliced across his abdomen, the ghost of a memory, of a time in the not too distant past, of shivering and sweating in cold dark places, of a body just barely holding itself together, eyes bulging and chest burning, involuntary tears pouring over hot fevered cheeks, not even capable of holding a drop of water in his heaving gut. Two weeks in a morphine haze, barely capable of thought, because thinking hurt and remembering hurt and he had hated the world and everyone in it, and Mycroft, especially Mycroft who had fucking well ruined it all that warm, quiet night in June with warm blankets and sirens and soft kind hands that plucked the needle from his arm and crushed the syringe under his shoe, holding him close until the ambulance came, dripping tears into his matted hair, “Why Sherlock, Why?” over and over.
Irene passes him the joint and he takes a drag, inhales, and holds it there. Sweet oblivion curls around his insides.
On the advice of Charles Worthington , who had played his part so well on our behalf, John procured for us the very next day new lodgings in a more respectable part of town. I took him at his word on this, my knowledge of the city reaching only as far as our much-missed room in the Chelsea pub and the none too salubrious enclave of Covent Garden. And so we removed that evening, along with my meagre possessions to a private house in St James, Duke Street.
John jumped off the bed and approached me, tired of watching the sport and yet having no part, and setting his hands at my waist from behind he pulled me back and spun me round to face him wrenching me from the arms of my pretty young partner to crash our bodies together with intent. Sarah flopped down on the chaise at her side and laughed at my indignant cries, when in parody John twirled and spun and cavorted about the room, I, cast in the roll of the maid, condemned but to follow his farcical attempt. Exhausted and breathless with laughter, we fell back upon the bed and Sarah stirred, brushing off her skirts and setting her cap to rights. She cleared her throat to be heard, for we were lost now, as I melted into the touch of his hand against my cheek, gazing into eyes of an unfathomable blue depth.
Sherlock bit at his lip, worrying the skin between his teeth. He felt slightly nauseous, as John stuffed his dirty kit-bag into the seat cavity, unhooked the spare helmet (safety first!) and tossed it across to him. He caught it, just, fumbled a little, and saw his own worried face staring back in the polished surface.
“Mm god….oh yes”, he mumbled, almost rendered incoherent. He gasped as he slid back down the wall a little, skin scraping, his t-shirt no protection against the cold rough brick. John pressed his body in harder, hands gripping him under his arse to stop him from falling. He mouthed at Sherlock’s chest, his breath felt hot against the peaks of his nipples where they poked out, hard under the thin material of his t-shirt.
“Er no… Mr Wilson is burning garden rubbish, it’s just wood-smoke” he hurriedly stubbed it out again on the outside wall, the butt falling out of his hand to the ground below. Shit. he would have to pick that up before somebody found it, Mycroft probably…his brother had an uncanny ability to detect a misdemeanour and there was never any point in denying it, because his parents knew Mycroft was never wrong.
“Trust you to be a greedy bastard, can’t just stick to fifty per cent of the human race, you want a go at the whole fucking lot”
Mike Stamford did the cinnamon challenge for his dare, choking and coughing out a pungent brown cloud that settled over everyone with ten feet, which pretty much meant all of them. Sherlock could taste the spicy tang in his mouth.
“What do you want to be when you grow up?” John asked him one afternoon as they destroyed the neat piles of fallen leaves that had been gathered by the park –keeper, jumping and laughing, throwing huge handfuls at each other.
“Oh fuck…. that’s gorgeous…” John whispered in a trembling voice, hands now ghosting over the tops of his thighs, squeezing handfuls of succulent firm flesh before trailing up his spine, pushing the school sweater up to his shoulder blades. He was half- naked now, embarrassingly exposed and his cheeks flamed with a heady mix of humiliation and want, cock already leaking on John’s smart tailored trousers.
John pushed the stone that concealed them aside and wriggled through, grabbing a handful of Sherlock’s robes and hauling him through too, cursing and complaining as he bumped the top of his head against low threshold. In silent agreement they toed off their shoes and ran on sweaty, socked feet, up three flights of stairs and along seemingly endless corridors, adrenaline coursing through their veins long before they reached Gryffindor Tower.
They haven’t planned this, didn’t set out to break anyone’s heart, just got high in the park one night, like this and snuck back to Sherlock’s house for a fuck.
Sherlock hummed his assent as drool dripped down his chin and then ran down his neck. He would damn well make sure that those fingers were good and wet. John pulled them out with a audible pop and spread his arse apart with one hand. A cool, wet finger drew a teased a trail from cleft to the base of his cock and he shivered violently. John drew back.
“What are you doing, you can’t get up” he whined like a petulant child and pulled the covers up over his head with a huff.
Greg gave the signal and the lights went down to the sound of an excited murmur from the crowd. Sherlock took a deep breath, pulled the pick from his lips and turned….
He felt guilty and hastened to apologise, “Of course, sorry Mike…I know I’m probably going to be a bit of an annoying prick tonight”
John stood, looking very small and uncomfortable in a pair of Sherlock’s breeches, turned up at the bottom and a simple white shirt. Sherlock thought he looked breath-taking and quite the young gentleman. There was no reason for him to hang his head like that as if he wasn’t every bit as good as anyone else here.
John felt the intensity of Sherlock’s gaze. “Well, um, good,” he croaked, swallowing thickly to clear the lump in his throat. “Glad we cleared that up then.”
John was struck with a sudden urge to take them between his own hands. Just to warm them up a bit, he tried to reason. He bit his lip and pushed that tempting thought somewhere far, far away. It was something he’d have to think about later, much later, when Sherlock wasn’t standing quite so close to him. “I could…” he said, “I mean, if you want…it’s hardly a luxury car, but…hey, no, forget it.” John stared down at his own feet, scraping a toe along the asphalt. Sherlock always made him feel so tongue-tied, but it came as a surprise to find it might be mutual.
John, on the other hand needed this gig, even the daily dose of humiliation hadn’t put him off, so far…
He could see absolutely everything too. His eyes flicked down to take in the obscene jut of Sherlock’s own erection as it strained through a bare layer of thin green material, pushing against John’s abdomen. But he couldn’t fucking feel it, pressed into the padded stuffing of the fake jolly Santa pudge.
The gent who lived below us, Mr Anderson had already pressed his suit with her and always sought to grope her breasts whenever he happened upon her. One terrible evening she had taken up his supper and found the door locked behind her as she bent to stoke the fire. His proposition was to have her in his bed, along with his mistress, a French actress with a taste for the female form herself. He had not been so keen to press his luck however, when staring down twelve inches of red-hot steel she’d left heating in the open fire, and whipped into her hand to hover mere inches from his eye. “I’ll brand you like a farmyard beast if you will not let me pass”, she had said, and he had relented most promptly, with a snivelling obsequious apology for the misunderstanding, as he called it.
The ‘hurt my brother and I’ll kill you routine’, how utterly predictable, Sherlock thought. He would try, for John though, even if a meant an Oscar worthy performance. He drank some more.
Mike sighed in sympathy, swilling the dregs of his drink around the glass and knocking it back in one swig, ‘Yeah well, you know I’d put in a word for you at Bart’s but with all the cuts to public sector and whatnot, new jobs are rare as hen’s teeth and they’re only taking on interns, sorry.’
My calm voice belied an inner turmoil. I kept my back straight, and my gaze clear and steady, but I know not how I kept my legs as the floor pitched and swayed beneath my feet.
John didn’t wait for an answer, thank god, because Sherlock couldn’t have formed the words. He simply undid the buttons around his crotch and slid his hand right into Sherlock’s pants, past all fabric barriers to stroke his erection with a bare hand.
John groaned. His thoughts always came around to the same damn thing. He hadn’t touched himself in almost a week, hadn’t even been close, but he was definitely hard now. Just this once, he would allow himself this just one last time. He wrapped his right hand around his hot, heavy prick and pulled slowly from base to tip and back down again, rocking into the movement with his hips. Oh god it felt so good, and he needed this, so why even bother to fight it anymore? He leaned against the tile wall and buried his head in the crook of his elbow, squeezing tighter as he fucked his own fist, wishing it could be Sherlock’s arse instead, marking him instead of the wall as he came, much too soon, in hot pulsing spurts.
It wasn’t quite as bad as he had imagined. Sherlock had at least made a cursory attempt to straighten the duvet and the used condom was now in the bin, neatly wrapped in a piece of toilet paper, but you could still tell exactly what had gone on in here last night.
All was heat and sound within. We stepped fully into the cheery oak-panelled, beer scented confines and the heavy door clicked shut at our backs. The noise it made should barely have been noticed, but a murmur of voices spread around the room and a hush descended, every head turning to stare. Tankards hung in the air, half-poised towards open mouths. And then the rush of noise returned and the men went back to their drinks and games paying us no more mind. The sound of idle chatter soon replaced the pounding rush of blood in my ears and for that I was thankful, as my legs felt weak with an inexplicable nervousness.
“Get in Mr Watson, if you would be so kind, I’d appreciate a quick word on a rather pressing matter”
Tom laid a hand on my shoulder, warm and grounding knowing what was on my mind, ‘All will be well and when all’s said and done I will be here lad so don’t fret yourself over some mouldy old bastard who has to pay for beauty such as yours’.
Strong arms encircled his torso and deftly flipped him over onto his stomach, cock grazing against the patterned covers as he fought the urge to rut against them, body thrumming with anticipation for the cool slick feel of lube on overheated skin, gasping and fisting handfuls of cotton at the first intrusion of wet probing fingertips, fucking and stretching him open, wider and wider, one, then two, then three, enough to tease but not satisfy, sure and confident in the ability to render him helpless, completely at Greg’s mercy.
Oh god, the noises he was making, throaty little moans, squeezing and flicking his own nipples with his free hand, rolling and pinching between finger and thumb. God, he was so fucking shameless John thought, sitting up to watch. He wrapped his left hand around Sherlock’s blood-red prick and slowly began to pump, long and slow at first, Sherlock slowing his frantic little bucks and moving in time with each stroke, feet planted firmly against the floor for purchase, thrusting up. John moved faster, quick and shallow around the head, a flick of a thumb across the slit and a twist of the wrist on the upstroke. He could feel the vibrations as Sherlock’s thighs began to shake, legs lifting from the floor to wrap tightly around John’s back as he leant over him.
The drive back was silent and tense. Greg just asked “No luck then?” and the only thing he could think of to say was “He’ll come back when he’s ready, not before, but thanks for taking me over anyway”
John moved closer and let his right hand swing down at his side until he felt the faintest brush of skin on skin, warm against cold (how the hell was he staying warm?- John marvelled at Sherlock’s ability to generate copious amounts of body heat for the second time that morning), a tingle running up the length of his arm as Sherlock curled long fingers around his own and squeezed briefly before letting go, so simple and yet so intimate.
It was Sherlock’s turn to squirm uncomfortably, unable to meet Victor’s challenging gaze. He had found his Achilles heel, his greatest fear. John knew a little now after Mycroft’s little stunt, a bit of casual sex, a sneaky joint, and he had accepted that, defended him even, while acknowledging it was a bit not good. But all the rest? The junkie? The whore? He only hoped his little act this morning hadn’t been too convincing….it was a ticking time-bomb and he was simply delaying the inevitable.
He had wriggled his shoulders, shoving up on one side in a futile attempt to dislodge his heavy burden. He needed to piss, badly, his mouth felt like parchment and dehydration made his head pound faintly.
John was blinded for a second as he forgot to look away from the light, red and green dancing before his eyes. Sherlock growled in annoyance and grabbed a handful of robe, almost pushing him out through the door. The common room was deserted and so was the outer corridor too as they tentatively dropped through the portrait hole and stole silently down the first flight of stairs heading determinedly for the main doors.
“And you John Watson, are a marvel yourself, with the sweet little innocent – ‘if you don’t mind me saying lovely lady, you can’t possibly take your clothes off and dry hump old pervs for a living’ routine, I would be genuinely worried if I didn’t already know how much you love my cock. It’s very seductive you know”
He woke with a start around five. John’s sister had just come back from wherever the hell she had been last night, bumping and crashing around the flat. John groaned and lifted his head. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and leaned over, checking to see if the noise had woken him.
John pushed open the heavy door of the Railway Arms and breathed in the warm fuggy smell of beer and something akin to wet dog. The lunchtime rush of office workers and city boys, slumming it with the commoners had given way to the die-hard student crowd, those with nothing better to do on a Tuesday afternoon than drink cheap lager and play pool until the bars and clubs opened, offering happy hour deals of two-for- one shots and three quid triple measures. If you didn’t have a permanent hangover on freshers week, you weren’t really trying. John didn’t have a hangover, he just had a headache. His morning with Sara had been tough and he hoped he wasn’t going to get more of the same disbelief and anger. Mike had been his best friend since primary school, always on the large size for his age he had acted as a kind of bodyguard for John on their first day, running the gauntlet of playground bullies and older kids who had seemed like giants to a tiny 5 year old John, that was, until John proved himself to be a scrappy little fighter, perfectly able to take care of himself. He remembered all the birthdays and scouts trips and sleepovers they had enjoyed over the years and hoped that all this hadn’t tainted Mike’s memories of those times and that he didn’t think John had been secretly fantasizing about him all along.
Sherlock smiled to himself, knowing nothing could be further from the truth. He would make this boy beg for mercy, or at the least get him out of his room.
“Uck…ew” he forced out the words past his distorted lips, hating them all the more for hitting close to the truth, but he wouldn’t sell Sherlock out, not for anything, no matter what.
Greg was only trying to be cheerful and upbeat, he knew that, but John felt wretched, thinking about Sherlock in the ambulance without him, and him waking up and John not being there when he did, and it felt like a part of him had been ripped from his chest.
Sherlock let himself be steered around, enjoying the feel of John’s hand pressing firmly into the small of his back, fingers splaying out a little to gently stroke with his thumb. Was he even aware that he was doing that, or realised that Sherlock could feel every puff of his warm breath tickling the hairs on the back of his neck?.
Run from the room and call out for Mrs Turner to save me from what was given and received most freely?
Tom, for his part made a final appeal for clemency, but I knew in my heart that any delay only served as stay of execution at this point so determined was my mistress to take advantage of my currency.
If we had been alone he would have held out his hand, pulled me to my feet and drawn me into his arms to sweeten those words with a kiss, but I could only rise alone as he waited, and taking our leave of the host we walked out, and climbed into the waiting carriage.
“Can’t you see we’re busy?” he huffed angrily at the small skinny figure, swamped within the confines of a thick green coat. Second hand army surplus, of German origin. Billy Wiggins was small for his age with hooded, red-rimmed eyes and a gratingly nasal voice, the relic of too many beatings at the hands of his father and badly repaired broken nose. He was thin and wiry with sallow undernourished skin, but his eyes flashed defiantly, alight with a razor-sharp intelligence.
They really shouldn’t want each other this much so soon, but they did, so Sherlock braced his left arm against the tiled wall and wrapped his long fingers round both their cocks, jerking them erratically, their open mouths still pressed together, lips not even moving now. Soft ha…ha…ha…ha’s as Sherlock’s fist pumped, the only sound other than the gentle patter of water on skin and ceramic.
“Hey, watch this” John turned to look at the assortment of relatives milling around, getting out of taxi’s and cars while mummy and Mycroft scuttled about helping the staff take the suitcases and bags inside. He drew out a small scrap of paper and the shell of a pen, chewing thoughtfully until he had fashioned a small sticky pellet. His aim was deadly accurate as he huffed a sharp breath out, smacking Mycroft squarely on the back of the neck.
“Well we can’t just stand here all night, there’s work to be done (neatly averted outpouring of emotion), let’s see how far I can push it before they tell me to fuck off and go home”
He smiled at the sight of me, submissive, and with eyes still heavy with sleep beckoned me forward and brought his hand up to stroke gently with his thumb along the bony prominence of my cheek.
“Shut the fuck up Sherlock” he grabbed a skinny arm roughly and dragged him back into the heaving throng, disconcerted that he had been read so easily, all his pervy thoughts on display.
“I haven’t seen you here before” Sherlock said, and cringed at just how obvious that statement had been, bland and boring and not at all the impression he hoped to make. And what exactly was that? That he knew what he was doing, in control, confident, sexy? It was always a fine line with the older ones, which role they wanted you to play, impressionable little twink that they could show what to do or just a fit young body they could fuck through the mattress and treat like a dirty whore.
“I decided those would do, they take so long to dry don’t they? Besides, I didn’t want to go rummaging around in those pockets, never know what you might find” she said, shooting Sherlock a meaningful look.
In the moment of distraction Sherlock felt his head snap back as a fist made contact with the side of his jaw. He bit down into the side of his tongue and tasted the copper tang of blood. Pain bloomed around his cheekbone and a warm wet trickle traced a sticky track down his face.
“Hush now John”, she said with a dismissive wave, “Sherlock does not take offence…come, “she linked her arm in mine and walked me to the entrance to the dining room, “You will sit by me at dinner and tell me many a scandalous tale of my beautiful Grandson”.
“You mean…you’re staying here for the holidays too? But why…I know you have a family, a younger sister, mother, father…”
He held out his hand and Sherlock snatched at the bag pushing it hastily into his pocket, ashamed of his weakness. John had been hanging back at little, mildly amused at the snarky exchange and glad that for once he wasn’t the one on the receiving end. But the sight of the bag made him gasp and start forward. Billy looked on in open amusement.
Electricity crackled in the air between them, palpable, meaning hidden inside meaning in one short sentence. John focused on the swell of Sherlock’s bottom lip, the way it stuck out slightly in the hint of a pout, and thought about what it might be like to bite down on it and suck it into his mouth.
He crossed to the mirror on the wardrobe door. John had marked him up good. Three livid purple bruises, two above his collarbone and one on his neck, just below his left ear. Fuck. That was detention for sure, and it was only the first day of term. A new personal record. His parents would be so proud.
“Bollocks! You do know he could do it all in his head, don’t you? He doesn’t actually need a fucking guitar at all – he’s just being an awkward little shit – no change there then I guess. Look, tell him I’ll leave it in the hall before I drive off, but I can guarantee he won’t touch it though”
John gazed uneasily at their surroundings, at an abandoned car, newly burnt out, probably last night, little kids, no older than seven or eight poking in the wreckage with sticks, a play area, more mud than grass, tyre swings wound tight around the top of the frame out of reach, bored looking teenage girls in a group smoking, one of them pausing to shout expletives at a toddler splashing in a muddy puddle and the horror as he realised she was the kids mother, a burgeoning waistline signalling another on the way.
He caught Sherlock scowling at him from the corner of his eye, and felt a faint flush slowly creeping up his neck towards his face. She gave a small resigned laugh.
“Yeah, I think I got that, thanks” John said, his voice rough and strained, still wheezing a little. A bottle of water appeared in his hand. He opened it and took a long pull.
My answer dissolved on my lips as he turned me around, taking hold of my shoulders to guide me. He smiled, “What do you think?” We stood before an emporium at least two shops wide, and there, in the window display lay the most beautiful violin, displayed in a case lined with ebony velvet. It had a spruce top, the back I could see formed from beautifully flamed maple- wood and a fingerboard of the deepest blackest ebony, ending in a perfect scroll. It was exquisite, I imagined the tone, deep and rich, the way the bow would skim across the strings and the wondrous music I could coax from it.
It was madness, but a madness that had seized us both so it seemed, that I could even consider fleeing with a near- stranger was as jumping from the frying pan into the flame. But how did it differ from the circumstances that had so lately led me to this very door? Mrs Tuner had been a stranger too, less obviously dangerous in her female form, but the nature of her business had surely revealed her as more so, and it would not end but with my utter degradation. His words had stirred the reckless, restless spirit within me, the one that had caused my mother such despair and my father to beat me when he could catch hold, which wasn’t often and Mycroft, dear lost brother had laughed at my untamed ways. In my grief I had forgotten myself and let others less worthy try to mould my future, this decision I would take on my own terms . The fire had not gone I understood that now, it had only been waiting for this one wondrous person to set it ablaze once more.
I laid my head on his shoulder and closed my eyes as we moved off, weary of the nights revelations and perturbed by my own responses to them, the unfounded jealousies, the promise of mysteries resolved, and fear for what the future might bring on both those accounts.
It was the same narrow corridor, the same oak paneled door and the same, warm, book-lined room as my previous visit. Weston – as I would always think of him, sat toad-like as ever behind his writing table at the window. He took his time to acknowledge our presence, making careful entries in a large red ledger. I took it as a ploy to unsettle and to make us both aware of his elevated station. Neither cowed, nor intimidated, we waited for him to finish his task, until with a final flourish, he sprinkled powder over the ink to fix it and blew it off again with a puff of fetid breath.
Victor sighed, fingers clasped round the door handle, poised, “However much you might wish it Sherlock, people don’t just stop caring…stop loving someone…just because the other person wants them to….it might do for you to remember that”, he added, sadly as he slipped out again.
He had almost forgotten the real reason they came here, he should find Sherlock and go, quickly, before the crowds thinned out and someone recognised his face. He would say sorry. Maybe he had overreacted? Caught unawares by the churning swell of emotion, things he had never felt for anyone before. Wanting to be near him all the time, the ache in his chest the instant he was out of sight, like a piece missing, a Sherlock shaped hole.
“Hey, we’re not done yet, we need to get you flying solo” he called back over his shoulder, jerking in surprise as a strong vibration shot up his right side. The broom bucked slightly in his grasp.
John moaned into his mouth, chasing the words from his tongue. Sherlock broke away, holding John’s face between his palms, demanding his full attention again.
Dickensian London at Christmas-with smut! Posh kid Sherlock and scruffy urchin John (rich boy/poor boy historically inaccurate sex ensues - what's not to love?)
Victor met his gaze with an intensity of his own. “Did you forget Sherlock…that you were the one that came to me? That you were the one that almost battered down my door at three in the morning…practically threw yourself at me?”
Sherlock dropped his half-finished cigarette and crushed it firmly with his toe, then he stepped forward, closed the small gap between them planted his hands on John’s chest and shoved as hard as he could.
“Yeah, I kind of got the impression that you liked it when you attacked me in the corridor straight after…you really are a bit of a kinky bastard aren’t you Sherlock?”
He felt a momentary pang of guilt for ditching his friends again, he hoped that Mike at least would understand. He knew how bad John had felt all week after he came back from the school on Monday with yet another fresh bruise blossoming on his forehead. Mike’s immediate thought had been Sherlock had punched him an assumption he had been quick to correct, explaining rather sheepishly that he had in actual fact head-butted some random in defence of Sherlock instead, but yeah, they were still finished despite that. On second thoughts, he might think John was a stupid bloody prick for even considering going back there, especially now, with the added ‘complications’ to deal with on top of all that. Harry had been less than sympathetic when she had called him mid-week for a sisterly chat, said Sherlock sounded like nothing more than a liar and a cheat and that he had had a very lucky escape. A bit hypocritical he thought, considering how many times she had lied to John and his mum about exactly how much she had drank.
Sherlock opened his mouth to launch an extremely rude and obnoxious protest, prevented from spewing forth by the touch of a small warm hand curled softly around his wrist. He promptly swallowed the tirade of abuse and shut his jaw with a faint click.
“Because you’re dealing with professionals”, Sherlock closed down the file and straightened up, “and I doubt they would be that sloppy, no, this is a message to someone, and a warning…I need access, there is only so much you can capture on screen”.
Mrs Hudson indicated to Sherlock to sit and took the seat across from him, arms folded in front of her body and lips pursed.
“Sherlock’s been….Sherlock’s hurt?....I just thought someone must have had a little too much at the party and passed out, my father, he said there’d been an incident but that he had it covered and not to worry…I…shit John…and you think I would?...don’t be a knob I love him….I….fuck” He trailed off, aware that he’d revealed a bit too much, it wasn’t exactly bright to blurt out the fact he still loved him whether it was actually true or not.
“If we are quite done with being insufferable children Sherlock, I have a matter of some importance to discuss” Mycroft spoke, glaring icily between both of them. John just relaxed, spreading his arms along the back of the seat and curling his fingers through the downy hair on the back of Sherlock’s neck, stroking gently.
Oh, that was a surprise. Sherlock blushed as he felt his penis pushing out against the starched material of his breeches, as it became hot and filled with blood. Of course this had happened a few times before, it wasn’t new in that respect. Sherlock just hadn’t connected it with this. Sometimes he woke in the morning with it like that, poking upright and hard and leaking liquid from the tip, or there were the other times when was disturbed in the middle of the night and his groin was coated in a warm, sticky mess that stained his pyjama’s and made him itch when it dried onto his skin.
It started with a touch, fingers smoothing down the length of that pale, slim torso as Sherlock looked down at him eyes glazed over with want, breath expelled in ragged pants.
Sherlock grabbed the glass of juice that wasn’t currently leaving a wet sticky pool on the kitchen worktop, took a large swig, nodded once in acknowledgement to Sara and promptly walked out of the room again.
He wasn’t angry at Sherlock for leaving, after all, this was John’s mess. The kitchen door opened again.
“Steady there lad…let it go…I’ve got you” John coaxed softly in his ear as the pressure built and a desperate whine escaped his lips, his prick pulsing out warm stripes of white fluid onto his belly and John’s hand.
“I had a horrible feeling your little junkie act this morning was a little too convincing…is that what you were like…before you stopped?”
“Oh no, I think we can do much better than that…I don’t think much of your current method…and I thought that maybe I could be of some help?”
He shook his head, “Don’t drink it” he lied, regretting it immediately when he saw John’s face crumple a little and frown. Sherlock wanted to kiss him then, smooth those lines and see him smile. It had been nice to be wanted, truly wanted for a while.
Mama had said not to wander too far and to meet back at Selfridges no later than One. He expected she would want to take tea at some restaurant before they left, and had probably arranged to meet with some other old biddies to gossip about the other families of note who were currently in town.
Sherlock complied wordlessly. This was marginally disturbing Mycroft thought, and he found himself actually missing the verbal sparring and dramatic outbursts which usually marked one of their typical brotherly exchanges. He knew from experience that a quiet Sherlock was a dangerous Sherlock. His body performing on automatic pilot as his mind plotted and schemed. Of all the possible outcomes of this morning’s little exchange, Mycroft had not expected this.
Mycroft hadn’t answered, but he could tell by the set of his jaw that it was infinitely worse, but then his brother had dismissed him with a flick of the wrist to answer an urgent call from his office, and Sherlock still hadn’t any idea of the contents….
“Oh, I don’t know,” said John, as a vaguely diabolical idea sprang to mind, “Let’s just say you had a flair for the dramatic and an insatiable urge to piss certain people off…what would you do?”
“What do you think?” Sherlock worried at his lip as he waited for John’s verdict, both awkward and endearing.
“What a beauty you are” she whispered low into my ear when brought to a halt once more, “What say you come someplace quiet and sit in my lap for a time?”
At six o’ clock he pulled out of the car park in Mary’s car, with no clear idea of which way he would go. Left into town, or right, to the suburbs and his pristine marital home? He indicated right. Nope. If he was going to get through this torture tonight, he would definitely need a little help to cope. John indicated left instead, pulling out of the junction and heading straight for the Asda, a hundred yards down the road. Twenty minutes later he was back at the wheel, with a litre bottle of Jack Daniels on the passenger seat, his doctor’s bag wedged in front so it wouldn’t roll off onto the floor. The store had been full to bursting this close to Christmas, people wielding their trolleys like weapons of mass destruction, or Gladiator’s chariots, rampaging around the aisles.
“No, but compared to you, I’m a bloody born-again virgin. Look, there’s nobody else, hasn’t been for a while, you see, I just can’t seem to get this lanky, dark-haired idiot off my mind” his face softened and he leaned back, running a hand through his hair.
The thought of someone else’s hands on his warm, creamy skin made Sherlock reel with jealousy and grief, shackled by his own ridiculous pride.
John frowned then, and looked up, guiltily pushing the hand off his thigh and staring right through him with a puzzled expression as Sherlock froze. Could he see him, or sense him somehow?
“I can’t burden a stranger with my troubles Sherlock, I never even saw you before today….and what the hell could you do about that anyway?” he added defiantly
“I’m sorry Sherlock…for what happened at the weekend…what I did…I lost it again and I’m an idiot I know that…but I would never, ever hurt you, you know that…don’t you?”
They kept Sherlock overnight, for observation. He protested of course, only placated when the doctor agreed to let John stay with him, heavily influenced by Mycroft. “Sleep with me”, Sherlock said, the room dark now with the overhead lights out, just the dim orange glow from a lamp on the bedside table casting shadows across his face. And John didn’t argue this time, ignoring the doctor inside for once as he clambered onto the bed and lay down, his back to Sherlock’s chest, the way he loved it, not minding when Sherlock tossed back the covers and pushed a leg between his thighs, nuzzling contentedly into the back of his neck. Sherlock slept well for once, doped up on Codeine, John not so much, too hot as usual and disturbed every time the young nurse came to wake him, a necessary precaution for a head trauma, but thankfully she passed no comment on the fact they were sharing the bed.
Sally just looked down her nose at John with her lip curled. “Who are you then, his minder? Cause whatever he’s paying you isn’t enough”
John groaned inwardly. (Excellent choice Watson, could you have possibly sounded more needy and pathetic?) But Sherlock’s face glowed with pleasure.
“That I what?” John snapped, before he could finish. At the look on Sherlock’s face he regretted his outburst immediately. His face fell, and there was a brief moment of confusion before it too gave way to a blank mask of indifference.
“So” Greg slurped noisily at a mug of hot tea, earning another disapproving glare, “Kids transfer all the time, we’ve already had two since the start of term, what’s so fascinating about this one?”
“Well that doesn’t really come as any big surprise John, it’s a gay nightclub, not really your scene…until recently” he stood a little closer, using the excuse of the crowded bar area to nudge up against John, pushing a thigh between his legs while sipping innocently on a vodka and coke. A heavy-set bloke nudged him from behind, as he strained to get past and Sherlock put out his free hand to steady himself, hand pressed firmly in the centre of John’s chest, smirking to see John’s nipples harden in response to his touch. What the fuck was he supposed to do now? It didn’t seem like the kind of place to openly snog another bloke.
Sherlock lay completely still, hardly daring to breathe with the covers pulled up to his chin as John decided to clamber over him, rather than walk around to the other side. His foot got caught under one of Sherlock’s bony knees, and he sprawled across him gasping
“Good, that’s…good yeah, but not for a couple more years…..hey come in properly, I’m being a shit host tonight…living room…the pizza just got here, grab some quick before Stamford snaffles it all”
Pleasantries over, time to move on to the juicy stuff, Sherlock thought, cynically. Does it hurt Victor? Good.
“That you had been heading off the rails well before that, you had quite the reputation around town, did you realise?”
“I can’t say I’m surprised” she answered, “You might be tall, but you look very young, but I’m still not sure I get it…John?” She turned away from him then, aware the guest was unfairly bearing the brunt of her scrutiny and addressing her son instead.
But still he did not stop, crawling steadily backwards as he moved yet further down, eyes never once leaving mine, he raised an eyebrow as if in challenge to tell him stop, or no, for would you believe me friend, if I was to say that I was as yet unsure what he was about? He reached out, taking my cock in his hand, and I thought he only meant to bring me off that way as we had done before, but then I watched slack-jawed as he steadied the shaft and took the length of me into his open mouth. Anything, he could have done anything and I would have lain there willingly, but this exceeded all that had come before, the sight of his kiss- swollen lips which spoke such sweet words of love wrapped around my cock, sucking hungrily.
Sherlock took his hand wordlessly, pulling his unresisting form past the offending club that John no longer held any desire to enter, and onward to their final destination for the evening, Powerhouse.
“Let’s just go down, introduce me to your mum and let me charm the pants off her, and when she finds out we’re fucking, she’ll already like me so much she won’t care either way”.
His pulse pounded in his ears and his chest felt hot and tight. John leant forward and kissed him gently, chastely on the lips and pulled back again, eyes searching Sherlock’s face in the dim light.
He stepped forward and caught Sherlock around the waist, thumbing lightly over the silky material of his shirt.
“Don’t make this a contest to see who is the biggest slut Charlotte, I’m sure there’s plenty Anthea doesn’t know….yet” he hissed as he scraped back his chair on the polished oak floor.
His stomach lurched at the smooth, cold demeanour and sarcastic sneer. Sherlock narrowed his alien eyes and took another long, slow drag.
“Do stop talking in riddles Mycroft” Sherlock spat as he pushed reluctantly to his feet. His legs were stiff with cold and the rain had begun to seep through his coat to his t-shirt below. He held out a hand to John, and clasped his frozen fingers tightly.
Fight, John, fight! He couldn’t even manage to shout out because he could barely even breathe. He tried to stand up, grit and stone biting at his knees and palms, only to be slammed back down by a heavy-booted kick to his side, pain radiating out through his torso and legs as he tried to curl in on himself again. (Shit. If that was his kidneys he’d be pissing blood for a week.) Fists rained down on his shoulders, chest and ribs, the other fucker joining in too now, he thought, as his mind disconnected from the vicious assault, another John floating above, watching the wreck of a small body on the ground. Darkness pulled at the edges of his vision, almost making it complete.
Shit, John did know. It was one of the only things he and Sherlock had almost come to blows themselves over – Sherlock’s unsavoury recreational drugs habit, something which he had thought was now under control. Apparently not.
“No matter”, he said, pointedly ignoring the grimace on my face as he pressed a crusted roll into my hand, “Such events are noted for scandal far worse than ours…nothing will come of it I am sure. Come, make ready, for we are to see Lestrade in an hour, and you cannot come upon one such as he in the state that you are in, for he would sniff you out like a bloodhound as soon as you walk in the door”.
been scared, even if only a little, but had climbed right on despite all that, placed his trust in someone he barely knew, in
Four bottles later, Sherlock Holmes was well and truly pissed, and no longer sporting a semi for his best friend. (Not that he actually cared any more whether he did) His coat had disappeared somewhere ages ago and his scarf, for some reason, was on his head. He was the dread pirate red-beard, scourge of the seven seas.
“I? What more is there to say? I have not seen my brother these past seven years, all that I have is all the lawyers could document…”
‘Sherlock has come to live with us Tom dear, fresh from the country. Would it please you to have him as your new bedfellow and train him up for the gentlemen?”
Sherlock pinched his cheeks sarcastically, Victor slapped his hand away and told him he was a prick, “Christ, relax, you’re such an old woman these days Victor, I promise I’ll be home, all tucked up nice in bed, and up in time for school in the morning like a good little boy”.
my business” he raised his voice to an angry hiss, banging his fist on the counter and making Sherlock’s dish rattle, “You’re pushing me away, but yet you’re still coming round here, just tell me what’s wrong and let me help”
He pulled away and whispered darkly in his ear “Because when you come to work tomorrow….I’m going to make damn sure everyone will be talking about that slutty little elf that Santa fucked”
“You might want to reconsider that Sherlock, I have news which could be of benefit to you both in more ways than one”, he arched an eyebrow and inclined his head towards John.
The attic boards were too fragile to stand upon lest we be cast into the room below. It was a precariously balancing act, the wood biting hard into our knees as we progressed, the stench of wood-smoke drifting from the chimneys somewhere far below, the bricks all blackened with soot.
“She was convicted of aiding and abetting a known felon in an American court of law and sentenced to fifteen years in a Florida jail, no chance of parole”
“Isaac…sorry mate…my key wouldn’t fit…has Mary had someone out to change the locks? We had a bit of a row earlier and….”
His muscles screamed in protest, hair sticking to his brow in sweaty clumps as he gave it hard and dirty skin slapping on skin, slick with lube and sweat, wet and filthy.
“Unless you want to spend all night giving statements after the police arrive…Lestrade won’t let a charge of ‘assaulting a police officer’ slip by”
“Oo--kay then,” said not-quite-Jan, in an irritatingly cheery voice, standing by one of the beds. “You need to lie face down, your head in the hole in just your underwear please.” She lifted the corner of an origami towel triangle in what she imagined was a helpful way. “And this will unfold to cover you. There’s a hook on the back of the door to hang clothes on if you want, I’ll give you a minute to get settled, yeah?”
He flipped himself over until he was sitting with his legs tucked beneath him on his knees, facing a pile of huge fluffy pillows at the top of the bed. God, what he wouldn’t give to take one home to mother, one of these would be so much better than the three flat old things she currently had.
“And you know how long they keep you waiting in those places don’t you? Who would have thought it could take so long to get a bloody x-ray!”
John pursed his lips, hand pausing over the door handle. The boy was sitting up now at the head of the bed, back against the plumped-up pillows, long legs curled under him to one side. He was wearing very tight jeans, the type that almost look sprayed-on, and were probably women’s. John doubted if they made men’s jeans that skinny and hated himself for noticing. The t-shirt was tight too, straining across his chest, faded and stretched out around the neck, like it was a favourite that he’d pulled over his head a few too many times. The boy yawned and stretched, probably on purpose to make the bottom ride up and reveal a tantalising flash of a milky-pale washboard stomach and the hint of a dark happy trail that disappeared below the waistband.
The most notable absence was Greg, in Sherlock’s opinion. He would have been useful to reign in Mycroft’s more blatant attempts at manipulation tonight, and Mycroft was undoubtedly more tolerable in his grounding presence, more ‘human’.
anyone honestly,” and before he could lose his nerve he blurted, “how about you then…girlfriend…boyfriend? Which is fine, to have a boyfriend I mean.”
Sherlock snorted loudly at his side, which he unconvincingly tried turning into a cough. He raised a questioning eyebrow at John and then turned away, bending to retrieve a Christmas gift.
He was sat on the chaise by the fire in his room, newly lit to stave off the chill of the evening air. His waistcoat was slung across the bed, shoes and stockings on the floor beneath, and so he appeared to me the image of true beauty with his bare chest exposed, shirt unbuttoned to the waist to reveal his unrivalled form. I shed my clothes, all but the thin linen drawers, and climbed upon the chaise beside him, laying myself down until my head was nestled atop his thighs. I wriggled around to face him, long legs dangling off the end somewhat, and so I drew them up and folded them beneath me as best I could.
