John is up to something, but Sherlock can’t parse out exactly what. He’s been awfully secretive, and Sherlock’s sure he’s not cheating; the sex has been too fantastic and too frequent recently for it to be that, plus he knows John with his heart and soul, knows John like he knows his own pockets, and knows beyond all doubt that John’s not got anyone else.
“Hello, Rosie, it’s me. Your dad. I’m crap at these things, but…..I want you to know my voice, if you can hear me, and I want you to know that I love you
Sherlock sinks into his bed in and sleeps, truly sleeps, for the first time since before John’s wedding.
John had sat with his head in his hands, weighing his options while his pregnant wife slept in the next room of their villa on the Mediterranean coast.
As he kisses my back, he tells me he realises that I left for him, that I was trying to protect him, and
Wobbly-lipped, teary-eyed, Sherlock pulls John to his feet then sinks into John’s arms. The two of them remain that way in front of the counter in the lab of St. Bart’s, where both lives had been irrevocably altered those many years ago. They hold one another wordlessly as they absorb the profundity of this moment into their marrow. If each notices the tear tracks glistening on the other’s cheeks neither mentions it.
Iodine
Coats and scarves – well, Sherlock’s coat and scarf – are replaced. John guides Sherlock to the sofa and plops him there, then takes a seat on the opposite end. Their toes are icicles but they ignore them in favor of engaging in much-needed dialogue.
John turns them around and gentles Sherlock toward their bed, nipping kisses along his jaw, ear, and neck in the process. He lays Sherlock down on their bed and climbs atop him to straddle his hips, both men still fully clothed.
John rubs his eyes and grits out
As planned, Sherlock reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out a folded piece of paper. His hands tremble as he uncreases it – he wants to make sure to get this right
Once the party is over and the well-wishers are gone, we are both wrung out. Emotionally and physically. We head back to the flat – and yes, I carried my husband over the threshold, laugh if you want to - where we collapse into bed from sheer exhaustion, and we sleep for what feels like a year. It really is more like three hours.
to him and
“What you’re going to do right now is clean your teeth, put that velvet box in your pocket, and get into the car. You’ve got a wedding and a sizzling date very soon, dear.” She winks at him, and he rolls his eyes as sons do when their mothers mention anything that could remotely be construed to be about sex.
“My heart was wrapped up in clover the night I looked at you.
, regrets of years wasted, tears for what might have been and what will never be, tears over bodies on the rainy Saint Bart’s pavement and bodies riddled with bullets, whispers in the night
He starts with Sherlock’s hair, breathing in the scent of Sherlock’s shampoo and luxuriating his fingers through the phenomenal curls which John tried for years to pretend wasn’t the stuff of his fantasies. John moves to Sherlock’s eyes, those gorgeous irises reminiscent of the Caribbean lagoons he’d seen on calendar pictures. He places a chaste kiss over each one, almost worshipful in his slowness.
An hour passes, then two. John stirs and without opening his eyes whispers, “I think I should do that every night.”
. He slides fingers ever so softly down the shaft, and the friction between John’s fingers and Sherlock’s foreskin and glans causes Sherlock’s knees to give way ever so slightly. John wraps his entire hand around Sherlock’s cock and gives him another couple slow tugs, pulling the foreskin up over the glans and back down the shaft. Sherlock can only do his best to stay upright.
“Mr. Watson, if you’ll please wait out in the theatre waiting room. We’ll come find you as soon as we have an update.”
*************
“You’re….being extra romantic here. I’ve always known you were this way, but I’m taken aback by the level to which you’ve taken this dinner,” Sherlock tells him as he takes his seat in the chair opposite Sherlock.
Together they make quick work of John’s pants, leaving warm skin to rub against warm skin as they press their naked bodies tighter together and John pulls Sherlock back on top of him for another deep-throated kiss. Friction continues to build as they kiss and rub against one another, John’s cock dripping copious amounts of pre-come, and Sherlock (having had the more recent orgasm) having some but not quite as much.
John softly takes Sherlock’s face and holds it in both his hands as he smiles and holds his husband’s gaze for a few seconds. Sherlock’s hands light on John’s hips and their lips meet, gently and tentatively at first, then deepening as the weight of the moment falls on their shoulders. They kiss deeply for a few long seconds before pulling apart to face the audience.
A nurse walks by and if she notices the heaving shoulders and silent tears in the low lights of intensive care, she understands that the man doesn’t want a third party lingering. She keeps moving.
, until he is buried balls-deep inside the marvelous specimen of a man splay-legged and braced against their sitting room door where anyone might hear. “Oh. Ohhhhhhh,” moans Sherlock, rather vociferously, as John sinks into him. “Move, John.
For a while they are too emotionally raw over Rosie’s death and their newfound relationship to do anything but make out a day-to-day existence.
“Sherlock, what exactly
When he takes the final steps around the corner, he finds Sherlock’s lips pressed to Rosie’s little hand wrapped around his index finger. Eyes wide with wonder, Sherlock pronounces, “Look, John. I know it’s a primitive newborn reflex, and I know she can’t see me, but it’s like she knows who I am.”
“I found a thrill to press my cheek to…
He smears a gracious dollop of lube onto his penis and bends down to take me into his arms for yet another series of kisses before lining himself up at my backside. His thick beautiful cock stretches me, and although he has taken his time and prepared me well, the sensation is still one that requires some getting used to. I do not mind it, though, because this is my beloved John.
, gives John a sheepish smile, and nods.
John is a man who can take a hint, especially when it involves a chance to have this beautiful arse and the beautiful man it belongs to. His mouth goes dry as he grinds up to Sherlock and squeezes his arse cheeks through Sherlock’s trousers, which still cover Sherlock’s backside. He reaches into Sherlock’s pocket to find a packet of lube and decides not to ask Sherlock how he knew what the night would entail. He slides the trousers just low enough to get a view of Sherlock’s muscular bum and is rewarded by the sight of the thickest plug he’s ever seen holding Sherlock’s hole open. His mind is wild with lust, “Christ, Sherlock, that is the hottest fucking thing I’ve seen so far tonight, you all ready and open. Waiting for me.
“Sherlock, I am so in love with you. I am so sorry for the time I wasted being a goddamned idiot.” John gasps when he breaks their kiss in order to breathe.
11.59am
Rosalie Margaret Watson
3.40am
*************
It’s John’s birthday coming up, and this year, along with making his mum’s pot roast for John like he does every year, Sherlock’s going to attempt to bake John a birthday cake as well. He braved the lines at Sainsbury’s a couple days ago in order to stock up on necessary ingredients. Keeping them all hidden from John, who uses the kitchen for cooking far more often than Sherlock does, has proven to be the far more difficult task.
“Jim Moriarty knew this. The night I met him at the swimming pool and found you trapped in enough explosives to do in half of London ought to be proof of that. When you offered to die and told me to run, I had no idea how to process that. No one had ever volunteered to give their own life to save mine before.
“Mmmmm, sooner rather than later, John,” Sherlock breathes out. His voice is tinged with a whimper of desperation.
“Mister Watson, would you like us to talk to you like you’re a doctor or like you’re a husband and father-to-be?” asks a blue-eyed Irish obstetrician who has come into the room to evaluate Mary’s current condition.
16.33pm
“Listen, Sherlock. I don’t even know where to start.” John inhales and exhales, puffing out his cheeks on the exhale. “Mary’s gone.”
3) Abruptio placentae is just another way of saying placental abruption. Medical people slip in and out of Latin and Greek phraseology without realising.
The physician continues, “We will still be present in Rosie’s care, we will do everything we can to help her remain comfortable, and we welcome any ideas you have as well. No one will force anything upon you, but we welcome you to be here with her as much as you possibly can so that her final weeks, days, or hours – we can’t predict how long, exactly – are filled with the presence of people who love her. We have found that parents also benefit from this, because you are able to make memories with your child that you can carry with you forever.
15.48pm
Sherlock shuffles in the doorway of the flat, suit jacket in hand, obviously uneasy. “John…I-…I’m not sure the best way to ask you this.”
The box in John’s pocket contains more than an accessory signifying forever. Memories of trauma, sorrow for a life ended
*************
“Morning, beautiful,” John whispers.
John lets go of Sherlock’s right hand and bends retrieves the box from his pocket. In one motion John bends to one knee and pulls the ring from it to slip on Sherlock’s left ring finger. He kisses the back of Sherlock’s hand before asking,
“Of course I do; you’re my best friend and right now the person helping me keep my head on my shoulders.”
, he thinks.
“I think I should suck your cock every night, you idiot,” John replies with a soft smirkish grin on his face, opening his eyes just enough to peek over his right shoulder at Sherlock. “Not only are you fucking gorgeous when you come, but I slept better last night than I’ve slept in years.”
. – SHW
As we’ve already addressed in the story, Rosie is very very sick, but in a case like hers, they’d probably say, we’re less worried about her IV line staying in, and more worried about her father getting a chance to hold her while she’s still alive, because we don’t know how long that will be.
Sherlock turns his gaze toward John on the sofa, his vision blurry through tears, and sees John as he must’ve been at twenty. Gone are the worry wrinkles, the furrowed brow, the lines around John’s eyes that aged him unfairly. John’s ocean-blue eyes sparkle and he smiles the smile of a man given a third second chance.
*************
“John…you’ve likely deduced the reason for my being so insistent about slicing cake earlier. If not, well….you are about to. Before you came along, I had no one. I wasn’t joking when I told you I didn’t have friends. I had built walls in order to insulate myself from the reality that no one knew me at my innermost. You came along and you breathed a need into me of which I was previously unaware. Thanks to you, I became appreciative of the beautiful, observant of the romantic. You healed past hurts that I had pushed aside in the interest of the work and, I suppose, as a matter of self-preservation. Whether it is shooting a cabbie or rescuing me from a crack den or causing the wall around my heart to crumble, you have – truly – saved my life more times than you know.
I feel Sherlock’s grip on my waist tighten a bit. Sherlock knows that before him, before Mary, there was James. We never were meant to be, James and me, and we know that. We met in Afghanistan, during the stress and trauma of combat, and not many people knew about us.
Sherlock pulls away and, in what John finds to be an impossibly endearing – if sexually frustrating - streak of humanity, shouts in John’s ear, “I’LL BE BACK IN A MOMENT. I NEED THE LOO.” And before John can blink, he’s gone.
. – SHW
, John thinks, as he hears the words Sherlock can only speak through his violin strings. John’s entire body aches from the mental taxation of spending time at his daughter’s grave and ruminating – still – upon the mess he’s managed to make of everything. It is all he can do to grab some of the food Sherlock has left on the stove
Now that Rosie is free from all her lines, she can lie directly on John’s chest. With Rebecca’s help, John moves from face-up in his arms to on her belly on his chest, her face turned toward Sherlock. John breathes in the scent of her hat, her baby skin, and her baby drool and closes his eyes, but not before a tear spills out of one eye.
God, she is tiny. Just over two thousand grams at birth, about four and a half pounds. The nurses recognise John with sad smiles – news travels fast, they’ve heard about Mary – and they lead him back to Rosie’s bedside. There’s a chair already waiting.
“The thing is, if we keep doing all these things, giving her the medications and IV fluids, she will have to stay here in intensive care hooked up to machinery, and eventually she will still die anyway. She will just spend more time suffering in the process.”
Doctor Smithson appears around the corner, dims the lights, and asks the men to put away their phones for a few minutes. After John assures the physician that no more family will be joining them for the conversation –
5 January 6.38am
“I have had some time to process what you said to me last night and while I may still be unable to articulate things exactly, I feel I owe it to you to respond to what are without a doubt the kindest words anyone has ever said to me. Especially before we deal with the enormity of what lies ahead of us today.
. He heads back upstairs to the intensive care unit to see Rosie.
, John thinks to himself behind the softest of smiles.
John Watson has never been more in love with another human being as he is the second his gaze falls upon his daughter who –
“The baby. Rosalie Margaret.” John half-smiles whilst he fills in an unasked detail.
“John. There is no doubt in anyone's mind that you love Rosie, and whatever decision you make, you will make out of love for her. I will support you whatever you decide.”
****************
all this?”
- but after seeing Rosie’s vital signs normalise yesterday at the sound and feel of him, he tucks the nurse’s words into his heart and leaves them there.
John begins to rock slowly, slowly at first, then picking up the pace. “You feel so warm and tight around me…..husband mine,” John grits out as he licks and kisses the nape of Sherlock’s neck and his earlobes. “I am going to make you feel so good, love, right here. You will not know who or where you are by the time I’m done with you. ”
Sherlock meets his eyes, grateful to whatever powers that may or may not be for throwing this loyal, kind, and stunningly gorgeous fellow into his orbit those many years ago. He realizes that this man is his everything and then some.
is – but he knows she’s not who he thought she was when he met her in the deepest throes of grief after Sherlock jumped. He has played the game for too long and isn’t sure how much longer his patience will last. He wants nothing to do with the woman in the hospital bed less than a metre away from him, but for now, for here, he must keep up the charade.
Daddy
; Victoria has told both men prior,
Victoria wipes a tear or two out of her eyes before facing the audience and continuing. “Although the husbands are not Jewish themselves, they have elected to include one more meaningful Jewish ceremony today. In a Jewish wedding, it is a joyful end to the ceremony when the groom breaks the glass. Breaking the glass has a twofold significance for John and Sherlock, the first being that as the glass is smashed, so are all the regrets of your pasts. The second meaning, the traditional Jewish one, is that your bond is as permanent as the shattered glass. As there are two grooms, it feels fair that since John Watson-Holmes initiated the wedding kiss, Sherlock Holmes-Watson will be the one to break the glass by stomping it. As you do this, Sherlock, this is the wish we have for you both: May your love sustain you and keep you together for as long as it takes for the pieces of glass to come back together. In other words, may you stay together forever.”
“John. Welcome home.”
Of course John will do right by his daughter.
“Bloody hell, I thought you’d never ask.”
Sherlock scrambles for their coats and gloves, then wraps his blue scarf about his neck to keep out London’s unseasonable May iciness. They huddle for warmth in the tube station as they wait for the Circle train to carry them to their destination.
know how to do. I’m still in shock over the fact that we’re finally here now, together, and he’s finally my husband.
She is the same mother sorting his tie for him today as she was those many years ago when she wouldn’t have him sleeping rough. He doesn’t know what he’d do without her.
John and Sherlock grieve Rosie's death. Short and intense chapter.
Sherlock is trembling. “John, I-“
Thirty minutes later Sherlock is being led to the table, his trembling fingers intertwined with John’s sturdy
Sherlock’s hands continue to tremble and his eyes focus mostly on the floor, but his pulse is no longer throbbing in his ears, and his palms aren’t as sweaty as they were whilst he was fumbling trying to tie his own tie. Though he has never said the words out loud, Sherlock loves Martha Louise Hudson as much as he loves his own mother.
, where the marginalised or innocent are concerned; he only pretends not to so he doesn’t lose his ability to help people.
– Doctor Smithson sits down with John and Sherlock and takes a deep breath.
The boys are finally in the same room and saying words to one another!
John pulls out his phone and scrolls through the photos to show Sherlock a photo he’d snapped earlier before he fell asleep at Rosie’s bedside.
Time blurs into more time as John stays by the bedside of this impossibly tiny lovely creature. Bladders eventually fill, though, and after about four hours John has to take a leak. He heads out of the NICU to find the waiting room, which has toilets and more shit coffee.
John’s brain switches from crusty-tired husband to trauma surgeon at the timbre of Mary’s panicked voice as he glances up to see her throwing off her bedsheets. Her hospital gown hangs around her pregnant belly (
I adore the song quoted at the beginning - Cat Stevens/Yusuf Islam is an unequaled musical talent. If you want to hear it in full (and I recommend, because it's gorgeous), here is a link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP6B9HttRI8
comes the reply, as we burst into fits of giggles and afterward fall into a peaceful slumber on our first night as husbands.
John’s heart is pounding out of his chest; he is so uncertain of what to expect, but the thought of holding his own daughter for the first time – a person who previously did not exist – almost overwhelms him. He goes to the loo and grabs some water in order to be able to sit with Rosie for at least an hour like the nurse wants him to. John – having not prepared for this beforehand – has to take off his button-down and undershirt so that Rosie can lay on his bare chest, but puts his button-down back on again so as not to freeze.
John shuffles up the stairs, his couple small suitcases and coat in hand, that being all he deemed worth taking from the freezing somber flat.
5 September, 2015
“I have not deleted any part of planning your wedding, your stag night, your wedding day, or any subsequent contact we have had. They are painful memories, yes, but they involve you, and I am unwilling to delete any memory in which you are present.
It has been a relatively easy day – a short trip to Scotland Yard to give a few statements to Lestrade and the crew, then nothing on for the rest of the day. Sherlock and John make their way to Sainsbury’s for some vegetables to sauté – Sherlock still isn’t fond of food shopping but will go with John because John likes it when he does – when they spot a toddler skipping alongside her mother. This towheaded azure-eyed being sports a slightly-too-large bee costume and her antennae bounce on her head each time she lands a step. Sherlock stops in his tracks and stares for half a minute.
“John, I wasn’t flir-“ Sherlock’s eyes flit about anxious and wide.
, he thinks.
*************
We are married. John Watson,
Cake out of the oven and icing spread, but not before Sherlock remembers to include one final ingredient, gingerly placing it between the two cake layers.
John watches – awestruck as he always is – as he watches Sherlock’s gears turn.
A noisy NICU and the bedside of a sick baby is not the place to sort it, so John stays where he is for a few minutes, taking multiple deep breaths and clenching and unclenching his fists as much to rein in his own catecholamines as to not bollocks this up with Sherlock.
"The other thing I want you to know is that your daughter has anencephaly. What that means is that she was born without most of her brain. She has the lower portions of her brain – what we call the brainstem – that allow her to continue breathing, but most of the rest is not there. She is missing the parts that control her vision, emotions, thoughts, and movements.”
soonish if you catch my meaning. As fine as you look in that shirt and those trousers….wait
I am breathless. And I am in heaven.
Sherlock kneels beside John, looks directly into Rosie’s unseeing eyes, and slips a hand onto Rosie’s back, just underneath John’s. Their fingers are loosely interlaced as they hold their daughter.
John gently grasps Sherlock’s hand and leads him to a chair at the table and, as befits a proper English gentleman, pulls out Sherlock’s chair and allows him to sit before sliding it closer to the table.
*************
“It gives me great pleasure,” Victoria intones authoritatively over all present, “to present the newlyweds to you: Mister Sherlock Holmes-Watson and Doctor John Watson-Holmes. As my people would say
“Then allow me to be the first. You are….exquisite. And if it’s alright with you, I’d like to see what you look like completely naked very very soon.”
Sherlock is the first to awaken in morning’s soft blue light, his right arm still around John and his hand splayed over John’s age-softened midsection. The sounds of London waking up are muted through their frosted bedroom window, and Sherlock still can’t quite believe his good luck at being here now and with this man asleep in his arms. He is still for a few minutes, watching John’s slow, regular
, she thinks.
5 January 2015, 14.02, St. Mary’s hospital waiting room
Thanks so much to all who are reading along, sticking with me, and trusting me to do right by this story. I love your comments, your feedback, and your kudos. This story is deeply personal to me and I'm grateful that I've put my heart out for you to read and you've been so kind with it. xx
Rosie's headstone reads, in Latin:
Dans le voisinage
FrVEr?
Let's just dive right in with the intensity, shall we? This was a hard section for me to write. I've tried to do it respectful justice.
At the sight of his husband-to-be, John gasps audibly and brings a hand to his mouth. His eyes are already brimming with tears.
“Sherlock, there are always two of us. And the answer is yes. Of course, we can be together. As close as you want.”
“I’m going out,” Sherlock declares, still looking away. “I know what you’re about to say, and frankly I’d rather save us all the trouble and just leave now.”
We roll over so that my husband is on top of me, and we kiss some more. I will never tire of this feeling, the soft wet sweet sensation of John Watson’s mouth in mine, our saliva mingling as the rest of our bodies will soon follow. Our souls mingling more deeply still.
“I believe I wasn’t done undressing you, Mister Holmes,” John says with an impish grin as he moves to unbutton Sherlock’s trousers. With a lift of his hips, Sherlock assists John in shucking them off and tossing them onto the hardwood floor. John slips one finger down each side of Sherlock’s pants and slips them down just enough so that the head of Sherlock’s cock peeks out. Sherlock begs, pleads with John to just take the damn pants off, for God’s sake, so John obliges and Sherlock is finally gloriously naked, and nothing John has seen in his prior four decades has prepared him for this. Sherlock, fully nude on their bed, a porcelain god if there ever was one, curls disarrayed around his head and writhing in desperation
Sherlock’s heart pounds against his ribs.
John reads the last text and something akin to – John’s not sure what it’s akin to, actually – something spreads in his chest. The last thing he thinks before sleep overtakes him is that his wife is dead and his daughter is dying, and he should feel alone in the world, but he doesn’t. Thank the God he doesn’t believe in, he does not feel alone.
I feel the tears that fall from his eyes onto my back, a sort of final cleansing of our past. I laugh through my own tears at what a sight we must be: two pasty middle-aged men with crow’s feet who’ve taken forever to finally find one another, crying on their wedding night as they make love. It’s equal parts mirth, relief, humor, and adoration, and I can feel rather than see that John’s tears are mixed with a smile as well.
“Yes sir.” John assumes parade rest.
As if I cannot feel any more bliss, John begins to move inside me, at first infinitesimally slowly. My legs wrap around his waist once more because I do not want him going anywhere. He leans down – or do I pull him down? – to kiss me. My arms are around his neck and I want us to stay like this forever. It is impossible to know where I stop and where John begins.
‘For them it is the Sama of this world and the next
John hesitates
Just as John is about to beg for
Le sommeil va bientôt venir.
The two men shower and change into their pyjamas, and John brings his pillow down from the second bedroom.
– John grimaces awake and isn’t sure what time it is or even if the day’s events have actually been real. The alarms of another baby's monitor jolt him in to the realisation that this all did in fact happen.
“Aaand now he’s shooting at us,” John pointed out.
He selected two for his niece to choose from.  A deep purple, and a dark, no, more dusty rose, both in velvet, fully lined.  Indicating a need to escape from the “Hello Kitty” in favor of the items he had selected, Lucy had deftly distracted Miranda with a chance to sit in a child sized chair near the mirror.
had set in the sitting room for vomit emergencies.  The boy felt awful, achey and hurting, and hot.  The only benefit, so far as Siger could see, was that he got to fall asleep that night curled up next to Daddy.  After the days of quarantine and staying mostly away from his father and his sisters, it was good to have Daddy hold him again.  Siger just felt sorry for
He’d experimented.  Of course he had.  Daniel and Emma when they were young had received familial kisses from their “Uncle Sherlock” generally when no one else was looking.  It was not the same.  He had tested Joy, Mycroft’s biological offspring, and Will, who was Lestrade’s, and verified the difference between kissing his own children, and those of others.  Even those who were technically his own genetic progeny, as Daniel and Emma were.  There was not the closeness, the tightness in his emotional centers.  Not quite the same sentiment.
“I hear Siger giggles!” Daddy said, looking over his shoulder.  “Are you ready for something to eat too?”
“Is that your house?” Siger knew not to touch the photograph, but he pointed at the sparkling Christmas tree behind the family. Off to the side was a table holding a Christmas village made of gingerbread.
The five (Siger was proud he had counted them earlier) of them were visiting a living
The tall, dark-curled man put his own arms about his spouse.  Speaking into John’s sand-coloured hair he said softly, “We didn’t even give them a first birthday party.”
“Father Christmas is stuck in the prop closet,” the Elf told her, torn between laughter and frustration.
“Why?”  Sherlock thought he had only asked it internally, but apparently had actually opened his mouth and put the question forth.
“Uncle Greg,” she said, startled, “How did you know I was here?”
“Are you feeling alright?” Bert asked his father.  “You look a little flushed.”
John Watson growled. “I take those into account, but I don’t think of those in terms of numbers and add them all together.”  He opened the door to 221C and gestured for his crazy spouse to precede him.
“What did you have in mind?” John asked with a wary look at the quartet of them.
Below them John caught glimpses of panda cars trailing them.  He didn’t know any of the police officers in this jurisdiction, not beyond their names and ranks.  It would be a treat if they didn’t arrest him and his madman for endangering the public welfare after all of this.
“No,” Siger explained, “They were little babies last Christmas.”
hold to peer down at the two tiny creatures in the bassinet.  “Bee,” he said, then “Baby.  Two.  Two babies.”  His hands worked in the signs he’d been learning.  The number two.  The sign for babies.
“She’s in London?” John asked.
untangle the fairy lights, and hand them up to me?”
Ross and Miri did not wake up until the meal was over.  He heard Daddy say, “I’ll get them,” and was out from under his blanket in a flash.  “Now Daddy?” he asked hopefully.
“Fine,”
still sounded uncertain.
That went over very well with Siger, Miranda, and Rosalind.  “John and I will just put
The first man broke in with, “You may want to have a dermatologist check out that mole.”  He then gave a “tsk” and a sigh, and said to the air, “so few keep on top of those things until it’s too late.”
She bubbled at him, “bbbbbb”.
For those of you who are not familiar with the Krampus, who has gotten major press this year (in my Pennsylvania Dutch home it's the Bellsnickle), here is information about December 5th, Krampusnacht.
“You have friends,
When Siger selected a biscuit each for himself, his Daddy, and his
John had at least gotten a good look at him.  That was something.  He said, “Thanks!” to the girl as he re-took his seat.
“This,” John Watson said, “feels ridiculous.”  All that could be seen of him was his face and part of his neck.
“Yes, on both pages,” his
“Not to eat,” Sherlock Holmes pointed out, as the family had given Mycroft a unique marzipan Christmas ornament last year, and planned on doing it again this year.  Of course, he did still eat them in front of his brother.  One must have some fun, after all.
“I thought you said you’d read the books?” John prodded.
There followed a lesson for John on how to shorten his military stride, to stretch the muscles on his hips to get them to relax enough for an easy motion of the hips, and how to keep his shoulders back, his arms to the side.  Miri and Ross and Siger all followed John following Sherlock about the flat walking like women, picking their way with more precisely placed steps..  Sherlock told John point blank, “I did not expect you would agree to wearing heels.  So the flats will have to do.”  It was late, but not quite the children’s bedtime before their
What did one expect from such a man?  John never knew what would happen next.  “Miri was just asking where we were going,” he said quietly.
John Watson hummed.  Sherlock caught the blue eyes gazing sideways at his own, currently grey ones.  He hummed in agreement.
That brought a bitter laugh. “Human nature and their tiny little brains?  Mycroft can’t be serious.  That’s like asking a goldfish to fly.”
“I know you are joking,” Sherlock raised his head.  “Even from you, fish fingers and custard sounds particularly vomitous.”
“Alone.  Desolate without you. Inundated by my brother and his very loud, very opinionated doctor.  John must never enter the same room as Boris Johnson or his advisors, or your professional services will be required.” Mycroft thought that struck the right note of humor.
Now, though, John was sitting stretched out on the couch, unable to move.  The children were finally upstairs asleep.  No sounds of movement.  Sherlock, after refusing to sleep for days, was draped over John, fast asleep.  John was debating whether or not it was worth waking his partner to drag him to bed.  It would be more comfortable.  But right now John found himself trapped, and entertaining himself by running fingers through the dark curls of his slightly snoring consulting detective.
“Alright,” John said as he turned off the kettle and prepared two mugs of tea, “Did ‘we’ reply to the invitation?”
“I had thought that Alice Brown could supervise that aspect of his education.  It would be interesting to observe and time his mathematical experiences.”  This was said simply.  No need to manipulate in this space.
There was paper on the table, and a pencil, and a list in Daddy’s writing.  “What are you making, Daddy?” Siger asked.
“I’m looking through the books, Ross.  Not all of these are right for you.  Not yet, anyway. Your
“It’s always had some grey, John,” Sherlock commented matter-of-factly before saying with a smile, “It suits you.”
“Daddy can do maths,” Siger said sternly, “He just needs to work some of it through carefully.  Pere says he is very good with titration.”
“No, what?” the blond-haired man asked with a smile.
John did have to admit that the children were entranced.  He did have nice, respectful children.  They weren’t mocking him for his makeover.  And if this is what it took to get them to understand that there were uses for makeup, but that mess that Evangelina had made was not one of them, then all to the good.
“How do you know?” John asked, smiling pleasantly, “Perhaps I just fancy a bit of fun time with my spouse of a morning?”
Sitting in this darkened venue, the odor of sweat and stale lager and fried onions drifted past them each time the front door opened and pushed the air back into the main room.  Ordinarily Sherlock enjoyed all aspects of such establishments; being able to dissect patrons, and practicing in character.  Tonight John’s attention was focused on his comrades returned from Afghanistan.  They’d already drunk to the departed.
“Your sound quality is off, My.  Where are you calling from?” Greg asked.
told him.  “I thought you got your flu jab.”
Daddy came around the corner and saw Siger watching.  “What’s up?” he asked.
http://www.giantmicrobes.com/us/products/redbloodcell.html
After a moment’s thought, and no quick response from John, he looked over at his friend with suspicion lighting his face.  “There is no way that the kids gave that to you. Not without help.  Though I wouldn’t call it help.  Even I wouldn’t do that to you.”
Hastily,
The carts came out, rattling ahead of cheerful attendants, and John moved back to the aisle seat, which was surprisingly less claustrophobic.  He had a cocktail - as he didn’t really trust the beer.  Then a moderately good dinner.  John’s tastes were simple enough.  It wasn’t until the lights had been dimmed as they flew over the North Atlantic that the child in the seat across the aisle spoke to him.
That night, as they dimmed the light in the nursery, Siger asked, “But what does it mean, Daddy?”
Sleep.  Sherlock had entertained dreams while he was away..  Not nightmares of the horrific things he’d seen and done.  Those came too, but these were dreams of living without John Watson by his side.  Of never hearing John tell him he’d been brilliant, or extraordinary.   Dreams of wandering about the Baker Street flat, empty of tea and jumpers and John’s laptop.  Even more importantly, devoid of John Watson.
(See the end of the chapter for
Over the past two years  - once Siger began to actively notice that Sherlock was not eating while on a case - the consulting detective began to take in the most modest possible amount as a positive example for his son.  In the course of those two years he had gotten acclimatized to eating.  Or, say rather, that his transport had.
“Excellent,” Sherlock gloated, “We’ll get there long before the police.”
Siger looked straight at his father and told him, “Don’t you mean ‘victim’?”
Stepping over to the sitting room windows, empty of glass and still dripping from the fire hoses, he picked up his sodden violin from the floor.  The cannonade of water had knocked over the music stand and sent the instrument flying onto the carpet.  He didn’t like to put the violin into the sodden wet velvet interior of its case.  Best to just bring it with him, cradled carefully under his arm.  A sticky lump of rozin joined the bees in his trouser pocket.
“You’ve got it!” John sounded a bit proud.
“I’d just like to be certain that this path is the one that you do want to follow.  You’re very young to be heading off by yourself.  Granted you are very gifted, musically and academically, but it might be more beneficial for you socially to remain at this school for another two years.”  She’d been on about this for the past year.  When he’d first come to her with the application Siger had thought she’d have a heart attack. His dad had taught him exactly what measure to take in that event, so he was somewhat disappointed when she did not.
in his crib, Anna.  I expect it’s better for him to sleep with the other children tonight.  Don’t forget to make some for us,”  Sherlock intoned as he urged his doctor down the hall.  Anna reluctantly handed the baby over before ushering the rest of the children back to the kitchen.
Mycroft had fussed with his hair, much like father’s, but kept longer and styled to within an inch of its life.  At least while Mycroft was in school.  Once his brother had come into his own at the office, the style had become expensively sensible.  Then when he’d started to lose it - male pattern baldness - that had changed again.  Mycroft no longer seemed to care about controlling what he could not, the loss of his hair along the front.  No combovers for Mycroft..  Neat and tidy, severe, plain and never one hair out of place.  Aside from the balding, not at all like Mummy’s father, whose hair often looked like an unmade bed, at least according to Mummy.
Emerald green, scarlet, royal blue, gem tones were big at this time of year.  There were black velvet skirt sets.  Plaids.  No, there would be no plaids.  The quality of the fabric was good.  Mycroft enjoyed the feeling of the silks and brocades, the plush catch of the velvet against his fingertips.
“Point taken.  The murder victim was disposed of by roasting and then being distributed into a variety of skips around London.  Possibly eaten by vermin, dogs, cats, and the homeless before the method of disposal was discovered and the rest of the body parts were tracked down, discovered, and impounded by NSY.” The clinical recitation was helping, actually.
Later, as John and Sherlock were dressing the tree, John filled in Siger’s great dinner time explanation about the setting up of the Christmas tree, about Big Tom, and Thin Ben, and their dog, Samson.  “Tom gave me a list of shelters and rescue places where Siger could help out a bit,” he finished.
“You’ve been on that Pottermore site again, haven’t you?” Sherlock said suspiciously.
Sally Donovan stepped closer, keeping her voice down.  “We’ve got the place cordoned off, and we’re evacuating everyone quietly.  There’s one man left from the Parker gang, and we know he came in here.   And we know he hasn’t left.”
They had no rainbows. Of course, they hadn’t known about the rainbows. The entire family were secreted within the grounds of an enormous house in Scotland on a large plot of land.  There was the drive, but it wasn’t like in London. They weren’t looking out the windows of Baker Street, or looking into homes from the streets to see what other families had pasted up to show solidarity.
“John?” Sherlock started, coughed, then said, “Father Christmas is sneaking up the back stairway.”
Mary Carol, her sister, was in the states with her children this year.  Anthony had been offered a transfer, with the company paying to move the entire family. Martha thought she might be able to afford to fly to Houston.  She didn’t like to, though.  Christmas was better here in England.  Even without family.
The tall, still thin man sighed heavily.  “I expect,” he said, “that my Great Work will be studying bees, when I retire.  But still, I regard you and your sisters as each being a wondrous accomplishment in your own rights.”
His tall, thin partner pulled a box the size of a plumber’s kit from behind the sofa, and took from within it a light blue, knee length smock.  “To be certain that I do not ruin my clothing,” he told the girls and boy.  He shrugged into it, and of course it fit perfectly.
Siger answered seriously, “A people one, Daddy.  A hee-you-mun one.”
Tony Cavallo Moran refused to speculate on Seb’s plans for the boy’s future.  Better not to get attached.  Ten more years on the contract, and then he was free as a bird.  And rich as old Croesus.
“I can’t find Lambkin.  I wanted to let Ross sleep with him” Siger said miserably.
“I love those things too,
Siger looked the man over, reading him the way Sherlock had taught him.  “How do you know they’re not your geese?” he asked.  It was probably what John should have asked first, but he hadn’t thought of it.
“That is
“Do you?” Sherlock asked his pink-clad daughter.
https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2011/dec/01/12-crimes-christmas
“Siger, do you want to help me practice signs with Ross and Miri?” John offered.
Dr. John Watson cursed and rocketed forward.  He slammed the door open, catching the long barrel of the rifle against the wall.  Leading with his left fist he knocked a stout figure in red trimmed with fake ermine backward down the stairs.  By the time the murderer tried to rise, John had his hands zip tied behind his back.
“No,” Siger said factually, “Because I was waiting for you to let me open the box.”
John Watson had a moment of frozen wonder, blinking and startled.  “We’re behind schedule for Christmas?”
Alright, I'm trying this again, after a dry period with my writing.  I'm also trying to finish the 2018, so we'll see how this all goes.
“Most times,” Sherlock admitted.
One boy was small, and thin, and had his dark hair slicked back on his head.  He looked mutinously at the photographer.  The other boy was taller, older, with red hair, and a very much plumper build, and his smile for the camera was shy.  His roundness did not look at all like Uncle Mycroft, whom Siger tended to think - with his pointy nose and all - resembled the stick insect from the London Zoo.
The sergeant, who had rung off his mobile told him, “Mr. Holmes is down at the station house.  He’s asked us to give you a lift, as he’s discovered who’s behind the thefts.  And the voyeurism.”
“No!” Sherlock sounded shocked, “Of course it isn’t.  What are you on about, John?”
He did not have to come back to London.  To John, and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.  And Mycroft. To the Homeless Network.
“All ready for the game, I see!” Uncle Greg said, which gave Siger a thought.  Daddy must have texted Uncle Greg.  Or Uncle Greg had inferred it from the clothing, and the fact that Siger was there, while
“Yes,” said Siger doubtfully.
to Siger?”
, who liked to explain things said from his place on the pillow with eyes now closed, “It is a
“Daddy?” Siger remembered the shopping that he and
?” just as Mrs. Hudson opened the door, saying, “Sherlock, dear, I think your brother wants you to call him.”
“Yes, well…” John hid a smile. “We’ll be concentrating on stories for a while, regardless.  Doesn’t mean we’ll stop --” He didn’t get to finish that sentence.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why yes, I did notice something like that downstairs,”
Bert knew that Mrs. Hudson’s husband, Frank, had been executed by the state of Florida in the United States for the crime of murder. That bit was not, of course, mentioned in front of Siger.
“What is that? What are you doing?” John asked as he peered into the oven at the lovely brown roast, tied with string and resting in an enamel roaster.  There were no other foods simmering on the stove to accompany it.
“You let me know if the bright light hurts your eyes, okay?” Daddy started to gather him up, along with the duvet, a pillow, his plush violin, and his plush red blood cell.
There were kisses and “goodnight”s all around.  The light was turned out, and the fairy lights switched on.  Siger listened to his parents as they closed the door.  “Honestly, Sherlock,” Daddy was saying, “‘an imaginary animal created by the author specifically for eating at Christmas?’ ‘No correlation?’”
“I always can guess,” she said, “and that’s why I’m going to write my own stories.  So there will be books like what I want to read.”
Ignoring the grumblings of the good doctor, the taller man spoke to his son, “Let’s get your dragon outfit out of the hallway, Siger.  Then we can have breakfast, and you’ll take your medicine.  Your sisters are in the bedroom?” And the man swept Siger off, leaving John to his battle with the laptop.
After a moment of observation, Sherlock sat down cross-legged next to his son and watched his movement, working idly to predict which piece Siger would need next.
Rising, his father set about the business of tucking Siger in, while John shelved Saint Nicholas’s visit.  Kisses were exchanged, and bestowed upon those already asleep.
“Just one more minute!” Daniel was pleading to John.
muttered, but Siger thought he was not supposed to hear it.
Siger dragged the snug sack from under the crib.  “Yes,” he said shortly and began to shove the holes over Will’s pajama clad legs.
I am not British, nor do I have a comprehensive knowledge of insurance.  If you notice something I've said amiss, please let me know.
“December 1st, the beginning of Advent, which is the celebration of the coming of the Christ,” John Watson read out loud from the bulletin to his three children, wriggling about on the solid, polished wooden pew.
“When doing stage makeup, or changing your appearance, the beginning layer on your canvas is the base.”  Pulling several jars from the box he compared the color through the glass with John’s skin.  “Daddy is fair complexioned.  I’m going to make his complexion even fairer.  We could change that completely with makeup, but it’s difficult to do it well enough to fool everyone.  And it can also be considered offensive to take on a skin tone that is not your own.  A white man masquerading as an African could be offensive to people of colour.  A woman with very dark skin in makeup that makes her look fair is also problematic.  You realize,” he turned to give them a tutorial eye, “that my gendered examples are random.”
Sweater clad arms slid around his side, his partner, his spouse, pulled him into hug from behind.  “The Queen’s speech,” John said over the soulder of Sherlock’s imaculate royal blue button up.
It did not work particularly well.  When Daddy was very tired of reading
“It does look like dancing, doesn’t it,” Bert agreed.  He found some videos on Youtube of Olympic skating, and they watched that for a while.  Miri and Ross demanded to be up on the couch watching with them, but quickly lost interest.  They asked to be put down, and spent the time having a conversation of sounds and bubbles.
“God knows,” Siger said in a tone that sounded suspiciously like his consulting detective father, and then at a meaning look from his doctor father, “Sorry, Daddy.  I mean, I don’t know.  I think it was some girls in their classes.”
Bert wondered why Mrs. Hudson always used the skillet to smack intruders instead of the heavy marble rolling pin. Possibly because a dented frying pan could still be used, while a dented or chipped rolling pin would be pretty much useless.
The babies were tended to first, and
“Would you prefer that I sit with my knees bunched up to my chest?” his partner asked sarcastically.  “Is it my turn yet for this inane game?”
Something they want, something they need.  Something to wear, and something to read.
Settling down on the bottom step Siger could peek at his parents.
Today Mrs. Hudson said, “I think we’ll try cut out  today, Siger, as you’re old enough to help me with those.”
One last always made Miranda think of a disguise.  A quality one, to be sure.  But still something was not quite right about the ash blonde hair, about the custom makeup that she wore, about her steady stillness as she focused intently upon the piece.  After three months, though, one gets used to even the falsities.  Though speaking of falsities, the breast reduction she’d obviously gone through was still making her sit stiff and hampering her finer movements.
“Open it in the sitting room,” his father instructed, before running off to check on Bert and Mrs. Hudson, and take away their trays.
,” he said, “A package with an ‘es’ on it!  Is it for me?”
“Of course.  I’ll just fetch it, shall I?” Daddy said and disappeared through the bedroom doorway.  “It’s from Mary Watson,” Daddy said cheerfully when he came back.
Miranda, usually the follower, appeared dragging a trough made of some type of dark, marbled plastic.  The floral printed dress she’d insisted on wearing that morning was no longer neat looking, and had picked up an unidentifiable stain near the hem.  “Daddy!  Look!” she grinned as she hauled her prize along after her big brother.
“Yes, Siger?” His father looked down.
grinned, and Siger grinned back.  He loved learning about
“Other than goose muck?” his father asked, then took a sniff.  “Oh.  That smells like curry.  And something else.”
“Daddy!” Siger’s eyes -- so much like his biological father’s, shifting from green to gray against the red of the dyed cotton -- widened. “I am a dragon.  I am not funny, I am terrifying!”
Another deep sigh, and more relaxing.  “And you are experimenting with what, exactly?” John asked.
Another twitch from his spouse.  Siger thought for a moment, then said, “Okay, Daddy.” He went back to the sitting room to play Dread Pirate with the mermaids there - both the one inching around on the carpet barefooted, and the other who was sitting on her nappy throwing blocks about the room.
“I don’t know whether I should marvel at the smoothness with which this is occurring, or be terrified,” John commented.
No one else did.  That was for his master alone.  Not even Tiger. And while Sebastian Moran gave him his marching orders, Cuddle’s master was Jim Moriarty.
Before Sherlock could take off in a manic spree of research into the value of meat-based murder, John brought him back to the point.  “Why are you roasting… what is that? Beef?  Pork?”  It didn’t look like lamb or a chicken.  It did smell very good.
“Mr. Phillips the Postman says it to Grammy Hudson,” Siger told him, even though Siger was sure that Daddy had not meant him to hear the question.
The big man laughed, “Samson, for all he looks like a little lion.  How did you know I had a dog, little lad?”
Even with Father.  James didn’t talk much to Father outside of lessons anyway.  Father talked only to Mother at the dinner table.  James could not imagine father with a gun.
for Christmas?”
“Fear not!” Miranda copied her brother.  Sherlock wondered if Rosalind knew the signs for the phrase.  He did not hear her small voice involved in the conversation.
His son looked up quickly, eyes wide in shock.  “No!  No sweet!” Siger said loudly.  “Siger is sweet.  Baby, not sweet.”  His hands were attempting to sign around the armful of sister.
A wide-eyed face topped by red curls peeked around the door.
Siger was polishing off his meal quite well.  It was a good thing that Mrs. Hudson had a lovely little spice cake for him for after.  “I asked Daddy to put it in my Book For Later.”  Siger gave her a grin that was strongly reminiscent of his father
John laughed. “You could if it was a frozen leg of lamb,” he pointed out.
That was suddenly silenced.  Laughter crept down the hall and under the thick wooden door to him.  Possibly Miranda singing that Christmas song she’d learned from Mrs. Turner’s tenants.  At twelve months she really did not have either the tune, or the sounds correct.  It being in German to begin with.
“Come on up, my little rose,” John said as he pulled both girl and bear into his lap.  “I --” they were working on pronouns, not referring to themselves as “daddy” or “père” anymore “-- am looking for good books to read to you and your siblings while we get ready for Christmas.”
Bert was just invited.  And so he came and kept the pair company, and ate companionably ate the biscuits or other treats that were offered.
asked, as obviously his sisters were upstairs sleeping.
Miranda had time to think now.  They, of course, suspected her of plotting to steal the Crown of Flowers.  And why not?  Miranda could not figure why the piece was in her duffle.  She didn’t know anybody who would be stealing something like that.  Its worth was in the craftsmanship, not necessarily in the components.  Certainly the components would not cover the cost of an elaborate theft plot.
Instead, Sherlock had gone off without his blogger.  Dr. John Watson was left behind to pain and despair, and punching Mycroft.  Alright, that might have been fun to witness.  Instead Sherlock had flown off to Eastern Europe to start tracking down Moriarty’s lieutenants, his soldiers, and the remains of his web.  Sherlock had chased Moran all over the world.  It had been tedious.  Not much fun after all.  Without someone to share it all with.  Without the illumination he’d come to expect from John.
“Mr. Gurdy”, John Watson said in exasperation, “Ms. Brown has told you that Sherlock Holmes is not available, and I am telling you that he is not here.  I’m sorry, but you will either have to come back another time next week, or speak to the Royal Humane Society or the police about your missing poultry.”
Intermittent tremor notwithstanding, John had dreams of danger, fear, and death after the fall.  Not just the battlefield now, nor the chlorine scent of the pool.  His dreams were not of birds and flying.  They were, to quote Monty Python with a Yorkshire accent, of a body that did “Not so much fly as plummet”.
John rose for the hymn, sat, knelt, all without paying attention to the service.  He was usually dutiful about focusing, as much for himself as it was to provide a good example for the children.  As the girls and Siger exited their pew, John began catching up crayons, mittens, hats, and other items the children had left behind in their race for the gathering area. John realized that the service was over, and he’d not heard a bit of the sermon.  Perhaps they should go for a walk on the way home, and do some window shopping.  He could get a feel on what the children would like to do to celebrate the holiday this year.
“Where the hell did you get it?  It’s Godawful, John.  Compared to that thing, the one that Donovan got you is a work of art,” Greg hauled his eyes away from the travesty, and sought the lovely amber of his beer in grateful relief.  He took a refreshing drink.
When he walked through the open doorway into the flat, Sherlock had Ross in her high chair, Siger in his booster seat up at the table, and dinner - takeout of course - ready to be served. John seated Miranda, and sat himself opposite of Sherlock at the table. They talked of general items, including Siger in the conversation, and Miranda and Rosalind - who had already been fed - though the babies did not respond over much. They were more interested in playing with the bits of soft, steamed veg that Sherlock had give them to experiment with.
“More posh, anyway,” Mrs. Hudson commented dryly.
“Oh, I was tired of being a dragon.  And Ross and Miri didn’t want to be dragons either,” Siger explained.  “Will you please read to us,
The young woman shouted in pain.  Sound echoed in the small room, twilight lit.  Dark, straight hair was pulled back from her sweating face, and she bared her teeth as the next contraction took hold.  Manicured fingers clenched tight around the hands of the two men on either side, nails biting into the soft flesh over solid bone.
“And did Alexander notify you when the geese were switched?” Siger asked.
After the scrubbing was done, they emerged to find supper on the table, and a mysterious tall object in the sitting room, covered with a paisley, flat bed sheet.  There was clamoring, “What’s that for?” but Sherlock did not give them anything beyond, “Observing.”  Siger pretended to zip his mouth shut before he scootched his chair in at the kitchen table.
My apologies for the lateness of this chapter!  I've been doing a lot of looking for the good in the year.  It's there.  We need to not let the sad times overwhelm those good things.
“Which is why,” John redirected, “Your father is going to show you how to make me look more feminine.  Because I don’t.  Look like a lady.”
So Siger asked Uncle Mycroft.  “Why doesn’t
Mrs. Hudson said, “I like the old ways.  But things change, and we must live with that.”
Mycroft set the half empty teacup on a side table. “We have tracked down a link to the men behind your kidnapping last year.”
Sherlock Holmes was experimenting with the ash patterns of small explosions on construction materials.  He’d gotten into a discussion with the Fire Forensics expert called in by the Met, and was now intrigued by a passing statement from the woman.  He had a limited time to engage in these experiments before John and the children returned from the church service.
was asleep before Daddy got back with Ross and Miri.  Bert and Daddy gave each other what
“At the time,” Sherlock Holmes told his son, “I did not know that I had feelings to hurt.”
Right now he wanted to hear Christmas books.  There was
Having worked his way through the ham sandwich, the crisps, and his milk, Siger now turned his attention to the small pile of carrot sticks.  He enjoyed the sound, and made the most of it, so asking questions was frowned upon during the carrot intake.
“What do you like to write?” he asked, his eyes flicking over her head to see how her family were taking this discussion.
John watched as Siger made a mess of the envelope to get at the card inside.  The head full of red curls bent over the picture of a baby laid in straw under the light of a star.  “This is pretty,” he said as he showed it to his father, then to Grammy Hudson.
The second of the six took pride of place on the sitting room mantelpiece next to the evergreen clad skull, while a third was put on display in the nursery - above reaching fingers.  A fourth went to Mrs. Hudson, then one to Alice Brown, and the last took over a shelf in the office down in 221A.
Scooping her up onto his arm - the one without an umbrella - was awkward.  Greg always managed these events well.  His absence was enormously noticeable.
Unfortunately, the item that most attracted his niece’s eye was a pink “Hello Kitty” party dress.  “Hand smocked,” the clerk, Lucy by her nametag, told them.
Miranda said, “I haven’t figured out how to convince them I’m not part of a conspiracy to steal art.”
Surely nobody would think to look under a Santa Suit.  William Watts had not believed in Father Christmas for decades, but he was willing to give the saint a chance if it would keep him out of gael.  Simple enough.  He’d found the closest Santa’s Grotto, followed the old man when he’d snuck off for a quick nip at the bottle he had under his costume.  Easy enough to rap the guy on the head, tape him up and leave him in the bushes at the edge of the park.
Of course, compared to Sherlock Holmes, everyone was lacking - with the possible exception of Mycroft Holmes.
with their breakfast.
told them before leaning back in his chair, with Siger cuddled on his lap, “Nothing to worry about.”  He closed his red-rimmed eyes.
“I wish I knew where you got that phrase from,” his Daddy muttered, “I don’t use it.  Your
John had  been nodding wearily, giggled at the last sentence.  Sherlock went on, speaking directly to his daughter, ‘You’ll like that won’t you, Rosalind Love?  You get to sleep with Daddy tonight!  And drink medicine and hot tea, just like Daddy.”
said far less waspishly than he would have with anyone else.  “Do you think that because he loves us, we should let him eat sweets?   Because he has worked very hard to lose that weight.  And he does not want to regain it.”
“When did you know that you wanted to be a doctor?” Siger could not believe he’d never asked his father before.
After a general chorus of “lights!” and “colors in the sky when it’s raining”, he said, “Why don’t we examine that topic for our lesson this afternoon?”
“I haven’t a clue what you’re talking about, John.  I thought were we going to see the sunset in Regent’s Park,” Sherlock answered him.
Siger complied.  John watched his daughters looking at their own faces, compared the freshness and beauty to what little Evangelina had made of them.  They examined their father’s makeup work on their Daddy.  To John it felt as though he had paste encrusted on his face.
Great Ormond Street Hospital Charity  http://www.gosh.org/about-us/peter-pan
As the man turned to leave, the reference librarian went on, “A religious defense is not likely to work in any case.”  The posh baritone drawl from the tall, slender man could have been mistaken for a sneer by someone who did not know him.  It was, in fact, keen disinterest instead.
Siger wondered if they’d teach him how to dance if he got up from the step and went in to the music.  He yawned suddenly, and thought that perhaps he would ask them to teach him tomorrow morning.  His climb up the “wooden hill” was just as quiet as his descent, and he climbed back into bed and catching up his stuffed violin, he cuddled it under the covers.
This year Siger's marzipan ornament was a musical note.  "A quarternote, Daddy!" he called, dancing about the room in flannel pjs with the ornament dangling from his fingers.
Sherlock and John are going out to a club.  It's for a case, of course.  But first...
Mycroft's ideas for Christmas presents for the kids.
“Thank you so very much, Sherlock,” said John dryly.
has not read.”
big bed, only to fall and bonk his head on the bedstand.  He tried to be brave.  He didn’t want to wake Miri up in her Graco at the foot of the bed.
“Instead,” Siger answered, “He removed us from the situation.  And reported to the proper authorities.”
pajamas.
When Sherlock Holmes arrived after lunch – which he often deliberately missed – it was to find the entire floor of the front room covered with paper, paints, crayons, and markers.  An annoyingly syrup-laden song played in the background listingcolors that were technically not among the basic components of the light spectrum. He examined the rather impressive rainbow Union Jack that Siger had copied from the Internet, it took up half of the coffee table. Then there was the pot of gold that Daniel put first and formost under an anemic looking rainbow in his picture. Miri’s was a charming melding of colors, Ross’s hemispheric racetrack had each bright color receiving exactly the same meticulous width.  Emma, to no one’s surprise, had drawn a rainbow colored, carnivorous dinosaur. Will had gone for quantity over quality, as his scraggly bows of color leapt from puffy cloud to puffy cloud, continuing down the center of his paper. When the curly haired detective looked for Joy, he found her behind a wing back chair putting the markers in order, and reading the listed colors softly to herself.
The old man gave a sly smile, “He’s Alexander the great.”
“This,” Siger told him, pointing to the sticks around the green mass,” is Daddy, and
“What type of bee, Siger?”
“Siger,” said the surrogate, “If you sit with me, you can hold one of the babies.  Would you like that?”
“Is that so?”
“Yes!  Hummus!” Siger crowed.
“I was joking,” John said, pulling his madman close, “There’s nothing wrong.  You’re looking at too many of the particles instead of the whole organism.  They’re happy.  They’re healthy.  They’ll talk when it’s right for them.  They’ll crawl and stand and walk when it’s right for them.  And they’ll both do it differently.  Don’t worry.”
All was going well until Siger finally succumbed to the flu, and threw up all of his tea into the plastic bin that
John Watson bit his tongue, and only gave a little bit of a grin.
The smell coming from the kitchen, bleach cleaner and soup on the stove, was an awful mixture.  Siger was so very tired of chicken soup, as that’s what they’d been making since Daddy got sick.    At least whatever Daddy was making was not chicken soup.  Siger wished he could be helping in the kitchen.
Sand-coloured eyebrows were raised menacingly.  John Watson did not need to speak to be understood.
Adulting is hard.
“Siger’s choice,” Mycroft pointed out gently.  He had, of course, been the one to introduce the boy to this particular establishment.
Reaching out, that strong, slender-fingered hand, Sherlock Holmes could just reach Siger’s feet - still wearing his slippers.  “We don’t have enough data, Siger.  We’ll examine the evidence, and find out who did it, and for what reason.  I would say, however, that if they’d wanted to hurt us - our family - they would have gone about it some other way.”
Siger, Ross, and Miri nodded solemnly.  John gave a snort of laughter that turned into a yelp when Sherlock began to apply the liquid base.  “It helps to warm the base up, as it can be quite cold.  One can do that with your hands if you choose.  Keep in mind that you’ll need nitrile gloves if you’re putting makeup on someone other than yourself.”
“Not as such,” Daddy agreed.
, but rarely for Daddy.  “Let’s contain the contagion,”
“No, of course not,” his daddy replied, and then, with an exaggerated seriousness, added, “You are the chiefest of calamities!”
“You radiate heat nicely,” Sherlock said quietly, “almost as much as the fireplace.”
“Siger?” Sherlock waited until those sparkling eyes met his.  “I will discuss this with Daddy, and then we will include you in the final decision.”
“Lestrade,” Sherlock said.
told him seriously, “Take the camera - it’s over there on the bookcase - and record this experiment step-by-step.
“It’s not something from Afghanistan.  You treated burn wounds there.  You must have.  Explosions cause burns that must be abraded.  You were exposed to this before.”  His friend was watching him.
A visit to the Santa's Grotto.
Siger did not think he could climb, in any case, with the three cards in his hands.  He listened to Grammy Hudson below, shuffling letters.  There was a soft dragging sound, as Miranda hoisted herself along the wooden flooring through the doorway from the sitting room.  She and Rosalind were not quite crawling yet.  They did manage to move though.  Miri was usually rolling.  Sometimes Siger rolled with her across the sitting room carpet.  Ross would laugh at them, but she was usually too busy trying to pull things from the table to explore with her mouth.  This sometimes made the laughter a trifle muffled.
He heard Sherlock speaking to Lestrade on his mobile, “Just come on in.  John has the murderer well in hand.”
“Brave like you, Daddy,” Miri patted his hand now.
“Now, your father has very thin lips,” the makeup artist lectured as he pulled a lipliner from the box.  And while we wanted to highlight the blue of his eyes, we do not particularly want to make his mouth look damned awful and bloody obvious.  Just shape it a little.”  Which went to show what he thought of Evangelina’s lipstick job on his daughters.
Sherlock Holmes was not a good patient.  Along with fools, he did not suffer limitations to his transport well.
His father hummed against the top of his head, then asked, “What colour for Rosalind?”
That was not a satisfactory answer.  “Siger went on, “Where do you get that?”
Siger smiled.  He looked tiny next to the delivery men, with his wild red curls and footie pajamas.  Plush violin tucked under his arm, he asked, “What is his name?”
The detective sergeant rolled the doctor to pull out the documents, examined them, then took the time to go back to his mobile  before nodding to the constable to release their captive from his bonds.  “Apologies, sir,” that worthy said as he cut the zip ties and helped John to his feet.  “We’ve had some minor thefts, and a peeping tom in the neighborhood. Seeing the hands, well, it’s not something we’re used to around here.”
!” he called up, “
Perched on a stool, Sherlock Holmes was examining paint samples in the microscope in his lab when his mobile rang.  “John!” he called, before realizing that his husband was late getting home from his half day at the surgery.  The call was, therefore, probably John calling to ask Sherlock to pick up milk or beans some nonsense like that.  He ignored the call.
He pulled a white rectangular picture book into view.  The illustration was dark, of a train standing in a city street.  “How about this one, Ross Love?” he said, opening to the text and beginning to read.  “‘On Christmas Eve, many years ago, I lay quietly in my bed.’”
“Thank you for volunteering, Siger,” he was told.
Sherlock leaned against the wall at the entrance to the room, taking note of the quiet.  John spoke again: “Well, what did you think of that one, Ross Love?”
“I believe he told Sherlock at one point.  There was a reference at the right time for me to hear it.”  Mycroft said it simply.
“There is quality children’s clothing that does not require the investment of bespoke,” Mycroft said before refreshing himself with a sip of wine.
John sighed, “I don’t know, Siger. I just don’t ever want you, or you,” he said to Miri, “or you,” to Ross, “to shoplift.  It’s not something to be done for fun.”
“Sure,” Bert smiled back, “Let’s do this!”
“That’s a relief,” the police officer said before taking another drink.  “What are those things supposed to be on the front?”
He was still a little feverish, and so John had refused to allow him out of bed.  His huge, comfortable, Johnless bed.  Well, not so very comfortable.  The heat and shivers made the crisp cotton of the sheets uncomfortable, the duvet too heavy.  Of course, moments ago it had all been too cold.
“I did not have an allowance until I was older,” Sherlock admitted.
because Daddy was letting the bee-in-his-bonnet move him to share the pink candle, “It’s for the shepherds, not just for ‘hope and joy’, and the blue candles that the acolyte lights in church.”  Daddy was now staring, but Siger could not see anything there.  Daddy was also leaning against the grey, weathered wooden fence.
“Do you remember all of those people who were ill in November and December?  ‘Something going around’?” John looked up from his laptop, and an article on bat physiology and disease.
and I will do our best to keep you safe.”
had done while everyone else was ill, “What should we get for
Siger grabbed his father up in a bear hug, “I love you,
Bon travail, Siger!” - Good Job, Siger!
“You’ve just had the flu, Sherlock.  And it looks like you’re not totally over it,” his doctor said, brushing the curls from a pale forehead.
“I’ve been asking you for input on Christmas lunch all week,” the shorter man said with frustration.
Miri’s turn was over quickly, and then Rosalind was placed upon Father Christmas’s lap.  Ross stared as well.  Then she signed instead of talking.  No surprise there.  But the Elf had rushed over to translate, casting an annoyed look at Father Christmas.  Ross, they noticed, was telling Father Christmas the story of baby Jesus in as great detail as her signing allowed.  Neither of her parents stepped in, as John was grinning at his girl, and Sherlock was smirking at the uncomfortable expression on the face of the costumed avatar of Christmas.  The man kept trying to ask Ross what she wanted for Christmas.  She would stop and look up into his face, then sign, “Yes.” and go back to telling him the story.
“Ah,” John said startled.  “Do you think we need to go up?”
,” Greg Lestrade admitted as he poured another cup of the really excellent coffee.  At the dead silence he looked up to find both their nephew and his spouse staring at him. “What?  It’s an old book.  Not much read with the National Curriculum and all.”
Miri waved a butterfly rattle, cooing from where she stood, holding onto the rim of the Pack and Play.
John H. Watson sat in the back of one of Mycroft Holmes’s big black cars, maintaining an air of calm through, if not a will of iron, at least one of solid determination.  Mrs. Hudson was staring out the window at what had been Speedy’s.  She wasn’t weeping.  She looked grim.  They had called Mr. Chatterjee, who had gone home to his wife in Islington before the incident.
The larger of her two sketch pads met resistance, and refused to fit back into the space from which she’d drawn it.  Miranda sank back onto the camp stool to repack it and discovered the wink of gold and blood red enamel.  There was a mark from an uncapped marker sticking up from the bottom, and crumbs beneath it escaped from the wrappings of her morning bacon butty.
“She does,” Siger agreed, having experienced Ross’s fingers in his own hair.  “She is not trying to hurt you.  So we forgive her, because she is a baby.”
“No, Daddy.  I am Dread Pirate Holmes!  Not the parrot!” insisted his son.
asked, silhouetted by the hallway light.
.  Well, not the avoiding people.  But I don’t want to be a consulting detective,” Siger told him earnestly, “You know I want to write music.  But I need to learn to do it better.  When I look at people I can hear their notes.  When I read stories I want to put songs together to make them stronger.”
“Yeah, well, no . But I suspect it was the lads from the bicycling club in the town.  They’ve been pestering me about locking Alexander up.  He won’t let them bike across my land.  Afraid of him, they are, for all that he’s a quarter their size.  And them on their fancy bicycles!”
Ross giggled again.  “You sound like Uncle Greg,” she told Miri.
“If we’re needed here?” John asked in reply.
Listening to the creaking of fake leather from Gregory’s chair, Mycroft could imagine his spouse leaning back as well. “Respectability is over-rated,” he murmured.
Well.  This was fun.  And not something that Bert had ever done before either.  He set to work with his small charge to put eyes on the camels, donkeys, and angels, smiles made from setting sprinkles end to end, and decorating each raw biscuit until they were just right.  It was nice, he thought, to be included in this.  At home, at the restaurant, he had never decorated the desserts.  His second sister was the artistic one.  And he had to admit that there was something different about creating food for your family compared to cooking for the patrons at the restaurant.  His parents, and his grandparents and uncles and aunts, were not likely to let him meddle in the food.  They had fun.  Of course they did.  But it was a different kind of fun, because cooking was not just their livelihood, it was their passion.  Something that Bert would not ever have for cooking.
set, Siger, Rosalind, and Miranda.”
At John’s nod she continued, “Of course I don’t know what it will be yet.  So if you give me your card, that’s good.”
With a nod, long curls of dark hair strayed all about her head and shoulders as she climbed up onto her father’s lap. Looking up at his face, Rosalind waited expectantly.
“Royal Jelly, Daddy,” Siger said seriously and offered it to his father.  There did seem to be a royal crest on the label.
There are also many good versions of it available on film.
Sherlock sniffed. “I never tell Anthea anything.  I’m sure she’s already notified the insurance auditor, the cleaning service, and Mycroft’s housekeeper - all the necessary tasks.  We’ll just need to let Alice Brown know not to come to work in the morning.  I suppose it’s a good thing that we don’t currently have an au pair.”
“How’s my girl?” John asked her as he unfastened the gate to sweep the baby into his free arm.
“Don’t drool, John,” his flatmate told him absently as he typed notes into his mobile one-handed, “It isn’t warranted.”
(See the end of the chapter for
When Greg’s stomach allowed him to pause, he swallowed and said, “Seriously, Mycroft?  You’re not setting them up with bespoke baby clothes are you?  Because I don’t expect us to go down that road in nine months.”
“No, no, little girl,” Father Christmas boomed, “Leave Santa’s beard alone!”
Their schedule at the range was the only time that Mother held James’s hand.  He liked it, the hand holding part, though the loud noises bothered him.  Even through the hearing protectors.  And the special ceilings.
His cousin starfished, which made it very difficult to get those limbs into the appropriate holes.  “Will, please,” Siger’s voice trembled, for all that he was trying to keep it quiet and calm, “Please help me.”
Common sense said to take out the two at Baker Street first.  Easier targets - both the man and the woman would go out every day.  Then go to ground and wait for the furor to die down before taking on the DI and the posh git.  No bodyguard for any but the ginger, nor eyes on them that lived in the Baker Street house.  At least not that Cuddles could see.  The house was full of people though.  A kid too.  Cuddles didn’t want nothing to do with no kids.  Not anymore.
Siger put on his thinking face.  Miri and Ross rolled over to get Bert’s attention, and he spent some time fetching for them, as they threw large and colourful plastic beads about the room.  “Bert,” Siger asked, “Would you show me on my tablet?” The little boy pointed across the room at the table by the kitchen doorway.
Sherlock Holmes examined the red-coloured curls of the offspring in his lap.  He held on to the sigh this time, because this was an important point that Siger was making.
They’d put Rosalind in Time Out for the first time after that.  Where Sherlock would simply have entered his Mind Palace, Ross was wild at having to sit for the five minutes they’d had her on the bottom step.  Siger did not like Time Out either, mostly because he was not allowed to speak or ask questions when he was on the step.
John followed the tall, slender figure as the man clattered down the stairs ahead of him.
Plans for Christmas dinner?
Siger, who was straightening out Ross’s card, looked up and smiled.  “Daddy,” he said to John, “Ross’s card is crumbled.”
“No. I think he would be shorter than you are,” she said decidedly.  “He’s wearing a sweatshirt, and he’s got the hoodie pulled up over his hair.  It’s not *that* cold.  He’s very sloppy.”
“John couldn’t even reach that high,” Sherlock said pointedly as he pulled the file to his side of the desk.
Still no question, no comment. Sherlock sank into his chair, leaning back, he crossed his legs, steepled long fingers before his face and stared at John, who was holding his laptop like a shield in front of him. The silence became deafening.
Sneezing, he could smell chemicals.  Unfamiliar - not one of
“Yes, this is my baby brother, Ben,” was said with a grin. “For all that he’s not a baby anymore.  A right good little detective you are, aren’t you?”
"I’ve learned it’s best to wait and see what wild adventures Sherlock will drag us all into.  Because I certainly don’t think any of us can guess what will happen next.  Please let me know if there’s anything I can do to help - because with the chaos that surrounds Sherlock and John, there’s always something odd to be done.”
.  Her siblings had a tendency to act with immediacy.  Miranda rather thought she would wait and find out what she could from the situation before moving.  Or before calling Uncle Greg.
said to the world at large, as they all bundled into the back of the big black car.
“Fascinating,” muttered the taller, dark haired man, who was dressed fashionably in a suit.  His suit jacket draped over the ubiquitous oxygen tank, he wore a vibrant blue button down shirt, the sleeves rolled up in concession to the occasion.
“Ice Skating rink,” the student said, holding the phone so that Siger could see it.
“It was only two days ago, Miri, but Daddy usually loves Christmas time,” Siger said.
He waved at her impatiently, but then shouted after her, “Thank you, Mrs. Hudson!”
In my old "clubbing days", tying your cherry stem in a knot meant you were getting "lucky".  It isn't the easiest thing in the world to do.
After Siger had run enough to feel that he’d accomplished something, he began to look about for his father.
Or the chase is.  But in a hot-air balloon?
“Of course, Siger.  Until they’re old enough to open them themselves,” Grammy Hudson told him.
Daddy had taken them all to church last Sunday.  Even
.  “Siger,” he turned and looked directly into Siger’s eyes, “This is an imaginary animal created by the author specifically for eating at Christmas.  There is no correlation to anything in the real world.”
True, Sherlock did tend to read informational materials.  He often read from his technical journals and articles out loud at night to the children.  The consulting detective found that helped him to discover more in the writing than he would have found in reading it to himself, much like having John give him feedback allowed for illumination on the subject.  Even if John was invariably incorrect.
Sherlock did all of these things with no thought of a reward other than John’s pleasure.  John did catch on.  And responded to his partner’s benefit.
Only now, when Sherlock woke up in his bed, aching with the memory of being alone, he was not alone .  John was there.  Sometimes one of the children as well.  But John, that was who Sherlock was looking for in those dreams.  John was something that Sherlock had not realized he was looking for.  Home.
Planning for his day out with Siger, Mycroft asked the boy to choose a restaurant for lunch.  “Will Uncle Gregory have lunch with us, Uncle Mycroft?”  It was a joy to hear how well Siger’s pronunciation had improved.
“Where’ve you been?” Daddy asked waving both spoons in the air.
“Breathe, Jeanette,” the shorter, blond man, kitted out in surgical scrubs, told her, “You’re doing just fine.”
“And to prevent him from doing something rash like removing Siger from his school.”
“The marks from your nails are distinctive, and clearly not defensive marks.  I believe I should take pictures for future reference,” Sherlock Holmes was happy to explain to Jeannine.
John interrupted with, “The larynx is his voice box.  Men have ‘adams apples’, and women do not have visible ones.  Siger’s voice will be deeper as well.”
Mounting the steps to the top floor he examined the least damaged room in the house - Sherlock assumed that 221C would be flooded completely.  He pulled in the rope ladder, shut and fastened the window. One large backpack pulled out of the closet served to hold the most important of the plush - the soccer ball, violin, lambkin, the girls’ bears and flying horses, and Guillame’s plush umbrella.  As an afterthought Sherlock shoved the soft plastic bees into the pockets of his tailored trousers, totally destroying the lines, stretching the fabric.  He didn’t care.
Sherlock leant his shoulder against John’s and smiled widely, “Just think of all of Mycroft’s fancy pans that you can experiment with, Hudders!”
“Yes.  I know your
a hug, and said into his ear, “It is big enough to hold in my hands, and it is wrapped in brown paper, and it is sealed with clear tape, and it has an ‘es’ and my name on it.  It is located downstairs on the mail table.”
Sherlock’s focus on John vanished, and John knew the man was in his Mind Palace. There was time for John to give a sigh, hoist himself out of the chair, and fix two mugs of tea - one milky, one disgustingly sweet.
Siger began to sob in his Daddy’s arms.  “I’m lonely, Daddy.”
James’ face was round.  With dark eyes.  Mother and Father both had blue eyes.  James wondered if his eyes would ever slowly fade to that pale color.  His eyebrows were different from both his parents, though Mother had the beautician take care to shape her eyebrows every two weeks so that they were straight on top, with a curve at the part towards the ear.  Like James.
Fiery red curls flew as Siger shook his head.  “I was playing with my MagnaTiles, see?”
John doesn't realize what he's received from his madman.  Not to start.
“John was abducted approximately ten minutes ago by a large man, 6’ 4 or 5”, twenty to twenty-one stone, bald and scarred.  There is evidence that whoever he is, his records were removed from the system about five years ago.  Technicians are working on retrieving his data.  We believe the man has John in the boot of a black Vauxhall Belmont, as it and the driver showed up on CCTV driving past the surgery a number of times, then immediately after the abduction speeding off.  No blood at the scene, but the remains of John’s mobile were found under his desk.  The transponder went off during the kidnapping.”  Mycroft’s report was succinct.
Anna met them at the door in a halo of golden light.  She stooped, her strong arms catching up the baby from the car carrier.  John, who had constant battles with the latches on child seats, wondered if he’d neglected to secure Will.  No.  No!  If anything, he’d been hyper aware of the children’s safety.  Will was a master escape artist, and if John had left a snap open, or a latch unclicked, he’d have been all over the car in a moment.  The only reason the baby didn’t get out of his crib at night was that he liked having Siger lift him out in the morning.  Anna must be magic.  Like Mary Poppins, John thought, fighting a rising hysterical giggle.
?” Sherlock asked his son later.
John laughed, “I was there as a mere infant.  Dad used to wrap me up and take me along to the local games.  Maybe it is time to get him started.  Siger, would you like to go to a football game with Uncle Greg?”
John Watson had been taking the odd locum shift at the surgery, and this one had been a long day – what with the regular doctors coming down with the flu and every regular at the clinic likewise.  He’d scoured his hands and arms throughout the day, and his face before leaving the surgery, with antibacterial soap.  So far as he knew he’d not been sneezed on in the underground, though that didn’t mean people had not breathed on him, spreading their infections.  Exhausted, the short, blond, former army surgeon had stopped grumbling to himself when he noticed people moving away from him on the seats in the tube.  In itself that space was a good thing considering contamination.  But John Watson did not want to get the reputation for being a crazy person roaming the streets.
said that I could choose what I liked that wasn’t hideous.  Daddy said that I could pick anything I liked so long as you agreed it was alright.”
By the end of it all, John was very curious to see how it worked out.  The round mirror that Sherlock held up showed his face, but with makeup.  Somehow that was a bit of a let-down.  Especially considering the feeling of the makeup on his skin was distracting.
“That’s alright, Siger, sweet,” John took the mashed and drool soaked card and placed it up on the shelf with other cards they had received.
It was perfect!  Siger shouted, “Yes!” and ran into the sitting area to kick his soccer ball about until the game started.
The tall, ginger haired government “official” pulled a file from the top right desk drawer.  “Read this, please.”  He placed it exactly upon the mirror polish of his desk, easily reached from one of the caramel coloured leather chairs in front of it.
“Fancy that.”  Mrs. Hudson smiled as she said it.  Dear Siger was so much like his father.  Less brusque, though Sherlock had become a little less stroppy with others since the children had become part of his life.  Of course, that process had started with John.  “Sounds French,” she prompted.
take care of the rest of the family.
“So we’ve got the guest bed then?” John’s small grin made up for the agony of relying on Mycroft for anything.
“Well, then,” he told Siger, “I will invite Uncle Greg.  What would you like to eat for luncheon?”
know where we are, shall we?” he said.
That obtained the laughter he was craving. “You’ll have to give me an in-depth tour the next time.”
Ross just watched him in reply, and then stuck the spoon back in her mouth.  Siger fell asleep.
said.  Then, “Would you like to see what I found?”
warned, “He is the most dangerous man you will ever meet.”
.  She loved him, but he would allow his affection for her to aim his razor sharp tongue to the police officers, possibly to Oliver as well, and that would get them all nowhere.  “I wish I had his talent,” she thought for the first time.  “Or Siger’s.”
Animal?
“As if I would forget. Mind Palace, John.” Sherlock lifted an eyebrow before continuing, “And you’ll want to know that Siger, Rosalind and Miranda all can fit in the bathtub together this evening.”
John sighed.  Alice Brown appeared next to him, a doubtful expression on her face.
“Don’t worry about them,” she told him, “They’re used to me talking to people.  Also, they’re asleep because they get air sick.  So they took acetazolamide."  She stumbled just the least little bit over the word.
Smooth as digital, three adults moved in to separate the squalling mob.  Calming, cleanup, and tea came next, followed by a walk down the block (minus Bert, who was invited, but had a date) to work off an excess of energy before bedtime.
Garlic, warming with good olive oil in the saute pan brought sharp memories of his own subdued laughter, simple meals, and romantic days with little to no thought of The Work.  Fat, grey striped prawns  joined the garlic and glistened  their way to a savory pink.  A twist of the pepper mill rained black, white, pink, and green pepper into the pan as the prawns were flipped to season them evenly.  Bright green broccoli florets, trimmed to excruciating exactness by the chef’s assistant steamed quietly near a pan of linguini, strained and waiting for a final rinse of boiling water from the kettle to heat it up.
choice.  Once in a very great while Siger would ask, “What would you like to read tonight, Daddy? (or
The Doc got a good knee up into his groin, but Cuddles was wearing a cup.  He shrugged it off.
The consulting detective did not know which had angered John more, the unauthorized use of his medical equipment, or the removal of Rosalind’s pigtails. Certainly he’d gone out and bought a new pair of shears.  As everyone knew, once a pair of scissors is used for cutting the wrong substance, they never again cut it quite so well.  That tainted pair was now in the sundries drawer, to be used for cutting twine and tape and odd bits of paper.
“Would it not be better to give Siger a fixed amount, and work with him to establish a budget?”
Well. As if that did not set off all manner of foreboding as Declan pulled the ominous black car neatly into the unloading zone in front of the Diogenes club. John stepped out, minus the plastic jug of 2%, greeted the doorman, and walked up the steps into the foyer of the Diogenes.
“Did I?” those odd, multicolored eyes flickered over him, over Mrs. Hudson, taking in their disheveled aspect, each minute detail.
found, so long as they didn’t touch them.  And so long as they washed up afterward.
There would be no scampering with Will on his back.  After he’d gotten below the window, Siger took a moment to call, “Miri?  Ross?”
Behind the main pack, Greg Lestrade leaned, heedless of the measure of damage he was doing, against the three-piece navy blue suit clad Mycroft, wiping at his eyes.  The Detective Inspector’s face was red with laughter, the joy lines crinkling at the corners of his sparkling eyes.  Mycroft’s own face showed a curious blankness.  It would hide his fear of contamination by the oncoming cloud from all eyes but those of his younger brother.  It was inevitable.  His bespoke suit would soon be covered in unsightly dots of flour.  The black cloth of his ubiquitous umbrella twitched in his cold, pale hand.
Sherlock turned over, pulling the remaining sage-green sheets and the forest-green duvet from John, drawing them with him to the far side of the bed.  John took a moment to watch the dark curls settle on the custom-made pillow before turning to make his way to the loo.
“Sounds good,” John nodded, “So long as he doesn’t plan on getting them ponies.”
Shrieking tires, and Cuddles looked up to see a dingy white van screaming into the old car park.  That was not any repair service, it was some sort of police agents.  Kill the Doc or run?  No time to decide when the smaller man bit down, cleaving flesh on his arm.  Minutely distracted by the pain, he was overthrown and taken out by a hefty chunk of asphalt in the Doc’s hand.
share with you?”
Ancient kisses were still important, of course.  The press of lips to Mummy’s powdered cheek.  Her return embrace.  A goodnight buss from Father.  The press of lips into the crown of his head when his big brother Mycroft thought his toddler self was sleeping.  Not so much of the moment anymore.  Mrs. Hudson’s motherly endearments.
He didn’t hear from Moran for five years.  Which surprised him at the time, since all the news said that Tiger was three years dead.  Dead men don’t send messages.  Especially not inside a packet of his goods, forwarded from his old digs when they got demolished.    Cuddles had gotten a job to supplement the funds in the account.  Butchering beeves and hogs was not as fun as his work for Jim Moriarty, but it was a task he had some skill with..  Evenings were spent in the local library, keeping up on his real craft.  The tatty cardboard box of clothes and bits and pieces held a sealed note reading, “Take care of those targets.  Make it messy.  Tiger.”  No date.  But then, Cuddles did not need a date.  Just instructions.
John is a man who keeps things bottled up, afraid to spill over, terrified of others’ reactions if they see his vulnerability. Years of an abusive alcoholic father taught him to keep to himself, the more unobtrusive the better. This, though, is the single most important thing John has ever done.
“John, do shut up. The more you apologise, the less time there is for me to kiss you.”
Gone are the days when John would’ve simply walked up and
"Beautiful daughter
After John had inhaled his food in under fifteen minutes – a habit he had yet to unlearn from med school and his days in Her Majesty’s fighting force – Sherlock, who had yet to touch his plate, rose to retrieve John’s birthday cake from the counter.
As I take him by the hand and the band strikes up our song, I wrap my arm around his waist and he cups the nape of my neck as our other free hands intertwine. I whisper in his ear, “Sod the guests, my love, this song is for you and only you.” He nods quietly and gazes at me with a love I’m still not sure I know how to capture and hold in my heart. I am certain as I croon Etta’s words to him that this brilliant man grasps the significance behind them; our guests hear the song lyrics, but he understands the meaning reserved only for the two of us.
Each steps from behind his allocated spot, their steps unconsciously synchronized. They have chosen to forego tuxedoes in favor of navy blue suits.
9.25am, Family Waiting Room
John’s heart begins to race and his jaw clenches.
I want you to know (wherever you are) that you will always be my precious baby girl and that I will always love you to the moon and back.
“In that case,” Sherlock whispers as he leans his forehead into John’s, “you can have me. In any way you want me. Good God, I have loved you and wanted you for so long.
“And here we are in Heaven…
Had anyone casually mentioned to Sherlock Holmes ten – no, two – years earlier that he would be holding his husband John’s hand on the first anniversary of their daughter’s death, he’d have cackled derisively and offered to phone a psychiatrist on their behalf. Yet here they both stand, grief balanced gently as the price humans sometimes pay for love, silently remembering their daughter and her momentary life.
And then…..they wait.
Today has taken so much from them mentally that physical exhaustion isn’t far behind, and they find themselves in the middle of the bed glued together. Facing one another, arms wrapped around torsos, Sherlock’s face buried in John’s collarbone, John’s nose and mouth positioned perfectly to inhale the scent of Sherlock’s curls all night. They fall asleep tangled and when they awake they find neither man has moved, as if their bodies know all the same things as their hearts, whether their mouths can speak them or not.
“Rosie is alive. Just over four and a half pounds. She is- oh God, Sherlock. She is so lovely.”
“Sherlock Holmes, has anyone ever told you how absolutely wonderful you look half-naked?”
First it is a single tear that spills over Sherlock’s lower lid and down his cheek. His lip wobbles ever so slightly and once the one tear starts, there is no stopping the rest. In the aisle at Sainsbury’s Sherlock Holmes weeps, so forcefully that he collapses onto the floor, arms crossed over his body, shoulders heaving, and a guttural, primal moan emitting from his chest amid the flood of tears and sobbing. He cares not who sees him, indeed, he does not even notice bystanders, so deep is the well of grief he has carried.
“You know….you’re right. I want you right here, but I’d rather hear you. I want to hear all the sounds you can make and I want you to be loud. I’m putting you in a cab and I’m going to take you home to Baker Street and I’m going to make love to you
“Then, after you died, it was like…..like I had died too. My heart was broken, just shattered. I tried to be happy and just….couldn’t. There was nothing for me here at Baker Street because you were gone, so I moved out. I couldn’t be here with everything that reminded me of you. I tried to live, but living felt harder than dying. I saw you every time someone with dark hair and a long coat passed me by on the street. I heard your voice in my head every waking minute.
. What he says is, “Of course she knows that you’re someone who loves her, that much is obvious.” He whips out his camera phone again to capture the moment forever in pixels.
- "Mysterious Ways", U2
11.58am
John thinks to himself.
“And I want you to know. Jesus, I am so crap at this. I want you to know that you....I…feel the same way about you.”
“John.” Sherlock responds rather abruptly though not unpleasantly, as he squints while opening his eyes.
He has researched the best cake recipes and finally found one that looked foolproof – not that he is a fool, mind you, but he knows cakes are not really his area – from cooks.com and sets about carefully following the instructions. Sherlock is nothing if not a precise measurer. If a recipe calls for six hundred grams of flour, there will by God be six hundred grams of flour. He’s had to rummage around Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen for something he thinks will pass for cake pans. Luckily for him they are in fact cake pans and not some godawful unpronounceable bit of gourmet cookware. He mixes the batter until smooth, just as the instructions say. Once the oven has heated, he gingerly places the cake pans inside and pads down the hall to run himself a bath. By the time he finishes his bath, the cakes should be perfectly baked, and they will cool with just enough time to ice them with some whipped cream before John arrives home from work.
“Tough act to follow, he is,” he quips nervously to the crowd. A few chuckles ripple through the audience, and Sherlock’s eyes upon John never waver. John takes one of Sherlock’s hands in each of his – to publicly demonstrate what Sherlock means to him, but also because
Sherlock turns to see John and a look of horror crosses his visage. “John! I am sorry! I am – oh God, I hope I have not overstepped my boundaries, I just thought she might like a song to he-“
human being I had ever met. Three years and what feels like a lifetime later, I still believe it.
I desperately wanted some song lyrics for the beginning of this chapter but nothing in any of my Spotify playlists was what I needed. Then one day driving home from work, this old INXS beauty came on the radio and voila! It was the one.
They arrive at the NICU, do the requisite three-minute handscrub, and the same nurse that sent John home yesterday is here today. “Mr. Watson, so good to see you again, Rosie will be glad you’re here.” Normally he’d write that kind of statement off as bollocks –
With those words, the permission granted, the weight of a universe, weight John hadn’t realised he was carrying until then, falls off his shoulders. And in that second, it dawns on him that for now, he is not the physician who toils on no sleep to save others. He is just an exhausted new dad and he needs some sleep.
. He would swear that Rosie smiles at the feel of her father’s heartbeat against her cheek. He watches John’s face, a smile mingled with tears, as he kisses Rosie’s forehead. For his part, Sherlock allows her to grasp his index finger with the hand not currently on her back, and he begins to sing her the same French lullaby as he did at their first meeting. Together John and Sherlock envelop Rosie as she moves from this world to whatever comes next. John feels rather than sees Rosie’s body relax when her final breath leaves her tiny body. His shoulders heave with sobs as he holds her even more tightly to his chest. Tears flow from Sherlock’s eyes as he kisses the tiny hand over and over. They stay like that for what feels to them like days but by the clock is twenty-three minutes. Time of death 11.48.
Now that the floodgates have opened, John can’t stop sobbing. Between sobs, he manages to choke out, “Nothing, my love. You’ve done nothing wrong. Just that this feels so…..so….good. So right.” He’s crying the tears of a man for whom love and grief and relief are pressed down, shaken together, and running over.
The physician stops to allow both men, who have not moved an inch since he started talking, a few moments to process the information. Sherlock is still holding Rosie on his bare chest and instinctively holds her more closely, cradling his arms around her as if to protect her from the physician’s words.
15 December, 8.45am
Sherlock’s eyes grow wide and he sits on the sofa next to John, not touching but close enough that he could if he dared.
16.31, text thread
It is at the point John’s hand ghosts over my cock and balls that I gasp and moan involuntarily. My senses are overwhelmed with John Watson –
. I need to feel you.”
. The fact that Sherlock moans a bit when his nipples are touched is not lost on John.
John Watson needs no more impetus, and without delay his hands snake down Sherlock’s waist to undo his trouser button and zip, all the while impatiently grinding his hardness against his husband’s muscled thigh. John’s hand reaches down into Sherlock’s pants and into the dark curls to find that gorgeous cock so full and hard,
of his daughter’s heart on the foetal monitor reassures the obstetricians that, for the moment, she is alright.
Sherlock’s mouth continues its journey southward as he kisses down John’s abdomen and hips, and he nestles his face against John’s cock and breathes in its particular scent of soap and sweat and John. “This is…..large, John,” Sherlock gasps as he licks up the length of Sherlock’s cock. He mouths at each of John’s balls and John bucks against the headboard.
“You should do
“Starving.”
*************
*************
he asks a God he doesn’t really believe in. He weeps and weeps until his lacrimal glands have nothing left to give; John sits perpendicularly beside him on the sofa, legs wrapped around Sherlock’s waist and arms wrapped Sherlock’s shoulders. He allows Sherlock to weep and talk (or not) for as long as he needs. Three hours later, Sherlock is – well, he’s not
and he pounds into Sherlock. When he cannot hold back another second and finally explodes inside his husband his mind goes blank except for
. – SHW
[Unsent]
Together, John and Sherlock bathe Rosie and dress her in a slightly-too-big bumblebee outfit Mrs. Hudson had talked Sherlock into ordering for her well before her birth. The men take pictures of one another holding and nuzzling her, and Rebecca takes photos of the family of three in varying poses: one of Sherlock holding Rosie with John embracing them both, then John and Sherlock switch places. The final poses, Rebecca’s idea, are close-ups of Rosie’s tiny feet with John and Sherlock’s intertwined fingers holding them from beneath.
“For you are mine at last.”
John thinks fondly.
“Come along now, let me get that for you,” fusses Mrs. Hudson as she grasps both ends of Sherlock’s tie from his hands and makes quick work of a Windsor knot. “You’ve got butterflies in your stomach, haven’t you?” she asks in the way mothers ask when they already know what the answer will be. “This is a big day, it’s your
, sweat-slick bodies entwined, orgasms taken and given, hope that the lover will recognise that he is also the beloved, all these and more are contained in one box in John Watson’s pocket.
There are enough wisps of golden yellow hair that Rebecca removes a few of them and places them in a tiny plastic bag. Though neither John nor Sherlock is religious, a kindly vicar visits them with plaster of Paris in hand to offer them a mould of Rosie’s feet, which they agree to. Though not the usual protocol, the vicar agrees to drop it by their flat once it dries instead of having them retrieve it from intensive care in twenty-four hours.
– when you can take a London cab?
Sherlock smiles softly. "Indeed we are."
John gazes at his husband believing that he’s the luckiest man alive to have landed this incorrigible, vulnerable, beautiful man. Luckier still, John gets to call him ‘husband’ for the rest of their years.
(See the end of the chapter for
One of John’s lube-slicked fingers breaches my entrance and my eyes go wide. While it is not unpleasant, it is unlike anything I could have anticipated in my wildest dreams, and I now understand the value of moving slowly. I close my eyes and allow myself to feel. His finger moves unhurriedly in and out as my muscles relax to accommodate him. This is….different.
“When Mary came along, she gave me the tiniest glimmer of hope. I don’t really want to think about her at the moment, but I owe you an explanation. She made me think maybe, just maybe there was something worth getting up in the morning for. But she wasn’t you, Sherlock. She never could have been. All the things that attracted me to her were things that reminded me of you: she was funny, she could be cheeky, and she was smart. God, was she smart. But in a million lifetimes she’d never have meant to me what you did.
“Sherlock, let me finish, please. You were talking to Rosie so tenderly. What you don’t know is that I overheard what you said to her. I heard you talking and didn’t want to disturb the moment for you, so I waited. And what you said. About….me. I heard you.” Johns hand clenches and unclenches.
Instead, he brackets my body with his hands and knees and begins to kiss the scars on my back. Never before has any human being been so tender with my body. The events which placed them there are ones which I do not care to recall, but I would undergo them a thousand times if every time guaranteed me a return to the man who with each kiss heals the scars of my soul that lie buried deeply beneath the scars of my body. Tears form at the corners of my eyes, unbidden and unstoppable, from the sweetness which envelops me at being laid so thoroughly bare before another human being and having that trust rewarded. As careful as John Watson is being with my body, he is infinitely more careful with my heart.
Neither man says anything at first. Sherlock, unable to stand the silence, offers him a cup of tea. “John, I -….I put the kettle on, like I said.”
Sherlock’s eyes well up with tears, and John’s betray him as well, despite his determination to keep his lips pressed into a thin line and take care of business with the stoicism that had served him well in Kandahar.
Our bodies are pressed together. I can feel his heart pounding in his chest and his every breath on my neck. His curls brush my cheek. His smell is intoxicating, aphrodisiacal.
Tungsten Iodine Thorium
(See the end of the chapter for
He knows who Mary is – well, who the hell knows who she
“Out with it already, I’d like to get to my daughter sometime today,” John responds, half chuckling and half frustrated.
“Definitely her,” John mumbles while looking at the ground, voice devoid of any emotion.
He knows me too well, for he opens one eye, squinting at the late afternoon sun peeking through our window and groans, “Smashed glass, remember? That’s all in the past now. We’re here now, and we’re going to make the most of it.”
, he responds. I ask him what they usually say.
John holds his trembling husband upright and by now he rolls his hips just so with every thrust, tugging hard on Sherlock’s cock. He keeps up this pace for another several minutes, holding both himself and Sherlock teetering on the edge, both men grunting panting
“I’ll go find a nurse or doctor.” John wipes the tears from his eyes, squares his shoulders, and sets off on a mission.
Beryllium
Before John could follow that thought to any logical conclusion, Sherlock had leapt across the kitchen and in one motion had swiped the object out of John’s cake.
John wastes little time removing the plug, pulling his own cock out, lubing himself up, and wrapping his right arm around Sherlock’s tautly muscled torso as he sinks slowly into Sherlock, inch by inch
It is an unseasonably warm day for London, as if nature herself has given her blessing for the wedding of William Sherlock Scott Holmes and John Hamish Watson to be held outdoors at Bingham Gardens overlooking the Thames. Cumulus clouds against the backdrop of a Caribbean-blue sky causes all eyes to squint as the celebrant takes her place under the
Sherlock bites his lip
There’s nothing for it. I’m gone on you, you beyond-the-pale git.
. - JWH
With Sherlock Holmes, John had come to expect anything.
“John….” Sherlock hesitates in John’s arms. “John, today has been an emotional day for you, you are exhausted, and while we have shared a bed for quite some time, now may not be the best time for us to do anything less platonic for the first ti-"
have a reception, can we? My new husband loves dancing way too much, and I can’t wait to show him off to the folks around us. Nothing we’ve done so far is traditional, so maybe we can have this one thing that we can do like ordinary people do.
Dearest Rosie,
“I have to go, John. Something has come up.” Sherlock jumps up, half-does his scarf, throws on his coat, and is out the door of the flat. John hears the tap-tap-tap of his feet down the stairs before his brain registers what’s going on. Once he realises that Sherlock is gone, John is out the door and down the stairs in sock feet.
“John.”
It’s me again, your dad. I miss you so much I can barely stand it. I never ever knew that it was possible to love someone that didn’t exist before until I saw you. You were alive for just a few short days but you taught me what it was like to have a part of my heart beating outside my body.
John tries to keep from weeping, but hearing these words from this man renders it impossible. He meets Sherlock’s gaze and allows Sherlock to place the platinum band on his left fourth finger before wipes tears out of both eyes.
Goddamnit, John should know which end is up, but right now the ward is a blur of noises, smells, and doctors tromping in and out. The obstetrician, the neonatal people, the nurses, the housekeepers, all doing just doing their jobs but no one makes any fucking sense at this time of morning. John’s exhausted, but this is not the weariness of early-morning interrupted sleep; it extends, he feels, down to his mitochondria. Years of war and nightmares followed by years of pretending of an altogether different sort, then two years of grief, then pretending he loves his wife….well, he is worn to crispy nothingness. If a gale blows through he may just disappear into it. Thanks to his occupation he should have a better grasp of what’s going on in the hospital around him – God, he is trying – but the majority of his neuronal efforts go into simply existing.
5 January  9.17am, text thread
I have never been more ready for anything in my life. My legs open wide to receive him.
Who turn and have, in their midst, their own Ka’aba.’ - Rumi
7 January 2015, 08.43
, thinks John - and take the lift up to the pathology department, where John holds the door for Sherlock to make his way into their first meeting place. They are alone in the lab, between it being evening hours and John having used his human connections and medical degree to arrange for everyone who normally worked there after hours to vacate the premises for a bit. Enough time for their mission to be accomplished.
9.45am, Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, St. Mary’s Hospital, London
“You have me. Forever.” whispers my husband, holding my gaze as tenderly as I’ve ever see him be with any living person. “Tonight is ours and ours alone, darling. I have been waiting for this night for longer than you know, and tonight, Sherlock Holmes-Watson, I am going to make love to you properly, as my husband.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I TOLD Y'ALL IT WAS GOING TO GET BETTER!!!!!!
John stares at Sherlock.
It is John’s turn to tremble. No words come. It is as if every dam on earth has burst behind John’s eyeballs and no force in heaven or hell can abate the free flow of tears.
A chuppah is a canopy present at traditional Jewish weddings that has several symbolic meanings, depending on how observant a Jewish couple is. Neither of the grooms is religious in this ceremony but have chosen to marry under a chuppah as a way of thanking Victoria for her generosity.
John Watson, always the good soldier. John Watson, always the little boy trying to stay out of trouble and do what he thinks is right. Same story, writ larger and later. He loathes the woman beside him, but his daughter is still his daughter.
.” Judging by the older man’s reaction, John’s steely gaze must make people think he’s ten feet tall and bulletproof, for the slimeball slinks away shoulders hunched and never looks back.
I take his face in my hands and pull him to me in a kiss. If I weren’t so desperate to feel the rest of him as we make love, I would be willing to stay like this forever, because John Watson is a fantastic, tender kisser. I gentle him toward me as I lie back so that he is on top of me again, and every square inch of our bare skin is touching. Our hands travel up and down one another’s bodies, exploring back, hips, legs, arms, hair, cocks.
They wind their way around the maze of the enormous facility –
No missed calls from the hospital. I
“I’ll never say no to your gorgeous mouth on my cock, but just so you know, we don’t have to keep score. I’m fairly certain there will be enough opportunities for us both to have more our share of fu-,”
“And when I heard you say those things to Rosie today, it took everything I had not to run to you and grab you by the face and kiss the life out of you and tell you that I’ve loved you almost from the moment I laid eyes on you.”
“Your wife….she is dead. We worked on her for hours, but she went into disseminated vascular coagulation, or DIC. What that means is that –“
ones. He is unaccustomed to being on the receiving end of elaborate ruses, and he isn’t sure that he likes the idea. The kitchen smells heavenly, though, so he’s maybe willing to trust that whatever John has up his sleeve isn’t hazardous. John leads him through the kitchen into the sitting room, turns him around so that he is facing the kitchen again, and removes the blindfold.
“Sherlock, I think we have a few things we need to sort out. There are some things I need to know and some things I need you to know.”
John Watson has put up with a lot from Sherlock Holmes since they’ve known one another. From body parts in the fridge (and in other parts of the flat) to Sherlock shooting up walls because he’s ‘bored’ to no-pants Buckingham Palace to staring down some of the worst criminals humankind has to offer, John Watson is fairly certain at this point that he has seen and done most everything thanks to the madman he calls his husband currently sound asleep next to him in the bed. This latest incident, however, pissed John off in a way he'd never been pissed off before.
Iodine Nitrogen
“Anywhere you like, John. Anywhere at all.”
- over me, on me, and tongue inside my mouth. He reassures me of his presence
After settling on photographic evidence from John via text as reassurance that the refrigerated samples had not been compromised in any way over the course of the day, Sherlock was out of excuses to wander into the kitchen.
“Do you all have any questions?”
“The little gir-….the bee suit…..I just – I can’t do this, John,” Sherlock manages to grit out between sobs and ragged, heaving breaths. “She just-….she’s gone and…I loved her and she’s gone and it’s SO bloody unfair,” he spits out, the last few words coming rapid-fire-machine-gun style before he collapses into more sobs in the middle of the floor at Sainsbury’s, tears pouring from his eyes and mucus dripping out his nose and he does not move to wipe way either.
“Two can definitely play the flirty game, you know.”
As if on cue, Sherlock hears the footfall on the steps of the man who has become his lover, his heart, his home. John opens the door and finds everything darkened save for the candles Sherlock has lit without managing to set the building ablaze.
“Sherlock….love….can we maybe cut the cake sometime
His breath catches and God, how he wants to keep the stoic soldier face, but his daughter melts it out of him and his eyes spill over with years of unshed tears in front of all the nurses and the God he’s not sure he believes in.
Victoria catches her breath, then continues, “There is no shortage of books written about the subject, no dearth of talking heads wishing to pontificate on how to keep love, but if one truly seeks a living example of love, one need look no further than these two men. Each has endured heartbreak, death, and loss, and each would willingly do so again for the other. Love is not some kind of magical panacea, nor is it the stuff of fairy tales where all the world is a palace and all live happily ever after. Love is learning to live together in the muck of everyday life. Love is remembering that trash bins get set out on Tuesday. Love is remembering what tastes good on his tongue when he’s sick, and making that very thing appear before him on a day he’s feeling poorly. I can think of no two people on this planet who know each other so completely as these two. And now, in the interest of time, I would like Doctor Watson and Mister Holmes to step forward and share their own handwritten vows. Gentlemen?”
he says.
“Speaking,” John replies, shoulders squared at what he knows is coming.
“You’re moving out again once Rosie dies, John. I knew it, I should have seen it coming,” Sherlock pronounces quietly.
. No time to do a proper abdominal prep, just put her to sleep, throw some antiseptic on her belly and cut. Getting baby out quickly will be their top priority.
whose idea it was. Having an uninhibited buzzed-not-quite-drunk Sherlock Holmes grinding those oh-so-pliant hips right on his waist, occasionally brushing his crotch, is about as much as he can think about at the moment.
They kiss now, over teacups passed hand to hand and John’s laptop and sometimes breathless in alleys, but no more. John is deeply, lazily happy, no desire to push Sherlock or worry about the future. Sometimes he sees something there, Sherlock watching him hawkishly at crime scenes and over takeaway, but John is content to let him make the next move.
Sherlock swears passionately, curling in on himself. He’s cut at least one of his feet, blood smeared on the floor and flecked on the walls from his cut hand.
“A joke?” he finally asks.
Sherlock tries for dark and mysterious, but there is a breathy pitch to the end of his declaration that John isn’t ready to prod at yet.
John also knows that he’s never in a state to take care of himself, inevitably collapsing on the floor, usually the bathroom. Once Sherlock has realized he’s gross, he won’t soil the couch or his own bed, though John’s chair seems fair game when John isn’t occupying it.
When she leans back, her smile is cold and she snaps the car door shut on him, once again leaving with the last word.
“Then we’ll worry about it later.” John says, stepping neatly between Sherlock's legs and hauling him in for another bruising kiss.
John is bolting up the steps before she can even finish her sentence, his heart racing in his chest. The door locked means drugs or it means someone is in there within him who would think to lock it and both are terrifying thoughts.
He’s halfway through a sip of tea when Sherlock says, almost a whisper, “it was quiet, John.”
“Well…” Sherlock finally says.
Sherlock runs his hands up the back of John’s legs, fingers dancing along the top edge of his thighs, and John can’t control the mumbled swearing pouring from his mouth.
“You have a sweet tooth don’t you? Is that why you harass Mycroft so much?”
Mrs. Hudson and John share one more small smile and she closes and bolts her door as he trudges up the stairs.
They will always come back to the flat, bruised or bloody or madly laughing, and always back to each other.
“And?” John prompts and Sherlock shoots him a sharp look.
“Fine.” Sherlock snaps back, letting his head thump back to the floor and wincing pathetically.
She flashes a crisp white card that seems to appear from thin air and tucks it into his top jacket pocket with a fond tap. “If you have further need of my services,” she leans in close to whisper, "do take care of him for me, will you? It's not my policy to leave a client without proper aftercare."
It takes John a moment to realize Sherlock is speaking again.
“When have I ever?” John says, a half smile pulling at his mouth.
Sherlock eventually breaks the freeze by slurping his tea loudly and John realizes his hand is starting to go numb under the peas.
Molly’s starts with a heart emoji.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, smothering his smile into the couch cushions.
He laughs all the way to the freezer and gets two.
It’s the one year anniversary of Mary’s death.
They had been doing well. The year had gone by swiftly, full of successful cases and adventures and surprisingly delightful moments, him and Sherlock and Rosie. Sherlock had taken to Rosie rather better than any of them would have expected, though they should have seen it, another mind to talk endlessly too but never be interrupted. Rosie listens with rapt attention most days, watching Sherlock pace back and forth with a burbling smile. Molly and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade had all taken to being godparents in stride, all John’s fears and anxieties lifted and carried on a village’s shoulders.
“John,” Sherlock says, a little pleading, a little ordering. “John, I need-”
John is trying to ignore Sherlock watching him, but somehow his eyes are always in the corner of John’s vision. Neither of them hears a word of what Mrs. Hudson is on about, peering in the fridge, grimacing and poking Sherlock’s glassware and tupperware full of swirling mysterious substances.
John nods, retrieving a black wide tooth comb from the second drawer where it appears to be living with a tub of pomade, several small vertebrae John thinks might belong to a cat, a sewing needle, a package of violin strings, a single grapefruit spoon, a set of dentist tools, nail clippers, and a tube of aquaphor. John stares into the mess for a brief moment, wondering how a bathroom drawer can so perfectly encapsulate a single person.
“We’re going to talk about how good you are at this later,” John stutters out.
Just the corner of her mouth quirks up, “don’t knock it ‘til you try it, Dr. Watson. Though, I believe I underestimated you before. I thought you were jealous, but I think more specifically you are jealous you weren’t the one with the riding crop.”
Sherlock rubs at his shin and pushes the coffee table roughly askew with his foot, sending papers and mail sliding to the floor. He moves towards the kitchen, but without any of his usual precision, clipping the edge of the door on the way in.
John ducks between his arms to kneel at the bedside, hissing when Sherlock’s nails turn and drag up over his shoulders at the movement. John presses his mouth to Sherlock’s wrist, dragging lips, teeth, and tongue along the tender inside of his arm.
“Come on John.” Sherlock says, just the same deep, delighted tone he uses when he’s enticing John on some dangerous new adventure and they meet in the middle for a bruising kiss, Sherlock’s name half caught in John’s mouth.
Sherlock bucks impatiently under him, throwing his head back with a frustrated yell.
John, and Sherlock for perhaps one of the first times in his life, jump at the sound of Mrs. Hudson’s voice. She’s standing in the open doorway, looking pleased and a little wicked, a tray of tea and nibbles in her hands.
“What was that? I don’t speak smothered with a pillow.”
He knows his touch lingers and drags, watches himself do it while berating himself the whole time, but Sherlock for once does not fidget or pull away. When John finally lets him go, he leans forward almost immediately, reaching for John.
Sherlock mutters something that John can’t understand and he leans close, pressing his mouth to the skin of Sherlock’s shoulder blade in tease as he speaks.
Sherlock plucks at John’s shirt, making efficient work of the buttons. He shoves at it impatiently, letting John shake it off his arms, and instead dedicates himself to dragging his mouth over the soft skin of John’s belly.
Irene’s grin goes feral. She pulls the lapels of the coat apart and John resists the urge to turn away. But, surprisingly, she’s in a stunning, but rather normal dress, impeccably cut and the same deep black as her stilettos.
“Uh, what?”
John decides it’s his turn to pull a couple tricks out of his sleeve. Perhaps Sherlock caught him off guard, a little more experienced and a little filthier than John expected, but Sherlock has yet to learn exactly why the army boys called John “3 Continents” Watson.
Sherlock slides down in the water, his pale knees breaking the surface to accommodate his torso, and closes his eyes.
Sherlock lifts his head from the depths of his sheet to deliver John with a particularly ugly look and John’s brain catches up.
“Sherlock!” John barks.
John pulls Sherlock’s mug from his hands and sets it on the table carefully. He pulls a chair up close to Sherlock, so that one of Sherlock’s knees is caught between his own.
“Yes.” John snaps, without looking up. He hasn’t turned a page this entire time.
Sherlock jerks suddenly, must have drifted off, and scrambles at the floor, the edge of the table, a chair, to pull himself back upright, too quickly by the sick look on his face. He pulls himself through the flat by every available surface, knocking several stacks of papers and assorted objects to the floor in the process.
“Actually, no, you aren’t. That would involve you using actual words, aloud, outside of your own brain.”
Sherlock strolls casually out of his room, holding a light grey sheet wrapped messily around him, the rest trailing down and out like he’s in an ancient painting, a muse draped in linen. He has three mugs balanced precariously in the other hand, probably full of mold. He glides across the room and dumps them into the sink with a clatter that makes John jump.
The thought is a stark reminder. No matter the dosage or the drug, Sherlock is impaired in every sense of the word, and John doesn’t play that game.
John turns on the floor and reaches out on instinct, brushing Sherlock’s fingers aside with his own, and for a moment they both freeze. Sherlock’s face is a broken mask, lost and longing peeking through, his hands brushing over the back of John’s. A tentative, unspoken question to the touch.
A flash of white catches his eye and he freezes, momentarily panicked at not remembering the trip home.
John realizes with a furious blush that he’s come so hard he’s painted Sherlock from chest to jaw line, obscene and shining in the dark, but Sherlock doesn’t seem to care and John bloody loves it.
Irene’s pristine heels click across the floor, the lock turns, and the door opens slowly.
John does laugh this time, but he pulls out a chair and helps Sherlock into it. He peeks at the cut, not too deep, and chuckles again when Sherlock winces under his touch.
Sherlock moans indecently, his fingers twisting tightly in John’s hair, and John surges up to taste it with his own mouth. John can feel his hands tremble on Sherlock’s thighs, his mind spinning with possibilities.
“Did you find any corn or feed that might have been used to entice your geese away, Mr. Gurdy?” Siger asked.
Miranda reached up to take her Daddy’s hand.  Squeezing it, she whispered to John, “
“Time for your medicine, Siger, I think.” Sherlock Holmes raised a bag from the chemist’s.
’s hair was all wet, so it didn’t have any curls.  Siger pointed out tracks from the cats excitedly to
His stomach growled again.  He wished John were here.  Not for John’s love, or company as such.  But because Sherlock wanted to take out his unhappiness on someone.  Long suffering Dr. Watson would do nicely for that.  For one thing, he was wearing that eye sore of a blue plaid shirt that Sherlock hated.  Sherlock ruminated on the words  he could use to thoroughly piss John off.
Within moments Jeanette had the dynamic rearranged, and took the mobile from John’s hand to capture their first photograph together.  Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, and their children.  Siger Sweet, Miranda Cat, and Rosalind Love.
The range took up all of the space beneath the house - cellar and hiding place.  The lights were sometimes bright, and sometimes dim.  Mother had said that once James was good enough with his Beretta, they would practice in the darkness with sound targets.  James wondered how that would work with his hearing protectors on.
Ross, short for Rosalind, was behind, struggling to manhandle two pails each the size of the one that Siger had carried.  John went to her rescue, though his little tomboy - who was deliberately dressed just like her big brother, though was not as willowy - refused to let him take both pails.  “You can have one, Daddy!” Ross declared, “But I’m a big girl, and I can get the other one.”
“So,” Siger concluded, “Daddy did hurt your feelings.”
Exploring, John found a Toyota Corolla waiting in the garage. The bright blue of the car was dulled by use, and needed a wash. The refrigerator and freezer were filled with microwaveable meals. In the folder John found the password to the wi-fi, and an address for tomorrow.
John stared at the man.  “When did Mycroft invite us?”
In the white china bowl, the chemically induced redness of the preserved cocktail cherries gleamed in the lowered light.  “Alright,” said the perfectly finely heightened dockworker, “Who wants to go first, eh?”
Siger asked
Inaccurate.  Untruthful.  Mummy’s hair had been so lovely.  Not soft like John’s, but heavy and black and hanging like a handful of shining silk.  Sherlock had been permitted to watch Mummy’s maid brushing and plaiting her hair before an event.  His hands had itched to be able to hold the brush sliding down the dark waterfall, to hold and twist and braid it.
“I don’t think he was afraid of her, though,” Miranda’s voice was thoughtful now.
Thus reminded, the tall, dark haired consulting detective reluctantly activated his own, and tucked it in the cuff of his own bright blue shirt’s sleeve.
“What did Daddy say?” Siger asked, his well-worn plush violin hugged tightly in one arm, a fairly new plush Erythrocyte in the other.
John took a slurping bite of pasta.  “I called to annoy you.  So you wouldn’t forget what it was like to have me home.  I knew you wouldn’t be sleeping.”
The park had been nice, if drizzly.  They didn’t feed the ducks.  Siger ran all about exploring, because
There would be no one sitting next to him.  John had the entire row on this side.  Mycroft offered that as a perquisite of making this trip, and John had happily taken him up on it.  Leaning back against the dark blue of the seat and headrest, the doctor listened to the sounds around him.  Various mechanical noises, the hum of the air turning on, low chatter in this section, and until the curtains were pulled between the sections a good deal of louder speech floating forward from areas behind.
I am three days late on the Advent for this year.  It's been a busy, tired, and sad weekend.   But I thought I'd post this, in the meantime.
Sherlock leaned back in the rocker.  “Mummy had an account book.  No computer.  I was told what amount I had to spend.  So much for Mycroft, so much for Father.  So much for each person - Family, of course, had a larger amount than that set aside for the servants, or for other individuals.  Should we choose to give gifts to others outside of the household.  I do not believe Mycroft or I were much given to gift giving otherwise.”
“I do not think Uncle Mycroft is mean,
John Watson laughed.  “Just you wait, Greg.  Soon enough you and Mycroft will have one, and then you'll see.  Siger, he meant that I have a prejudice against Arsenal.  And he’s right, isn’t he, sweet?”
The other two were a pencil-nosed ginger gent, and a little blond bloke.  Easy enough, Cuddles supposed.  Giving Tiger Moran a nod, he packed his bags, the file with the pics in the outside pocket, and went to ground in the north.
“What?” Sherlock asked, puzzled.
How Rosalind and Miranda ended up with their terms of endearment.
When John wrote about his heart leaping into his mouth, Sherlock had scoffed.  Remembering how he’d felt coming through the children’s bedroom door to find the room empty illustrated that sentiment all too well.  Obviously he’d quickly ascertained their escape route.  Peering over the sill, seeing Siger bravely, slowly, carefully moving down the emergency ladder - Guillame strapped to his back - he’d almost choked on the upwelling of pride.
had written VEB on with a marker.
“This one caused a few deaths in its time, as many a shepherd’s crooks has done.  It has a history, has this crook,” the man pointed out, eager to share the old tales.
“Well,” Bert tried to translate his thoughts clearly, “You put boots on your feet.  They have blades on the bottom.”
“It’s part of a body from the mortuary,” Sherlock said absently, having lost interest in the conversation.  “Molly made it up and gave me several.”
“My husband can always guess too. Sometimes he can tell from the first page of the book.  Remind me to give you my card at the end of the flight, and you can let me know when your books are published,” John told her. “I’m not going to ask your name, because it’s really not good to share that with strangers.”
But when Daddy came rushing in, saying, “Siger!  Stay in bed!  If you need something I’ll get it for you, okay?” Siger found that the tears started leaking out.
There was a disturbance at the Santa’s Grotto.  John was holding Miri, whose face was buried - snuffling and penitent - in her father’s awful Christmas jumper.  Bert was buckling Ross into the pram, and the Elf was kicking at a wooden door behind Father Christmas’s throne.  “It won’t open,” she shouted into the crack between the door and what looked like an unnaturally sturdy wall for such an impermanent structure.
John gritted his teeth, then regretted that. More than a bit not good to make a small boy feel unhappy just because John was not a maths wizard.  Taking another deep breath, John relaxed. He smiled, and told his son, “I’m afraid you’ll have to, Sweet.  What are these formulas for?”
‘Your
Until two years later, when his mad, dead partner came back to life in the most irritating way possible; with a horribly fake French accent and a penciled in mustache.  It was to be expected, though, wasn’t it?  That Sherlock would come back from the dead to wreck another of John’s dates?
The only hair he’d cared about before had been his own.
Bert was busy chatting up the Elf, who wore a short green holly leaf skirt, candy cane-striped stockings, and a tight little jacket of red felt patterned with snowflakes.  She was wearing small jade earrings that didn’t go with the costume at all, and within a few moments he had gotten her to admit to being a Buddhist.  She was studying Philosophy,  but had taken the elf job for some quick cash.
“Today is the Winter solstice, Siger,” John Watson told his son as he zipped up Siger’s light blue snow suit.  John was wearing his parka already, but it wasn't zipped yet.  Next came the little blue and white mittens that were attached with a line down inside each sleeve.   Even so, Siger still managed to lose mittens in large quantities.  John went on, “That means that today there will be more darkness than daylight.  It is the shortest day of the year, and the longest night.”
Then, since he had indulged Miri, Mycroft bought Rosalind a large bow of her own choice.  She picked, of course, plaid.
The blond gave him a long-suffering glance.  There were a resident doctor and midwife both obviously thrown by the comments leading up to this one, and they nervously reassured the woman on the delivery table from where they crouched between her wide-spread legs and stirruped feet.  Taking a much needed respiration, she looked up at the dark haired man and breathlessly asked, “What are you on about?”
Daddy told
“No.  Though we can’t go out, we’ll have to do some of our Christmas shopping from 221B,” he reassured his son.
“Baby Jesus,” Ross said to Miri.  That was, in itself, unusual.  Ross could speak, and they tried to encourage her.  Miri tended to speak for her twin, and Siger had a tendency to pontificate instead of allowing his sisters to speak.  John wryly thought, “I wonder where that comes from.”
“The thing is, Siger, school is your work. You’re fortunate that you don’t have to find a job to pay for schooling.  But you’ve always put your entire effort into your classes.  Even if it wasn’t toward the goal your teachers set.  That needs to continue. There’s so much for you to learn about life to make good music.  So many prodigies burn out, and then have to climb up a mountain to get back to where they were to begin with.”  John closed the cabinet and looked up at the boy who changed his life, much like Siger’s father had.
John laughed and took another pull of his lager.  “No, the children did not “buy” this for me.  Nor did Sherlock, although he told me that this was without a doubt the most horrific garment I had ever dared to assault his eyes with.  And that, if I wanted to play that game, he could find one even worse.  But he didn’t want to destroy our friendship.”
“Thanks, a lot!” he told her.  After saying goodnight to the children, he put on a tee shirt, a long sleeved shirt over that, and a bright red sweater over both, followed by his coat.  He had no long underwear - he’d never needed them, and had to settle for navy blue trousers, two pair of thick socks and his trainers.  Dropping the borrowed brown mittens in a borrowed brown woolen hat, he wrapped a black and white striped scarf that Mrs. Hudson had made for him.
“Mine was ‘Uh oh!’” the still mostly blond man gave up on the spot and sat back on his heels.  “I got into things.”
Miranda was the last today.  There had been more recently because the exhibition would be over soon.  Miranda herself was trying to get the last bits of detail down, had thought of a way to implement the crown’s metalwork and design into a brocade she’d been thinking of for weeks.
The coloured fairy lights blinked at them as the pair tidied the boxes and wrappings away.  Presents and stockings were put out, and a fire laid in the hearth for the morning.  John fetched cut-out Christmas cookies from the kitchen, while Sherlock poured them each a measure of brandy, and they settled onto the couch to view their masterpiece.
“Right,” and Sherlock Holmes stood and started to put his microscope slides away.
“Are you saying that two men shopping with a toddler for a Christmas dress will presuppose homosexuality, and therefore change the quality of service?”
“Alright, Siger, let’s find the loo,” Sherlock held out his hand and left Miri and Ross to John and Bert.
Siger threw him a look.  “Not hot pink, Dad.  The dye would have faded out almost completely by this time I should think,” he said.
Siger left the babies and wandered to his
, and received a package in the mail. He was downstairs when the package arrived, sitting on the bottom step feeling bad.  He did not feel well.  Both of his sisters, and everyone else in the household, were in quarantine, and so he was lonely.  He was also sad for
It's Advent!
“After two weeks of chasing after a murder-for-hire gang?” John clarified.
read us a poem about it.  It was longer.  That is all I remember,” Siger nodded wisely.  For
John was organizing the children and Mrs. Hudson into a vehicle - they’d called Anthea instead of Uber or a taxi.  Stepping briskly up, the thin, dark haired man ducked under the caution tape.  At least the front door had not been broken open by the firefighters, though there were dents and chips in the black paint.  The knocker was more askew than normal.  Mycroft would hate that.  Sherlock had propped the door open for the emergency services before running up the stairs to the children’s room.
Another suitcase, John’s oatmeal jumper, jeans, and collection of red pants.  Enough for tomorrow and clothes shopping.  Sherlock quickly sorted through his sock index, and acquired appropriate and matching garments, followed by comfortable flannel pajama bottoms and a soft, worn tee shirt.
“Siger,” his Père gave the little boy a look that was obviously not severe, “Where would we keep ponies in the flat?”
pretended to be startled.  Then he admitted, ‘Yes, SIger, it is for you and for Rosalind, and for Miranda.”
It was still somewhat light outside, but the glittering, almost dancing rainbows on the walls, floor, and wooden furniture came from artificial lighting.  Every lamp in the room was on.
Miranda piped up, “Why doesn’t Siger?”
“No!” Captain John Watson was certain in his voice of command, “There will be no biohazardous  material in this flat.”  On second thought, “No experiments with germs, Sherlock. None.  Do you understand?”  Because human and animal body parts could be consider a bio hazard certainly.
They were safe.  Things were, if not actually good, then not horrible.  He and Sherlock would find out who did this, and Mycroft and Greg would see that person put away for a long time.  John Watson settled back into the embrace of his spouse and went back to sleep.
Sherlock Holmes came home from last minute Christmas shopping to find his family beneath the Christmas tree.  Siger was attempting to teach Miranda to say, “woof”, and crawl instead of inch about.  Rosalind sat and contemplated her newly redecorated kingdom while chewing on one of Siger’s rubber bees.
Siger, Ross, and Miri was supremely offended at not knowing something important enough to be mentioned by the Queen.. John made certain that the family always watched the Queen’s Messages at Christmastime. The April 5th message was no different.  Will and Joy did not care as much. They shared their Uncle Sherlock’s opinion that what the people in suits in London did wasn’t important, unless Daddy had done it. Though they did like Queen. And her dogs.  And maybe the great grandchildren. The outrage got worse.
He got only a few steps before tripping over the first of several boxes in his way.  His cry of pain, followed by a bitter, vehement curse, didn’t wake Sherlock, who began to snore slightly.
“Yuss,” came out quickly, and Sherlock handed his two year old son down to the woman who had become a friend through the course of her pregnancies.
“And that’s a no,” Daddy said, sharing a bit of rusk with Miri.  She must be feeling better, then.
One shelf of golden blonde beechwood held three works.  This was where the detective kept his memories of the Christian Bible.  He was not a believer, but John was, and therefore it was shelved on his husband’s shelf in the library.  Possibly it should have been in the room of his Mind Palace that housed causes of fanaticism.  Or historical crimes.  John had become more important.
“You know, I’ve been thinking it might be nice to take Siger to an actual game.  As a Christmas present.  Instead of that set of drums, you know,” Uncle Greg gave Siger a sideways smile.  Siger knew that Uncle Greg was not going to get him a set of drums.  That was a joke.  Still, Uncle Greg had taught him how to bounce a drumstick on the bottom of a tin, and it made a really interesting noise when he did so.
Sherlock shrugs like
“What am I, grounded?!” Sherlock snaps.
He pounds on the door, roaring, “Unlock this door Sherlock or I’m taking it apart with my bare hands!”
“You...liked it.” It’s not a question.
The air rustles Sherlock’s curls each time it oscillates past but Sherlock doesn’t say another word. John can’t see his face from this angle, but Sherlock’s tight shoulders start to slide loose, his breathing going deep and even.
Sherlock brings his hand to the plane of John’s face, mirroring John’s own position, and John presses into the touch a little.
On another day, in another place, John would relive the words ,”I’m sorry apparently I missed…” coming from Sherlock’s mouth for the rest of his natural life. It does at least cause a grin to break through the simmering anger he’s been wallowing in since this whole thing started.
John’s brain takes a moment to catch up. “Uh…” he says, feeling like a child under her frowning gaze, “...out.”
“It’s going to be me,” John says quietly, leaning in close. “You’ll have one file in that drawer, and it’ll have my name on it.”
Just before she closes the door, she pauses.
“John,” Sherlock says into the skin of his temple, both of them reduced to simply hanging on to each other like survivors in a storm.
“Come along boys,” she calls from the kitchen, “get it before it’s cold!”
“-- this insufferable heat. Impossible to focus on anything of value, my head feels like daytime telly.”
! Greg offers.
This day in particular is the most utterly normal kind of Sunday, in a way 221B hasn’t seen in a long time. John has a cup of tea and the paper, nowhere to be and no one to put on more than ratty jeans and slippers for. The windows are open to invite a breeze, damp heat shimmering ahead of dark, rumbling thunderclouds on the horizon. When the first gust of cool air breaks on the edge of the storm, it tugs playfully at papers and the curtains as it sweeps the flat, making John shiver.
John pins Sherlock to the wall with hips and one arm tight under his arse and uses the other to drift fingers at the edges of fine, dark hair stretching down Sherlock’s stomach and beneath the sheet, his fingers just brushing the velvety soft head of Sherlock’s cock.
“Did high Sherlock just give me advice for sober Sherlock?”
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John says quietly, running a thumb over the length of them together.
“And what?”
“I said, I clear the cameras twice a week.”
John sobers for a moment, caught in the sudden intimacy of the moment. Sherlock is touchably close and impossibly far, droplets of water chasing all the sharp lines of him and bleeding envy into John’s veins.
Sherlock doesn’t break eye contact as he slides his mouth over John’s length again, humming slightly and sending John bucking in his grip again. John touches his thumb reverently to the edge of Sherlock’s stretched lips, sliding it forward as he slides back out until there is room for him to run the pad of his thumb along Sherlock’s teeth, catching a bit of that tongue.  He digs his fingers in a little under the line of Sherlock’s jaw, feeling the other man swallow sharply and sending rippling shudders through them both.
“Mary,” he says, voice breaking on her name, “had us made right from the start.”
A soft patter of rain starts up outside and quickly speeds until it is the constant hum of a downpour. Lighting flashes again, each time closer and brighter, thunder rumbling on the horizon now. The room goes dark, without sun or streetlamp, and Sherlock reaches one long arm to flip on the lamp, flooding the room with warm gold light.
There is a brief, uncertain moment of stillness and then John lunges at precisely the same moment Sherlock opens the hand holding the sheet.
“Maybe later,” John concedes, resting his head on the cushion next to Sherlock’s.
The silence is broken by an ear splitting scream and the unmistakable sound of a fist meeting a mirror (John knows, he still has those scars across his knuckles.)
It’s obvious Sherlock has experience, a thought John can’t dwell too closely on right now, but he responds with such breathless delight to every little touch that John is momentarily furious at every person who has ever touched Sherlock before and not made him feel this way each and every time. It only lasts a moment though, before the smug pleasure that he’s the only one to tempt these writhing sounds from Sherlock Holmes bleeds through.
He finally lets them both give in, sinking his mouth down over Sherlock's cock and testing the edges of his old skills as Sherlock swears in more languages than he can follow.
She heaves a long-suffering dramatic sigh worthy of Sherlock himself.
“A given,” Sherlock mutters into his tea.
“She’s telling the truth.” John prompts, it’s not a question.
“Your tea is on the table,” John replies, settling into his armchair with his own cup and sighing in relief.
, John’s mind whispers.
Sherlock sits upright again and sighs long sufferingly, scrubbing hard through his hair so that when he lifts his head the curls are going every which direction.
He trudges up the stairs, the loss of adrenaline leaving him tired and a little sick. When he lets himself back into the flat, Sherlock is on his back now, his hands steepled under his chin.
Sherlock looks ...debauched. There is no other word for it. His shirt is open three buttons deep, jacket missing, bare feet flexing, and he’s blushed from his ears into the shadows of his clothes.
He lets John work in silence, carefully pouring water over his hair, blocking it from running down his face. Sherlock’s favorite shampoo is all mint and eucalyptus, expensive, and John works it into a silky lather.
John transfers his tight grip to Sherlock’s thighs, thumbs running just along the inside and testing the edges of the draped sheet, making Sherlock duck his head to muffle his sounds into the shadows of John’s shoulder.
Sherlock gets one more punch in before John shoulders the door open, slamming the wood into Sherlock who stumbles back into the wall. Sherlock is dazed for a moment, giving time for John to get between him and the remnants of glass showered over the sink, counter, and onto the floor before Sherlock lunges at him.
Sherlock opens his mouth, closes it again. Tilts his head in a way that John knows means he’s scanning his memories, sifting through them like a file cabinet.
Tragically, they’ve nothing in but some molding cheese and a white butcher paper package John doesn’t have the courage to open.
“That’s ridiculous, drowned bodies are bloated.”
John feels gently around the matted sections of Sherlock’s hair, trying to get a feel for how to tackle them. It brings a sick rush to his stomach to see them, a reminder of everything that led to them in this glass and blood and water strew bathroom, ghosts between them and guilt heavy in the steamy air.
Sherlock makes an aborted movement, half shrug and half bodily eye roll, which almost sends him backwards, scrabbling at the door frame to keep upright.
He casts back to a vague memory of Harry as a child, horrible knots in the long hair she hated. He always wondered if she did it on purpose, as a way to force their mother to cut her hair, but John’s mom was patient and delicate each time, sitting next to the bath and gently working the knots from Harry’s hair. He tries to remember the process, mostly calling up memories of Harry yelling and his mom smiling softly.
While waiting in line at the shop he gets a text:
Sherlock waves a hand in his general direction, “You think too loud.”
John looks down and bounces a little in the chair, “I don’t hear anything.”
“Sentiment,” John repeats.
Sherlock turns his head just enough to watch John mouth along the round of his shoulder, looking peaceful.
When he meets Sherlock’s gaze again, the taller man looks struck, hope and desire flickering in the maelstrom of his emotions. John releases his grip on Sherlock’s hand, but Sherlock steps closer, sliding that same hand along John’s jaw and into his hair. John catches him by the waist, fingers half on damp warm skin and half on terry cloth, and pulls them together on instinct.
John sees putting Sherlock to bed, brushing his hair back from his face and smiling when Sherlock whines about being mollycoddled, half asleep already. Sees himself watching Sherlock sleep, mumbling to himself even unconscious. He can picture the climb to his own room, the chill of a military bed and a spartan lifestyle, and sees himself instead, shoving Sherlock over and climbing into his bed. Sherlock who spends as much on his bedding as he does on his clothes, luxurious and soft and warm.
Sherlock’s shoulders hitch just once under John’s touch, and he presses the heels of his hands into his eyes and then back over his skull.
For a brief, shining moment, John sees as Sherlock does. Sherlock’s pupils blown wide, the race of his pulse in his neck, the way his tongue darts out to touch his lip when John pulls back, the fine tremble of Sherlock’s hand.
John can hear his own teeth grinding.
John waits exactly five full seconds and then rapidly bounces up and down on the apparent squeaky spring with as much gleeful energy as he can muster.
He lays there a moment, dazed and seething, and John steps over him neatly, not offering to help.
“I have no idea what you are talking about, I’m not having a crisis.”
John rubs his hands over his face again, sighing. “Well I think we both know Sherlock isn’t suddenly going to be a, ‘choke me daddy,’ type so...do I want to know what this was actually about?”
John pointedly ignores Irene, who perches herself on the armrest of Sherlock’s chair, the leather of her riding crop creaking under her fingers as she watches them.
“It’s hot in my room and we aren’t going anywhere and Mrs. Hudson is out this morning.” Sherlock snaps.
“Isn’t there usually tea in this?”
“I can tell when someone is aroused John.”
“Yes, fancy, you arse! Someone you like in a sentimental fashion! Stop saying it like it’s something disgusting. Adults are supposed to communicate these things, ask you know? Not everyone attaches feelings to sex or the other way round, but, it’s important to ask.”
John wants to sit in the path of the fan but isn’t willing to drag a chair and wake Sherlock. He hesitates only a moment and then walks carefully across the room, dropping a pillow beneath him as he sinks to the floor in front of the couch, setting his laptop on the coffee table in front of him. He can just hear Sherlock’s stuffy-nosed snore wheezing into the couch cushions over his shoulder and the fan is a comforting breeze over both of them. John immediately feels better.
“Sherlock, I’m gonna-”
Sherlock stops in the archway of the kitchen door and looks back. “What?”
John sets himself to exploring the entire geography of Sherlock’s neck and the landscape of his collarbones, hand pressed wide over Sherlock’s lower stomach, carefully noting each sound and squirm and gasp he is rewarded with through touch and sound. He’s not sure how long has passed when Sherlock tugs on his hair impatiently.
“Calm down,” John manages to say, half breathless and half laughing, too amused and delighted to think clearly about the fear and uncertainty tangled at the bottom of this particular barrel of monkeys.
A silence continues to ooze in that honeyed way, sweet and sticky. John feels like the temperature is rising by the second.
Sherlock scoffs, tucking the towel around his waist while John drapes another over his head, scrunching water from his hair.
“John, please!”
“I’ll be right back. Don’t drown while I’m out.”
John lunges for Sherlock, Irene neatly stepping out of the way, and grabs him by the face. One of his cheekbones is just starting to swell and purple, and there is a massive livid bruise peeking out of his gaping shirt collar, ringed in teeth marks and a hint of red lipstick.
John just catches Mrs. Hudson peeking out a crack in her door. He offers her a grim smile but shakes his head, letting her know Sherlock is probably going to live, but he’s just as likely to fly off the handle and John can’t protect her while he’s trying to protect Sherlock from himself.
Sherlock hurls himself down on the couch cushions in a huff, “well, you seem content to keep spreading it so why should I bother?”
When Sherlock falls head first into his vice of choice, how can John blame him? Bubbling at the bottom of his own bottle? He’s proud of the progress they’ve made in the last year: for Rosie, for Mary, but never for themselves.
The bathroom door slams, bouncing in the frame instead of sticking. Evidently Sherlock hasn’t noticed, because the tap clunks on and everything is silent again except for the rush of water.
The thought of Sherlock feeling anything less than utterly wanted, even when he's listless and stuffy-nosed and frustrated, is suddenly viscerally abhorrent to John.
“Yes. Fun.” John offers sarcastically.
John is staring at Sherlock’s eyes, but Sherlock’s gaze is zeroed in on John’s mouth, his eyes the perfect silver teal of olive leaves glinting in the sun. Barely a handbreadth away and Sherlock still somehow looks lonely.
“I’m scared I’m going to lose you too,” John whispers between them.
“You’ve been high as a kite for at least the last 48 hours, I should think you’ve had enough excitement.”
“Oi!”
“Fuck, oh fuck come here,” John orders, pulling and pushing Sherlock’s until he’s spread luxiously on his back across his own bed, licking at his swollen mouth and looking at John like the cat who got the canary.
“That’s what I’m trying to tell you Sherlock. This is a lot more than that, for me. It means something.”
“Legs around me, I’ll carry you to the hall.”
“You poor dear,” she tsks, turning to Sherlock. “Keeping him up all hours of the night worried about you, you should be ashamed of yourself.”
There is a fine line between self-awareness and self-hatred and Sherlock’s always meanered back and forth over it.  While John may wish now and again that Sherlock employed a fraction of his brain to attempting to be a marginally more thoughtful human, all in all he wouldn’t change one molecule of Sherlock Holmes. If quicksilver eyes and that secret crooked smile costs him toes in the crisper drawer, any pain he’s ever endured, and whatever madcap chase Sherlock will send them on next, then John would gladly pay an eternity over.
“Ugh, god. You know me John, you’ve seen me work. I don’t seek it out, the way you all do!”
“For his face,” she says with a stern look, pointing to Sherlock who looks as if he’s trying to hide behind his own mug.
“Murder would at least make this day less excessively dull.”
“No, it’s just that I would actually have to fuck you on every stable available surface in the flat and I’m not convinced Mycroft doesn’t have cameras in the books or something.”
John digs his fingers just slightly into Sherlock’s hair, trying to keep himself from slapping Sherlock right across his already bruised face. A cursory check shows Sherlock’s pulse is steady, his pupils are blown wide but not uneven, and he seems to be breathing normally, so John assumes it’s the same chemical as last time which made Sherlock docile and floppy as a sleepy puppy but had no lasting effects.
“Ask me about it when I’m sober,” Sherlock says, letting John’s hand slide from his grasp gently. “Don’t let me avoid the question or insult you.”
His voice cuts out when John presses his mouth, hot and open, to the thin, tender skin of Sherlock’s top rib and then bites down one by one until he reaches Sherlock’s stomach. He mouths there, relishing in the heave of Sherlock’s breath under his mouth, dipping his tongue into Sherlock's navel and earning a delightfully surprised shout, before he moves on. He settles himself in the vee of Sherlock’s legs, bracketed by the pale stretch of Sherlock’s thighs, and runs his hands over every part of Sherlock’s skin he can reach except exactly where Sherlock wants his hands.
“I’m a sociopath John, I don’t suppress-”
Once the only life in his care was his own, John let himself wallow in it.
The case last night hadn’t wrapped up until just before sunrise after 3 grueling days of stakeouts and foot chases, both of them stumbling into a flat lit only by pink-tinged dawn light. John had slept most of the morning and into the afternoon, still in his jeans, reliving the whole ordeal in a haze of blurred fever dreams. Indeed, he’s not even sure he fully remembers how he got into bed, half feeling like he was dreaming from the moment his adrenaline dropped during the cab ride home.
“You. Liked. It.” John says again.
“I’m remembering why I like you, Watson. You bite,” she says appreciatively. She watches him for a long moment in which he refuses to blink and suddenly she shrugs, the spell broken. “He said it was for a case. Something about force, the rate and shape of the bruising. It’s the first time he’s texted back in ages, it sounded fun.”
John rubs at his face. “I was just out with Stamford for a few pints. You know I can’t take him, he gets bored and Sherlock bored gets me banned from pubs. Why didn’t you just tell him to shut it?”
and gestures vaguely across the sweep of the room which John takes to mean the average every day bustle of life Sherlock doesn’t consider himself part of. “Do you really think I’ve never had sex with someone for a case? Then there was that memorable year Mycroft cut me off, and you know how addicts are.”
This time though, it came out of left field. No wind-up, no descent into mania preceding... just the quiet creep of time and Sherlock gone like a candle flame under one swift breath.
Sherlock is looming over him, looking expectant, and suddenly turns on his heel and walks away.
He moves to the door, knocking gently.
Once upon a time this would have been weird, awkward, but John’s a doctor and Sherlock is Sherlock and they’ve been through too much to wonder at the oddness of their proximity.
“Arguable that,” he calls over his shoulder.
Perhaps that’s why it never sticks.
John looks over his shoulder with what he hopes is a suitably pointed glare but Sherlock only shrugs, swanning back through the flat and curling into his chair in one seamless move, sheet endlessly tangled and draped around him. Hints of him are exposed between the lines of the soft fabric: the toes of one foot, curled up to the top of his thigh, one pale shoulder sharp and bare, the long fingers of one hand.
Sherlock turns in just a way that a passing car illuminates the bruise traversing the plane of his cheek and something in John snaps.
“And a stone lighter. Don’t worry, I carry all my muscle in my thighs.” John says with what he hopes is a suggestive wiggle of his eyes brows. “I can’t believe you haven’t noticed.”
The kiss is a lightning strike, Sherlock barely holding on to his sheet with one hand and crushing John’s paper between them with the other, one leg slid into John’s chair and against his hip to get closer. John’s hands, still clutched on the ruined paper, brush against the skin of Sherlock’s stomach, feeling the sharp draw of breath each time they connect.
He says
Something tight in John’s chest loosens in answer. Sherlock struggles to control his wild energy swings at the best of times, but the lack of consistent rest was starting to become a self-sabotaging circle. John had tried every way he could invent to get Sherlock’s temperature down and was just starting to wonder if he’d have to call Mycroft or Molly to get some tests done and scripts filled when the fever finally broke on it’s own.
His breath blows over John’s face, smelling of coffee, radiating triumph in every line of his body. John feels like he’s holding a loaded gun, warm and familiar and dangerous and so,
All he knows is suddenly his arms are full of Sherlock and they are kissing like the other holds all the oxygen in the room.
Sure enough, Sherlock is in a pool at the base of the door, looking like a wretched wet cat. He’s tightly curled into himself, his eyes glass bright and angry through the curtain of his dirty hair. He’s kicked his shoes off on the landing, bare feet flexing against the wood in agitation.
“It was...quiet. My head, when she...it was quiet, for just a moment.”
John can’t help the smile that twists his mouth under Sherlock’s. Of course Sherlock would never be capable of focusing only on a kiss, part of his brain cataloguing and filing at all times. It’s so perfectly, beautifully Sherlock that it makes John want to kiss him all the more.
“Wait you tur-” John starts to say and trails off incoherently when Sherlock dips his fingers beneath his waistband to brush the head of his cock, watching John like he’s a bubbling experiment.
John moves to stand and Sherlock’s hand shoots out, startlingly quick, to catch his sleeve. John looks back in surprise to find Sherlock looking panicked, a little lost, shifted like he plans to leap out of the tub after John.
Sherlock's long fingers wrap around his forearm, slick and tight, and John finds himself caught in the spell.
It takes John’s brain a moment to catch up, but Sherlock is already moving on before he can reply.
“I wouldn’t do it when Mrs. Hudson is around. Trust me John, I’m even more horrified by the prospect of that conversation than you are.”
“She said it was for a case?”
Sherlock is trembling in his hands and it doesn’t take long to send him over the edge. Johhn shows off just a little, pressing and pressing until Sherlock is fucking his throat in short, sharp little thrusts as he cums.
“Just where have you been?” She snaps.
“You deserved that,” John offers, not bothering to ask if he’s okay.
“I don’t need to “try” anything.” John whispers between them.
John hums in reply, beyond words, idly stretching to run his teeth over the shell of Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock swears under his breath, his hips rocking up and pressing his silky cock along the length of John’s stomach.
John’s not an idiot. He’s not unaware of the codependent nature of his relationship with Sherlock Holmes, especially in the past year, nor is he prone to anxiety on the matter. He accepted long ago that he can’t keep Sherlock alive, because he can barely keep himself alive, and the guilt he used to feel for that has long ago melted into something softer and kinder.
, is more important than whatever he had on those slides.
John busies himself in the flat, hanging up his coat, shaking the rain out of his hair, peering through the mail Mrs. Hudson left on the table, flipping the kettle on and pulling down mugs and tea. Sherlock lays in a pile on the floor so long John almost wonders if he fell asleep, but eventually he stirs, heaving himself up with judicial help from the door frame.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s shoulders heave in sigh, the bones visibly sliding underneath his skin.
“Do you care at all if you were to trigger him?”
, “you’re so bloody smart. So, either you knew that, and you still keep sticking him with needles, or, you aren’t as good as you thought.”
John stares at him for a while.
His brain screams.
John crawls up his body, shoving him back and truly embraces the meaning of the phrase 'snogged senseless'. When he pulls back, Sherlock looks dazed and stunned, his hair a wild nest and his cheeks flushed.
Sherlock’s hair slicked back in dark waves makes his face ever sharper than usual, something unearthly and dangerous about him. Through the pale lens of the water, he seems like a fae creature, a Kelpie luring John to follow beneath the surface.
“Are you actually reading?” Sherlock finally says.
Sherlock doesn’t move from his white knuckle grip on the doorframe. “Are you sure you don’t want to call Molly?” he asks in a mocking voice, ignoring John’s question.
“What do you want, Sherlock?” John asks, refusing to wilt under Sherlock’s stare.
When they finally break, John has absolutely no idea how much time has passed and it’s glorious. He was wrong about Sherlock being debauched before, only now does he deserve the term. His mouth is red and just a little swollen to match the bruise growing on his cheekbone, his eyes dark, his shirt half untucked and his breath heaving in his chest.
Sherlock surges into him, pinning him to the wall and keeping him from crumpling to the floor. John manages to get his legs under him, but it takes longer than it should due to Sherlock’s plundering kiss, wet and hot and full of teeth and impatience.
