Bewildered, she felt herself shaken roughly a few times, before she swatted Sherlock away and righted herself. Of all the times for John to actually be at his day job for once.
"Sherlock, what do I do," he murmured shakily. "He...he fucking...broke my heart," he uttered. He soon felt sheepish and embarrassed when he realised that Sherlock probably didn't understand what he was on about. The detective's response was temporarily postponed by the raucous yell of the pub's inhabitants, deafening even the TV commentator with drunken joy at the most recent football goal.
"Oh, John, you don't know how fantastic this is.” Sherlock shook his head in delirious wonderment. He drew back his exploring fingers, but prodded with further questions. "Can you feel it? Is it still wet?"
He stretched his arms over his head, wincing happily at the resultant pull and tug on his sore, abused muscles. It was a deep, glorious ache and Sherlock revelled in it for almost a full minute, twisting this way and that to make his muscles spasm and pang and smart. If he hadn't been already shagged out, he would have been incredibly aroused by it.
John was getting a little irritated by Sherlock's worrying displays of jealousy and self-consciousness. He felt that, at this point, he'd made it clear how he felt about Sherlock and he decided it'd be best to speak bluntly.
John sighed, relenting, but still embarrassed. "No...you haven't done anything wrong. It's just...well, you get a bit eager and...I want our sex life to stay private, all right, Sherlock? I don't want random strangers knowing what we're buying that...
“Because you were awake. And I thought it would cheer you up.” Sherlock shrugged and then rocked on his feet. “You…like it, right?”
Sherlock breathed out sharply and closed his eyes- but John was having none of that. "Look at me." He encouraged. "Watch me touch you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock beamed with a gorgeous, malicious grin, and turned to pat John, who was still wheezing, on the back. "Oh, yes...he does grow. Or I mean, he
John glared at him from beneath lowered brows. "That won't be enough- Sherlock!" He yelped as Sherlock tried twisting away from him, managing to slide his slick hand along his own shaft once before Sherlock sank onto the head of his cock.
“…If I said yes, would you be annoyed with me or amused?” Sherlock replied, his nose nudging at the collar of John’s t-shirt.
John hummed, still moving the toy at a slow, measured pace. "I know how much you love fucking me, Sherlock. I don't often let you...but when I do...oh, Christ, it feels
“No, you do,” Sherlock said simply, his grey-green eyes clear and ingenuous. “But your opinions on controversial science are certainly a boon.”
"Look, I was surprised- fucking stunned, actually- when I got your message but...You don't exactly see me having a crisis, do you?"
John cleared his throat, uncomfortable. "Yeah I know. It's fine. It's all fine. Um...just...why did you choose one that was so…
He was short also- no debating where John had gotten his height from- with grey hair and a weathered, lined face. His brown eyes were observant and keen and from his bearing and the way he dressed, Sherlock knew he was a man to be taken seriously. A direct counterpoint to his bubbly wife. No doubt John had called him "sir" as a boy, and not "father."
Still staring out of the window, looking but not seeing, he heard very distant gunshots, and he spontaneously pushed both hands against his face, the left one clumsy and oddly-numb. The redundancy of the attempt suddenly reduced him to a shock of tears - wretched, horrible sobs.
As it was, he yelped under his breath, both hands instinctively cupping the back of John's head and kneading as his hips began to writhe inadvertently but sensually. His thighs came up, bracketing John's body between them as John lowered his mouth the rest of the way down, until his nose was almost flush with the dark brown curls surrounding Sherlock's cock.
He smiled around his mouthful of cock, loving his ability to make Sherlock go breathless, stealing his words away with the smallest of licks.
ignored. Like I said, I don't think much will change," John laughed, smoothing over Sherlock's prostate a few times.
Sherlock swallowed, keeping his hands to himself for now. "You said 'dating'...We're not dating?" The fingers stopped their stroking and Sherlock wished he'd kept his mouth shut.
Sherlock frowned. "Why do you want to hear about that? Isn't dirty talk supposed to be...for...fantasies?"
"Hung like one." John muttered, unable to resist the puerile comment. "Behave, love. Please?" He squeezed Sherlock's hand as they paused outside the pub door.
This chapter depicts what Molly heard on the other side of the wall- namely listening to Sherlock and John have sex- and how she reacted to that.
"Hello?" Molly sounded happy, ecstatic, and Sherlock could visualize the huge smile lighting her face.
The doctor wanted to scream at his repressed climax, instead biting fiercely into the fabric of his shirt sleeve, head crushed against his right arm, thrusting vaguely and only distantly acknowledging the hot, fresh semen that spurted over his left hand, and with the faintest wet sounds, on the carpet under his desk.
"...Oh...fuck yes," he mumbled deliriously, slowly becoming aware, through the fog of his orgasm, of Sherlock twisting beneath him, gasping for air as though he were being suffocated, each exhale ending in an agonized, pitiful moan. John swallowed, and opened his eyes to grin at his debauched love.
She had the sudden instinct to grin, but the drained, hollow-eyed, and frankly deranged-looking man in front of her gave her true cause for concern. His dark curls corkscrewed wildly out from his head, sickly-dark spots of colour stood out on his formidable cheekbones.
"Thought as much." He went back to watching the TV screen for a few seconds, and then frowned. "…Hang on…have you been staring at that picture for the last ten minutes?"
"Can I put my finger in...inside you?" Sherlock asked, after a few minutes of silently watching John. He crouched naked on the bed, dark curls tumbling over his forehead, face streaked with drying come, eyes uncertain and hopeful at the same time. His right hand hovered over John’s thigh, waiting for permission. John had never seen him look so beautiful. He had to try twice before he was able to force the words out of his arousal-clogged throat.
"Where are you going?" John asked, not letting go of his grip of Sherlock's penis, causing the younger man to stiffen.
was I supposed to know that?" Sherlock asked peevishly, selecting a pineapple and sniffing at it gingerly, careful of the spikes. He frowned and cautiously tossed the fruit from hand to hand, weighing it, before holding it up to his head and giving it an experimental shake.
"Oh...Jesus, John..." Sherlock was audibly agitated, his deep voice breaking, and physically anxious. The fingertips that were grasping John's hips too hard, pulsed with a frantic heartbeat. "I've never...This..." he stuttered self-consciously.
Shaun moaned and nodded frantically, struggling to make words. "Want...want to come on your fist." He slurred.
The violent noise the detective emitted was unearthly, deafening and almost disturbingly uncharacteristic. John had to literally force his body weight onto Sherlock's hips to attempt to keep him still, though he had a hard job, as Sherlock jerked and jumped and thrusted wildly. John managed to glance up at Sherlock's face, and groaned raggedly around his cock at the sight of his partner so utterly, utterly wrecked - writhing, soaked, yelling indiscriminately and flushed a stunning, debauched pink.
," John whispered, shaking his head, and grabbed the taller man's cool, angular face, directing it forcefully against his own pursed mouth, sighing gratefully at the contact.
"I can't work out if that was a compliment or bragging," he chuckled, taking another pull of his drink. Things were starting to feel hazy, the sounds of the pub starting to dim. He cast a glance around to see that the patrons from before were gone, replaced by other, more withered looking people.
The dark-haired detective, clad in only his underwear, chuckled from his position straddling his doctor. He grinned his crinkly grin, bumped his hips playfully, and then continued chewing softly on John’s neck.
"What can I say. I'm a martyr for you," John shrugged as best he could whilst being delightfully weighted by a variety of masculine limbs. "Seriously, Sherlock...what are we doing here," he chuckled, nuzzling away one of the detective's errant curls that was tickling his forehead.
"How have you managed," he asked breathlessly, wincing in apparent discomfort and hissing in a sharp inhale through his teeth as John bumped his impressive, blood-flushed hard-on against his own.
. I remember now,” he said with a twisting and delighted smile, coiling one arm around John and pulling him close.
Sherlock treated him to a small, amused smirk. “I’m fairly sure. It may astound you to know that I do know what sex entails, and I’m pretty certain I haven’t had it. Not even accidentally.”
Shaun obeyed, panting with unrestrained thrill and anticipation. "John, will you...are you going to?" His fingers raked on the crumpled canvas sheet beneath him, knees already starting to ache from the pressure of kneeling, and salty drops of perspiration regularly liberating themselves from his hairline.
Sherlock glanced at John's laughing eyes, his amused grin, and gnawed at the inside of his bottom lip. "I know for a fact you have enough acting ability to
"Amazing, isn't he?" John murmured to Lestrade good-naturedly. "Ignore his attitude. He didn't get enough sleep," he grinned, and the naked lasciviousness on his face was impossible to misinterpret.
"Everyone thinks what?" Sherlock spat, wriggling awkwardly to sit up and getting closer to John's enraged face, his own anger and indignation at John's erroneous accusations rising.
He was momentarily side-tracked as Sherlock pulled his long palm from the headboard long enough to wipe it on the duvet, smoothing away the damp perspiration that was birthing there, and resumed bracing himself against the head of the bed. At this angle, John could see the sweet, tiny hint of his lower ribs with each excited inhale.
John nudged his own semi warningly against Sherlock's dark, tumescent shaft, grinning as it twitched and Sherlock emitted an undignified, barely-controlled squeak. John repositioned himself, pressing his arse provocatively against Sherlock's cock.
While John resumed his seat, Sherlock snagged the bottle of oil from the kitchen, returning to the sitting room and dithering, uncertain, in front of John before finally sinking to his knees. He cleared his throat, staring at the towel John still had over his groin.
"No...he's just...friendly-" Sherlock broke off when John's grip tightened on his prick, gasping. "Please, John, someone will hear us-"
Yet another forcible ejection. Is this what people did when asked for advice? Did agony aunts spend all day physically assaulting people?
"Good, Sherlock. What else?" John prompted, pulling away. He knew he'd have Sherlock coming with just a few bobs of his head and he wanted a full apology before he let that happen.
"Oh- F-!" John squeezed Sherlock's hand with surprising strength as he climaxed. Sherlock watched, fascinated, as John’s cock spurted come in much more watery stripes than before, but still in larger-than-normal quantities. He licked his lips.
"Stop!" Jason shouted, hands held in front of his face in a defensive gesture, a weak attempt at warding off John's imminent blows. "Stop, stop, stop! I- I didn't mean anything by it!"
John grinned fondly at the faint sheen of sweat on Sherlock's cheekbones and forehead, a result of sharing a bed with another, warm human body...possibly for the first time ever. John froze as Sherlock suddenly flinched and let out a tiny mewl, his closed eyelids flickering, and he held his breath until Sherlock had settled again.
With his other hand, the man was tugging down Sherlock's underwear, in quick, purposeful jerks. Sherlock kicked, trying to open his mouth beneath his palm so he could bite him, doing everything he could to get free.
Suddenly, a thick, warm, and very stiff cock was pressed against John's thigh with a damp, half-asleep prod of Sherlock's hips.
There was an immediate, faint noise of surprise, and a warm hand slowly pushed into his hair, in the most half-hearted attempt at discouragement imaginable.
"So...you mean to say...you...meant it?" Sherlock asked hesitantly, still frowning. John frowned back at him.
Shaun smirked, his eyes traveling up and down John's body, lingering on his half-hard prick. "Come on, Watson. I'll do you if you do me." He grinned, boyish and carefree and something weird turned over in John's chest.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered open, his cheeks flushed a very becoming pink from his orgasm, and John couldn't help grinning. "John." Sherlock heaved in a sumptuous, breathless voice, his pale chest expanding and deflating with a rapid rhythm. "That was the best sex I've ever had."
“Regrettable effect of the endorphin high. Rashly-spoken words, I apologise. Luckily the delirious rush subsides just as quickly. Though now I’m feeling rather despondent,” Sherlock said thoughtfully.
He huffed dramatically, three fingers drumming on the table. The next suggestion in his list consisted of greeting the doctor completely naked, on the couch, prepared and ready.
Behind Sherlock's open eyes, flashing in distracting, vibrant visualisations in his Mind Palace, the occupants (some uninvited, but residing as stubbornly as junkie squatters nonetheless), spoke up.
"I don't think you'll take it up. I reckon you'll get bored now that you've been found out. Or maybe you'll have the balls to do it while I'm awake," John needled fondly.
Sherlock barely heard John's angry command over the sound of rain hitting the ground and, deciding to pretend he hadn't heard it at all, Sherlock pulled his coat even tighter around himself and walked up the steps to the building's front door, ringing the bell and waiting. He heard the slam of the boot and John cursing. There was an awkward noise of luggage hitting the pavement and splashing in a puddle.
“Look…I can see why…it might look like that. But, you have to admit that you define everything you see through logic rather than…emotion. It might seem to you that the most efficient thing to do would have been to inform you the moment I realised I cared for you, but real life doesn’t work like that. I’ve been relegated for a long time to just being your best friend. Which is wonderful, if a bit trying at times,” John smirked. “…Just randomly telling you that I’d fallen for you,
"You're being obtuse again," John replied, eyes closed peacefully. "We are literally cuddling in bed. This is the most intimate I've ever known you to be. I just mean..." He went quiet suddenly, and spent a few fearful seconds listening to his own hammering heartbeat in the dark. "...You can kiss me if you like. But please don't do it if you don't mean it."
That did it. John hissed a disturbingly-restricted, tear-soaked breath, and buried his face in the soft, warm skin of Sherlock's throat, making a gargantuan effort to hold his breath in an attempt to stem his grief. Sherlock wrapped his arms around him, mindful of John’s injury, and pretended he didn’t notice the wetness creeping down his neck where John’s face was pressed against him. The detective winced as the stoic grip on his hand began to quite painfully grind his finger bones together.
And it was fine, he thought, nodding and forcing a smile as Shaun slipped past him, giving John a parting smile. It was really fine. They were just fucking. They'd always been fucking. Just a way to get off. Nice and uncomplicated.
John rolled his eyes, too engorged with endorphins and, it had to be said, smugness at the thorough seeing-to he had given Sherlock, too sated to be overly irritated at the detective's abrupt manner.
"I can't tell him," Sherlock uttered frankly and simply, standing. "I would really appreciate it if you kept lying for me," he said, completely straight-faced, and in total seriousness. "Put it on the rent, I don't care. I'll pay you."
John picked up the phone and fought a grin at the screen. There was a message notification from Lestrade, but the background image was now one of Sherlock, naked in his armchair, head thrown back so just the tip of his nose, a plump bottom lip, and a firm Adam's apple were visible. His hands cupped his dignity teasingly.
John sighed and shrugged into his coat. "Well I'm still going, I don't particularly want to stay here and be accused of cheating again."
"Christ...Shaun...you were spectacular," he heaved, hugging the younger man to himself and trying to stay inside him as long as he physically could.
His doctor was deeply flushed, his turbulent blue eyes fixated on his detective with a dark look. It suggested that Sherlock’s shocking comment had cemented the fact that the brunette would pay dearly later.
. I didn't think it would be...so..." John laughed breathlessly, running a hand through Sherlock's wild curls and scrunching them gently in his fist.
Sherlock's shock and undeniable arousal was frustratingly drowned out by panic. He glanced frantically at the light switch and was relieved beyond words to see it was a dimmer switch. With a grateful sigh that was almost a physical deflation, he twisted it to its lowest setting...which was still brighter than he would have liked. John opened his eyes, frowning.
"Mmm...whatcha doin', Sh'lock?" John slurred, not opening his eyes, and Sherlock tensed, removing his arm quickly.
"I trust you're not so much of an idiot that you don't realise exactly what state I'm in right now?" He groaned uncomfortably and adjusted the decadent shopping bag over his extremely-happy, and very impatient erection.
…” he started, groping at John’s naked spine, waist and then his hip, “Mrs Hudson, once she’s back from her annoying celebratory get-together with Mrs Turner, will notice and…
The doctor rubbed a hand across his eyes, squeezing away the pounding hints of a headache, and sighing.
Sherlock had once been hit by a man on a motorbike. The driver hadn't been looking where he was going and Sherlock, dashing after a criminal, hadn't paused to look before he crossed the street. When the motorbike had slammed into him, sending him flying, landing on the pavement a few yards away, all the breath had been knocked from his body.
John sighed and sat up in bed, smearing the back of his hand across one sore eye, and then the inside of his wrist across the other, drying them cursorily. He hated that he still suffered. It wasn’t daily, there was no routine to it, no schedule, he either suffered through the harrowing nightmares or he didn’t. At first he thought adventure and adrenaline helped to prevent them, but there had been times, many times, where a case had actually given him stronger nightmares.
"And you know..." John continued, removing the rubber plug from Sherlock's mouth and carelessly throwing it to the side, hearing it bounce somewhere on the linoleum, letting Sherlock get the breath he needed. "I still would have forgiven you, still would have overlooked the whole-"
"See you downstairs, gorgeous." He winked at Sherlock, forcing a smile, before turning and leaving the room.
One of Sherlock's hands hooked under John's backside, easing him up in little thrusts, acclimatising himself to the sensation. He leaned back on his other hand, stretching his body and causing his cock to be presented to John like an irresistible trophy.
"Let me?" Sherlock asked, whining when John shook his head. He slapped the bottle of lube into John's hand with anger and John chuckled at him, slicking his fingers liberally before sliding them beneath the covers again. Sherlock watched him hungrily.
Sherlock nodded, walking over to John on wobbly legs and kneeling in front of him, sighing in pleasure when John's hands immediately leapt up to run through his hair. Sherlock was starting to think John had developed a hair fetish.
. He forced down his desperation, pulling in a few deep breaths before spitting out what he needed to say as if his life depended on it. "You...I...wouldn't be here...without you...you've...saved me...I need you...please stay with me..."
Sherlock nodded and, squaring his shoulders, marched toward the door, expecting John to naturally move out of the way. He didn't. Sherlock rather awkwardly brushed against John’s front, and he huffed, irritated, feeling his own cheeks burn as he caught Lestrade's dark eyes on him.
Who the hell tried on underwear anyway? John's own usually came in packs of five or six and one didn't
His stomach twisted at the idea of John ignoring him. His eyes cool and distant. Being polite but no more. No warmth. No small "good morning" peck on the lips. No little brushes as he passed by Sherlock. Sherlock would be able to read what it was- the beginnings of the end- but John would torture him, would wait until they were back to Baker Street to tell Sherlock. He wouldn't want to break up with Sherlock at Molly's flat.
"Sherlock, it would take a million words...and the smallest grin to show you what I feel, if only you would see it. I...It's difficult to describe."
"What?" John dragged his eyes away from where he'd been staring vaguely at Sherlock's bare chest and frowned at him. "What'd you say?"
Sherlock chanted to himself, trying to will his orgasm away...but his arse rhythmically clenched around John's finger, reminding him of how full he felt, the burning pleasure sharp and intense-
He felt the eyes of one of the trainee female doctors on him as he passed the nurses' station, and John felt his skin tingling with an unwanted, unpleasant blush. Usually, he would've attribute her stare to admiring him, thinking he was handsome by the way he held himself or the way he walked. Shallow and full of himself, John knew, but there it was.
John grinned, hooking his thumbs in the waistband of Sherlock's pants and sliding them off. Sherlock's erection sprang free, bobbing in front of John's face, and he licked his lips without conscious thought.
"Oh, god." Greg laughed, nursing his pint glass, and flicked his chocolate-brown eyes towards the widescreen TV before returning them to John. "Fucking funny thing I overheard..." He cleared his throat, chuckling slightly before sobering somewhat. " 'I remember after Christmas Mass we'd always go snowballing with the priest and that's why Father McGuire was eventually arrested.' ...So bad." He grinned, taking another sip of his Carlsberg.
He'd experienced an unforeseen discomfort, though, as he offered his credit card to Chaucer, realizing the sales assistant had heard his and John's entire exchange from the cocky, knowing smile on his face.
John added a bit of sugar to his coffee and turned around, with a sinking stomach, to face the stares. Patricia was the first person his eyes landed on and she gave John a bright, horribly fake smile, her eyes sparkling with excitement at the prospect of salacious gossip.
John breathed, spine arching at the first prod of Sherlock's finger against his hole. Sherlock froze, his fingertip barely pushing at John's opening, before pulling away with worry.
"I was thinking...some..." Sherlock bit his plump bottom lip before continuing in an impossibly deeper, quieter voice, his stunning cheekbones colouring a beautiful pink as one large hand alighted on Molly's shoulder. "Some...lubricant. I don't have much experience and...I want to make sure it all...goes smoothly. As it were." he added, with a charming, self-conscious chuckle.
Sherlock took his seat at the table, leaving the rest of the preparations to Molly and John, feeling as if he were in a dream state. He flinched as Molly's fat black-and-white cat rubbed itself past him on its way to John, where it purred and head-butted the doctor's leg insistently.
“Still think I’m too quick?” Sherlock gasped, grinning fiendishly, and giving a short, sharp buck into his doctor.
"Hurry." Sherlock tossed his head back, extending the line of his throat, knowing how he looked- John cursed, shoving a slickened finger into Sherlock's arse wholly without grace.
"Mm," came the high-pitched response, followed by a few rough huffs, as if Sherlock had been holding his breath. "Please."
John let his eyes slide closed and focused on the pleasure, sliding thick as syrup through his veins as Sherlock's hand slid along his cock, working in tandem with his mouth. He sighed, hips circling up into the caress over and over. Sherlock pulled back and murmured so quietly that John barely heard him.
"Yes we can." John whispered back, thumb rubbing teasingly over the glans of Sherlock's prick, spreading the collecting pre-come there over the head. He lifted his hand from Sherlock's crotch and twirled strings of translucent pre-come from his fingers like a slick, disgusting cat's-cradle The detective gritted his imperfect teeth in embarrassment. Holding Sherlock's eyes with his own, John stuck his fingers in his mouth, licking off the traces of pre-come showily.
"...How about...how about you show me what you like? For now?" John trembled with a cold anxiety the moment he finished the question, fearing he had asked too much.
Sherlock vocalised a voracious, barely-restrained growl of pleasure, before sobbing quietly and pushing his prick insistently, possessively, into John's throat.
Sherlock swallowed hard. "I'm...I could suck your cock..." He offered, not sure how to make the situation better.
"Sherlock, don't be a dick. When have I ever given you that impression? I adore you- you of all people must realise that. Everybody else seems to realise it, and that was, let's see...barely 24 hours after we first met. So stop being ridiculous and realize that this-" John gestured agitatedly between them. "-isn't like anything else. I'm committed to you- for as long as you'll have me- and this is honestly the most important thing to me." He sighed, getting off the bed and flopping down onto the lilo, throwing his arm over his face and honestly, just ready to go to sleep.
John, moving quickly, promptly thrust the thick toy into Sherlock in one go, gasping in pleasure at the detective's resultant shameless shudder and deep yelp of relief. John placed his right hand heavily on Sherlock's lean, pale hip, before fumbling with the vibrator's button for half a second. He turned it up, flicking through to the top speed.
Molly's night had only got worse when John liberated the lilo from her bedroom, dragging it to the bedroom next door. It'd been obvious she'd expected Sherlock to sleep in her room. That, coupled with the knowledge that John and Sherlock were a couple and John was actively "in the process of taking Sherlock's virginity," made Molly feel as if she'd never be able to look John in the face again.
Sherlock bit his lip, frowning worriedly, wondering what to do. He didn’t know how to make the suddenly horrible situation between himself and John better. He was never good with these sorts of things.
...Sherl-mf," John tried, as the detective feasted hungrily upon his mouth, his large hands kneading and pressing and scraping everywhere he could.
“I never understand why people ask questions such as that. Any answer to them would be extremely subjective,” Sherlock rumbled as a reply, tone still extremely playful. He pulled back and adjusted his position behind John, talking against the back of John’s neck when he continued. “I’ve not shared the bed with many people, John.”
"I would like to make you reach orgasm." Sherlock suddenly declared, reaching for John's cock again. He stroked him quickly, speeding up the motions of his hand while at the same time squeezing, giving John the friction he'd been craving.
That was how John found himself with his pants around his thighs and Shaun on his knees eagerly sucking him off.
Finally, he could take no more and, clenching his eyes closed, Sherlock peeled his trousers off his hips, letting them drop to the floor. He froze with his hands hovering over the waistband of his pants, unable to go further. John's tongue traced the ridge of Sherlock's cock through the fabric, lapping at it, a convulsive shudder wracking Sherlock's entire body. It was like an electric current, tingly and pleasurable, coursing through his body.
John shivered violently, tightly closing his eyes, mouth open, chest heaving, riding out the final waves of his orgasm. Shuddering through a few thick exhales, he licked his lips, groaning in utter satiation.
Logically, he was aware he couldn't stay in his current position forever - weighing down a cut-price lilo with a very slow leak, and smothered by a Tesco's sheet which was stiff and coarse and causing him to over-heat.
"Enjoy that?" John asked, realizing it should be the other way around but...from the look of immense satisfaction of Sherlock's face, it was obvious who had enjoyed it more of the two. Sherlock languorously swallowed the last, hot remnants of John's release, pulling back from his spent shaft with a small, wet 'pop.' He grinned, his flushed face wrinkling beautifully and John stared down at Sherlock, feeling rather uncomfortable for a man who'd just got done receiving one of the best blow-jobs of his adult life.
"O - oh..." John swallowed thickly as the door was pulled back, revealing a ridiculously wet, flushed, sweaty detective. The shopping bags hit the floor, forgotten, John's indigo eyes moving up and down the body he'd had in his bed for a month now. Sherlock was hiding his groin, and before he could stop himself, John reached out and pulled the man's hand away. A small, needy little groan left his throat as he saw Sherlock's cock, positively dripping, a stark red against his pale stomach.
"Um. Yeah. It's...good." John managed to get out, his throat feeling clogged. His cock flexed where Sherlock held it.
His nose wrinkled at the strong smell of bacon and eggs, the thought of ingesting so many calories so early in the day making him feel frankly nauseous.
John didn't say a word, giving Sherlock's knee a gentle squeeze, before carefully sliding one slickened finger into his arse.
With an ebb of endorphins and a barely-contained yawn, he crawled back into bed beside John, sighing luxuriously. He snuggled tentatively against his lover, who had re-dressed himself in a pair of his new silken underwear.
Thanks for all the lovely support and comments! We greatly appreciate them and hope you enjoy the rest of the story!
John grabbed him before he could spin away and, apparently, kick John from his room. "I'm not going to laugh." He said, eyes dropping once more to the evidence in front of him. "I think...Yeah, that's one of the hottest things I've ever seen."
too much space in there was currently cluttered with dildos, deep-throating, and dating etiquette. Someone had graffiti-d a large, neon-green phallus onto the door of his anatomy lab, for goodness sake.
Sherlock let out an inhuman, grating howl as he felt himself nearing the precipice of orgasm, violently shaking, twitching, and sweating in a feverish madness. "J...John...gonna come!"
It was infuriating. One moment, Sherlock was sure that John was ready, and the doctor would hint it (moan it, sometimes) and yet when Sherlock asked it of him, John would pull away. Depending on how Sherlock asked for it, the doctor would either get up and leave (Sherlock was
"It's all been very quick, for me. Very full-on. He says a lot of things that I don't know if he really means. You know? It sounds terrible but...like a kid repeating something he heard on TV."
"It's alright for you," John said in a slightly broken voice. He cleared it audibly, still shivering a little from his orgasm. "You get to stay in bed all day if you want."
“Me too,” Sherlock told him and squeezed John’s hand tight. “You don’t have to try and justify yourself, justify this, you know. It’s fine. It’s all…fine.” His free hand was suddenly skimming across John’s face, drifting up into his hair to caress in soothing circles.
Stiffening in reaction, Sherlock wheezed and then squirmed enthusiastically, screwing his eyes shut with a grunt and a hitching gasp. By the way the veins in his throat bulged, it was obvious he was holding back on noises, either unwilling or too embarrassed to fully let them out, and so John deftly twisted his wrist, changing the pattern but keeping the rhythm. Sherlock flailed seconds later, clawing down John’s hip as he let out a distorted, and broken, hoarse cry of pleasure, his brow furrowing with his sudden grimace of delight, and he uttered something through his teeth, something that had a foreign inflection.
John obligingly straddled Sherlock's head, positioning himself in the classic "69" position. He and Sherlock had done this position a few times and it'd always gone well, but that still didn't make it a bit awkward at first. He hissed when he felt Sherlock swallow his flaccid cock into his mouth. He was still sensitive from earlier, from coming twice in one day. Sherlock swirled his tongue around John's cock and John couldn't stop the convulsive, shivery twitch of his hips in reaction.
“…’Use as much of me as you can?’” The suggestiveness slipped like syrup from John’s thin lips, the emanating implications so strong that Sherlock could practically taste the sex-scented sweetness in the back of his own throat.
Before Sherlock could even take a breath to do so much as whisper the panic word, a firm, heavy hand smothered his mouth, even as he started to forcefully buck against the weight atop of him.
"You're extraordinary," Sherlock murmured in an ashen, honest growl, kissing sightlessly, and sloppily, at John's neck.
Sherlock usually experienced post-coital John in much more domestic, relaxed settings, certainly not in the back of a grubby black cab with an out-of-date tax disc and faulty heating. The rapidly darkening evening was just nudging over the line of 'comfortably cool', and becoming distinctly, pervasively chilly. John seemed unflappably happy beside him, holding his hand and squeezing it (fondly? Possessively? Both? Sherlock wasn't sure).
." Sherlock uttered out of the blue, his deep voice strained with dread and John hissed in pain as Sherlock's fingernails, unexpectedly sharp, dug viciously into his sides. Sherlock tensed beneath him, his breath ceasing for a few stunned, worrying seconds, before a grating, wet wail eased itself past gritted teeth. A familiar, hot musk scented the humid air of the flat as Sherlock bucked hard a few times against John, sobbing in what sounded like frustration…as well as a brutal climax.
Sherlock huffed and shoved his phone back in his pocket, making a grumpy beeline for the pub without looking up. He blinked away a sudden flurry of tiny snowflakes, shaking his curls. He was already beginning to doubt the wisdom in seeking help from the inebriated policeman. Then again, perhaps his loosened tongue would be just what he was after.
He listened to John pause in the front room and irritably turn the TV off. Sometimes Sherlock liked to have it on in the background, just for the white noise in the flat. When John had noticed the habit, he had said something confusing about lonely puppies, and moaned about the electricity bill, but hadn’t told him to stop doing it.
"I did say the evidence was fabricated to make it appear-" Sherlock broke off, lunging toward one of the tanks, and kneeling to inspect a scuff at the bottom of one of the legs. Lestrade swore. He glanced around, shuddering at the occupants in the tank closest.
They readjusted themselves on top of the duvet, crawling back onto the bed, getting comfortable, keeping the kiss unbroken. Sherlock sighed tremulously, shivering as his last physiological quirk of resistance fell, allowing him to surrender his body to John, slump against the mattress, close his eyes, and weakly flick his tongue against John's.
Sherlock's eyes darkened at the presence of his doctor standing beside him in only a thin towel, the scent of cheap hotel shampoo and the heat of damp flesh drawing him irresistibly.
John gave him a searching, unsettling look, and promptly took his pulse by grabbing his thin wrist and refusing to let go when Sherlock squirmed. He stood slightly on his toes to look into Sherlock’s aqua eyes, and placed the back of his other hand against the detective’s forehead to take a rough temperature. It seemed from his admittedly-cursory examination that the only obvious substance Sherlock was on was his own peculiar brand of loopiness.
"Claim you? I like the sound of that." John giggled, drunk on the high of the moment, of knowing he was about to come, of just being happy joking with Sherlock after so much angst. "Gladly."
"Oh, really?" Shaun tugged John closer and patted him awkwardly on the back. "Interesting. But um...I'm really...not in the mood right now."
." He rolled his hips, fucking the toy into himself, pleasure rising so intensely that his skin prickled, his hairs standing at attention almost as much as his rock hard prick was. "H-harder, John. Please...
It'd been his fault, Sherlock knew as he sprawled out on the sofa. He'd come home from Bart's that morning to find evidence- lurid, disgusting evidence- of John having shagged his current girlfriend on their sitting room floor.
In A Scandal in Belgravia, when the guy turns up and passes out in their living room, after Mrs Hudson finds thumbs in the fridge…is it not fairly obvious that she yells upstairs (i.e. to John’s room) “Boys, you’ve got another one!”
John chuckled. "Probably not the best idea. A nurse is sure to come in any second and make sure I haven't killed you." As if on cue, the door opened and a nurse hurried inside, twitching aside the bedside plastic curtain and stopping and staring at the sight of the two men on the bed.
"I have a few that just about warrant my attention. One based in a pet shop, in fact. Might be fun. You like cute furry things, right?"
Shaun huffed with laughter, biting his kissed-scarred bottom lip, and let his head hang down, his lengthening dark hair dusting over his damp forehead. "You're not going to listen to a thing that I want, are you?"
you're here, and fine, and...everything. But sometimes, I just...God, I don't know," he muttered frustratingly.
Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes- a selfie, honestly, what were they, teenage girls?- but obligingly rose up and caught John's lips in a fervent kiss, distantly aware of the tinny clicking noise which signaled John was taking a picture. John pulled back his phone and broke the kiss, a little abruptly Sherlock thought, slightly irked at the treatment, and he winced as John pushed the screen into his line of sight, his sleepy, pale eyes watering at the bright intrusion.
Well- this is it! This is the last chapter of Frustration. There will be a sequel to this story at a later date :)
“And that’s like me, now,” Sherlock carried on, glibly ignoring his doctor. “I’m the same, and so is everything else, but you’ve given it more energy, and now everything looks and feels and sounds better.”
," he murmured, nodding at his injured shoulder demonstratively. He added, in a barely-audible mumble, "Twice now isn't coincidence. It's a sign."
"Fuck...give me a minute love...and then we'll go to the crime scene." John huffed tiredly against his shoulderblades. Sherlock heard his phone ping, and craned his neck to see where it was.
Sherlock paused, stopping and taking his phone out, looking at it intently as if checking an important new message, whilst he surreptitiously listened to John's response.
“No you won’t,” Sherlock said in a somewhat arrogant tone, sliding closer with a huff of soft amusement. “You’re a cuddler, John Watson.”
"Since this will hopefully be the last time this sort of thing happens, I'm going to milk it...do we have any of those jaffa cakes left?" Sherlock offered his most ingratiating, hopeful grin.
Sherlock thrust a pointed finger at an eccentric-looking, scholarly man sipping foamy beer and reading a thick novel some distance away. "I stole his hat and slipped into that booth once I heard your...conversation." He fiddled with the flat cap distractedly, glaring at Greg.
"Otherwise why would I stay interested in you?" He asked gently. Sherlock jerked the duvet out of John’s grip and smothered himself in it again, despite the sweltering, sticky London heat. After he had swamped himself totally in the duvet, he wriggled one hand out into John's line of sight, to flounce an 'I'm done with you now’ gesture.
John didn't know if he or Sherlock was more surprised by his failure to reprimand him for the undeniable intimacy that Sherlock had created, and was sustaining rather gleefully.
The murmuring, sinfully-deep baritone affected John more than he cared to acknowledge, and he clenched his fists under the grubby table. Students, and businesspeople, and tourists and children strolled by in hasty droves as he considered his response. "Is that what you want?" He asked quietly, his hands itching to settle possessively between Sherlock's slim, strong legs.
"Good morning, Sherlock." John murmured, voice low and happy. Sherlock could feel his own face burning, and his mind was infiltrated immediately with factoids about arousal, capillary action, and blood flow. Forcibly pushing these thoughts aside, he swallowed hard and his long, pale fingers alighted in John's ash-brown hair for the briefest touch, before he pulled back abruptly. Sherlock's heart was hammering and his mouth was uncomfortably dry. John smelled wonderful- a combination of clean soap, tea, and the spicy scent of the lotion he used to shave with.
At that moment, the loo door opened and Sherlock immediately perked up, like a dog seeing its owner arrive home after a long day. John, though, didn't even glance at him, limping out of the loo with a dark scowl, towel swathed around his middle. Sherlock’s heart sank and his shoulders slumped in disappointment.
"Sherlock, I just...well, it's too bloody late now. All done and dusted, apparently? Is it too much to ask that you relinquish your fucking, stubborn attitude for one day? If you want a fight, we'll do it properly, when I get home," John hissed.
Sherlock didn't come down John's throat- pity- but he came in John's wet, tight mouth. Spurt after spurt of pent-up need emptied from his body as Sherlock quaked through the rest of his climax, face contorted as he suffered through the final, electrifying pulses of his orgasm, shivering, his grey-green eyes unfocussed and dizzy.
"Oh. Right. Loo's just down the hall- well, you probably already know that." Molly replied, the pink on her cheeks deepening until it looked as though she'd been slapped. Sherlock gave her another grin and John huffed.
John hissed out a desperate groan, his voice catching in his strained throat. "...Like I'm inside you." He was clearly struggling to restrain himself as the muscles of his arms, legs, and stomach twitched tellingly. "I really want to be."
John paused on the threshold, eyes assessing, before smiling, obviously not noticing anything was amiss. Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief. Sometimes John could be amazingly acute and observant...other times he was nicely dense.
John chuckled, blushing a bit, and shook his head before he began to head towards the stairs. “Right, I’m officially leaving that conversation there. You …” He paused, looking properly at Sherlock for the first time, his face settling into a frown that was far too familiar. “What have you been doing?”
Sherlock snuggled against him with palpable relief, mindful of John's stab wound as he adjusted himself around John's body.
“It’s not helping living with a fucking Adonis either, but people will talk, what can you do,” John shrugged, affecting a look of nonchalance and irritation, believable but for the slight staining on his cheeks.
Sherlock was quiet, his expression deeply pensive, prompting the appearance of the proddable little dent between his brows. “That’s when it became crystal clear to me, yes. It’s been brewing for a long while though, I suspect. Like an abscess.”
Sherlock chewed the inside of his mouth with a blatantly disdainful expression on his face and tweaked John's thigh warningly when Mrs. Watson seemed ready to embark on an excruciatingly boring monologue about the goats she used to have when she lived in Devon. John shot Sherlock a look, clearly telling him to behave, and as soon as Sherlock heard the words "Of course, they were all nice goats, but Blythe was my favourite" he opened his mouth.
"John..." Sherlock's throat clicked as words failed him and John recognized the signs Sherlock was about to come. He stepped back, taking away his hand and smearing the remnants of Sherlock's (deliciously copious) pre-come on the velvet seat in the corner of the changing room. Grinning maliciously, he glanced back at Sherlock, whose arms were extended feebly but needily in his direction, like something from a bad zombie film.
"It feels a bit...wrong," John muttered, regretting his admonition to Sherlock two days previously. He was the one who had insisted on accepting the invitation to Lord Ingram's party.
"I'm glad I'm such a good fuck." Sherlock quipped, the word foreign in his mouth but loving the way John's eyes lit up at his use of it.
The detective laughed, his face beginning to exhibit a gorgeous, telling blush. Swallowing self-consciously, he settled back a little bit, reaching behind him to take hold of John's prick. He nudged it pointedly against his own backside, raising a querying eyebrow.
me with this." John teased before Sherlock surged forward, seizing John's lips in a vicious kiss, his long, spidery hands scooting greedily over John's hips and waist, squeezing warningly.
His next words were squeezed from him along with his breath as the taller man's considerable weight pressed heavily upon him, thrusting without rhythm and grunting vaguely. Sherlock moaned and then fumbled and pulled his mouth away with a gasp as they toppled over onto the floor together, landing in a heap beside the bed, colliding with the bedside table, which rocked unsteadily for a few seconds. In the dark, breathing raggedly, Sherlock shifted awkwardly, fidgeting and twisting, and it was only when he pressed back down to John, that he realised the man had just taken off his top. After taking a few more excited breaths, Sherlock huffed out a small, burst of laughter and nuzzled John’s naked shoulder as he tried to untangle them from the sheets in the space between the bed and the bedside that they’d fallen within.
"Sure," John murmured distantly, turning to gaze out the window at the passers-by on the chilly street, highlighted with neon signs and blinding streetlights, at the same time they were shadowed with grime and iniquity. Sherlock had no doubt that the plebians traversing the pavement would know who 'Bodie' was. Frowning, he went back to his mental files, but couldn't focus, and found himself reading the same page over and over, not remembering a word of it.
His tongue sneaked out between his lips as his weaker right hand toyed with himself leisurely. He rarely used his right hand to pleasure himself...and when he did, it was to finish himself off when he was at the absolute brink of climax.
"I won't be gentle," John said bluntly, pulling out, before making a show of slicking his entire fist with lubricant, down to the carpal bones of his wrist.
John gave him a stark, cold glare, before swallowing visibly and heaving in a few fortifying breaths. "Do you have any idea what my fucking break was like? After your little…revelation?"
? Is this something Mycroft's put you up to?" Sherlock asked, brow wrinkling suspiciously, his mouth set in a firm line.
The text message wasn't from Mrs. Hudson, though. Sherlock's stomach dropped all the way to his toes when he saw John's message.
John folded him in his arms, pulling him closer and feeling Sherlock's frantically-beating heart against his chest. "I'm sorry. I 'm sorry you were in that position."
Shaun leered. "I know all about what John wants. Rough and fast and hard. We did it enough - loads of times. Not easy to forget getting fucked like that."
John shook his head." Mum. She gets...weird ideas. Thinks the city's the place you come to get mugged, murdered, and raped. It's...well. That's just how she is. Irrational. Was even worse when me and Harry were kids. More annoying now because we're old enough to take care of ourselves. Or well...I am. Can't say the same about Harry."
!" He choked and Sherlock loosened his grip, running his hand up and down the dry length of John's cock in a quick pace.
. It's night," John yelled, barely able to restrain a chuckle. "Alright. You stay in there and wank. I'm gonna celebrate."
"S-Stay on the phone...I need to come, John," the detective stuttered frantically. "Where are they? Your phone isn't..." There was a faint, muffled groan, "...isn't enough."
"Why don't you tell me about your orgasm last night," he suggested, his voice enviably calm, his eyes intense.
Sherlock was truly bewildered. "Um..." He licked his lips self-consciously and briefly entertained the notion of popping next door and asking Molly '
"You really believe I'm some...fucking nymphomaniac?! That I'm going to disappear because you're not one hundred percent perfect at sex?" He demanded, glaring at the prone, stubborn figure beside him. Breathing heavily, he murmured. "Christ, you really are a stupid twat."
The doctor cleared his throat indulgently, still entertaining a delightfully smug grin. "She wants to meet up. Feels bad for me after what you did today," John chuckled again. "She might want to try again. This text is rather…flirty. She wouldn't be the first of them I've fucked, you know."
"I'm not an idiot either, you know," John said quietly, pressing knowledgeable fingers and thumb into Sherlock's scapulae. He gave his boyfriend a lingering peck on the nose. "Just say it. Whatever it is you're wanting to say."
"Yeah, I guess. Although you do seem quite into my boyfriend's dick. Nothing you wanted to admit to me, was there?" John gave Greg a wicked grin before letting out a little burst of laughter.
"M'close." He murmured, shivering at the wash of pleasure Sherlock was evoking. "M'close...Sherlock..."
The clink of a plate being set in front of him let Sherlock know John was nearby and suddenly, warm lips pressed against his cheek and a hot, swooping sensation fluttered in his chest.
John jogged upstairs, grinning to himself at the novelty of running around the flat completely naked, and soon returned to his detective, promptly hauling himself onto the bed in one smooth movement, landing mouth-to-mouth on Sherlock, pump-bottle in hand.
Sherlock ignored him. He heard John sigh, and then hesitate. He thought John would walk away, decide Sherlock was being too difficult and put the whole thing from his mind. He was rather counting on it- John opened the door, his face weary and patient.
Sherlock went back to rummaging as John, putting aside his laptop, picked up the bits of fabric, inspecting them critically.
"Do what?" John asked again, pulling at Sherlock's hair and bringing him down for a brief kiss, the caress fanning the already roaring flames of Sherlock's arousal even higher. "What do you think I'm going to do, Sherlock?"
"And yet here you are," John replied softly, allowing himself to finally give in and get comfortable. He wriggled his hips back slightly, before freezing. "...You're not naked are you?"
"Bad man." He whispered teasingly, before lunging back down to kiss Sherlock some more, delighting in the sheer filthiness of it. John felt the brunette's hips bucking and twitching beneath him, and decided that Sherlock shouldn't endure another clothed orgasm. Licking his thin lips, grinning at the taste of his own release, John beamed down at his dizzy-looking lover. "What can I do for you?"
John’s imminent migraine seemed to suddenly pulse more softly, as if quietening enough to allow him to fully absorb the blasé pronouncements that were surely pending. He became aware of the readied pressure of his fingertips on the smooth edge of his laptop, unconsciously ready to click it shut. He spoke evenly.
He could feel John shaking against him and his own legs felt weak and unstable. They needed to get to a horizontal surface before they both collapsed but for now, Sherlock clung to John, the smaller man clutching him just as fervently, and dizzily realized this was just the beginning.
"...Do your parents know?" He asked instead, following after John into the sitting room, giving him a cheeky grin.. "Do they have any idea the sort of trouble we get into?"
He kept his eyes closed as John rinsed his hair, then started gently scrubbing his body, ridding it of the scent of the man's cologne and the residual glitter of his street walker attire.
“Clearly,” Sherlock drawled with a puff of amusement and shuffled to the edge of the bed, slipping off to stand up in front of him. “Pen too. It’s new. Didn’t you notice?”
Trying to deduce whether or not John was mad from the timbre of his voice, Sherlock rolled off the lilo, pulling on his clothes from the previous night with slow, methodical movements. He didn't look forward to facing either John or Molly in the kitchen. But mostly John.
The muggy afternoon was spent by the detective in his bedroom, in a grumpy, indulgent hate-wank session. He felt annoyingly horny, and vaguely miserable, and it was a thoroughly unpleasant mood to be in. The attempt to delete The Kiss, the source of his current contemplations, had so far failed. He lay in only a T-shirt on top of his bed, the window open and rogue afternoon breezes birthing pinpricks of cold on his already visibly-aroused white skin.
At the reminder, John froze, his eyes going shuttered and he pulled away from Sherlock. "I'd forgotten about that." He sighed resignedly, sitting back on the bed and staring unhappily at the laptop. "All right. Show it to me, Sherlock."
“……Not…as such, no.” Another protracted, depressed sigh. “Ironic, is it not? John may well be a frog for all his effect on me.”
John sank down onto the bed and gently, as tenderly as he could, spread the soothing, cool cream over Sherlock's wounds. Sherlock moaned gratefully, relaxing against the bed.
"What do I need to deduce that isn't obvious?" Sherlock snapped, face flushing. "She's obviously sexually available, for the right price. You wouldn't be able to afford her, John, though she would be passingly impressed by your army bearing. But nothing would come of it...because...you're...mine." He growled, pulling John after him.
“Stop being annoying,” Sherlock said in reply with a sullen tone, storming over to try and both snatch the cracker from John’s hand and flick off the paper crown.
"Establishing perimeters and escape routes in case of murderous intruders." Sherlock replied with a straight face. "Why, what did you think I was doing?" He asked softly, with a devastating, smile, his imperfect teeth flashing perfectly in a shameless act of endearment. Molly blushed and shot a furtive glance at John.
John frowned and whipped his head behind him and then back, utterly confused and very worried. "What? No, I mean yes we're alone. What's going on?"
Sherlock's phone pinged beside him on the bed and he whined, groping in the unmade sheets for the device.  He fumbled at it, concentration slipping as John took his cock almost down his throat- but eventually managed to swipe the screen and read the message. Lestrade, about the case. Sherlock's vision sharpened as he scanned the new evidence and his cock, still in John's mouth, began to lag.
"You left the curtains open." he murmured, openly looking his fill of Sherlock's naked body in late-afternoon, hazy amber sunlight.
"I'm getting up. It's nearly eleven, Sherl, and I've got to pop to the shops, okay? Pick up a Jobs paper while I'm at it," he added without vindictiveness, grinning.
John pulled down his rucked T-shirt and stood, yawning. Wondering if Sherlock was actually expecting him, he slowly made his way downstairs, hand on the wall to guide him in the dark. He was still giddy and wonky from exhaustion and so every three steps he took a moment to pause, to breathe.
"Of course." Sherlock lied, swinging his legs from the bed and pulling on his dressing gown. He tiptoed around the room, watching as John grew more and more boneless against the bed until he was...finally...asleep. Sherlock felt a pang for what he was about to do- but then a surge of anger. He shouldn't feel bad for doing his job. It wasn't any different from John going to work each morning and leaving
"You're a bloody narcissist," the doctor told Sherlock firmly, grinning openly. He tilted the brunette's pale angular chin towards his face for a kiss, before using his hands to pull Sherlock's body inelegantly upwards.
Sherlock was thankfully stirring, rubbing his sleepy eyes and grinning the sort of ingratiating, irresistible grin that should be illegal. He ruffled his own wildly-rumpled dark curls, beaming with the dizzy focus and silly glee of someone who was lucky enough to have the best hangover imaginable.
Put like that, Sherlock thought, it might have seemed that way to the average human being. He spoke again, voice lowered with a mixture of both caution and curiosity as he fixated his gaze on the ruddy blushes of his soldier.
"Yes." Sherlock beamed at her. "So...do you have any? I assumed you might own some...forgive me if I'm wrong." He grinned sweetly, fondness and anticipation obvious in his eyes.
"For the rest of our lives." John agreed happily, more amused than put-off by Sherlock's description. "Together."
Thirty seconds later, Sherlock was unconsciously grinding his hips, his long fingers shakily grasping John's face, and ejecting short, sharp grunts of need.
"I'd like to...put my fingers inside you." Sherlock licked his lips self-consciously, eyes averted briefly. He suddenly added. "I've done some research. About the prostate. I can stimulate it for you." He smiled hopefully.
John finished unpicking his buttons and, allowing his shirt to gape open, his lips gave an unsettling, humourless twitch. "I didn't have to be here to know what was going on. Apparently you've been wanking like there was no tomorrow and rogering yourself silly with a toy. You never told me you bought a toy, Sherlock. You kept it hidden away and only used it when I was gone- and had the fucking nerve to make me feel guilty for having a simple wank in the shower this morning. You fucking outed me today at work." John took a deep breath, his heart thudding in increasing rage. "Do you really expect leniency?"
“I’m waiting for my massage,” the doctor said calmly, and the detective frantically looked around the room before remembering that he had left the pricey oil in the living room. John heard him scramble with the door lock, and heavy feet pound distantly away before returning with even more fervour. The door slammed, and he giggled softly as he felt Sherlock throw his weight onto the bed beside him with absolutely zero grace. He giggled harder when the action apparently brought up a little bit of residual dust and caused Sherlock to let out a series of small, high-pitched sneezes that never sounded as if they belonged to the tall, broad-shouldered man in question.
If John wanted to do something so boring and mundane as sit in the park and watch people, Sherlock could at least be comfortable while they did it.
"Sherlock!" he snapped, unsure whether he wanted the man to stop because his voice was far too fucking persuading or the fact that he was angry he'd been manipulated. He had more control with the detective underneath him though, and as his strokes got harder, John was unable to form more than simple words and grunts. "
...gotta be quiet, babe...shhh," John managed, riding out his lover's unbelievably intense orgasm, kissing the younger man’s back lovingly, soothingly.
John smiled fondly. "Lay down you ridiculous man." He pushed Sherlock down on the bed and wrapped his arms around him, slinging a leg over Sherlock and making sure they were as close as possible. "This. This is what I need right now... Ok?"
"...Since...since you're not...here," Sherlock managed. Biting down upon his luscious bottom lip, the detective sobbed gratingly, his deep baritone voice suddenly croaky and broken, "John...talk. Need to...John, talk to me," he wheezed, his head beginning to ache, his muscles screaming in protest, his blood pounding and his swollen cock pulsing madly in pursuit of a seemingly inaccessible climax.
"It looks as though the perpetrator is languishing in the fact that he hasn't been caught, or even suspected, thus far. His...seventh attack...he didn't even bother to wear the wig and contacts that he had been relying on. Complacency is the ultimate weakness."
"Because you're completely insatiable," his doctor told him, playfully running his palm over the damp bulge in Sherlock's underwear in demonstration.
Stroking himself with the barest amount of effort necessary, he orgasmed quietly, and repeatedly, for an hour or so, cursing John every time he climaxed, shivering with effort, and then cursing him again afterwards as he sulked in sticky lassitude.
"Uh...well. Shall we all sit down?" John asked awkwardly, pleased at how well Sherlock was handling all this and hoping- fervently hoping- his mother wouldn't tell the story of the time she caught John in an embarrassing situation with his best male friend when he was 14 and how, since then, she'd always just
“Do you think you could...talk to me?" Sherlock asked, hesitantly and awkwardly. "And kiss me a bit? And just...tell me things? It won't take much." He confessed shame-facedly, feeling a steady, cooling trickle of liquid from his own turgid shaft dribble down his balls.
"One more and then...then I'm ready," John growled, voice distorted by anticipation and lust rather than anger. "Want you to fucking take me, Sherlock."
But, as Sherlock watched John smile at a passing mother and her little boy, he doubted John would. He'd meant it when he said he didn’t believe John could go without sex. He really didn’t think he could. Sherlock bit his tongue for a few seconds as John’s smile widened at the woman, and he was secretly proud of his restraint that he didn’t snap something rude and get them both thrown out of the store. He was less happy that his deep voice broke tellingly when he next addressed John, over the annoying, noisy bustle and chaos of the supermarket.
"Good. Don't." John said, reaching over to the bedside table and extracting the lube, handing it to Sherlock and biting his lip to keep from smiling at the way the taller man's hands shook slightly as he took it from him. Nervousness or arousal? John knew it was both. Sherlock taking John was rare- it was usually the other way round- and it was new and fascinating enough that Sherlock was still hesitant about it. "Get me ready." John said, unconcerned, lying back and propping his hands behind his head.
“You’ll never believe what I saw today,” John was saying, as he pulled a carton of chocolate milk from the fridge and took a few grateful swallows.
Sherlock narrowed his pale eyes, and it was patently obvious that he was still deeply suspicious, his curiosity piqued, but not in the sort of way that would fire him up to solve a bizarre element in a case. John was troubled, and that knowledge morphed into a parallel discomfort on Sherlock's part, tripling in its strength as it settled uncomfortably, and uninvited, in the detective's chest.
When John pulled away slightly, Sherlock’s next move almost set him off like a rocket. Breathing rapidly, eyes closed, Sherlock let go of John’s smaller hand and proceeded to slowly grip himself, spreading his buttocks decisively.
Sherlock glanced over the message, before chuckling and clumsily hauling himself back onto the mattress.
It's me, emmish! Massive apologies for the tardiness, we have excuses! Starry was busy getting a cool job and being a normal, functioning adult member of society, and I was in rehab. XD Hopefully updates will be more regular now :P
times, he admitted. In the darkness of his room, wanking, when his fantasies of big-breasted women would suddenly turn into broad-shouldered men...
There were a few stunned seconds of silence as John and Lestrade turned to stare at the detective. Sherlock glared at the grubby tabletop and flipped his collar up belligerently. Greg recovered first.
One of the men directly opposite him shrugged, avoiding eye contact. "I didn't...more of an indirect invitation...know what I mean?"
Sherlock, looking ostensibly calm, his pale eyes watching the dirty, rain-slicked streets out of his own window, was very much aware of John's state of mind. He could sense- practically
After waking up, he had insistently prodded the staff (who were absent more often than not) for information, and learnt that the kid had indeed passed away after his injury. The fact of the ragged wound in his own shoulder seemed almost incidental, and with all the pain meds he was on, he hardly gave it a second thought.
is on the verge of a panic attack and since you seem incapable of doing even the smallest of jobs, I will handle this." Sherlock snapped back at her, striding to John, hands smoothing down his face and carefully pushing him back on the bed. John's eyes welled over with relieved tears and he pushed his right hand into the thick curls at the back of Sherlock's head, shaking.
There was a tremulous, palpable silence, and the squirt of cheap commercial coffee dousing John's paper cup was almost deafening in the long, excruciating twenty seconds that it took to fill it up. The rain outside had long ceased, but the room was drenched in a faintly damp, grey, and thoroughly dispiriting atmosphere.
"Wh...what do you mean, especially from me?" Sherlock forced out through suddenly frozen lips, his insides constricting. Was John going to call it off between them because he'd been injured? Because it'd been Sherlock's fault that he was injured in the first place. They both knew it. Just neither one of them had said it yet.
"I'm fine." John snapped and Sherlock debated telling John he needed the help...but decided against it. It would just make him angry and he would still refuse the assistance. Sherlock did the best he could, hovering unobtrusively after John and steering him toward the elevator when he would have taken the stairs.
Sherlock blinked dizzily and swiped a quaking hand across his tear-soaked eyes, disrupting the pretty wet cobwebs of his eyelashes. He sat up in a wobbly fashion, groaning faintly at the complaining twinges of pain in his arms, thighs, calves and abdomen. He was sore all over, muscles he rarely used throbbing in protest at his sudden change in position, and the idea of actually
It was some minutes later when John skimmed his hand beneath the water, idly tugging at his flaccid cock.
Fingers freezing on his flies, Sherlock cleared his throat. "John...I'm ready. You can…take me to bed." He couldn't see John's exact expression in the dimness of the room, but Sherlock saw John cock his head to the side, as if he didn't understand.
"Sherlock you're...unbelievable," John panted, pumping a few more times, taking a moment to absolutely assure himself of his partner's comfort. John felt the heat and dampness of imminent ecstasy emanating from Sherlock, eyed it hungrily in the form of shrinking curls, of beseeching eyes, of the thick, pretty cock that pulsed repeatedly against his stomach.
"You feel amazing," John gasped wheezily, giving a few sharp upward bumps with his own excited hips. "We can stay like this if you like? Save the full monty for daylight," he grinned into the dark.
It didn't seem possible, what John had done. And yet…there was the proof, incontrovertible, in front of his very eyes.
." John begged. Sherlock's throat bobbed as he swallowed and his eyes skittered nervously to the side. His hands tightened their grip on the sheet.
Eyes crinkling with amusement, fighting down his chuckles, John settled his head into the pillow with a luxuriant, rumbling sigh that sounded enough like his vocals in bed when they made love especially slowly, to cause Sherlock to gulp thickly and hiss at the prompt, impatient throb of his own shaft.
No amount of distraction, or drugs, or determination to put mind over matter, could change the fact that, quite simply, Sherlock was a man, and he had needs.
"I told you, Sherlock. I'm fine. Now get some rest, love." John kissed his forehead. "I'll wake you for breakfast."
"Make a kebab out of this." The man said, jiggling Sherlock's cock, drawing his attention back to the threats being made against his person. "That arse is enough to feed all of us. Juicy." He licked his lips and Sherlock felt ill.
"Mm...I am yours, aren't I?" John ruffled his hair affectionately. "But it works both ways, just so you know. If I'm yours, that means you're
"When you said...when you said you wanted to spend your life with me," John shrugged. "I misunderstood...sorry," he murmured, face flushed a vivid red.
John grinned incredibly happy with the response, his confidence, desire and ego well and truly boosted, and started teasing Sherlock, pecking and sucking at the corner of his mouth, nipping his bottom lip, licking at his cupid's-bow, and beaming every time he avoided Sherlock's quest for a real kiss.
“Mm. Obviously. I was the one to suggest it. Don’t take it as your own idea when it was mine. I always come up with the best ideas. You know that,” Sherlock replied with a smirk to his voice, tightening his arms around John for a fraction of a second, and then leaning back to look at him.
He slid back into the bed, which seemed oddly-shadowed now the curtain encompassed it. He leaned forward and kissed the tip of Sherlock's nose, nuzzling it with his own, before speaking softly against his mouth.
"Christ, Sherlock, it's too fucking early." John complained without much heat, watching as his boyfriend flagged down a cab. The brunette turned, with fire in his pale eyes, and promptly dragged John in for a searing, sloppy kiss.
"Come on. We can't lie in bed all day. You need new PJ's. And don't think I didn't notice you snap the fucking buttons off my shirt, hoard them like a magpie, and then get rid of the remaining useless fabric a week ago." John reprimanded fondly. "You owe
Sherlock didn't reply, reaching up to release John's wrists from the headboard and tossing the ties aside.
Sherlock's over-wrought throat ejaculated another delightful noise as a result of the pure pleasure of feeling John climax in the dark, as a result of the ministrations of his own hand.
"That's...um..." A distant voice in his head reminded Sherlock he was only a good liar when he was prepared for it. Being put on the spot like this, he tended to stutter and flail about while he searched for a reasonable excuse. John knew that.
"And Marie," Jason said quietly, but perfectly audibly, taking a casual swig of his tea and gesturing to the woman in question, a leggy redhead with a sour expression on her face.
It matters, John thought. It matters a whole fucking lot, you wanker. "Condoms or we're through. And no more kissing either."
There was a brief moment when Sherlock scrambled for himself, squeezing on the base of his shaft, and he cringed and turned his head away in clear embarrassment, mumbling under his breath incoherently. His skin was gleaming with a thin, glistening layer of sweat, and he shifted once again, moving his hips and tensing his thighs.
"It's fine, Sherlock...whatever you want. This is for you." John breathed, pressing a chaste kiss to Sherlock's rounded buttock before licking with more intention.
"Um.." John tried to remember what he had been going to say, a difficult task when Sherlock's arse was wriggling in his face. "Lube." He managed, rooting around, finding it, and opening it with shaking fingers. He liberally coated his fingers, gently opening Sherlock and smearing his passage with as much slick as he could, avoiding his prostate to keep Sherlock from being overstimulated and coming too soon.
Sherlock sobbed through a violent tremor of terror that he managed to tamp down by clenching his fists, fingernails digging into his palms to ground himself. Breathlessly, Sherlock panted in entreaty. "John, you're here."
Sherlock was obviously in a bad mood, but John thought that had more to do with the fact that they'd had to leave the flat, post-shag, the semen barely cooling on their bodies, to solve a case. Well, maybe he could make it worthwhile, he thought.
"If you want me naked, strip me." John replied simply, lips moving down the column of Sherlock's throat and latching onto a pale section of skin, suckling at it gently. Sherlock's skin broke out in shivers and he fumbled at the buttons of John's shirt. The round discs slipped between his fingers, elusive and seemingly beyond his shaky control. John's sensual attack on his neck- now the other side- making Sherlock wonder if he would have a matched pair of bruises- wasn't helping, was leaving Sherlock scattered and lost. Finally, knowing John was distracted, Sherlock quietly snapped off the buttons from John's shirt as he went, catching them in his hand and pocketing them as stealthily as he could.
A choked, sharp cry heralded the penetration after a few breathless seconds, and John fought not to grin smugly as the fingers of both of Sherlock's long, elegant hands fisted in his too-short hair, scratching for an anchor as Sherlock’s damp hips gyrated like an practising belly-dancer.
John sternly told himself, digging his fingernails into his palm and tightening his jaw. He would make this go away. He wasn't a teen anymore with no self-control.
John snuffled against Sherlock with a soft laugh, hugging him tight and kissing the back of his neck with a mouth distorted by a helpless grin, all teeth and stretched lips and heated giggles. He spooned the taller man with unrestrained pleasure, taking delight in the feel of Sherlock's body against his, overly warm and snuggly under the covers.
Sherlock choked and coughed on his quick intake of air, and bucked with a small spurt of pre-ejaculate. An engrossing sight that John knew he’d never be able to forget. Not that he wanted to. Sherlock then stared widely, overwhelmed and shaking, completely stunned by what had coursed through him at such a simple, fleeting touch. By the sounds of it, Sherlock was almost on the verge of hyperventilating; his penis flushed a darker shade of red.
After a few trembling, steaming seconds, Sherlock bravely pushed himself back upright, self-consciously wiping the back of a hand across his mouth as he swayed just a little on his feet. His entire face was a delicious wet, rosy pink, and he looked absolutely exhausted. He met his doctor’s gaze, which somehow made John look like he didn’t know whether to cuddle him, worship him, or fuck him through the floor.
With careful and limp movements, Sherlock shoved the soiled cover aside, straightened out his legs and lay down on his stomach with a long, quaking sigh, “We should…do that again…” he mumbled indolently, a beaming smile on his flushed face. One of his hands, the left with the plastic ring still present, moved to coil around John’s wrist warmly. “John? I…think I should tell you something…something I should have said earlier actually…”
"There have been roughly equal amounts of 'coital' thumping, and 'fight' thumping. The former is the problem. It's not so much coital as frightful."
"No. I...I've never...It seems incredibly foolhardy to allow oneself to be so...enamoured with someone and allow them to be the only source of your happiness. People are inherently selfish and shallow. They rarely care for long." Sherlock stuttered out, clearing his throat and drawing on his usual reservedness, drawing in on himself, his eyes turning cool and shuttered.
"I think this isn't the conversation to be having here." John said tightly, glancing around as if there were people standing in the deserted aisle, hanging on their every word. "We can talk about this when we get back to the flat, just...pick what you want and let's go."
"I sometimes feel like we're in one of those bad Victorian movies...every time I glimpse a bit of skin I get so hard I ache."
Sherlock was definitely still aroused, but for once his erection was happy to take a back seat for a while, the kiss practically putting him in a trance of bliss.
Without further ado, the taller man threw himself on the bed and kicked off the rest of his clothes with minimal decorum. Feeble amber streetlamps shed just enough maudlin yellow light to illuminate the room.
"Beauty is in the eye of the beholder." Sherlock murmured back, still flushed but eyes fixated on John's hand, his own cock hard and forgotten in his lap.
..." Sherlock couldn't be bothered to care that he was irreverently chanting John's name like a broken record. All he cared about, all his focus, was on John and what his delightfully wicked tongue was doing between his legs. John had never done this to him before but Sherlock had fantasized about it a few times. He hadn't brought it up though, assuming it wouldn't be something John was interested in, and would be considered too queer or highly unsanitary by the scrupulous doctor.
"Can't believe I'm finally allowed to do that." John breathed against Sherlock's lips, voice full of wonder and longing, and he smiled when he straightened. "Well. I've got some phone calls to make. I'll uh...be right back."
"...The...the guy with the coat? I don't know, I don't know! They were gonna fucking...cut him up." the lackey gasped, eyes bulging and ultimately telling.
!" Sherlock's spine bowed when John licked a wet line up his cock. He tossed his head back, shouting helplessly when John did it again, moving to take him in his mouth-
"Who said that was what you're supposed to say?" John asked, a sudden, horrible idea dawning of Lestrade sitting Sherlock down and, for a joke, telling him to say those sorts of things. He'd kill him.
"Babe?" John clamped a hand to his mouth as if he could retract the pet name he'd unconsciously uttered. Hearing no scathing retort- for which he was thankful- he knocked again, his face flushed. "Sherlock?"
“What an idea, though,” John chuckled gently. “Listen - I’m…going to kiss you in a second. And it’s going to get heated. If you want me to stop at any time, say so. And if you don’t want me to start at all, that’s fine too.”
." John whispered, briefly closing his eyes, his own cock hard and abandoned between his legs, all his focus on Sherlock. "Do you...fuck." He broke off, had to clear his throat. "Do you need more lube? Is this...is this fine?"
Half an hour later, John still wasn't back and Sherlock was feeling sorry for himself, bundled up on the sofa and watching terrible daytime TV. The idiocy of people making him even more irritable. He took a deep breath, coughing a little as his lungs reached full capacity and thinking he probably shouldn't have smoked those eight cigarettes yesterday. He took a shallower breath, feeling a vindictive thrill at the idea he'd gone against John's wishes- since John had been so reprehensible- and if Sherlock had had a pack of cigarettes at the moment he would've smoked the lot of them.
"Look, that's...great but, I have this...I get a bit...funny...with massage," John admitted, convinced that the heat stoked by his embarrassment was warming Sherlock's invisible face like a candle flame. He vaguely pulled at the detective's hand.
Across the room, Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief, his heart pounding in his chest at the fear of discovery, at being in John's room while the other man slept. He knew this was a bit not good...but was unable to help himself.
!...mine," he growled, finally easing over the brink of orgasm, and even through the utter, blinding, noisy force of it, he felt the sensation of goosebumps on every inch of his skin, the ache of his clenched jaws, the sting of sweat in his eyes.
Sherlock hesitated, eyeing the considerable and possibly suspicious-looking quantity of pineapple in the trolley. "We have room in our freezer, John, and Mrs. Hudson's for any spares. Molly might even be able to house some at the morgue."
The doctor gritted his teeth and pursed his thin lips as he recalled the excruciating day he had suffered at work.
"Bad man," Sherlock uttered in a sinfully-deep, echoing tone. He moaned luxuriously as John massaged his scalp, breathing heavily in the heady steam of the shower.
“What?” she asked, her own pulse beginning to race in contagious panic. Sherlock stood momentously tall, and took as deep a breath as his speeding heart and electric terror would allow. Several pairs of eyes stared at him expectantly in the otherwise peaceful summer morning.
"Of course." She smiled at him, jumping up and setting her cat, Toby, to the side. "John? Want one?"
Had John been laughing at him the whole time? He'd said he wouldn't laugh but...how could he not have? The things Sherlock had said had been the epitome of stupid. Awkward. Silly.
Sherlock dizzily pulled forward for a redundant hug, squinting at his lover, and swaying in the dark.
"Yes. Remember? New Year. Boring and stupid. And the reason we're currently in this position," he laughed, blushing, and depositing a few tender kisses onto Sherlock's succulent lips.
By the time Sherlock had managed to wrap his head around the relative enormity of what John had done, thirty-three minutes had passed, and he was alerted by the sound of John's key in the flat's front door, and footsteps on the dusty stairs. He snapped the laptop shut and raced for the door, intercepting John just as he walked through, arms full of bags, face smiling.
John leaned in again, grinning, his indigo eyes slightly unfocussed after he had moved onto shots from his beers. "You need to piss. You should probably go," he chuckled.
!" He screeched, and four of the drunker- and therefore stupider- ones moved forward, two pulling out lethally-sharp looking knives. The latter pair rushed John, and he scrabbled and defended as best he could against the men who were five inches taller and fuelled with booze and adrenaline. The rest of them soon bundled in towards Sherlock and John, each trying to outdo the others, trying to get the first slice, draw the first blood.
The tell-tale click of an empty chamber was almost as shocking to both men as the explosive bang of a fatally-loaded one would have been. Shaun grated out an animalistic, hoarse scream, his hips locked and his arms trembling violently as he climaxed. He clenched tightly around John's cock, shuddering, and John wasn't far behind, coming with a muffled cry against Shaun's shoulder.
"Here." John thrust a pair of jeans at him, woefully too short but Sherlock was thankful for the coverage. He was covered in blood but he didn't think he had time to clean himself up. He tugged on the jeans and John watched him, eyes bright and hawkish. It made Sherlock's skin tingle in awareness but once he looked at John, he turned away.
“I must admit, I’m slightly lost now. What’s supposed to happen?”  He winced as a particularly searing spear of hot sunlight hit his pale eyes. John was briefly dazzled by the luminous green fire in them, and transfixed by the imperfect little brown dot in Sherlock’s iris that he was secretly enamoured with.
“Well, it can go away on its own,” Sherlock said, voice layered with light-hearted provocative tones, as one of his long arms moved and he cradled John’s bicep with gentle fingers. “You could just ignore it. Ignore me. Go to sleep. If you wanted.”
John moaned in shock and winced as Sherlock’s considerable full body weight was suddenly on him, the taller man shivering and huffing sticky whispers into his neck repeatedly. A few violent spasms that nearly jerked John to the floor and a strangled, high-pitched whine were needed before it finally dawned on John that his flatmate was having an orgasm. And it was hands-down the most erotic thing he had ever experienced.
"Yes, fascinating story, but at the moment I'm trying to piece together everything Lestrade's told me so if you could please...be quiet."
Short, desperate whimpers and sharp gasps were just audible over the cascade of the hot water. John was close, his body twitched uncontrollably. Sherlock could see him biting down hard on his bottom lip, and John’s right hand clutched fruitlessly at the shower wall for some support, his dominant hand speeding exponentially, as did his almost-painful sobs, which the detective noted he was actively trying to restrain.
John's cock was finally responding. Sherlock could feel it fattening up against his thigh but John wasn't moving to give himself more stimulus, didn't start rubbing himself against Sherlock. He seemed to be ignoring it. Overcome, Sherlock huffed a hot, silent laugh against John's mouth.
Ignoring Sherlock's cock for the time being, John scooted further back, encouraging Sherlock to spread his legs, which he did with a shiver. John licked his lips, sliding into the space made for him, and eyed the shadowed curve of Sherlock's arse.
"God, you're bloody gorgeous." John growled against his lips, hands splaying on Sherlock's cloth-covered stomach and moving lower, feeling his muscles bunch and contract at the contact. "I can't wait to have your cock in my mouth."
John swallowed again reflexively at the string of clear liquid that tethered Sherlock's dark, throbbing flesh to his trembling hand, even as the bitter scent of arousal assailed him. It took him a second to realise Sherlock was talking to him.
Sherlock hesitated and thought of not answering. If the manoeuvre- the cock slapping- had worked, he had been prepared to let John believe he'd thought of it himself and be appropriately stunned by how brilliant and savvy Sherlock was. Since it'd gone so badly, Sherlock was reluctant to reveal the source of his information.
John's eyes were trained on Sherlock's face, his tongue tracing the head of Sherlock's cock, watching every emotion flicker across Sherlock's face as he elicited it. Nervously, Sherlock tried to speak, his voice cracking once more, which inexplicably make John flush. "...You might...have a bit of trouble doing it…sucking my…um…through a layer of fabric." He joked. "..And...I might fall over if I don't get to sit down soon." he admitted, his cheeks tarnished a fantastically lush, burnt pink that made John want to take a picture, take it to Dulux, and then paint the whole flat in that exact shade.
"Isn't it a security risk to have multiple, identical passwords for sensitive information?" Sherlock asked, brows crinkling questioningly.
"Holy fuck, where did you come from," Greg exclaimed, smearing a splash of warm Guinness from his cuff.
Molly sat up resignedly, pulling out the scruffy hair tie that was keeping her straightened locks in a loose ponytail, and then sank back down, clutching her fifteen-year-old teddy bear Sigmund to her chest. She could hear the faint conversation between John and Sherlock in the room next door, able to pick out most of the words.
His rebuke was cut short as John had mercy on him, pressing their lips together, his hand gliding up to tug at Sherlock's curls and angle his head, deepening the kiss. Sherlock floundered as John's lips triggered a fresh rush of serotonin, dopamine, and oxytocin. He tentatively prodded the tip of his tongue, inexperienced but hopeful, against John's mouth. He felt John hesitate….and then John was opening his mouth, his own tongue coming out to twine delicately against Sherlock's. Sherlock shivered, a low whine tearing from his throat as John's tongue pushed past his own, flicking against the roof of his mouth.
He winced as he got out of the cab, trying to hide from Sherlock just how dodgy his leg had gotten. It was psychosomatic- all in his head- the panic attack he'd had the previous day bringing Afghanistan, and therefore his injury, rushing back. His leg buckled, threatened to fold, and John passed it off as pausing in front of the door, staring up at the hotel speculatively.
An impeccably dressed young man strode toward them, positively rubbing his hands together and beaming at Sherlock excitedly.
John grunted, his hands flailing slightly before settling on Sherlock's bony hips, rolling him gently to the side. "We should -
John shoved his doubts aside for a few moments, as he steadily, gently, made tiny punching movements inside his lover, ensuring his knuckles troubled Shaun's prostate with utmost accuracy, whilst preparing to control the orgasmic struggles of the other man, his right arm squeezed protectively around Shaun’s waist.
." He reprimanded feebly, disgusted with the way the fluid had matted his hair together, and John had to turn away to hide his grin.
“What do you think I’ve been doing? Guess, John. Look at the evidence.” Sherlock knew he was teasing, but he felt justified. For once, he hadn’t actually done anything wrong. Well, not wrong in the sense that John was suggesting.
"I...I don't...know?" Sherlock's hips shakily thrust up, cock bobbing with the motion, and John's hand wrapped around it, stroking quickly.
"Yeah." Shaun huffed out a deep breath, relaxing, and John turned his hand around, gingerly sliding his thumb in alongside the rest of his fingers. Shaun cried out and he froze, ready to pull back- "Perfect. Oh...perfect." Shaun trembled, overwhelmed, and John smirked.
"Yes." Sherlock pouted. He was capable of getting John off without doing...any of that. John's arm fell away from his face and he smiled up at Sherlock.
"Oh- Oh, n-no, it's fine. More than fine, actually." Molly stuttered and Sherlock didn't miss the way Molly's eyes strayed to his hair and her cheeks flushed a dusky pink. It seemed John wasn't the only one affected by his hair. "I'm happy you're here. Not happy your flat's leaking!" She hurriedly explained, eyes widening. "That must be awful. I'm just...happy I can help."
," John muttered, scrubbing his hand agitatedly through his hair, dislodging the pink party hat in the process.
"Do that again." John commanded breathlessly, and Sherlock swirled his tongue around the head of his cock, licking at the bead of moisture collected there. John blundered a hand into Sherlock's heavenly, dark curls, and gulped, his breaths starting to present a struggle as he fought his rapidly-rising orgasm. A few faint, closed-mouth moans and sobs, accompanying his tightly-closed eyes, betrayed his imminent climax.
"Yeah...God yeah...you feel...incredible," John rambled, starting to slide his engorged shaft across Sherlock's slippery abdomen, dragging across the soft dent of his navel with tiny grunts of pleasure. "Can you put them in...just...in between," he asked, avoiding eye contact by gnawing tenderly at the detective's clavicle.
!” Sherlock exclaimed deliriously, licking his plump lips and rocking away the tremulous last waves of his orgasm, blinking sweat from his eyes, and finally easing the last little thrusts of his aching hips.
The smaller man pulled back a little, indigo eyes boring into his lovers', his gaze a perfect, if under-dog, competitor in terms of intensity.
"Never thought I'd see the day," John quipped, getting off Sherlock to recline beside him on the bed. "Okay…I'm just going to..." he laid his hand upon Sherlock's stiffness, thumbing it softly, and it pulsed with Sherlock’s impulsive hitched breath, the twitch of his hips, and his juddering stomach.
John watched him go, simmering on the words to apologise but he couldn't cough them out. Instead he sighed heavily and tucked himself back into his jeans, grimacing at the sticky wetness that started to seep into his boxers.
The detective’s entire body twitched and after a hitching inhalation, Sherlock failed to stop and muffle a vibrating moan, his hips tipping forward with a trembling of his thighs. In retaliation, long fingers flexed and clenched around John’s shoulders, moving to press flirtatiously and expertly into the muscles they found there, shooting sparks of pleasure with each touch.
"Oh pish! The things I've heard, Sherlock, that couldn't possibly be true. Why would you think that?"
The pieces suddenly slotted into place for John. He sighed, stiffly leveraging himself into a sitting position and peeled the covers back from Sherlock's head.
He wanted to close the window but was afraid the noise would wake John. And that was something Sherlock wanted to avoid. Desperately wanted to avoid.
John's heart leapt in his throat and he scrambled to raise himself up, pushing against the restraining hand of the nurse, desperate to see the face belonging to that voice. He struggled into a sitting position, his fear giving him extra strength even as he winced and gasped from the pain the movement gave him, fighting against the uncomfortably tight sheets that pinioned him to the hard bed.
Obediently, the detective stood, dropping the Union Jack cushion on the sofa, adjusting his dressing-gown ties again, and wandering into the kitchen, before tentatively rummaging in the breadbin, and inspecting the various appliances in there with some trepidation and doubt.
"Bastard." John hissed as he pushed his rock-hard, spit-slicked cock warningly against Shaun's pucker. He flexed his hips a few more times before, panting, reached behind for the lube-
"Y-yes...fuck, John...fuck me..." Shaun shook his head, sweat flying from his forehead. "Nngh...your cock. John...want your cock."
He continued for nearly two minutes in relative silence, before the smaller man’s stifled snuffles of laughter became audible.
Those long fingers wrapped around John's more-than-a-little flaccid cock, giving it short, quick strokes, Sherlock keenly watching as it thickened again. John sighed in relief, mouth falling open when Sherlock, his hand slickened with the oil, began making longer sweeps on his cock, accidentally swirling his thumb over the head every few strokes.
He flipped through John's phone until he found the right settings, changing the alert from tone to vibrate. He sighed resignedly that there were no further options- just vibrate. His own mobile had options to change the vibration pattern, even create one's own unique pattern, and Sherlock allowed himself a moment to think about that. But no. It wouldn't do. He would use John's mobile or not at all.
He wasn't going to think of that now, he sternly resolved. He was going to have a nice, relaxing wash and not remember the young man from yesterday. The young man- too young to be dying- whose hand he'd helplessly held as he slipped away after John's best efforts-
Sherlock and dirty talk. Yes, please, John thought wryly. He smiled. "Maybe later, love. I'm for a nap." He slung an arm around Sherlock and hauled him close, Sherlock laid his head on John's chest without protest, his eyes sliding closed tiredly.
"I...I can't promise I'll last," Sherlock laughed nervously, before clenching his teeth, wincing at the sensation of dried come creasing in the wrinkles of his eyes and cheeks. He pushed in further, with a sharp, high-pitched noise that delighted John with its newness, and surprised Sherlock with the same.
He hissed as John bit the back of his neck hard, and he struggled belligerently against John's damp, hot hands, sensing that his doctor was on the absolute brink of orgasm, on the point of no return, suffering every tiny quirk and jolt of muscle, every telling and memorable vocal stutter, every heated and furious, overwhelmed exhale.
John smiled. "I just know this isn't your thing. So...thanks. For doing this. It means a lot...having you here."
"No need to be embarrassed." Sherlock said, tilting his head questioningly at John's parents. "We're all adults. You must have done it at least
"I want to convince a man to penetrate me, or, should it take another turn - penetrate another man. The circumstances are irrelevant. Advice on the means to do so would be welcome."
“No! No, it’s…fine,” Sherlock replied instantly with a half-second of eye contact, before looking down and clearing his throat. The bloom on his high cheekbones made his crystalline aqua eyes look even more startling, practically radioactive.
"I'm sure the body won't be going anywhere soon," he observed, stifling a small yawn as he pawed about for his clothes, far too languidly for Sherlock's liking.
"Not...not long. Make it...make it hard. Don't want to breathe at all." He panted and John swallowed thickly.
Sherlock was in the middle of the living room, in a stifling, deep gloom, and down to just his trousers and pants…when John cautiously made his way into the dimness, eyes dilated and intense as a hunting lion at twilight, fixated on its prey.
"Please, John...please come." Sherlock begged, hips losing their rhythm altogether, gracelessly shoving his cock inside John in halting, delayed thrusts, each time afraid the next one would make him climax. "Please come...p-please..."
Sherlock found himself stalking quietly across the room and pressing his ear to the door, holding his breath as he listened for John's voice. He heard John clearing his throat a few times, before speaking into his phone. Sherlock was deeply tempted to wrench open the door, seize the phone, and claim his property audibly and without doubt to the wench on the other end of the line. He tensed, restraining himself admirably, and listened.
"Yeah, he's probably not making him work for it." John complained breathlessly, trying again to get free. He whined, rotating his hips again to grind against his prostate. It was likely the only way he was going to come.
John, to his credit, had managed to ignore the Irishman, having far too many other friends and better memories to concentrate on, and was seeming to be having a good time, occasionally squeezing Sherlock's hand lovingly as he grew more merry.
His cock throbbed, pointing straight up, but he hadn't even touched himself yet, hadn't indulged in the decadent pleasure John was apparently so
“Sherlock, we were never a couple!” John shouted and stared, truly blown away by his flatmate’s bizarre behaviour. There was quirky, and then there was actually unhinged.
Sherlock's body had immediately slumped against the bed when the toy was removed but his cock, blood red and swollen, still twitched between his legs with every beat of his heart. He whined quietly at the feeling of still being aroused, of yet another orgasm curled tightly in his abdomen, demanding to be released. He hadn't known it was possible to get aroused so soon after having an orgasm, hadn't known his body was capable of it, and it both thrilled and terrified him. He trusted John to make it better, though.
