'Correction: they're definitely killing me, Sammy,' Dean's voice was low and broken, but he still had a snarky grin on his face.
He had to leave the room before he did something reckless, like destroy something out of a pure burst of force. He couldn’t part with the lovely words Dean had written, even if he meant to ball up his confession and hide it. He wanted to call Dean up and tell him he found the poem and how much he appreciated it, but Cas realised he wasn’t supposed to see that. He could imagine Dean’s fury at Cas snooping around in his bedroom. He left Dean’s room feeling utterly deflated, and completely at a loss for what to do.
“I’m starting to believe that,” Dean glanced towards the desk in the corner Cas hadn’t noticed the last time he was here. Perhaps it was something the ex-hunter brought in because of Jack’s suggestions for healing. “It’s funny. You were the first person―well, no, that’s not right. I know for a fact
After attending fifty meetings in three days, watching Charlie make a million phone calls, and hearing Sam make a few hundred jabs at Dean’s waning bachelorhood, Dean let out a loud sigh of relief as he shut the door to his bedroom suite the night before the ball. He rested his head against his door, scrunching his eyes tight to try and relieve the pressing headache needling away in his brain. He took in a deep breath and nearly gagged.
“Let me,” He would say. Cas wouldn’t be able to find the words to respond, but he’d give his enthusiastic consent in other ways. A nod of his head, pleading eyes, directing Dean to his buckle...and he’d be rewarded with a glowing smile, so blinding...
“Where is Mother Dearest? I thought she’d want to be a part of the itty-bitty selection committee,” Dean threw one his pieces of popcorn up in the air, catching it easily in his mouth.
Water started filling his lungs again, flowing to his lips and spewing out. It washed away the blood on his hands, but the fountain from his lungs wouldn’t stop. The rain cascaded down, rushing like a waterfall. Everywhere water was trying to swallow him up. Still, the memories came flooding in.
“Why is she here?” He glared at the witch, who let out a glittering sound of laughter. Dean’s interest had shifted from the television to the front door, and he was now standing up, shoulders hunched in defense.
“Cas, spit it out,” Dean couldn’t take his gaze off the baby, who was staring back at Dean with a wide smile.
‘Should we check into a motel?’ Sam stared out the passenger window as they sped through the city, and Dean muttered something nonsensical about traffic. ‘Dean?’
quiet. “Oh hey, yeah, by the way, Mom, I’m bisexual. Thought you ought to know,” He shrugged. “Sam and Cas do.”
‘Well, yes, but I meant more specifically. Ever heard the name “Winchester” during your time in the pit?’ He bit his lip to hide the laughter bubbling in his throat at the visceral twitch from his victim at the name.
“I might not be,” Dean smirked as he swayed. Cas brought his hands to Dean’s shoulders to steady him. “But Cas could still take you down if I asked,”
“That’s not creepy or anything,” Benny murmured, and Dean nodded in agreeance. The Shadow took Castiel’s face and laughed menacingly.
Castiel’s, but he was moaning and whining too. The spell swirling inside him was satiated, but only just, and it was greedy. It wanted more.
“Cas,” He reached and gave his shoulder a gentle squeeze. “I’ll be fine for a bit. I’ll call out to you if we need you,” His smile was faded, but still there, just hidden behind the heaviness of his eyes. “Go to him. I’m honestly surprised he hasn’t started annoying you with prayers yet,”
“Dean Winchester, you are one stupid son of a bitch.” Benny said sternly, before letting him go. He followed the angel out the cave’s entrance, leaving Dean to flounce ungracefully into the garden he and Cas had created. That sickly-sweet scent swam through his head and made his eyes feel cloudy.
When Castiel becomes obsessed with something, he lets it consume him. His love for Dean was no different, and that was the most painful truth he was starting to come to terms with.
“Fine, Novak. If that’s what you think, then we should watch one of your movies then one of Benny’s, and we’ll see if I’m not awake to hear the triumphant sounds of John Williams’ best score to date,”
He pulled him into a hug, just as they’ve done a thousand times before. Unlike before, however, Cas made a point of pressing his cheek into Dean’s neck. The hunter groaned at the contact. Cas brought his lips to Dean’s neck, and pressed soft kisses into his skin, trailing them across his jaw until they were face-to-face and lips a hair’s breadth away.
“Hey sunshine, my eyes are up here,” Dean clicked his fingers, and Cas snapped his attention up to the hunter’s face, but he was beaming. “C’mere,” His arms were warm and smelled like the sea as he soaked up Cas’ attention. The angel smiled as he pressed his face into Dean’s neck, feeling a kiss being pressed softly into the crown of his head. As soon as they broke apart, Jack bounded into Cas, all wriggling arms and energy.
Dean only knows the feel of a blade on his throat or an angry fist to the face, but Castiel was determined to teach Dean the miracle of naked desire when it is all-consuming. That raw passion, that burning need to
good, and there are other things I want to explore right now,” Cas stroked his thumb down the side of Dean’s face, reflecting the feral grin Dean shone at him.
“Of course,” Dean murmured, kissing into the stubble on Cas’ neck. The older man brought his hand to Dean’s cheek.
“Dean?” The word came out softly. “Is this better?” There was a crack in his voice. Cas felt a warm breath against the back of his neck, and he heard Dean take in a deep breath. A tremor pressed itself into Cas’ arm as Dean lined his entire body up against Cas’.
like him, but he was holding a full glass of beer in the hand not gripping the other man’s neck. That doesn’t sound right. Dean
'If Cas and I are just "best friends", then I'm half a mind to believe you both honestly think Bert and Ernie are just room-mates. And oh, David Bowie and Freddie Mercury were just buddies. And the chemistry between Kirk and Spock was two bros being bros.' Dean managed to lean himself back in the chair, huffing out a laugh. Cas' heart rate sped up of its own volition, and he could feel his stomach trying to turn in on itself. Strange, Cas thought, but that was a curiosity for another time.
But here and now, the angel was nowhere to be found. He stared at the bare barn doors, where Cas stormed through twelve years ago. The wood was still splintered from Cas’ blast. There was a pitiful sound coming from all around Dean, like a wounded animal. It took him a moment to realise
“She’s not the only one who’s done that. At least half of these,” Sam tapped his fingers on the covers of the tabloids. “Offer up cases and scenarios where you and Cas...”
“I jumped because people screamed and I wanted to protect you,” Cas didn’t look Dean directly in the eyes, so Dean scoffed.
?” He glanced around. If he didn’t know this was Purgatory, he would’ve thought it was some ridiculous hippie’s idea of heaven.
“Cas?” He whispered, head bowed, eyes closed. Another memory, not of Purgatory, echoed and groaned in his head. It was Claire’s words, in a phone call years ago. Castiel could sense her longing, without a prayer. She also told him Cas could hear thoughts as prayers too. The concept had seemed bizarre to him at the time, but it might just help him guide Castiel back to him, back home. “I hope you can hear me,”
” The blindfold was wrenched off his head, and Dean opened his eyes wide to see a large smattering of people, standing around the stage Castiel had them on, all staring in awe and amazement at Dean. They were smiling and applauding, and Dean’s cock was
“Wish I could say the same, cher,” The smile on Benny’s face showed his sharp canines, and Dean felt a hot flush crawl on his face at the nickname. He hadn’t been called
“My hero,” He rolled his eyes before pulling Cas in for a quick hug. The panic in his chest had nearly completely dissipated, so he patted Cas’ shoulder and let him go. “Alright, let’s kick it in the ass.” Cas let out a frustrated sigh, and Dean smirked before turning towards the front door to greet the crowd filled with reporters.
So Castiel was not expecting much fanfare from the Winchesters as he stumbled through the doors, but he was still surprised to find a tiny dog sitting near the foot of the stairs, curled up and staring back at Castiel with interest.
“Because no Leviathan ever died in that spot,” He clicked his fingers. “I know where we might be able to find one. I’ll need backup though, and I’m sorry cher,” He tried to give the hunter a warm smile. “It’ll be quicker with the angel by my side, and we’ve only got a few more hours left,”
“Your Highness, you look as ravishing as ever,” Benny pressed a chaste kiss to Dean’s cheek. Dean brought his hand to Benny’s face and caressed his thumb over the man’s bottom lip.
. He had to pull his grace back, even though the very thought of it killed him all the more. Dean’s soul flared out once more before paring back in time with Cas’ grace. The satisfied smile on the hunter’s face made Cas smile in return.
“He put the Empty to sleep and brought me back. To you,” He brought a gentle hand to Dean’s cheek, and the hunter leaned into the touch. “For you.”
“Spot on for both of us. Cas, remind me to have a word with Charlie about divulging our dirty movie-watching secrets later,”
“Yes,” The word was simple, direct, but gentle falling from Castiel’s lips. It echoed through the silent room like a sigh of relief. The puzzle piece clicked into place, and Sam felt his lips stretching in a small smile even as his eyes watered yet again.
“That sounds wonderful, dear,” Mary gave him a real smile for once. “Please don’t forget to wear sunscreen today,”
“I’ll find that out for myself. Also wanna know who he thinks he is, hitting on my angel,” He grumbled.
“But what I was looking at was the, ah…bruising on your neck there, Dean,” Innocence never looked right on Benny. Dean had seen that smile only a few times when they were running in Purgatory together, and both times, it was because Benny was toying with him. Dean rolled his eyes.
“My name is Dean Winchester. Sam is my brother,” He licked his lips. “Mary Winchester is my mother, and Castiel is my best friend,” Dean pulled Castiel in for a crushing hug before whispering in his ear: “You saved me from Hell, I am yours and you are mine, Heaven and Hell be damned,” Castiel could feel his smile as Dean brought his lips close to the angel’s cheek. “You’re my best friend, and you belong with me, and I fell in love with you in Hell,” He pulled his face back to smile at Cas. The jaded haze in Dean’s eyes had disappeared. “I think they killed the witches,”
‘You don’t mean it. You’re just trying to hurt me, trying...trying to get under my skin,’ The angel mumbled, glancing nervously to Sam, who gave him a pensive stare. Something must’ve clicked in Cas’ mind because his eyes cleared and he straightened up slightly. ‘You want me to touch you, Dean?’ He slowly approached the Devil’s Trap, and Sam slipped the final injection into the hand behind Cas’ back. Dean’s breathing became louder.
The garden party was in full swing when Dean arrived at the front gates of Lord Adler’s estate, fashionably late as planned. The man meant well, of course, but Dean always felt like he was being scrutinized by him with every decision he made. Even now, as Dean exited his vehicle with Cas falling into step behind him, Adler gave Dean a look that made his insides squirm.
“I tried to hide in your dreams, to appear before you and give you comfort and stay with you as you went to Hell,” Cas spoke lowly, as though Heaven itself would hear him confess and come to chase him away again. The fires of fear in the angel’s eyes cautioned Dean of Heaven’s retribution. “They did not approve, of course, and pulled me away from you just before I could appear in your dream,”
Sam was standing by the microwave, looking mildly stressed and holding Emma in his arms. Emma was giggling her head off, and Dean could tell she was mocking him in the way she smirked at him. Sam shook his head fondly at her, before turning his gaze to Dean and Cas.
“When was that?” Sam frowned. Dean wasn’t overly trusting of Cas at the beginning of their friendship. In fact, Sam recalls Dean telling him he shot and stabbed the angel on sight. That’s not the typical way to build a trusting friendship, but here Cas stands.
“How about we watch a movie?” Dean jumped up from his seat at the War Room table. A few days had passed since they arrived back from the hunt, and Dean had been acting curiously happier than normal. Cas cocked an eyebrow at Dean’s question, but Sam just sighed loudly.
The cave hadn’t lost any of its previous charms. The spongy moss was still there, and the cave still gave off its’ own light, but there was one added extra. Near the wall where Dean remembers collapsing into Cas’ arms all those years ago, there was a bed of flowers stretching open their petals, as if Dean and Cas brought the sunlight in on their skin.
The small puddle surrounding him started to look more like a low-filled lake. Dean’s jeans were disappearing into the wash, and he started to sway closer and closer to the ravine rushing behind him.
stay here on the phone until you calm down. Keep on breathing and talk me through what lead to your call. Perhaps that might help you give me the answer you want to give,” His voice washed over Dean like the rosewater and sea salt baths Cas used to encourage him to take after a session together. “I’m right here, I won’t leave you,”
Castiel’s words were alive in his head. Dean could feel them playing on a loop, like a stuck record.
“He is, I’ve heard him,” The demon kept his gaze on the roof, eyes flicking back to his vessel’s brown eyes. “He’s also heard of a new development with your disgusting human pal,
. “Sure thing, Cas.” He smiled, and they shared each other’s breaths, lips only a hair’s breadth apart. Smoke filled his virgin lungs.
‘Dean?’ His brother’s question was hesitant. Dean rolled his neck, wrenching his eager gaze from the angel once more.
knows: the angel was the pressure point aimed directly at his heart. A type of electric shock thrummed through his body, too strong to be static, too subtle to be lightning. Epiphany.
“Cas,” Sam held up his hand, shaking his head with a smile on his face. “Don’t apologize for loving my brother. He deserves to be happy, and you were the only one who made him smile like that in the middle of the worst times,” Silence fell between the two as they smiled and continued glancing around Dean’s bedroom. Cas arrived back at the jacket, pulling it off the chair and bringing the fabric in close to cling to it.
Lucifer nearly took him. He nearly destroyed his best friend. Yet, Dean felt more guilty about the Amara situation than anything. That isn’t
‘I. Am. The. King.’ He panted out, veins popping from his reddening face. The sight of his struggle soothed the heated anger in Dean’s chest.
“They have to be.” The comforting voice replied gently. What does that mean? That’s not the answer he wanted. He
“Cas, do you think you could stick around here while Rowena and I go to the coven’s hide-out?” Cas turned to see Sam pulling on his jacket, and Rowena was fastening up her coat.
The drink started to feel warm on his tongue, and the suds turned slightly bitter. He placed the bottle down beside Bobby, cautiously eyeing the oncoming dark clouds heading in from up in the east of the long, winding road.
Cas let out a bone-deep groan as he flicked off his bedside light, and began to wrap his duvet around his body like a cocoon. It was cold enough to justify nestling into the down-feathered blanket, and he tried to imagine the blanket was arms holding him tightly. He vehemently refused, however, to pretend his imaginary cuddle-buddy had green eyes, freckles and a sunny smile. His phone lit up, and Cas glared at the brightness of his phone’s screen to read the message.
“Thank you,” Dean pressed his cheek into her warm hand. He felt her thumb run gently along the apple of his cheek. She caught a stray tear that snuck out from Dean’s eye.
“Her soul is the same as yours, but there’s something else there too,” Cas murmured as he squinted at the baby. “Dean, didn’t you mention once that you had a daughter, with that Amazon lady?”
‘Where is she?’ He glanced over the empty carcass still tied to the chair. ‘Honestly thought you’d do more damage. Getting soft, are we?’ Dean growled but didn’t answer. Crowley cocked an eyebrow. ‘What, not going to say anything?’
‘Of course. She’s fucking smart, that’s for sure,’ Dean kept pacing around the circle slowly, gaze meeting Castiel. To an untrained eye, Cas would appear indifferent to what he’s witnessing, but Dean knows better. The mild twitch in the angel’s left hand gave him away― he was
this? Tell me, Dean. Tell me what you want,” It didn’t surprise Dean at all to find how easily Cas slipped into the dominant top role, but Dean’s response to it, however...
“That’s where you’re wrong, kid,” Dean’s voice came low from Cas’ door. Jack broke away from Cas to turn and face Dean. The hunter looked tired, and there was a haunted look in his eye, but Cas noticed the piece of paper, clenched in his right fist. It made his pulse quicken. “I’ve got so many things to be afraid of,”
“No, it’s something I instinctively knew as an angel,” Cas shrugged. Dean froze. “Speaking of, I have a confession to make, Dean,” He squared his shoulders and kept his arms by his sides.
‘Hey buddy, think you could let me out of these restraints now?’ He jostled both his arms and Cas brought his sad gaze to Dean’s hands.
at being addressed by his nickname by anybody who wasn’t family. “But let’s change the subject, shall we? Surely you didn’t come all this way to discuss my relationship with my bodyguard,” Dean kept a gracious smile on his face, and Benny returned it, but the look in his eye didn’t fade.
“And I missed the both of you, very much so,” Cas ran his hand through Jack’s hair, catching a surprising amount of sand from his golden-brown locks.
“I’m...” The words slipped away, and Castiel could see his train of thought derailing right in front of him, drifting into the wind like smoke from a train wreck.
“Dean―” Sam went to correct him, but instead he made a noise like something got stuck in his throat. Castiel frowned before squinting to see Dean’s soul. There it was, still glistening and shimmering as ever before. It was still behaving the same, too. Reaching, reaching, reaching for Castiel’s grace, as it always has, since Castiel had to thread his grace through his charge’s soul to rescue Dean from the corrosive touch of Hell’s clutches. That taste of purity, that surge of raw energy, had left Dean’s soul with an addiction for Castiel, even if he never consciously acknowledged it.
“It’s a valid excuse, and I’m going to milk it for all it’s worth. You’d be wise to do the same, Cassie, and screw that student’s brains out. You can blame it on quarantine,”
,’ Cas murmured, a slight grin on his face. Dean snapped his attention towards Cas, pushing him up against the wall. The angel sighed out his name, but his grin didn’t falter. Dean smirked, flicking his eyes black, enjoying the twitch in Cas’ expression.
, ever so slowly, he trailed his hands down past his stomach, resting on Dean’s belt. “What do you want, Dean?”
Cas’ phone dinged as he placed it down on the counter, and he saw a message from Balthazar. He sighed before he opened the message.
“You’ve got nothing to apologise for. I guess I’ve just learned to be quiet over the years,” He chuckled. Cas knew he was staring at the man, but he couldn’t help it. Dean had
“Good to see you, Benny,” He pulled away, patting his hands on his back, squeezing his shoulder. Benny barked out a low laugh.
As soon as the news broke, Cas received an email from the Head of the English Department of the university, Ms Naomi Tapping, asking for the faculty members to join in on a Zoom meeting to go over all their agreed protocols. Cas typed out a private email for Naomi, informing her he has a student staying at his place. He hesitated as he tried to think of the best way to explain the situation.
‘Right. Forgot you can’t have Bert without Ernie. Fine, your boy-toy can come along too. Might work out to be wise anyway. Savvy?’
Thank you for bearing with me on this fic. I wanted to get through my schoolwork and my other fic before I touched this one again. And I'll be honest, I wasn't quite sure where to take it from the ending of the first chapter.
looking that delicious in those sweatpants and his Black Sabbath tee. “I was just gonna ask, did you want me to cook some dinner, or were you thinking of ordering in tonight?” Cas snapped his eyes back to Dean’s.
“Since Purgatory,” Dean choked out. “God, I’ve been wanting you to love me back since Purgatory,” Cas’ hips stilled before picking up the pace, slamming his hips hard into Dean.
“Benny’s done enough to protect you this far. He’ll surely be able to keep that up for a bit longer. Just an hour, Dean, then we’ll continue,” He turned to give Dean that gentle smile, tugging at the strings of his heart. His steel vines had melted away when he got Cas back from his amnesia, so all that was left to be wrecked was his heart itself. “I’ll watch over you.” Another blow to the muscle, another pull on the strings. Pretty soon, his heart was going to overflow with...
“Yeah, but you...you look...” Dean’s tongue snagged on his teeth, so he swallowed and tried again. “Looking good, Novak,” Cas gave himself a quick once-over, a smile playing on his lips.
student. Pray tell, is it your friend, the mechanic with the classic car who looks like he could be a model? What’s his name, again? Jason? Tom? Eric?”
“I said,” Dean smiled earnestly now. “You wouldn’t be the guy I fell in love with if you made this easy on me,” Through their shared contemplative looks, Cas could hear the rain starting to fall on the roof. “Are you sure you don’t want to put that on?” He gestured with his thumb towards his jacket again. Cas didn’t take his eyes off Dean. His beautiful, stubborn, heartful,
“Ah,” The noise came up unbidden from Cas’ mouth. “We, um...” Red rose heat covered his cheeks as he tried to regurgitate the unwanted whispers. “We’re not...”
Just as he finished pouring coffee into Dean’s cup, the man in question entered the kitchen. Cas bit down on his tongue to pull back the reprimand about going barefoot on the linoleum in the middle of October.
“Mmhmm, that would be fantastic. There’s a meeting point for these rogue angels. Warehouse just up near Clearwater Creek in Nebraska,” Claire let out a heavy sigh. “Might be nice to hang out with you again. Maybe. See if you’re not as much of a doof as you once were,”
What does Michael think Castiel deserves? Happiness? That seemed unlikely. Cas was happy, wasn’t he? No, of course, he wasn’t. Jack was gone. Their son was the source of Castiel’s happiness.
Castiel always enjoyed Dean’s sole company, and he knew this would be no different. If anything, this time might be more open and honest than ever before. Except when they first met. Castiel had already resigned he would never again have a moment like that with Dean. They came close to that purity, that openness, in Purgatory, but they never had the chance to discuss it.
“Thank you for the dance, Your Highness,” Benny gave Dean a small smile as he watched Charlie make her way towards Dean with the next suitor in tow. Dean recognised Lady Cassandra Robinson of Girardeau but still turned to give Benny a gracious nod. “I do hope to hear from you soon.”
‘How are you feeling, Dean?’ Cas tilted his head, still cautious. Dean didn’t meet Cas’ eyes as he shrugged.
Cas had made him, and the angel did little more than caress him softly. The tears came back, and he was trembling once more at the loss of comfort, at the loss of touch. Cas stared longingly, but he didn’t come back, even as a small whimper made its way through Dean’s lips. The hunter knew what the angel was doing, the bastard. Why did he have to know Dean like the back of his hand?
Also, do you think Dean was really dreaming? Or was he actually half-listening in on a legit conversation? Hmmmmmm.....
Dean pulled away, lightning before the thunder. Before Cas could feel the rush of cold air steal away the warmth Dean provided him, the hunter snuck out of the small crack between Sam and the hallway. Cas let out a dejected sigh.
to teach because he loves the students, which wasn’t exactly a lie. It also helped that he had a second job as a freelance editor, he supposes.
“He thinks he runs the whole business when really, we’re co-workers at best. I’m of a different department entirely, on the same level as him. He just likes to think of me as his protégé because he took me under his wing when I first arrived here a few years ago. But you’re shifting the subject,” Cas raised an eyebrow as they stepped into the half-packed-up office, lit up only by the desk lamp. Dean noticed a decanter of whiskey sitting on a side table. A soft wind swept through the room from the balcony door behind the empty desk. “Tell me what you want, Dean,” Castiel dropped his voice lower, and the younger man couldn’t help making a loud gulping noise as he turned to look back at the mildly-disheveled man.
“Oh yeah? After anything, or were you missing me?” Cas rolled his eyes. “Don’t answer that, I know you weren’t after anything.” Dean let out a heavy sigh. “So it’s looking like we’ll be able to salt and burn the bitch haunting this house and be back home by noon tomorrow. Think you can wait around that long or does upstairs need you for something?”
“Goodnight, Cassie. Sleep tight, and be sure to let the sex bugs bite!” Balthazar’s cackle was cut off by Cas hanging up on him. He threw his phone down next to him and rubbed his temples as the beginnings of a headache starting to creep in.
“Cas,” The gasp was a prayer for more. Castiel never denied Dean anything, and he wasn’t about to change his very nature, now was he?
you were leaving in a hurry?” Dean placed his hand on Emma’s back, fingers resting on the back of Cas’ hand, while he reached into the angel’s trench-coat pocket. The noise became louder as he pulled the phone out, and sure enough, the Caller ID said ‘
“I don’t know, Cas,” He sighed out, pulling his gaze back to the sunset-soaked road. “How about you tell me what to expect back home first? I’d like to know as much about this Mick character as you can tell me,”
? Dean felt the mattress press against the backs of his knees and he tumbled like a sandcastle from the tide, washed away by the current of Castiel. He closed his eyes and couldn’t stop the soft murmurs slipping from his lips as Cas slowly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing more skin to press light kisses into.
He went over the words once, twice, and felt a blush slowly colour his cheeks. Castiel was being...incredibly direct in his feelings with this poem. No wonder Sam choked. Dean felt his entire body burn at the thought of Sam knowing how Cas feels about him. He straightened the book out. A piece of paper slipped out of the book, and he swallowed nervously. The last time he came across a piece of paper, it was Cas answering his poem. He picked it up, and couldn’t hide the rush of emotion he had earlier this morning from his face.
As Cas continued brooding further down the street, just before he hit the tunnels leading to the subway, he felt his phone vibrating in his jeans pocket. Dean was calling him. Cas let out a heavy sigh before answering.
of doing his job. Moreover, Castiel is my best friend and is considered a member of this family. If you insult him, you insult me and by turn, the rest of the Royal family. So, my Lord, I beg you, choose your words wisely.” Dean pulled himself out of his chair, turning to his mother to give a small bow. “Mother, may I be excused a moment?" Mary raised one eyebrow before nodding her consent. Dean turned on his heel, sending a glance towards Cas, before marching himself out of the dining room.
“Whoa, big talk for a guy who fucking leaves all the time,” Dean mumbled. Cas fixed him with a dangerous stare, and Dean smiled sheepishly. “What? It’s true, don’t make promises you can’t keep, angel,”
“Well, I, uh,” He swallowed, rubbing his forefinger over the tracing of the W. “You’re...you know you’re family ‘n all, and you didn’t have a last name, so I just kinda thou―” Cas threw his arms around Dean’s neck and pressed a warm kiss to Dean’s blabbering mouth. When they broke apart, Dean was beaming. “I take it you like that, then?”
The low glow of the room swayed beyond Cas’ eyes, and the lethargy rushed in instantly. Cas crumbled into Dean’s chest. The hunter panted out a breathless laugh.
to him. Everybody knows it. For all his life, his enemies knew Sam was his Achilles’ heel, but since Cas,
“Alright, Cas.” He murmured, watching the shimmering lights. He swore all the stars were blue tonight. This was pure. He was free here where he couldn’t be back home. Perhaps that’s why he felt comfortable resting his head on Cas’ shoulder, felt comfortable admitting to himself he had fallen for the fallen angel. It must’ve happened slowly, but surely, he was inexplicably
“I don’t plan on it, Dean,” Cas was speaking softly again, just like he had that first night they watched the stars together. It tugged at the iron vines grown over Dean’s heart, which startled the hunter.
“Don’t,” Dean warned, before pulling him into what would normally be a bone-crushing hug. He brought his lips to Cas’ ear. “Don’t you
they defy his faith in everything? The stars must be on Lucifer’s side, he thought, as he sobbed his heart out. Broken.
“I think he’s already decided who his favourite is,” Sam huffed, arms full of Miracle's stuff as they walked slowly to the door. Dean gave Sam a tired smile.
that sound. God, that noise used to pull him out of his own bed even when he was only four years old.
“And then we can spend the next three months getting reacquainted,” He grabbed Dean’s left hand before pressed a loud, smacking kiss on his ring finger. “
walking free. Dean wasn’t going to forget the battle to win against him in any kind of hurry. The physical scars from Lucifer’s punches thrown through Sam’s body may have been taken away, but the horror of nearly being killed by his brother’s reluctant hand was going to haunt him until his dying day. There were some things Castiel couldn’t take from him. “I’m scared.”
,” The name send a heady shudder through Dean’s whole body. That’s what Cas only ever called Dean in his dreams. This isn’t a dream, this is reality. Cas knows. Castiel knows, he
“Well,” Cas could tell he’d made Dean uncomfortable. “In any case, you don’t need to worry about me. I’m fine. Can you flip to the page, I think it’s somewhere near the back, about Dad’s experience with that one demon...uh...?”
Dean looked surprised by that, but he still gave Cas a winning smile. He gestured towards the house, and the three of them meandered over the dunes and bluffs towards the rusted door leading home.
“I meant Cas,” Dean shook his head. “Lucifer was never your father, Jack. But Castiel, he―” He blew out a heavy breath, pushing back the tears that wanted to burst free. “God, Jack, he loved you
“He’s doing well. Heaven’s exactly as we wanted it to be. No longer keeping people locked up in the best memories. Everybody’s free to live their best lives. Anything you want, you can produce for yourself. He told me to tell you he says hello, by the way,” He looked off in thought. “So did Mary, Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Ash...”
Hours passed, and there were countless balls of paper resting in his bin before he finally felt like he’d exhausted all the emotion he ever felt about the angel. He read over the poem once more with bleary eyes, allowing himself to feel everything one final time:
“I’m sorry,” Benny murmured as he went to walk past Dean. The hurt bubbled and prickled, driving Dean to do something reckless and stupid. In the cave where he realized he was in love with Cas for the first time, and in full view of the angel in question, Dean reached forth and pulled Benny in for an all-consuming kiss.
“Gee, thanks Cas,” But Dean still stumbled into a chair, glaring between Cas and Sam. His brother gleefully peered at the return addresses from every letter.
“Dean,” Cas spoke again, pressing a cold hand to the prince’s cheek. “I want you to have a shower, okay? I’ll grab you a new set of pj’s, and I’ll also pass a message onto Bobby to get your doctor here. You might have food poisoning,”
“Bye, Mom.” Dean hung up and pressed his face into his phone as he lounged out on his chaise. Cas hadn’t said anything, but he could still feel the man’s eyes on him. Dean tutted before sighing. “You know, sometimes I wish I could just...run away from all this.” He pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling a headache starting up nice and early. They usually don’t come around until after midday, but oh no, today was already shaping up to be a doozy.
“Why are you so interested, though, Mom? Thought you didn’t want any part in the courtship process,”
you said something, because hell, it’s not like I’d ever build up the nerve to make the first move,”
“Jack...” Cas breathed, taking a few steps back and holding out his arms. Jack cautiously wandered into Cas’ room and right into his offered hug. Cas rested his head on top of Jack’s and rubbed what he hoped was a soothing pattern into his back. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Sure thing. Just gonna conk out while there’s a whole swarm of leviathans and vamps just waiting to jump us. Good plan, buddy,” But he was
“I-I deserve your affection,” Dean breathed out, earning him a soothing rub along his burning ass cheek, which only served to make the heat flare.
Pretty soon, Cas realised he was unconsciously looking forward to reading the emails from Dean. They’d been coming in every two or three days for the past seven months. Cas wasn’t quite sure when ‘in case you need to talk’ turned into ‘talk to me about everything’, but he had become dangerously fond of his friend. He can call Dean a friend now since they don’t have any classes. Dean had even tried to organise to catch up once or twice, and Cas only had to cancel the second time because of a faculty meeting. But now it was New Year's Eve, and it hit him like a gale-force wind. He was getting
all those years ago, before circling the third finger. Dean’s litany of positive begging pulled him in. He stretched and scissored his three fingers inside Dean.
deserve this. He swept his hand up from Cas’ shoulder to caress his angel’s cheek, wiping away the drying tears. Before too long, Cas pulled away slowly, like he didn’t want to wake up from the perfect dream. Dean could relate, but he planned on spending the rest of his life proving to himself this was real. They were real.
“Charlie,” Cas stepped in, pouring himself a mug of coffee from the pot on Dean’s coffee table. Dean pulled his legs down to allow Cas to sit on the couch next to him. “Perhaps you’d get better answers from Dean if you asked him after lunch. He’s just woken up, after all,”
“You prefer orchids. Out of all the flowers the Queen put in her garden, you gravitated towards the orchids because they looked close to death,” Cas gave Dean a fond look. “And you nursed them back to health.” Dean chuckled.
“I’m coming with you. Dean will be safe up here, and we’ll only be five minutes, correct?” Benny nodded solemnly. “Then it’s settled,”
“Her Majesty thought it would be prudent to leave the decision entirely up to you, Your Highness,” Arthur spoke through his tightened lips.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbled, and he switched off the alarm on his phone. He gave Cas a watery smile. “Happy New Years, Cas,” Castiel’s eyebrows shot up.
. As soon as the idea was presented to them in the form of a missed period and a heart-stopping pregnancy scare that almost had him reaching for his phone to call Dean, Sam dashed all hopes of having children. He could barely look after himself at that age, let alone someone who would be wholly dependent on him.
“Dean Winchester is dead,” He stated simply. “And besides, the Winchesters mean nothing to me, anymore,”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa now, hey,” Dean pulled Cas in close, holding him so he could feel the warmth from both his skin and Emma’s. “We’re gonna get her outta there, okay? Claire’s gonna be fine, I promise, honey-bee,” He murmured into Cas’ hair. The angel nodded glumly. Emma wriggled into Cas’ arms and pressed both her hands to Cas’ face. Castiel let out a soft laugh. “What’s she saying?”
“So,” He mused, humming as he reached out to rest his hands between the wildflowers. A bee floated over his sun-drenched hand, drunk on pollen. “Perhaps our memories have changed Purgatory, for the better,” The bee settled onto Cas’ hand, nestling into his skin before taking a nap. “At least, this space changed from a good memory,”
It’d been more than a year since Cas’ betrayal, and yet, even in Purgatory, Dean could tell the angel nursed scars from the betrayal. Just like him.
“It’s okay, darling, keep breathing with me. You’re having a panic attack. Are you in a safe space?”
Dean fiddled nervously with his mask. It was a very pretty one―Charlie picked it out, with swirls of blues, pinks and purples. When Dean gave her a raised eyebrow about the colours, she shrugged.
“As do you, my Lord,” His voice came out low and husky. “Dance with me?” Benny’s eyebrows raised in surprise, but he grinned all the same.
He padded softly along the floors of the Bunker, rubbing his eyes as he entered the kitchen. Cas was pouring two large mugs of coffee with a small smile on his face. Sam yawned around a smile as Miracle wandered over to Cas, rubbing his head against the angel’s leg.
After a moment, there was a heavy inhale of air, and Dean lifted his head. They watched the darkness in his eyes fade, and Dean breathed out heavily.
Dean would make his way to Cas’ room, and...then what? The door’s locked. Thwarted by his own forbearance. But, oh, if the door
Dean made sure he remained relaxed in order to get a more accurate feel of the hit. Cas’ hand slapped against his skin with a loud
you know me?” He frowned at his face in the mirror out in his loungeroom. He had bags under his eyes again. Last night he barely slept, and judging from Cas’ worrying glance, his bodyguard was aware of the insomnia. There were no nightmares this time, though, which Dean was taking as a blessing in disguise.
“Yes, Castiel,” The words came out strained, but the euphoria behind the lack of air was beginning to kick in already. Everything was going slightly fuzzy, and Dean could feel the blood in his veins pumping faster, faster, faster...and then Cas slowly released his hand, the rush of adrenaline hit Dean like a sucker punch, and he hadn’t even realised he shut his eyes. Dean let out a low moan. Cas huffed out a low laugh. Dean slowly opened his eyes.
“Sam?” A soft voice called out from the kitchen door. Everybody turned to see Eileen, dressed in one of Sam’s old hoodies and her sleep shorts. She was rubbing her bleary eyes, hair pulled up in a messy half-bun. Dean glanced back at Sam, and couldn’t hold back the malicious grin at the sight of Sam staring at his girlfriend in wonder. Dean kicked his brother’s shin to draw his gaze back and cackled.
“You know what you can do with that ‘sir’ crap, Gabriel,” He pulled a bitchface at his guard, who rolled his eyes. “You two are welcome to join us on the couches. There isn’t an imminent threat,” Gabriel rolled his shoulders, a grin on his face as he galloped over to lounge on Sam’s left. Sam squinted at Cas. “That includes you, Castiel. You are Dean’s friend. Come support him as he decides who to ruin his life with,
“Dean, you’re not in my debt. I hope you’re not going to go out of your way to find a way to repay me for your room or something,”
“Fine,” He mumbled, glancing around for a way to indicate off the highway. “Don’t see how we’re gonna get out and switch though, there’s no stops here,” He eyed the concrete bollards along the side of the road with some suspicion. There was no allowance for them to switch.
“So, apparently this is Charlie’s idea of romance,” Cas murmured, huffing a gentle laugh. “Your Highness, if you wish, I can leave you and Lord Lafitte to enjoy your date on your own,”
“Cas―” His name came out with a whine. Dean was too drunk to hold back from his emotions. He didn’t want this, but the angel was relentless.
“Yes?” There was nothing intrusive about the way Cas’ voice curled like smoke through the phone. Dean suppressed a shiver at the slight growl in his tone. Perhaps hearing Dean again after so many years was affecting him too. Who was Dean kidding? Of
“Honestly, Mother, sometimes I think you care more about my bodyguard than me,” Dean joked, ignoring the mild stab in his confidence. Mary let out a tinkling laugh.
“Hey Cas, you got your ears on?” Dean huffed as he continued walking. “I’m, uh, kinda lost. Alive, no soul-bomb detonation required. But uh, I could probably use some of that holy angel guidance you haven’t given me for a while,” He glanced around, anticipating a shift in space. “So, uh, breaker, breaker?”
“Yes, Uncle Sammy does need Papa’s help. He’s never had to look after a baby before,” Dean smirked over Emma’s head at his brother, who blinked at Dean.
Dean fell to his knees. They failed. He should speak his appreciation for Jack’s attempt, but the flicker of life he had before was snuffed out. He couldn’t do it. He couldn’t even lift his head. They were so close. He was
“You handled yourself very well. Better than I, if the tables were turned,” Dean turned to see Cas’ hardened features, which made him chuckle.
“It’s really me,” He smiled, holding out his hands to gesture towards himself. “Jack told me he didn’t want to hear any more prayers about missing me, because they were making him sad and he didn’t want his family to be sad anymore, so he pulled me from the Empty. Had to make me human to do it, but, yes,” Cas took a gentle step towards Dean. “It’s me,” A shattered look of hesitant hope squirmed forth onto Dean’s face, and Cas thought maybe Dean had taken the time apart to process his parting words to the hunter. Perhaps now Castiel will finally know the warm touch of love from his one and only...
“I’m so sorry, Dean. It was an accident.” Sam held up his hands in defeat. “I’ll clean it, I promise, I-“
“He saw me snuggling you, didn’t he?” Dean felt...well, how did he feel? The image flashed in his mind of a car’s engine attempting to splutter to life, only to accidentally become flooded. Time to open the car hood and give himself time to breathe. He shut his eyes and did just that, tapping his fingers absently on his cheeks. “Alright then,” He opened his eyes to see the angel still giving him that affectionate stare. “What?” Cas shrugged.
of sugar, Jack,” Cas frowned, resting a concerning hand on the boy’s shoulder. Jack turned his beaming smile to Cas, and it washed the frown right from Cas’ face.
. Dean exhaled before sitting up to rub his eyes. A speeding ball of fluff barrelled into his arms and Dean cuddled into Miracle.
“What happened?” He frowned, gesturing for Dean to come inside. As soon as Dean entered, Cas turned the lock on the front door and switched off the porch light. He silently pointed Dean towards his kitchen, where he knew he kept a first aid kit under the sink. Dean glanced around nervously through the house, but he still settled down against the kitchen counter and let Cas fuss over his lip without much complaint. There was a quiet contemplation in his eyes, and Cas didn’t push the man for an answer to his question. He knew he’d get something eventually. As Cas pressed the sealant into Dean’s lip, Dean’s eyes finally met his.
“Sammy’s not entirely Sam just yet, buddy,” Dean gave Jack a comforting shoulder squeeze. “When he is, though, I’m sure Cas can stay here as long as he wants to,” There was a strike of tension in the hunter’s voice, as though he still wasn’t sure if Cas believed his place was right by Dean’s side. Cas waited until he had Dean’s gaze back on him before speaking clearly, enunciating every word.
. I’ll tell you, I’m down for watching either of them,” Benny gave Dean a dazzling smile before turning back to Cas. “And Charlie tells me your favourite movie is
“Oh,” He pretended to think, bringing his finger to his chin to consider. “Well then, I guess I have then, but those won’t do now,”
being the reason Dean was flushed. Oh, and to think of him biting his lip nervously...glancing around, contemplating coming to Cas’ side?
“Over here, Dean,” Cas called from a few paces off to Dean’s left. The hunter tread carefully, making sure not to startle the returning quiet.
, I had an idea to really stir the pot, if you’re up for it,” There was a dangerous gleam in the lord’s eyes.
Dean’s soul froze for a second, before digging into Cas’ grace like he was a man dying of thirst. His body was shining with a thin sheen of sweat, and his soul was overflowing with memory. The heat, the stink, the ash of Hell washed away as he lapped up Castiel’s embrace.
“Sure she does, but who truly understands teenagers these days anyway?” He laughed. “How are you? Claire said you got dinged up pretty good. Cas fixed you up alright?”
“I’m alright, Cas.” But he took hold of Cas’ shoulder anyway. “Just need a minute,” Cas gave him a levelling stare. “Tell me something, anything. Distract me, man, I’m...” Dean took in a deep, heaving breath.
, he really couldn’t care less about some stupid curse. Castiel swallowed every last drop of Dean before standing and giving Dean a warm smile.
“You’ve been controlling yourself around me for twelve years, Dean, what’s a few more minutes?” Cas chuckled darkly, before thrusting his hips sharply, forcing his cock down Dean’s throat until the hunter’s lips kissed his base. He paused just long enough for Dean to force breath into his nose before pulling almost right back out and repeating the motion. Loud moans echoed around the dungeon walls, and Dean only just registered that the moans weren’t
home. The threat to his family made his mouth fill with saliva, all the more to yell and spit and scream at the monster standing there, all smiles. “Big fan,” He approached with his hands exposed, subtly offering up his throat in a display of mild temperament. “I hear if anybody is going to object to my being here, it will be you. So please, allow me to speak my piece before you decide. This is your home, after all,” Dean glared, but gave him a nod to indicate he’s listening.
“Why do you keep calling him that?” Cas frowned, stepping slightly in front of Dean, and angling his blade up from his side. Benny widened his eyes.
But now, standing in his bedroom, he felt a strange nervousness start to hike up his blood pressure. Charlie was right, this is his first time being seen by the public after he announced to the world who he truly is. His imagination ran wild, with imagery of people throwing stones and rotting vegetables all over the castle walls. He shook his head slightly as he stared in the mirror. Don’t be ridiculous, he thought. Besides, security wouldn’t let people in if they had such obvious plans to sabotage him. Everyone had so gracefully welcomed Dean’s honesty with open arms, even members of parliament were sending him congratulatory letters and gifts. He’ll be okay, and even if he isn’t, Castiel would keep him safe.
“C’mere,” He murmured, wrapping the blanket over his right shoulder and pulling it out with his left arm. Cas stared incredulously before letting himself be wrapped into Dean’s arm and the blanket. Warmth flooded his body instantly. “Jesus, you’re like a space heater,”
“And also because I didn’t think you reciprocated,” At that, Dean couldn’t help scoffing, and he heard Benny make a snorting noise too. “Until now,” That shut Dean up. “You changed me, Dean. You said you don’t understand why you get so angry all the time. You think that hate and anger, that’s…that’s what drives you, that’s who you are. It’s not,” A tear rolled down his cheek. “Everything you’ve ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for
“Other than you, Sam and Cas, definitely,” Jack hummed happily, Dean had to bite down on his bottom lip to hide the proud grin on his face. “I don’t think I’ve had a slushie that quickly before,”
“Sam,” Cas waited until Sam raised his eyes back onto him. “I can take you and the car over there, just say the word,”
“Free,” Dean blurted out. His companions both stared curiously at him, but Dean kept his gaze on Cas. “We were free here, away from Chuck’s stupid strings,” He shrugged. “Maybe God doesn’t have much reign here,”
Dean opened his eyes to bright sunlight. He was laying down in a meadow. The hunter pulled himself up slowly, the world spinning as he straightened up. A heavy feeling flooded his chest, and he remembered. He remembered the fight against the vampire mimes, the rusty rebar, and the dying request he made Sam promise to honor. Dean smiled sadly, before tilting his head back to breathe in the fresh air.
“Yes, Your Highness,” Cas his friend became Castiel his bodyguard right before Dean’s eyes, and he instantly missed his best friend. “I believe Her Majesty wishes to go over your plans for this week, and His Royal Highness wants to discuss the tabloid issues regarding their own lists,” Dean caught the slight sparkle in Cas’ eye, and it made him grin.
‘Maybe we should know what Crowley’s headspace has been like the past few weeks before we blindly trust him,
unintentionally training his ears to hear his name spilling from that holy mouth. He smiled earnestly.
“I will. Of course, I will,” Cas considered him seriously. “That was never in doubt, Sam.” With that, he was crushed into Sam’s chest, arms wrapping tightly around his shoulders in what would normally be a bone-cracking hug. Cas knew then, this hug wasn’t between Sam and him. It was between Sam and
“Already knew that,” Benny muttered, and both Bobby and Charlie made loud noises of agreeance. Dean let out a tired sigh before staring at Cas.
?” Castiel’s eyes lit up with intrigue and a shimmer of something darker. His smirk was understated, but the small glimpse Dean got of his canines was enough to send a small tremor in his hand. “I like that. So, Dean,” He swirled his tumbler. “What’s your poison?”
‘Damn fucking straight, lover. Don’t heal that.” He warned, threading his fingers into Cas’ hair before pulling him in for a passionate kiss. He kissed like he wanted to consume Cas whole, and before Cas could try to honestly kiss back, they broke apart, Dean’s hands still threaded into every part of Castiel. Dean smirked. ‘Mine.’ He yanked at Cas’ hair in a way Cas knew it would hurt if he was human. There was a loud cough from down the hall, and Dean rolled his eyes. ‘Let’s go see what His Majesty wants from us, hey, sweetheart?’ Cas glared at the nickname, but he still let the man press a chaste kiss to his lips. ‘Hopefully, we can get a room to ourselves and I can fuck you until I forget she even looked at you,’ He growled. Cas gulped loudly, making Dean chuckle. ‘Would you like that, Castiel?’ The way he said his full name made his grace shiver.
‘Oh no, definitely not. Still itching for blood to be spilled, of course,’  He took a long sip from his glass, lips smacking as he continued. ‘But no, Crowley, I’m not begging for it to be put into my body. You forget, not entirely demon, got my own human blood to satiate that. The Mark needs something stronger, just like I needed something stronger to pull me back from the brink of a murderous rampage.’
“What are you thinking about?” Cas tilted his head ever so slightly. Dean kept his eyes firmly on the coffee stain, but his lips quirked up at the familiar gesture.
“No, it is not,” Mary’s voice was cold, and Dean could hear how very close she was to cracking. She pulled a tabloid up from beside her and practically threw it at Dean’s face. He caught it, frown creasing his forehead as he looked at the front page.
“Please, Castiel, you won’t be intruding,” Benny rested a hand on Cas’ shoulder before turning to Dean. “But I suppose, it is up to you, Your Highness,” Dean took a moment to appreciate how
“Remember your promise, pet?” Cas nipped Dean’s ear, panting out heavy breaths. “You’re not going to come until I let you, and I’m not going to let you yet. However, for your bravery,” Cas pressed his mouth against the side of Dean’s neck, and bit down
Dean glanced up, looking into the pouring sky above, and tried to scream out. He tried to call out for his best friend, his confidant, his savior, his angel. Instead, he saw Jack, standing on the edge of the cliff and smiling down at Dean. Panic ricocheted through Dean’s bones, but he still reached for Jack, silently pleading for help.
“Only about fifty, and most of them revolved around being hot for teacher,” He shook his head. “Honestly, if I didn’t know better, I’d say she’s projecting,”
“My Lady?” Dean queried, gently touching the back of her hand as they enjoyed a brief interlude from the opera show they had attended on Friday night. Cassie’s inquisitive brown eyes lit up, and Dean noticed her cheeks flushed slightly. She had been staring, yet again, at the back of Charlie’s head.
“My name is Dean Winchester,” The hunter nodded, eyes smiling even as his teeth dug into his lips in concentration. “Sam is my brother. Mary Winchester is my mom. And Castiel,” He stopped worrying his bottom lip to beam at the angel. “Castiel is my best friend and my boyfriend,”
‘Dean?’ Cas grabbed Dean by the front of his shirt and pulled him close, so their noses were touching.
“Come on, Sammy. He doesn’t have a name-tag, and besides, you always wanted a dog, remember?” He ruffled the puppy’s head, and Sam let out a sigh.
“Hey, hey, hey, shh,” He whispered, pulling him in tight to his chest so Cas could feel his heartbeat, galloping like a racehorse. “I’m here, I’m alive, I’m okay. We’re okay, Cas,” As his words become softer and softer, the silence wrapped around them like a velvet blanket.
“Morning, chaps,” Mick’s voice was jovial, too chirpy for Dean’s liking. But Sam seems to have taken a real shine to him, so if only for his brother’s sake, he’ll continue to play nice. Dean turned to give Mick a tentative nod. “So, Emma’s discovered a new power, has she?”
‘I’ve got you, Dean,’ He dropped his gaze to his palm pressed flush against Dean’s beating heart. ‘Tell me how long you’ve wanted me, what you’ve thought about doing with me,’ Cas trailed his hand over the hunter’s pectoral muscle, fingers tracing the anti-possession symbol adorning his chest. A light fog seeped into Dean’s mind, but he was determined to do what Cas had asked.
“Not just those, there are also a few smaller ones making the rounds. Hashtag ‘Yass Queen Dean’ and hashtag...um,” Arthur had the fortitude to look slightly mortified, glancing at Castiel.
‘Who the fuck does your brother think he is?’ Dean heard Crowley mutter as he hauled Cas across the main room towards the other room. He heard Sam huff an amused laugh before he threw the door shut behind him, effectively muffling everything except his breathing and Castiel’s trench-coat shuffling awkwardly against his clothes.
“Well, hey, don’t sell yourself short. You’re only twenty-seven, dude. Plenty of time to find yourself a woman,” Dean huffed a laugh. Cas frowned and tilted his head as he gazed at Dean. “What?”
wanted― but hearing those two words directed at him from the only one who had the right to say it sent crackling static through his entire body. Dean felt like he was floating and the only thing holding him on the ground was Castiel’s firm hand in his hair. Castiel made that same pleased noise again, before shuffling around to stand in front of the kneeling hunter. Dean gasped at the sight of him. Castiel was no longer wearing his trench-coat, and he seemed to have traded his white shirt for a silky-looking black shirt that moved with every twitch of his muscles. His tie was held in his free hand, and Dean bit his lip as he stared at the fabric. Castiel freed Dean’s hair from his grip, trailing his hand down to Dean’s cheek. He tightened his grip on Dean’s chin.
“Mornin’ sunshine,” He mumbled out as Cas sat down in front of him, glancing down at the plates of food. “Ya didn’t have to do this,”
“Yeah,” Dean opened his eyes, and together they shared a small smile. “I was, I mean. I,” He exhaled yet again. “Would you read the letter I wrote before you pass it on to Sammy? I know we’re not supposed to reach out to each other but I just thought―”
“I trust you, my love,” He breathed, tilting his head back slightly as he closed his eyes. There was a feeling of a burning knife slicing into his neck, creating a rip in his being for his barely-flickering grace to slip out into the ether. Castiel watched as Dean scooped the shimmering substance into a vial hanging around his neck. He pushed a stopper into place before reaching back to Castiel’s neck. The golden glow settled onto Cas’ skin and made it so his skin had never been broken in the first place. Cas pulled his neck back in time to see Dean smiling wider than he’d ever seen before. The Shadow had reduced itself to a rotting pile of black snakes, slithering and hissing, but never coming close to either Dean or Cas.
I’ll say yes. Now,” He pulled back, cocking up an eyebrow. “I believe you asked to be ‘bound’ before. Is that what you want?” Heat raced through Dean’s entire body so fast, he’s sure Cas noticed the red flush on his skin.
Sam reached out for the letter, reminded of all the years he used to reach out for his brother. Dean would always react accordingly, would wake up from a deep sleep at the slightest touch and call, would fiercely defend Sam over all the mistakes he ever made, would give his own life for Sam’s shot at happiness. Dean gave up his best years, his greatest chances, his everything, just for Sam. His hand shook as he tore open the envelope and flattened out the pages, and he began to read.
“That’s putting it lightly.” Benny murmured, still awestruck. Dean laughed before pulling another sip of water from his bottle. He glanced towards the door and spotted Cas staring straight at Dean through the window, giving him a disbelieving shake of the head.
The room was probably Dean’s least favourite in the entire palace. Mary had redecorated it in a soft pastel pink, which didn’t faze Dean so much. It was the furnishings she added that didn’t sit right with Dean. All of the couches were the type of leather that stuck to your clothes, the floorboards were deliberately creaky so Mary could always know where you were, and the paintings were garish and over-the-top. To make matters worse, she always had that stupid lavender-scented candle burning by her desk. It’s supposed to help people to relax, but Dean tenses every time he smells lavender because of her.
“Marriage takes work, Dean. You are doing this. None of this ‘marry for love’ crap. You are not your brother,” Mary gave Sam a warm smile. “You can marry for love, my dear,”
“Dean,” It was all Castiel could breathe out before Dean pressed his lips on his cock and swallowed him down. The hunter had little experience to draw from, but from Castiel’s point of view, the feeling was beyond anything he could’ve hoped for. The tightness of Dean’s throat around him made Cas’ knees attempt to buckle, so he pressed himself harder into the wall. Dean’s hands came up to latch firmly onto Cas’ ass, massaging the muscle and holding on as he pulled more moans of pleasure from the ex-angel. He could feel his release coming on faster than he anticipated, so Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s hair and gently pulled his face away. “Dean,” He breathed out. The hunter grinned lazily, tongue swooping to lap up the pre-come dribbling from Cas’ dick.
‘And show my hand so soon? Don’t you know me at all, Winchester? I’ll tell you what I will do, though. I’ll give you an address, and we can meet there. You, me, and Moose,’
“So what I don’t get is,” Dean wiped his fingers delicately on the napkin he draped over his lap. He was having breakfast in his room this morning, and Charlie decided it was the perfect time to go over the itinerary with him as he was scoffing down his French toast. “Why do
“No, don’t stress about it, Cas. You should preserve your energy for better things, and besides, you’ve got a sleeping Jack on your shoulder,” Dean chuckled. “Trust me, I’ve got this. Me and Baby need some time together, anyway.” Cas frowned, still not quite understanding the hunter’s unhealthy attachment to his car but nodded anyway. He scooped Jack up into his arms and exited the vehicle quietly, Jack stirring only slightly as the door closed. Cas couldn’t help the rush of accomplishment as he left the garage, child in tow. There’s no way Dean was going to miss the poem. Hopefully, now, it’ll give Dean the burst of encouragement needed to ‘make a move’, as humans so eloquently put it.
“Welcome, Lord Lafitte,” Mary smiled warmly, gesturing to the dining room doors. “Shall we make our way to the dining room?”
“I’m Castiel,” Never before had he spoken his own name with the visceral feeling of having his heart in his throat. “I’m your best friend,” Dean frowned, and the fear dissipated. He was still confused, however.
some coffee, and soon. Otherwise, he was going to turn into a pile of mush and betray all his feelings at once.
‘Add Friend’ in his fright! Dean was going to see the request and think it was weird, it was too much, he’s a stalker, he’s a creep...
The first instance arrived towards the end of the semester when everybody was scrambling to pull together their presentations regarding one of the many stories they’d studied during the course. Castiel had dismissed the class early, in favour of letting them out to enjoy the one nice day of early summer weather they’d had in a while. The sun was shining, but it wasn’t uncomfortably hot, and there were only scattered white clouds floating in the azure sky. Cas cleared off the whiteboard with a small smile on his face when he heard a gentle cough from behind him.
, you were fifteen years old! You weren’t responsible for Dad’s decision to drive off and track you down himself! He should’ve let Bobby handle it!” Sam threw his fork down angrily, and Dean glared as his younger brother stood up. “Honestly, it’s like you said, Dean. It’s been
Dean didn’t trust Michael as far as he could throw him, but the earnest look in the angel’s eyes when he promised to rescue Sam and Eileen from Chuck’s grasp in the casino set the snarling in his chest somewhat at ease.
“That’s an understatement,” He mumbled into Dean’s chest, shaking with Dean as he held back his laughter.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean, Your Highness,” Dean flashed his eyes to Cas, and yep, he had a flicker of a smirk on his face. “Although, I must say, the man has some courage to write that in a letter. Surely, he knows we check all your correspondences,” Dean didn’t know how to respond to that, and Cas straightened his back. “If you have only just gotten to his suggestive words, and you’re not comfortable from his implication of wanting to know what you sound like...” He flickered his gaze to the floor. “Then trust me, it gets a lot more explicit from there. What would you have me do?”
Castiel decided to spend the next hour trying to calm himself down, and the best way he could think of achieving that was to attempt some yoga. One of the rooms the Men of Letters had previously used as a bedroom was emptied of all contents, and Sam had installed soft mats onto the floor. He told Cas it’s where he goes to practice his yoga, and Cas knew everything about the benefits of yoga on the body. So he decided to give it a try. The low lights in the room set off a warm golden glow, and Dean must’ve turned the heat up after lunch because Castiel was sweating again. He shucked off his borrowed t-shirt and pulled his socks and shoes off, standing only clad in Dean’s old grey sweatpants. There was a small hole near the inseam of the left leg, but Castiel still liked it just the same.
“This isn’t real, this isn’t real, this isn’t real,” He murmured, even as The Shadow Dean frowned and licked his lips, flickering his eyes all over Cas’ face.
“I know you will, and it’s one of the many reasons why I love you.” The words rolled off his tongue so easily, it took Cas by surprise. Dean gently pulled on his jacket, bringing their lips together.
‘So, I was thinking,’ He cleared his throat to draw Dean’s attention from the angel yet again. Dean brought his bottle of beer to his lips, glancing at Sam. ‘Maybe we should seek out Cain again, see if he doesn’t know of a way to get rid of the Mark,’ Dean scoffed before draining the last of his drink.
“Aw,” He coughed, ignoring the heavy dribbles on his chin before turning to glare at the witch they’d successfully trapped in her murky abode. “What the
Those were the words Amara said, just before she and Chuck vanished into thin air. Dean stood there, all alone and without a ticking time-bomb inside of him. He blinked slowly, only to find the garden gone. He had been shifted into a thick, wooded area and dropped down like a pin on an unknown map.
don’t answer your drinking buddy, then he’s gonna...’ His face went into immediate bitch-face mode as his phone started ringing. He pulled out his phone, and without even looking at the Call-ID, answered the call. ‘Crowley, surprised you still have this number,’
Cas threw his head into his pillow with a muffled ‘thunk’. He switched his alarms on, plugged his phone on charge, and rolled over to fall asleep. Counting sheep had never been so frustrating, especially since the sheep were looking more and more like green-eyed students that have no business belonging in Castiel’s dreams. Fuck Balthazar very much, indeed.
“Oh, I’m, uh...I’m taking the poetry class this year,” He blinked, and Cas froze. Shit. Shit shit shit shit. “Is that, uh...is that going to make things weird for you?” As Cas’ brain rebooted back up, Dean chewed on his lip. Cas placed his noodle box down on the coffee table.
“I’m afraid you heard correctly, Charlie,” Cas smirked. “Apparently, our crown prince thinks everybody else has to break their back to cater to him,”
“I...” The words began to set in under his skin. Castiel was marking his skin with the words. The crowd surrounding them became slightly rowdier at Dean’s hesitation, and Cas tightened his grip around Dean’s neck. “I am worthy of love,” Cas’ hand loosened, and Dean was rewarded with a gentle swoop of Cas’ grace down and over his skin, leading to press gently against his open hole. He moaned at the sensation, and Dean could hear the smile in Cas’ voice when he spoke next.
Even as a demon, even with his soul twisted and rotted beyond belief by the Mark, Dean still took the time to look at the stars. He always had a brief moment, a
‘Hold up. You said you wanted to kill Abaddon, that’s your first priority, right?’ Crowley rushed out. Sam took hold of Dean’s wrist to stop him hanging up, sharing a conspiratorial look with Dean and Cas.
,” Jack was bopping up and down in the backseat of the Impala three hours later, Cas’ coat draped over his body to keep warm. Being brought back from The Empty left Jack’s powers at a low point. Not entirely gone, but weak enough that he nearly passed as a human for the time being. Dean couldn’t hide the surge of affection on his face at the over-excited puppy look on the kid’s face.
“What do you mean?” He still kept a smile on his face, but he straightened his back and raised his head to look down at Zachariah. The lord’s hand fell from Dean’s shoulder, and he fluttered it around in a dismissive move.
“I assure you, Mr. Winchester, I’ll play nice with you,” A British voice echoed from below, and Dean glanced over the stair barricade to see who he assumed was Mick Davis smiling back up at him. He was less formal than Dean was imagining, with his dark grey slacks and only a white-collar button-up on. The smile on his face looked friendly enough, and there were no weapons anywhere near him. Still, Dean stiffened at the sight of a
“It’s alright, Sam. You don’t have to talk about anything right now, if you don’t want to,” She pulled back enough to see Sam’s face. He knew the tears were still flowing freely, dampening his shirt. “How about some food? I can probably make some eggs, bacon, toast?” Sam blinked slowly.
The third time was painfully different. There was a distance between them. Dean longed to reach out and hold the angel, but everything between was shipwrecked. Anger swarmed his head as he looked at Castiel, but his forlorn gaze almost gave Dean pause.
“He’s not, Your Highness,” Charlie smiled at Sam. Dean flipped to the next page. “He’s pansexual, and he put in a request personally,”
The loud gulping noise from Dean’s throat was nearly comical, and Cas had to bring his gaze back to his pancakes to keep from smirking. The only sound that could be heard for a while was the scraping of cutlery on plates, and Miracle’s gentle little noises asking for scraps. He got so insistent, Dean had to get up and fill his bowl of dog kibble just to distract him from the plate of bacon.
“How did that happen, do you think?” Dean knocked his boot against the corpse of the strange alien-like snake Benny had gutted.
“I know,” He pressed a gentle kiss onto Dean’s nose. Dean blinked rapidly, before letting out a giggle. “Yes?”
“So, Balthazar...” Dean ran his finger over the rim of his glass, pushing the salt into his drink. Cas cocked an eyebrow.
‘No,’ Dean scoffed, twitching slightly. Sam raised an eyebrow. ‘Wasn’t like Thelma and Louise, and wasn’t a fucking duckling thing, come on. It was more like...’ He frowned as Sam smirked insistently. ‘Shut up. He was scrambling for some quality Winchester brother time, and I didn’t exactly give up the goods, probably strung him along a little too much. Not that he didn’t deserve it, either,’ Dean smirked. His phone started vibrating, and he rolled his eyes as the Call-ID popped up. ‘Speak of the...well,’ He chuckled, placing his phone on the table and giving a dirty look.
what you want, boy. Ask and ye shall receive. Do you understand?” A heavy feeling broiled in Dean’s gut. “I know it’s going to be difficult for you, but that is my only stipulation. I will give you
Dean’s dress shoes clicked loudly on the marble flooring, and the prince marvelled quietly at the modern art spread sparsely on the white walls. Everything about the rooms as they walked through the manor screamed ‘Beach!’, from the light blue and white colour scheme to the nautical-themed accessories hanging through the rooms. A large, rusted iron anchor leaning against wood slats that made up a bookcase in the main lounge room, old rowing oars hanging above the patio doors, crab traps repurposed into outdoor lights hanging from the ceiling of the outdoor patio where...oh, the manor was built on the river flowing to the ocean. The patio had been dressed to the nines, with a banquet of assorted finger foods and chilled wines set out on a table in the shade. Dean grinned as they stepped outside, glancing back at Charlie and Cas. Charlie looked just as thrilled as Dean felt, but Cas looked alarmed.
“Dean.” His voice was grounding, as always. The touch of his hand on Dean’s shoulder pulled him to a complete stop, and it was only his fingertips. Cas rounded to face Dean, face drawn sombrely.
burn my handprint into your shoulder and your soul when we first met. Your soul harbours small slivers of my grace like my grace holds tiny fragments of your soul. We are quite literally
“I...um...I had a nightmare,” Jack mumbled, and Cas ached at how small and frightened he sounded. He unlocked the door and ripped it open. Jack looked pale, and his eyes were red like he’d been crying.
“Dean, he probably has owners,” Sam sounded as tired as Dean felt. The older hunter glanced around and didn’t find anyone running to claim the dog.
“Do you want my cock, boy?” He pulled his fingers free from Dean’s lips, a string of saliva glistening from his middle finger to his lips. Dean moaned loudly at the instant emptiness. “Do you want me to fill you up with something better than my fingers, Dean?” Tears sprung up in Dean’s eyes as he felt the spell ramp up his desperation, and he straight-up
“Dean,” Cas started, trepidation wrapping its jaws around his heart. The awkward lodging of it in his fear’s throat caused his heart to throb as the terror choked, and his neck pulsed in sympathy.
“Good morning, sir,” Castiel gave him a cordial smile from his bedroom door. Dean made a non-committal noise, blearily rubbing his eyes. “I organised for your breakfast to be sent to your room today, so we can go over your expectations from me for tonight,”
“How about this one? It’s not Shakespeare, but it is a favourite of mine,” He mused, before drawing in a breath and reciting slowly:
“Yes?” Cas was by his side in an instant with a tea towel hanging off his shoulder, smiling down at their child.
“How about you make me a drink?” He breathed out slowly, strength coming back to his voice. “Just stay until tomorrow, and then we’ll figure it out from there, but I―” A tremble overcame him again as the angel pierced him with his gaze. God, he never wanted anybody else to touch him, ever again. He hoped none of his angel friends ever knew the touch of Castiel, and that they never get the chance to. This is his opportunity to take, for the first time in his life, and
“Dean,” Cas breathed past his ear. Dean patted the angel’s back, but Cas refused to let him go quickly. In this space, where nobody could see them, Dean softened completely. He pressed his face into the side of Castiel’s head and brought his hand up to run his fingers through his hair.
,” Dean felt his hands shake, so he closed his eyes. “I thought those walls were mine, but they were Chuck’s. He was...he silenced me. Used the figure of my dad and others to strike fear in my heart over who I loved, what I felt for you.” He drew in a deep breath and opened his eyes to see Cas’ ever-steady gaze. “And he tried to erase you, but Jack...” Cas licked his bottom lip before he spoke.
Castiel is a collection of stars and atoms and rebellion, sewn together to make up a celestial being so daring and loving, and he chose
‘Okay,’ Cas hadn’t realised he had spoken until Dean pulled back with a small smile. He let go of Cas, fixing up the angel’s tie.
didn’t want to. “You’ve spent your entire life putting Sam first, haven’t you? Even when your brother was away from you, still you kept tabs on him from afar. Quiet enough so your father wouldn’t know, but still. You barely remember a world without your brother by your side, or at least, somewhere you can reach,”
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” There was the smallest of smiles tucked in the far corners of Castiel’s lips, and it softened Dean some. “Jimmy is well. He’s not as passive as I once had him. He...he wants to tell you he truly does appreciate what you’re doing,”
“But you appreciate it anyway,” Cas ran his fingers slowly up and down Dean’s arm, noting the slowness of the hunter’s breathing. “You should get some sleep, Dean,” He pressed a soothing kiss onto the top of the protesting man’s head. “I’ll still be here when you wake. Thought I made that clear. Never going to leave you without you knowing anymore. I love you.”
sprawl out naked on top of your duvet during summer, and in the winter, you either sleep in a matching pyjama set
“This house was the final thing my father gifted me before he died,” Cas sighed, bringing his hand to his neck. “The intention was for me to use the old family house for my future family, but it’s been ten years since he passed, and I’ve yet to do so,”
“Dean,” He tried again, but Dean continued nervously fiddling and keeping his gaze away from Cas. “Look at me.” Cas couldn’t help the crack in his voice, and it’s what attracted Dean’s gaze to his eyes, finally. “Dean,” He slowly made his way towards the hunter, but when he noticed he wasn’t meeting timid movements anymore, Cas picked up his pace until he was standing in front of Dean.
“No, don’t worry about it, man. I just told Dean I’m tired from interviewing all day, and he didn’t question it. Probably won’t be back for a few hours. What’s up?”
,” And he fell quiet, content to continue breathing slowly as Cas thumbed along his jawline. “Jack loves you more than most. When a child adores their parent and decides to see beyond their history and choose the path of forgiveness without a second glance, it births one of the most outwardly powerful and inwardly delicate forms of pure love Heaven could ever be blessed to witness,” The look of awe on Dean’s face told Cas everything. “Jack would do anything for you and Sam, and that includes bending his own restrictions. He loves you,” The silence shared between them was fraught, but not with negative tension like the past. Dean’s eyes were shining, and Cas could feel his own eyes warming with happiness.
‘But you’re...huh?’ Sam stood up, making his way to stand behind Cas. Dean watched him, dropping his gaze to Cas.
He didn’t know which room to go in. The kitchen was still too exposed to everybody else, what with Donna and Jody bustling in and out with more food for the tables. So that was a no. The dungeon where he last saw Cas left him too haunted and terrified to go back. So that was a no, too. Cas’ room wasn’t
‘Cas,’ Dean peered into Cas’ nervous eyes, the smallest smile on his face. ‘How are you sure that worked?’ Cas frowned.
“He’s very attached to you,” Cas observed. Dean chuckled as he leaned down to ruffle Miracle’s fur before walking back to the table.
“Yes, darling?” Cas murmured into his skin, and a soft moan escaped Dean’s lips. Damn him. “Are you okay, Dean? Your heart rate is erratic,” If Dean was anybody else, he would’ve thought Cas was seriously concerned about the beats of his heart. But the hunter could see the mirth in the angel’s eyes, and the slight quiver in his concerned frown.
“Close your mouth when you’re eating, Jack,” Dean frowned, before letting out a sigh. What was he going to do? No more apocalypses―
This made a deep frown crease Cas’ forehead as the memory of the nightmare played out in the back of Sam’s mind, in high definition for the angel to see. A part of Sam wanted to reach out to flatten the frown out because he didn’t deserve Cas’ concern. He was an abomination― the angel had said it himself once upon a time.
“I missed you,” The words came out in a choked breath, and Cas pressed his lips into Dean’s skin before releasing one arm from around the younger man to close his condo door. “I...I shouldn’t have left you, sir. I―”
“Good morning,” He leaned up slightly to press a warm kiss on Dean’s nose, and the hunter felt a blush rise to his cheeks. Cas brought his hand to Dean’s reddened face and pulled him in for a kiss. Oh, this is something Dean could
“You,” He took in a deep breath as his tears made themselves acquainted with his cheeks. “You can stay if you―” He tried another slow breath, and looked into the angel’s eyes. “Stay, please.”
“Castiel’s different.” The response was automatic, something he’d said a thousand times before, but that doesn’t mean the pain behind his words stop cutting any deeper.
leave your side. You can keep me as your friend, you can keep me as your lover, whatever you decide. The only thing you cannot decide is my place in Emma’s life. I am her father, just as you, and I will not leave her, and I will not leave you.”
Dean, Cas, and Benny swerved to face the dark side of the cave, where the lithe body of Meg Masters stood patiently, arms crossed with a smirk of righteous fury.
“Just like it’s dangerous to know you like your eggs poached, on the runny side, with bacon and cooked tomatoes? Like it’s dangerous to know you have your coffee extra strong with a teaspoon of that fancy honey you buy from the farmer’s market? Like it’s dangerous to know you sleep in nothing but boxers
“Put it on speaker,” He murmured. Mick went to speak, but Dean gestured for him to be quiet. Cas started dialing and pressed the button for loud-speaker.
“Cas, no―” That was all Dean managed to get out. The gentle push of the angel’s lips embraced Dean’s, and the hunter melted into Castiel’s embrace. Cas didn’t let up, kissing in small movements, tongue lightly running along the bottom of Dean’s mouth but never yielding further in their exploration. When they broke apart, Cas pressed his forehead against Dean’s.
“Book con. Apparently they’re a big important thing here in New York too, not just everywhere else in America,” Dean cringed at his attempt to make things light because he knew Cas won’t care about that. He never cared much for small talk, even when they first met. It was like trying to converse with a concrete wall at the beginning of their friendship until Dean had accidentally opened up to him about his past. That made Cas crash into him like a wave, and ever since, Dean had tried his hardest to stay in the deep with him, but sometimes he gets tired of treading water.
, at least. This is going to affect everyone, not just Heaven, not just Hell. Their daughter is going to bring about the pure destruction of the paradise of Heaven, the pain of Hell, and the purification of Purgatory.” A choking noise came from the demon, and Crowley swirled around as his prisoner died away.
“What are you talking about?” Cas’ voice came closer, but Dean could tell he wasn’t close enough to peer at the stranger’s face.
side, dickwad. When our interests come together, you come to us, but otherwise, you don’t care. Or at least,’ Dean laughed, and the sound was so cold and empty, Sam couldn’t stop the knife in his hand from twitching. ‘That’s what you were like before Sammy got you jonesing for blood,’ He traipsed over to the whiskey cabinet off to the side of the War Room, silently gesturing to Sam and Cas. They shook their heads, and Dean poured a few fingers of whiskey into a tumbler before making his way back to the table.
,” Castiel breathed. “Touch me, Dean. Whatever you want.” Dean brought his hands onto Castiel’s sharp hipbones, dragging his hands across the lace before cupping Cas’ leaking cock. The lace shifted ever more, and the angel spilled out of the panties almost entirely. Dean licked his lips hungrily at the sight of his cock on display, just for him. All for him. “Open your mouth, boy,” The hunter followed the order eagerly, and Castiel brought his hands to the back of Dean’s head, and Dean felt the hand-warmed fabric of Cas’ tie loop around his throat. “You look so beautiful like this, all for me. All mine,” There was a slight tug in his hair and around his throat and before he knew it, Dean had the head of Castiel’s cock pressing against his lips.
“Oh no, you better not drool on me, I plan on wearing this shirt to dinner with my family tonight,” Benny tutted. “Drool on your boy
“Yes, I remember that,” Cas tilted his head curiously, and Dean grinned before taking hold of Cas’ shoulders and pressing him roughly up against the bare wall behind him. “
“Don’t be stupid, Dean. She’s your Baby. She deserves to be housed properly,” Cas smiled at him, but his stomach dropped as he noticed the dark shading colouring Dean’s face. “Dean.”
“Wha-“ Sam’s hazel eyes went wide as he took in the bundle Dean carried. Emma pressed her warm hands against Dean’s chest, glancing curiously between the two brothers. Dean continued to tremble. “Who is this?” Jesus, he’s coming closer. Dean’s heart was pounding, forcing his throat into a tight vice-grip.
“Faster, more, please,” Those three words, on repeat, even as Cas picked up the pace. Together they started to tremble, both moving with synchronicity. Dean broke first, calling out Cas’ name as he came across both their chests, body tightening around Cas, pulling out the angel’s orgasm. They still held hands as they came down from their high together, chasing lost breaths. Cas pulled out, and before Dean even considered the mess on their bodies, the angel had already cleared it away with a simple head tilt. They shared a satiated grin as Cas laid down next to Dean, wrapping their arms around each other. Dean didn’t feel the need to break the peace between them, happy to bask in the afterglow of the best sex he’d had in...he couldn’t recall an exact time, so he was going to say ‘forever’. Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s temple.
“Sorry, Mom,” He approached her to kiss her on the cheek before taking a seat on the couch next to his nervous-looking brother. Sam was only a few years younger than Dean, but at first glance, anybody would think Sam was older. He towered over Dean now, and Dean hated it. “Parliament ran longer than expected. Is everything okay?” A weighted silence settled over the room, and Dean glanced between Sam, Mary and Mary’s Chief of Staff, Arthur. Sam and Arthur gave Dean worried looks, but Mary looked like she was close to screaming bloody murder.
?” He started to pace, and Dean felt a hot-blooded anger course through him as he remembered. Of course, Dad never did anything to
“I think you’re good and ready for the next stage, boy, what do you think?” Cas raised his eyebrow again, momentarily tightening his grace
“And what? He can’t do a little bit of research before he tried to woo me?” Dean crossed his arms. “I
“Oh, I loved that daydream, Dean,” Cas moaned. “That was one of your first ones, wasn’t it? The first one you actively thought about in your waking hours, I mean,” Stupid fucker still sounded way too
“I, uh,” Dean cleared his throat, and Cas turned to see him rubbing his face nervously. “I think I carved that when I was drunk, the heart I mean. After I carved you and Jack into the table, Sam and I just sat here and we saluted the ones we’d lost. I kinda got a bit drunk after that and carved that,” He tapped on the heart three times, in perfect time to the beating of Castiel’s heart.
Dean flicked his tongue against the slit and moaned at the salty taste of the angel’s precum in his mouth. He suckled around the head slowly, allowing his jaw to loosen up. Castiel let out soft breaths, hands still gripping his hand and the tie tight enough for Dean to remain aware of it. The pain wasn’t intrusive for him, in fact, he relished in it. As he began to consume more of Cas’ cock, Dean noticed there was a strange sensation running up and down his spine. It was something akin to a limb, but cold enough to feel hot, stroking up and down from the back of his head right down to his tailbone.
"Sorry, Cas. Not very focused. What else is on the agenda today?” He grabbed a bottle of water and cracked it open.
“Thank you, Dean. Are you ready, or do you want a few more minutes?” He considered his watch. “Her Majesty will only give us a scathing look if we show up five minutes late, but any more than that, and I can’t protect you,”
,’ The words came out in a whisper, a shameful secret buried six feet under and clawing their way out of the grave. ‘I want you desperate, I want you needy, I want you begging on hands and knees for me,’ Cas’ breathing became erratic as he started to talk. ‘But I also want you warm, I want you pliant, I want you holding on to me for dear life,’ He licked his lips as he walked backwards, pulling Dean along for the ride. Dean started to get with the program, unbuckling his belt and letting his jeans cascade to the floor. ‘I want to fuck you until you all you remember is my name, and I want you to make love to me until the world burns to the ground,’ Dean kicked off his boots and yanked his underwear off as Cas ripped the hunter’s shirt over his head.
They’d been quite successful with the flowerbeds Cas decided to grow. It had made him hungry for more, and so more he did. Dean always called him a "green hand" because, according to him, ‘a "green thumb" just isn’t a strong enough word for what you are, buddy’. But, it was because of that "green hand", they now had a fully functioning vegetable garden, an herb garden, and various plants growing all around the roof. Dean cracked a joke one time that he could’ve sworn the floor and railings were blue at one point. Now, you’d be lucky to see a crack of blue-painted cement underneath the mossy overgrowth of Cas’ obsession.
“Sure,” Cas mumbled, apprehensive. Dean cracked a smile, and it twisted like a spur into Cas’ heart. The wound was a familiar one, though, so he barely even winced at the pain. Dean held out his hand, and Cas frowned. He glanced down to see he was still holding Dean’s fresh mug of coffee, so he passed the mug off. Dean chuckled lightly, before passing the mug off to his other hand and holding the same hand out again. “Dean?”
“You’re right. You’re always right,” He glanced down at Cas’ backwards tie, to try and quell the emotional overflow happening in his heart. “I gotta tell you something, and if I don’t say it right now, I’m going to probably collapse in on myself and nobody wants to see that, least of all, you,” Dean cracked a small smile at the curious head tilt Cas gave him. “When you...” He took in a deep breath.
“Well,” Rowena leaned against the open doorway, arms crossed. “Perhaps we should send the new parents a gift basket for their new bouncing bundle of joy,” She pressed her hand to her chest. “Dean’s probably terrified, being a new father and all,”
“Can you give him a hug from me? And just tell him,” He took in a trembling breath. “Tell him I’m getting there. Tell him I miss him. Tell him―”
“Noted,” His gravelly voice cracked ever so slightly, earning him a subtle head-shake from Sam. The hunter went back to his coffee, slowly sipping as Miracle came back to sit and beg Sam for breakfast. “Don’t let his whines fool you, I fed him earlier. Speaking of food, though,” He gestured to the kitchen island, where a plate of pizza sat. “I reheated some leftovers from Eileen’s visit. Hungry?” The answering stomach growl from Sam’s body was answer enough, and together they chuckled softly.
you when you first met, but Dean, never thought you’d have the nerve to mark up an angel,” He smirked. “And I’ll bet my laptop
“Think I should head back and watch Benny grovel and apologise?” The question was useless because they both knew the answer was
‘Metatron still got your grace?’ Dean smirked, flicking his tongue out to run along the jugular vein. Cas trembled, and it made Dean
“We can work our way to that, maybe later,” Dean felt the man press a kiss to his temple, trailing to his cheekbones, and Dean didn’t even realize his head was being tilted up so Cas could continue his ministrations down his neck. “Come with me, you’re already slipping into subspace, want to make sure you’re on the bed,”
Would’ve been better if it was Led Zeppelin, but Dean ignored that small voice in the back of his head. He shouldn’t be so picky; he should be thankful. This was
“Welcome, Your Highness, to Lafitte Manor,” Benny gestured to the estate behind him. Dean gave him a generous bow back, reaching out for the man. Benny took Dean’s hand and pressed his lips to the back of Dean’s hand. “I hope you’re prepared for a day down on the docks,
A dark snarl sat deep in Dean’s chest as he watched the woman find an excuse to stand next to Castiel, her hand still a respectable distance away. But it was still too close for Dean’s comfort. Cas kept his gaze on Dean, an eyebrow quiver the only way to tell he knew something was up with the hunter. When they made their way down the corridor, Cas fell in step with Dean, letting Sam fall up ahead to follow the woman towards their room.
“Just to be sure, though, we’ll go over everything,” He pulled the door open slightly, his smile softening to a more friendly expression. “Your coffee’s waiting, Dean.” He felt his heart quicken as he remembered the smile Dream-Cas gave him, and the words he murmured in his ear. Nightmares were a regular occurrence for the prince, but he’s usually woken by Castiel before they escalate. But this time...it didn’t escalate. Dean shook himself as he stretched. Oh well, it’s probably nothing to worry about, he thought.
“I,” A shuddering breath caressed Dean’s neck. “I thought you were dead. We― Sam and I, we both thought―”
“Yeah, I get it. It’s like, as a human, you have all the knowledge, but none of the experience, yeah?”
He was always right, even when Castiel truly believed he was wrong. But he could never bring himself to fight with his best friend about anything. Except this.
“Cas?” Sam’s voice sounded hesitant like it wasn’t the first time he had called the angel’s name. Cas pulled away from his thoughts and focused on the Winchester. “You alright?”
Before his brain could think of a reason to fight it, Dean felt Cas’ arm wrap around him and he just...let it happen. Cas must’ve been doing something with his angel mojo because Dean could feel his attention drifting like a cloud on a lazy summer’s day, basking in the warm feeling of
“Alrighty then, I’m gonna make myself scarce,” Sam averted his gaze, a nervous twitch in his hands. “Eileen said she wanted to spend the weekend visiting Waconda Lake, so I might just get a head-start on the getaway.” With that, he gave Cas an awkward salute and waltzed out the door.
He decided to take a break and jump onto Facebook, where he saw three messages from Dean. Letting out a heavy sigh, he clicked on the blinking box.
” Dean felt a new wave of heat swallow him up as the term echoed in his head. From Castiel’s heavy exhale, and proud smile, he could tell it was something Cas was waiting to hear. That icy-hot tendril of grace pressed against his greedy hole, and before Dean knew it, he was being slowly fucked open by Castiel,
how he meant his confession to go. Good going, Castiel. Ask the man for help, then insult him by degrading your friendship to him.
“Thrilling, I’m sure. She’s probably wanting me to add a few fifty or so stupid members of Parliament since I am to be King one day, and it’s ‘the right thing to do’,” Dean rolled his eyes, and Cas made a tutting noise.
“Alright, alright,” Dean smirked. “We get it, people are suckers for that bodyguard-falling-for-his-charge trope,”
only gave Cas those hickeys because you saw him dressed in your clothes. Am I right?” Dean stared, aghast.
A shuddering, high-pitched whistle rocked through the room, and Cas pulled himself up to bury his face into Dean’s shoulder as he came, filling Dean up completely. Their eyes met, Cas’ white-blue into Dean’s almost black, and a white-hot rush of devotion flowed through Cas’ grace right into Dean’s soul. Everything around Dean was spinning out― the lights in the room had completely blown, the pillows were covered in black feathers, and Dean could feel deep scratches down his back. He didn’t even notice how
. Dean, I could see past the curvatures Hell formed within you, and I could see past the scars you made yourself. Your soul, even in its’ torment, and even in its’ brokenness, is
“Possibly,” Sam murmured. “But there have been other instances over the years. Also, not to mention, you two
The one time Dean almost succumbed to his emotions was when he and Cas were on equal footing. Together they shared a breath, and Dean wanted to close the gap between them because he
“You’re asking the impossible of me, Dean,” He sighed, still maneuvering Dean back towards his room. Doors swung open without anybody lifting fingers, and the hunter found himself falling into his memory foam bed. “Just let me be here for you,”
heal me, somewhat,’ Dean’s eyes flickered back to green, gripping Cas’ hands. Cas didn’t fight, which intrigued the hunter. ‘I’m me again, not the homicidal maniac you saw before...but,’ He shrugged. ‘The Mark doesn’t want to let go of that demonic energy entirely. Human enough to break through devil's traps, demon enough to not give a fuck,’
'"Best friend"? Wow, Sam. I think that might be the biggest lie you've said in the past ten seconds,'
“Oh, so Jimmy agrees with you that I should sacrifice my free will to bow down to you asshats?” He rolled his eyes.
of his ex-student, and it was interrupting his dating life. Instead of going out bar-hopping with his work husband, Balthazar, Cas was lounging on his couch at 10 pm, curled up in his old favourite cardigan, sipping hot toddy and waiting for Dean to send through his email.
“Oh,” He breathed out. “I heard you, Cas. Your words came through to me, loud and clear. All these years of my life, you were right, I spent believing I was everything you told me I wasn’t. Cas, in,” He licked his lips, words trying to choke in his throat. He had to keep going. “You undid
Right up until the week before the university was coming back, Dean would crash at Cas’ whenever he got the chance. To begin with, Dean would use a whole lot of different excuses.
“’Nothing’?” Dean felt an accelerated rhythm pick up in his chest. Benny flashed an apologetic look towards Dean.
“My God, I’m already regretting this,” Dean mumbled. Cas clicked the remote, and soon enough, the screen was playing the opening scene of
“I know what you mean, Dean,” Cas smiled. “What do you remember?” He brought his hand to hold the hand on his cheek. Dean’s soul sparkled like a firework as their skin touched, reaching, reaching, reaching for his grace. Castiel wondered, for the thousandth time, what would happen if he reached back. Even though his superiors were dead and gone, he could still hear their furtive whispers in his head.
“Of course I do,” She smiled at Dean before pressing a gentle kiss to his cheek. “There is a chance this man might be my new son-in-law. I want to make a good impression,”
Dean shuddered and forced his eyes shut to hold back tears, refusing to see further into his memories. His father can’t hurt him anymore. John Winchester was dead and gone. He had no way of reaching him anymore.
“What do you want, Dean? And please, before you answer, I beg of you, don’t kick me while I’m down,” He pinched the bridge of his nose, already anticipating a headache.
“I know Amara thought she was doing something wonderful for you, for the both of us,” Cas corrected himself instantly, still running his thumb gently through Emma’s hair. “But she
“Cas,” Dean breathed like a prayer, and the angel brought his face up to look Dean in the eye, smiling widely. “I love you,” The reverence never left his voice, and Dean reached out to lock his hands with Cas’. “I love you so much.”
“He called me the same.” With those words, Cas couldn’t hide the anger on his face. He knew Dean caught the change in his face. “And I guess, he’s right. I’m...I...I’m not straight, Cas. I’m bisexual.”
“We don’t have to use a safe word system, if you trust me completely and you know that I’m listening to your prayers,”
“Nonsense, Dean,” Cas smiled as he started to tuck into the food with relish. “I woke up early, and I wanted pancakes. You taught me how to make them for Jack that one time and I figured you’d want some too,” He stabbed into a mix of bacon and pancake before scooping it into his mouth. Dean blinked and stared at Cas’ mouth as a drip of maple syrup ran past his lips, slowly cascading down his chin. Cas collected the drip with the pad of his thumb before sucking up the sweet nectar, not removing his gaze from Dean’s.
“No, it was just a meet-and-greet at a public garden,” He rolled his eyes. “Honestly, I’m not feeling up to anything public today,”
“I’m super. Let’s get in. Hopefully, Benny will tell us more about Purgatory Bizarro-World, and we can get the hell outta here.” He tried to crack a smile, but it felt like a grimace of pain even in his denial. Cas’ lips flattened in disapproval before he followed Dean into the large crack between two jasper and graphite-filled rocks the height of Sam standing on the Impala’s roof.
“I’ve been doing well, what about yourself, you old recluse? A little birdie told me you’ve got yourself a handsome morsel trapped in there with you,”
‘Crowley’s right, Sam, but not quite.’ Dean sighed, glancing around nervously. He eyed the whiskey off to the wall behind his brother. Now he considered it, he
“Try being honest with him, and spare no detail,” Jack gave him a small wave. “I promise you, I’m not like Chuck, I won’t listen in.” Dean reached up and ruffled his hair before quietly slipping away.
“No, you don’t,” Dean frowned, and there was a flush in his cheeks that looked so lovely, offset the freckles on his face so well, that Cas momentarily forgot what Dean said. He met Dean’s expectant gaze, and it clicked.
“Uh. Yeah, um,” He continued to stare dumbly until Cas straightened up. Dean realized he was staring, and firmly looked into Cas’ eyes, blinking rapidly. “What, er, what’re you doin’?”
“Emma’s doing well. She’s babbling at your brother in the kitchen. Sam’s struggling to figure out the baby formula, so he’s Googling it,”
“Good morning, everybody. Hope it’s not too warm for you. That sun is heating us up, isn’t it?” This was good, Arthur had told him. Keep the conversation light in the beginning, before giving them the reason behind the press conference. “I’m excited for the Summer Solstice masquerade ball we’re throwing to raise funds for charities each member of the family holds dear to their heart. I’m excited to announce my charity of choice is The Trevor Project, a national organisation providing crisis intervention and suicide prevention for LGBTQIA+ youth,” Dean paused as the crowd roared with applause, and it made him smile to see how much approval he was garnering. “I have many friends and allies who are a part of the LGBTQIA+ community who have benefited from The Trevor Project, and,” He took in a quick breath, and he didn’t even have to look to know Cas was shuffling himself closer to Dean, ready for anything. He held a real smile at the unswerving loyalty. “As a bisexual man myself, the charity means a great deal to me.” There was a brief pause as the crowd absorbed what Dean said, and once it settled, the roars of approval cascaded all through the castle grounds. Tears rose to Dean’s eyes, but he controlled himself enough to hold them back, grinning widely. The crowd started to settle, and Dean took the opportunity to thank them.
“Okay, Sam. Thank you.” Cas smiled. They both bid their goodbyes, and Cas hung up. Biting his lip, Cas made his way back to Dean’s room, sat down at the desk and wrote out everything he was feeling. He decided on the title ‘The Seraph’s Prayer’. Seemed fitting against Dean’s title.
“But you wouldn’t worry too much if Viscount Shurley’s invitation got lost in the mail, would you, Novak?” Dean smirked at Cas' answering silence, giving Head of Security, Bobby, a nod as he continued walking towards his mother’s Tea Room. He knew she’d be there. She always is when she wanted to talk to him. He ignored the great paintings of past kings and queens dressing the main hall as they slowly made their way into the Tea Room.
the King of Hell? What, was it like some sort of demonic duckling thing? He was there when you woke up, and you just felt...attached to him?’
” Cas frowned, but he couldn’t help turning his hand to cup Dean’s cheek. The hunter gazed back at Cas, his lips in that same carefree smile Castiel could not recognize but had already fallen for. Just like he’d fallen for everything else about Dean. Wholly and completely.
where to draw power from. When you were practicing witchcraft, it was from your own strength and knowledge, no inherent curse from the war between angels and demons. That was all you,” The angel’s smile was small, but to Sam, it was blinding all the same. “Regardless of Chuck’s string-pulling, that was your choice. You don’t have to return to it, but it might help you to reach out to Rowena, maybe see what she thinks. Of course, if you don’t want to do that, that’s completely fine. You can do anything you want to. This is your life, Sam, and you can finally choose what you want to do with it,”
entertain the idea of taking your car off the road and into the ocean?” Dean clenched his jaw. “I thought not. So, if you don’t mind, I think I’ll spend some time with you until you’re less of a flight risk,”
“I am proud of who I am,” He wasn’t lying, either. Dean was liking the man he was becoming with freedom at his fingertips. With Castiel at his fingertips. The angel let out a noise akin to a cry, but Dean could tell, from his gentle touches and cool grace washing over him, he was proud of Dean.
“Feels good, Castiel,” The use of Cas’ full name sounded strange on the tongue, but he could see the gleam of pride in the angel’s eyes at the sound of his full name falling from his lips, so he wasn’t going to stop. “So, you know
to suck your cock,” He met Cas’ burning gaze. The angel brought the hand holding the tie to Dean’s face, caressing the skin. Dean leaned into the touch, feeling his ribcage tremble at the gentleness. “Please, Castiel,” He wasn’t above playing into his desperation, peering up through his eyelashes. He knew he had the angel when Castiel licked his lips, bringing his spit-slick hand to his belt. Dean kept his gaze on Castiel’s eyes as the noise of his belt and pants fell against the floor, but he had to take a peek. He couldn’t help himself. Castiel stood there, in just his silk shirt and... “Are those
kickstarted a new roll of fears. Fears of himself being too overbearing, fears of Emma learning how to drive and
He snuck off to his bedroom and settled down onto his duvet. You can do this, Winchester. Cas told you which poem was his favourite just...open the book. He let out a shaky breath before flipping the book open, scanning the contents page for Sonnet 57. Once he found it, the pages fluttered loudly in the silent room until he found it and began to read.
“So, what are you teaching this year?” Dean scooped his Mushu pork into his mouth with a fork. They were perched on Cas’ lounge room couch, with some old Western playing on the TV, but both Dean and Cas have watched it together before. It was another thing Dean yelled at Cas for having not watched, and he had rectified it quickly. Cas enjoyed the movie, but he wasn’t too sure how much of his reason for enjoying the film stemmed from the actual movie itself, or the fact Dean had fallen asleep on Cas’ shoulder and snuggled into his chest as the credits rolled.
The main dining room was usually only ever reserved for important dinners, such as when Castle Winchester was hosting a Lord, Lady, or a member of the parliament. Every other occasion, the members of the Royal family usually had their breakfast, lunch and dinners in the privacy of their own suits, or the Smoking Room.
was engraved in the stone pillars near the driveway entrance. Dean smirked as the Mark pulled him out of his fugue state. He locked eyes with Cas and winked. ‘Got her.’
“These parties are usually pretty droll, so don’t think the Christmas parties will be any different,” The same warm voice Dean had been fascinated by earlier crept up behind him. Dean felt a gentle hand on his back, and he turned to see the blue-eyed man Zachariah was doting on, sporting a sly smile and nursing a glass of whiskey on ice. Dean dropped his gaze to the tumbler before raising a questioning eyebrow.
“Really?” Dean huffed out a laugh. “Alright then. He’s a contender, for sure.” They continued through the list without much more comment, filtering through the guys and girls, until one name came up. “Who’s this guy?”
containing Castiel’s weeping cock. The front of the panties looked soaked in precum. Dean’s mouth went dry again, and the dry itch in his hands spread to his arms and up his neck. He
“I could hear Emma from the other side of Lebanon, Dean. My grace is her grace, we’re finely attuned with each other,” He tilted his head as he considered. “Also, I think it has something to do with that protective instinct we learned about earlier. I will never lose our daughter, unless there’s some sort of sigil to tamper with the connection,” They both shared a knowing look.
‘All done. Didn’t even hurt him,’ He paused to consider. ‘Well, not as much as I wanted to, anyway,’ Dean sighed as Crowley waltzed in, hands held up in question. ‘Yes, Crowley?’
“And just like her daddy, too,” He used his other hand to gently poke the angel’s shoulder. It earned him a sly side-eye and another patented Cas laugh. “Are we almost home?”
“I was hoping you’d remember your agreement to the marriage. I understand you and Carmen were sixteen when you made it, but still. These contracts are somewhat binding. We can break them of course, but I’d prefer not to,” She smiled. “And now seems like the perfect time to announce your plan for marriage. You two can start your official engagement tour with your masquerade party,” There was an excited gleam in her eye.
“Wasn’t she the daughter of the Lord who used to go hunting for deer with Dad?” Sam commented. Dean clicked his fingers.
,” He roughly pushed Castiel off him until he was on his back, and Dean flung his legs over Cas’ hips. Castiel only had enough time to hold himself at the right angle before the hunter caught Cas’ dick on his rim and
“I know, Dean.” Dean opened his eyes to find Cas giving him a heart-wrenching smile, and his spirits lifted, for a moment. That was all Dean ever got with Cas. Just a moment.
At the beginning of the letter, Dean's handwriting left him unspooled right there on the kitchen chair. Sitting there in the home he has always felt was only ever half-his, Sam Winchester mourned his brother all over again. Tears splashed onto the pages in front of him, and he barely registered Cas’ hand pressing into his shoulder.
sounded better in my head, oh God...” He murmured. It was Castiel’s turn to blush furiously, trying not to choke on his drink. Sam cackled.
The prince frowned as he pressed his head to the glass of his living room window. So much for a beautiful summer’s day to go horseback riding with Benny.
“I’m partial to Sonnet 57. I think that’s my favourite,” Cas frowned at Sam, who was now choking on a mouthful of water. Dean thumped him on the back, and Sam waved his hand to tell him he’s good.
around your neck,” He pressed a quick kiss to the corner of the hunter’s mouth. “You have the angel’s equivalent of my
you, Dean,’ Ice struck through Dean’s heart as Sam shot him a look of alarm. ‘Granted, it’s...murky, but still,’
“Castiel Novak,” The man held out the tanned hand not nursing his drink. Dean took it and was pleasantly surprised by the firm handshake he was given. “This
His thumb hovered over the ‘call’ button next to his name, but before he could give himself a chance to second-guess his decision, he tapped on it and held the phone to his ear. The call was ringing, ringing, ringing, ringing. It seemed to go on forever, and perhaps this wasn’t worth it, Dean thought, as he went to pull the phone away―
“The Queen demands an audience with you and your brother, regarding your Summer Solstice masquerade party,” Cas pulled up outside the gates of Castle Winchester, getting waved straight through. Dean always loved his home, but he’s well aware it is not normal to have been brought up in a literal castle. The ancient cobblestone driveway, the sandstone water fountain, the 16th century-inspired French architecture, massive sweeping gardens―he knew it wasn’t a normal home, by any stretch of the imagination, but Dean still enjoyed the magnificence of it every time.
‘But,’ Cas pressed his hands to Dean’s bare chest, ignoring how much they were both trembling. ‘I won’t if you only want a one-time deal. Do you understand me, Dean? I cannot, I will not allow myself to crash into you unless you swear to me this is only the beginning,’ The angel’s eyes were glowing slightly, and Dean could feel a tendril of grace delicately toe the line between Cas’ fingertips and his heart. His soul.
“Castiel, please hear me,” He pushed his words out in a whisper because that was the best he could manage under the duress of his sobs. “You didn’t let me say it when we were in Purgatory, and I understand now. I know now why you refused to let me admit my feelings to you. Because I was going to say it then, Cas, I wanted to shout my love for you to the trees. But you couldn’t afford to hear it. It wasn’t because you didn’t want to hear it. I know that now. I just wish I dared to tell you when you told me you feel the same. But you know me,” He huffed out a broken laugh. “I need at least three to four hours to process any emotional upheaval. But I’ve processed it all now. And I no longer feel frozen by fear,” He drew in another deep breath, trying to quell the sobs into no more than shudders in his chest.
didn’t deserve Cas, and he knew his friend didn’t deserve to be treated wrongly, by him or by anybody. Dean was going to desert him, and that was going to be hard enough as friends. If he let that final restraint snap, the goodbye would be all the more devastating.
get in the way of that, you’re sorely mistaken. Castiel, you complete me,’ Surprise flickered across both the hunter and the angel’s faces at the casual admission to what they’ve both spent almost a decade dancing around. ‘In more ways than one,’ He dropped his gaze to his left shoulder. Cas trailed his hand up Dean’s bicep to meet the invisible mark there, and tenderly squeezed.
. A shitty attempt at a remake although the actors were kinda alright. One of them even kinda looked like Sammy, just without all the stupid, floppy hair,” Dean felt his heartbeat starting to slow.
The man in question knocked politely on his open bedroom door, already suited up. Dean smiled at the midnight blue suit his bodyguard was wearing. All the other security guards have to wear their traditional black and white suits, but Dean fought for Cas to wear something more noticeable, so he can find him no matter where he is. He almost regrets it, because the tailored suit fit him like a glove, and made his eyes sparkle a little more than normal. It was maddening.
“Good, then that’s settled,” Dean glanced down before looking back at Cas, raising an eyebrow. “Do you trust me?”
, Dean thought bitterly. The pain sat heavy in his chest, and he frowned. Heaven wasn’t supposed to make him feel sad, or bitter, or lonely. He was...free, so he might as well try his hardest to enjoy his everlasting freedom.
“Ah, so it’s annoying you too, is it?” A sultry voice called out from the ether. Cas turned to see The Shadow, pretending to be Meg, perched lazily on a golden throne with a glass of chardonnay in her hands. She held the side of her head, before rolling her eyes. “I can’t turn them off, any more than I can keep you from waking up, it seems,” She squinted at Castiel, moving faster than his angel eyes could perceive. Before he blinked, she had her nose pressed against his, a smile pasted on her face that reminded Castiel of a predator just about to go in for the kill on their prey. “Why are you awake again, little gnat?” Her eyes started to widen until the entire socket expanded to cover the entire top half of her face. “You should be sleeping, and dreaming, and listening to your wounded dove crying himself to sleep every night,”
“Uh, Cas,” Dean murmured, keeping his eyes on Emma. She was staring back at him, a smile in her eyes. “Emma...did something,”
the way you think of me, Dean?” Dean’s heart stuttered, and he could tell Cas heard that, given the open smirk he painted on his face. “Oh, yes, I know all about the thoughts you have. You’re not particularly
“Cas, please stay. That couch-bed-thing looks big enough to afford a bit of wiggle room between the three of us,” He smiled. “But I call the middle!”
“I don’t care, Dean,” The words came out in a low groan of frustration, only caught by Dean because he was probably listening to the angel too hard. “I’m
you strip naked and cocoon yourself in your bedding?” Dean tilted his head, eyebrow still raised. Before Cas could think of a witty retort, the other man waltzed out of the room. “I’m making coffee, and yes, I
“Well, he probably told you, right?” Sam pushed his hair back, frowning as Cas stared silently. “Did he tell you anything?”
“Among other parts of you, yes,” Cas nipped playfully at Dean’s hip, making the man erupt in giggles. They quickly divested each other of the rest of their clothing, standing in front of one another, just marveling at the moment. “Dean?” There was a light burning in his eyes, and Castiel wanted to chase it until the sun died.
. This was hardly the first time he realised that, but this time, it settled deep into his bones. The situation with Amara confirmed it. Castiel meant so much, almost
,’ He moaned as Cas thrust up slightly, almost brushing his prostate. ‘Could I see your wings again?’ Cas’ nails dug into Dean’s skin, and Dean whined as he picked up the pace of his movement.
“Better to be his friend and know I always have a home here, than be exiled for admitting to feelings I know he doesn’t reciprocate.” Dean liked this voice. But he also wanted to hug them, because he knows that pain all too well. He knows how much it hurts to be in love with someone you can never have. Maybe this is his subconscious trying to help him get over Cas? To try and make room for Benny?
The keys to the Bunker were taken out of his hands on an unusually sunny late winter’s day. Claire and Kaia promised to take good care of the place, and Sam left his number with the girls if they ever needed assistance. At Claire’s request, he has also bought a multitude of cheap cellphones to help them with FBI covers. Sam almost bought a trucker’s cap too, but he thought that might’ve been a little too on-the-nose.
So he did, and he did it well. Whenever Dean would message asking if he was free, Cas would keep busy by catching up with Balthazar more. He didn’t completely shut Dean out, though, still keeping up an amicable conversation whenever they were in class, but he kept it strictly related to schoolwork. Even though he knew it would become easier in the long run, all he could feel was pain like barbed wire wrapped around his heart. Every breath he took caused his heart to pulse harder into the barbs, and he knew the one thing that could staunch the bleeding, was the one thing he can’t have.
worked up,’ He huffed a laugh, watching Joe’s eyes stream with bloody tears. Dean got some salt in his eyes. Good.
was unexpected. Dean can count on one hand the number of times his mother had hugged him. “Thank you for telling me, but,” She chewed her lip, tears welling in her eyes as she considered him seriously. “Is that going to change anything?”
“Alright.” Cas smiled that same bright smile again, and Dean felt his heart crack open to spill out nothing but love.
“You think I don’t know that? I know that he held everything he had ever gone through behind me. He never processed anything he went through properly because I never processed anything I went through properly. He chose me,
“I never thought I could love you more, but every day you seem to prove me wrong,” He whispered into the quiet air of Dean’s bedroom. “I guess I’ll just have to resign to loving you more with every rise and set of the sun,”
“From last week, at the launch of Versace’s charity ball,” Mary’s voice was clipped. Dean let out a low laugh.
closer than he expected. Cigarette smoke eclipsed Dean’s senses, but he didn’t find himself pulled away from it. Instead, the heady spice of Castiel’s aftershave cut through the grey and Dean found himself intoxicated from it. “You shouldn’t listen to anybody else but yourself. I don’t know you all that well, although I hope I get to know you quite well in the future. But what I can tell from having just met you, is you deserve everything the world can offer you, and if you have a gift, you should chase it to the stars,” He waved his other hand nursing his cigarette and glass gently. “And do me a favor,” He let go of Dean’s shoulder to pull his cigarette to his lips again. “Don’t get a job at Sandover. I have a friend who works in publishing who owes me one, let me set up an interview for you,”
The lightbulb continued to flicker over the empty human body before the globe smashed as the door pulled shut.
“Dean, I don’t know if I’m holding the gun right,” He tightened his hands around the bottom of the gun, feeling the cool metal heat up from his sweating palms.
Once he was happy the demon couldn’t try a second spit-take, he freed Joe’s lips, taking a healthy step back from him. Blood dribbled from Joe’s cracked lips, and there was a wave of hot anger blazing in the demon’s eyes.
“What is she talking about, Cas? Why is Meg here?” Dean held his weapon up cautiously, even if his hunter instinct told him that figure in front of him was
As soon as the mist touched Joe’s skin, it bubbled and the blood started to run like a fountain. Joe’s eyes rolled into the back of his head, and he let out a scream. ‘There you go! Now you’re getting it! If you’re not going to squeal, the least you could do is sing for me.’ After making a few more knicks around his neck― enjoying Joe’s screams as he went― he made to grab the container of salt until he felt a hard grip on his shoulder. Dean sighed as he turned to see Cas’ concerned gaze.
“Don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean avoided Michael’s eyes as he swooped to pick up his blade. It wasn’t quite like the one he had on his first trip to Purgatory, but it was sharp enough to lop the head off leviathans and vampires. That was all that matters. Dean made a vague gesture towards Cas, being prepared to step through the golden break in their reality.
“Howdy there, Big Bird,” Claire’s voice was dripping with sarcasm, but even Sam could tell she was speaking through a smile. “How’s Baby Feathers doing? Not using any magic angel moves yet, is she? I wanna be prepared when I meet her,”
The singular lightbulb hanging from the roof flickered in the otherwise darkened room. A wooden chair was bolted to the concrete floor, and chained in manacles covered in Devil’s Trap etchings, a demon sat. A demon sat and stared hard up at the ceiling. His black eyes were glistening in the light, mouth moving around inaudible words. He was covered in bloodied wounds, but the demon paid his vessel no mind. He was waiting. He was praying.
“That sounds brilliant, Dean. You know I’d love anything you get for me,” Cas closed the journal, and picked up the photo that had fallen. It was a photo of Sam, Dean and Cas. He smiled fondly as he remembered Jack playing around with the camera Sam had gifted him. The photo was taken with Dean leaning up against the Impala, and Sam smiling directly at the camera. But Dean wasn’t looking at Jack and the camera. Cas’ heart thudded heavily as he realised Dean was smiling and looking at
“Balthazar, how have you been?” Cas stretched out his legs on the couch, scratching the back of his head.
“See you soon, pal.” Sam reached over and squeezed Dean’s shoulder while giving Cas a serious stare.
Castiel who told him he loved him before dying. Castiel who has behaved as though nothing changed between them when Jack brought him back. Castiel who has been happy to raise his no-longer-God child alongside the Winchester brothers without even a hint that his happiness revolved around admitting to Dean he was in love with him. Castiel who used to haunt Dean’s nightmares with his death. Castiel who...also haunted his more salacious daydreams too.
“Balthazar...and Crowley...and I’ve heard that Zachariah had a few late-night flings with some desperate students,”
“Thank you, Michael,” Cas’ voice was a fissure in frozen glass, emotion barely contained. Michael gave Castiel’s arm a gentle squeeze before letting him go, turning to address Dean as well.
“Let’s go home, Dean.” Cas stroked his cheek and pulled his head back. Dean felt his heart try to swoop at the absence of touch, but Cas only tilted his head up to press a gentle kiss on the hunter’s forehead.
“Killing time, waiting for dark to roll around. Sammy,” Cas could hear the sound of Sam yelling ‘What?’ back. “You owe me a beer, dude. Why on Earth did you think it was a man?” There were muffled noises in the background of the call. “Alrighty then,” Dean’s voice became clearer again. “So, Cas. What’s up?”
there would be something to tamper with it. “For now, it means she could not be safer. She’s not the one triggering my protective instinct right now,” Dean felt his face get hot.
,” He gestured between the two of them. “Are fucking stupid, you know that, right?” He chuckled mirthlessly. Cas hummed as he took the final sip of coffee from his cup, before begrudgingly placing it down and out of his hands. He turned back to Dean, taking both hands in his.
“Good. I’ll always need you around,” Colour rose to his cheeks as he recognised how romantic that sounded out of context. Cas dropped his gaze to the floor, frowning slightly. Shit. Maybe even
“I’ll find a place to stay before the order comes into effect. I’ll just crash here tonight, and then I’ll see if Ellen might be able to...”
“Not exactly. He filled out his usual log report, and the report made its way to Ketch, which in turn made its way to me,” Mary tutted. “You know I have eyes everywhere,”
, Dean,” Cas smiled again, and Dean had a momentary flashback to Castiel when he was full of Leviathans. It was the same smile, except Cas’ eyes weren’t completely dead and empty. No, this time they were filled to the brim with life, and a little bit of a delicious wickedness. “Even the ones you haven’t fully explored yet,” He brought his hand to Dean’s hair, and pulled the hunter in close to his face. “Do you trust that in this moment, I know what’s best for you, and do you trust me to take complete control of your pleasure?” Dean trembled at the mere notion of words like ‘control’ and ‘your pleasure’ falling from his holiest of false idols.
It was only for a second, and he barely grazed Dean’s skin, but to both men, it felt like a revelation. Dean let out a surprised noise, low from the back of his throat. Cas brought his hand to Dean’s shoulder and squeezed it before walking away.
“Your Highness?” Cas spoke lowly, barely discernible in the raucous noise of party-goers. Dean felt a gentle hand on his back, and Dean melted slightly into the touch. The lanterns flickered up above them as the prince made his way through the courtyard. The cloying scent of roses swam all around them. Glasses of champagne and whiskey were being carted around on silver platters by Lord Adler’s poor servers. Dean grabbed a glass of whiskey and threw back half the glass before acknowledging Cas.
“She’s a homophobic bitch,” Dean shrugged. “Dropped a couple of slurs during our few conversations we were forced to have, and I...” He shook his head. Charlie nodded.
“I’m fine,” Cas smiled, waving hello to Eileen. She smiled, but her eyes held an echo of concern, like Sam. The taller man raised an eyebrow.
“Nothing, Sammy. It’s...it was nothing,” He pushed himself out of his chair and marched away. He’d been doing that way too much recently, and he was starting to get sick of it, but he needed to. Otherwise, he would’ve done something stupid, like try to punch his brother. Dean honestly didn’t know how Gabriel and Castiel would’ve reacted to that. Would Gabriel have tried to defend Sam, which would’ve meant Cas would’ve defended Dean? Would they have let Dean go at it until Sam threw a punch back? Would they―
“Ah, age is just a number, baby.” He flicked Sam’s shoulder, and Sam glared before launching into a tirade of the fun celebrities and locals people had suggested. He didn’t mention Cas again, and for that, Dean was thankful. Not just for himself. He noticed Cas relaxed into his standard-rigid stance and diverted his gaze back to the tabloids. Dear God, maybe this denial was going to kill Dean.
Cas chewed on his nails as he watched the little grey box with the three dots hover in the corner of the chat. Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad? Perhaps Cas can relax, and just be Dean’s friend. They’re in the same age group, and he no longer has a Duty of Care for him, since he is no longer his student. This is okay. There’s nothing illegal or even questionable about this. Right?
,” Dean shuddered as he felt Cas pull his cock out from inside him and widened his eyes as he remembered everybody could
,” Cas gave him a small smile at the heated glare Dean shot him. “Remember the time you pretended you weren’t royal, and we snuck into an open-air movie theatre? You spent the entire movie trying to convince me to toss popcorn at you, and I spent the entire movie worried you were going to be spotted,” Dean let out a breathy chuckle. “What was the movie, Dean? Tell me everything you remember,"
'Dean. Why would you bring that up?' He tried to keep his voice flat and heated. The demon flickered his gaze to his brother.
The dive bar Dean found for them was the worst watering hole he could’ve pulled them to on this side of America. The walls were covered in torn stickers of bands that have never made it higher than playing for one night at the joint, the bar itself was slowly rotting from the outside wood, and Dean was fairly sure the flickering sign above the grimy mirrors reflecting the top-shelf drinks was not just for dramatic effect.
“D―” Shame sewed his lips shut, and Cas let out a disappointed sigh. Dean hung his head against the tight hold on his neck.
Offering a place to stay to escape his abusive, alcoholic father for the night? That’s another chink in Castiel’s plan to maintain an amicable distance. Knowing the man was going to be just on the other side of the wall of his bedroom might just drive Castiel mad. But it’s okay. They’re friends. Friends do this, right? Friends offer other friends a place to crash now and then. Cas has offered the same guest bedroom to Balthazar a handful of times over the years. This is a similar thing, right?
“Nah, don’t stress about it,” He gave Cas a genuine smile. “One last road trip, for old times’ sake. Twenty-five hours isn’t even worth the hassle, honest,”
“You were thinking of him, weren’t you?” His voice came out rough and low. Cas dropped his gaze. “When was the last time you saw him, Cas?”
With that, he twisted Dean’s arm. Dean flinched, and the watery hold he had on the barrier made him slip and he was falling, falling, falling into the pit of rocks and darkness and water. Hot flashes of pain rocketed through his body as his bones crushed under his water-bleeding skin until there was nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing, everything disappeared.
“You didn’t think I’d be able to maintain the bills for a place like this on just a professor’s salary and my freelance job, did you?” He shook his head. “I’m a writer as well, Dean. Apparently, the public mildly enjoyed my salacious novel about a barely-nineteen me traipsing around the European countryside with a successful British businessman,”
At least, he was. Until the universe decided to give him yet another reason to feel his heart sink into the bottomless ocean every time he sees the light go out in Castiel’s eyes.
“Did she now?” Dean tutted. “Mom can be sentimental, I suppose,” He glanced back at the flowers, a grimace on his face. “What am I supposed to do with those?”
“And?” She cocked an eyebrow. “You need a time to enjoy good food?” Sam shook his head, a smile tilting his lips upwards. “If you want, I’ll mix up some salsa and some salad, too. We can pretend it’s a proper dinner,”
“Mr Winchester, you’re trying to seduce me, aren’t you?” Cas asked dryly, flashing Dean a wolfish grin. The sparkle in Dean’s eyes grew, and Castiel was treated with his favourite laugh― the student threw his head back, mouth wide open as he laughed raucously, cheeks flushed rosy warm. He held his hand to his chest as he simmered down to small huffs of laughter. “But seriously, Dean, why are you asking?” Something in the question sobered Dean up. His eyes became sharp, and the flush on his cheeks spread to his neck. Silence fell between them, and Cas was the first to break the stare-down. “I think that’s probably enough for tonight. What time did you say your class was tomorrow morning?”
‘Dean,’ Cas grabbed both Dean’s shoulders and spun him around to bring his face into view. Cas’ face was a hair's breadth away from his, and the deep frown in his forehead would’ve almost been comical. ‘You’re enjoying this too much,’
“Cas,” He croaked out. The word came out in a harsh whisper, and he knew even with Castiel’s excellent hearing, his bodyguard wouldn’t be able to hear him. He reached down to pull off his sticky shirt, and his stomach jumped violently. Panic swallowed his chest whole, and he could feel something else bubbling up in his chest. He carried himself as fast as he could into his ensuite bathroom, flicking the light on before dropping to his knees in front of the toilet. The bile in his chest fought its way to his lips, and he sobbed as he threw up.
“Well, you can―” There was a soft rustling behind Dean, just off towards the break in the forest ahead. Dean and Cas both turned slowly, pulling out their respective weapons. There was nothing behind them, but now Dean could tell there was something out there, watching them, stalking them. “Feel that?” Dean breathed.
Drops of rain started to speckle his face, and he knew he’d need to head back to Eileen soon. She was making a cherry pie since it was what her pregnancy cravings were driving her towards. When Sam had commented on her desire for pie, Eileen had thwacked him lightly with the dishcloth, signing furiously about refusing to name their firstborn ‘Dean Junior’ because ‘even Dean would mock you horribly for that, and you know it, Winchester’. God, he loves her so much.
“Who are you seeing this week?” Sam asked politely from his seat at the table. Dean shovelled his eggs into his mouth as Sam asked, so he had to chew fast to respond.
“Attachment hormone, something people feel when they’re in love,” Sam answered quickly, training his gun on the witch while sparing a concerned look towards his brother. “Curse will probably break once she dies,”
There was a moment where Cas didn’t see the grey bubble pop up. His tongue dried up as he remembered all the bruises and the nervous twitches. The bubble popped up again, and something in Cas clicked. He
‘You’re also my little bitch,’ Dean took a step away and watched Crowley stumble down onto the floor. The demon struggled for breath, blood flushing away from his face. Dean flicked the blade around in his right hand. ‘No wonder your follower count is dwindling. Look at you. You’re pathetic, Crowley,’ He spat out. ‘Where’s the demon?’ The Mark was itching for blood, and if he didn’t get the show on the road, it’d be Crowley’s blood he swam in tonight. The demon flinched, gesturing silently towards the closed double doors on the other side of the communal area. He turned on his heels and made his way to the doors.
Castiel kept the lie in his head the entire time he made up the bed. He held onto the lie even as he went through the guest bathroom and swept away any lingering dust. He still kept thinking everything was in the name of friendship right until he opened up the door to see Dean Winchester standing in his front porch light.
“What do you suggest I do as possible date options? We’ll start with Cassie and work our way through.” Dean straightened his back and put on his bravest face. Charlie and Cas could see straight through it, of course, but they said nothing. Dean just hopes this sadness fades before Benny comes over for dinner.
‘Vermillion, South Dakota?’ As soon as Dean recognised the city, the Mark took control of the rest. It reached out for the First Blade and itched its way out towards the path leading to Abaddon. Dean’s eyes pulled shut of their own accord, and he was flying down highways, overpasses, rivers, townships...until he saw Abaddon, perched lazily on a bed, wrapped in bloodied silk sheets and twisting her fingers into the entrails of a middle-aged man. Dean’s vision zoomed out to reveal the home. It was a grand estate, double-story with a dying garden near the front entry. The name
to help him. I thought you knew that, Cas!” The anger in Dean’s voice reminded Cas of the ocean disappearing away from the shore. He knows not to go looking for the water because he’ll get swept up in the tsunami that follows. All he can do is stay on his high ground, and cling to his strength.
Cas could see tears pouring fresh down Sam’s face, but for the first time, the angel did not feel sorrow harrowing his bones. The burden in Sam’s heart is still there, probably will be for as long as the Winchester will live, but it is lifted for a moment. But a moment was all Cas needed to know things were shifting for Sam. The two souls in front of him were flickering and reaching for each other even as their human bodies slowly pulled apart. Not for the first time since Cas came back from the Empty, he found himself yearning for the sight of Dean’s soul again. The thought curled around Cas’ wings, beckoning him back to Heaven, calling him back for the first time since his human asked him to keep an eye on Sam. But the fear of leaving Sam without him made his grace shrivel in his body. What if Sam needs him? What if something happened? He could never forgive himself if anything happened to his friend.
“Well, it’s...” Cas sighed, taking a seat at the map table. “I just found something in Dean’s room when I was looking through your father’s journal...” His throat closed up. Maybe this wasn’t a good idea. Sam would probably scoff at the suggestion. Cas’ tongue froze on his lips.
“You can do anything you want, Dean,” The comment drew Dean’s gaze back to the lord. Crowley was frowning. “Besides, a little birdie told me you’ve already made your choice,” Dean felt his nostrils flare, and the silence between them became fraught with tension. Crowley held Dean’s heated glare for a beat, flicked his gaze to Castiel, before returning to Dean with a raised eyebrow.
“Dean?” The soft murmur of Cas’ voice near his ear pulled Dean’s gaze from his dresser. Castiel moved back to give Dean some breathing room, and he appreciated Cas’ gentle squeeze of his shoulders. “You’re safe. You’re okay. Another nightmare?” Dean couldn’t bring himself to speak, so he nodded quickly. Cas made a low humming noise. “Did you count and identify the things on your dresser?” Dean nodded again, and Cas brought his right hand to cup Dean’s chin, making him look Cas directly in his blue eyes. “You remember the trip your family took to the Summer Isles last year?”
why your boy keeps giving me strange looks,” Benny’s gaze flickered off to Dean’s left, where Dean knew Castiel was watching from, and Dean chuckled.
“He...well, he did try to, but you were...preoccupied,” Dean whipped his gaze back to the angel, who was humble enough to look sheepish.
“This place will crush you before you even get off the ground, love,” Another shiver cascaded its way down Dean’s spine at the affectionate name slipping off the man’s lips. Castiel grasped Dean’s shoulder once again, this time with the cigarette between his fingers. “Would you like a drag?” Dean could feel his chest trembling.
“Is this what you want, Dean?” Cas brought his hand to Dean’s neck, and the hunter brought his hand into the angel’s open hand to feel the slight pressure on his throat. Cas squinted and licked his lips. “No, it’s not,” He murmured, bringing his hand up to the side of Dean’s face, gently running his thumb along the hunter’s bottom lip.
They rounded the corner. Before Dean could even process what he was seeing, there was a female throwing her arms around his brother, and Sam was laughing, and she was too.
It showed in the coming emails Dean had sent him. They never discussed the class they have together, but they discussed
“You prayed to Jack?” Cas frowned, pulling back from the hug. Sam’s happiness was palpable as he nodded and gently patted the side of Cas’ face.
“I’d suggest making a break for it and reaching out to Cas the best way you know how,” Jack gestured towards the corridor. “Just don’t stay away
A tanned hand held a wet wipe in front of Dean’s hazy eyes. The prince took it without comment, wiping his face clean and dropping it into the toilet bowl with the rest of his disgust. Cas ran his hand through Dean’s sweated hair, and Dean moaned softly at the gesture. He pulled his face away from the toilet and decided the cold tile of the bathroom floor was the safest space for him to curl up into. His stomach had nothing for it to throw around, so he was stuck with spasming pain and sweat. The noise of his toilet flushing and then the rush of water from his shower pulled Dean from his turmoil for a moment.
“Hmm?” Dean dropped his gaze. Now was not the time to get caught up in feelings long dead and gone. “Nothing, Benny. So,” He gestured towards the break in the trees up ahead. “Know where leviathan blossoms bloom?” If Benny and Cas caught the blush on Dean’s cheek, neither commented on it. Dean was silently grateful. He forgot just how
but he still wanted to remember Dean’s touch. Perhaps the touch would trigger the one memory the broken spell won’t pull back into place.
“Don’t you like it?” Cas frowned, glancing down at the jeans. “I suppose I’ll have to cuff the jeans a little, but once I’ve got my boots on, they shouldn’t be too-
Dean opened his eyes, not realizing he’d closed them. A tear snuck out and down his cheek. Emma reached out and wiped it away, small baby fingernails catching on the skin. Cas tilted his head, eyes never straying from Dean as he pulled away. The hunter took in another heavy breath, clutching Emma closely.
the definition of your father. You’re also not the definition of your mother, either. They have left their traces in you, but you do not have to yield to the impressions in your psyche. You’ve outlived both of them, and you’ve gained more insight than both of them combined. Dean, you’re allowed to feel scared. All parents are. We’ve just got more reasons than most,” He offered up that beautiful gummy smile. “But I swear to you, I will
...and Dean was greeted with the bright morning light searing into his face, cocooned in his doona. He blinked, watching the scene that was playing in his dream dance faintly in the back of his mind.
“Please,” Crowley scoffed. “He raised his brother, he’s an old hand at that by now. Castiel, on the other hand,” He smirked. “He probably doesn’t know everything there is to know about Nephilim, and he doesn’t know the first thing about raising a child. You know what, Mother? Perhaps we should send them a message.” Crowley strode out of the doorway, with the witch hot on his heels.
“Did you like the roses I sent you, Your Highness?” Crowley smiled at the prince from his plate of lamb cutlets. Dean gave him a soft smile from the top of his wine glass.
Cas only showed up to help Sam carry the last few boxes of stuff into the Impala and drink with him one last time in the War Room.
“Okay, good. I’m glad you’re back,” He pulled Cas back slightly, giving him a once-over. There were no visible wounds anywhere on Cas’ body, but there was the head of a flower bulb sticking out from Cas’ pocket. “Is that the blossom?” Dean frowned at the thing. It looked mildly ugly, with bright red petals perched open like a bloody mouth. “Gross,” Cas chuckled and gave Dean a fond look. Dean leveled his gaze at Cas, gripping his shoulder to keep himself steady. “Did you hear all of my prayer?”
“That’s adorable,” Crowley chuckled, peering in through the bars of the door. “You truly think Lucifer would have time to listen to the cries of a pathetic sub-par demon when he’s off trying to find a suitable vessel?”
“It means so much to me that you’ve opened your hearts to who I am. Thank you. But this isn’t all,” Arthur told Dean he could go slightly off-script with the second announcement since the engagement search wasn’t as detrimental to the family’s reputation if not handled carefully. Dean had tried not to feel miffed by that suggestion. “Apparently, I’ve got until the end of the summer to find a suitable husband or wife, so,” He made a casual shrug. “If you could come up with some of your best bachelors and bachelorettes― strictly lords, ladies or higher; I know, I know,” He waved his hands at the outcry of disappointment. “Queen’s orders, unfortunately. But if you could collate some of your favourites, I’ll have our team go over some of your suggestions as well as their own. Now, questions?” He caught the eye of Pamela Barnes, a reporter for Daily News.
“Thank you, sir, that’s very kind of you to say. Now, tell me,” He flashed his teeth, and Dean felt a prickle on the back of his neck. “What on God’s green earth possessed you to decide you’re attracted to both men
,’ The angel gripped his hands on the hunter’s hips like a vice. Dean was sure he was going to bear bruises on his body tomorrow, and he craved it. He swivelled his hips slowly, drawing a gentle figure-of-eight and relished in the sight of his angel falling apart from his body. He squinted as he focused on the space behind Cas’ back, licking his lips as he remembered the sight of his angel’s wings when he was completely demonic.
“My men and women know how to handle themselves, sir. Trust me, the very last thing I would ever want to do is put our Dean here at risk,” Benny gave Dean’s hand a gentle squeeze, and Dean chuckled.
There was a podium already set up, with Arthur greeting the press, the palace guards stationed near the gate. The crowd couldn’t see it, but Dean knew they were all armed to the teeth. Every single guard there had at least five types of weapons on them at all times, and Dean knew Cas had about seven on his person at the current moment. He felt the gun holster hit his hip when he hugged his bodyguard and touched the knives strapped onto his shoulders when he had clung to him. He pulled his focus away from wondering where the other weapons were, to zero in on the podium as he slowly approached the microphone.
“Your Highness?” He felt a gentle touch on his back, and Dean's chest swelled up like a balloon. The nervous energy he had all morning had come to a tipping point. “You don’t have to do this, you know, Dean. Just say the word, we’ll cancel the gathering,”
The words burned his tongue as they slipped out. Dean could hear the shatter of Cas’ heart as it felt to the floor. He wanted to take them back, wanted to hold Cas tight to his chest, wanted to say he told a lie. But he didn’t. He couldn’t. The iron vines draped themselves over Dean’s heart, sewing his lips shut. He snapped his gaze away from those eyes, once so filled with stars.
“Oooh, letters from your admirers!” He held the pile of letters above his head where Dean couldn’t reach. The quick movement of Dean’s head made the room spin slightly, but he still tried to punch his brother in the ribs. Sam laughed. “Dean, you’re not strong enough to best me right now,”
“He’s happy, Sam,” The words settled over Sam’s shoulders like a weighted blanket. Tears spilled down Sam’s face once more as he glanced skyward in disbelief at Castiel’s voice.
“Forgive me, my Lord, but what is the state of your security measures for this part of the manor?" Cas zeroed in on the closeness of the
“Let’s head into the cabin, get you some water and food,” The man wrapped his arm around Dean’s shoulder. “I’ve got you, Chief,” Dean leaned into Benny’s side as they slowly stepped past Cas’ watchful gaze and through the door of the cabin. He motioned for Dean to sit on the leather bench chair, so he did. Dean watched as Benny fluttered over to the kitchen bar of the large yacht, pulling a bottle of water out of the chiller fridge. He tucked the bottle under his arm before pulling out a platter of strawberries, mangoes, cherries and pears, with a container of chocolate sauce sitting in the middle of it all. “Some of the season’s best offerings,” He winked as he placed the platter down on the table in front of Dean, before handing Dean the chilled bottle. “But first, drink some water. Otherwise, I believe your boy outside might just kick me off my boat,”
Even if the sky outside as he stomped to the Impala were full of the brightest stars, Dean kept his head down. He told himself his anger was justified. It was. He was right. Ultimately, it came down to Castiel.
“Fine, fine. If you can find yourself a suitable replacement before the end of the summer, then you can marry her instead of Carmen. Happy?” Mary crossed her arms. Dean mirrored her.
‘No, because if that were the case, I would’ve felt you before you came back a demon. So,’ The smugness in his voice oozed out of the phone. ‘What
“I’ve been keeping my head down like you guys told me to, I promise. Had a magic-type gig in Rowena, South Dakota. You ever been there?” Alarm bells started ringing like crazy. Claire chuckled. “It’s a real
“I’m a whiskey fan, myself,” His voice wavered, but the glowing smile on Castiel’s face helped him feel more settled. “But I prefer it neat, so I take it easy. Don’t tell Dad, though. He’ll freak if I had a drink when he didn’t,”
“Dean,” Bobby nudged his arm, the feeling jolting Dean out of his painful reverie. The old man gestured towards the front of The Roadhouse, where a shining miracle sat.
Ever since Dean was little, he always loved being in a car. Of course, his preferred transport had always been Baby, but he’s not overly picky. As long as he’s got good music, good company, and he’s in control of the drive, Dean found he could breathe easy, even if only for a day. One of his out-of-reach dreams was to have a bonding experience with his little family as they’re cruising down the highway with their destination barely in sight.
watching Dean behave this way. If Dean wasn’t so focused on unnerving Joe, he would’ve cooed mockingly at his angel. Instead, he came to the decision. If Castiel was going to be nervous about his torture methods, Dean might as well give him a worthwhile show.
“Nope,” He gave Dean a gummy smile as they started to walk up the stairs. “You’ll have to do better than that. Tell me what you want,” Castiel gestured towards a door baring the plaque ‘Castiel Novak – Communications Director’.
be healed at all. All that human blood,’ He shook his head. ‘Although I have to say, that little stunt with your grace was,’ He exhaled, pretending to shiver. ‘Fucking
He pulled the necessary items out of his side drawer; his headphones, lubricant, and wet wipes. He made sure his headphones were plugged in and working by listening to the last thing on his Spotify playlist. Once he was sure everything was in perfect working order, he went to the link Balthazar provided him.
to attend those stupid Parliament meetings, but his mother demanded he makes an appearance to them, at the very least to ‘show a united front’ for the family. Whatever that means. All Dean knows is he wanted to jump onto the court floor and start throwing punches at Viscount Shurley, who suggested reinstating gay conversion therapy.
“Hard not to, when you’re screaming them at me,” Cas tilted his head, eyebrow raised. Dean chuckled.
“You have only ever seen yourself as your brother’s keeper, your brother’s protector, and as a solider for your father’s brutal battle. Take all that away, what do you have left?” Cas raised his eyebrow, pressing his hand to Dean’s cheek gently. Tears spilled down the side of Dean’s face, and he was trembling now.
'What are you talking about?' Cas knew he shouldn't entertain Dean with attention, but he couldn't pull himself away from it.
“That’s probably the main reason why she likes you so much, Cas,” Sam smirked. “You keep him in check,”
to him? He knew, of course, how the eldest Winchester brother dealt with emotional outbursts. He usually slammed the door of his bedroom and brooded to the dulcet tones of Jimmy Page’s crooning until he fell asleep, only to be roused by Cas wafting a cup of coffee under his nose and the promise to just...be with him, as he pushed down the emotion with every sip until he felt like a functioning member of society again.
before suckling on his skin. Dean moaned, tensing all over, and Cas trembled against Dean’s back. “Fuck,
‘Curious, though, Dean,’ Crowley seemed unaffected by Dean’s venom-laced words. ‘You point out my blood addiction, which I am proud to say isn’t bothering me thanks to our little vacation, but you fail to recognise your
“That is the plan,” Dean glanced towards Cas, who kept a stoic look on his face. Anybody would think the words barely even registered with the man, but Dean noticed the slight twitch in his jaw. Castiel was
“Tell me everything you remember about your family’s saltbox house we stayed in for that weekend,” He smiled as Dean cleared his throat.
at the party?” There was a collection of laughter being poorly masked for coughs from the door and from beside Dean on the couch. Mary glared at Sam, who stopped immediately. She softened her gaze slightly before turning to Castiel.
