to be kidding me," Dean whispered desperately.
LONSA O OI CONGAMPHLGH IDLVGAM - The power of this soul is given.
Sam discovered a working set of walkie-talkies and offered one of the two devices to his brother with a shrug. "Not as good as working phones, but better than nothing, right?"
Despite everything, he'd been too slow. Castiel was sinking into despair over the fact that he didn't know where to go from here, how to possibly find Jack in a whole forest full of possibilities when he didn't even know what his son was planning. If only Jack would pray to him once more... but Jack believed him to be dead, and his prayer had been laced with so much
He realized he was holding the quill in his hand so tightly that it was close to breaking and quickly set it back down on the table before following Dean. There was a scraping noise from the chair getting pushed back as Sam stood, but Jack had already crossed the small distance to Dean. He hesitated, staring at the hunter's back in a moment of uncertainty. Sam halted, watching silently from a few steps away. Jack reached out to touch Dean's arm.
Dean stared at the red sheen of the low-battery warning in the middle of the display as if it could offer him any answers. The phone's dim light did reveal
That was all it took for a silent understanding to pass between them and they ran as one through a lifeless forest, towards the voice in the distance that mirrored Castiel's desperation in its call for Jack. It grew closer quickly and the familiarity of its sound sent a wave of heat through their body, made Castiel pant for air he didn't need.
want to go down that road."
that? You told us Hell was safe!"
The words were like a blow to Jack's stomach, but the shimmer of tears in Dean's eyes posed a counterweight to the hurt he felt on Castiel's behalf. "I don't—
the way Dean scrambled for a reply to his brother's question, and thought the least he could do to alleviate this mess was take over their motoric controls until Dean's mind was less occupied. Each step over the parking lot's wet pavement became a conscious decision. They passed the demolished shell of the last car the brothers had used, the signpost still laying flat on top of it, denting the car roof deeply. Castiel headed for a different car further across the parking lot. A black one.
"Sure," Dean said absent-mindedly.
"The divine kind," Castiel said and bent down to recover the cylindrical device from the ground. He'd meant to return it right away, but the Enochian script running around both ends drew his attention. In the corner of his eye, he saw Dean's posture tense, so he aborted his attempt of reading the writing and held the device out to Dean instead. "You lost your... I'm not sure what this is."
Sam shrugged, then he inhaled deeply again, nodded, swallowed. "Okay... here goes nothing."
They ended up in a messy heap in the middle of an onion field, the flaming rift the only light source in the darkness of night. Dean's fingers still refused to let go of the reassuring fabric they were clinging to and he nodded towards the rift, breathing heavily. "Close it! Can you close it?"
"What?" Castiel asked without thinking.
"Spoilsport. I'm letting you know that you're really killing my vibe, here. But yes, fine, first things first. We have to find a way to clos—"
"We all made it, Jack. It's all right, Rowena said Sam will wake on his own. Just need to find a safe spot to bunk for the night."
, he started drawing into the ground with it, forest soil mixing with droplets of his own blood. A pained scream coming from the field finally obliterated what little resolve he had left and the first sob broke free from his lips while he rushed to continue the devil's trap. Shaking as he was, his sight blocked by a veil of tears, it was hard to see enough to get the symbols right. But it would have to do.
Spontaneous combustion seemed like a valid course of action in the knowledge that Castiel had ruined his best chance to save Dean.
"Y-yes?" Jack asked doubtfully, not quite sure what was expected of him.
Dean stepped into the circle towards the portal, but stopped at Jack's quiet question.
one!"
Sam watched in disbelief as Rowena, armed with nothing but an angel blade, stepped in front of him—the embodiment of something pure and fierce she'd only ever shown him glimpses of before. Gasping in the sudden spread of a helpless affection throughout his body, he pushed himself off the wall. The need to touch what she'd become was overwhelming, and he reached out to place one of his hands on her arm.
"I hate Hell. I truly hate it."
Thanks to Rowena, Jack finally had the words to explain what he had sensed in the field yesterday. Ley lines. A pulse of sorts, growing weaker the further they had moved away from the spot where Jack had regained consciousness. The direction Dean had originally meant to take, towards the forest, had felt like an offspring of this, while wandering towards the house had been like moving upstream, against a natural flow.
"I know." Jack buried his face against Dean's shoulder, felt fingers running through his hair. It was the most soothing sensation he could imagine. "I know, Jack. I forgive you."
"The End," Chuck proclaimed and Dean dropped like a rock.
Jack wasn't sure where it stemmed from, but judging by the direction and the slightly muffled quality, he assumed its source to be inside the cabin. He rose and circled to the front door, but the third sharp ringing still came from behind him. In his exhausted state, it took him several seconds to piece together that the culprit was, in fact, attached to his own back.
was gone, but having neon tubes react to the touch of his grace wasn't hard to accomplish. He lit up three specific letters
Cast out, locked away in the shadowed areas between the windows in the deepest part of the dungeon to be forgotten, to spare the majority of angels the shame that your mere presence would cause. The one and only being still remembering your existence would be the torturer on their daily visits.
leaving you behind!"
"I should leave. This is putting too much strain on his body." He hesitated. "Manifesting from the Veil surely cannot be as hard as they say. I'm a fast learner."
Nobody was there to hear it, and even if they were, TO HELL with them all!
Dean hadn't given up hope, had accomplished the impossible in saving Castiel. Castiel would do the same.
Dean turned around and Castiel's heartbeat, entirely unaffected by the sprint, sped up. He noticed the off-kilter way Dean held his head, the limp in his leg and the wrong angle of his arm. His grace reached out, tingled in the tips of their fingers to heal, to mend, to
Dean went still. Castiel could pinpoint the exact moment Dean decided to ignore the question, tensing up his shoulders before he let the hand drop from his face.
There had never been any doubt about the way, but what had been a mere sense of direction now changed into his gravity in this unplace. He couldn't have resisted the pull even if he had wanted to. The muscles in his legs strained in what felt like the fastest he had ever run. He stopped abruptly when he sensed rather than saw a shift in front of him in a realm that had no use for human eyes.
Two things happened at the same time. In the vague memory of the way his grace and the other Dean's soul had connected in the Empty, Castiel carefully expanded throughout this body, seeking but not finding. A shock ran through him and he intensified the search until his grace touched the shriveled remains of something that should have been all-encompassing in its beauty.
The sluggishness of his mind was something he certainly wasn't used to and the dull ache in his borrowed bones wasn't exactly a pleasant welcome back to consciousness either. Still, all of that was no excuse for how long it took him to realize there was no breathing other than his own inside the room.
"JACK!"
The angel didn't show any reaction to his reassurance, growing weaker by the second. Dean had to get through to him. There was no time for self-doubt, no time for hesitance.
was with Jack, did that mean...
"Thanks," he said.
Dean wasn't sure what Sam had seen on his face, but his brother shied away the slightest bit, taken aback by whatever he had found.
Sam felt something shatter inside of him at the realization that this was what she'd been trying, that Hell's throne
, that the way the blue was throbbing meant anguish.
Sam averted his gaze to the ground with a sigh, rubbing over the bridge of his nose. "Okay, um. I don't have Rowena's notes here. Maybe I need a different spell. She used this one once to disperse a spirit attacking me, so I gave it a shot. But I don't—I'm not..."
"For the first time in hundreds of years, I wanted to actually change something for the better. I've doomed my
Dean halted and tried to catch his breath. "Come again?"
Facing the light head-on, he was stunned into silence, his mouth left agape. The sheer size of it made him feel like an insignificant speck of dirt. The enormous form was glowing in a golden orange interspersed with pure white, shifting constantly, using a dimension of movement human brains couldn't even process. It was entirely impossible to ever focus on any part of it. There were eyes, somewhere, he thought dazedly. Or maybe that had been a trick of his mind. He couldn't even remember what he had seen just a second after seeing it. Lightning in the vague shape of wings spread behind the form, but it was weirdly interrupted by empty black spaces in between, preventing the strings of lightning from connecting with each other.
"Ugh, I didn't know
"What—I don't..." He was surprised at that sting of hurt he felt. "I can't have been
Still walking, Chuck lifted an arm and swirled his finger. A squirrel appeared between him and Jack, rustling through the fallen leaves on the ground. It stopped, sat on its hindlegs and sniffed the air. Jack held his breath,
Jack found it hard to breathe. Hope
The voices spoke again. Was that... Enochian? Sam's body tensed and his fingers closed around the hilt of the angel blade in the pocket of his own jacket. He advanced slowly in the direction the voices had come from, careful not to cause any noise, which was harder than he would have liked with some of the glass still stuck under his boot.
In the middle of the clearing stood a pair of swings, wet with rain. Under different circumstances, Jack would have wanted to try those, only ever having seen the joy they brought in movies. Now, though, the flat, open box near the swings was what drew his attention. Inside was more sand, the smooth surface broken by an interlocking pattern of circles and lines carved into it, strangely untouched by the weather.
to take a break. Even I am starting to feel this in my bones, and I'm
The movement of Dean's hand stilled and it took several beats until he whispered in reply, "We will."
he heard Dean pray, but they were left without an answer yet again.
"Rowena..."
He turned off the phone to conserve what little power it had left and stuffed everything back where it had come from. The light from the rift before hadn't been strong enough to see how far exactly the field stretched. Nothing but onion plants had been visible in any direction. Even with the bone-deep tiredness he felt, he'd probably manage, somehow, to carry one of the two motionless bodies far enough to reach a house, or at least an abandoned car. That, of course, would require leaving the other behind, without a guarantee to ever find his way back in the dark. No way in hell was he going to do that. He sank back down to his knees between Sam and Jack.
for his own good, what did that say about him? If time spent with him was abhorrent enough to leave without so much as a single word of goodbye, what was he supposed to
did you miss, Samuel?"
impressed. Much too late now for an actually decent finale, of course. But eh, I'll take what I can get."
He swallowed, tried not to let any thoughts seep through of how much this whole place freaked him out.
"Good." The corners of Dean's mouth twitched. "No more dying. Except maybe for a burger, I'd die for one right now."
to be kidding me," Dean whispered desperately.
Another smile crossed over the witch's face, but Jack seemed entirely unaffected by it, the urgency in his voice only hinting at the feelings Sam knew the boy must be hiding underneath.
Sam's head began to hurt just trying to combine what was happening into a complete picture that made sense, and he touched his forehead with his empty hand, taking a step backwards. That was when Dean finally noticed the weapon he was holding.
She continued, "God hasn't come knocking so far, so I wouldn't know for sure what he can or cannot do in my realm. But I dare say we should make use of every advantage we have. Hell might be a much safer place than Earth for all of us under the given circumstances. Speaking of our assets—" She regarded Jack. "You seem different, darlin'. What happened to you?"
Deaf to anything but his own grief, a sudden touch to his cheek took him entirely by surprise. He flinched, eyes wide in shock, and saw a shade of red through the blur of his tears. His first thought was that blood must have splashed into his face and trickled down into his eyes. But the contact with his skin was still there, feather-soft, unlike anything else in the last hours.
A man's hair is his shrine."
people. It was something he took a modicum of pride in, normally. It made no bloody sense that he should have been so completely mistaken not once, but
"Fuck," he sobbed into Sam's hair.
Dean swallowed. His hands were shaking and the clouds of his breath were icy against his face.
TIBIBP I MAOFFAS - My sorrow is not to be measured.
"Oh, I don't even want to know which bloody fool is holding the thing now. They can choke on it, for all I care. If they want to drown in paperwork and complaints, surrounded by spineless, backstabbing snivelers—good riddance, I say. Speaks for a severe lack of both good judgment and taste, of course."
Resigned to the fact that there could be no reprieve for him, not ever, he fell into the next memory.
He focused back on the inside of the car, just in time to hear Dean mutter "NUTS!" in reaction to the soft clangor of lines appearing on the windshield after a particularly large hailstone had collided with it. Hearing this word pronounced with such force would have been nothing less than absurd in the company of the other Winchesters. No matter how similar these doppelgangers looked, Castiel was all too aware of the multitude of differences between them and the friends he'd come to value above all else. Them and Jack.
"Right." Dean stared down at the garment for a moment, then accepted it back, his hand covering the bloodied fingers on the fabric as he put the jacket back on. "Wanna grab some breakfast? You must be starving." Dean must have seen the denial on his face because he cut him off before Sam could say anything in reply. "They even have food for health freaks like you, come on."
"Yeah, Jack, we're in this together," Sam agreed and then Dean could feel another one of the contemplative stares his brother had been giving him repeatedly over the last few hours bore into his neck. "No leaving anyone behind this time. There's no flame to keep burning."
Sam gave him a confused look when Dean set down the mugs on the table, but left the choice of drink uncommented. The hot chocolate brought the softest hint of a smile to Jack's face, but it was overshadowed again, mere seconds after, as all three of them sat and took some careful sips, staring off into the distance, drifting away.
"Three... what?" Dean blinked. "We've only been here for a few hours."
Jack had been sitting on the backseat in silence the whole way, but now he finally spoke, "We'll find something."
"Possible," Dean mused, apparently put at ease by talking about monster lore enough for the tension to slowly seep back out of his shoulders. This shift was strange for Castiel to witness, because in the universe he knew, the brothers' roles had been quite the opposite. "Or it's a benevolent banshee. I've read about those while you were off with Dad, handling Europe."
"It stopped us from driving right into the middle of this freak storm," Dean said, his eyes fixed on the road. Castiel saw his jaw clench in an achingly familiar display of barely suppressed stress. Dean's words made him wish he could claim even this shred of usefulness for himself, but the truth was, he'd had no idea about the thunderstorm. It had been nothing but a coincidence that he'd prevented the brothers from driving straight into its core. Perhaps he made a better banshee than he did an angel. Heaven knew he'd never been any good at that.
of it. Windows existed—quite possibly constructed with the sole motivation in mind to taunt the cells' occupants with the closeness of light, hidden just behind bars shaped in ancient Enochian warding symbols. Barely out of reach, telling you the light persisted, you just weren't a part of it any longer.
Dean had been cold before. Spending the night in the Impala hadn't been a rare occurrence growing up, not even during winter. He had hunted in the middle of a snowstorm with a line of sight no longer than arm’s length. Once, he had even cracked through the thin layer of ice covering a lake and had found himself dripping wet and alone in a snowy forest in the middle of January. He knew what it was like to be cold.
any of the answers. And everyone who did has just—just disappeared on us. If they were still there, don't you think they would have opened the door to that underground base of theirs when we knocked and shouted?"
Castiel answered, impatiently looking down at the tie pin in their hand and cursing this Sam's penchant for vanity. He turned his head to the passenger side to check what was taking Sam so long, only to be met with a slosh of water from a flask straight into Dean's face.
A radiant smile on his mother's face in Heaven.
"Don't make me regret this," he finally spoke into the cold and Castiel could have wept, if he had a body to do so.
More by accident than anything else, his eyes found the notepad next to the candle, saw the writing that hadn't been there when he'd fallen asleep. The content of the note made him sputter, coughing out the liquid in his surprise. Choking on air he didn't need, he stared at the words, read them again and again until something inside of him
Sam blinked in confusion.
"Dean, I swear..."
Not that a regular weapon would do him much good against demons, but it gave him the illusion of a situation he was familiar with. A hunt. That was something he could manage. The demons halted their advance abruptly, and Sam followed their gaze to see Rowena holding one of her palms out, like she did when casting a spell.
"So that means you
"Bold assumption, considering the fact that it's you who is making it," Rowena said loud enough to be heard outside. "Was it not your own deeds that brought us all here? Do your so-called followers even know the truth?"
"I'm sorry, Samuel," Dean said quietly.
He shouldn't have supported this insane plan. He should have stopped Dean, somehow, from entering a realm that they
Despite Dean's penchant for exaggerations, his assessment of the situation was, in fact, quite accurate. Their motoric abilities were under Dean's control and that was a good thing. Castiel was still disoriented and struggled to get used to the connection with a human body again, even though he remembered how much at home he had come to feel in his own vessel. Carefully, he nudged Dean aside just the smallest bit to take in a deep breath. It was strangely unsatisfactory in the Empty, no comparison at all to having a body on Earth.
"Serve him?"
He had returned the control over this body fully to Dean, sensing how strongly the exchange with his brother affected him. The moment Dean started talking about Castiel, he felt that hesitant warmth flowing between them again, and was strangely touched by this Dean's faith in him. Through Dean's eyes, he saw the decision solidifying on Sam's face a moment before the hunter opened his mouth to yell, as loud as he could, "JACK!"
When the tips of her fingers started to run over his scalp in a way that set all his nerves alight, he thought that maybe, just maybe this could be it. The dance of their tongues reflected how it had always been between them, enough difference to intrigue, to seem like opposites on the surface. But something at their core had always just
"Sam...," she said, her voice stifled by tears, and her hands icy in his. "I thought—I thought my magic could protect me from ever getting hurt again. But now I lost that, too. I don't even know who I am anymore."
That sentence didn't even make a whole lot of sense, but it seemed to voice perfectly what they were all feeling.
"You think the forest is safer than the farm house?"
"Roderick... thank you, for—"
Trying to catch his breath, he used the illumination from one of Limbo's constant lightning flashes to look back the way they had come from. The palace was nothing but a barely recognizable shadow somewhere at the horizon, across a vast plain of uneven rock. Sam nodded and let himself be dragged to the side. They hadn't quite reached the cliffs yet, but outcrops had begun to line their path.
A burst of laughter freed itself from Jack's throat, tinged in melancholy and memories.
"Maybe I can help. How do I find you, though?"
That made Jack stop dead in his tracks.
"Because," she said, finally letting her hand touch his cheek instead of hovering. "It turns out I have excellent taste after all."
He could feel her sobs against his chest, so he let his hands run up and down her back and buried his face into her hair, his eyes falling closed against the weight of their shared pain.
Dean didn't notice, fully focused on Sam's drawing, covering every new symbol as soon as it appeared with both the powder and the green substance. The thoughts in Jack's head became increasingly incoherent and he figured there was a joke somewhere in the fact that Sam had troubles in getting a lighter to work in Hell.
"Water is the ultimate source of life. It is everywhere. Feel its vastness, feel its touch on your skin."
Do you think you magically possess the key to this car all of a sudden?
"Does this qualify as stealing?"
"Us," Dean said, stepping up right next to Sam again. "Killing each other in some sort of shitty, dramatic showdown. Me killing Sam, Sam killing me, both of us killing each other, he's tried it all. Put the guns into our hands, but couldn't get us to pull the triggers."
Something pulled at him, pulled at his core that was harboring the spark. He was horrified that it would be taken from him. Certain he could no longer persist without it, he tried to cling to it, only to find that it wasn't dissolving
"Not this again."
The metal felt icy in his hand.
"Can't believe I'm doing this," Roderick muttered softly to himself before speaking more clearly again. "These." He held up the box. "Are
Not even hearing Roderick's reply to that, Jack tried his hardest to concentrate despite the tension of the fight. He breathed in deeply, evenly, listening only to the beating of his own heart. He watched the movement of Dean's lips as they formed words that weren't his, rekindled the urge to free Dean's body of this intruder in one last gesture of respect and love. Then he found it, like a latch snapping open inside of him. Suddenly everything was louder, brighter, more acute.
it. Revenge, at least, had tasted sweet for the fracture of a moment, but Jack had mentioned Lucifer almost killing him by cutting out his grace. So that pathetic wanker of an archangel walked free, rendering useless even the one thing Crowley had thought he was meant for.
listen to me," Castiel spoke hurriedly. "I'm not what you think. I'm an ally, a—a friend. I don't serve God, not anymore. God is a threat, to the world, to all of us. And the other Dean is—" Castiel balled his fists helplessly. "He's in danger. I need your help to save him. I'll answer all of your questions to the best of my ability." His voice grew rough in undisguised vulnerability. "But
Jack gasped and sat up straighter, looking directly into the face that had ended his life once before in a burst of light and agony. Chuck's eyes flashed black. God held out his arm and black smoke rose from his skin as he turned his wrist with a gentle wiggle of fingers.
backwards with another stick to meet Dean in the middle.
Everything came to a halt. The squirrel was frozen mid-movement, leaves no longer rustling under its feet. A bubble of dead silence surrounded him. The blades of grass near his shrub were no longer swaying in the wind, crystallized in a shard of time.
! In all my time, not even I have dared touch the Empty like this."
that small rest of grace inside of him. It was uncurling, reaching, searching. The knowledge alone that he was walking directly along the border to the realm that held Castiel prisoner sufficed to set his whole being on fire, his own grace yearning for that familiar touch of Castiel's grace, with all its warmth and safety. Home.
"Hey," he returned, trying to rub the tiredness from his eyes, unsure what else to say.
do hugs now," Jack reasoned, remembering the way every single embrace in his life had made him feel, easing whatever burden he was carrying at the time by just that small bit that made all the difference. With a twinge of sympathy, he imagined how terrible it would have been not to be allowed even this small comfort in a world that was far too confusing and cruel.
Apparently, the pang of guilt that always struck Castiel during this particular memory was pervasive enough to reach Dean as well. He trailed off.
"Bloody Hell, cub."
The words sat there, festering, mutely soaking the air between them in sorrow.
, you know?" Jack nodded, numbly. "And when I got angry, I'd say the dumbest shit I didn't mean. The things I've said to Sam over the years, to... to..."
"Rowena?" he asked, raising his hands helplessly. "I'm not... sure what you're trying to say." At that, a pebble flew high enough to hit him straight against the forehead. Sam blinked. There wasn't enough force behind it to actually hurt and his skin felt unharmed, but the way Dean was now snorting next to him was enough to make Sam huff out an annoyed breath. "Seriously?" he asked both the open air and his brother.
All three of them. I... I'm scared."
Only once he was finished, he returned to his senses from something that had been almost an out-of-body experience. Rowena was giving him a strange look, lifting her hand to the freshly healed parts of her face.
And wasn't that just the peak of it all, that when he tried to kill himself to trap Lucifer, he was brought back to life, only to see even his final plan, his grand sacrifice, turn out to be nothing but a failure? Irony at its best. He snorted, staring down at the bottle in his hand. Drink, that's what he was supposed to do, what was left now. Feel as disgusted with the taste on his tongue as he did with life. He glanced at the unlit candle while bringing the bottle back to his lips, remembering the way something as simple as lighting a match seemed to have brought true joy to the lad.
"How are you feeling?" she asked in a voice quietly matching the muted atmosphere between them. Only once the words had already been spoken, she realized how the question could be interpreted, and she hurried to add, "Your body needs nourishment, but I'm not sure where to find any of that out here, far away from the palace."
that angel is a cosmic boomerang, returning to the position of Dean bloody Winchester no matter what. It's sickening, really.
it would be then, once more, regardless of their current state of life or death.
The question was hesitant, careful, with no traces of abrasiveness left in the exchange.
He found himself in an abandoned warehouse, moonlight shining in where parts of the roof had broken down. And he was inside of his vessel, even if it was all just an illusion. The simple feeling of flexing his fingers was something he hadn't appreciated enough while he still could, growing far too used to it over time for it to be anything noteworthy. This borrowed human body that had later become his alone had started to feel more
instead of something short and sweet, like a sane person would have done? But not me. Of course not me. Sigh, typical.
Dean shrugged, still standing on the sill of the opened door and plastering a smile on his face. "What can I say? End of the world, and all that."
"Everyone you knew is dead. You're alone. You're ours."
When the snores increased in volume, Jack worried at first that it meant Roderick was waking, but then he noticed how much easier it suddenly became to balance on his toes. The emotions coursing through him must have sufficed to activate the remnants of his angel senses without even trying to. He still couldn't get the hang of it, the random circumstances that made them work while they refused to when he really tried.
Dean sighed and swallowed, keeping his eyes on the road. He didn't want to admit it, but he knew Castiel was right. Dean's grip on the steering wheel tightened. He formed and discarded multiple sentences in his head, unable to choose how to even begin explaining all of this to Sam, especially now that he'd already lied.
"Samuel, get in the car!" Dean bellowed, his voice much rougher than the pleasant tone that seemed to be his baseline. Castiel wondered why situations of distress were always what highlighted the overlap between both Deans to an extent that made his yearning a physical sensation at the core of his being. A twinge that reminded him of what was at stake here, as if there had been any chance he could forget even for a single second.
a banshee—and I don't think it is—but even if it was, banshees are monsters. We hunt monsters. Why would one of them suddenly decide to save our lives?"
"All right, fine! I won't touch your phone. But
Thunder underlined his point rather dramatically. If only Castiel could
No reply. No flickering apparition, no moving objects.
not by any definition that followed common logic. Certainly, she could still feel pain in a realm that was constructed around the sensation, meant to accommodate it in all shapes and varieties, even reinforcing it in comparison to the way it felt on Earth. But the pain on her cheek had barely even registered, a mere background noise to concerns far more pressing. She'd endured so much worse in the past. Healing her hadn't been
"What
all the hurt and confusion that came with a situation like that. But if they felt it too, they must have buried it so deeply that no trace of it was still visible on the outside. Not even the other Dean was capable of such a feat, but not for lack of trying. Castiel had just always been able to see past the act, with him. The man lying in front of him, though, didn't seem to be putting up an act. Frowning slightly at the ceiling, Dean shook his head, then closed his eyes.
"This isn't the time to dawdle,
An echo of the earlier agony surged up in his chest and he curled his fingers into fists in protectiveness he couldn't place anywhere else.
. Worse than Hell, worse than any torture he'd ever endured. He'd never go back, never let anything or anyone dig that deep again. Never. Rocks tumbled down with loud crashes below him, stirred by his panicked movements. His vision returned only just in time for him to catch himself with his boots against the steep wall that formed the ravine.
"I'm... sorry. About your mother. What business do you mean?" Jack asked, frowning at the speaker in confusion.
Jack gasped. "You... you know who I am?"
twice in one damn day!"
"Cassie, holy hell, slow down! You want me to—
Still on his knees, he shuffled over to where he knew Jack was lying and moved his hand through the darkness until he found the small disturbance in the air above Jack's face that indicated his breath. He could swear it was getting weaker. Sam's felt much stronger in comparison.
"Admittedly, 'safe' may have been a wee bit of an exaggeration. But even with my guards and my protective wards gone, I still stick to the assessment that Hell is safer than Earth when there is a chance we are outside God's influence here. We handled those demons, didn't we?"
"I... I can do this," he said, trying to convince himself more than Roderick.
"Wait, I've seen you before! You were there when we arrived in the other universe." The walls around them started to blur at that and Castiel felt a rush of panic. "You and this younger fellow," Dean kept talking, oblivious to the changes in their environment. "But you never exchanged a word with us, we only ever talked to the other... us." Dean ran a hand through his hair, frowning in remembrance, then tensing up. "They said
"You just
He glanced at the unoccupied armchairs that would probably be hell to sleep in, and even worse to wake up in. The stairway leading up to the unheated bedrooms on the upper floor was visible at the other end of the room. Both options sucked, really. Time to make up a third then. He climbed the stairs, still convinced that someone this tired shouldn't even be standing.
It was disorienting, being unable to see his own body as he made his way through the underbrush. Even if his arms had been visible though, he simply didn't care enough to protect himself from the branches that snapped back at him and bit into his face. The contact of old tears with bloody scratches burned on his skin.
He took special care to bury the fact that he had been unable to see the exit after entering the Empty. Cas really didn't need any of that right now. It was maddening not to have any other way of helping him back to his former strength, to even just do something as simple as give him a smile of encouragement.
I really have no idea if I think I'm funny (I'm adorable), or if this whole thing is just utterly ridiculous. Or maybe this is just the way every three-way telepathy epiphany trip to the Empty with only one body is, I don't know. My deepest thanks to
sleep. Roderick probably needed it, as did Dean, broken as his body was. Jack hadn't meant to fall asleep, though, not knowing how much time remained for any of them, for the world as a whole.
"Are any of them here, Rowena? Did they all... die?"
Remembrance of where they were was a shock of ice, but it helped him snap back into focus. He tuned into their external senses, claiming a part of the impressions. Dean must have noticed the exact moment it happened, because ripples of relief reached Castiel once more, right as he surveyed their surroundings. What he saw was even worse than expected, a realm that should have been everlasting falling into entropy in a slow, but steady decline.
Castiel didn't seize control, but neither did he sink into the background. He shared Dean's voice as they called out repeatedly. Something sounded in the distance that he took for an echo at first. He pulled Sam to a stop near them, prevented him from yelling Jack's name again with a careful hand against his arm. The distant call sounded again.
—would send him reeling like this in a time when he was needed. But it hadn't even been a conscious decision, it had just happened before he had truly realized how close they had become.
He who had room in his heart to love angels more than God ever had, enough so that he would risk his own life for an angel and a nephilim, beings that weren't even the same species as him. The Righteous Man who kept fighting when everyone else had already laid down their arms. He who now held the faith of the whole world on his shoulders, able to perceive the true face of angels. This was Castiel's legacy. An apology in actual words had been outside Naomi's reach, but she would pick up his beacon and carry it to the edge of time itself, up to Earth's very last second.
Seeing Jess everywhere had only been the beginning of a dark path of hallucinations fuelled by both guilt and a desperate craving. The peak of it all had been his realization that there could never be any certainty about what was real. Some imaginations were so vivid, so
Sam stepped back further, retreating back into the living room, clinging to the angel blade. "Okay, nice try, Chuck. You almost had me. But you don't know us as well as you think you do."
Undetected, they reached a narrow passage that was different from the ones they'd left behind, a drawn-out curve instead of the sharp pattern of crossroads from before. The incessant blaring noise was frazzling Sam's nerves, especially given how exhausted he was. But blessedly, following this passage led them away from the source of the alarm signal, causing it to fade into the background. Sam could swear he heard the low rumble of thunder now, but he chalked it up to an after-effect of the strain on his ears. Then the ceiling opened up above them, allowing him an unobstructed view of a pitch-black sky torn apart by flashes of lightning.
Castiel thought and warmth spread through their shared body.
(See the end of the chapter for
The only angel ever possessing Dean before had been Michael from the other universe. Even at first, when Michael had still allowed Dean to be in charge in the fight against Lucifer, it had felt like an invasion. Something foreign barely restrained, churning inside of him trying to break free, to gain control.
"All right, let's..." Inhaling deeply, Sam held up his palm in an attempt to restrain both Rowena and Dean while he was trying to focus. He set down his backpack to dig out the notepad and a pen, then held both out in offering, his fingers pressing down the paper so that it wouldn't move in the breeze. "Does this work? Can you use those to write?"
Roderick seemed to be caught entirely caught off-guard by that, shifting in his seat and clearing his throat, eyes wandering aimlessly through the room.
The last thing he was expecting was the genuine smile that was slowly spreading over the witch's face.
he replied in relief to the voice he had deemed lost forever. Slightly surprised by the change of language, he followed where his old friend led, but withdrew his grace to let it hover at the outmost border of the violet light.
He held it over the unlit candle, but nothing happened. Frowning, he shook the box gently and heard a rattling sound from inside, in time with the clatters of the hailstones against the roof. The cone from Roderick's flashlight shot over to Jack's hands. He saw Roderick close his eyes and wondered if demons could feel tired.
"I saw something in a dream, all right?" was what finally left his lips, a careful half-truth instead of more lies.
"Jack? Jack, hey! Are you all right?"
"Among other things, yes."
He was floating inside his own mind. For once, not drowning under the weight of it all, but floating on top of it. Unsure how much time had passed, he barely registered that Rowena must have stopped talking quite a while ago.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was awkward returning to the kitchen and sitting down at the table with Jack, but the boy had either learned a very good poker face by now, or he truly wasn't fazed by anything that had happened because the way he had grown up, crazy was just a regular day. Sam cleared his throat and Dean unceremoniously placed a plate of fresh fruits and a glass of milk in front of him before returning to his own bowl of cereal.
Considering the suggestion, Sam nodded slowly. "Right. I keep forgetting. How long has it been for you now, three days?"
He could do this. Jack tried hard not to overthink the gravity of the situation, or he'd be too intimidated to do anything at all. He crossed the field with measured steps, ignoring the tightness in his throat and the goosebumps that appeared all over his skin when he approached the place where it had all gone wrong.
His thoughts still hazy, he blinked, trying to make sense of it all. So demons
like there's a bottle hidden somewhere on my person?" Rowena rolled her eyes, nodding down to her form-fitting dress. "No, this is rainwater I collected from a hollow in the rock. I had nothing to carry it with, other than a shoe or my hands. I figured you'd appreciate it if I opted against the shoe."
"No," he said, sitting up straighter. "No, it has to be you. I want it to be you."
She tore her eyes away from Dean, and the fight left her as fast as it had surged up, her shoulders deflating.
His spine snapped another time as he got to his feet, stepping over to the bed. The blanket lay there, twisted. He didn't much care for that feeling of bile rising in his chest. Why did this even surprise him anymore? He'd certainly lived long enough to recognize the pattern of people around him not appreciating his company for what it was. So this was nothing new, just more of the same old, stale song he'd listened to for all his life, until he'd been too sickened by it to listen any longer.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I know you said you don't like cereal, but you should really try this. Some of them taste like bananas, some like strawberries!"
When he finally made it to the top of the canyon, he hoisted that battered body that wasn't his over the edge. Then he just lay on his back, too exhausted to move, and drew in deep, heaving breaths.
"We have to get him back."
"Beg pardon?" Rowena bristled. "It feels like the three years of effort I have spent researching passage into the Empty are a wee bit underappreciated here."
No counter-attack happened. Roderick just stared at him in silence for a moment, then slowly sat up and dusted off his jacket. If he'd been lying, then surely the demon would have taken this chance to just kill Jack? It was all true, then. It had to be. A floodgate opened up inside of him, sweeping away any remaining doubts in a wave of relief so intense, Jack didn't even know what was happening until he had already flung himself at Roderick in a full-body embrace.
On a shelf near the exit, he spotted the tattered lump of cloth that was his stolen jacket and snatched it up. He let go of Rowena and was still in the process of draping the garment over his blood-smeared torso when the door was shoved open right in front of them.
There was the sudden noise of Dean's cereal bowl scraping over the table behind Dean, and Jack was hastily leaning over to catch it in time before it could fall over the edge. Dean's gaze darkened in something that Sam had come to recognize as fake outrage while pointing into the room.
A regretful smile ran over his face that Dean was almost sure wasn't his. He hoped Sam hadn't seen it.
wanting to turn our brains into a five-star weeknight dinner?"
"Truer words were never spoken," she said, then her voice dropped a little lower as she abandoned all levity to move on to the actual task at hand. "The conduit isn't strictly necessary, but it will evoke the frame of mind needed for a spell of this class under such unfavorable circumstances. This would be hard to explain to someone who has never practiced magic before, but luckily you have, and you weren't even half bad at it, so there is hope."
Pooling everything he had into this battle as if it could erase the damage he'd inflicted, Castiel sent more of his grace into the violet light in front of him. At the same time, more images were conjured from the bottom of his mind for Dean to see. The pale face of a female vessel framed by dark curls, smiling at him. Lips pressed to his own. A naked body standing before him. The blossoming pride mixed with a sting of sadness when she freed her vessel. A blade rammed through a skull from behind, sticking out from the new vessel's mouth after the angel had tried to save him one last time.
Sam had the distinct impression there was something Dean wasn't telling him, but, if anything, that only confirmed his assumption that this was really Dean. There was no reason for secrets if this was a hallucination. Plus, he had a pretty good guess where Dean's sudden interest in the language of angels was rooted, so he didn't press it.
"Dean?" Jack asked into the night. "What am I?"
Dean turned around instantly, and his face mirrored the untroubled smile Jack was wearing. That threw Sam more off balance than even the Enochian had. The last coherent memory he had was of being besieged in Hell by a horde of demons, after having lost almost everyone they had ever cared about. Nothing was making any
His attention snapped back over to Balthazar whose form now exuded a glow that was steady, firm.
"Cas, you..."
"Yes, the temperature has dropped a lot."
Then he heard a noise, a metallic clink of something falling to the floor in an adjacent room. He sped up his steps and when he identified the low grunts of fighting, changed into a full-out run. His trenchcoat billowing behind him, he arrived in a narrow hallway shrouded in shadows and silver glimpses of moonlight. That's where he found Dean, swarmed by a whole nest of vampires at the other end of the long passage.
information. The chewing gum was orange-flavored, the toy figure stemmed from the cereal box in the bunker's kitchen, and the writing on the paper was Sam's notes on the portal spell he had used to bring them back. Dean rubbed his hands through the wetness on his face with an exhale akin to bitter laughter at how useless all of it was.
"Sam?" she asked, her voice soft again in that way that was so unlike her. It sounded smaller than the person she was.
in Hell he'd watch her sacrifice herself another time. He tried to pull her back, but she resisted, so he did the only thing he could and positioned himself at her side, encouraged by how
"The size, obviously," Roderick replied, the corners of his eyes crinkling like they did when someone smiled.
Roderick lifted his own blade for an attack and Jack moved to parry, but then he took an unannounced fist to his cheek from the other side that caused him to stumble backwards. His feet slipped on the wilted leaves, whirling several of them up into the air in the scuffle. A predatory smile ran over Dean's face at the sight and something primal flared up in the red of those eyes, darkening them to the shade of blood.
Without any warning, Dean stepped away from them towards the nearest wall. Jack worried for a moment that he might punch it in some sort of outburst and injure himself, but all he did was place both of his palms flat against the stone, then let his forehead sink against it with a trembling sigh.
Even in the middle of the memory, in the claws of despair over the lives he had taken, it happened again. The face changed, its look of hurt and betrayal morphing into something softer. He felt a tingling sensation, suffused with warmth, so much warmth. Longing. The word was spoken again, but trickled through his grasp like grains of sand.
Ugh, naturally that didn't work. Why is it that nothing can ever be easy with you?"
The demon's body near his own tensed up, then went very still. Jack thought Roderick would extricate himself, but after two more heartbeats, Jack felt hands on his back.
"But you do. You care."
He remembered that Sam had discovered this almost-phone in the barn, and more importantly, that there had been
She set down the shoe filled with water in front of them before reclaiming her sitting spot next to Sam with a light shrug.
Watching his brother move with a silent determination, head held high, Sam couldn't help but wonder again what exactly had happened. He knew Dean, knew him better than he had ever known anyone else in the world. After decades spent together and more shared trauma than should reasonably fit into a lifetime, he had learned to read everything his brother didn't say.
"Dean Winchester, after all the effort I've been through!"
, but something kept his feet rooted to the spot. Every fiber of his being fought against how wrong it felt to leave her to whatever asshole stood outside in the hallway. He still tried to pull his brother in the direction of the rift, but Sam struggled free.
The mental attacks continued, each demon's touch slightly different, but all of them tried to gain control and got repelled in the same manner. The warding tattoo on his chest warmed up. Frustration was almost a tangible thing in the misty air around him when the separate smoke forms in the cloud began to turn against each other in their fight for dominance.
Something ran over the back of Sam's hand and his lower arm at these words, not quite a touch, more like the shadow of one. It made the small hairs on his skin stand up, but he couldn't find it in him to be creeped out, far too relieved about the knowledge that Rowena wasn't currently being tortured in Hell. Thinking about her was complicated, had been so for a while. He still remembered the gut punch feeling of her death all too well, had never truly been able to shake it off despite her assurances that death had been the best thing to ever happen to her.
"Whoa whoa whoa," Dean called out, following him to the other room with both hands lifted up in the air placatingly. "Sam? It's me." Dean let that statement stand on its own, focusing him with an intense gaze, every trace of a smile now vanished.
"What the..." Dean steadied himself against the wall with one hand, holding Jack with the other. Sam caught his balance at the edge of the table.
"So, why was he alone? This can't be good," he said with a frown at the door. The universe must have agreed with him, because that was when Hell's alarm sounded, a deep, pervasive roar akin to a massive warhorn.
He suddenly became aware of Rowena's chanting behind them and dared to turn around for a second to see symbols glowing on her outstretched palms that hadn't been there before, the orange light beneath barely restrained by her skin, urging to break free. Her voice grew from a quietly muttered verse on repetition into a burst of a crescendo that illuminated the room in an eruption of light.
A guttural scream cut through the silence, loud enough to be heard even through the closed door. And there
"Sorry, Samuel," he said. "Didn't mean to wake you. Just... bad dreams, you know."
"Yeah, uh, thanks for that," Dean said, stowing the Anti-Vampire Device in his jacket. He winced when the movement pulled at the broken skin of the joint between his shoulder and neck.
I fortify. I reinforce. I strengthen.
The abrupt motion seemed to have shocked the room into silence. Jack wanted so badly to make a significant contribution to their efforts, but he simply had no idea what to say or do. Not without his powers. He wasn't even sure anymore where he would end up if he died right there on the spot. Would he still be sent to the Empty? Was he still part angel at all? If not, then what was he?
"What does that even have to do with—Dean?" Sam asked into the half-light, apparently having picked up on the change in his brother's behavior.
The gray day had more in common with the last remnants of light before nightfall than with early afternoon, so Sam did a double-take at his wristwatch. A shudder ran through him at the realization that it really wasn't his watch that was malfunctioning, but the sky.
Something sizzled in front of them, the vague outline of a human visible for a split-second before it disappeared again. Their shared gasps meant the others had seen it, too.
to walk by when I mess up and get myself killed by a nest of vampires?"
Sam snorted, actually snorted. They were going to raise a wildfire.
"That noise wasn't the
"Is this my grandfather?" Jack asked in dawning horror. God had already taken everything he possibly could from their family. If he was here now, it would be with a finality that had Jack tightening his grip on Dean's arm.
The clattering of a skull rolling over the wet stone tore Sam out of his haze. He'd accidentally kicked it with the tip of his boot, tripping in his exhaustion. He stopped, lifting his head up into the drizzle of rain from a non-sky in perpetual darkness. His lips parted, letting the raindrops run down over them, but it did nothing against the parched feeling in his throat. A hand touched his left shoulder, the uninjured one.
"Wish that all problems were as easy to solve as this one. Ah, Squirrel, bless your predictable penchant for crude violence."
Samuel!"
"Interesting."
Jack stored this information as important, even though he had no idea yet what to do with it. If nothing else, this meant his counterpart probably wasn't just a regular human. And he certainly didn't talk like an angel either. So what was this mysterious man?
Sam deliberately withdrew his arm, let it sink down as the distance between them grew larger. "Keep going, Jack!
She took that as the peace offering it was and actually smiled, though it was a tired, lost thing. Sam felt too worn out to smile back. Voices sounded somewhere behind them, high up in the palace, yelling something that was too far away to understand. But it sufficed to bring them back to the present. In unspoken agreement, they abandoned the cage and continued on their path through skeletons and rocks, towards the outline of distant cliffs touched by lightning.
"A bomb to kill a deity? Wherever would you draw upon the inspiration for such a marvelous idea?"
"You promised me answers!" he accused, refusing to move even an inch further.
certainly wasn't something he'd expected to hear, least of all from an actual angel. Something warm unfolded in their body and Dean failed to stop another smile from running over their face, sensing Sam's squint without even seeing it. He couldn't help it, he was starting to like this angel—what had he said his name was? Castiel?
Sam himself was hanging by a thread and he knew it. Doing a weird balancing act here at the end of the world to keep going, but a single misstep would be enough for everything to come crashing down. He wouldn't have had the strength to pull Dean out of his own abyss, not this time. But, amazingly, he didn't have to. And he knew better than to risk this precarious balance by breaching the most dangerous topic of all.
He couldn't have told who of them moved first. Maybe it was one of those rare moments where two minds melded into exactly the same split-second decision. The distance between them shrank and their lips met, just a gentle contact at first, skin gliding over skin. His eyes sought hers, checking for any sign of not wanting this. All he saw was that her tears of loss had morphed into something else, something warmer.
Sam insisted, while Rowena intoned different words right over him,
help me save Dean. I need you to say yes for me to temporarily share your body."
The electricity powering the darkened letters spelling out
Before that moment, his chest had already been pierced by shards of loss. But having both Dean and Castiel returned to him for a mere few seconds, only to have them torn away another time, was
than any other angel had ever been. He really should be here with them now, in this final war. Sam still had no idea how an angel, of all things, had become their best friend. But he had, and Sam missed him, missed that aura of calm he somehow projected, fitting into a slot in their family Sam hadn't known existed until Cas had joined it.
for Sam to realize what Dean was doing and join his efforts, drawing the alphabet's letters from
There was the distinct impression that Dean was holding something back, but then decided to at least drop one layer of the safety wall.
"Exactly," Roderick said, pointing a finger in agreement and getting up from the table to search the cabin's cupboards. "Wise words for a three-year-old." Jack heard a clink and the sloshing of liquid before Roderick sat back down at their table, holding a single small glass of a golden beverage.
Now that's reassuring."
Jack was even more confused now. "Why is that good?"
And then Sam smiled. An honest-to-God, genuine smile of the kind he'd thought he'd lost forever. It should have been impossible.
"Jack!" he called into the night, no longer caring what his voice could give away.
Dean could
That last name summoned a wave of indignation from Crowley's direction.
"Good enough for me," Sam said and returned to his bed. Now that this issue was out of the way, he fell asleep rather fast, judging by the soft snores coming from his direction after a few minutes.
Dean seemed to wait for him to say something else, searching his face. When Jack made no attempt to continue the conversation, Dean sighed and stood. Jack expected him to leave, to join Sam and Rowena at the other side of the room, and was surprised when Dean instead crossed the distance and sat down at the foot of the bed.
Dean openly shared his perspective of Lucifer stabbing Castiel through the heart, and they almost sank to their knees under the weight of it. Castiel caught their balance and gasped at the intensity of the vision.
feel vulnerable for a banshee to latch onto it, if the circumstances are right," Dean said, his voice carefully factual. "Might be enough that any other person would feel it in the same situation."
"No, I know that. The best ways to help don't end with me dead," Jack recited, remembering the way Dean had looked at him when he'd said those words last night. Jack's eyes now roamed over that same face, and it was still a surreal experience and a confusing tangle of emotions to be talking to someone else inhabiting Dean's body. Someone he was starting to appreciate in his own right.
He'd done it. The bastard had actually gone and
The demon grinned. Something glinted in the torchlight behind him. Then a yellow glow lit him up from within, surrounded him with a crackling noise right as the expression on his face was overtaken by surprise. Still caught mid-motion of sinking to his knees, he dissolved, not leaving any body behind.
He stared down into the precipice, still unable to judge just how far down it reached, so he picked up a small rock and threw it, hard. It rebounded off the walls of the chasm, a
Rowena smiled and Sam returned it. It was an involuntary reaction that his body remembered how to do, muscle memory so ingrained that it could still function even though there was no happiness to be found here at the end of the world. He saw the darkness he felt reflected in Rowena's eyes, just as unaffected by the notion of mirth as his own must be looking.
"And round and round it goes," Roderick sighed. "Jack, let me tell you, from someone who knows firsthand, that Winchester-patented road of self-sacrifice doesn't lead anywhere good. You
that was loud in his ears. Jack waited, tensely, for the final impact, but the sounds only got muffled the further the rock descended until silence blanketed him once more.
A cursory glance to the side confirmed that Rowena had retreated together with him, now standing at the torturing bench's other side. Without averting his gaze from the advancing demons, Sam fumbled to get his arms through the sleeves, then felt around on the side table behind him that showcased various torturing implements. His fingers closed around the handle of a scalpel.
"Dean, why is it so dark?"
Castiel felt his desire to groan rise, but kept himself in check.
"Sammy! Sam! Draw faster!"
Just that it wasn't. It had been ripped away from him just like that. No warning, no solace, not even a goodbye. Cas had assured him he didn't have to worry about the deal, that it was unlikely it would ever come to fruition. And Jack had believed him, both because he trusted him and because these words matched with what he knew about life.
right to do this. You don't even have a right to be here! Your mere presence in these halls is a stain on this place and everything it stands for!"
"Dean, and as
Sweat began to gather on their human forehead. The strain on his grace was too strong for Castiel to focus on much else, including the forming of words, but Dean prayed with an intensity that sufficed for both of them.
"Takes one to know one," he shot back, the corners of his mouth twitching weakly.
, this was fucking creepy. He should have brought the damn flashlight, but then again, who knew if carrying items into the Empty was possible at all. Continuing this line of thought suddenly had him gasp and pat down his own body, then he exhaled in relief to still find fabric under his fingers. Okay then, bringing items worked. Probably. Unless this was all just one big holodeck, or whatever.
The reply stirred up a confusing mess of thoughts in his head. It should have been good news that everyone was
Vanish!
Holding his brother's gaze, he shoved the rest of the cereal from his hand into his mouth, crunching between his teeth, then washed it all down with the glass of milk. Dean's eyes crinkled.
The brothers had divided them among themselves. Following this line of thought to the end was bound to cause Jack more pain, but the light still flashed insistently in his hand. Did he really dare to hope another time?
gaping hole in his memory, gnawing away at his sanity. He didn't know how he had gotten to this room, strapped to a torturing table. The last thing he remembered was a tornado of demonic force inside of him, his mind suddenly filled with more voices than he could count. And then they had pressed him down, down, down until he had lost any and all awareness of his surroundings.
"As peachy as someone who's dead can be," Dean replied, not entirely finished with chewing. The bowl in Dean's hand jerked at that, and he resolutely held it in place. "See?"
Sam frowned at that, actually seeming to consider the thought like the nerd that he was before asking, "How did Crowley ever do it?"
field.
Sam was at a loss what to do with that, so he just left it hanging in the air, still surprised over how quickly Rowena had caught herself. She always seemed to be able to shift gears far more quickly than anyone else, sliding fluently from one state into the next and leaving everyone else puzzled. Maybe that was the point.
"If you could kill us, witch, we'd be dead by now. That was all just bullshit, wasn't it?"
Roderick inclined his head in a one-sided shrug that said nothing short of
It wasn't exactly a new experience for Jack not to grasp every nuance of the things being said in his presence. Sometimes he'd felt like he understood only half of the things Dean uttered. Right now, though, he was growing frustrated because the awareness that he was required to
Castiel sighed, had to force himself not to avert his gaze once more, to face the light directly until his entire field of vision was filled with a starless night sky.
Dean was the only one unaffected by the smiting, at least physically. Still lying on the floor and pressing a hand against the side of his neck, he glanced back and forth between Castiel and the pile of corpses, dazed. When Castiel had covered all but the last few steps of distance between them, he slowed down to a measured walk and approached the hunter. He lowered the hand he'd used to channel the smiting and extended it to help Dean up from the floor.
Castiel's earlier relief over being able to communicate with ease now seemed short-sighted. If he admitted to the dreamwalking, that might just rouse Dean from his sleep before Castiel had an opportunity to mention any of the truly important things. But he also didn't want to start their acquaintance with a lie.
"To get out of the rain, of course," Dean replied.
She couldn't help but lift one of her hands to his face, not meaning to wake him, just to feel the reality of his skin under her fingers. In the attempt not to disturb the rest he so urgently needed, she merely let her hand hover over his cheek, the smallest distance away without touching, but close enough to feel the life pulse under his skin, exuding more warmth. Careful as she was, the movement couldn't possibly have woken him, but still he stirred, blinking open eyes that met hers. Never had a bigger fool than her walked the Earth when her body responded to his smile with the weightlessness of a fluttering feeling in her stomach. This wasn't supposed to happen.
MOOOAH - I repent.
In his true form, Castiel loomed far higher than anything else nearby, but he'd been centering his entire concentration on the car's occupants until the moment something crashed against the roof. Again. And again. Both brothers gasped in surprise, but Dean didn't slow down in their race down the road. Castiel broadened his focus beyond the vehicle's metal shell and saw that chunks of solid ice were raining down from the tenebrous threat of the sky.
With that surprising perceptiveness he had, Roderick must have picked up on the things Jack didn't say.
"You—you think we can actually win? Just—just you and me against—against all of Hell and... God?"
The demon's head darted up, and for the fraction of a moment, his red eyes bore lucidity as they focused on them. He reared up on the floor, arching his back. The smoke around him blurred and gathered in a concentrated cloud of crimson, giving up the humanoid shape. The cloud bolted towards them, up their outstretched arm and straight into their mouth, even as the tendrils tried to hold it back.
in stabbing that woman, though, no matter how innocent Sam believed her to be. Had he not done anything, they would have run straight into her trap. They'd have
It took a moment before Roderick's reply to that arrived, but Jack reasoned this news wasn't the easiest to process.
"Oh, come on, don't insult my intelligence. Of course I know who you are, what you are. You've told me yourself, all humans are gone. And how many three-year-old demons or angels do you know?"
And then his mind received an image, an impression of colors in stark contrast to the smothering darkness. A deep azure blue with streaks of white and black and gold running through it, with an ethereal, white glow radiating from its core. The sight was breath-taking in a way that wiped him clear of any thought. A glimpse of three pairs of wings flashed through his head, all lightning and shadow, an afterimage indented into his mind.
"Naomi, thank you.
Who is Jack?!"
"I—I'm sorry, Sam!" Dean called back over their shoulder. "I can't explain right now. I need you to trust me,
For fear of getting discovered too soon, he allowed himself no more than the occasional gasp, otherwise sobbing silently through the noises he heard while drawing with hectic motions. As soon as he had finished the trap, he covered it up with leaves again. Then he felt for the clasp holding the small anti-possession charm in place that the Winchesters had provided him with after the attempt to get him tattooed had failed spectacularly. The stem of the tree had a hole in it that he hid the charm in. Once that was accomplished, he shouted towards the field, proud of the way his voice was barely shaking, "I was sired by Lucifer himself. I'm the most powerful vessel on this planet. If you let Sam Winchester go, I will not resist whichever demon claims me first."
He threw it right as the demon attempted to grab him, and thanked whatever power was kinder than God had ever been that the flames jumped over to his enemy's jacket. The distraction gave them enough of a headstart to dash around a corner at an intersection. Up ahead at the other end of the corridor, Sam recognized the tall gate leading into the throne room. New voices were audible around the next turn, lost in conversation and apparently still oblivious to the escape attempt happening so close to them.
a God's Will, just archangels who thought themselves the center of the universe. Oh, she
"Fine, yes, you got me. Maybe it's not
"There is no need for that," Sam said. "They cannot follow, not a single one of them still has a vessel. God was very thorough in his eradication. In fact, you three must now be the only viable vessels left in any of the planes. Not so viable of an option for a demon, of course." Sam brought a hand to his clavicle, patting the spot where his shirt was covering his tattoo, and smiled tiredly. "It had to prove useful sooner or later that I refused to be turned."
Sam's arms closed around him. Dean's eyes found Jack's, saw the world shattering in them. The sight of the kid still standing over there, alone, was a whole different kind of hurt, the angry words Dean had yelled still a fresh memory.
forgetting about that. "The hailstorm has stopped," he remarked inconspicuously, nodding his head towards the parking lot outside. "What do you say, shall we go back out there and find some answers?"
He hadn't walked far when the sound of a voice made his head snap around.
The black veins redoubled their effort to stifle the light in Balthazar's angelic form, and Castiel groaned in tension, balled their hands into fists. Even just sending memories Dean's way proved almost too much, but he conjured the image of a boy wearing a ridiculous red and white outfit, looking up at him with trust in his eyes the moment Castiel stabbed him. Dean wasn't quite fast enough to conceal his shock about this revelation, and Castiel felt it weaken the connection, make him lose ground in his fight against the essence of the Empty.
Jack put all of his angelic strength into a push that turned them around, with him now kneeling over Dean's prone body. He held his blade to Dean's throat, and even though Roderick dropped his weapon to hold back Jack's arm with both hands, Jack might still have managed the killing blow. Something stopped him.
Rowena lifted one shoulder in a shrug. "We had to get out of the palace, and this is the only part of Hell where they cannot easily follow us."
her, even when others didn't.
. Erased. Along with every other friend who had still been left at that point. He couldn't, he just couldn't—
"He will do even worse things to us if we let the Vessel escape," one of the demons said, the one who hadn't been torturing him before, and hesitated. Two pairs of eyes flashed black. The touch of a hand against his arm was the unspoken signal Sam had been waiting for. He threw the entire side table at their enemies and a variety of metal instruments clattered to the ground, a cacophony in the blanket of threatening silence that had fallen over the room.
Several seconds of silence ticked by until the tension drained from Dean's posture, though he still didn't say a single word, nothing that could have helped Castiel gauge how to continue from here. Bringing his hand closer to the blood-drenched skin, Castiel inclined his head in question. "Allow me?"
"Bro, you heard that too, right?" Sam asked and exchanged a bewildered glance with Dean, shadows drawn over their faces by the waning daylight. Both of them were breathing rapidly after their sudden brake in the middle of the road. The song continued to play in the background, but it had lost the brothers' attention.
"You believe in prophecy, but I don't," he told her, and waited for the second demon to step out into the corridor to arrest him. Sam's muscles tensed in preparation for what he was about to do. "I believe in choice." Her eyes widened, came back alive.
Castiel was losing his mind. He could still hear the urgency behind the words of Jack's prayer, but was unable to act on it while having to deal with technicalities that had never posed a problem before. Trying to calm his worries with a deep breath behind closed eyes, he touched two of Dean's fingers to the ignition and hoped intently this would work as he sent his grace through the vehicle's circuitry. At the sound of the motor springing to life, their head was hastily turned around, tracking Sam's movement as he rounded the car.
Sam removed the second jacket that was still hanging over his shoulders and held it out to Dean, purposefully staying clear of the handprint on it. "I think this is yours."
Hearing it out loud turned Sam's resolve into a brittle thing. He swallowed, nodded. There was a question burning on his mind, something he
He had interpreted the blinding flash that had taken it all away as final before, an end to something that wasn't meant to end yet.
Castiel repeated, the word echoing forlornly in their head.
If anyone is looking for something else to read, check out Static_Saturn's amazing debut, the post-15x19 WIP
"Oh, it certainly worked. It worked when it shouldn't have."
Not Jack. No matter what, Sam wouldn't let them lay a finger on the nephilim.
"No more dying," he whispered, even though they couldn't hear him.
he breathed out in a whisper, and a gentle purple and golden glow appeared between his hand and her face.
mean that. Before you made the walkie-talkie ring, I was all alone. God, he didn't just make all squirrels disappear. It's all animals. All—" Jack swallowed. "All humans. Even creatures like werewolves."
His eyes fell back onto the oily substance, hanging in the air as a petrified black lightning strike. The distance was much greater now than when Dean had made that leap, but maybe Jack's hidden angelic strength reserves could help him cover it. Or maybe he would end up as a smudge down below, in the unknown depths of the chasm. More likely the latter. He missed his wings.
"Rowena?" Sam asked with the urgency of a sudden insight and nodded to where Dean was standing. "What if we don't
The demon in front of them sank to his knees, held his head and curled up as tremors ran through him.
What a load of bull dung. Everything had been lies built upon lies. There hadn't even
"Better?" she asked, sitting down next to him with her back to the cave wall.
Rowena yelled, pushing both of her palms out in a line. With an incongruously pleasant smile, she adjusted her hair. Not a single sound from any of the demons could be heard any longer and that only made their own breathing appear even louder in the quiet of the room. Jack pressed his jaws against each other, too distracted by the attempt to suppress any pained noises to entirely follow the conversation.
He was still preparing to focus his true voice on the black mass that formed the wall when Dean's thoughts shredded his concentration.
Sam breathed in deeply and closed his eyes.
"What the...
Castiel closed their eyes in concentration, gathered his grace, and then released a burst of energy, shaping the sound waves with the power of his will.
a female voice said in Jack's head. He felt the hope die in his chest, saw the same happen on Dean's face.
Sam exhaled, set down the mug, left his fingers pressed against the edge of the table. "But, Dean, this is God we're talking about. And he just snapped away humanity with nothing but a thought! Everyone..."
"I'm sorry, too, Dean. I'm
Being mistaken for a fae of mourning was really not how Castiel had meant for this interaction to go. After he had seen these alternate versions of Sam and Dean display such optimism even in the face of great loss, he'd thought perhaps... but no. Of course it had been too much to hope they would have faith so much stronger than their counterparts that they could perceive an angel's true voice as anything other than noise. That would have made it easy—and if anything was a constant in this universe, it was that things were never easy for Castiel.
"And I've always wanted to use one of those things. They have a certain style, you know? Great for dramatic plot twists."
Chuck suddenly held his head, a pained noise escaping him as his eyes flashed blue, then black, then blue again. "Shut
He expected a high-pitched noise in reply, loud enough to blow out his eardrums, but it failed to make an appearance. Instead, a whole choir of whispers rose around him, hard to understand, all of them talking over each other, and not even about the same thing. The drawn-out, dark syllables he recognized from Enochian spells were somewhere in the background of it all. He was surprised to find that the louder, clearer whispers were actually all in English. Single words were gliding to the surface of the pool of thoughts from time to time, intoned by more voices than the rest of the whispers.
He heard the huff of Jack's chuckle, and the silence was comfortable now as they continued. After a time, he felt the entirety of Sam's weight on his shoulder when Jack let go and rushed ahead. "We're almost there. There are stairs, be careful."
Rowena suddenly seemed very interested in the carpet beneath the table. Despite having spent time with the witch on multiple occasions before, Jack had rarely met a person who confused him more.
"That is a definite plus in my book. We'd be going the wrong way now if you couldn't." The following silence was hard to read without seeing the kid's face, so Dean prodded, "Does it really matter what you are?"
"Let me take a look at that arm of yours."
He'd worked so hard, building up a reputation, climbing the ranks of Hell, only to find his prize nothing but an annoyance, a constant struggle to keep something he truly hated, just for the sake of
"This doesn't exactly seem like a banshee's MO. Plus, banshees only prey on the vulnerable, which we are not." As if to put emphasis on those words, Sam nodded at his own statement.
"I don't
The pull had a direction, uncaring for the fact that directions should not exist in this place. He
The newly awakened were still too unfocused to reply, but he had been able to sense their presence, knew with certainty he was no longer the sole recipient of messages sent into the web of angelic telepathy. And then he finally received words that weren't his own, sent to him directly as a personal prayer.
The thought reverberated through his mind and Dean shivered. He had never been happier to hear his own name.
Mood song for this chapter:
"Sam!" Jack interjected, before Sam could say anything that he might come to regret later to the chuckling pile of brother on the ground. His eyes followed Jack's outstretched finger back to the board, where the pebble was now marking the letter
The crease on Roderick's forehead deepened and he gave Jack another one of those wordless stares. Those, too, were something Jack had gotten used to by now. They probably meant Roderick's emotions got as loud as Jack's sometimes did. It made him feel a certain kinship to the demon.
"Dean," Rowena said more softly than she had ever spoken to him and placed Sam's hand on his shoulder. "You could have left me behind, but neither of you did. Thank you."
"I told you so!"
Then Dean gasped awake in the dark motel room, covering his face with both hands in a soft groan.
His fingers started trembling around the blade's hilt.
"Seems we got some time on our hands," Roderick stated with a nod towards the noisy impacts of hail on the roof. He turned off the flashlight and leaned back in his chair, folding his hands loosely in his lap. "So, what's your deal, cub?"
followed by
He was alone. More alone than anyone in the history of this planet had ever been. He didn't know what to do.
"Is there ever a time when there's not?"
They all fell quiet, looking at each other in puzzlement. Nobody broke through the tense moment of silence until another, stronger tremble followed.
"Jack!" Roderick called.
it. Even though logic dictated him to keep up his guard, he sighed and finally let the weapon sink again. "Dean, I don't—what is going on?"
He pulled it out of his jacket pocket and held it up for the demons to see. The noise around him died down, turning into the silence in the eye of a storm.
They kept the lantern while they inspected the rooms on the ground floor. The kitchen counter had a large puddle of wine on it, slowly dripping to the floor tiles with an insistent
been incarcerated for wronging them all, for following the lure of a trumpet call to an army of ruthless fanatics. No, she'd been imprisoned to repent for the few things she
There was always a bigger predator."
A trickle of warmth was the answer he received, but it was thin. Too thin.
Wall of silence!
"Crowley."
Castiel tried to breathe deeply through Dean's nose. Dean let him. Crowley let him.
Dean relaxed. "Dude. I didn't know you'd freak out like this or I would've—Just, okay. We all made it out of Hell, but you and Jack passed out on me for a while. Rowena told me you'd wake up on your own, but she had to leave because you had ectoplasm all over your face. You're welcome for getting rid of that and for carrying your heavy ass all the way over here, by the way."
Then all hell broke loose as he severed the line forming the pentagram on his chest with a cut.
Well, this was definitely Dean. "But... the Enochian?"
"Benevolent? As in,
"I've told you my name, but you never told me yours," Jack said, trying to make it sound more casual than it was. The long break before an answer finally came indicated that the man considered this question anything but casual.
"Did you just shoot the last squirrel on Earth?"
, that they had been more believable to him than reality, especially when they reached deep into his fears and wishes.
Breakfast?!
, cub!" he whispered, more quietly than the last time he'd said these words, yet more intense, reinforced by something deep and ancient that he thought had withered and died a long time ago. His fingers closed around the thin paper, cradling it like it was something precious. And then he burst out of the door, hiding the note in the inner pocket of his jacket to keep it safe from the rain.
"Of course you do," came the demon's reply from the other end of the square room. Jack heard a rummaging sound, only just able to discern Roderick's movements in the dark with eyes that were still used to the slightly brighter evening light outside. A flashlight clicked to life, enabling him to see the finer details in the room.
Jack whirled around just in time to face three demons attacking him at once. He took a blow to the head and stumbled backwards, toppling over entirely when something crashed into his ribs. Physical pain was also different now, far more intense, knocking any coherent thought out of his mind. As he hit the floor, crowded by the demons hitting and kicking brutally, he pushed his palm upwards, acting purely on instinct. He expected his hand to release a wave of power, as if he was still the same. But he wasn't. No light appeared. His ribs flared with pain and his heartbeat was louder in his ears than anything else in the room.
Over a decade ago, on the day that had forever diverged the path of Castiel's life, glass had shattered and spread all over the floor. That had been his first attempt of contacting Dean with his true voice. But nothing like that happened today. Moderation was something he'd learned intimately in the human experience.
was. The light grew into a larger cone after Jack ignited a lantern at the house wall. The sight of an ordinary porch was suddenly a thing to be amazed at. Dean dropped Sam in the old-fashioned rocking chair and was glad to find the door unlocked because he was far too tired to break it down.
Sam hesitated, pushed his hair out of his face and huffed out a short laugh that didn't sound happy at all. "Dean, I have no idea what I'm doing."
This was the moment a prayer arrived, directed personally at him.
When the next eternity came to pass, he hid the spark, obscured it, kept it safe in the deepest part of himself while enduring the endless torture of his own guilt.
Unable to follow this way any further if they wanted to avoid this second group of guards, Sam and Rowena split up to try the doors on both sides of the hallway. Sam's hand closed around a doorknob, turned it as quietly as it was possible in the rush he was in, but found the door locked. Rowena seemed to be in the same predicament. The third door Sam tried finally gave in and opened up the way into a vacant chamber without any windows or other exits.
Castiel was shoved aside roughly, felt the demonic presence seize control and steer them into the spot that had absorbed the rocks, just as a numbing onslaught of visual and acoustic stimuli broke out nearby.
Loss of coherence was the reddest of flags for him, and he started to consider the possibility of Chuck messing with his perception of reality. When Sam had been much younger, there had been this steadfast trust in his own senses in a world made of chaos. What he had been able to see and hear and feel had to be true. Then life had happened, and he had learned the hard way that the things his senses were telling him were not at all beyond doubt.
"Hey, kid," he said softly, detaching his face from the book.
my name, merely an older one. Friends call me Crowley. Enemies, too. Sometimes those lines are blurry."
Hell alongside Heaven, Earth and Purgatory. But, then again, he is also said to be the most powerful being of all, and having two puny humans resist his will doesn't really fit into that picture, does it now?" She lifted her hands as if to placate them. "No offense intended."
are you?"
qualify, don't you?"
The Dean in front of him froze under his touch. Finished with his work, Castiel let his hand fall back to his side. Dean grazed the tips of his own fingers over now unblemished skin, averted his gaze from Castiel's for a moment to find no more blood on them.
nothing but an unbound soul with a body that wasn't
something in this darkness?"
He saw additional demons stream into the room and tried to push his blade into the stomach of the one holding him down, only to have a violent shove against his arm fling the weapon away. The telltale sound of ethereal flickering told him Sam had been more successful, but the newly arrived demons cut Sam off from him. With his arm now pinned down, he struggled and kicked aimlessly. Then a sudden thud hurled the demon away from him, lifting the weight from his chest and letting him breathe again.
More tears forced their way to the surface when Jack realized that, whoever the person on the other end of the line might be, it wasn't one of his fathers. The accent didn't sound like anyone he knew, but he'd heard similar ones before, maybe in one of the movies the Winchesters had shown him.
Shapes broke out of the billowing pool of black in that moment, emerging like an army from the mist. While most of them turned out to be large bodies of light, three of them bore more humanoid forms.
even though Jack still wasn't sure what honor had to do with activating a lighter.
Both parties began circling each other in a wide arc, keeping a careful distance between them. If Rowena could get the demons to move a little more, they might be able to make a run for the door. Sam swallowed, trying his hardest not to let anyone see the beads of sweat settling on his forehead or the restrained urgency behind his movements.
"It's good to have you back, Sam," Jack said, placing the bowl back to its initial position like nothing out of the ordinary had occurred with it.
She left the cave, but before Sam had much chance to wonder if he was supposed to follow, she was already back. And what she was carrying was too absurd to leave him unaffected.
The realization that his improved eyesight stemmed from what he'd done, that this intrusion went far enough to change his senses, made him shudder. An angel. An actual, real-life
Dean's breathing slowed, and Castiel felt the barrage of words forming in their head calm and the muscles in their shared body relax.
who had been through all of this herself, who seemed to see so much
This damned fool of a nephilim who didn't even know how to use a match was going to get himself killed, trying to protect Dean and—and him. That thought still didn't sit right, refused to fit into his head. In all his years, nobody—not a soul—had ever tried to
The icy burn in his shoulder grew to a peak, but he didn't withdraw. The connection between them was a steady stream that managed to stabilize the blue, though not enough so to banish the veins. Dean could feel the agony as if it was his own, clawing at his insides and weighing down his mind with despair. It became increasingly hard to remember anything good existed in the world, to remember who he even was. He balled his hands into fists and the feeling of his nails digging into his palms grounded him back in physical reality, suddenly gave him an idea that he cursed himself for not having thought of earlier.
"—'m starting to think that the Fifth Extinction was a mistake. Screw humans. You know, dinosaurs, they were poetic! They had
"That..." Something shifted in the way Rowena was holding herself, though she still seemed absorbed into some sort of thought process. "...sounds like something we can work with, aye?"
ZIRDO EMNA - I am here.
Inhaling deeply, he touched the fingers of his left hand to the bracelet he wore on his right wrist. He needed the calming effect of the smooth, rounded pearls there to remind himself that nothing was
getting out of here?
"Seriously?" he snorted in lieu of real laughter.
The tips of his fingers slid from her cheekbone to her chin and the skin mended under his touch, showing no more signs of ever having been mistreated. He reached the silky surface of her lips and the corner that was swollen returned to its regular shape.
Dean began to move over to the next car in the lot and Castiel sped up their steps until they were running again.
"Ugh, don't tell him I called them wise then," Roderick hurried to say before taking a sip of his drink. He grimaced slightly, then shrugged.
"I do," Sam said, far more out of breath than they were.
he thought at the veins that were tearing deeply into the blue, draining the color out of it. He stepped directly into the spot where the angel's presence was strongest, and felt hot and cold all over his skin, his nerve endings going crazy.
"Jack is... he's
They waited in tense silence, but Rowena remained invisible.
Light though it still was, the rain didn't exactly help to make him feel any better, several drops blown into his eyes as the wind picked up around them. If they stayed outside much longer, their clothes would probably end up drenched. Thunder made itself known once more. Jack was pretty sure it would get uncomfortable out here very fast, so he sped up his steps, following the direction that he
With a glance back over his shoulder, Jack saw countless smoke trails following them not far behind, darkening the sky like an enormous storm cloud.
"Of course not. Do I
"It means that redemption is nothing but a myth." Her eyes spilled over, leaving wet tracks across her dirtied face. "A lie told to further separate the good from the evil, to keep everyone in their place for all eternity."
Sam frowned at that, not in distrust but confusion. "Sorry for what, Dean?"
The last thing Sam wanted right now was food, but Dean probably had a point that they needed to keep up their strength if they wanted to accomplish anything. Still, sitting in some random family's kitchen and taking their food was something Sam couldn't help but feel guilty about. He started eating reluctantly, glancing at Dean and Jack in between bites. "You said Rowena was with you, right? She's safe?"
If you're enjoying this story, a comment would mean the world to me. Since kudos can't be left for every chapter, only once for the whole story, I have no idea otherwise how many people are even still reading this.
The wind was rising as a harbinger of things to come, tossing groups of dried leaves around in violent gusts. Jack looked up at the darkening sky, then back over his shoulder. Roderick was trudging through the forest after him, in that slightly stumbling way that indicated significant damage to Dean's body.
you care about, that's what got you so riled up."
"I never did apologize, did I?" she asked softly after several moments of fraught silence.
Oh no, you won't. Remember, I'm the lead singer here, you're just a background dancer! I was trying to be generous, to share the joy of creation with you, and this is what you give me? I will bury you so deep, you will never find your way back to the surface!"
Dean averted his gaze from the gloom outside to frown at his brother. "Samuel, we still don't know what happened here, but from the looks of it, this is the second world we're losing in the span of a few weeks." Dean hesitated, speaking more quietly for the next sentence. "More likely than not, we've also lost Dad. I think that
"It's what we have," Dean agreed. "Trust me, I've also considered just giving him what he wants. Our two lives in exchange for every single other human—it wouldn't even be a question." Sam saw a slightly panicked look on Jack's face at these words, but Dean didn't seem to notice it. "If I thought there was even the smallest chance that he'd put everything and everyone back and let them live their lives if we did what he wants, I wouldn't even
"God... couldn't
"Sam!" Jack yelled back over his shoulder while running, desperately trying to grab Sam's hand before it was out of reach.
Grunting in sudden frustration, Chuck stepped away from Jack's shrub and back towards the chasm.
An angel in a vessel with long, red hair, backlit by a blinding light as she saved him in combat. A churning sensation in his chest he'd never experienced before when he watched her kiss Dean. The debilitating guilt that hurt too much to even look at her as she got arrested by two angels. This name took Dean slightly longer to call, though it certainly couldn't be for lack of recognition.
Stay!
"I think I do, actually." Jack sounded slightly surprised at this realization.
. He existed, he was in an actual place. A place he had come back from twice before, a place it was
"Get. Out. Of. Him," Jack pressed out between clenched teeth, with the side of his face pushed against the ground. He spit out a leaf that had somehow ended up sticking to his lips and suddenly noticed lines on the floor near his nose, no longer concealed by the cover of leaves. Lines he himself had drawn not long ago. The X carved into the tree's bark confirmed that this was indeed the spot of Jack's devil's trap, no longer functional now that its borders were smeared from the fight.
pushed the sting in his chest so much deeper. Jack's breathing came in short, rapid bursts that teetered on the edge of a sob or a scream, stuck between both but reaching neither. He was vaguely aware that he was trembling. Following Amara's order to flee had been more of a reflex than the conscious decision of a brain no longer working like it should.
The way from the cabin to the devil's trap had felt so much shorter the first time around, when he hadn't been thinking about it much, distracted by the walkie-talkie communication. Maybe they had long passed the building, traversing the forest in an angle just slightly off, obscuring the cabin from their view?
Sam huffed out a breath at her words, then bent down towards the offering of water in her cupped hands. The angle for slurping it was awkward and it was gone much too fast, but just the fact that the moisture made his tongue no longer stick to the roof of his mouth was already a huge relief.
to leave. Selfish, foolish decision that it was, she wanted to feel that warmth, bask in it, pretending to be more than she was. Alive.
"Dean?" Sam asked quietly, in stark contrast to his panicked voice from just before, only a vague shadow of a memory now. Sam was looking directly into his eyes, apparently having spotted the exact moment awareness had returned to them. "Dean, are you... with me?" he repeated in that same soft tone, only the slightest tremor in his voice betraying him.
He wasn't convinced he deserved to be led out of this darkness, but the gentle warmth around him was insistent. It built a fortress around his identity, prevented him from losing himself again. It reminded him there was a reason to remember. Everything culminated in a single thought, an idea, a truth so unlike all of his regrets.
Another energy fluctuation plunged the cells into a quick sequence of brightness and darkness, a symbol of how close to collapse Heaven was even for the most willfully oblivious among the angels. Now, finally, she could see an upside in how severely understaffed Heaven was. Torture was rather low on the to-do list while the remaining angels were struggling to keep things running. Nobody could be spared for torture.
By all means, you couldn't even change a
know. But of course the message hadn't been directed at him, and Sam apparently didn't share his confusion. "But I think I may be sleep-deprived. We're not going back out there in this weather anyway, so we might as well get some rest while we're here."
Ooookay then, I am writing a story that makes decisions on its own without asking me for permission, and apparently it's also in the bible. Nothing to see here, folks, move along. (How creeped out should I be?)
"We did," Dean replied without any further explanations on the topic. Sam frowned.
his mind supplied out of context. Something in the voice sounded familiar, though, in a way that made it instantly trustworthy to him. He clung to that feeling as he pressed down the button once more.
"What the everlasting
Castiel realized Dean had been uncharacteristically quiet during this whole exchange, but now he was there, a familiar touch to his grace.
"Well, for one thing, I've run into a bit of a problematic situation, here. Caught between a rock and a hard place, so to speak." Oddly, the voice chuckled at that. "You see, I'm—ah, injured. But I think we can be of assistance to each other."
tangible and so hard to come by that some might call it a myth, something that only happened in the fairy tales of old. It was something that no amount of power could ever ensure, not truly. It was something no riches could buy. And she'd been offered it freely, by a man who was smart enough to know better. He hadn't been supposed to
bad. That mountain over there, I felt joy when I created it, when I touched its spires and formed them in perfect symmetry. And that tree you just burned in your little outburst had survived for five centuries and nourished hundreds of animals with its acorns. Perhaps nature
"Got it," Jack said into the device before hoisting the pack into position on his back with his free hand. Once more having an immediate goal made him feel lighter, helped push away any dark thoughts and feelings for the moment. And no longer being all on his own, no matter how oddly this new acquaintance behaved, was an enormous relief.
Dean's relief merged with his own, an exquisite lightness amidst the other emotions. Nestled so close to Dean's soul, he finally allowed himself to let down his guard for the first time in what felt like forever. Without any danger of getting lost again, he drifted, tried to rebuild his strength through absence. He was only vaguely aware that Dean sent more thoughts his way now and then, comfortable in their proximity.
They stared at the inconspicuous spot in the wall where the rocks had passed into this realm, and the opposite way at the oddly flickering part of the Empty they had left behind. Dean shared an image of what had happened to angels who were touched by the corruption. Their throat suddenly felt tight and Castiel swallowed against it, felt an echo of his earlier agony rise up at the memory of all the angels he had sent here.
Jack finally lost his fight against gravity and stumbled to his knees near the brothers, the movement another sharp tear at his insides. Something trickled out of his nostrils and down over his lips. Breathing was hard, finding his voice impossible. He reached out and touched Dean's arm as the hunter started spreading the silvery powder over the symbols that were already finished.
was still here. Everything about the way Dean was holding himself yelled out that he was convinced they could do it. And heaven help him, but so was Sam.
"Samuel."
, you know?"
Roderick must have agreed with him, because he didn't object, instead just giving Jack a long, silent look.
"But... you aren't the king, not anymore," Jack said with a frown. "The throne now belongs to R—"
"Three," Jack replied absent-mindedly, noticing that his tears had stopped flowing and the trembling had subsided. He wiped over his cheeks and sniffled quietly to free his nose.
Castiel agreed.
"Wait a minute... so I'm a natural witch, like you?"
"What? I call this Apocalypse Chique." She gestured down her ruined dress and pushed a wild strand of her hair back, with the effect that it looked even more chaotic than before. It was an unusual sight when he'd only ever seen her with intricate hairstyles and immaculate wardrobe.
"Gosh darnit, Samuel, what was
challenge me!"
Dean jerked the car to a halt next to a tall signpost that marked the parking lot as belonging to
"Samuel, it's you they want, not me." Her facade had cracked once more and her voice sounded defeated. The fact that she had reverted back to this longer form of his name shouldn't matter to him in a situation like this. But he'd noticed it, and it worried him. "I'm already dead. Flee!"
"I... I'm afraid I can't. The Tree of Life isn't a power source to the dead. Samuel, of course, doesn't have this problem, but healing is far beyond anything I have taught him so far. Realigning every atom in a living body is a delicate process and even the smallest mistake can have devastating consequences."
"I didn't have any warning!"
He interrupted his work on the letters to watch Jack's reaction. The boy's frown deepened. "What's a Ouija board?"
He pressed a hand to his forehead in a sudden dizziness. Rowena's grip on his arm tightened, steadying him as she led him into the opening to a shallow cave. He stumbled over to the far wall. As soon as he reached it, his knees just gave in and he sank down, leaning his back against the rock and closing his eyes.
"Show me," he repeated, a quiet plea made in absolute sincerity.
"That," she said quietly, tightening her grip on the hilt of the blade, "was the reason why Limbo is the one part of Hell where I knew we wouldn't be followed."
he repeated.
. Nothing else followed. It took another second for his brain to connect these new letters with the rest from before, bursting out the words "Ley line?!" Another glance at Dean and Jack confirmed that both of them seemed as confused as he was. If Rowena had a body, he was pretty sure she'd be rolling her eyes over their perceived slowness.
to the alternative, dear. Choosing my side here isn't a terribly hard decision."
hurt.
He nodded and concentrated on his breathing while keeping his mind carefully blank. The fingers against his arm were less cold than before. After seconds that expanded to an infuriating minute, the leather gave way and his arm was free. He turned it experimentally and winced when the movement pulled at the stretches of broken skin left behind by the knife.
Jack looked down to the backpack at his feet. After only a moment of rummaging, he found the first-aid kit from the barn. This pack was Dean's then. He swallowed before pressing the 'TALK' button.
water. His eyes snapped open. The miscolored, bruised skin of Rowena's cheek didn't belong, stood out like an intruder. It wasn't a conscious decision that brought their entwined hands to her face, they were suddenly just there. He felt her fingers shift, moving from his palm to the back of his hand, not steering, just reinforcing.
"Dude," Dean said, not even trying to hide his amusement while sidestepping a pebble that was now aimed his way.
"Sam." Dean said only this one word, but managed to imbue it with so much meaning that Sam was finally spurred into action, dropping his backpack next to theirs and stepping right up to Jack.
I had every intention of writing a normal chapter. You know, a regular, dramatic chapter, as one does. Then I made the mistake of allowing the characters to interact with each other, and it turned into this slowdance alien of a chapter that nobody saw coming (least of all I).
A soft rustling of cloth heralded the witch's return and he felt rather than saw her crouch down next to him.
They dashed around a group of trees, Sam only slightly behind. Then they reached the source of the calls that weren't theirs.
"Fine, I'll try them. Just a few, though."
"I... I've died twice," he finally forced out.
doesn't mean we have to take any black car we see, especially when other cars are in superior condition!"
Advancing with care, his grace probed further into the other celestial being until he met the slightest sign of resistance, at which he halted immediately. He didn't mean to intrude, merely to lend strength in what he knew to be a hopeless pit that was nearly impossible to escape without assistance. "Moh-oh-oh-ah-hoh eh-see-ah-sah-kah-hoh."
"This ain't something I can stitch up. Can you heal him?"
Emerging from the dungeon and into the brighter light of the map room was strangely freeing. Dean's throat was parched. He spent several long seconds frowning at the contents of the fridge, the lingering cold from the dungeon still clinging to him. Then he closed the fridge with a tired sigh and prepared a hot drink for each of them instead.
Each shuddering breath a tremendous effort, he cleared a small area of ground behind the tree, pushed the leaves aside with movements wild enough to be a minor outlet for all the pent-up emotions he had no idea what to do with. He had been sorely mistaken in thinking everything he had gone through in the three years of his life would have taught him how to deal.
Sam pushed his way out of the car roughly, giving way to a gush of cold air blowing in through the open door. Once outside, Sam stood in the middle of the road lined by desolate fields. His head was tilted back as he stared up at the cover of clouds, enormous mountains of a gray so dark it was a warning in itself, smothering what little daylight remained. If Castiel truly was a banshee, he couldn't have come up with a more obvious portent.
Sleep was a confusing affair. It took some time to remember where one was, who one was, what had been the last thoughts on one's mind before giving in to oblivion and the subconscious. It came far too close to
The power flares from the hallway changed their pattern, no longer strong bursts, but a steady flow that let the ground tremble constantly without cease, giving Jack an even harder time staying upright. He watched in silence as Sam's hand slipped on the unstable surface and the hunter cursed under his breath, erasing a ruined symbol and starting it from scratch. Jack wanted to help so badly instead of being a useless burden.
"You almost
"Son of a bitch."
"What are you saying?" Dean was pretty sure he didn't want to know the answer.
"That's it! I've had it with this car, Dean! I'm out."
They were approaching the oversized gates of Hell's throne room and Dean turned to look at him over his shoulder. A silent understanding passed between them and Dean smiled. Not the exuberant smile of a good day, just a thin, small thing really. But it was enough. Sam smiled back, then briefly touched Jack's shoulder in a passing gesture of support and saw the boy stand a little taller.
"SAM!"
What was the point of it all? Why was he still here, on an empty Earth in its last breaths, when people so much better than him had died? When
That made Dean stop dead in his tracks. "Are you saying you can
"I mean, I've heard the term before," Sam contemplated, hoping he might decipher the direction Rowena wanted to steer their thoughts in by talking. "I just never knew if they were real or a myth. Stonehenge was supposedly built at a spot where several ley lines meet? Just..." He looked up again, at Dean, at Jack, at the field in front of them. "I don't see what that has to do with our current situation, here?"
, his mind supplied, a desperately fond memory. His eyes fell on the empty fourth chair. Cas should be here with them. The one angel whose mannerisms were nothing if not endearing—not at all what Sam had ever pictured an angel to be like—but whose ideals actually came pretty damn close to what Sam had always imagined.
a female voice said in Jack's head. He felt the hope die in his chest, saw the same happen on Dean's face.
more to life, oh how there was, when one scream alone sufficed to not only set Rowena's whole body on edge, but also to make her throat constrict in something she didn't quite want to examine too closely. Next it would make her do something ridiculously brazen and foolish, like rush in entirely unarmed and unaided, wouldn't it? Of
"A small disturbance causes countless ripples, far away from its point of origin. Once you find the source, you can calm the waves, until all that is left is a smooth water surface."
"Awesome!" Dean whispered, and the earth tore open.
"You never needed my magic, Sam. You got your own. How did I not see this sooner? How could
The photos woke a sting of nostalgia in him, of loss. But mostly they left him with a feeling of resolve for everything that was at stake—nothing less than the whole damn world. He exchanged a silent glance with Jack and they stepped away from the photos for a quick sweep of the upstairs floor with a result that both of them had expected. Nothing but abandoned bedrooms.
"I'm...," he said, then stopped when he realized what a miserable croaking sound had just escaped his mouth instead of an actual word. He cleared his throat before trying again. "I'm fine." He opened his eyes to give her a look that he
Where are you
like that.
"Excuse me, did I just hear you say
with a frequency far too high to risk anything here. First impressions especially had a tendency to blow up into his face, and he couldn't afford to lose this chance.
at Sam's jacket, lurching backwards through the rift and holding on to both Sam and Jack for everything he was worth.
"You can't be serious. Just look at what they've done to the place! Does this look like preserving creation to you? This breach is unprecedented, it's... it's
The ground trembled again and the flames flickered a lot more this time. Dean examined the room, a new tension in his voice. "Can you get us out?"
"No," Jack breathed softly with a shake of his head.
the abyss that was still growing in length and width, separating the field into two halves.
"Eh, there's no reason to worry about Dean. All we need is a little healing and he'll be fine. Winchesters are like weeds. Can't get rid of them, no matter how hard you try."
Their fingers uncurled back into a relaxed posture.
"Wait a second...," Sam interjected. "So you're saying there's an ongoing civil war in Hell?"
just a few hours ago!"
"Might have been four, but I've honestly lost track myself. Eh, whatever." Castiel must have misunderstood something because they certainly couldn't be talking about four days without any sleep at all. Chilly as the room was, the only things Sam and Dean shed before laying down in their respective beds were their shoes. "Night, Sam."
"And the Grand Coven never got to dig its claws into you, oh, I love the irony," Rowena chuckled.
Castiel sent out a third call, changed this time to carry forth Crowley's human name. Finally, a form broke through the barrier, at first still an unshapely mass of the black substance that connected it to the inside of the wall. The more ooze dropped away, the more the form fell into its own shape, humanoid outlines blurred in red smoke, with horns at its head and glowing red eyes in the dark.
He crumpled the piece of paper beneath his fingers, held a match against it and watched the politician's face go up in flames. The newspaper was good enough tinder and soon there was a fire crackling in the otherwise quiet room, soaking it in a warm, red light. Dean turned to look at Sam on the sofa who still showed no signs of waking. After adjusting the couch cushions beneath his brother's head with a frown, he murmured into the empty room, "You better be right about him being okay."
As more lines of the disputed song blared from the car's speakers, Sam slapped Dean's hand on the steering wheel, only to receive a slap to the back of his hand in return.
He couldn't afford a fight this time. Not here, not now. Not when his brother was the only constant he still had in a world that had gotten completely unhinged.
him. It was ridiculous, outrageous even, that a three-year-old was now trying to do just that.
There wasn't even a shred of doubt in the kid's voice and Dean felt affection rising in his chest as they made eye contact in the rear mirror. Dean gave him the hint of a smile and he knew Jack had seen it because his lips twitched in reply, surprise widening his eyes.
"SAM!"
He listened into himself for the doubt he should have found there. But the doubt was locked away in that box, together with everything else. This was probably too soon, but then again, 'soon' pretty much lost its meaning when time itself was about to end. They could have this, here, now. It felt right.
Castiel thought, not saying more than this single word on a topic Dean could only vaguely surmise the true depth of, a quiet but relentless undertow behind everything they'd exchanged so far, pushing him to accelerate the car even further.
And now Dean was—gone. Probably dead. The idea was too big to grasp. Sam's body twitched, strained against the bonds that held him as the knife dug deeper. Dean had always been there, the roots of a comfort he'd known since childhood. No matter what nightmare their lives turned into, Dean had been there—but no longer. That knowledge was unbearable. Sam was in free fall, swallowed by a dark abyss with teeth made of pain and broken hopes.
That stunned Sam into silence, and he closed his fist around the scarf and wrinkled up the cloth he'd arranged so meticulously just before. Then he licked his lips in a nervous gesture. "I... I don't feel vulnerable, though."
, all of you are amazing for giving back so much to a writer!
The realization tore a gasp from their mouth and Castiel felt goosebumps rise on their skin.
"Realmatic... yeah, all right," Dean conceded. "So what you're saying is we can't just open a portal to get to the Empty like we can for Hell?"
Dean seemed just as stunned as Castiel by those words that had formed in their mind, sticking out like a flower on scorched soil. They stood in silence, breathing heavily. One of them swallowed, Castiel didn't know who. Then he received a shove, his grace once more cut off from Dean's soul, effectively stopping the feedback loop.
Rowena chanted at the same time.
"We can't–please, I can't–I can't lose anyone else."
"I can relate. Well, somewhat. Fine, I can't relate. My mother is also dead, but the hag barely counted as a mother even on her best days. And there weren't a lot of those." There was a moment of silence filled only with static noise. "Why am I telling you this? Ugh, I really have grown soft, haven't I? Let's get to business before this gut-wrenching heart-to-heart gives me indigestion."
God?"
"Okay, what the
"Us, resisting—it may be the only thing that's keeping this world spinning right now," Sam stated tiredly, searching out Rowena's eyes, then added with a sigh, "What's left of it, at least."
Tires screeched.
The car was parked in a manner that had the passenger door face the building. Sam dashed through the downpour in a direct line and made it to the overhang of the roof above the door. In lieu of a key, he broke down the door with a well-placed kick. Dean remained behind in the wreckage of broken glass to hastily unplug his phone and pocket it.
"Not even the Queen of Hell has power that compares to that of Death itself."
Dean and Sam exchanged a look and Jack was starting to think there was something obvious he was missing. Something big. He had no idea what exactly that might be, though, or how to even begin asking about it.
The silence was desolate, unbearable. He tossed another rock, and another, his motions growing more furious in a rage he hadn't been aware of until that moment. He flung rocks at the chasm, at the oily and fiery cracks, at the too-dark sky, at everything. Only at a sharp sting in his arm he stopped, breathing heavily. This was stupid. He was stupid. This wasn't helping anyone.
this, the common ground he shared with the humans he loved. The immediate experience of sensory input. Breathing that was his own. Hands that could touch. And most importantly, a voice that could be heard. Everything that made him compatible with human existence.
"Yeah, we clearly have no taste," he teased, pressing her hand while dipping a finger of his other hand into the water held by the shoe.
sense was a shift in the atmosphere indicating the momentary connection of two planes. Or the familiar, melodic touch of grace reaching out to his own through the ether, promising safety, acceptance, forgiveness, promising something that was unconditional and eternal.
He felt the soft tug again, gave in to it and watched his hand move between the letters
Jack wondered if the squirrel that his grandfather had created out of nowhere had somehow survived the hawk attack. But even if that was the case, why would it be prone to violence? It was a squirrel.
"Out of all of them, I was the victor. I've been inside your head," the demon proclaimed as tears quietly ran down from the corner of Sam's eyes over his temples. Beyond caring, he paid no attention to the words until the knife was suddenly withdrawn. "I've seen your last hope."
Hearing Dean referred to as a meatsuit only served to increase Jack's fury. He redoubled his efforts, putting all of his anger into the stabs directed at the most vital parts of a body inhabited by the
They exchanged the ration bundles from their packs and Jack was about to take the first bite of his own dinner when Roderick's next statement made him halt in confusion.
"I have always liked the way you think, Samuel."
Sam. The expression on your face was the last thing I saw on Earth, and I didn't let go of it even in the afterlife. I clung to it when they started the torture, and I clung to it when I made a deal to get out of the torture chambers. Your tears were what I saw when I decided to break that deal and seize the throne myself."
Jack struggled to remain still under the treacherous flare of hope somewhere in his chest. It was at odds with the goosebumps forming on his arms, caused by the smile crawling over his grandfather's face.
The thought that the Winchesters weren't with him now, that they might not ever be together like that again, sent an icy shiver over his skin. He didn't even have a lighter. All he could find in his pack was a small box with roughened sides and the depiction of a flame at the top.
When Jack reached the edge of the field, directly bordering the forest, he threw himself behind the closest tree, trembling with the sobs of loss he was holding back. There was barely any feeling in the tips of his fingers as he rummaged through the layer of fallen leaves on the ground, clammy in the cold of November. His hand closed around a rock, its sharp edges cutting into the skin of his finger, but he didn't care, too overwhelmed by the other pain that had piled up inside of him.
"But there must be a way to reach it, to connect to it, otherwise the souls—uh."
got himself into, but like I said. Winchester. Weeds. Just can't get rid of them. The amount of times those three have died and returned defies any probability or reason. I don't even take rumours of their supposed demise seriously anymore."
"No more dying," he whispered, even though they couldn't hear him.
Suddenly the open landscape with its lack of direction felt just as suffocating as the barn had. He breathed in to speak, but before he could voice his doubts to Dean, he felt something small hit his leg and looked down with a frown, just in time to watch another pebble from the driveway fly towards his shin, seemingly on its own accord.
"Try leading my hand?" he offered again. "That worked for Dean back then, and it should be less problematic than full-out possession, right?"
Align.
Following a vague feeling, Castiel was suddenly convinced of the utmost importance of that strange expression Dean had used. He searched his memories for where he had heard the term 'man bun' before.
. As closely connected as they currently were, an emotion of such magnitude would have been hard to hide, but there was no reason to.
The pebble continued moving and Sam struggled not to miss any letters by blinking against the dull ache in his head.
Nobody seemed to have seen him snatch the scalpel earlier, so he kept it concealed behind his back.
this time. The shift in the atmosphere between them was tangible as Dean sucked in a breath before asking, "Realms like the Empty?"
Something kicked Sam's shin in return, tearing his gaze away from the empty chair and back to his brother. Dean wore a lighthearted grin on the outside, but there was something very different beyond that—this new, quiet intensity burning behind his eyes that Sam still didn't know what to think of. Unshakable in his own right now, somehow.
"I'm saying that you never gave up on me." She brought enough distance between them that they could face each other again. He saw something in her eyes that hadn't been there before. A spark. "I'm saying that never giving up always used to be one of your best qualities. Now is not the time to acquire bad habits, don't you agree?"
Right. Jack. Jack needed help and Dean had to get a grip on himself. He swallowed.
"Not this one. This one is different, Sammy."
Happiness was... this hazy concept. It was the split-second feeling when something good unexpectedly happened. Never tangible, never lasting, always gone before you could even realize it had been there. Regret, sadness, longing—those were different, more permanent, easier to recognize. But happiness was never pure enough to be discernible, always overshadowed by something else.
They ran, hunched over against the increasing precipitation and staggering wildly through the woods in defiance of any broken bones in Dean's body. The increasing wetness turned the fallen leaves into a treacherous surface and Jack slipped, approaching the ground face-first at an alarming speed. What saved him from the impact was a firm hand on his shoulder, restoring his balance just in time.
worth preserving. I created a perfect, self-sustaining system."
The slap-bang transition into absolute silence was even more jarring than the noise of a world falling apart had been. His head was reeling with it. Last night had been dark, but
The thought ran through his head unbidden, a mere whisper from the back of his mind.
"I don't care. You have to get me in." Dean's fingers dug into the silken fabric of Rowena's red dress, his voice turning raw with emotion.
"Man, we need a better Ouija board," Dean complained.
"Hm?" he returned distractedly, looking up to notice both Jack and Dean staring at him.
Their enemy was not impressed. He threw the witch into the wall, followed it up with a cruel fist to her face that left her dazed enough to sink to the ground in front of the shelves. Helplessness widened Sam's eyes as he allowed himself a quick glance at her motionless body before he pummeled the demon with his insufficient excuse of a weapon.
is going on? Care to fill us in, maybe?"
"There's no good or evil," Sam reiterated, just in case he hadn't made his point clear. "There's just us."
Castiel brought the car to an abrupt stop, opened the seatbelt with shaking fingers and pushed the car door open roughly. With little regard to anything other than the pull of the direction the prayer had come from, he ran, leaving the road behind and crossing the line of trees that marked the border of the forest.
"Why, yes, but that's Death. Not even the Queen of Hell has power that compares to that of Death itself. And the magic used by the two of us would be fundamentally different in its core. I cannot hope to recreate this in the same way Death did. And I also suspect that Death has a different relationship to the borders between planes than any other being does."
Rowena cut off his string of doubts with a gentle hand against the side of his face. "Sam, this is a good thing. Normal isn't what is needed right now. Here's to being extraordinary. Together."
Jack ran until he could feel that gentle pull again, tingling in the tips of his fingers. When everything had been confusing and overwhelming before, suddenly it was clear. He followed the pull further into the night, no longer trying to resist it by going the opposite way.
"Of course," he agreed, nodding along like they were actually discussing something important. They smiled at each other and he reached for her hand. "So, uh, do I just touch the water to use it as a conduit?"
Apologies had not existed in a simpler world, where everything had been white and clear. Nobody had ever said sorry to her, neither had she ever said it to anyone. There couldn't have been a reason to. Unable to ask for forgiveness, all that had been left for her to do with the veil of blindness lifted from her eyes had been quietly trailing along in Castiel's path, the one he'd already cleared for those coming after him. How could anyone even ask to receive forgiveness for the unforgiveable?
"It wasn't a banshee, it—"
Rowena lifted her head from Sam's chest, watching him in the cavern's half-light. Even his sleep was burdening him, casting the shadowed creases of a frown over his face. He seemed pale. Their spellwork had taken a lot out of him, but it had been a necessity. The deep cuts in his arm had been drenching two layers of cloth in blood, slowly but steadily enough for her to be unable to sit by and watch the drain of his life force for even a second longer.
"I, for one, am not feeling any urges to batter my head against one of the windows repeatedly. How about you?" Sam asked and kept fidgeting with his scarf.
"Back! Get back!" Sam shouted through the deep rumbling that made the ground shake beneath Jack.
There it was again, that small sting of wrongness that Dean didn't quite know what to do with. He turned and grabbed Jack's upper arm.
He threw a desperate glance at Jack's unmoving form. His face was lifeless and pale in the orange glow and Dean was pretty sure the color on his lips wasn't looking quite right anymore, though it would have been easier to tell in a more neutral hue of light. If they were going to save the kid, they had to do it now.
With a deep sigh, he averted his gaze from the chasm and spotted the abandoned backpacks that had miraculously survived the cataclysm, placed just far enough away to be unaffected. He grabbed one at random, strapped it on his back, and reached out with his senses to follow the stream of one of the leylines.
would be where I'd end up when I got dressed two days ago!" She removed her shoes, stood barefoot in the rain and threw Sam a miserable glance before cutting off both heels with the angel blade. Her voice turned wistful. "I was still a queen, then."
Fallen twigs crunched under his feet as he ran through the forest in no particular direction other than away. Away from that place that had brought him so much pain on three separate occasions in such quick succession that he'd barely had enough time to process even one of them.
"I will enjoy tearing you apart," the torturer's deep voice snarled and Sam was already crossing the room without further thought. He couldn't see Rowena behind the demon's bulky form, only flashes of her red dress as her legs kicked against the hold she was in. When Sam reached them, desperate choking noises were forced from her throat and he put everything he had into the strike with the candle holder, ignoring the rekindled pain it caused in his arm.
Sam soldiered on, his voice growing thinner with every word. Then he must have seen it as the exercise in futility that it was, and stopped. The disembodied demons were entirely unaffected anyway, not slowing down their pursuit in the slightest. While Sam had been the faster one of them before, merely dragging Jack in his weakened state along, Jack now found himself outrunning Sam by far. He fully intended to repay the favor, to be the driving force that could pull both of them, but Sam suddenly let go of his arm.
The prospect of forever seemed impossible to endure. He longed to forget. To merge with the blackness. To stop being.
Castiel had lost his mind. It was the only explanation for the scene he was witnessing in that exact moment, an invisible spectator concealed by the Veil. Was he dead? He was probably dead.
Dean frantically rummaged through the bag, then tossed it back down in frustration. "There's only one piece! I can't help you draw this shit!"
was the one who destroyed our universe. Angels—angels are servants of God."
"Figured you could use a little more help in locating me, with the day being so appropriately dark and gloomy for an apocalypse."
"No! Rowena!"
The corners of Dean's mouth twitched in a self-deprecating smile. "Yeah, well, it would be if you don't... you know, drop it."
"Heya, Sammy. Good to see you finally dropped the whole Sleeping Beauty act."
"I... guess." Jack let the walkie-talkie sink down to take a look around. Daylight was waning quickly on this November afternoon. The perpetual cover of clouds seemed to grow thicker by the minute, immersing the whole world in an aura of threat. By Jack's estimation, he didn't have to walk much farther to reach the origin of the gunshots. He squinted when a cone of light appeared in between the trees a small distance away.
"Prove it, Samuel!"
Jack frowned at him. "Leyli? Is that even a word? Is it a name?"
The moment the bedding was in place, he sank down, wrapped one of the blankets closely around himself, and could only just muster the strength to murmur, "G'night, Jack," as the kid settled down at the other side of the large mattress with the remaining pillow and blanket Dean had brought.
It wasn't a question. Roderick narrowed his eyes as if it had been an insult. Jack swallowed, feeling bad for having said the wrong thing—again—even though he really didn't understand why anyone would be offended by this. In an attempt to fix it, he added, "I know what it's like to be different, to feel like you never fit in."
This conversation had no words, but still contained the world between the three of them. Sam's frown eased, eyebrows lifting, his head tilting in a barely-there motion. The corners of Jack's mouth twitched. Dean cleared his throat, guiding Jack towards Rowena's and Sam's table with a gentle touch.
keep telling
we? Where's Rowena? And why did I wake up to the sound of Enochian?"
Sam shook his head in something that would have been amusement if his emotions weren't feeling as dried out as his body. The numbness was probably a good thing. He sat up a little straighter, wincing at the pain in his arm and trying his hardest not to think of anything at all. It didn't take long until Rowena returned with a second serving of water in her hands—no shoe involved—which he accepted gratefully.
he thought and the advance halted.
Sam, still kneeling near the letters in the dirt, could only watch both of them grow smaller in the distance. "Guys?" He raised a hand in a gesture of bafflement, not like anyone cared to see it, then sighed. "O-kay then. Rowena, is there anything else I should know before I follow them?"
Jack fell silent, placing the small box on the demon's outstretched palm.
you to," Rowena repeated flatly and Sam practically saw the gears turning in her head.
No reply. He couldn't afford in that moment to worry over how weak Cas' presence felt, that Dean's name had been the one and only word the angel had spoken in their shared mind. He tried to focus despite the noise, which was a damn feat in itself. Seeing angels now, after his own angelic level-up, but with his angel co-pilot out for the count, was really pushing the boundaries of what his human mind could handle. The colors were so much deeper, had more layers than what he was used to, like many colors all forced into too small a frame, many movements all combined into one.
Castiel must have possessed such exceptional strength to have been following that path from the start, never actually straying from it, no matter how hard she had tried to push him in a different direction, over and over. If only she hadn't been too blind to choose his side sooner. If only she had
Sam nodded, and Dean smiled, surprised that what he felt was something akin to pride.
When nothing else followed, he murmured, "That's not ominous at all," grabbed his own pack and jogged after Dean and Jack.
Sam knew that look, he
The unexpected sounds drew the attention of both brothers immediately. After another foreboding look, Sam clicked the seatbelt open.
"You pathetic, little bitch! I will personally crush your soul beyond recognition and turn you into the—"
"It does, to me."
In one well-aimed motion, he flung the scalpel towards the leg of Rowena's captor. The sharpened edge buried itself deep into the demon's skin and, either in pain or in surprise, he flinched and lost his grip on the weapon he had used to threaten Rowena.
"I'm not giving up," Dean blurted out before he even knew he was saying it. Two sets of eyes shot over to him, pulled out of the depths they had been sinking into. "I won't," he repeated, just to hammer the point home. "I refuse to believe this is it. We'll find a way to fix this, all of it. We always do. Chuck has been wrong about us over and over again. He's always underestimated free will. He tried to make us his puppets and failed every single time."
to him in a matter of a few years than his celestial body had for eons. He suspected the company he'd been with had a large part to play in that.
a voice asked in his mind and Dean thanked The-Powers-That-Be that the angel must have realized far better than he let on just what Dean was doing, and had chosen silent communication.
"No, actually. I don't think you did."
Here comes... the team-up that nobody asked for.
Castiel remained behind, waiting in a daze for the pain to abate. Any damage inflicted directly to his celestial form felt far more intense than injuries he'd received while tied to a human vessel. But he'd live. And this had been worth it. As soon as the blazing ache in his wings deteriorated into a duller throb, he focused his awareness on the motel room that had swallowed the two humans currently under his protection.
"Cas, what is this? Why is this impression of a mammal listening in on us? How are you wearing the Michael Sword, in here?"
"Sure, let's see if Amazon delivers here," Sam said, tiredly rubbing over the bridge of his nose while wondering if Dean's knack for completely inappropriate humor was infectious. His brother's reaction was a delighted huff of breath and a friendly nudge to Sam's arm that tore his gaze away from the letters. He was met with a smile too genuine not to return, and could almost physically feel his annoyance dissolve, replaced by something warmer. "So, seam. Seam between what? Different ley lines?"
"I just... I wanted to help."
The radiant glow surged over from Naomi to him to Jack and now the high-pitched noise was there. But this time, he could make out the separate voices behind it, combining into one, chanting Enochian syllables with a resonance that no longer let him hear his own screams.
"Remember, cub. Weeds."
Many thanks to
"Maybe I'm not fine," he finally admitted, quiet words breaking through the calm. Sam saw from the corner of his eye that she gave him an indecipherable look at that, but he chose to keep his eyes on the darkened sky. "Maybe I'll never be again. I really don't know anymore."
Sam bent to assist her with the straps holding his legs, but noticed that his hands were trembling too much to be of any help. Luckily it didn't take long for the witch to untie him and he was free at last. Strangely disoriented, he didn't jump off the table right away, not until Rowena grabbed one of his hands to pull him towards the door.
something beyond the safety of the sanctuary she'd made of herself?
"It's the thing again, isn't it?" Sam asked, finally letting the mistreated scarf fall back to his chest. "The one Dad refuses to talk about?"
alone."
"I am. Please let me do this."
I hear."
Dean wasn't exactly sure what had sparked that small flame of hope against all odds. It was a strange sensation, alien and familiar at once. Warm. He could feel it fuelling him, driving him, giving strength to his words. "Yeah, well, he left
"What the...," Chuck muttered and stumbled backwards. He looked around himself in clear confusion, but seemed unable to detect Jack's presence in any way.
"What do you want me to say, Sam?" he finally asked into the silence, defeated, the quietness of his voice matching his brother's. "I don't know, all right? I don't
you the throne. I don't want it, not anymore. I would have helped you claim your heritage. But you had to go and ruin it for yourself."
"That is precisely what Samuel here and I have been discussing." Rowena took a sip from the glass standing in front of her. "This situation is very different because the Empty itself is different. It overlaps with the other planes. The best comparison I can give you is how the Veil exists in the same spaces as Earth does. And the Empty adds an entirely different layer to it all. This is why a regular portal could never work, we can't just add a gateway to the fabric of the respective planes, because here and there are the same, figuratively spoken."
absorb with wings that were made of nearly the same. The lightning bolt struck him, connected with the tip of one wing and ran further inwards from there. A sensation of searing heat threatened to consume him. It
A hand on his back turned him slightly to the left. "This way."
"Where's Cas?"
She had been everything they had been fighting for all those years, everything that made the fight worth it. And now she was gone. Not just dead, happy in Heaven, but
"He had a croissant once," the voice said. Jack understood enough about sarcasm by now to realize this was probably it. But what would have been a snide remark under different circumstances actually sounded... warm, somehow. As if the person on the other end was smiling. "Jack, how old are you?"
The flames expired, the barrier broke, Jack collapsed against him without any warning, and Dean's mind switched into survival mode to keep him from losing it right there and then. He picked up Jack and held his slumped form upright with one arm, then grabbed Sam's shoulder with his free hand. The opened rift at his back was like a warm breeze running over his skin.
Sam was sliding out of control, without a single thing to hold onto. There was
The demon's features relaxed and the silent look he gave Jack this time seemed to be even more loaded with unspoken things. Instead of replying, Roderick unwrapped the foil around one of the rations and took a bite of the sandwich lavishly garnished with a variety of toppings.
"First Steps Into Sunken Glades" by Gareth Coker
The same almost-touch he had sensed during breakfast ran over his fingers and the pen shook in his grip, only to get flung aside a moment after.
Jack blinked.
"You just
way... or our way," Sam agreed. "He got what he wanted in every other universe. And he wiped out all of them as soon as he had it. But this one's still here."
Jack frowned. "And who calls you Roderick?"
"That... would be a rather extreme way of doing it." She smiled. "There's no telling of the possible consequences. It would be risky, foolhardy even. Only a truly desperate person would attempt such a thing." Her smile widened.
do was silence this blasted device. He let his grace reach out, carefully, just enough to interfere with the car stereo. The music sputtered to a stop.
"How come you stormed in at exactly the right time?"
"I bet you never thought you'd say that to anyone." She smiled and breathed out warmly against his skin. "Sam, I didn't tell you this to make you feel guilty. I told you because I wanted you to see the power you hold, even now."
"Where's Cas?"
of angels and demons wouldn't be able to cross over when they die!"
"Thus spake the Lord, those who disobey shall be punished. And Dean Winchester, the ultimate killer, had one last moment to repent before drawing his last breath."
"Night."
The one angel who had stood with humanity time and time again, against all odds, when nobody else would. Even after messing up, still utterly unshakable in his loyalty to the world, to humanity, to them. More
With a tired sigh, Dean halted in his pacing to stare out the window, a play of light and shadow on his face when lightning flashed again. He let the fingers of his left hand run over the small white pearls he wore on his other arm, gently tugging the bracelet around his wrist.
something was a steady pulse in his body, impossible to ignore now that the hail was no longer an excuse. People kept saving Jack, but it was time that he started doing some saving of his own. And where he was planning to go, he couldn't take a demon. That would have been a death sentence for both Roderick and Dean, neither of which he wanted to endanger like that.
Disoriented, Castiel realized that he had full access to Dean's soul now—no walls, no other presence between them. He grasped the power that was offered, even found it reinforced by the touch of something foreign that came from the corner Crowley had withdrawn to, taking up as little space as possible.
That sentence turned the warmth in their body into a heat that was searing in its urgency to follow the direction of the prayer. If
"Good. It wouldn't do to have any last-minute surprises now, would it?"
"Maybe it didn't affect..."
"Dean wanted to—
"I—uh, no, I said twenty-three."
"I... hope you can understand me better than I you. Uhm... vessels, yeah. I heard they're out of fashion now. So, can you still heal Jack without a vessel?"
Not for the first time, she cursed the fool man for insisting to heal her first. She wasn't even
This time, when the word of power was spoken, he didn't let it slide away. He gripped it, held it tight with all his strength, claimed it.
"Guess that's a no then," Sam said with a sigh while picking the pen back up from the dirt road. He dusted it off and stored it in the backpack again together with the notepad.
"Dean!" he cried out in return, but his voice was swallowed by the sounds of fighting. He held out one of his hands, running as fast as his vessel's legs would carry him. White radiance shot forth from his palm, traveling ahead of him as a herald of salvation. The explosion of light left burned-out corpses in its wake, slumping to the ground in unison. Wisps of smoke rose up from blackened skulls.
Rowena reached out to touch the side of Jack's head in scrutiny, her eyes glazing over. Then she frowned and opened her mouth as if she was about to say something, but seemed to think better of it as Jack continued talking.
Backpacks resting near them on the ground, they all crouched down around the board and didn't have to wait long to see the closest one of the pebbles from earlier get shoved towards it, settling onto the
"You... you think Cas is alive?" he asked hoarsely.
A vase shattered on the floor at the other end of the room.
"Dean?"
"Come on, man. Does this look to you like we got anything left to lose? Earth is a damn wasteland." Dean swallowed again, grew more quiet. "But we got—we got
"Sure," the kid said, not even hesitating over the choice to leave the lantern behind with Dean. Those angel senses of his were still weird to witness after having spent the last day in the conviction that Jack was human now.
He could only just find the presence of mind to shift back over into the Veil right as both brothers turned towards the source of the ear-splitting noise and blinding glow that they'd probably attribute to the lightning bolt. Causing harm to their eyesight was far from his intentions. Dean seemed thoroughly distracted squinting up into the sky with a peculiar expression on his face, but Sam pulled him out of harm's way, further under the roof and into the building.
to me not to happen. And then I was absolutely stunned when nothing, not one thing of it, happened. In a way, I'm weirdly thankful to how much the finale puzzled me, because that fact is what unchained me.
She huffed in annoyance. "I hate that they did this to you. Hell is an emblem of
A fire was burning low in the fireplace in front of him, but still strong enough to spread some amount of warmth throughout the room. He sat up on the sofa, massaging his temples against the haze in his head. A blanket slid off his shoulders in the movement and he noticed a jacket draped over him that he recognized as Dean's. The sight of the bloody handprint on the fabric sent a chill through his body, bringing with it the memory of recent events.
"Liar," she said and the hint of a smile flitted over a face darkened by bruises and smeared mascara.
Which, he probably should have been asking himself that same question for a while, but in comparison to everything else going on, this just hadn't seemed to matter all that much. "No idea. Maybe the weather is real bad. Or Chuck couldn't find us and this is his way of flipping us the bird. Or Amara's, couldn't even blame her."
to him, for all of their sake. With Dean's gaze fixed on a point somewhere outside on the parking lot, Castiel figured it was time for another attempt to get through to the hunter. He was still hurting, but he couldn't afford to waste any more time, so he gathered his grace in the part of his form that overlapped the signpost outside from the Veil.
anything
"SAM!"
"A mistake he paid for with his life."
Rowena squared her shoulders in defense, but then she saw something in Dean's face that smoothed over her posture and voice. "That realm is not meant for humans. Even if I could, in theory, manage to create a portal leading there, we have no idea what would happen to you when you step in."
to say that, didn't you?" Rowena asked, adjusting her hold on the angel blade as Sam hurried to close the door, leaving only the smallest slit to peek through.
Untie!
"Dean, why are we running?"
"So, who had such a strong dislike for tree-loving rodents that they wiped the entire squirrel population off the map?"
Dean threw his legs over the side of the bed, put on his shoes and exited the room through the broken door. Sheltered by the overhang of the roof, he rubbed over the bridge of his nose and stared quietly into the rainfall that replaced the earlier hailstorm and pattered clamorously against the roof and the parked cars.
The demon narrowed Dean's eyes, but whatever he'd seen on Jack's face must have had an effect, because Roderick's expression morphed into something that was more open. One corner of his mouth twitched and he gave Jack a short, wordless nod a moment later. Now if only Jack could get rid of his own doubts this easily.
The others seemed to share the sentiment, throwing a last glance back to the living room that had kept them warm through the night. By now, the fire had burnt out and the room was shrouded in shade by the sparse light that fell in through the shutters. Then Dean opened the front door and they were greeted by an icy breeze. Sam pulled his jacket's zip a little higher and followed Dean out into the cold. Jack closed the door behind them.
He stepped into the box and a cloud of light rose all around him. It was silvery-white, like the moon had always been before the night had grown so much darker than it should be. Jack suspected his grandaunt had something to do with that. Then the light swallowed him whole.
On second thought, he also grabbed the notepad and some pens he saw in the drawer, then carried all of it over to the kitchen table where Dean was preparing rations and water bottles. Jack returned from the upper floor with mouthwash, soap, and a thin blanket for each of them and placed them on the table next to the other supplies. Something seemed to bother the boy, frowning down at his hand resting against the blankets' soft flannel.
The veins didn't seem to be able to touch his body at all.
Then Dean was fast asleep in this temporary safehouse, someone else's place of happiness, with the reassuring sound of two other breaths nearby and the fire crackling in the background, driving away any remaining cold in their bones.
Dean felt a jolt going through him, the sudden determination of the being he'd allowed into his body a physical pull. His legs made several steps out of the door before he put a stop to it, matching his own willpower against the stranger's.
the ones he held so dear. They knew next to nothing about each other, but any version of Dean was worth saving. That name was the only thought in his mind as he phased his celestial body from the Veil into the physical realm, spreading his wings far enough to cover the entire parking lot.
sarcastic?
"What the hell? What's with the toothpick?"
Everything came to a halt. The squirrel was frozen mid-movement, leaves no longer rustling under its feet. A bubble of dead silence surrounded him. The blades of grass near his shrub were no longer swaying in the wind, crystallized in a shard of time.
"We'll make a movie out of it. I can just see it, with a volcano erupting in the background."
he sent in reply, then added more quietly,
"Yes," Jack insisted, hardly ever as certain about anything in his life as he was about this.
he thought at the being in front of him, not questioning in the least that this was truly him, but hoping for any kind of recognition in return.
Jack detached the lantern from the wall and lit the way into a country house that smelled of the wood planks it was built with and the white flowers on a side table near the entrance. Homey. Welcoming. Deceptively safe. Flipping the light switches on and off in the hallway—or any other room—had no effect whatsoever. Judging by the temperature inside, the heaters weren't working either. Ever since humanity had disappeared, Dean had been wondering how long things like electricity would keep working. Now he had the answer: apparently not very long.
Dean shrugged lightly, one corner of his mouth twitching. "Can't blame ya."
Dean was—
"I didn't. Roderick is
Castiel held on tightly and shared what little power he had regained, sent the hope he carried into this new connection against any logical reasoning that his efforts would be futile. He wasn't sure how long he'd be able to keep this up, or if the blackness would be able to reclaim him as well through his extended grace, but he refused to let go now, determined to make a stand for his friend who had always deserved better.
"If it's this meatsuit you have a score to settle with, I can assure you it's only a tem—"
"All right, Dean, if you're so sure it wasn't the car, then what was it?"
to follow it, knew he had to find the source that had kindled the fire. But he was held down.
"Pray tell, lads, what is it that God desires so badly, the thing that he got in every universe but this one?"
The light was dimming, shivering, entirely unaware of their presence. In an attempt of comfort, a strand of Castiel's grace reached out for a tentative connection he had probably lost every right to in the moment he had extinguished his old friend's earthly and heavenly existence. Their human throat constricted and he swallowed against the feeling of confinement.
it, only to bloody die on him. Rude, that's what it was! The way the broken bones crunched with every movement was kind of distasteful, but he'd seen worse, done worse, in Hell. Still, held together by nothing but demonic essence, this body had given a friendly wave to its expiration date a while ago. Probably somewhere around the first ten metres of climbing. Maybe before.
leaving you behind!"
Where did the kid even hope to
"It's really not death per se, not in the way it is for humans. Souls transition, they change shape after death and—"
The quiet voice meant to soothe, but the promise of relief, of freedom just redoubled his desolate sobs. What did freedom even still mean to him? Everything, he'd lost
Jack seemed genuinely pleased about this turn of events and poured some of the small loops into his open palm. The things you did for family. Sam took one of them, ate it dry like a cracker. It was disgusting. His opinion must have shown on his face because he heard snorting from the opposite end of the table and kicked blindly, without force, until his shoe met a leg.
He turned to meet Dean's gaze. Words were unnecessary in mutual recognition of the storm they saw raging behind each other's eyes. Jack loosely held out both of his hands at his sides, let the energy stream around the tips of his fingers, and nodded at a question that was never asked.
Dean huffed out a breath and averted his gaze. "I just figured it would be useful now, you know? With no more meatsuits for demons or angels. And it's not like we could turn on the TV or something to pass the time. Electricity's gone."
will change that, not ever."
The demonic essence wasn't suffocating this time, had merely interrupted whatever reaction had been happening between grace and soul, before backing down to give Castiel sufficient room again. Confused beyond measure, Castiel didn't know what to think.
After one last caress of the length of her tongue across his, far gentler than he'd ever thought she'd kiss, they stopped for air again, breathing in the change on each other's faces. Words had left him, but they would have felt strangely inappropriate anyway, too small to encompass what had just happened. So he gave her something bigger instead, more meaningful than words could have been. Another one of the smiles that she'd returned to him.
"You realize it was you, don't you?" she said quietly, out of nowhere.
"Loss of man bun, Samuel."
Dean had redefined the end of the world, and death itself.
"O-okay," Sam said. "But... God—angels. Don't they..."
He missed the quiet conversations, the jokes, missed the way they could make an angel laugh. Cas just belonged now, and his absence left a void that felt wrong to its core. There was no telling where all the humans had disappeared to if their souls had not arrived in the afterlife, but they did know where Cas was.
