He chews his lip as he stares at his phone, contemplating calling him. Just for a minute. But Castiel had said he would be busy most of the time he was gone. Dean doesn’t want to bother him just to talk about nothing.
Dean glances at Castiel above him and sighs. “It’s just…I was taught that submissives aren’t supposed to look directly at their Master, that it was challenging their dominance. A perfect sub shows his submission in every action: from his stance to the way he behaves.”
Castiel’s not sure Dean sees it as rape either, and that bothers him more than not going to the police. He knows in the back of his mind that Dean’s right, knows that going to the police will do little good if Dean is unwilling. That doesn’t mean he likes it. He wants to see Alastair behind bars, not trolling the streets for his next victim.
Dean watches as Castiel blows on a pickle to cool it down before biting into it and making an appreciative noise around the breaded goodness. Dean licks his lips as he watches a trickle of juice make its way down Castiel’s chin.
“It’s not that I think you’re going to hurt me,” Dean says, “I trust you. It’s just that sometimes my brain forgets you’re not—” Dean turns away from Castiel, unwilling to voice that thought.
The spoon he’d been using to scoop fried rice clatters against the plate as Dean turns to face Castiel. “I thought we covered everything already.”
“Excuse me?” Dean stays silent, save for his harsh breaths. “That’s what I thought. Filthy bitches have no right to be giving orders here. But you know that, don’t you? You know exactly what your purpose is.” Alastair runs his fingers down Dean’s sides as he speaks. “
“Well get to it, then. The food will be here soon,” Castiel says with a smirk that Dean quickly returns before pulling Castiel’s pants down enough so they aren’t in the way. Just as he’s about to do the same to his underwear Castiel taps him on the arm.
“Yeah, I mean I get it. It’s just…different than what I’m used to.” Dean shrugs, not wanting to steer the conversation towards Alastair again.
He leans over so he can growl into the man’s ear. “Touch me again and I’ll break every one of your fingers.”
“Gonna come in your pants? That’s so hot, so—shit—” Castiel’s hips stutter and he inhales on a low, rumbling chuckle. “God, look at us. You’re driving me absolutely crazy.”
Dean closes his eyes and focuses on his breathing, taking deep breaths until his heart slows to a normal pace.
He reaches a hand out to trace the firmness of Castiel’s length through his jeans, wishing he could touch and taste the real thing without any of these confining layers separating them.
“Do you want to know what I had to deal with while you were here being a tease? Disobeying me. Breaking rules.”
“Are you telling me or asking?” Castiel’s voice is a deep growl as he holds Dean’s hips and pulls him up, drawing almost all the way out, and then plunging him back down in one smooth motion.
In the quiet peacefulness of his bath Dean’s mind threatens to bombard him with memories of the previous day, drawing up images and feelings he’d much rather forget. He hums to himself until his thoughts quiet and the only sound is the echoed sloshing of the warm water in the tub as he moves.
“You have no idea how amazing you are.” Castiel says it so quietly that Dean wonders if maybe he wasn’t meant to hear it.
He kicks off his shoes and heads straight for the kitchen, grabbing containers of food from the fridge to dish out a pile of spaghetti that threatens to spill out of his bowl. He heats it up and brings his dinner to the living room so he can sit with Castiel while he eats.
He doesn’t even really remember what happened in the movie he’d been watching in bed, too busy wondering where he and Castiel stand in their relationship. As much as he wants Castiel to come home, Dean’s nervous about facing him and the uncertainty he feels.
“Excuse me.” A woman with graying hair waves her hand in front of Dean, but he just stares at the place the man disappeared.
The pickle turns to stone as it makes its way down Dean’s throat, and he has to take a long gulp of water to wash it down, where it clunks into his stomach.
“Really?” Castiel crosses his arms over his chest. “Because since I’m the one who scheduled the appointment, mine is the number on file and I got a call from Doctor Pavlovská this afternoon.”
Instead of answering, Dean grunts and buries his head in Castiel’s lap. He doesn’t want to leave the comfort of Castiel’s warmth and face reality. Not yet.
“You replaced my window and my key?” He takes the key from Castiel and slides into the driver’s seat, running his hands along the steering wheel, feeling around underneath where he had had to dig out the wires. “Thank you, Cas. But I—you shouldn’t have. This couldn’t have been cheap and it’s my car, you shouldn’t have to…”
Dean’s begging only seems to egg Alastair on. His weight is crushing as he leans over Dean, grunting as he thrusts harder and digs his fingers into Dean’s hips. The ice cubes inside him are stirred around, melting faster as Alastair continues fucking him and cool water dribbles out around his cock.
“It’s a complicated way of saying I’m in charge of dealing with a lot of insufferable people to make sure the company looks good.”
It’s a nickname Meg gave me when we were kids. I was named after an angel so she thought it was funny.”
Alastair is saying something, but Dean’s pretty sure it’s just more derogatory phrases aimed to make him feel like shit, so he tunes everything out and focuses on trying to relax his body instead. He gives in to it, to his Master’s harsh treatment of his body, to the shame washing through him at being so on display. He lets his mind go blank, something that has taken years of practice. It lets him find at least some enjoyment from these scenes with Alastair.
Every time he moves along the dildo, forwards or backwards, it causes the rice under his knees to move and dig further into his skin until Dean thinks they’ll be stuck there permanently.
“How are you feeling?” Castiel massages Dean’s jaw, rubbing the ache away. He smiles softly when Dean opens and shuts his mouth and then just stares up at him. “The scene is over now. You may speak.”
ALSO! I used all this time to lay out a rough guideline for the rest of this story and I think there’ll end up being 5 more chapters before it’s done. Maybe one or two more depending on how long the chapters get because there’s still a lot to get through.
“Stop moving your hips.” Castiel positions his body away so Dean ruts up into nothing a few times before finally stilling and resting back against the counter.  “Good. Now breathe deeply,” Castiel instructs. He rucks Dean’s shirt up until it’s bunched under his arms. “Focus on your body, on the pleasure coursing through you.”
She scoffs. “I’ll be fine. Are you all right to get home by yourself? Do you need to call someone to pick you up?”
Dean slides down the length as far as he can and rests for a moment, letting the weight of Castiel settle on his tongue and just feeling. He exhales deeply through his nose and thinks maybe he should take the laptop back and mark cock warming higher on his list of curiosities. It’s definitely something he wants to try.
“Come, Dean. Come with me.” Castiel tugs Dean’s hair harshly and bites against the pulse point in his neck as he grinds down hard and comes, his hips moving in short thrusts, groans muffled against Dean’s skin.
Castiel goes in search of a movie, and Dean sets to making the best popcorn he’s ever made. He fills the machine with kernels and a few minutes later he has a giant bowl overflowing with light, fluffy popcorn, smothered in salt and melted butter. He grabs a handful of napkins and meets Castiel in the living room.
Dean tries to push himself back on Castiel’s tongue, but firm hands grip his hips, holding him in place while Castiel continues to work Dean open slowly, making filthy slurping noises as he does.
Dean’s hand goes for his keys, but his fingers only brush against the fabric lining the pocket of his borrowed jacket.
Castiel thrusts forward and seats himself fully inside Dean and gasps. Dean gives his hips an experimental roll and moans when Castiel hits his prostate. He repeats the action and clenches down, trying to entice Castiel to start moving.
“I’m going to wrap you up with rope all pretty.” He traces over Dean’s chest, drawing patterns like he’s mapping out where the rope will bind him. “But not tie you down, ‘cause you’re going to stay nice and still for me, aren’t you?”
The music cuts out and both Dean and Castiel turn towards the stage where someone taps against the microphone, making it screech. He tries to give Castiel a reassuring smile. “I’ll be fine; I do this every week.” With that he starts towards the stage, ready to prove to Castiel that he can handle himself.
Cooking always puts Dean in a good mood, but today, cooking for Castiel, that feeling is even greater. Castiel’s been complaining about work lately, even when they had been texting back and forth earlier in the week. He never went into much detail, but Dean knows there’s something big happening that has been causing Castiel a lot of stress. Hopefully tonight Dean will be able to take his mind off of whatever it is and help him relax a little.
Dean goes in for more than a quick peck, but Castiel leans out of his reach. He wraps his legs around Castiel’s waist and pulls him closer, but Castiel just scoops him off the counter and into his arms. Dean squawks and wraps his legs tighter around Castiel.
Escaping from Alastair was only step one. Dean still has a whole bunch of stuff he needs to work through in order to move on.
“But if you were having more ‘normal’ sex that would be perfectly fine dinner conversation with your family?”
His phone chimes in his pocket and he digs it out quickly. He’d been hoping for a text from Castiel, but his face falls when he reads a list of instructions from Alastair. Dean had completely lost track of the days. It’s a good thing Alastair texted or he’d have spent the night under the covers.
“Fuck!” Dean screams, “fuck, fuck, fuck.” Tears leak out the corner of his eyes with the effort of holding back his orgasm.
The hot breath on his hole turns into a warm, wet tongue slurping at the tight ring of muscle. Dean clenches as a last ditch effort to keep the tongue out, but the guy is persistent and only presses harder. Men are crowded around his body now, fisting their hardening dicks.
“Wanna throw on a documentary or something while we eat?” Dean asks as he doles out food for himself and Castiel.
He pulls Dean up on shaky legs and kisses him softly. “Go kneel on the floor in front of the couch, I’ll be there in a minute. And use a pillow for your knees.”
Castiel shuffles back into his room and slips on a t-shirt, then follows Dean to the table where the breakfast feast Dean prepared is waiting for them.
Castiel hums happily and wraps his arm around Dean. “I was angry earlier today, but I will never punish you out of anger. And we do nothing if either of us isn’t in the right headspace. Okay?”
A shrill ringing echoes down the hall and Castiel watches the man dig a phone from his pocket. Castiel’s skin is itching from standing immobile so long. He wants to rush down the hall and push the bulky man out of the way, wants to get a few good punches in, actually. But he forces himself to be patient.
“You will eat at least two meals a day. They don’t have to be big meals, but your eating habits aren’t healthy. And I want you to text me when you eat telling me what you’re eating.”
Dean hesitates before nodding. He doesn’t want to stop texting Castiel, but maybe it would be better if he had a day or two to sort out his thoughts.
Dean almost says yes, would love nothing more than to leave this place with Castiel, but he catches a glimpse of the small stage and shakes his head. “Can’t; I’m almost up.”
Dean realizes he’s been standing in the kitchen just staring at the set table for some time. Castiel must be caught up at work, so Dean washes the dirty pots and pans from cooking dinner while he waits, but when he’s done Castiel still isn’t home. Dean’s stomach growls impatiently. He hasn’t eaten all day and the pasta smells amazing, but he ignores his stomach and heads to the living room to watch TV while he waits for Castiel.
Dean has his own way of dealing with the traumas of his past. Are they healthy? No. But it gets him through the day.
Dean never plans anything for these performances. He had tried before; he came up with a routine and practiced at home, but once he got on stage he ended up overthinking every move, and the entire show was a disaster. So now he lets the organizer pick the song of the week and just feels the music, letting himself go and moving to the rhythm.
His excitement even carries over to the next day all the way through his first shift, which ended up being two hours longer than originally planned. Tessa had needed him to stay late to help with a sudden rush of customers while she dealt with a poorly timed delivery of coffee grounds and cups.
Dean hadn’t realized how hungry he was until the smell of Szechuan beef came wafting down the hallway when the delivery guy came out of the elevator. His mouth waters now as he stares down at his full plate and he’s glad he’s sitting on the floor so Castiel won’t be able to see him scarf down dinner in what is sure to be a very unattractive manner.
I promise I am trying my hardest to find time to finish this story, but I kind of forgot about it for a bit and anyway, all of my writing time is taken up by the two book series I’m currently working on.
Castiel’s touch withdraws and Dean chokes on his own tears, sure that he’s been proven right, that Castiel has realized just how gross he is, broken beyond repair, and doesn’t even want to touch someone so filthy. Dean can’t handle the stinging ache of rejection that clenches his heart.
“Good. Now I believe I have a promise to fulfil. Turn around and bend over the bed with that pretty ass in the air.”
he loves you, Cas. You’re the first person who’s paid him any attention in years. This is exactly like last time. What he’s really feeling is gratitude. And that will fade and he’ll leave, but by that point you’ll be too attached and I’ll be forced to pick up the pieces yet again.”
“How many shots of espresso do you have to drink every day to go that fast?” Dean asks when he gets up to the counter.
Dean looks up then and Castiel flashes him a small smile that makes the tightness in his chest loosen a bit. “Okay,” he agrees, but he still can’t shake the feeling that he’s messing everything up. Castiel is just being polite.
A warning: this chapter is pretty brutal, heavy on the rape. It’s also a relatively short chapter and if you want to skip it because of the rape aspect you won’t be missing too much, plot-wise.
Dean lies still, fighting the urge to curl his legs up to protect against Alastair. He knows by disobeying his Master he only causes himself more pain, but he can’t bring himself to spread his legs. His ass is too sore for anything Alastair might have planned.
Castiel’s hits become harder to anticipate: he’ll smack Dean hard once, then just swat him lightly, or spend a minute feeling the warmth blossoming on Dean’s backside before raining down an unending flurry of spanks and then go right back to rubbing soothing circles until Dean can’t keep up.
“I’ll text you,” Dean says as he straightens. He takes a step back and feels Castiel’s arms loosen around him until they’re no longer touching.
His palms start sweating, but he’s shocked to find himself aroused, not afraid. In the face of Alastair’s punishments Dean always felt a pit in his stomach, scared that once again Alastair would take things too far. But Dean trusts Castiel. He trusts that Castiel would never do anything that would put either of them in jeopardy.
Dean’s just contemplating doing the same move again when Castiel goes for more popcorn, and it’s him who’s scooting closer to Dean this time.
Dean knows Garth is joking, but his words still twist his stomach into knots. One of the first things Alastair did was cut Dean off from his friends and family and Dean hadn’t fully realized what was happening until it was too late. It makes Dean sick knowing he was doing that to Castiel, even if it had been unintentional.
“You don’t think…” Dean shakes his head, but starts again a few minutes later, the words coming out in a rush. “You don’t think going to therapy makes me weak?”
Dean nearly falls out of the booth. He removes the cold cloth from his eyes and blinks at Castiel who’s sitting in front of him, right across the table, smiling at him.
As soon as his cock stops twitching Alastair pulls out and goes into the bathroom. A moment later, Dean hears the shower running. He closes his eyes, settles into the mattress and tries to ignore the mix of come and melted ice dripping from his hole. He hums to himself to keep calm while he waits. Alastair likes to take long showers.
Dean may not have gotten off on the right foot with Meg, but he was starting to see why she should be worried about Castiel. It still doesn’t make him like her.
“Makes sense,” Dean says, staring into his drink thoughtfully, “I’m still gonna drink this, though. Plus, I’m not scening with Alastair tonight. I only came here to break it off with him publicly where he can’t…make a scene.” He twirls the whiskey in his glass before lifting it off the bar. “Liquid courage.” He tips his glass in salute before tilting it back and feeling the alcohol burn a trail down his throat, warming him from the inside. He sets the glass back on the bar-top with a dull
Alastair moves in a flash, hitting Dean across the face with the palm of his hand. The smack echoes through the room. “You repulse me,” Alastair spits as Dean sits there, stunned, tears springing to his eyes.
Sometime later Castiel clears his throat. “There’s something I want to talk about with you,” he says. “Can you keep an open mind?”
It only fuels Dean’s arousal. His dick twitches as he imagines Castiel here with him, dominating him, punishing him for touching himself without permission. Well, technically, he hasn’t broken any rules yet. He doubts that means he’ll get off scot-free, but he could stop here and feign innocence.
Castiel huffs out a laugh and rolls his eyes, “No, Dean, I wanted to discuss your relationship with Alastair.”
“Poker, baby,” Garth calls from the dining room where everyone is seated around a large table. There are two more women at the table that Garth introduces as Bess, his fiancée, and Hannah.
The couches look brand new, but Dean swears it’s identical to the one they got when his grandparents passed away. Even the thick curtains have this awful paisley pattern on them. Dean thinks maybe he should check again how old Castiel is.
“Nah, I already know you’d win.” Dean can feel Castiel’s smile against his skin when he hums in consideration. He wraps his legs around Castiel’s waist to pull him closer. “We could have hot, dirty sex on your counter.” He ruts up against his body between his legs for emphasis.
“Don’t mention it,” Dean croaks, mouth dry. He takes a long pull of his beer and places the empty bottle on the bar.
A few minutes later, Dean reaches for popcorn again and uses it as an excuse to shift closer, eliminating some of the space between them. He feels Castiel shift to look at him, and tenses slightly, but after a moment Castiel looks away again.
Dean can’t help but rock his hips, seeking the firmness of Castiel’s body, sweet friction, something,
“Dude, no.” Dean scrunches up his nose. “That microwavable shit is the worst. It’s not even real butter. I do have everything we need to make air-popped popcorn though.” He digs around in the cupboard and brings out a container of kernels. He chuckles at the face Castiel pulls. “Trust me; it’s so much better than that artificial crap.”
Castiel is immensely thankful for her kindness. He feels lightened as he turns and makes his way towards the back of the club. He keeps an eye on Alastair as he moves, wary to stay hidden behind the bodies of other people milling about or dancing to the loud music.
“We protect each other. Castiel, unfortunately, is susceptible to deception when the package is…” she pauses to look Dean up and down, a scowl crossing her face when she says, “pretty. He doesn’t have the capability of looking beyond that.”
Dean cuts Charlie off mid-sentence and starts to get up from their table. “Shit, sorry. I didn’t think we’d be here this long, I’m actually supposed to be working right now.”
Castiel is staring at him, dumbfounded. “I’ve never heard of him keeping the same submissive for more than a year, at the very most.”
“I still don’t understand why you need a safeword if you’re the one in control. Can’t you just stop the scene any time?”
Castiel leans over Dean’s back and applies the first touch to his lower back, smoothing the ointment onto the cuts and lightly massaging it into his skin. Dean grunts and groans, feeling his muscles relax fully as Castiel gently kneads out the knots and slowly works up to the more severe cuts.
“I don’t like to be taken care of,” Dean says quietly, his voice barely audible over the rush of water pouring from the faucet. He fingers the ties of the coat still secured around him. “I mean, I do, in a sense I guess, but not—I don’t want you to think I’m weak.”
Castiel gets up and washes his hands in the sink, scrubbing their combined release down the drain. “If you’re that insatiable I can tie you down with a vibrator in your ass and leave you there until the food gets here.”
Castiel frowns and Dean rubs at the back of his neck, darting his eyes away. He knows what people think of men who bake. He used to hide it, especially from his dad, but he’s developed his skills in the kitchen all on his own and he’s proud of it.
Dean doesn’t want Castiel to go easy on him. He’s been seriously missing the SM part of BDSM, something he doesn’t want to bring up to Castiel. But now it looks like he won’t have to.
Dean squishes his own burger down so he can actually fit his mouth around it and take a bite. Flavours swirl together on his tongue and he doesn’t realize he’s moaned around his mouthful of food until Castiel catches his eye.
His voice crackles over the shitty speaker, but it still manages to make Dean’s knees weak.  “Hey, Cas. C’mon up.” He lets Castiel into the building, then does a quick once over of the spotless apartment.
Dean holds the car door open for Castiel and gives him a quick kiss. “I did. Thanks for inviting me.”
Dean stares down at Castiel as he lifts Dean’s soft dick and slides the cage on, making Dean shiver at the cold metal against his flesh. Castiel locks it in place with a tiny padlock and then leans back, Dean groaning at the added weight of the cage on him.
“I’m sorry, Master,” Dean bites out. His nails dig into his palms to keep from prying the harsh fingers from his hair.
As they eat Castiel’s praise of the food and Dean’s cooking skills is constant and Dean soaks in it. It’s been so long since he cooked for someone and it makes him swell with pride that Castiel is enjoying it so much.
“You looked amazing in those panties. I’ve never had a panty kink or anything, but I think seeing you in them that night may have changed that. You don’t have t—”
"I-im close-" he warned Dean, feeling that well of heat pooling in his stomach. He pushed up a little, toes curling in his boots as the wave slammed down on him and he came; breathless and flustered. He opened his eyes, half lidded with pleasure as he licked off his lips. Reality would set in soon, but he was so lost in a cloudy bliss, that nothing could bring him down.
Dean would cover him head to toe in hickeys if he could, his lips trailing up to a spot just beneath his rib cage on his side. He made another mark there, kissing every inch of skin he passed on his way there. He didn’t know what was happening to him, but he wanted to worship Cas’ body.
Cas climbed out of his bed and made his way over to the duffle bag that he had been avoiding. He gently unzipped it and it was like his heart fell out all over again. It was a journal that was gifted to him, so it had sentimental meaning. He gently smoothed out some of the pages but others were ripped, wrecked beyond recognition. All his feelings for Dean, the things he had drawn and written; each page with Dean's eyes were especially ruined, water having made the pages fall apart and turn to nothing but a gluggy, wet mess. About an hour in, his vision blurred and he just couldn't deal with the trainwreck anymore. He threw the journal out, refusing to look at it any further.
"Alright. Sounds like a plan." Brad got up from the booth and made a beeline for a cab. He snooped around for a bit once he arrived at Dean’s room, but finding nothing interesting, he just set up the cameras.
Dean let out a soft “oof” when Cas landed on him, but he was fine. Gratefully, he wrapped him up in his arms, pressing his lips blindly to any part of Cas that he could reach.
"Yes- just like that--" Cas breathed out, his eyes closing as he leaned back into his palms. He licked over his lips, a symphony of moans tumbling out as he shamelessly gave into the pleasure.
Cas had picked himself up and climbed back into bed. He was shirtless, his hair tousled and his sweatpants low on his hips. He was half-sprawled under the sheets, watching mindless videos on his phone as he heard the doorknob rattle. He placed his phone down and sat up, the sheet pooling around his waist.
“No. Take your shoes off and sit next to me. I won’t bite. I just...it’s easier for me to fall asleep if I’ve got someone beside me.”
This was perfect to her; she felt her orgasm fast approaching and she gasped, her stomach clenching. She cried out, coming loudly and clenching around his cock as she had a dry orgasm, her hands dropping to claw at the sheets.
Dean smiled, holding the small of Cas’ back and pressing him close to his chest. Adrenaline was the only thing keeping him going at that point. Exhausted was an understatement. He stepped off the elevator once it reached the top floor and led Cas down the hallway to his room. He kept the lights off as he walked inside, removing his shoes and his hoodie and tossing them to wherever they landed in the darkness.
Dean knew he couldn’t win this, so he hung his head and removed his sunglasses, slipping them into his pocket. “So who’s gonna be their replacement?”
Dean’s eyes bore into hers. “I don’t like being lied to, Jo. Brad told me you hired him. Neither of you cover your tracks well. He sent that video from his personal phone number and he was very easy to find, sold you out for the right price. So you were trying to get Cas fired on purpose. Why? Did you think you’d get to have me instead? Why would I ever want to be with someone who’d do something so cruel? Maybe I would’ve considered it before all this...but not now.”
Dean let them all stare at each other for several seconds before tutting Cas, gently shoving him slightly so Dean had room to step in. Cas willed the ground to open up, staring at the ceiling.
“Still a bright ray of sunshine I see. Ok, pumpkin. Hurry back.” Dean couldn’t help himself. The bathroom door closed without comment.
Cas bounced on the sidewalk in irritation, checking his watch again with a huff. He had hoped he wouldn’t be stood up again, and yet here he was, a half hour after their arranged meeting time, alone once more. Fucking Grindr. What type of person makes him dress up in a Halloween costume only to stand him up? And why had Cas gone full Bela Lugosi vampire with cape, high collar, face make-up and fake teeth? He looked like a douche. He felt like a douche. And now Balthazar wasn’t picking up, not answering texts, had even blocked him on all social media. That was clear enough.
“I come from nothing. I work all my life, serving the people. And then they come into my country, and took it all away!” He shouted the last bit right into Zach’s startled face. “And now they lock me up like a rat, feed me poison. Is this fear? When Dean Winchester is dead, you’ll be paid in full.” He flicked the bloody pen in his face, turning away in disgust.
He was giddy with excitement. It was getting dark and those idiots should be back any time now. He set up his i-pod while he was waiting, playing the cheesiest Halloween playlist he had been able to find. Monster Mash was starting when he heard the familiar rumble in the garage. This was gonna be sweet!
Cas looked to the ground and huffed out a big sigh. “He is. And I told him today that I forgave him.”
Suddenly, Dean felt a tap on his shoulder. He kissed Cas’ hand sweetly again before leaving it go very reluctantly. He stood, held out his hands, eyes on Cas the whole time while Gabriel clapped the handcuffs on him. Dean reached out both hands, gently caressed Cas’ cheek. “Feel better. I’ll see you soon.” Dean smirked as he was led away by several Interpol officers.
Judge Singer eyed him with barely concealed disdain. “I believe we had a few more seconds on the clock.” He turned to the other two judges on either side of him, who nodded their agreement.
Dean knew when he succeeded in finding that magic spot when Cas locked up with a loud gasp, his teeth grabbing his lower lip with a low growl. A thin sheen of sweat broke out across his brow as Dean worked a third finger in, Cas pushing back on them to get them all in deeper. Dean’s free hand rubbed along Cas’ runner thighs, grazing his balls, grasping at Cas’ throbbing erection.
Dean stopped to look at Cas properly. “Well, that’s cold. Look, maybe, just maybe, you ought to give him a pass on this. I gotta tell you, honestly, there’s not a lot of people in this world that would put up with your shit. You need someone to have your back.”
Cas suddenly pointed to Gabe with a start. “28! Fuck it. Prague!” He turned back to Dean and savagely flicked a card at him, getting him right on the nose.
Cas glowered, about to snark at Dean to hurry the fuck up, but his jaw slackened in pleasure instead as Dean shoved back into him fully with one smooth thrust. “Fuck! Deeeaaannn!” Cas’ nails ran down Dean’s back, scratching him deliciously as Dean bent down to lick up Cas’ throat while thrusting solidly into him, trapping Cas’ hard cock between them.
She quickly grabbed Cas around the shoulders, pulling him down to her level, coming next to him. “Say cheese!”
A hastily pulled bicycle did the trick, with the first goon quickly falling over it, unable to avoid it in his haste. He smacked the ground in frustration. Cas exited the train, immediately colliding with the third guy, bringing them both down. Cas rose quickly, speeding along the platform, cocking an eyebrow over his shoulder at the hilt of his pen knife sticking out of the middle of the Belarusians chest. He hadn’t gotten up. Cas was almost at the end of the platform.
He got to the other side, happy to have lost the cop car. He drove up a slight slope and jumped over a bench landing right in front of the cop car on the road on the opposite side. “Well shit.” Cas turned the bike and took off, the cop car right behind him again.
“Oh, high value? Oh.” Cas began to have a look around the apartment. “I don’t really do high value anymore. These days I’m more in the mid-level, coked out attorney market. Why do you think that is?”
Gabriel and Dean gradually came to, with an agent screaming at them through the damaged windshield. He was suddenly blown away by a grenade. Dean spied his handcuff keys on the ground by his head. He groggily picked them up and got to work.
Zach followed closely behind with a folder of documents, sweeping into the room, making for the big table by the window. “Quite the dust up in Coventry this morning. But you wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?”
Gabriel became firm friends with Kevin and Charlie immediately, once he knew they were Dean’s background team, and had looked after Cas so much over the years. They stuck around the Hague for a spell while Cas was in hospital to keep him company, only leaving to take a road trip to Amsterdam. They greeted Sam warmly when they collected him from prison, bringing him back to the Hague to meet Cas, after a visit to Rowena of course.
Dean chuckled with a watery smile, taking Cas’ face in both of his shaking hands, cradling him gently. He stared deep into Cas’ pained eyes. “Don’t you even think about going anywhere on me. Again. You hear me?”
Dean passed more benches, where yet another man got up and followed him. He pulled a gun out of his pocket as Cas came up behind him and punched him hard into the back of his neck, right at the base of his skull. Cas helped the now slumped form onto the bench, pulled his cap over his face, took his gun, removed the magazine and tossed them both into the hedge before following Dean.
The firing soon stopped, but Cas still looked back at his boot distrustfully. Dean surfaced next to him. Cas gave him a defeated look. “There goes the guns.”
Dean had seen Cas bolt out of the corner of his eye as he reversed the car, swinging the wheel until he drove off under the elevated highway. Four cars gave close chase. The one in the other lane ran into the back of a reversing garbage truck, recoiling hard. Dean grinned, turning his attention to the three other vehicles.
Cas shook his head, looking down and swallowing. “This is the most fun I’ve had in years. Except for the scares, obviously. And I don’t want it to end yet.”
Zach gave him a friendly smile, sending him on his way. Gabriel took his place in the middle van with Dean, sitting as close to him as he possibly could with the bars. Other armed agents piled into the remaining seats. The convoy of three vehicles started up and began to leave the garage.
“I was working a few long jobs in a row right before Gabriel called me. Haven’t been able to stop in a good long while. I’ll be fine. Go. Look after yourself. One of those bags has medical supplies to change your dressing. Need any help with that?” Cas looked up at the last part.
“I need to change my bandage and take a shower. The hot water still work in this place?” Dean took another look around, marvelling at the ammo stash, impressed at the array of guns.
As he looked forward to check on the line’s progress, he noticed a lone guy in front of them. Even dressed in a Halloween costume, he had never seen anyone look more lonely, a cloud of despair almost visible around him. Dean’s heart ached when he saw him pull the cape around himself, hugging his arms in tight. He knew what it felt like to be that alone, wondering what this guy’s story was. Dean wasn’t able to get a good look, as the guy stayed facing forward with his shoulders slumped and eyes down, almost missing his call when it came. Dean watched him sadly enter the house.
Cas indicated his head toward the gun. “If you wouldn’t mind.” He was still panting hard, trying to catch his breath from the winding.
dick might fit in here, but mine…….?” Dean shrugged. “Plus, I need every drop of this to tolerate your rules. Just pull the fucking car over.”
Despite feeling that he was under too much stress in his job, after his at-his-desk-lunch, he was swamped in his office for the rest of the day. Due to there being a December 23rd deadline, everything needed his sign off and approval. A lot of things had tweaks that meant things were sent back to him creating even more work. He had a late finish that night.
He turned back in time to see another guy dance up behind his beau. Cas frowned at the blatant audacity. His nostrils flared as the hot guy turned to the newcomer. Cas was surprised at the strong surge of jealousy he felt, until he saw his potential love interest gently push the newcomer away with a shaking head. He then turned back to Cas with a grin, wiggling his eyebrows, holding out an inviting hand as he swayed with a beckoning finger.
“In this trial, the world community is attempting to make a statement, well now, I would like to make a statement of my own.” He ignored the constant banging of the gavel.
He punched Alastair in the crotch, who staggered back, harshly ripping the shovel out of Cas’ leg as he went. Cas cursed loudly, looking about for anything else within reach. His eyes fell on the rolls of chain on the near wall. He grabbed a good sized one, stood straight with effort, lined up with Alastair who was advancing on him again, and tossed the chain. It wrapped neatly around Alastair’s neck twice, catching together. Alastair’s eyes went wide with disbelief, grabbing at the chain to loosen it. Cas pulled harder, holding tight so Alastair couldn’t loosen it with any movement. Cas saw that Alastair had managed to get a finger in under the chain, which would never do.
Cas stared off into space, wondering how he could get out of this one. Maybe slipping away while Gabe was otherwise occupied….? That might work. Or maybe he could pay someone to distract him.
About ten minutes later, Cas pulled into the garage of a secluded B&B. Dean noticed it was quite an old building, with no cameras or apparent security system that he could see. And they’d used back roads to get here, with their car now out of sight. Cas was very smart.
Cas flicked on the main light overhead as he rummaged through his bag. Dean hissed loudly at the light in protest, throwing an arm across his eyes. Cas’ eyes swept over his form, noticing all the scars and past wounds dotting his flesh. Despite this, Dean was built, muscled and gorgeous. Cas couldn’t help noticing the trim waist, wide chest and angel wing hip bones, the strong arms rippling as he breathed. Cas’ mouth watered a little before he shook himself out of it. “We leave in an hour. You hungry?”
“I thought I lost you that day, Cas. For a moment, I really really did. It-it broke me. I thought you— All because you— took a bullet for…for me—” Dean looked away. Cas frowned at the disgusted tone. A single tear fell from Dean’s eyes, more threatening to spill over. Cas hugged him tighter, just making out the whisper. “I would never have forgiven myself.”
The phone could just about download videos, but didn’t allow Dean to upload his own. The first one that came through was so simple, so normal, Dean knew he’d treasure it forever. It was just another game night, with Cas concentrating on trying to pull out a wooden Jenga piece. The camera was right up close to Cas as he stared at the block in concentration, tongue between his teeth, hand unwavering as he gently pulled it out and placed it on top of the swaying stack. He winked to the camera, saying, “That’s how winners do it.” He grinned his gummy grin, eyes twinkling as everyone else roared at his skill, a hand tussling his hair. Dean couldn’t remember how many times he played the video that night, just to hear the sound of Cas’ voice. He texted Sam to make sure they sent a lot more videos of everyone.
The towel was pulled over his face again, and Cas began to scream once more as Rasputin put his face right up close to watch.
A black car pulled up, Alastair got out, speaking to his own people through a microphone. They acknowledged him. They also spaced out around the square.
“No, no, Cas. Nothing that extravagant. Just a good quality suit in an old reused bag. It’s on me. A gift.” He stepped into Cas’ space, silently pulled an Armani tag from his neck, tossing it in the bin. Dean swallowed, seeing how close he was to Cas now, and quickly stepped back, rubbing the back of his neck nervously.
He slowly made his way through the first room, lights spluttering on and off periodically so he could just about make his way. It was clogged with fake spider webs that revealed only one exit on the far side. He swallowed harshly, figuring there wouldn’t be anything scary in the first room that could be heard by the queue outside the curtain. There were low sounds of a howling wind, sometimes footsteps, sometimes a witches cackle.
“Thank you!” Cas deadpanned sarcastically. “They’ll be expecting us to take a direct route to the ferry. And we have the time to do this instead.”
Cas looked at Dean thoughtfully, not even trying to hide the slight smirk on his lips. “Been talking about me for years, eh?”
As they appeared to be favouring Dean’s UK place to stay in, Cas had clearly helped himself to Dean’s clothes stash. It did things to his chest to see Cas in his various band t-shirts in the summer sunshine. Most were too big for him, making him look extra adorable. Fuck, such a shame they’d had so little time before he got thrown back in jail. He hoped Cas knew just how deeply Dean loved him.
Cas met Gabriel’s eyes, nodding to him as he tucked in his shirt and dusted himself off. Meg, the prosecutor, smirked at Metatron with glee as she stood.
When Charlie was finally satisfied with all of the portraits, she announced they could leave. Dean appeared at Cas’ side as he was smiling fondly at all of the pictures in his chat, setting them to save directly to his camera roll. Even the prom ones had come out well, he had somehow managed to look all right.
“Yeah? Thanks so much.” Cas made to open the side door before Dean stopped him with a hand to the shoulder.
A mini-bus came out of the darkness behind them, the driver pulled up with the window already down. “Need a ride?”
As Sam gingerly tip-toed up the stairs, taking two or three steps at a time, Dean leaned in to whisper to Cas. “Watch which steps he took, as I’m betting some of the others are loose.”
Cas tickled along Dean’s upturned ribs. Dean gave a startled cry as he turned quickly, grabbing both of Cas’ wrists, yanking and holding them onto the pillows on either side of his head with an iron grip, all while straddling him firmly. Dean moved his face down very close to Cas’. “I’m sensitive, there’s a difference.” His voice was a low rumble.
“The car’s ready for you, everything in the boot as requested. Just leave it at that car park we talked about, someone will look after it from there.”
Cas shoved him back into the opposite wall. They wrestled and managed to point both guns at Gabriel by accident. Gabe whipped out his gun with a shout, pointing right back at them. Startled, Cas manoeuvred their hands to the opposite side, away from Gabriel, but this allowed Dean the upper hand. One gun skittered to the other side of the room. Dean shoved a disarmed Cas away, pointing the last gun at him. Cas threw his hands up in defeat, showing him holding the magazine from Dean’s gun, popping the bullets out one by one with his thumb, scattering them across the floor. “Whoah whoa whoa, we can talk about this!”
"That's right! Shut that computer, it's Christmas time!" She removed his tie, replacing it with the loudest, most-garish Christmas one she had been able to find. It played music and had bells and everything. Dean didn't even try and protest. He needed his fingers. She then put his wrapped gift for Cas into his hands and proceeded to drag him out to the party by the tie, all dignity gone.
Cas didn’t even look at him, replacing his guns and weapons about himself. “You’re a fugitive. Fugitives wear restraints.”
Dean knelt down, chin on the blanket, looking Cas in the eyes, giving his best puppy dog stare and pout. He stroked Cas’ intertwined fingers with his free hand. “Will you wait for me, Cas? Even though I don’t actually know how long my sentence is….. But Gabriel should be able to tell you that.”
Charlie leveled him with an unblinking gaze as she let his arm drop, shook the hat and held it out. "You're playing Winchester. And you're going to get your person a fabulous gift."
Cas could feel a hand on his face as he jolted awake with a start. That really was not the best thing to do as his head was immediately swimming. He held his hands up to each temple to try and stop the spinning, but hissed with pain as he hit off the burns. He tried to open his eyes but it was too bright, so he pulled off the cloth from his forehead to put over them instead, batting away the hand tugging on it.
“Oh, sorry, fiancé? Husband? You boys are so unbelievably cute together, feeding each other, holding hands. I love love. I could just watch you all day.” She looked to Dean, Cas followed her eyes. Dean’s cheeks were stuffed full like a chipmunk. He happily waved over to them with his spoon.
With many noises of assent, Dean led the way into the next room. Sam and Charlie hung back at the door as they tried to fix a piece of Jess’ costume. Dean looked about the place, turning back to Cas when he didn’t see anything of danger. Then, out of the corner of his eye, he saw a figure creeping up, making to scare Cas from behind. Dean set his jaw, waited until the figure was in the right position, before yanking Cas out of the way and punching Cole square in the face with his free hand. Cas gasped once he realised what had happened.
Cas gave a little chuckle, nodding. “Of course I’ll wait, Dean. You’re more than worth it. If these last few days have taught me anything, it’s that you’re a good man.” Cas cupped Dean’s face and shook softly to emphasise his point. “Infuriating as fuck sometimes, but essentially good. Deep, deep down.” Dean sniggered, closing his eyes as he snuggled into Cas’ hand.
“I was kidnapped when I was seven. By a serial killer pedophile. It sounds way more dramatic than it was. The FBI had been closing in on him for a while, I just had the luck to be the last child he took before they caught him. He had me for two days in his creepy house. Not enough time for him to do anything very bad to me, as he had a process he liked to follow, but more than enough time to torture me. I was free to roam the house but everything was bolted and very dark, and that basement…… I couldn’t get out. He liked to chase me, jump out at me, sometimes dressed as a clown, he called it playing. Lots of therapy and repressing memories have helped, but some things are buried deep deep down, and come up unexpectedly. I was very stupid to come in here alone.”
“Yes, I’ve extracted my client from 27 Saint George Street. Clean up is required. The 7th floor north stairwell, I’ve left a French national employed by the Terée crime syndicate.” Cas remembered shoving the guy against the wall, holding him in a choke hold from behind until he passed out. He had dismantled the gun, tossed it down the stairs, and cable tied his hands together.
“Stop it.” Dean wrapped an arm around Cas’ shoulders, starting them walking after the others. “Now now, the night's not over yet, Cas. I want to get to know you a little better. That OK?” Cas nodded, hugging his gift bag to his chest.
Dean bent over with laughter as he got in. Cas slammed his door, disgusted. It didn’t help his mood when all the glass shards showered over him. “Jesus fucking Christ.” He brushed off what he could.
Dean ran as well as he could down a street towards an intersection, Alastair giving close chase in a car behind him. Alastair shoved a full magazine into his semi-automatic gun, looking up in time to see Dean just make it between two trams that crossed their path. Their car screeched to a halt. The trams passed quickly, but when they did, there was no sign of Dean on the other side.
“Oh you mean the guy you snatched in the bush and the two you left knocked out in the park? Like I said, I appreciate you.”
“Tell me something, the day you and Gabriel took that picture I saw in your place, what kind of things would you have done for him to make him happy?”
The guys eyes filled up with tears almost on command. “Oh shit, shit, don’t, it’s ok! Garth can’t have scared you that bad.” Dean tried to reassure him. The guy shook his head, sitting up, letting his head flop back against the wall with a dull thud. If Dean took a second to admire the gorgeous long neck and stare at the swallowing Adam’s apple, that was no one’s business but his own. “No, it’s not only that, it’s just…..everything.”
“Fuck! I could get used to hearing that, Cas. I think I like hearing you beg. But, there’s been something I’ve been wanting to do to you for years. May I?”
Meanwhile, Dean entered his room to find his own costume. Indiana Jones, complete with hat, satchel and whip. Dean giggled to himself. Trust Sam to find such a good quality costume, the nerd. Not that Dean was averse to Indy, he had had quite a crush on Ford when he was younger, leading to many happy endings, wink wink. Knowing his brother as well as he did, Dean was just thankful that it wasn't a dress! Or a female slutty whatever. Since Sam had made a point of saying he would like Cas', he couldn't stop thinking about what Cas would be wearing….. He just hoped Sam wouldn't be cruel and have him in a dress either! Dean dressed with gusto, he couldn't wait to see.
Elsewhere in Coventry, Jody’s team were frantically trying to pin down Gabriel and Dean’s whereabouts. She was on the phone to Zach as he checked in from the airport, asking, “Where are you?”
“His— what??” Sam almost managed to keep a straight face. Almost. But his breakdown was spectacular. The grumpy faced officials banged the cell door behind them as Sam rolled around on the ground, absolutely howling with unrestrained laughter.
“The court’s deadline is at 5pm Friday. Although you can testify whenever you get there, that gives us a maximum of three days to covertly transport you overland from Manchester to the Netherlands.” Jody stepped right up to Dean’s face. “That’s not that much time, given the danger, and the need for covert travel. If you want to help your brother, you should get moving.”
Cas nodded again, still looking a bit shell shocked, but turned to his tray. He took a sip of the steaming tea, humming as it soothed his throat.
“This is what happens when you mess with a perfectly laid plan!” Cas pulled his gun out, waiting for his opportunity.
With his right hand now free, Dean wrapped it around Cas’ upturned shoulder gently, spreading his fingers between Cas’ shoulder blades, moving his left hand up to card through Cas’ hair as he pressed a soft kiss to Cas’ forehead. Cas moved slightly, then settled down again with a deep happy sigh. His head burrowed deeper into Dean’s chest before stilling. His breath evened out as Dean’s chest swelled. He tightened both arms to hug Cas protectively close. Fuck, this was so nice. Dean was still smiling when sleep took him once more.
About 7pm, Charlie knocked on his door. He waved her in. There was concern in her eyes. "Haven't seen you much over the day, Boss. All ok?"
Gabriel fired his gun. Dean was momentarily startled until he heard a body drop behind him. He looked over his shoulder with one eyebrow raised, taking in the sight of a rogue attacker with a hole in his forehead.
"That's the same as asking me my age. Not a very gentlemanly thing to do. I won't be dignifying that with an answer." She swept out before them.
Rasputin walked slowly up to Cas, squatting down to look him directly in the eye as he put his hands in his pockets. He spoke in heavily accented English. “I ask you one time. Where is Dean Winchester?”
The sniper sitting at the open back door immediately got shot through the heart. The pilot turned to stare at him in shock. The sniper flopped back, finger stuck on the trigger, shooting the pilot multiple times as he keeled over. Chuck watched with the ultimate expression of disbelief as the helicopter careened into the back section of the roof to explode in a fireball.
Chuck continued calmly, as he stood. “I could have you executed for treason, but another would simply stand a little bit higher on your corpse.” Garth’s wife sobbed as she clutched her boy to her. He looked eight, at the very most.
Dean stared at him incredulously, tears dripping from his eyes. He looked down to see a security guard pressing padded gauze firmly into Cas’ side.
Cas looked at the bag before meeting his eyes. His smile was wide, so wide his eyes got those little crinkles at the side that Dean loved so much. Damn he could get lost in those eyes, still so so blue despite his new found humanity. How could they be so blue? If they looked this good now with his beautiful smile, how would they look in the throngs of ecstasy.... Huh? Cas had said something and Dean had actually jumped as he came back to reality. Cas was still looking at him like he was the only person in the world.
Cas moved to straddle Dean’s stomach instead, giving him easy access. Dean took his time, lubing up and pushing two fingers in alongside Cas’, curling them to search for his prostate, scissoring them to work Cas open on every plunge. Dean made sure to tease along Cas’ stretched rim with his thumb to make it extra good for him. Cas’ back arched with the full sensation of so many fingers. He reached down to pinch Dean’s nipples, rubbing along any bit of skin he could reach.
“Nope. Dean Winchester.” Dean stepped back to allow Cas into the house. “Well, there are no words. I am amazing.”
“Ma’am, this place is like a war zone. We’ve got bodies everywhere. Our unit’s compromised, everyone’s down.” He turned to another agent, pointing behind them. “Have those guys ID’d.” The man ran off.
Fuck, today was gonna suck no matter what way he sliced it. Trying to push his swirling emotions aside, Cas stood, nodding at himself in the mirror, mind made up. Dean was no heartless killer, and Cas liked him back. Very much. But they had to get through this day first.
Cas nodded to him. “Thank you!” He slowly bent down, picked up the gun, and lined up his shot on Alastair’s back without looking. He shot him three times. None of the bullets came out the other side. Front facing body armour, amateur. Cas left go of the chain, Alastair dropping heavily to the ground. Cas tossed the gun behind him, doubling over in pain and collapsing onto the ground on his hands and knees. He was panting deeply, chest heaving, arms shaking.
Dean turned to look at him in disbelief as another song began loudly. Cas stared at him with a confused head tilt that was utterly adorable. Dean leaned in to his ear. “Holy shit,
Cas stared at himself critically in the bathroom mirror, checking his clean shaven face and untameable hair. Why would it never cooperate? He didn’t have time for this shit, so he simply scrubbed through his locks, letting them do their own thing. He finished buttoning up his shirt, marvelling at his now clear head. Whatever the hell Rowena had done, he felt miles better.
The awful feeling of free fall was gone abruptly, as Dean caught him soundly in his arms with a huff. Cas had face smashed into Dean’s chest, and what a chest it was. Along with those biceps of steel, he wasn’t falling anywhere. He felt firm and secure. He steadied his breathing, as Dean relaxed his arms gently, allowing Cas to pull back and look at him. Those stunning green eyes up close would be the death of him. Fuck, Dean smelled good.
Cas was hurting so much that he closed off his own face as Gabriel spoke. Cas swallowed before speaking. “Good.”
Outside, Cas was fuming and muttering. He banged the door behind him and looked along the street. He spied a street vendor that had set up shop at the corner, selling from the side of his small van. The seats along the street were filled with his patrons. Cas made for there, stalking down the road, screaming one last “FUCK!” out into the universe.
“The red notice stays on them both. You, however, can go. But I’m placing you on leave. You will surrender your weapon and credentials.” Gabriel met Zach’s eyes, who gave a little shrug. It could have been worse. Gabriel sat back in his seat, utterly disgusted, huffing in frustration.
Afterwards, the now-still clown was bent over with mirth, and had to remove his mask to breathe. “Ketch! You absolute dick,” Dean growled, already looking quite menacing even with Sam’s arms stuck around his neck. Sam’s scowl was also growing by the second. Ketch took in the scene of two very angry Winchesters, and wisely fled behind a locked door.
“I got this!” There was a brief lull in shooting, Cas stood up to fire, but dropped down again immediately when several rounds were fired back at him on sight. “There’s more than one.” Cas admitted sheepishly.
The helicopter swept past Buckingham Palace. “Clear roads all the way, Chief. Just like you predicted.”
Cas drove out onto the road. Dean finally stopped laughing long enough to breathe. “You definitely said
Sam rocked an impressive bitch face, shook his head and turned to Cas. He was sporting a new scarf and gloves. "Do some shopping of your own Cas? That scarf suits you."
Dean swallowed, eyeing Cas up. “All right, all right.” Dean filled his spoon with pie and ice cream, holding it out to Cas.
Sensing it was time to head back, the bags were gathered and they stepped out of the coffee shop. The night was falling with a definite wintery nip in the air, their breaths steamed before them. Cas shuddered in his coat. It was new and warmer than his trench coat, but it still wasn't enough when he only had a t-shirt underneath. He paused, set down the bags with a huff while he rubbed his hands together and blew hot air between them. Dean did his best to hide his shy smile as he took out a small bag and held it towards Cas with a loud clearing of his throat.
A crowd gathered around the car, several Belarusians checking for themselves to make sure it was really Chuck and that he was really dead. Sounds of celebration broke out across the square.
Cas did as he was bid. Charlie adjusted her settings just right to catch a stunning portrait of Cas, his blue eyes popping wonderfully. Charlie giggled, looking at the end result. “Oh Cas, you don’t have a bad bone in your body, do you? They look more crazy eyes than evil, but still, you looking fine, if I do say so my own damn self. Oooh, Jess, come on, let’s do awkward prom. I’ll be the guy.” They posed expectantly. “Come on boys, who’s gonna join?”
Cas discreetly looked behind himself on both sides, making sure the guy was indeed looking at him. When he glanced back, the man was laughing slightly, nodding at him, giving him one finger gun and a wink. Cas gave a shy smile in disbelief. The guy made an ‘oooh’ face, licking his lips. Cas rubbed the back of his neck nervously, briefly looking about again to truly make sure this was actually happening.
Dean startled, glancing back up to Cas’ eyes. He flushed guiltily, having been caught blatantly checking him out. Dean cleared his throat.
Cas sat at the table. Why was Cas so nervous? This dragging out was killing Dean. Yes Cas, just open the damn thing already.
“Cas, I just want to apologise for laughing about popping Kurasawa. I know now that that whole shit cost you your brother, your business, your whole life… I didn’t even see you there that day, you must have been hired late. I never ever wanted to hurt you. I didn’t know that it was specifically the killing of Kurasawa that did all that to you. I never put two and two together. Just thought you’d had some bad luck.” He went to move away, but Cas grabbed his hand, holding it to his cheek. Dean gasped.
Cas slided into his room and warily eyed the costume that was carefully laid out across his bed. He picked it up and thought it looked like the clothes Dean had worn when Cas had sent him back after the Phoenix. He was not looking forward to wearing a blanket for the evening, but Sam had said that Dean would like it, and Sam looked so much better than he had in weeks that he was willing to do anything to keep him so happy. He hurriedly began to dress.
“Well, they did, and now they’re dead. Must have been traffic cameras again? Or CCTV? We did stop at another more modern gas station.”
“Well, actually, yeah I am. We’ll call you back.” Dean pocketed the phone, dodging the workmen who were repaving along that side of the embankment. He flicked his eyes to the rear view mirror, disgusted that all the other cars had dropped down safely too. He set his jaw and shifted gears.
Metatron cut in immediately. “How can you allow Dean Winchester’s testimony? A hired killer, being given a sweetheart deal? A man like that will say anything to save himself.”
In response, Cas instantly grabbed his face, pulling Dean down for their first kiss. Dean gave a startled sound, so caught off guard that he almost fell over. But he quickly got with the program, wrapping his arms around Cas, pressing him firmly into the wall. They explored each other thoroughly, both groaning when Dean’s probing tongue licked into Cas’ mouth. Eventually, they pulled back slightly, gazing at each other breathlessly. “Fuck, Cas, that was worth the wait.”
As he sent it, he noticed the unending sound of liquid wasn’t stopping. He peered into the rear view mirror but couldn’t see anything. Cas undid his seat belt quickly and hopped out of the car, eyes darting all around in the oppressive darkness. He saw the open flask on the car roof spilling liquid onto the ground. Cas’ breathing quickened as he looked about wildly for his charge.
Once inside, while stomping the snow off of their shoes, Charlie announced, "Right, I'll get the usuals in. And we are going to go and see Moana, I don't care what you have on, it's happening." She whirled around dramatically.
Dean rubbed the wheel of the Mercedes happily. It had been way too long since he’d been able to drive something. He didn’t even mind that it wasn’t his Baby. They pulled out of the garage, eased onto the main road, and they were away.
“My excellent attorney was so hoping for the legitimacy of a formal acquittal, but that is now no longer possible. Thank you, Dean.”
Dean frowned as he heard and felt Cas’ deep rumbling laughter. He whipped his head up to a happy Cas, trying to stop laughing. Dean cocked his head in confusion, while Cas ran a hand through Dean’s hair. Between chuckles, Cas managed, “You’re one of the deadliest men in the world, feared everywhere, and you’re ticklish???”
“Huh. Is that right? How’s that nose of yours doing?” This earned him a glare, but Dean spotted Gabriel’s smirk before Gabriel could look away.
Alastair kept shooting at the Interpol vehicles, causing one of them to crash into the water on a bend in the canal. It crashed so close to Dean’s boat that he momentarily crouched down.
“Okay.” Cas did as he was told and settled back. He looked around slightly, making out a dim bedroom. Dean had merely turned the light away so it wasn’t completely dark. Cas’ eyebrow twitched slightly of its own accord. Fucking electricity. He looked back to Dean, who had returned the cold cloth to Cas’ brow, resuming his stroking of Cas’ cheek softly, smiling at him. Dean was sitting in a chair by the bed, where Cas was propped up with several pillows. Cas stared back at him in wonder, a soft smile of his own on his lips.
Several UN peacekeepers kept the peace outside the courtroom, staring at each other uneasily, while inside, tensions were running high. Jody looked beyond pissed as she eyed the clock, Gabriel nervously bit his nails, while Zach looked almost pleased.
A few floors below that, Dean hobbled down the holding cell corridor, gun in front, frowning at the bodies of the two soldiers. Dean set his jaw, and carried on after Chuck’s bloody footprints, ascending the stairs as quickly as he could manage.
Alastair phoned Chuck as he and his goons set their remaining vehicle on fire in the warehouse district of Amsterdam. “We have Winchester’s travelling companion.”
Cas got out and tried to pick it up, but then waved it off instead, approaching the commander slowly. Dean’s door was now jammed fast. He climbed out of the drivers door window, giving a little yelp of pain when he landed, just about upright. “Thanks for the help, guys. Really.” Dean hopped on the spot, eyeing the soldiers with an epic bitch face.
Cas looked through the spy hole and opened the door quietly, wordlessly taking the proffered basket and bag. He nodded to the owner and shook his hand in thanks, checked his watch and held up one finger. He then closed the door. Cas came back into the room, putting everything on the table, briefly checking behind the curtain, noticing the setting sun. He hadn’t gotten this much sleep in a long time, he felt almost normal.
"Geez CHARLIE!!!! Do I need to put a bell on you or something, you nearly gave me a freaking heart attack!" Dean bellowed, much to Charlie's amusement.
Dean had gotten a long way down the street causing Alastair and Interpol to run back for their vehicles instead.
Cas rolled his eyes and obliged, walking in first. A string of curses erupted from Dean as he walked through and straight into Cas' back.
Cas looked at him with an adorable head tilt of confusion. He took Dean’s hand who heaved him up as if he weighed nothing. “But….why? You don’t know me.”
Cas turned and opened the weapons display sitting behind the framed picture on the wall nearby. Cas selected and holstered his favourite guns (leaving the throwing stars for another day), then finished up his coffee. He pulled on his suit jacket, collected his phone and keys. He ruffed Gabe’s hair fondly as he passed, although the smaller man was still dead to the world. Cas slipped into his Jaguar, buckled up, and sighed happily. He smiled to himself in the mirror, putting on his sunglasses and his earpiece. Life was good.
Gabriel set his jaw. “Official channels had been compromised. What did you expect me to do? Clearly, our office security has been breached.”
"We are designated helpers, Winchester. With the amount of new staff we have now due to our successful year, I have carefully been cultivating and nurturing close relationships with our new hires in order to know optimal gifts. Now who have you??" she squealed.
Dean groggily came to, head back on the armchair, staring up at the blood bag. He righted his head to see Cas bare chested, one arm in a clean shirt, distracted by his phone in the other hand. Dean didn’t move, eyes roving up and down Cas’ firm chest and abdomen, smiling slightly at Cas’ adorable frown, perfectly tousled hair, bulging biceps. Even his facial scruff and hint of chest hair were sexy. Cas licked his lips, with Dean following every minute movement.
He opened his eyes and smiled wide at what he could see in the dim light. Dean was now flat on his back, with Cas stretched out on top of him. Cas had his face buried in the centre of Dean’s chest, cheek to skin, right over his heart. He had managed to worm his right hand under Dean’s neck, the other clutching the back of Dean’s right shoulder, curling up from underneath, while hugging him soundly. How the hell was he holding Dean so tightly when he was sound asleep? Their legs were tangled together, with nothing pressing into Dean’s wound, thankfully. Cas’ breath ghosted along Dean’s bare chest in a delicious way. Dean’s left hand held Cas’ lower shoulder. Dean snorted softly when he noticed Cas was wearing a t-shirt and pyjama pants, the dork. And how the hell was his hair already so messy?
Decision made, he pocketed the fake teeth, ripped up one ticket, joined the queue and hopelessly tried to not dwell on all of his dating failures. He wondered what the hell was wrong with him. Because it had to be him, right? He was the common denominator who had been stood up so many times. Each time had hurt just a little bit more. By now, it was positively gut-wrenching. Why would people agree to dates and then just not show up? Never mind sex, Cas just wanted to be with someone, have someone to come home to, to wake up with, to hold, to spoil. Evidently, this was too much to ask. He ignored all of the happy people in groups in the queue, pulling his cape around him in loneliness, completely missing the look of concern from a leather clad man a few steps behind him.
When he guiltily rubbed the back of his neck, she got up, took his coat and held it out ready for his arms. "Come on. And I do mean right now."
After a short while, Cas pulled off the main road into a service station with a diner attached. Cas swept his eyes around the area, taking note of cameras, angles, exits. Satisfied, he parked as far away from the building as possible, and angled the car to hide the broken window. Cas then leaned over and took off Dean’s handcuffs. “Don’t run.” He looked Dean dead in the face, making sure he had his full attention. “I will catch you.”
The picture of them in the clown room was priceless. Jess and Charlie were clung to each other in the background, mouths wide open. A clearly terrified Sam had just gotten into Dean’s arms. One of Dean’s legs was stretched out to the side in his effort to keep them upright, a very surprised look on his face. It caught the moment right before Cas had ducked behind Dean, cape billowing as he was recoiling in utter fright.
Once he felt Dean still, he gently pulled back to see Dean’s face properly. He cradled Dean’s cheek, wiping underneath one wet eye with his thumb, looking between Dean’s watery emeralds. Dean sniffed and wiped the other, breathing deeply as he gazed into Cas’ eyes.
"All right, all right." He stuck his hand in and had a good rummage around. Geez, how many people were actually working here??
All four helped Cas from the hospital on the day of his discharge, Cas glaring at Gabriel when he managed to somehow get his wheelchair up in a wheelie. Cas and Sam got on very well, feeling like they already knew each other. Sam especially felt this way, after hearing about Cas for several years. They all went back to the UK, where Dean was now in prison.
“I must say, you’re really missing out, Cas, cos my driving is—“ Dean followed with a chefs kiss, grinning back at Cas. Nothing. Not even a blink. “Okay…….”
There was a massive explosion from the basement of the building. Cas looked over with a disinterested expression. He held open the back car door for Crowley.
Cas couldn’t contain his mocking voice. “That’s really beautiful, man. Do you ever just write stuff down, like maybe a haiku or two?”
The slide one was beautiful chaos. Mercifully, they were all in frame, at different levels, but all looked elated and happy, mid-water sprinkle. As Sam, Jess, Charlie and Cas were laughing at their facial expressions on screen, Dean had a quiet word with the sales person. He leaned back on the counter, watching his friends happily. He was glad to see that Cas had come out of his misery bubble. He was very very handsome, especially when he smiled. How anyone could stand him up for a date was beyond Dean. The dude was drop dead gorgeous. He could overhear them talking about the university, figuring Cas must go there too. He looked about their age. Dean could only marvel in awe at what Cas had overcome in his life.
Dean stood up quickly, holding out a hand. “Come on Lestat, you’re coming with us. We’ll get you through it. And I’ll get a smile out of you before the night is over, I guarantee it. I’m Dean.” The other three had witnessed some of the exchange, waving on the next group to bypass them, shielding Cas from their prying eyes.
“I had to check you over for injuries, Cas. Nice ink by the way. Bit disappointed at the underwear though, I gotta say.”
Cas closed his eyes and sighed, trying to ignore the loud thump of what passed for music in this place. Why had he allowed himself to be talked into this shit.
Cas clutched Dean’s wrist again, sitting up slightly. “I saved you. I did my job, now you go do yours. Go get that motherfucker. Finish this.” Cas fell back, writhing in agony.
Cas piped up in a tired sounding voice, “A loose helmet is like wearing no helmet at all.” The goons stared at him, then at each other. “It’s not a button strap, it’s a D-ring. Just unthread it through the thing, it’s very simple.”
Cas thought on the man himself. Dean loved to laugh, didn’t try to run once he promised he wouldn’t (a few errands aside), deeply loved his little brother and his team. Rowena clearly adored him too, sheltering them both at a moment’s notice, helping him locate Cas. People didn’t treat him like a cold blooded killer. He had a big heart, loved to sing, was charming, and looked after those he loved.
Dean sat up, noticing the red blood stain along the side of his shirt. “What the fuck?!” He poked at himself, but the blood wasn’t his. His face paled as he turned to Cas with an awful realisation. Cas clutched his side, his shirt growing redder by the second.
A look of disgust passed across Cas’ face. He did not turn around. “Let’s just focus on you dying of natural causes, shall we?”
“Triple A. Yeah, it sounds like you ought to be selling life insurance or fixing my transmission with that shit.”
Cars came up behind Dean, already shooting at them both. Cas took off like a jackrabbit in one direction, Dean reversed and drove off in the other.
“Yeah. By the way, you are by far the very best thing in my life, and I want you back in it. You’re the best big brother anyone could ever want. And I am sorry. For everything.” Cas couldn’t meet Gabriel’s eyes as he stepped back to lean against the wall to watch the proceedings. Gabriel shot his brother a small smile before resuming his seat, two rows above Jody and Zach.
“This is why you cannot plan everything down to the last detail, Cas. Life happens. And hey, aren’t you gonna take this gun?”
Dean stood with a smile, palming his own crotch for some relief. He grabbed Cas by the hips again, exchanging their places so that Dean was now in front of the door. He dropped his pants just enough, licking his palm, stroking himself as Cas watched with a hilariously dropped jaw.
"Yes Dean, it's just this gift was so thoughtful. I have never received a present before. I still find emotions a little tricky. I'm sorry." Cas cast his eyes downwards almost in shame.
“Thank you.” Cas took his full cup gratefully, taking a deep drink, not giving one shit about the temperature. Dean launched into his plate with gusto, moaning on nearly every mouthful. He held up a piece of bacon to Cas, nodding approvingly. “You have to try this. Cas!”
Cas pulled Dean flush against him, feeling up under his t-shirt to play with his nipples. Dean rested his head back against Cas’ shoulder, looking at him with such an expression of need that Cas couldn’t deny him anything. Dean’s fingers white knuckled like claws on the door as Cas began fucking into him with a brutal pace. Dean used the door as leverage to push back against Cas as hard as he could. Cas thrust into him with such power, that Dean was forced up on one foot. “Fuck, Cas. You’re so big!” He turned his head to kiss Cas thoroughly, pressing his tongue into his lips as deep as he could. He curled his arm around Cas’ head, grabbing his hair for dear life. Cas growled, changing the angle by lifting Dean’s aloft knee up further, holding it in place. Dean bucked as the new angle caused him to get Dean’s prostate full on. Dean had to break away, unable to keep from gasping and moaning, but still looking at Cas like the snack he was, urging Cas to go harder with a whimper. Dean keened to himself, enjoying one of the most satisfying fucks of his life.
A spotlight turned on to reveal a killer clown in a creepy costume and a realistic IT mask rushing at them with a roar, brandishing a knife. A lot happened all at once. The two girls clung to each other, shrieking. A screaming Sam leapt back into Dean’s arms, full Scooby Doo style. In Dean’s rush to catch the flailing Sam, he had to let go of Cas, who shrunk behind Dean, burying his face between his shoulder blades, bringing his arms around to Dean’s front, clinging to him. And at one point, there was a bright flash to signal that their photo had been taken.
Cas was barely paying attention to him, putting his ear buds in, as he fiddled with his phone. “Well, boring is always best.” He said absently.
Dean’s eyes roved over Cas’ features, his nostrils flaring slightly with anger when he saw the prominent burn marks at each temple. “Time to go, Cas. I know a safe place where we can get you fixed right up.”
Without breaking the kiss, Dean slid his fingers under Cas’ shirt, teasing the sensitive skin as he curled around and began undoing every button up along it incredibly slowly. When he undid the last, his fingers tickled along Cas’ nipples, along his pecs, skirted his collar bones before resting back at his nipples again. Cas broke off with a low moan, gasping at the touch. Dean grinned, leaning in to Cas’ ear, groaning before he could speak as Cas ran his fingers through his hair while rutting against him unashamedly. At last, Dean pulled his lips away from Cas’ neck to whisper, “Hope you don’t mind topping, Angel.” Cas nodded furiously.
Sam had been decorating the library all afternoon. He didn't forget the back corner that contained the TV, couch and his recliner. Dean and Cas normally sat together on the couch, another subtle sign he had kicked himself for not picking up on sooner, but it was here that he hoped the magic would happen, so it got extra decorated.
After two rounds, Dean's eye was drawn to the opening door. A guy walked in, bundled up with a hat against the cold. He was after disappearing so far into his scarf that only eyes were visible, but what eyes!! Even from this distance he could see their electric blueness. The guy looked athletic, not built, but he could very well be hiding some lean muscles under all those clothes. By this time he had unwrapped the scarf from his face and removed his cap. His pale face and black hair were probably adding to the impact of his eyes, but damn he was gorgeous! He couldn't ever remember being stopped dead by seeing a person like that. He took his breath away.
“I got you!” Dean jumped awake, staring wildly about him. His face had been pressed into the window.
Cas moved quickly, man handling Dean until he was the one lying on the bed, a startled expression on his perfect features. Cas straddled his hips, leaning down to his ear, licking up along it. “Then allow me. And just remember, you haven’t seen me on a bike completely clad in black leather. Hhhhmmm, maybe for your birthday.”
“It’s a Dutch prison, Dean. What are they gonna do, beat me with a clog? Besides, I’m in solitary anyways. Catching up on my reading.”
“Family, baby. Good old familial bonds. See, I’m doing this job in Geneva, right? Some dude washed the wrong dude’s money, I get the job. So, I’m there, drowning this guy in a bathtub and I get a call. Brother’s been in a car accident, a bad one. So, Geneva dude gets a pass, I jet to Mexico City where Sammy was on a business trip. I go straight to the hospital, and up in Sammy’s supposed room, two dozen agents waiting for me.”
Dean kept unblinking eye contact, slowly getting up with a serious face, making for Cas with grabby hands. Cas yelped, darting into the bathroom, locking the door behind him.
“Obviously your Honour, this has devolved into a complete waste of my client’s time. The prosecution has no witness to present.”
Dean noticed her name tag. “Pig in a poke, please, Diane. With all the fixin’s. Black coffee. And then whatever pie you have.”
“You’ll find two more in the south stairwell.” Cas had beaten them senseless and tied them together to the stairwell bannister.
Cas was thankful Dean was distracted from his blush by Diane placing the hot apple pie right in front of him. It looked very inviting, a generous dollop of ice cream already melting next to it. She put two spoons on the table between them. She locked eyes with Dean, and winked before moving away.
The back door burst open with shouts, as Garth’s wife and son were dragged into the room. The two guards quickly grabbed Garth’s arms, holding him in place as he tried to spring up from the table.
Dean hadn’t been paying the best attention to the road with his eavesdropping. He accidentally crashed head first into a low road sign with a concrete base. The car stopped dead. Cas smashed right through the windshield, leaving a massive hole in the passenger side. He smoothly went with the fall, landing and rolling over on his shoulder to stand upright, briefly flailing his arms to catch his balance. He was perfectly fine, save for a few glass cuts along his forehead. He held his arms out and looked down at himself in disbelief, patting everywhere to make sure. He looked up to Dean, yelling loudly, “JESUS CHRIST! REALLY?” His eyes looked a little crazed.
Gabriel whistled low, and both looked to see the shit eating grin on his face. They each cocked an intimidating eyebrow at him, but Gabriel simply held up both hands in surrender. “You two wholeheartedly have my blessing.” Gabriel brought his hands together like a prayer. “Namaste.”
The more Cas pondered, the more he decided that out of everything he’d learned about Dean, nothing pointed to him being a heartless killer, despite his profession. And he had come back to save Cas when he didn’t have to. That was huge. Dean had looked after him well since then. He claimed to like Cas when he didn’t have to. He had been incredibly gentle with Castiel, always. As far as Cas could tell, Dean had never once lied to him, or been untruthful in any way. He didn’t mind holding him in his sleep. Cas felt safe around him. He trusted Dean. He believed him.
“Whoa! That’s responsive.” Cas sat back, shaking his head clear. Dean took out his gun and silencer with an unamused expression. He shot Cas’ bag and then his one, leaning on it to deflate it quickly.
Another vehicle came up behind Dean, soldiers leaning and shooting out of three windows. The car next to Dean trapped him up against the sloped embankment wall, trying to flip him over.
“Here, we’re going to load all these into the car, ok…” He indicated the sizeable display of air fresheners. “..and then we’re going to take the car out the front and we’re just gonna burn it.”
Jo picked up only on the second ring, eager as always. “Hey! Hey Dean. Do you need anything? I can come back to your room?”
Dean placed his hands on Cas’ hips, lightly squeezing as he bit his bottom lip and tugged. His heart was racing, his pelvis raising to grind eagerly against Cas and he let out another low groan.
“I’ll pay you when it’s done.” Dean handed him his room key. “I’ve gotta go see if I can figure out this bank situation, but I’ll meet you there.” He got up, putting his hood and sunglasses back on.
“Oh my god. Crowley, are you fucking kidding me? You can’t fire everyone, but keep Meg. She took advantage of Castiel, you know. She’s horrible. I’ll just find a new security company if Meg is gonna be the one in charge.”
Dean pulled his bottom lip between his teeth, biting down as he watched the man seated across from him. “Fuck,” he murmured under his breath.
Cas hoisted himself up and gracefully jumped out the window. It wasn't too high up so he wasn't worried about hurting himself. He dusted himself off and jogged to the end of the block. The streets were still rather barren and luckily Rome's overcast weather had people still sleeping in. No reporters, no cameras, that was good. He hurried back and called out, "coast is clear!"
Cas wanted to blame the alcohol as he slid his finger between Dean’s cheeks and pushed it inside slowly, but he couldn't. He was sober, but fucked up on lust. What had Dean done to him? He moved his finger slowly still before pushing in a second, moving to kneel behind Dean as he slapped his ass with his free hand, scissoring him open. As he slid in a third, he leaned over Dean and bit along his shoulder blade, kissing along the skin.
And then he felt the kisses, and his head started to spin. He wanted to roll over and grab Cas and kiss him senseless, feel the heat of his lips against his own, but he was in the process of getting fucked, and that was the point of this, wasn’t it? Not to get closer to Cas. Just to get off.
They had been out all night. Cas toppled off Dean, scrambling to pull his clothes on  “Dean-" Cas hissed.
“I’ll take that as a yes.” Dean grinned. It was fun getting under his skin. He set his empty plate back on the cart once he was finished eating and leaned back against the headboard to focus on the movie.
“Don’t have to tell me twice.” He leaned forward and gently cupped Cas’ face, kissing him deeply in a way that said everything words couldn’t.
Cas dropped them in the trash can as he walked past. Well, at least he used protection. "Tell me." Cas had a slight smirk on his face. Hell, he was getting a slight kick out of this.
“You sound so excited,” Dean murmured, grabbing his coffee off the nightstand and taking a sip. “What would you rather be doing, sleeping? Plotting my murder?” He smirked.
Dean looked down. So it didn’t matter what his job was. Cas didn’t want to be with him anymore, didn’t have any interest in pursuing this further and he had to accept that. But he had to get this off his chest before it drove him mad.
"Of course Dean, anything," she replied with a soft smile, letting out a pleased sigh of contentment.
He spotted Cas sitting in one of the booths as he arrived and walked over to join him, removing his hood and sunglasses. “Hey...geez. What happened to you?”
Cas rolled his erect nipple between his thumb and index finger, nice and slow as he massaged it. He slipped his other hand from his hair and used that one to tease his other nipple, grinding his ass a little against the sheets.
"Thank you for the opportunity, Mr. MacLeod." He bobbed his head politely, hoisting his bag up and leaving the room.
“You didn’t put me in danger, Cas. And I wasn’t...using you for pleasure. I...” Dean gritted his teeth. “This is all Jo’s fault. She set us up. She hired someone to install cameras in my room. She wanted you gone because she’s jealous. Don’t let her win.”
“One of your favorites?” Dean raised an eyebrow. “Guess I’ll have to do better then to reach that top spot.” He shifted again. “You gonna let me win, Cas? You gonna come?”
Cas had never laid bare like this in front of anyone before. So naked, so open. He tried not to feel embarrassed at first,  but any kind of thought fell out the window as soon as Dean kissed his skin. It was interesting, and hot, and pleasurable.
Cas became lost in the kiss, desperate to draw out every inch of feeling and emotion to know that he wasn't the only one feeling this way. He slowly pulled away, dizzy and content as he wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders and pulled him close. He had never felt this way before and the words fell out softly before he could stop them. “I love you.”
As they were let into the next booth that came along, despite the frustration of the people they cut in front of, the door was locked securely behind them. It was larger than Cas expected. Spacious, with a small couch in the center of the pod. Cas immediately moved to the railing, glancing around the room.
Dean wanted to just crawl right over and lick and suck Cas’ nipples for him, but he refrained, his breath catching in his throat as he watched them harden. “Mm...is this how you like to touch yourself usually, or is this just a performance for me?”
Cas tried to push it out of his mind and he prayed that when he woke up in the morning, it would just be a dream. He hardly slept. When he noticed the alarm clock click over to 5am, he carefully rolled out of Deans bed, being rather quiet as he grabbed his stuff and made a beeline to the door.
“Okay.” Dean tried to hide the smile on his face. He leaned down to grab the blankets that’d been shoved to the foot of the bed and tugged them up, pulling them over both of them as his head returned to rest on Cas’ chest. This was nice, he had to admit.
Dean stopped after about three shots’ worth. It was enough to give him a pleasant buzz, but not so much that Cas would get upset with him. “See? Isn’t this better already?” He chuckled.
"Wait, you want- with me? Why?" Cas asked incredulously, wondering what kind of evil twisted manipulative shit this was, and what it would be used against him later for. But at that point, he didn't care. He was hard, and desperate enough to fuck anyone, even his boss. He just needed an answer; hell Dean could shrug and he wouldn't care, all he needed was release and the permission to do so.
“Me neither.” Dean bit his lip, reaching for the mousse container. “Switch places with me,” he requested, sitting up a little.
Dean couldn’t help but smile a little, glancing down at their hands. This was extremely weird for him, but not in a bad way. His free hand gently traced lines and shapes into Cas’ chest and he let out a soft sigh.
Cas felt such a flush of doom and worry as he slid out of the limo, his body tense and his heart racing. He stepped into the lobby and just as expected, Crowley's dark eyes fell on him first.
Cas hummed a little, brushing one hand through his hair as he watched Dean traipse back to the bar for some more alcohol. "I'm not carrying you back to the hotel."
"Great. If I'm stuck in here with you for half an hour, I’m going to kill you and then myself." He was being dramatic. It wasn't such a bad thing, he just...wasn't the biggest fan of enclosed spaces.
The second Dean started crying out in pleasure, his name caught between Dean’s teeth, he knew he was finished. He fucked into his ass harder, faster and the second Dean came, he let out a final moan and he joined him, his head dizzy as he filled the condom.
"I apologize. I got caught up in the moment." He murmured, his eyes on Dean as he blinked sleepily. "Yeah, alright. I'm too tired to go back to my room, anyway." Which was half a lie. He also hated sleeping alone, even if all he would have was a warm body within arms reach.
Dean pulled his hands back and leaned down, wrapping his lips around the tip of his cock so he could catch his release.
“Mm. I’d be into that.” Dean smirked a little, grabbing at the waistband and sliding it down. He bit his lip, his thumb gliding over the tip. He licked the palm of his other hand, wrapping it around his cock and slowly moving it up and down.
Cas shifted a little, not expecting Dean’s words. "I-'' It took the usually articulate male a second to finish his trail of thought. "We don't have to," he finally managed to say. He hated to admit it out loud, but he would keep inevitably dragging himself back to Dean, whether he wanted to or not.
Cas was picking at some breakfast food, lost in a daze when he heard Dean's voice. It took him a second to realize, registering what was said to him. "Lost my job, my career and apparently my self respect and worth so..." he muttered, rolling the mug over his palm. "Got really fucking wasted and did some shit im not proud of."
“Oh, gross...come on.” Dean gagged. “You sure they’re not gonna kill me?” He all but leapt into Cas’ arms like a frightened cartoon character.
"Look, Jo was right. I would just rather go home. I'm sure they will find you a good replacement," he answered, avoiding Dean’s gaze.
Jo went back to her room, crying mostly out of guilt and heartbreak. She knew she’d fucked up badly.
Cas loved Dean's newer song the most. It felt more...him. Genuine and open, and seemingly the crowd loved it. And it was good to see Dean in brighter spirits than when he first got on stage. He had been so tense and short, very professional but now he was back to the way he usually was when he performed. Careless and happy. Cas sent Dean another  message.
"Good boy." He easily switched to Dom mode, a fluid motion as he grabbed Dean's thighs and pulled him down, making a show of handcuffing Dean’s arms to the bed and making sure he could pull them off. He grinned, settling between Dean’s legs. "Do you know how lonely it is to come while someone watches? The torture of the build up with no release?" He smirked, slapping the inside of Dean’s thighs.
The second he climbed back into bed beside her, she scooted close and cuddled up to him, her arm across his chest and her head resting on his shoulder.
Cas knew he was fucked if anyone found out. There wasn't any way Cas could worm himself out of it. And he definitely didn't want to stop. He wanted to do it again. And again. What the fuck was wrong with him?
“Damn.” Dean whistled as he looked around. He plopped onto the couch, looking out through the glass window. “This would be such a cool place for one of my parties...”
She let out a pleased sigh, gripping at his shoulders and all but holding him hostage there for a moment. "That was amazing, Dean," she breathed out, reluctantly letting him go.
“Well, I agree. You’re not sleeping on my couch.” Dean couldn’t help but laugh again. “This bed is really big, Castiel. Almost...too much for one person by themselves you might say.”
“Look, I uh...know about your crush on me.” He propped his head up a pillow to look at her properly. “And I think you’re beautiful. But you’re so strict and you’ve got all these rules, so I can’t kiss you like I’ve been wanting to.”
"Dean. This is a place for families. Not a drug induced orgy." Cas scoffed, making his way to glance around at the information boards. The pod had started moving slowly as he skimmed the safety procedures and his eyes slowed to the typical time for one loop.
He dragged himself to the bathroom and took a quick shower to get rid of the smell of sex and sprayed some cologne on. He then put on fresh clothes and headed upstairs, knocking on the en suite door.
"Oh! Uh, sure." She nodded, shifting a little as she wandered over and gingerly took a seat on the edge of his bed. "Uh, here?" She asked.
"Eh, the water pressure is fine." He chuckled, taking Dean's hand and peeling himself off the bed. "You have to wait for the warm water to kick in, though."
"I'm glad you found it fun." He smiled a touch, leaning in to press a soft peck to Deans head. "Are you heading back, or staying here tonight?" He asked softly.
“Why, are we not trying to maintain a professional relationship? Cas seems so informal.” Dean smirked, glad Cas had finally obliged.
"I’m okay with that." Cas pressed his chocolate-covered fingers against Dean's lips, pushing them inside his mouth slowly. He took his time, his fingers caressing his tongue and rubbing against the inside of his cheek. He growled, pulling them out slowly and wiping the rest off on the cheap sheets. He then dipped his down, starting off slowly as he licked and sucked the melting chocolate mousse from Dean's smooth chest.
Cas smiled a little, not even bothering to roll his eyes at Dean’s stupid joke as he kept rubbing his back. It was so easy for him, he could just be like, ‘Cas is my new fucktoy.’ But how awful would this look? The hateful stares, the judgement. Getting a job after this would be near impossible if word spread that Cas was a gold-digging unprofessional.
“Mm.” Dean swallowed his release eagerly, then slowly pulled off, looking into his eyes. They were both sticky messes at that point, but he didn’t care; he crawled up on top of Cas and pressed a kiss to his cheek. “You know, I was thinking about doing that to you the whole concert,” he murmured.
Dean licked his lips as he pulled back to make eye contact with Cas once again. He was intoxicating, and the moans he let spill from his lips were almost too much for him to handle. “Now you’re all marked up by me and no one’ll ever know.” He smirked.
Dean rested his head in the crook of her neck, beginning to thrust. He was normally pretty vocal himself in the bedroom, but he kept it to low grunts every now and then and tried to ignore how whiny she sounded when she was crying out.
Dean nodded. “I really want to kiss you right now, like we’re some couple in an action movie about to break for a mission, but we probably don’t have time for that, so…”
“First off, I really did not mean to call you. I didn’t even know I had until I got your voicemail. But uh...guess I deserved it after what I sent you.” He shook his head. “Fuck. She was really hot. Like, blonde, huge tits, probably fake but I don’t care. But my god...she wouldn’t shut up. I had to put my hand on her mouth. She called me old, had a bunch of trashy tattoos. Like one right on her ass that said ‘princess.’ And she only let me do anal because she’s ‘saving herself for marriage’ or some bullshit. And she had a boyfriend apparently. And like, it was fine. I got off. She didn’t because I was just kinda done with her. I dunno.”
“Gotcha.” Dean slowly got up and crawled down Cas’ body, glancing up at him before taking his left leg and moving it out to the side. He lay on his stomach between his legs, finding the crease where his hip met his thigh and fitting his lips around the skin. He kissed first, then started to suck until a bright red spot appeared.
When Dean finished his little spiel, it took a second for the gears turning over in Cas' head to click and he suddenly felt his blood run cold. Was Dean suggesting...? Surely not. "So, do you want to go to a bar, or....?" Cas took another sip of his beer, eyes on the TV. He swallowed, feeling his heart race a little. This was stupid. Dean was just another guy.
“Fair enough.” Dean picked up the key card off the desk and slid it into his pocket, opening the door and heading to the elevators. “Figured it’d be nice to have a look around today. See London.”
Dean stepped up onto the toilet lid very carefully, his legs wobbling slightly as he climbed up onto the window, sitting on the edge and not so gracefully sliding down once he’d gotten the okay. He winced, looking behind himself to make sure he hadn’t ruined his suit at all. “Shit. I feel like Spider-Man.”
“Oh, that Ferris wheel thing? Great idea!” Dean didn’t really consider being trapped in a small box with Cas for a few minutes, but it was probably way worse for Cas than it was for him.
Dean let out a soft sigh. “I probably should head back, but I really don’t want to. Besides, what’re they gonna do, fire the security guard who let me escape? That’d be Meg.”
Dean shut the door behind them, shrouding the room in complete darkness. He stripped to his underwear and felt his way around for the bed before climbing into it and waiting for Cas.
“So...I’ve got the day off, then we’re on a plane to Paris tonight for tomorrow’s concert. What would you think about going shopping today? Jo doesn’t let me go anywhere without security, so you’re kinda stuck with me. Hate to break it to ya.”
Dean laughed, leaning over to kiss his temple. “I fucked Jo. You wanna pretend today never happened?” It wasn’t easy navigating back to the hotel. One of them was extremely hungover and the other was wearing sunglasses in pitch black, but somehow they managed.
“No. This is fucking unacceptable, Crowley.” Dean rose to his feet, pointing at Cas. “Look what you’re doing to him. Who went through his things like that? You wanna talk about fucking unprofessional? Why don’t you take a look at the people you’re hiring. Yeah, maybe Castiel messed up, but I coerced him into it and he was just doing what I asked of him. You fired Jo. But you’re keeping Meg who makes it her mission to piss me off every chance I get and who had sex with him when he was drunk. I refuse to work with her.”
Cas grinned around his fingers, pulling them from his mouth with a soft pop. He tugs Dean to lay down properly, dipping his fingers into the mousse and smearing it over Dean’s chest slowly. "Mm, now that is sexy." he murmured.
She leaned into him, her hands immediately falling his chest as she felt her heart swell and heat flood immediately between her legs. Was this finally it? Would she finally get to sleep with Dean?
Dean nodded, patting his pocket for his phone and looking around in a panic when he couldn’t find it. He dove into the couch, feeling around until he’d grasped it. It had fallen behind the cushion and he sighed a little, quickly calling for a car.
Dean nearly dropped the phone again in surprise. He’d clearly pissed him off with how venomous his words were, but how the hell did Cas know already? He quickly looked around the room, paranoid, then checked his call history. His heart dropped to his stomach. He’d accidentally called Cas...and he’d heard. And now he probably looked like the biggest dick on the planet, even more so than he already was. He groaned and called Cas again.
Cas rolled his eyes. "No wonder she gave you a disapproving look; you eat like a monster.” He chuckled, grabbing his own fries and burger and sitting beside Dean again.
"Mm..." Cas murmured, his fingers tracing along the railing. This place was so new to him and despite the dreary, overcast weather, it was beautiful.
“Shut up!” Dean groaned, grabbing a pillow and chucking it at his head. “Fuck you. I think I’m most upset that she called me old. Do I look old to you?” He sighed. “I can laugh about it. But you can’t. You just look like an asshole. Not every chick can be Lisa, I guess. She takes care of me...” he trailed off.
Dean's pleas had Cas hard and preleaking. He growled again, reluctantly pulling back and reaching for the mousse. He slipped Deans boxers down so he was completely naked and took it upon himself to coat Deans cock in the cool chocolate. He hummed happily at his work, leaning down and kissing the tip, then slowly lapping up the mousse.
“So uh, back to the hotel? I think I’m done with...shopping today. Unless you wanted to get food or something.” Dean’s voice was emotionless and ambivalent.
"Yes, much better." He took a seat on the floor, feeling much more at ease and less annoyed at being stuck in this confined space.
“Jo...I think you’re more of a liability than he is. You can’t fire someone because you’re jealous of them. Cas made me really happy, and if you actually cared about me, you’d want the best for me. I didn’t want to do this, but I didn’t see any other choice. Brad came back here and installed cameras again, so I’ve got a video of us tonight. I’m not gonna leak it anywhere or show it to anyone, but I have it. And if you give Cas his job back, I’ll delete it.”
. He sank to his knees. He had just ruined his career, put Dean in harm’s way because of his stupid, narrow train of thought, and now he’d lost everything.
“I’d be happy to do you.” Dean smirked a little at his poor joke, taking the soap from Cas and leaning into his touch for a moment before he began to wash down his chest.
Cas was surprised that Dean didn't ask him to move his cart for him but he would take it as Dean’s manners from his childhood kicking in a little. Cas drew himself to his feet. "Do you have any siblings?"
"I am well aware of what she did," he stated firmly. "She has been punished accordingly." His jaw clenched for a moment, Cas shivering. "And I have heard Castiel has been quite the drama-stirring employee. I think it is best to let him go. He is my employee, and I think he is a risk." His eyes fell on Cas and he nodded numbly, unable to think.
“Mm, okay.” Dean pulled back, curling his head back into the crook of his neck. “Did you wanna stay here tonight or go back to your room? I’m uh...I’m fine either way. Up to you.”
---all these thoughts crowded Cas’ mind for a moment, blood rushing to his ears and he tried not to show his nervousness as he stripped Dean out of his sweatpants. It shouldn't matter. Cas always was just there to get himself off. So why did he care what Dean thought?
“Mm.” Dean closed his eyes, enjoying Cas’ touch. He moved his hands up to grip his shoulders and smiled a little. “Feels good,” he murmured.
Dean stayed back at the bar and made a few phone calls, drumming his fingernails impatiently on the table. Luckily, it was only 1PM back in LA, so he got ahold of his bank quickly to explain the situation so his card wouldn’t get frozen. That was the last thing he needed.
"Dean. It's not going to kill you." He swatted Dean's hand away as he turned on the facet, a spider coincidently dropping onto Cas' hand. He remained calm and gently put the spider in the sink before climbing into the tub.
Cas barely made it out of the hotel before he started to cry. His lack of sleep and violation of his property, piled onto shame and humiliation had pushed him over the edge. He fought the silent tears away, ignoring passing patrons. He found an alleyway, out of the prying eye of the public, and let himself fall apart.
"Oh, please Dean. I have been with you for what? Five years? You haven't looked at me twice, but he was with you for barely five minutes and the way he looks at you-" She looked like she was going to cry. "Cas is a liability. He puts you in danger-" She sat up, blanket pulled over to cover herself.
"Hey Dean, I’m kinda tired," He lied, needing some time to think without what could only be the sexiest man alive spread out on top of him.
Cas patted Deans cheek. "I will head out first; that way if I see any paparazzi, I can give you a signal to hide."
Brad sighed. He really didn’t want to leave a trail. But he supposed he could set up a throwaway account. “Fine. God, you rich people are so high-maintenance.”
"No, no darling, you don't get that privilege." He grabbed Dean's hips and forced him against the mattress. He then sat back to look at him properly, rocking his cock at the same torturous pace.
It didn't take long for Cas to come completely undone, each moan louder as he squirmed under Dean, his hard cock straining against his stomach, begging to be touched. If Dean kept this up he would come, completely untouched.
"I felt the same way, and I'm so glad I did. Got to feel your cock. How could I forget one of my favorite lays? Your big cock fucking into me." Cas whimpered.
It didn’t take much for Dean to become a squirming, panting mess beneath Cas, moaning around his fingers as he licked them clean and raising his chest. He reached down, undoing his jeans and raising his hips to push them down, giving Cas more room.
Dean should be happy, right? But he felt shitty. Sighing, he put his sweats back on and called Cas, hoping he’d pick up.
Dean glanced down at his chest, then back up at Cas. “You’re gonna have to clean that up now.” He smirked.
Cas watches Dean carefully, lips parted with  lustful intent. He pushed up a little into his hand, wanting him to go faster. "Dean-" Cas panted softly, a slight whine in his voice as he spread his legs a little further apart.
Hearing the other man laugh made his cheeks burn in pure embarrassment. He hadn't seen a man naked before, bar a few drunken nights and dark alleyways. He shifted in his spot, clenching his jaw.
Dean smiled a little as he walked in, setting what he’d brought down on the table and making his way over to Cas.
Dean raised an eyebrow, not expecting that question. “You obviously didn’t look up my Wikipedia page before taking this job.” He laughed a little. “Yeah. I’ve got a younger brother. He’s...oh god...I guess 19 now? We haven’t really spoken in a while.”
Cas pulled back and made his way to the bed, settling against the headboard and among the pillows. He sat with one leg hanging casually off the bed, the other propped up as he eyed Dean. He started off slowly, his right hand pushing through his wet hair as his left dropped to caress and massage one of his nipples slowly.
“Relax. Just one more drink.” Dean chuckled, grabbing another one of the whiskey bottles and knocking it back.
Dean didn’t finish, but since he had the condom on, he could pretend. As soon as she came, he let out a groan, waiting for her to settle back down before he pulled out of her and quickly got up and went into the bathroom.
Dean sighed upon reading the response. He really didn’t want to leave the hotel again, but for Cas, he’d do anything. He got up, changing into his ‘sneaking around’ outfit that he’d worn to meet Brad and checked his phone. It was nearly 3 in the morning, probably not the best time to be alone outside, but he didn’t care. He snuck out the back entrance again, plugging the address into google maps on his phone, and walking there.
It was weird to receive a gentle kiss like that, but Cas brushed over it. And Dean’s lips felt nice, no longer hungry, but instead affectionate.  "Mm, and I will know it’s from me and that's hot. And this as well." He gently brushed his fingers over the wound on his neck.
"Alright." Cas chuckled, slipping off his sweatpants so he was naked for Dean, stretching out on the bed and his bright eyes lifted to meet the rock star’s. He felt such an unspoken level of trust and affection towards Dean.
"Fuck! Fuck-" Well, turned out Dean was right, because it was suddenly like Cas had no control over his body and he stroked faster and faster, Dean’s words ringing in his ears until he came, hard.
Cas took Dean’s coffee and waffles to him, placing the hot coffee on his bedside table so he didn't burn himself. "Here." He passed the plate and cutlery to Dean.
"Should have guessed." Cas muttered, leaning up against the railing as his eyes moved out to the tinted view.
"Alright. How do you think you would do climbing out a window and running?" Cas asked, dead serious as he watched Dean for a response.
“Why do you always look so sexy like this?” Dean shook his head, letting his hands greedily slide all over Cas’ chest, then down to his thighs before moving to his back and doing the same. “I mean...you always look sexy. But when you’re in the shower, it's a whole different level.”
Cas enjoyed this position, it felt warm and intimate. His fingers traced Dean's warm chest slowly. He hadn't told Dean, but he was planning on heading back to the US. It was a lot; this whole thing was like a torpedo and the last thing he wanted was for Dean’s reputation to be ruined. "Dunno," he lied.
Dean let out a long sigh in exasperation. This was torture for him. But he wasn’t going to just outright ask him. He could do that with anybody else, but with Cas...with...something that resembled more than just a desire for sex, he couldn’t. “Yeah, just call me Dean. I’ll start...calling you Cas from now on. I’m sorry.” That was the first apology he’d given in as long as he could remember. What was this man doing to him?
Cas stood close by, his eyes observing the store mostly for any kind of threat or possible annoyance to his client. He at least kept himself entertained, eyes scanning for exits and playing a number game in his head.
Once they were gone, Dean changed into his normal clothes and went to the sink, filling a glass with water and placing the flowers he’d picked up onstage in it. He grabbed his sunglasses and jacket and looked around, knowing Meg was right outside and it would be more difficult to escape than the last time. So he’d have to go out a different way. He quietly opened the balcony door and stepped onto it, making his way down the fire escape. This might’ve been the scariest thing he’d ever done as he was on the top floor and terrified of heights, but he eventually made it to the bottom, the small glass with flowers having spilled in his jacket and the glass dropped and shattered, but the flowers were still intact and that was all he cared about.
Cas peeled himself off the tiles and washed his face before realizing that this wasn't even his room. But he was naked. Oh god---he seemed to snap out of his daze quickly, peeking out of the room.
Cas eyes fell on Dean once again, wondering what he had to be huffy about. He could hook up with whoever, and now Cas would have to stand there and watch. And he hated it. He looked down at his hand, the ghost of a phone number still on it. Maybe it was worth giving the guy a call. Switch out with another guard under the vise of not feeling well. He needed some time, away from Dean.
He tried to ignore the feeling of warmth and murmured a soft “goodnight” before closing his eyes. He prayed for sleep or some kind of rest.
Cas enjoyed having his hair pulled, a lot. He dragged his nails down Deans thighs slowly, moaning around his cock as he kept up a slow, even rhythm.
There was that nickname again, the one that made Cas' knees go weak. He tried to not let it disrupt his rhythm. "Well now you can see what it was like for me as your bodyguard. Watching, not able to touch." He slipped his finger over his tip and let out a moan, pressing his head back into the headboard.
“Hey, baby. I brought you a few things.” Cas looked like he’d just gone through a messy break-up and the sight of him was heart-wrenching to Dean. He kicked his shoes off and climbed into bed with him, pulling him into his arms and hugging him tightly.
Cas melted, his fingers gently massaging Dean’s scalp. If this is what it meant to be friends with benefits, he was cool with that. He moaned out Dean's name softly, arching his back up just a touch.
Brad showed up, making no effort to conceal himself at all. But he could spot Dean, and with a smug smile, he slid into the booth opposing the rock star.
“Mm.” He swallowed everything down, then pulled back and licked his lips as he watched Cas unravel before him. It was one of the hottest things he’d ever seen. Dean smirked a little, letting out a soft sigh in content as he pulled back, licking his lips clean. “Mm...” He wasn’t really sure what else to say. But he knew this was a very bad idea.
“I guess that makes sense, but you’re going in blind. Maybe you would’ve known what you were getting yourself into and declined the job if you’d looked me up.” Dean grabbed his leather jacket and shrugged it on, then his boots. “Alright, you ready to head out?”
Cas felt his phone vibrate, his heart racing with excitement as he saw it was a message from Dean. He wanted to hold him, to cuddle up to him and tell him what a beautiful performance he did but he wasn't sure that was a good idea. Dean surely had fans to see. And he couldn't face the shame of going back to that hotel. Even if it was for Dean. Was he really a danger to him? A distraction?
“Uh huh. That’s what got me through it, hoping I’d get to come here and see you afterwards. Call me cheesy. I don’t care.” Dean chuckled, rolling off of him and laying beside him.
“Mhm.” Dean leaned into his touch, letting out a soft sigh in content. He could almost forget how gross the shower looked. Almost.
“I’m in my sweatpants. I’m not going anywhere for the rest of the night.” Dean laughed softly. This was becoming sort of a game. “I think you should call room service again and, assuming it’s not Kandii, I ask to fuck whoever brings it and you stand guard. What do you think?”
Sighing, he fished the €250 out of his pocket and slid it over to him. “Look, this is all I can get at the moment. It’s 10 o’clock at night and nothing’s open. I can get to a bank tomorrow, but this is what you’re gonna get for now. So start talking.”
What if he wasn’t really good at sex? What if he was just...okay? What if it got awkward? What if Dean laughed?
"But what if this had been someone else that caught us? What if you got hurt because I wasn't engaged in my job? Look, that's all kinds of messed up, but why do you want me back as your personal security guard anyway? You will find someone else, alright?"
Cas leaned down and, using his pinky finger, picked up a lacy hello kitty g-string. Classy. "I assume these are not yours?"
"Why does my appearance matter?" He asked with a huff of annoyance. "I’m wearing all black. It's not like I am wearing a fruit headdress.”
“I’m not. Just...trying to get away from the porn.” Dean chuckled again. Cas’ reaction was better than he’d expected. He continued to flip through, finding the movies. “Movie? Or is that too long?”
Dean kicked off his sweatpants and walked back over, straddling her hips. He had her watch him take the condom out of the wrapper and roll it onto himself. He lowered himself down, to rest between her hips, holding her legs open and guiding himself into her with a groan.
"He was awful. He kept asking about you, actually. He was so loud, my whole floor probably heard. He had never been fucked before so that was my own damn fault; I should have gagged him. The kissing was good when he finally stopped talking but the sex was, alright." He looked over at Dean briefly. "I know people.”
Brad wasn’t happy about it, but he knew that Dean’s hands were tied. So he accepted. “Fine. What would you like to know?”
It was short, but he knew how the rock star could get and wanted Dean to know that he was still very much on his mind. He then sat back and watched the concert, Dean not much more than a hard to make out blur with how far away the camera was, but he didn’t care.
Watching Cas in the midst of pleasure like that was almost too much for him, and his moans were beautiful. He continued to work over him, faster as his thumb massaged over the tip.
"You hired my services to keep you safe. Guarded. But I see now that although we have had great success in protecting you up to this point, our new little recruit has become a security threat. He will be terminated from my agency as well as Jo. She is a liability to our work and instead will be replaced.”
Cas gritted his teeth, "I just prefer Cas. But if you want to call me Castiel, that is your prerogative to do so."
And there was the one perk of his encounter with Kandii. Everything they needed was still in the drawer next to the bed. He wouldn’t have to get up and could just keep grinding against Cas. “Mm...top drawer,” he murmured, his voice slurred with pleasure as their cocks continued to slide against each other.
Cas searched Dean’s eyes for some sort of mockery or lie, but he was genuine. And Cas wasn't sure if he was terrified or excited, and he was in a hungover daze and his headache was clawing at him. This was all so much to process, but all he knew that he wanted was Dean’s comfort. He seeked his arms, his affection.
Castiel gingerly moved from his post, carefully taking a seat on the edge of Dean's bed. "You can just call me Cas."
"It's fine." He glanced up at Dean. "I thought I would give you the heads up; my days off are Wednesdays. So you will have another guard that day." He informed, leaning back on his palms.
Cas snapped out of his daze, his eyes falling on Dean. He raised his eyebrows a little; they looked like sunglasses. "Fine." He answered.
"Ugh, don't flatter yourself,” He muttered, finishing off his food a little while after Dean, before settling on the bed next to him.
Cas walked rather briskly, stepping off onto the curb and sighing in relief as he saw the car. He climbed in, settling back on the leather seats.
He probably shouldn't have, but he couldn't help himself. What did Cas love more than blowjobs, was the cum that came after. He caught Dean's wrist and licked his palm clean, sliding one of Dean's fingers inside his mouth for a moment, his tongue caressing the skin before pulling it out.
Cas sat up, fumbling a little as he slipped his shirt off and tossed it aside. He immediately grabbed Dean's shirt, pulling it off and meeting his lips again.
Cas shook his head. "No, what are they about?" He asked curiously, tipping his head back and finishing off his beer.
She had been dreaming about this for years and now that she had him pinned down to a bed, she was not letting up. She wanted him to fuck her; hard and fast. Anything sure beat her vibrator.
Dean raised his hips again to help him take them off, his hands moving to undo Cas’ pants. He squirmed a little, eagerness welling up within him. He didn’t exactly know where Cas was going with this, but he was fine with anything. He just had this overwhelming urge to be close to him, a feeling he didn’t recognize.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” Dean chuckled and sat at the edge of the bed, eyes following the security guard around the room.
“Yeah. Is it safe to use the shower here, though?” Dean asked as he sat up, half-joking. He yawned, running his fingers through his hair as he reluctantly climbed out of bed and offered Cas his hand.
Cas' lips parted just a touch, his long lashes fluttered together a little as a very slight whimper of pleasure fell from his delicious lips. "Hng-"
Cas wanted to ignore it. He really did. He didn't want another show. He hesitantly answered in his usual flat tone. "Hello, how may I be of service?"
“No, sadly Jo didn’t have cameras installed in his room too. But man, maybe that would’ve been useful,” Dean replied angrily. “Why would I make that up? It’s bullshit that I should even need proof for that.”
He sat up to see him scrambling to get dressed and his eyes widened. “Oh, fuck. What...is it morning? Shit!” He slid off the couch and found his clothes, tugging them on and smoothing them down as nicely as he could. He hadn’t expected to be doing the walk of shame, but walking from a sex club to his hotel in broad daylight with his ‘security guard’ would not be a good look.
“Thank you.” Dean rolled onto his side facing her. “Can I talk to you about something?” He asked softly.
“That is pretty fucking hot.” Dean smirked a little, tilting his head back. “Mhm. It’s too bad I can’t give you one. But you’re free to mark me up all you want. No one’ll ask questions.”
Cas swallowed thickly, panting as his heavy eyelids drooped a little. "Mm, yes," He breathed out lazily.
Dean quickly fell asleep himself, his body completely worn out. And with Cas’ warmth pressed against him, it wasn’t hard to be lulled to sleep.
Dean clenched around his fingers a little, letting out breathy grunts as he shoved the side of his face into his pillow, rocking his hips back. When he felt the slap, he yelped and his cock immediately twitched. “Fuck, Cas.”
“Cas...fuck. This isn’t good. How the hell are we gonna get out of here without people noticing us on the street?”
“Funny. That’s kinda how I feel about you,” Dean replied without thinking, taking another bite of his burger. “Don’t know what you’re talking about, though. I’m just eating...” he saw Cas put fries in his burger and immediately copied him. It was a smart idea.
“I just think that we both tried to distract ourselves today by being with someone else, and it sucked. But being with you didn’t suck. Well, it did literally, but that’s not my point.” Dean laughed a little. He could never pass up a crude joke like that. “So...what’s the harm in good sex, right? I mean we already have an excuse for being alone together. As long as we don’t act differently around other people, we’ll be fine.”
Cas had had breakfast at that point, pretty much waiting for Dean, but when he hadn't come downstairs yet, he got a little worried. Not that he would ever admit that out loud.
“Mm.” Dean scooted closer to him, unzipping his black pants and tugging them down. “Look how hard you are,” he teased, brushing against him again with his palm through his underwear. “That for me?”
“I’ll take that as a no. C’mon, let’s find somewhere else to hide.” He put his hands on Cas’ shoulders, standing behind him and guiding him out of the store.
Dean reared his head beneath Cas’ chin, taking a deep breath to breathe him in, his body engulfed in warmth and lightness. His heart was racing and he clung to Cas, committing this perfect moment to memory so he could look back on it whenever he wasn’t with him.
"Are you alright if I order something as well?" He asked, leaning over to the hotel phone and placing an order for the both of them.
Cas averted his eyes as Dean climbed out of the tub, trying to hide his obvious fear. He was half-hoping that Dean was too drunk to remember, but of course his luck wasn't that good. "No. Did you order breakfast?"  Usually at a hotel, someone had to do that.
“Yes.” Dean nodded. “I’ll put it this way. That guy wrote his number on your hand, right? Meaning he left you hot and bothered. So you’ve got two options. One is to go out and find someone to satisfy you. Two is to go back to your room and take care of yourself. The first option could get you in a shitload of trouble and the second option is kinda depressing. So here’s option three. I’m drunk but not too drunk not to know what I’m doing. You’re desperate. Let me help you out.”
He froze the second loud sex noises came from the TV, hurriedly ending the call, his cheeks aflame with pure embarrassment. "Dean, what the fuck? Give me the remote!" He all but tackled the rock star, trying to pry it from his hands.
Cas wasn't expecting Dean to say it back; he just needed to voice his feelings. He leaned into the kiss, slow and warm. He smiled a little as Dean pulled back, nudging his chin with his nose as he snuggled down into him. He pressed a soft kiss to his neck, their bodies squishing together.
“Damn,” Dean murmured, breathless as he watched Cas get off. He hadn’t expected this raw, aggressive side of him, but he liked it. “Feel better?”
"I'm not jealous. Not of that hippie looking fuck up with a drug problem." She screeched, getting out of the bed and pulling her clothes on. He had her in a checkmate and she clenched her teeth;
Cas knew it was wrong, but he didn't care, too caught up in the moment to think about any repercussions. He ground his hips harder, his hand slipping down to touch himself; he knew it wouldn't take much for him to come. So much lust, and anger. All he needed was Dean to moan for him and he would be finished. He moved from Dean's lips to kissing his neck, leaving a long, slow lick along the skin and biting down to suck a mark of his own.
“Thank you,” Dean murmured. He loved interacting with his fans, but it was exhausting and sometimes he wanted to just be left alone. Once the crowd dispersed, he kept Cas in front of him as a shield, walking with his head down.
“Meh,” Dean replied with a smirk, scooting over to rest his head on Cas’ chest. “Better than earlier really isn’t saying much, though. But you beat ‘princess’ ass tattoo for sure.” He chuckled, raising his head to meet Cas’ eyes.
Cas slipped off his baseball hat and absentmindedly passed it to Dean. He messed out his own hair, resembling some dirty grunge kid but he honestly didn't care. People wouldn't look at him twice.
Dean smiled, resting with his hand behind his head. He sat up when there was a knock at the door for room service. “Oh, shit. I really hope they didn’t send up Kandii...” he muttered.
"I would have taken the job regardless." He answered bluntly, drawing himself to his feet. He was in no position to turn down a job."Yes."
Cas made the call, gritting his teeth at Dean’s little jab at him. "I will stand guard as requested. Do you require anything else?"
Jo lay back against the bedsheets, her heart pounding as she stared up at the ceiling. She smiled a little to herself. She’d done it. Now with Castiel out of the way, she could have Dean all to herself.
“Mm.” Dean bit his lip as he sat up, his eyes trailing over Cas. “Don’t know what’s more delicious: you or the mousse.” He smirked, straddling his hips and dipping his finger into the container. He smeared chocolate across Cas’ lips, then leaned down, kissing it off of him.
“Yeah...honestly, I’ve fucked a lot of girls like her, but not nearly that bad. “You know the worst part? Her name was Kandii. Spelled with a K and two Is at the end. Isn’t that awful?”
“You’ve known me for a little over a week. And you know the things I’ve shared with you. You’re perceptive, so you pick a lot up, but there are things about me you can’t possibly know because I’m still learning them about myself. I do like having sex with you, but it’s beyond that. I feel safe when I’m around you, and not just because you’re my security guard. It’s a kind of safety I don’t feel with any of the other guards. And I know I’ve fucked up, but that’s because I’m not used to this. I’ve never felt this way before and I don’t know how to handle it and I’m kinda terrified, honestly. And you’re right. I don’t know you beyond the fact that you’re just as damaged as I am, if not, more, and in the past, you gave your heart away to people who don’t deserve it, so now you shut everyone out because you’ve decided feeling nothing is better than feeling pain. But I know that you feel, that you draw and you write and you’re goddamned talented at it. And I’m sorry for snooping...I know I shouldn’t have looked through your journal, but I couldn’t help myself. I’m used to all the private things I write being broadcasted to millions of people so I didn’t think about how private it was. But remember that song I performed at my last concert after you calmed me down? I wrote it about you. Because that’s how you make me feel, Cas.”
“If I told you, you’d probably lose immediately.” Dean chuckled. “You sure you wanna risk that?” He bit his lip, leaning forward a little, almost challengingly.
he had never had a partner that made him want to come back for more before. But there Dean was, collapsed on the bed, hand full of cum, and the last thing he wanted to do was run out the door.
He watched him walk away, his heart thundering in his ears as his gaze turned to the ceiling. There were so many thoughts running through his head at that moment. And maybe it was because he mostly only had sex while drunk or high, but that was the best he could remember having.
"It doesn't have to be on my neck." He said, caught up in Deans gaze for a moment before he snapped out of it and dragged his eyes away.
“Let’s see here...why the fuck did you put a camera in my hotel room? How did you even manage to do it? Why are you following me around Europe? And why are you trying to blackmail me?”
When Cas finally scraped himself off the cool cement, he brushed himself off and headed downtown. It took a while and when he finally reached a comfortable motel, he paid the overly expensive room fee with the little money he had left and took the key, making his way in. He showered, cleaning the previous night from his mind. He wanted to see Dean’s concert but he had no ticket and hell, security wasn't going to let him in. So he did some searching around on his phone and found a fan site where he could pay a fee and watch a life feed of the concert.
"You are the one who is dressed like they are at a fashion show in Milan. This is how average people dress." He gave Dean a disdained look.
as life becomes hectic again, we will not be able to update this fic as regularly as before, but we promise, this fic will NOT be abandoned, and will be completed, no matter how long it takes. Thanks for hanging in there and for your continued support and feedback. It means a lot!
Dean pulled back slowly, brushing his nose gently against Cas’ as the car pulled up outside the hotel.
Even after Dean fell asleep, Cas couldn't bring himself to. He was tired of thinking, and overthinking. His fingers tightened on Dean’s back for a moment, letting his mind fall empty. That was when when words started to trickle in, a tune he couldn't quite place yet beginning to play to a beat in his mind. He wanted to write it down so he wouldn't forget, but with his journal destroyed, he sat up a little and fumbled for a pencil and notepad from the drawer. Squinting through the dark, he was able to harmonize a bridge of lyrics.
Dean smirked, curling Cas’ tie around his wrist. “Fair point.” He let go and cupped his face instead, kissing him deeply and only pulling away when he needed to breathe.
"If I wasn't so hard right now, I would choke you, I swear-" Cas grunted, pushing up into Dean's hand desperately. He didn't like to be teased. He wanted Dean to massage him, to stroke him. Do anything.
Cas peered down at his phone as it buzzed, his heart clenching. He reached to grab it but he remembered Jo’s words and forced himself to decline the call. Dean didn't care. And Cas wasn't going to keep feeding into Dean’s fantasy and ruin his career further.
It was like their own dirty secret, being tucked away under a light veiling of clothes. "Mm-" Cas breathed out in response, his gaze dropping to meet Dean’s eye line. He had such stunning green eyes? Why was it only now Cas saw it?
"How is it you manage to find alcohol any place you go?" Cas asked, but honestly, he could use a drink. "Do they have any whiskey? Or beer?" Cas moved forward to stand next to Dean, peering over his shoulder.
She shook a little in excitement, her fingers grazing down his chest as she shamelessly pushed her hips down to grind against him.
"Or maybe I should keep all of this just for you," Cas murmured, his fingers teetering up to brush over Deans muscular shoulders, massaging them gently.
“Good.” A small smile formed on Dean’s lips as he curled up into Cas’ arms. “I’ll make sure you don’t get in trouble for this, alright? You don’t have to worry.”
"All mine." He growled, leaning down to nibble and bite at Dean’s earlobe, moving his hips at an excruciatingly slow pace. His tongue slid over the shell of his ear with a pleased hum.
Dean cleared his throat. “I can’t sleep. Dunno what’s going on, but I’m feeling kinda paranoid here. Would you mind staying at least until I fall asleep?”
Dean chuckled, watching Cas leave the alley. It truly did feel like he was in some sort of spy movie, sneaking around in his suit and sunglasses like an honorary man in black. Giving Cas a bit of a head start, he walked down the alley and peered around, crossing the street as he didn’t see anyone and making his way to Fifth.
“Mr. Winchester? You’re suddenly so formal.” Dean tried to keep his voice light, but the tone between them had shifted so suddenly. Cas was back to acting like he was when they’d first met. “Okay. I’ll miss you.”
“Well, I typically go for security guards, but since you made it clear earlier that that’s off the table, l’ll settle for anyone who isn’t saving themselves for marriage.” Dean smirked.
"Yeah, a little," he replied, but he really hadn't. He surely wasn't as good as Dean thought, and he felt like he was really just a weight on Dean. He was just caught up in the lust-filled fantasy for now. But surely Dean would get bored. Eventually.
“You’re on.” Dean grinned, already shuddering as Cas kissed him. This was going to be fun, though he wasn’t sure he could manage to go without touching himself or Cas.
