The Night We Met - Lord Huron
Closer - Nine Inch Nails
Supernova - Liz Phair
. Something about it had him feeling too exposed. Too close to the emotions he wanted to keep hidden, too close to the heart he thought he was protecting.  It was a live version of "The Rain Song" that often floated in the back of his consciousness whenever he thought of Cas. Sometimes, alone and unguarded, he could listen to that song and feel his heart unfolding.
Ready for Love - Bad Company
cardigan - Taylor Swift
Love Songs - Brandi Carlile
The Flame - Cheap Trick
There's one song he deliberately kept off of
). Some of the best Led Zeppelin songs are just... super horny and yeah he did panic a little over that but then again isn't music usually about love in various forms, including the sexy stuff? He took deep breaths and dealt with it. Leaned on the plausible deniability that he's been leaning on for years already in regard to Cas.
My Favourite Colour - Carly Rae Jepsen
13 Beaches - Lana Del Rey
Like A Stone - Audioslave
Rock Me Tonite - Billy Squier
In addition to the winding detours he takes in listening to actual pop music, several years back he finally got into generationally appropriate rock music -- all the grunge he'd heard in the 90s but thought he wasn't paying attention to. Let a decade or so pass and it's colored with just enough nostalgia to make him go soft for it. He found himself singing along to songs as if he'd always loved them. So he has his classic rock preferences and he's still picky, but get him in the right mood and he's willing to explore.
The first mixtape was easy (it wasn't), low pressure (so why did he stress about it non-stop for over a week), and didn't have to mean anything (it meant something.
Sunshine Of Your Love - Cream
and when Cas comes back, his heart will be ready.
Love Stuck - Mother Mother
Tracklist:
All the lovesick songs he has encountered since everything happened have hit him a certain way, and some wrap around his heart and squeeze, a less deadly but maybe not less painful version of the grip Billie had on it.
“I wanna know why you left a
After, the man doesn’t say anything, just zips his pants up and gets the hell out of there. Dean’s left standing there by the dumpster, feeling weird but not as weird as he thought he would. The whole time, he kept thinking somebody might see them, might step in and put a stop to it—he’s not sure if he was hoping for that or not—but it didn’t happen. It’s over, and nobody stopped anything, and Dean is twenty bucks richer.
Cas lets out a long breath, and it’s almost like a sob. He reaches out and pulls Jack into his lap, and Jack buries his face in Cas’s shoulder, little hands gripping tight at his t-shirt. Cas feels something in his chest click into place.
, he thinks. But when he finally gets into bed that night, Sam fast asleep in the one beside him, Dean closes his eyes and lets the warm possibility of a future worth fighting for guide him to sleep.
“Sorry won’t cut it if you slacking off gets your brother killed.” Dean winces, and Dad knocks back about half of his beer. He wipes his mouth on the back of his hand and motions toward the chair next to him. “Now sit down and clean this up before I bleed everywhere.”
“Easy there, tiger.” Dean was shooting for snarky, but his voice is so soft with affection that it comes out more adoring than anything else. “These are more than enough.”
Cas’s eyes fly open. Standing in right front of him, barely taller than Cas sitting there on the ground, is a little boy. His hair is messy, and he’s in Star Wars pajamas, and when he smiles sheepishly, there’s a gap in his teeth. Cas would recognize him anywhere.
“Daddy, Dee is so comfy,” Jack mumbles, still mostly asleep. “He’s soft an’ warm an’ big.
Sam stands up, his hip popping loudly as he does so. This last hunt did a number on both of them; Dean’s pretty sure his right shoulder might never be the same. “I’m gonna hit the bathroom. If the waitress comes, will you ask her to refill my water and order me a roast beef—”
“Shut the fuck up.” Dean’s voice has a hard edge, but the desperate fear of his soul and the shining green of his eyes tell Cas all he needs to know. “Shut the fuck up, you’re gonna be fine. You’re fine.”
“I will.” Cas slips Mary’s ring in his pocket, and tries to match Dean’s careful smile. “I have luck on my side.”
“You’re one to talk! I
“Yes,” Cas says like this isn’t a big fucking deal. “As to why it feels that way during sex—the act is already one that creates close contact between my grace and your soul, so I’m guessing that amplifies the feeling you get when I touch the scar.”
“Yes, Dean.” Cas takes a step forward, then stops. He looks at Dean like he wouldn’t mind standing here forever just to watch him, and it’s a look he’s given Dean before, and Dean is filled with so much relief at once that he thinks his knees are going to give out. It’s
Now, though, as Cas stands in the doorway taking in the sight before him, he’s sure. He’s sure that now,
“Okay.” And it sounds like he actually might this time, especially when he stretches and something pops into his back. “Jesus
Cas smirks. “Feel good?”
Dean turns on his side. The other side of the bed is still empty, despite the fact that it’s been almost an hour since Dean turned the tv off and went to bed, Cas promising that he was right behind him. Logically, Dean knows he probably just got caught up in the book he’s been reading—some mystery Eileen recommended—but he still feels uneasy without Cas beside him. With Chuck gone and Jack running the show now, there’s not much left to put them in danger; he knows that. But what can he say? Old paranoia dies hard.
“Don’t be.” Cas smiles, then, a small one, just a hit of what Dean suspects it could be, in the right circumstances. “Thank you for making my…” His smile twists a little to something that could almost be a smirk. “My last night on Earth, enjoyable.”
“Out where?”
“No thanks, sweetheart,” he manages to say. The bravado in his voice is about as fake as the interest in hers. “I’m with my brother right now. And besides, you’re a little young for me.”
. But it passes, like it always does. “Yes sir.”
“Get some sleep,” he says.
“No,” Cas says, and he’s sure of it. Lucifer’s blade made quick work of him. “No, I’m not.”
“Nope. S’not like I’m the kind of guy people get flowers for.” Dean kind of can’t believe he’s saying this out loud, and he looks down at the bouquet on the table, running his hands over the petals just to have something to do with them. “I gave them to a few girlfriends, Cassie and Lisa, but I—I don’t know. I always liked the idea of someone giving them to me. Kind of romantic, I guess.”
Cas smiles, and squeezes Jack a little tighter. Together, they watch the sunrise.
Cas is smiling when he busts into the kitchen. He’s covered in dirt, like he always is after he’s been out in the garden, but Dean can’t quite bring himself to bitch about it, not when his husband looks so ridiculously happy about something. He finds himself grinning back without meaning to.
“Shh, honey. I’m taking you to bed.”
Magnificently, Cas actually turns red. “It’s not—”
, he thinks,
It’s a good night, he thinks, turning up his Zepp mixtape. A really good night.
“I—” Cas can barely form words. Each breath feels like a battle. “I’m sorry.”
Cas blinks. “You—”
Cas relaxes a little into Dean’s touch, and finally stops eyeing his reflection like it’s as alien to him as it was when he first took it as a vessel all those years ago. “I guess you’re right.”
When they get back to the Bunker, Cas leads Dean to their bedroom with steady hands. Dean snarks something about being able to take care of himself just fine, thank you, but Cas doesn’t rise to the bait, just nods along and continues to guide him forward. He sits Dean down on the bed, unlaces his boots and pulls them off, runs a hand down Dean’s calf and squeezes his ankle.
“Yeah.” One thing Cas had done right. “I picked some up at the store the other day. I know it’s your favorite.”
He creeps in and sets the tray down on his bedside table. Then, unable to resist, he slips back under the covers and wraps his arms around Dean. Dean stirs somewhat awake, and wiggles back into Cas with a satisfied hum.
Even now, Cas is staggered by how beautiful he is. “Dean.” It’s all he can say, the only word even coming to his mind right now. Somewhere, he understands that he’s dying, but all that seems important is Dean, his face and his voice and their interlocked hands. “Dean.”
They go over the edge within a few seconds of each other, like it’s a movie or something, and Dean is
Dean turns his head. A man is standing in the shadows near the bar’s back door, impossible to see but clearly watching him. His voice grates low in the quiet of the mostly empty parking lot.
“I love you too. More and more every moment.”
Cas readjusts his arms, one firm under Dean’s knees and the other careful around his shoulders. He doesn’t feel Dean’s weight, of course, but he wants to make sure Dean feels comfortable. “Are you sure?”
Cas’s eyes twinkle, and he takes his hand out front behind his back.
“Of course you can be here,” Cas says through tears he can’t stop, pressing his face into the top of Jack’s head. “Of course you can, this is your home, of course. We’ve missed you so much. Oh, I’ve missed you so much.”
“I miss you, Jack.” His voice breaks over the words, and he takes a steadying breath. Some days are harder than others. “We all miss you so much.”
Cas’s arms grow tighter around him. “Dean,” he starts. And then he’s silent. There’s nothing he can say. What the fuck is there to say?
Cas gets to his feet, and for a brief moment, they’re just looking at each other. The air is charged differently than it was before, and from nowhere, Dean thinks,
Dean does it. “What are you—” Cas starts kneading at Dean’s shoulders, and his voice falters, overcome by a small sound not unlike a whimper. “Holy shit.”
Cas doesn’t smile or flirt back like Dean would expect. Instead, his frown deepens. “Do you think so?”
“Weirdo,” Dean mutters, because that’s always his instinct when Cas is being as sweet and loving as he is right now.
. Dean knows something inside him is breaking open for good, and he’s glad for it. “Cas, I love you,” he says again, desperate and urgent because it has to be said. He’s spent way too fucking long not saying it. “I love you, I love you so damn much,
Cas barely has the motel room door shut behind them before Dean is collapsing into a heap on the bed, not even bothering to take off his boots before he hits the mattress.
“It’s gonna be fine, okay?” Dean says. His hand is pressing into the wound on Cas’s chest, the mess of blood and grace leaking out endlessly. Cas is dismayed to realize that Dean’s crying. “You’re gonna be fine.”
The living room lamp is still on, and sure enough, Cas is sitting exactly where Dean left him, reading glasses slipping down his nose and book open in his lap. Any worry Dean had dissipates at the sight.
“Dad—”
“Do you think so?” Cas tilts his head like he’s seeing into Dean’s soul, which he probably is, and Dean’s brain catches up with his mouth. What the hell? He’s not doing this, he’s not trying to fuck an angel, a male angel,
comes before Sammy.”
Dean stares at her. It’s not like he’s never come across a hooker before—kind of an impossibility, what with all the time he spends in shady places. He’s seen plenty of women with that horrible edge of desperation prowling around in darkened bars and fluorescent truck stops, had a few proposition him. And he’s met even more hookers who were pretty legit, who ran a business and did it because it was their job, not because they had to. Dean’s man enough to admit he’s even paid for it from women like that before, when he couldn’t muster up the energy to charm anybody into bed and figured he may as well support a small business. But he’s never slept with anybody who might have been driven into sex work by hunger or poverty or a little brother who needed a new winter coat. Just the thought of it makes him want to gouge his own eyes out.
Cas opens his Coke up and takes a sip. The lake glitters all around them, and not for the first time, Dean marvels at how good his life has gotten. How perfect.
on me,” Dean says, snatching a piece of bacon off of Cas’s plate before he can stop him. “Seems a little possessive, sweetheart.”
“Good. Then you know I wouldn’t give it to just anybody for just any reason.” Dean looks into Cas’s eyes, and through the tears and the grief and the fear, Cas sees certainty. His voice wavers with emotion, but Cas finds no doubt in what he’s saying. “I’ve had this ring all my life, Cas. It’s been with me through everything. No matter what’s happened to me, I’ve always been able to find my way back home, and I—” Dean works his jaw. “It’s lucky, okay? It’s lucky, and if you have it with you, you’re coming back home to me. Alright?”
Dean is asleep on the couch, head dropped to the right, his chest rising and falling slowly. Jack is bundled in his arms, sitting in his lap with his head pillowed on Dean’s belly, and he’s asleep too. The light from the TV flickers across their slack, dreamlike faces, and Cas’s heart feels like it might just beat out of his chest. He loves them so intensely it’s almost a physical ache.
“Seriously?” Dean nods, and Sam grins, already grabbing at Dean’s cup to take a Sasquatch-sized sip. “Thanks, man. I think I’m getting dehydrated.”
Dean’s cheeks go pink. Cas knows he’s insecure about some of the weight he’s gained in the past few years, knows that he doesn’t like it when Cas kisses his stomach, knows that to Dean, his body isn’t a perfect thing. And Cas, well, he endeavors to show him that it is.
“Still. Last night on Earth, and all.” Dean’s not sure where that comes from, but there it is, out in the open: Dean’s best line. He’s so surprised that he did it
They’re in North Carolina, some tiny town in the dead center of the state. Dad’s been hunting a shapeshifter there for a few weeks, and when that finishes, he hears about a potential haunting out near the coast. Sam begs Dad to take them along so they can hang out at the beach, but Dad refuses—the motel’s already paid up through the end of the month. Sam argues, but Dean tells Sam to quit complaining and listens dutifully as Dad goes through the usual rules, his usual expectations. And right before he leaves, he hands Dean a stack of cash like he always does.
sleep with Dee, I always feel so safe and so happy. I never sleep better than I do when I’m with him. We’re very lucky, aren’t we?”
“Yeah.” Dean’s still half-asleep, unfiltered and unencumbered in a way he rarely is, even now. “You’re real sweet to me, Cas. Always are.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, clearly oblivious to the entire thing; he never notices anybody flirting with him except for Dean, which is quite the ego boost. “Greg here was just telling me about a restaurant near our hotel that serves great burgers—he said it’s a great place to go on a date.”
He drives for a long time. By the time he feels like he can stop, he’s got no idea where he is, just some random backroad, flat and endless. The sun has risen entirely over the horizon.
He glances up. Cas is already dropping down beside him, a hand on Dean’s knee and a deeply concerned expression on his face. “Cas, how the—what are you doing here?”
, usually. Sometimes something by Zepp or the Eagles. But I remember
is lurking in there, which is even more annoying. “I know it makes you uncomfortable, the knowledge I have of things you haven’t shared with me. And I know… I know this is something you haven’t shared with many.” He runs his hand down Dean’s arm so it’s resting on the crook of his elbow. It’s a soft touch. A reminder, maybe. “I just don’t want you to think you have to do anything like this for me.”
not an insane thing to say. “I was near tears myself.”
“Then what are these for?”
Cas’s wide eyes search his face as he puts one hand on Dean’s arm, right where the handprint is. He doesn’t touch him anywhere else. And then he says, “Dean, I need you to understand me. Are you listening?”
written for
“I get it, okay?” He says in a frantic whisper. There’s not really anybody around, and the only waitress has been on a smoke break for maybe twenty minutes and shows no signs of returning, but Dean can’t fathom the possibility of anybody hearing this. He kind of can’t believe he’s even saying it all. “I’ve been you. I know it fucking sucks. Just take the damn cash and go home for the night. Please.”
Dean slips out of bed, toeing on his slippers and heading downstairs. The old wood creaks familiarly beneath his feet.
“Yeah, dumbass. I do.” Dean laughs. He knows he’s blushing like an idiot, but he can’t bring himself to care, not when he’s got an armful of angel. “Y’know, nobody’s ever gotten me flowers before.”
He sure as hell did work hard. Those first few months, full of slip-ups and breakdowns and more white-knuckled self-control than Dean ever thought he was capable of, were some of the toughest in his life. But he’s made it this far. Sobriety is a work in progress, sure. But Dean’s got people to help him and support him if there’s a setback, and he’s got healthy coping mechanisms out his ass (thanks Mia), and he’s sitting here on a warm summer night, alive and healthy and just about the happiest he’s ever been. So it’s easy for Dean to let himself smile and say, “Y’know what? I’m proud of me, too.”
up.) At least there’s still bacon. Shit, the bacon!
“Listen to me.” Any words Dean could have said disappear as his dad leans forward, nearly whispering, eyes flashing deadly. “I don’t know who the hell you think you are, but if I
“No,” Cas says. His voice wavers briefly, then steadies. “No, there isn’t. And I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Dean.”
Cas has only been back, free from the Empty and fully human, for a month. It’s been a good month, mostly, full of reunions and laughter and slowly but surely figuring things out. He and Dean share a bed now, share a life in a way they never did before, and it’s good. Cas is learning to be human again, and every step of the way, Dean is with him, endlessly patient and gentle with all of it, seemingly happy just to be with him at all. And Cas gets to kiss Dean when he wants, gets to hold his hand and brush his fingertips along the crinkles at the corners of Dean’s eyes, and every day, he gets to tell Dean he loves him.
They sit there for a long time. Cas rocks his son gently back and forth in his arms, so grateful he thinks it might break him apart. Jack is home. He’s
“We’re not going to do this,” Cas says, awkwardly readjusting and zipping his pants back up. His voice is so firm that Dean’s starting to think he’s overplayed his hand so spectacularly that he’s about to get smited here and now. God, what kind of fucking idiot hits his knees in front of an angel, not to pray or beg forgiveness, but to
“Really.” But then the bartender
—is sitting at the counter and making eyes at him. She shifts in her seat, licks her lips, tucks her hair behind her ear. It’s stupidly obvious, but hey, Dean thinks—how else do you drum up business?
It wasn’t, but maybe it kind of was. Dean exhales slowly, tries to get a lid on the weird and suffocating mix of emotions attempting to escape him in what would probably be some kind of fucked-up meltdown. “No, I, uh… I don’t know. I guess I’m just trying to figure out why some things happened, y’know?”
And suddenly, Dean thinks he might cry. There are tears burning hot in his eyes and everything. “Cas, I—” He swallows hard, wills himself not to break down here on the ground with his holy tax accountant. Again, seriously, how the fuck did this go so badly so quickly? “Cas, I’m sorry, man.”
He listens to Dean’s voice until it all goes away, until his hand goes limp in Dean’s grasp.
“Don’t.” It kind of gasps out of him. He thinks he might be crying. “Don’t go, Cas. I can’t—” His breath hitches again, and he clutches at the front of Cas’s shirt, a soft old favorite of Dean’s. “Jesus, I don’t know. I can’t, I’m sorry, I—”
“You’re killing yourself, Dean!” Sam had shouted, the desperate emotion in his voice enough to make Dean wince. “I’m not going to stand by and watch you waste away after everything we did to get here!”
“Dude,” Dean rubs his eyes, disoriented. “What the hell? Did you carry me up here?”
remember at the store. Cas studies his handiwork critically, then adds a few napkins (amidst all the change, Dean remains a very messy eater). The end result looks nice, Cas thinks. Better than he worried it might, at least.
“It is?”
written for a touch prompt: to say goodnight
Cas rolls his eyes. “No, Dean.”
Dean’s staring and staring and staring and then it clicks. Fuck. He’s been doing a pretty good job staying in denial about some of the more unsavory bits of his personal history that Cas undoubtedly knows about due to the whole, y’know, rebuilding Dean from the ground up like a shitty broken down car thing. Or at least, he has been until now. “That’s not—Cas, I don’t—” Dean doesn’t know what to say; he doesn’t
. Dean squeezes his eyes shut. “There’s not a reason. There’s no fucking reason.”
Today, Cas closes his eyes, lets the cool early morning air caress his face. He thinks of Jack watching him somewhere far away.
That probably earns him an over-the-shoulder middle finger, but he doesn’t see it, too focused on the menu in front of him. Dean almost always gets a bacon cheeseburger at places like this, but some people across the room ordered fried chicken and the smell is making Dean’s mouth water. He’s contemplating whether to order the platter or just the regular combo—who is he kidding, he’s definitely gonna order the platter—when he realizes somebody’s watching him.
Dean’s made his peace with it, alright? The hooking wasn’t something he
Dean laughs, and if it’s a little tearful, Cas is good enough not to mention it. “Yes, baby, really. They’re gorgeous.” He looks down at the perfect white blooms, then back at Cas as he has a realization. “Wait, this isn’t an anniversary, is it? I’m not forgetting something?”
“There’s no need to apologize,” Cas says somberly. “I didn’t expect to.”
“You made
“Dean?” Cas seems a little concerned, probably at Dean’s obvious internal meltdown. “Are you alright?”
Cas gives Dean a flat look, like he’s genuinely reconsidering this whole head-over-heels, see-it-from-space, cosmically-important love they’ve got between them. “I don’t see why it matters.”
He arranges the limited food on an old wooden tray, along with two mugs of steaming coffee and a jar of Dean’s favorite apricot jelly that he
“Thanks.” He tries not to seem too smug, but really, these sandwiches are some of his best work. “I used the bread we got at the farmer’s market. Which reminds me, when we go this weekend, will you remind me to buy a loaf of the pumpernickel? I know it’s not your favorite, but I found a recipe for some paninis that call for it and I think you’ll like them.”
“I’m just wondering.” Dean hides his grin by taking a long sip of his coffee. “I mean, clearly there’s something magic about it, something with your mojo—last night when you put your hand on it, I’ve never felt anything like that before. I’m wondering why.”
“Dude,” Sam’s voice cuts through the haze of jealousy and blind hatred of this fucking douche who thinks he can somehow get Cas to like him. “Relax. You look so pissed I’m worried you’re gonna pull a muscle or something.”
It’s itching under his skin, trying to think about this, so Dean just lets himself drift there in Baby’s front seat. He focuses on the purr of her engine, the low sounds of the radio, the road as it’ll unfold in front of him as they drive through the night, until he’s thinking about nothing at all.
“I told you I was coming. What time is…” Cas glances over at the clock on the mantelpiece. “Oh. That was an hour ago?”
Dean slams his hands down on the steering wheel and relishes the pain that comes after. He does it again, and again, and again, until he hears something like cracking and realizes that Jesus fucking Christ, he’s taking this out on
“I—” This is the first time he’s going to say it out loud. Dean’s not sure why it’s kind of scary. But he’s done a lot of scarier shit in a lot worse places than his husband’s arms, sitting outside the house they share, their son asleep and safe in his bed. “I haven’t had a drink in a year.”
,” Cas says. Dean is watching the storm, but he can hear the way Cas is smiling gently just from the way the words take shape in his mouth. He looks down and goes breathless. Dizzy with love, dizzy with the desire to press his mouth to Cas’s, to get so close they share every breath together. “
, man. This is embarrassing.”
is the moment in which his love has reached its threshold, that it can never possibly grow any larger than this, can never be more encompassing and consuming.
One final kiss, soft lips on warm skin. Dean doesn’t want to pull away. “I promise.”
“Looking good, sweetheart,” he drawls. He wastes no time coming up behind Cas and looping his arms around his waist, tucking his chin against Cas’s shoulder. Cas’s skin is warm under the thin material of his t-shirt. Dean presses his lips against the small strip of exposed skin on his shoulder.
So yeah, encountering a hooker isn’t out of the ordinary for him. But normally, it doesn’t affect him like this. Something about this girl’s obvious youth and hollow lust is putting Dean back in a place he usually doesn’t let himself go.
“Sure are.” Dean grins again and pulls Cas closer, if that’s possible. “My silver fox.”
He lifts his head up, too afraid to turn around. Because he knows that voice. He knows that voice better than he knows his own, and if this is another trick, he really
Dean just sits there, hands on the wheel. He can hear the low buzz of summertime in Kansas through the open window, and God, he wants to kill something. He wants to pull the trigger until he sees blood, he wants to watch as something falls apart, he wants to destroy. That black hole excuse for a soul he’s got is rearing its head, ready to suck up everything good in Dean’s life, and for the first time in a long time, Dean’s ready to let it.
“Daddy?”
“Yeah,” he finally manages to get out; he
Jack doesn’t say anything, already asleep again. But the look on Dean’s face is tender, open, and he leans in and kisses Cas so gently it’s like a prayer, like a devotion.
“I’ll be quick.” The man is still in shadow, still just a silhouette. Dean’s hyper-aware of the potential danger, but the tone of this guy’s voice is so careful and gentle that he’s still standing here listening. “Is that alright?”
“What made you think about it?” Dean takes a big bite of his sandwich and fights the urge to pat himself on the back—he’s really outdone himself this time.
update!!! this now has some truly gorgeous art by goki <3 her tumblr is
“Daddy?” Jack says sleepily against his shoulder.
written for a touch prompt: after a tough day
, she might be younger than sixteen. Somewhere in his mind, Dean remembers that when he first started doing this, he was. “Why are you—”
Cas kisses him one last time. When he pulls back, his brow is furrowed like he’s thinking, and with all the solemnity in the world, he looks at Dean and says, “I hope we have enough vases.”
It’s been a year.
“Roast beef sandwich with a salad instead of fries, extra dressing on the side,” Dean cuts him off. “Dude, I know your gross-ass order.”
“It’s okay, Cas. It’s okay.” Cas watches the tears stream down Dean’s face, enraptured, until his eyelids are too heavy to keep open. “You’re okay. I’ve got you.”
having this discussion with Dean, he recognizes how difficult it is for his husband. “Sam and Eileen have the hunter network up and running—there are people to pick up where you leave off. It doesn’t always have to be you.”
“I love you,” Dean says. They’re both close, very close, and Dean hasn’t ever felt like this before. He’s been with plenty of people, has tried just about everything once, and never has it been quite like this. Never has it felt less like an action with an end result to strive for and more like an exchange, a mutual sharing, a way to give something to someone you trust, to say
“I made something for you.” Dean notices for the first time that Cas has one hand held behind his back. “I think you’ll like it.”
Dean blinks back suddenly burning tears in his eyes; he feels like a little kid. With a shaking voice, he manages to say, “How the hell do you know me?”
Cas runs his thumb across Dean’s cheek, and Dean has to wonder if this is how he looked at those gardens, awe and affection in equal measure, like just seeing them was a miracle. “I am too.”
“No more grave digging, okay?” Dean’s voice is muffled from where his face is squished into the pillow. “I am too fucking old for that shit. No more.”
Cas puts the book face-down on his chest, and tilts his head up. He’s still smiling. “Kiss me, Dean.”
“Um. Okay.” Dean realizes he’s still on the ground and starts scrambling to get up. He’s been rejected in more embarrassing ways, probably, but he sure can’t think of any. “Sorry, I’ll just—”
Dean presses a kiss to Jack’s head. “That was a good nap, bud, but it’s bedtime now.”
to say, but he doesn’t know how to. So he allows himself this last look, this last chance to see the man he loves.
Dean thinks of the guy who bought him a drink, his easy smile, the way he’d run his hands through Dean’s hair like he was somebody worth being gentle to. Dean doesn’t know what his name is—no use for names in this business—but for once, he kind of wishes he did.
“Sam told me what happened after you left. I’ve been driving around trying to find you—I wanted to make sure you were alright.” Cas is running his thumb in soothing circles on Dean’s knee, and Dean wants nothing more than to collapse into his arms and never leave. “I can go, if you want, but I—”
Last night, he and Sam had gotten into it in a way they haven’t since Chuck’s been out of the picture, yelling at each other in the middle of the kitchen like a bomb exploding.
He wants to look around more, but it’s getting late; Sammy needs to be up for school in a few hours, and he won’t get up at all without Dean making sure he doesn’t hit snooze on the alarm six times. So Dean starts walking back to the motel, head down and hands shoved in his pockets.
Dean realizes, then, that Cas is looking at him with one of his very best expressions: all sweet and gorgeous and absolutely adoring, a kind of unadulterated love there in his face that still makes Dean feel like his chest is a bottle of champagne with the cork about to pop.
“How much…” Dean swallows. Saying it out loud makes it real, and fuck, Dean doesn’t want any of this to be real. He doesn’t want this to have been his life. But it is. And it was. “How much do you think Chuck controlled?”
Dean runs a hand down Jack’s back, an absent soothing gesture, and says, “Let’s get him to bed, so I can get
Fog rolls easily across the surface of the lake, and Cas watches as a bird swoops low above it. The sun, still mostly hidden below the horizon, paints edges of warm oranges and yellows along the cool tones of dawn. Cas smiles at the beauty of creation.
“Listen, if I’m going to do this—” Dean’s voice gives out, and he takes a solid breath.
“What are you—”
It doesn’t take long for somebody to catch his eye, to incline his head, lead Dean around to the back beside the dumpster. Dean asks for the cash upfront, because he’s not stupid, and the man doesn’t argue the point. He hands Dean the money, then clamps a hand on the top of his shoulder and pushes him down, down, down.
For a moment, the night air cool around him and the crickets chirping peacefully, Dean lets himself believe. He imagines a future where Dad is kinder, and Sam isn’t fighting like hell to get away, where he isn’t fucking creeps for money and the hunts aren’t all so bad. He imagines a future where he’s loved enough that someone travels back in time to tell him.
?” Dean looks up at Cas with so much open trust and love that Cas is joyous with it, his grace singing out all around them. “Dude. It’s a hell yes.”
“Well, I only visited once, but it was lovely. Beautiful beyond description.” Cas frowns. “I wish you could see it.”
“Sweet,” Cas says, testing the way the word feels in his mouth.
Dean places his hand on the small of Cas’s back to get his attention, and is immediately rewarded with one of Cas’s best smiles, soft and warm and loving. Dean grins back.
Slowly, carefully, Cas makes his way out of the kitchen, and to the bedroom he now shares with Dean. The door is cracked from when Cas left earlier, and he can see the corner of the bed, the way Dean’s pulled all the blankets over to his side. Cas smiles at how familiar that’s become lately—it seems that with the luxury of his own bed, Dean is loath to share the covers; Cas steals them back all night long, but it works out because Dean puts up with his kicking.
“I’m dying.” His voice falters. Cas can see the stars, and he can see Dean, and he’s not ready to leave either of them. He’s not ready to die.
The fight had ended with Dean pouring all of his liquor down the sink while Sam watched. He’d gone to bed with a pounding headache and cried himself to sleep—so pretty par for the course, at this point in his life. He figures it could be worse, but he’s not sure how.
“That was weird,” Cas says, pulling his
He’s holding a bundle of white flowers from that bush in the yard—they’re the ones that Dean always smiles at when he leaves for work in the mornings, the ones he misses seeing most in the winter, his favorite of everything in Cas’s extensive garden. They’ve been tied carefully together with a piece of twine, which is looped into a crooked bow in the front. Dean remembers teaching Cas how to tie his shoes about a million years ago, back when he was still unknowable, back when Dean thought the thing between them would never go anywhere he wanted it to; now they’re here, in their house, with Cas holding out a bouquet of beautiful flowers that he put together just for Dean, tied together by his careful, gentle hands.
“It’s not—”
The storm thunders outside. Cas goes back to reading, and the next poem comes to life around them as Cas gently ushers it into existence with just his voice alone. Dean runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, and he listens.
And suddenly, the anger is overwhelming.
At that, Cas feels the knots in his stomach begin to unwind, feels his heartbeat slow to match Dean’s. He kisses the back of Dean’s neck, lips lingering on sleep-warm skin. Dean shifts closer.
Dean scrabbles for the hand still holding his face, and pulls it to his mouth, pressing a kiss to Cas’s fingertips. It’s clumsy, because Dean’s muscles are still somehow both coiled with tension and also complete mush, but Cas smiles; that alone makes the cracked-openness of Dean’s whole self worth it, makes Dean want Cas to keep taking him apart more than he ever really knew he could want something.
written after the tombstone script was released
Dad’s only supposed to be gone a week, but he’s gone two and a half. He calls Dean on the twelfth day and tells him he’s found another hunt in the next town over—he pointedly doesn’t give Dean a chance to tell him there’s no more money and that they need him to come home. Not that Dean would have anyway. The money has to last, and when it doesn’t, there has to be another plan. Dean knows that as well as he knows anything.
There’s only one real store in town, and they’ve already caught Dean shoplifting once—they gave him a stern warning that the police would get involved next time, so that’s obviously not an option anymore. And it’s not like they’ve been here long enough to make any friends who could help them out, no neighbors or friendly motel clerks or even any fellow hunters.
“Dean?”
He’s gone before either of them can say another word.
written for a touch prompt: for luck
Christ. Cas, I’m serious. No more grave digging. I think I pulled something.”
“Is that a yes?”
Dean snorts. “Bad joke, dude.”
Dean drops into the chair like his strings have been cut, and opens the first aid kit with shaking hands. He avoids Dad’s gaze as he dabs at the gash with an antiseptic wipe—they usually use vodka or something, but Dad’s just pissed enough and just drunk enough that Dean figures it can’t hurt to be extra careful.
a dick in his mouth at the moment. And then something occurs to him.
“Yeah,” Cas says quietly, tucking his face in Dean’s neck, enjoying the closeness but also trying to hide his embarrassment. “Is that okay?”
but his eyes are burning with tears anyway. Dean squeezes them shut, if only so he doesn’t have to see all that tenderness in Cas’s face, the gentle way he’s holding onto Dean. “Please,” Dean repeats in vain, a cry for mercy that he doesn’t understand. He’s never done this during sex before; there’s never been this cresting wave of overwhelming
They drift off like that, sick but healing, holding each other close. Despite having the flu, it’s some of the best sleep Dean’s had in years.
Dean manages to slip an arm around Cas and runs his hand up and down his back in a soothing gesture. It’s all he can do. “I know. I know, sweetheart, I’m sorry.”
Cas loves Dean.
“No problem.” The knots in Dean’s stomach are unraveling, but he still feels vaguely like his head is going to explode. Looking at her, he realizes he should probably give her some kind of advice, an
speech or something. Dean doesn’t know what to say, which is probably for the best, because he doubts it would really be that comforting. So he only says, “Just—just be careful. And go home.”
The TV is on mute, has been for hours. Outside, it’s storming, wind dragging the trees left and right, sheets of rain pouring from the darkened sky. Dean can see the edges of the storm from the window, the sight half-obscured by gauzy white curtains, but he’s more focused on the former angel in his lap and the sound of his voice.
“I gave up my powers.” He says it all in a rush, the way small children do when they’re worked up over something. “It took a long time, but it’s fixed, and Amara’s in charge, and I’m all done.”
Dean’s eyes are full of tears, and Cas knows he’s barely holding himself back from asking Cas not to go or trying to convince Cas to take him along. “I know,” Dean says. “I know you will.”
“What?”
“All I did was bring them soup! How was I supposed to know their flu would be so contagious?” Cas lets out a horrible hacking cough, then croaks, “But if you had just left me alone in here, we wouldn’t both be sick. It’s not my fault that we’re both slowly dying. That’s
Cas has fought celestial battles. He has seen the rise and fall of human civilizations, he has razed cities and healed kings, and he has been the only thing outside of God’s control. Yet somehow, someway, he is being bested by a pan of scrambled eggs.
“Not really,” Dean says instead. Judging by Sam’s expression, that lie doesn’t come across as particularly believable. “I just… I don’t know. We had to do some fucked-up shit as kids. It wasn’t a great way to grow up.” He feels his grip on the mug tighten—his knuckles are probably white. “And why? Just to screw with us?”
no longer operational. He moans as Cas thrusts again, slow and sure, like he’s been doing this with Dean for centuries, like this isn’t the first time he’s known Dean’s body so intimately. “I don’t…”
“Uh, I was…” Cas glances back at breakfast, and he thinks it looks measly now, small and poorly put together. “I made breakfast. For you to eat in bed.”
“So… you interested?” The girl’s eyeing him warily, and he realizes that he’s just been staring at her this whole time like some kind of fucking creep. Jesus. “If not, I can—”
Cas looks at it, almost overcome by the implication of what Dean is doing. “I know,” he says breathlessly.
“I was.” Cas clears his throat. “The, uh, scar is a physical manifestation of something much deeper. Raising you from Hell was difficult for both of us, and the experience created a… bond, you might say, between my grace and your soul. It left marks on us both.”
“Not really,” Cas sighs like the author has personally disappointed him. “It’s a little tedious, but I do want to see how it turns out.”
“I love you,” Cas says.
“Do you want to stop?” Cas says. Again, he sounds so soft, so kind. Dean thinks that if he said yes, Cas wouldn’t be upset; he thinks that Cas would pull out and then pull him close, content only to hold him all night, and that if Dean wanted to be left alone altogether, he thinks Cas would do that. He thinks Cas would do whatever would make Dean feel good.
Dean bristles. He’s got a good amount of cash in his pocket, and he’s
“It’s okay.” Dean’s voice is soft, wavering with emotion but still soothing. Cas’s grip on his soul is fraying, but he hangs onto it while he still can, listening to Dean’s voice and feeling that warm golden light. “It’s okay, Cas. I’ve got you. I’m here, and I’m not leaving. I’ve got you.”
Cas kisses him warmly and then drops his head back into Dean’s neck like that’s his own personal pillow or something. Dean doesn’t even bother to make fun of Cas for calling sex ‘intercourse’ like the nerd he is. Dean just pulls him closer, holds him tighter, and lets himself breathe easy.
“Hey, sweetheart,” he says, glancing over at the bartender’s disappointed face. Dean resists the urge to pump his fist in victory.
“Babylon,” Cas says casually, like that’s something everyone thinks about in their daily lives. He takes his Coke and the sandwich—Dean made sure not to put tomato on it because of Cas’s whole thing with textures—and adds, “The Hanging Gardens, specifically.”
Cas laughs quietly. He marvels at the turn his life has taken to get him here. He thanks the God that isn’t there for it. “Then let’s go.”
.” Dean looks at him incredulously, but it’s good-natured, fond. “You’re as bad as me. I’m telling you, this is great. I don’t think I’ve ever had breakfast in bed before. And it’s…” Dean goes red again, this time all the way to the apples of his cheeks, but he continues on valiantly. “Nobody’s ever done the shit you do for me. And I’m so fucking lucky, it’s ridiculous, and I…” The hush of their bedroom seems to grow, to expand, as Dean glances at the tray then back at Cas with some huge emotion behind his eyes. “I love you.”
“You’re not.”
Some of the tension in Dean’s chest loosens. “Okay. Okay, great.” He claps Cas on the shoulder, which feels weird all of a sudden, but he’s not sure what to do about that. “Let’s get inside. We’ll drink a few beers, finish the night out the right way.”
, please go give her some love for creating something so incredible and just generally being lovely!
“Dude, the waitress hasn’t come back yet?”
“We don’t have to discuss it.” Cas, as he sometimes does, refuses to meet Dean’s frustration with the righteous anger Dean
Cas collapses on top of Dean, finally dead weight after holding himself up for so long. Dean lets out an over-dramatic
He glances up. A woman—no, he thinks as he gets a good look at her, a
“Yeah?” Dean instinctively wants to freak out whenever Cas shares something like this, something that reminds them both that he’s almost incomprehensibly old and infinitely powerful; but he also knows that it makes Cas happy to share his past with Dean, and the desire to see Cas smile wins out over any kind of stupid, human inferiority complex. “Was it pretty?”
“Jack?” Cas says breathlessly.
“I…” Dean’s brain is short-circuiting. It’s sparking, at the very least, smoking and sizzling and
written for
“Hey.”
Dean, I’ve never felt like this.”
Cas figures he can at least make some toast to go with it. Unfortunately, he forgot to buy more bread at the store yesterday, so there are only three pieces left, two of which are end pieces. He toasts them all, gnawing on a thumbnail and trying to convince himself that Dean won’t hate all of this.
There was something about that guy, Dean thinks. His raw sincerity, the things he knew about Dean, the way he talked to him like they’d been talking to each other for years. It couldn’t have been, but it felt real. It felt so real.
“Still you.” But Sam kind of smiles, and Dean feels his heart lift. This is what he knows: finishing up a good hunt, messing with his little brother, eating in a skeezy diner. It’s about as close to being content as people like Dean ever get, anyway; he’s missed the feeling, these past few years without Sam—having it back feels good.
“Don’t spend it on anything stupid, Dean. This is for you two to eat,” Dad says. He doesn’t have to say that there isn’t any more, that he’d better figure out how to stretch it if he needs to—Dean already knows all of that.
“Sorry you didn’t get to lose your angelic virginity,” Dean says as he pulls the Impala to a stop in front of the house, still half-smiling to himself.
Dean’s not really an anniversary guy. For most of his life, there wasn’t anything good worth remembering in his past, just dates of death and twisted endings and the usual terrible shit, so he didn’t bother with it. Now, though, things are different. He has good stuff to remember—his marriage to Cas, the first day they were free of Chuck, Jack’s birthday, Sam and Eileen’s anniversary—but it’s not really in his nature to lean into the sentimentality of them. He celebrates for the sake of the people he loves, but left to his own devices, he’d just smile to himself and move on with his day.
“Sorry, pal,” Dean says, taking care to keep his voice light and jovial. “I’m done working for tonight. Gotta get my beauty rest.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean is smiling so hard his face is going to hurt; God, married life has really made him soft. “What is it?”
And hey, it’s been a long time since that was something Dean only dreamed of hearing Cas say, but a year and some change later, the novelty still hasn’t worn off. Inside Dean’s chest, the cork pops, and champagne spills over, sweet and bubbly.
Dean blinks.
Dad says nothing, only tilts his head to motion Dean forward. Even in his fear, Dean can’t disobey his dad. Slowly, he walks across the motel room. He glances over, and thank God, Sammy is still fast asleep in his bed.
come apart.
Dad sneers. “What’s her name?”
And it’s been a long time since he did it in the dirt like this, but he drops to his knees. He feels Cas’s gaze on him like physical touch, and glances up. Cas’s expression is impossible to read. Dean figures—hopes—he’s just nervous.
“What?” Cas seems genuinely shocked by that. “Never?”
that fucking move. “And I can wait for your brother to leave, if you want.”
Cas isn’t sure what he was expecting Dean to say, but that wasn’t it. “What?”
“I am.” Dean presses another kiss to his husband’s skin, this one right below his ear. “And you know what? I happen to find grizzled, grown-up Cas pretty fucking hot.”
When it’s over, Dean stands there, unmoving. It’s final, now. The ashes are scattered, and Cas is gone, returned the Earth he loved so much.
“You seemed too peaceful to wake up.” Even in the darkness, Dean can tell Cas’s eyes are twinkling. “And I’m always happy to carry you.”
Dean has just enough self-control to set the bouquet down on the table before he gets his arms around Cas. He kisses his husband deep and full, intense and so stupidly in love. Cas, of course, barely misses a beat, and it’s not long before they’re completely wrapped up in each other.
?” Dean sits straight up in bed, sniffing around in the air like a bloodhound and apparently completely awake. Cas rolls his eyes and flops over into the warm spot he left behind, pulling the covers up and over himself again. “I can’t believe I didn’t smell that. Damn, Cas. You outdid yourself.”
“Yes sir,” Dean says. The cash in his pocket feels heavy, and he prays to God that Dad won’t push for more information or ask any questions. “I’m sorry.”
And so he does. Cas starts to move again, still so careful, still with all the affection and the attentiveness of a man in love, and Dean keeps crying. Sounds echo in the small space between their faces, moans and whimpers and sobs and, when one thrust makes a funny sound, laughter.
So they sit side-by-side in bed on top of the covers, sharing bacon and toast, sipping coffee between secret little smiles, and Cas relishes every bit of it, every human moment. He watches Dean chew, enraptured by the image he makes: the sunlight behind his head a halo, the holiness of his soft grey shirt and sleep-mussed hair, and all of it, eclipsed the golden shine of a soul Cas can no longer see but can feel—even in his humanity, he knows he can feel it.
“Will it—” Dean swallows, and finds himself grateful that he can’t see anything but the outline of Cas’s face. “It’s gonna be okay.”
“Cas?”
“Y’know, my mom used to do this for me,” Dean says, just for something to fill the quiet. “When I was sick, she would rub my back and sing to me.
. He makes sounds he’s never heard himself make before, arching up off the bed and holding onto Cas for dear life. It drags and it drags between the two of them, sweet and slow and steady, until finally,
Dean stares. Earnest, sweet blue eyes stare back at him, and not for the first time, Dean wonders how he got so lucky to make it here.
“Sorry,” Dean says quietly. There’s no reason to whisper, but under all these blankets, it feels like their own little world, something precious and safe, despite all the clammy skin and used tissues; he wants to keep it that way. “I know this sucks.”
written after i saw
“I don’t care about that,” Dean says, a little more awake, his voice sure and strong. “I’d eat concrete if you made it for me.”
“Really?”
When Dean is finally standing in front of him, Dad gives him a once-over. He’s clearly not impressed with what he’s seeing. “Where have you been?” Dad says, voice low and dangerous.
Cas pulls him close, then, and Dean’s definitely crying, and they’re on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere, and the sun is beating down on them. The gaping hole in Dean’s chest is empty and angry.
The next time he sees you, he talks to you. It happened in the kitchen, this time. He was under the sink, fixing up a pipe that must be leaking. You are standing around. You’ve been feeling better recently, less lethargic. You’re not as angry about your inability to sleep as you used to be, but the heaviness is still there, the tugging feeling. It may not be leaving anytime soon.
“It must be Jack,” Cas concludes. “He brought me back last time, he must have brought me back again.”
You feel anger, suddenly, the piercing pain of betrayal. You thought he loved you but he’s actually just trying to get rid of you! Maybe he’s on to you somehow, has realized that you’re not Cas, you’re not his beloved, and now he will kill you.
“Dean.” You say, you remember, you
“Cas. Cas, wait.” Dean pulls back. He feels a tingling on his mouth, reminiscent of scars he has gotten the multiple times he has gotten his lip busted, but he chooses to ignore it. He knows he’s in trouble. He can see it in the way Cas is looking at him, and he’s terrified “Cas…”
he should hold on. Maybe the portal will take him after all, maybe he can repent for his sins on Earth, with Dean, just to take that terrified look off of Dean's face. But then he remembers himself, remembers what he has done, remembers that Leviathans are after them, and holding on to Dean is just holding Dean back from safety. Dean needs to leave, away from all of this.
“I have psoriasis. I want to know if it’s mine or his.”
It’s been how long? Almost a year? And he is only now holding Cas. He is only now, finally, acknowledging the frightful relief of having his angel back, no matter how human, no matter how confusing and devastating their goodbye was. Dean feels like he might cry of happiness right now. Cas is alive, and he’s well, and he’s standing in front of Dean. Despite the circumstances, Dean can’t help but be happy.
After that, the man starts calling you Cas. He stops talking to you in your head and starts talking to
Cas smoked for the first time the day Dean dropped him off at the Gas-and-Sip.
Something moves inside Dean. Suddenly, he can’t breathe.
A sigh. A shift. Dean can hear Cas step back, move towards the door. A pause. Dean wants to turn around, to follow, to speak. He stares at the burners instead.
He's on his third notebook refill before he starts talking about Cas.
You feel a pang of jealousy towards this, this ability to fall asleep that the man possesses. You wish you could fall asleep, but you’re stuck in this disembodied state, aware of your surroundings the entire time. You watch him sleep. His long eyelashes are moistened by the tears of a while ago, and his face looks soft in slumber. You wonder why he is so lonely. You feel heavy, like something is tugging at you. You wonder if the man’s loneliness is permeating to yourself.
Which is why right now, Dean is taken by surprise at how much he doesn’t know what to do or say.
Sam gives him a pep talk about it.
You two settle on a routine. He leaves a documentary on for you before going to work, and you let walruses, owls, and snakes occupy your time for at least an hour and a half. After the film is over you find yourself in the backyard garden, observing the ants, the birds, the squirrels, making your own documentary in your mind. Occasionally, insects would pass by, and you would feel immense joy. You love nature, and it seems to love you back.
“Cas?” He asks. “Sit here?” He says as he pats the left side of his bed. So you do, even though you have a growing suspicion in your being. He’s not telling you something.
A beat. Dean feels Cas relax back onto his shoulder, and Dean lets out a sigh of relief.
He does it almost immediately after he and Cas reunites, chirpy from having his angel back. Cas notices, recognizes that Dean is humming a song he has heard once, maybe in the impala, although he's not sure. Dean is still wary and alert, of course, what with all the monsters they suddenly attract now that monster beacon Castiel is on their side, but there is a buoyancy in his steps too.
You don’t know. You only know one thing: you wish you were, so this man can love you, too.
A ring.
for him. But what about Jimmy? This is his body too, after all, and perhaps he has had this before Castiel. Cas doesn’t remember. He finds that humanity has busted up his recollection skills.
Finally, Cas opens his eyes in defeat. “I can’t heal you. My grace, it must be fully depleted now.” Cas looks up, face all forlorn, and Dean would rather prefer the frustrated, irritated look over this. “I’m sorry.”
Dean waits for Cas to make the first move.
“Cas, you awake?”
He first noticed you amidst the dust floating around in the gingerly lit living room one yellow afternoon. It was one short glance in your general direction, followed by a long, pointed look. You knew then, instantly, that he had seen you, somehow.
And so Dean does.
“Look at you, Dean. You think he’ll want to talk to this? You think he’ll want to come back to this?”
instead. You. He talks to you as if he can see you. And sometimes, he does, and you can tell by the way he jumps in surprise. But every single time, this surprise turns quickly into an excited smile. He thinks you are Cas. He loves you for this, you realize. This, being a play pretend, of him pretending you’re Cas and you pretending for him. It’s worth it, you think. You have felt the tugging feeling in you disappear a bit, and you don’t know if it’s because the atmosphere has been lighter since the man started acknowledging you because he is happier or because you are.
He doesn’t have a picture of Castiel. He draws him from memory.
Cas takes a deep breath. Dean does not dare interrupt.
, is not as traumatic as the first time. He has a home now, for one. He has Sam and Dean, good food, toiletries that aren’t the cheapest he can find in the dollar tree, and excellent water pressure.
"I heard your every prayer, Dean. I heard you beg for me to come back. I heard your pain, your longing."
“If you want I can tell him to call you back later.” The man at the other end says, his calm voice grating in Dean’s ear. Dean feels like he’s going to puke.
“Give me that,” he gestures to the ointment, and Cas gives it to him. Dean gingerly places some of the medication on his finger, and starts rubbing it into Castiel’s back.
“I am not holding anything against you.” Cas rebutts. “You weren’t talking to me. You weren’t even looking at me. I lost Jack, I lost my grace, and apparently I was going to lose you too. So I left, before you inevitably ask me to.”
It finally sinks in, all those witchcraft books.
“Dean I can’t ask that of you.” Cas says with a slight tilt of his head.
Then the man comes home and greets you. You have found out his work by now: he told you he was a mechanic in a shop in town. He washes up, cooks, cleans, and tells you about his day. He puts on a show or movie to watch rarely, otherwise he sits down and reads tomes of books that look fascinating. Most of them involve witchcraft or angelology, which you find to be quite a weird topic of interest for the man, but given that you’re a ghost you figure you can’t really judge.
The man leaves five times a week throughout the day.
Late into the night he would yawn and declare into the room, “I’m going to bed. You can come with me.”
“Well, we’ll deal with that then.” Cas responds.
“You know!” Dean remarks. Cas gives a slight, sarcastic chuckle, and Dean knows he is cornered.
Dean sighs almost immediately. He runs his hands over his face and moves towards Cas.
At 11 that night, Cas promptly closes up shop and, instead of settling in in the storage closet for the night, walks out to the woods with the pack of Marlboros he stole from Dean, and a cheap, orange, plastic lighter that he picked up on the counter of the Gas-and-Sip. He walks around for a bit until he finds an old log in one of the dense parts of the woods.
“I’m not doing anything” Dean grunts. He buries himself further down the mattress.
"There, you're all bandaged up. You sprained it real bad, man, but at least it’s not broken.” Dean says with finality as he finishes up looking at Cas’ hand. Dean noticed the way Cas gingerly held it close to his torso and offered to take a look at it. They’re both fresh from the shower. Dean offered Cas a change of clothes, and now they’re both in t-shirts and sweats, and Cas’ hair is still wet and sticking to his head.
“What the hell am I doing?” He cries. He’s crouching down on the floor. You think back to ten minutes ago, when he entered the house and placed a beautiful ceramic bowl on the kitchen counter. It was adorable, with bees painted on the inside and outside. He proclaimed to have brought it for you, because you presumably like bees. Which you do, you have discovered, after the man left a bee documentary running for you while he ran out for an errand one weekend. You have been finding that you have a lot in common with this Cas, after all.
a voice in his head says.
Cas watches as the portal closes. He stares at the void it left.
“You know I keep you around for your good looks.” Dean jokes, and this earns him a smile from Cas. Dean straightens up but keeps on holding Cas’ hand. He has a question in his mind, and it is bouncing around idyllically. He doesn’t know how to ask it, how casual to make it sound, how to not give away how much he has been thinking about it, but this past three days has only cemented it in his head. And if he is right, Cas may want it too.
As the jacket catches on fire, you seem to grow weaker, much like you did when you tried to walk away from the house. Your particles are being separated. You are being destroyed. You take one last look at the man. You realize you forgive him.
Dean looks at the clock again. 8:02. Some guy is at Cas’ house at eight in the morning, answering his phone calls while Cas showers.
“Dean-” Cas murmurs. He wants to be angry, wants to want to push Dean away. But he isn’t, and he doesn’t. Instead, Cas lurches forward and kisses Dean back. Dean tastes like toothpaste, a minty flavour that Cas still hasn’t gotten used to in the weeks that he’s been human, but it’s pleasant in Dean’s mouth. Cas has imagined this, kissing Dean, during the nights in the Gas-and-Sip storage room when he can’t sleep, but his imagination is no match for the actual thing. Dean is surprisingly gentle with Cas, sweet and slow. There is an earnestness to the way Dean is currently sucking on his lower lip, and it makes Cas’ chest clench.
he responds.
“Is this what you want, Dean?” Cas sounds furious, even in the low whisper he is speaking in. Dean’s breath breaks; the slam against the wall is particularly harsh on his bruised ribs.
, you think,
Cas can’t bear it. He wants to speak to Dean, or at least see his face. But if Cas learned one thing from being God, of all things, it’s that restraint is of import. Just because you want something does not mean you can have it. He tells himself that he needs to remember that.
Cas feels like crying, but he holds it in. “It doesn’t bother you?” he asks.
to the nights of pure desperation, when Dean would just pray
“Sam told me that he gave you my number." A familiar, gravelly voice hits Dean’s ears as he washes the dishes in the bunker kitchen. He doesn’t even have to look to know who it is.
Cas’ face hardens. “You can’t even say it.”
But he doesn’t say it. He’s just tired. Maybe he has already asked for too much just by being here. Maybe Dean hates him, after all.
Dean scoffs. “No.” he says, with conviction. “It bothers me that you want to go.”
---------
And it is you. You feel it like an instinct, that jacket is the thing that tethers you to this realm. The man holds it in his hands for a while, staring at it for a bit, and you catch a glimpse of a red handprint on one of the sleeves.
Sam looks at him with pity.
you realize.
But it was Dean who said
You look at the man in front of you, and you see that he is wide awake. He’s looking at you too, and by the looks of it, he can’t stop looking. You don’t know how long he’s been awake, how long he’s been playing this one sided staring contest, but it seems like it has been a while. He has a look on his eyes, like delayed grief. You know why he has that look on his face. You know who this man is. You remember him.
The moment the knob clicks, Cas is all over Dean’s space, pushing the hunter against the blank concrete wall beside the door.
“I keep on seeing him” is what the man says on the line. “He keeps showing up and I- the first time I saw him I thought it was a trick of the eye,  but I keep on seeing him.”
Sam sighs. It’s like Dean can hear the gears turning on his little brother’s mind. “Do you want his number?”
When Cas wakes up, Dean is not on the couch anymore. He hears the flow of water from the bathroom; Dean must be brushing his teeth. Cas looks around the room, and his eyes land on the Marlboro box Dean has left on the side table of the motel room. He picks it up, goes over to the cabinet where he placed his work clothes, and puts the pack in the back pocket of his jeans.
“Couple months back,” Sam says with a look of guilt. Dean feels relief and anger all at once.
Son of a bitch
You will stay in that bed for quite a while, with your hand against Dean’s face, gently moving. For the first time since you gained consciousness in Dean’s bunker room, you will feel light, like you can float better than you did without a body. You will realize that the heaviness you’ve been feeling since day one was longing, a deep searing yearning, that Dean couldn’t help but project into you like a prayer, and you can’t help but feel. You will smile at the thought that Dean doesn’t feel this pulling longing anymore. You are here, after all. You are together, finally.
"We ran out of coffee grounds this morning"
“You only said those things because I was dead.” Cas says, defeat in his voice. “And you’re only here in my door right now because I left.” Dean just stands there and takes it. Cas continues, “I'm human now, Dean. I can't hear you anymore. There is only so much silence you can give me before I get the message.”
“What’s next?” Dean asks.
, you want to shout, and you try to. The lights flicker.
“You take the bed, I’ll sleep on the couch,” Dean says. He doesn’t even make an attempt to turn around. Cas swallows and blurts out an
Being newly human,
“Hello, Sorry but Cas is in the shower right now. What is it?”
over and over and over again. Cas often wondered during those nights if Dean was even aware of his prayers, or if it was just his longing that Cas heard.
The only thing left to do now is to get Cas out of the fucking empty.
It’s when the lesions climb up his back that he goes to a dermatologist in Lawrence.
Instead, he stood there, at the entrance, too stunned to move.
“Oh.” Dean responds.
the doctor says. He cringes at the suggestion.
Dean gulps. A shiver hits him, a coldness in his bones as his body anticipates the next few words out of Sam’s mouth.
“Cas.” Dean interrupts. He takes a step forward, following Cas’ footsteps. “Cas, what’s wrong?”
Eileen laughs at that. A hearty one. Dean can’t help but smile. “Yeah, feelings and stuff”
“No.” Cas crosses his arms in his chest, and the gesture looks so peculiar on him that it takes Dean out of it. “No. Because I was there Dean. And you didn't say anything. I have a life now. a home. You don't get to say it now.”
“Holy shit,” he proclaims. “It’s you. It’s really you.”
He also knows that Dean never smoked in front of other people, always deeming it a private, personal act, in a way that Cas thinks Dean isn’t even aware of. Except, of course, after a one night stand, of which Dean has had plenty, where he would smoke to signify the end of the affair. Is this what Dean is doing now? Subconsciously telling Cas that this is over, this is never gonna happen again, that this is a one night stand and that’s it?
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas speaks in an unreadable voice."Eric would have told me."
They sit there quietly for a few more minutes, until Dean has applied ointment on all the lesions on his back. It’s intimate, Cas concludes. There is no other way to put it.
. Cas thinks about it. He thinks and thinks and thinks. Dean still holds him in his sleep. Dean still hums when they have a moment of relative peace from monsters during their treks. Dean slices his way through purgatory, to the portal, to their way out. Dean doesn't know that Cas isn't coming.
“I think it’s time for us to live as just Sam, and just Dean, you know. Not tied together like that. I mean he’s my little brother, and I love him, but I think it’s time to live for myself now.”
“I’m going fucking crazy.” He says quietly to himself, and you realize that you love this man. Yes, in this moment of anger and frustration on his part, you found out that you love him. You know this because to see him hurt like this hurts you in unimaginable ways. You try to think back to when you have started loving this man, but you can’t think of an occasion. It just seems like you have loved him forever.
Cas stops thinking. He has made up his mind.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I want you here,” Dean says quietly. “Don’t move out. Please.”
“Why don’t you-” Dean clears his throat “Why don’t you scoot over and lay on my shoulder then?” Dean feels shy, but not embarrassed. He has figured out recently, with the help of his relationship with Cas, that there’s a difference.
talking about coffee of all things, in the bunker kitchen after-
. He thinks
. Dean let Cas explain things to his heart’s content, but the moment a lull in conversation occurred, Dean was out of the living room instantly.
Dean looks up. Sam’s voice is gentle, apologetic. He hasn’t used that voice since-
Dean feels happy, he must admit. It’s over now. What’s to be had has been had. They’re not puppets anymore. There is a relief to that, fuck was there relief
Dean nods.
The man lets out an exhale that can maybe pass as a sarcastic laugh on a better day. He slowly falls back down on his knees again, and continues spray painting the floor. You move back to where you were before, and you watch him. Occasionally, he would look up to where you are, as if to make sure that no one really is there. You find yourself wishing he can see you again, just for a while.
Putting on the ointment was horrible. It’s warm, and it feels like it’s going to stick everywhere. Dean has been changing their sheets more often than he ought to if Cas wasn’t scratching his way through skin every night (he insists on it, saying that Cas is a slob who doesn’t know how to tuck in the sheets properly). They have also been sweeping so much in their room. Cas knows why, so when he finishes putting on ointment on his legs, he turns around to Dean, who is currently getting out of his robe and into boxers and a shirt.
“You can call me again. If you would like.” Cas says, seemingly offhand. It’s an olive branch, an extended hand, and Dean is willing to take whatever he can get.
You raise your hands to your face to look at it. It’s there. You look down at yourself, and you see that you are wearing a trenchcoat. Familiar, though baggy. You truly are here. You hold your face in your hands. You are here.
They stand there for a while, Cas and Dean both silent, hands interlaced. Cas is avoiding Dean’s eyes, and Dean wants to pry Cas open and look inside. They have known each other for so long but it still scares Dean how much he doesn’t know Cas, not really. For him, Cas is as much an unknowable creature as he is his best friend and lover. Those things are not mutually exclusive, at least not anymore.
Dean may have been on the edge of panicking; he certainly was feeling a little bit ill. And it probably showed, too, because Cas reached out and placed his left hand on Dean’s shoulder, and earnestly whispered
Castiel hums in affirmation. Dean takes a steadying breath.
the doctor says. It’s the type that shows up when you acquire an infection. His doctor asks him whether he’s had strep throat before the flare started.
Dean picks up a mug off the plate rack.
Dean smiles and drives on through the night.
“When?’
Your first instinct is to be scared. You are a ghost, people are not supposed to see you. If you’re being honest, you barely see yourself sometimes. Often you are just a blob of energy, with quick glimpses down revealing a leg or an arm, but they disappear pretty much instantly, almost as if they are only in your mind.
So are you Cas?
“So you don’t want to stop hunting?” Dean asks, and he’s so sure, for once, of what the answer is that he almost feels giddy.
“I would like that, yes.”
“Dean.” Cas says in his exasperated voice, and Dean knows he got him cornered.
Maybe it just so happened that purgatory brings out something in Dean that doesn’t exist in other planes of existence. Maybe now that Cas is human, he has become useless, and therefore unlovable. Maybe Dean never really loved him, and Cas was just seeing things that weren’t there. He wants to say something, wants Dean to turn around and face him, wants Dean to explain all of this, at once. He wants to ask Dean things he’s too terrified to hear the answers to.
The preparation for Cas’ visit was a big deal, and everyone in the bunker knows it. Fortunately, by everyone in the bunker, one would mean only Sam, Eileen, and Dean. It’s one of those rare days where the bunker is empty of hunters passing by. Dean suspects this is Sam’s doing. Dean is grateful; he refuses to face it head on, but he is pretty anti-social.
"I don't know Dean. Why didn't you ask him to stay?"
The question makes Cas look away. Dean follows his eyes, forces Cas to look at him, but Cas won’t budge. “Yes.” Cas responds. “You were hurt. I couldn’t do anything about it.”
“Dean,” you say again, and this time he replies with the name he’s been calling you in your disembodied state, and you know it is the right name. You are Cas. You remember now. You remember everything.
Dean gives him a little wave, and Cas knows he is dismissed. He moves off into the store. For once, he doesn’t look back.
He knows the conversation is inevitable, and it’s not like he doesn’t want to have it. It’s just a matter of being ready, and Dean very much isn’t. So he has settled on locking himself up in his room and watching Netflix all day, going for food runs and showers during ungodly hours to make sure he won’t accidentally bump into Cas. Sam knocked on his door when he returned to the bunker a few days ago, and that’s pretty much all the social interaction Dean has gotten.
Dean is frozen in his spot. “Yeah?” he says.
You and the man will leave this room in two weeks. Or at least it was two weeks, based on how many times you have counted the man has slept for the day. You move into a beautiful, slightly dilapidated bungalow.
You expect him to be scared too. He doesn’t look scared, though, he doesn’t look like he’s seen a ghost, which is inexplicably what you are. He looks devastated. He gets up from the ground, where he is working out a symbol in red paint on the wooden floor. He’s been working on these symbols all day, on different parts of the house. You don’t know what they mean or what they are. In the last place you were in, there was no red paint on the floors. In fact, there was not much of anything, just concrete. Maybe that was because you were confined to the man’s room, though. You only saw the whole place earlier today, when you felt a small, tugging force take you out of that concrete palace, together with the man and a few boxes of his belongings.
Sam shifts on the balls of his feet. “He called me.”
Cas wants to enjoy this moment between them, is fully aware of what might happen next. Instead, he thinks of Dean silently driving him to the bus station the day he told Cas he can’t stay at the bunker. He thinks of sitting there in the passenger seat of the Impala, a small duffel bag of Dean’s old clothes in the backseat. He thinks about Dean packing up the bag, collecting up his own clothes that he doesn’t need anymore. Expendable. Like Cas. He thinks about Dean shoving the bag towards him, together with a wad of cash, his face almost seemingly apologetic, except Cas knows better, knows that if Dean really was sorry for him, they wouldn’t be in this situation in the first place. He thinks about how Dean refused to let him say goodbye to Sam, as if Sam wouldn’t even care if he’s around or not. He thinks back to Dean looking steely in the driver’s seat, silent and serious. There wasn’t any music playing, but Cas isn’t one to complain. He thinks about stepping out of the car, into the real world now, completely alone and with absolutely no idea how to survive. He thinks about looking back at Dean, who is looking straight ahead, refusing to meet Cas’ eyes. He remembers closing the door. He still wishes he slammed it shut instead.
Or when Gordon Walker was found drunk and snoring the evening away in what little remained of the haunted house, after being dared to go in.
Big, white wooden chairs settled in small circles and red plastic cups lazily scattered across the grass, wet and cold from the late evening air.
Dean is fueling up Baby when he hears someone curse not-so-under-his-breath.
will have your head on my plate. Covered in melting chocolate.”
The first time around, the sky is falling as they kiss.
Before I could even blink, he was gone.
“Oh, I-no. Yeah, I know, I mean,” he sighed, but kept blubbering, “I know. And I’m drunk and a mess and please-
“So, I guess you know how this works. Family heritage and all that jazz?”
I smirked: “You’re distracting me, Meg.”
“You’re shitting me.”
Then, after a moment: “You could come with, you know?”
Dean Winchester smelled of promises.
"I mean, it shouldn't be this hard" Dean trying to laugh it off, Cas nervously diverting his gaze "we've seen each other off a dozen times, and they were all more final, right?"
“At the game, I mean, I’m sure you could find a way to entertain yourself.”
He shrugged, clutching an apple between his fingers.
"I'm sorry, man. There's really nothing you can do, apart from calling a tow truck, at least."
I nodded, pointed two random lights in the distance.
A bit.
“Who is she?”
mother was gone, was me.
I stilled, whispered: “I’m getting a glass of water, me and Kevin are staying the night.”
“I do. I’m sorry Jess had to move, but there’s not much you can do about it. Except for letting it ruin your summer.”
Late July and I learned what it’s like to have your heart broken.
"Dean."
Gordon was too, acting like an asshole; nothing new.
There is a certain anticipation, in the mark Castiel feels burning on his arm, seems to forget about it as he holds Anna close to his chest, because he had lost her, then got her back only to have her watch him die. And come back, apparently.
“Truth.”
“A what?” Kevin shrieked, “You can’t do that here, it’s ten kinds of illegal.”
I huffed a laugh: “Or both.”
, filled with artefacts so obscure, you could not possibly tell if they were trash or treasures.
Until.
He smiles, wide and proud, and Dean smiles back.
I am.
“Castiel? He’s a little weird.”
"I'm sorry." He had meant for it to be a whisper, but what came out instead was a broken sob.
"You don't branch through this staff. You let it eat you alive."
I leaned back against my seat, our shoulders no longer touching.
“You know what my favorite ice cream flavor is.”
As the sun sets, he says “I love you”, like it’s not the first time.
I chuckled, then.
“I would never.”
Sam must have gotten rid of all the alcohol in the bunker, he supposes.
Sam laughs, Dean can only take his hand, squeeze tighter.
“Sweet and good with ropes, which is a bit weird, but I could have my fun with that I suppose.”
He grimaced: “Not exactly, it has more to do with being trapped in a metal box twenty feet from the ground than
The short man next to him also looks at camera, rolls his eyes and gags.
"Here."
A few hours after, the coat is burning in a pile of leaves and wood on the ground.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Yeah, I know that feeling. Back when my dad was still in service, he’d be gone weeks at a time, and Mom worked two jobs, so. Dirty diapers and dinner fell on me, don’t know how despite that Sammy turned out so good.”
had had, seemed like a prank of Gabe himself.
“We had just started dating!”
“I remember when you were just a kid, strolling around in a ravenclaw pajamas.”
When I flew towards the water, screaming inconsistencies, it was with feathery carelessness.
He fell silent for a few seconds, then spat out a laugh.
Years later, I’d realize it was a good memory to come back to.
It was so weird, in such moments, to think that this was Dean Winchester’s brother.
Sam frowned, blushed deeper: “See, that’s why I never tell you anything.”
“So, look who’s joining us, the legacy himself.”
He grinned, turning his attention to the group.
“They’re playing with
I could see Dean behind them, standing stiff behind them
I nodded, instead.
The old railway trail glaring at me under the scolding sun.
“She seems great.”
Blooming earth and looming soul, they say-
inconsistent and uneventful image would be how I would always remember him: framed by dusty sunlight, smelling of leather and engine and sweat, shirt dirty on the collar and bashful, open grin. Kind eyes.
Sam runs into them as they’re about to enter a Soap Shop Cassandra likes, greets them with barely feigned surprise and excitement, a grin the size of Texas.
When he knocks, the next day, and it's Cas at the door who looks at him as if he's just been shot in the leg, it takes everything in him not to run.
Gabriel had built so many expectations around the game, that the fact that it had somehow betrayed each and every one
“Why are you even here? I thought your hatred was mutual. If I get in trouble for this, I’m charging you.”
“Give that back.”
But it's too soft to be a statement, too low to be a protest.
Or when Dean chased after Lisa Braeden’s skirt, not bothering to come back a minute earlier than when he’d have to take Sam back home.
So long, and his eyes are closed and it's almost real, almost alright.
is still hell.”
The camera turns, focusing on the man sprawled on the couch, a kitten on his chest.
And he can hear his brother sigh, then, shoulder slumped and eyes closed, and maybe he speaks, this time, but how would he know; by the time they arrive at the emergency room, he’s unconscious again.
But Dean just smiled, it came off half-hearted: on his lips tasting like blood and sorrow and everything in between.
Of all the things he expects to find when he gets back, booze definitely isn’t one of them.
The windows are rolled down, the wind flowing through Cas' unkempt hair, the sun making its way across his throat. Dean watches him, scoffs:
Gabriel looks back at camera.
“Oh, for crap’s sake, it’s just a stupid jump.”
I sighed, tapping restlessly, now.
Or when they would exchange stories and make them up and just-
He shrugged, cheeks a bit more colored than usual: “Uhm, circumstances?”
He blinked once, twice, maybe three times.
“That’s
For a fleeting moment, I thought- he could kiss me.
Castiel looks at the clock on the wall like it’s going to turn any faster if he stares at it hard enough.
Dean looks down, asks for the keys. Sam doesn’t let him drive.
There was this place on the outskirts of town, half diner half amusement park.
And when you asked him,
So I asked, and then I acted.
“This is our break.”
Heaven seemed to get quieter, whenever we played. Vibrant in its expectations.
No more than a few weeks though, mindful of someone getting attached.
Almost. Maybe, not quite.
Castiel, this time, can relate way more easily.
“Well, he told it like it is, Walker” Dean said, “besides, kid worked for Crowley all day, he needs a break.”
He frowned: “Like a sleepover?”
"All right. Thank you."
Someone laughed, I simply paused to focus on the question at hand.
“Look, I’m-”
And now, with college just a summer away and fall right around the corner, he’d made it his mission to recruit them all at least once a week for a (not so) friendly game of good, ol’ American football.
“Oh.”
horror story that ends up with Coach Singer’s hairy ass I’m gonna punch you, Ash.”
easy.
I glared: “I’m barely two years younger than you. And will probably graduate before you do anyways, so I don’t think the
Castiel looked at him, at the blush rising up his cheeks, and smiled.
He brings a book with her, once, opens it when they’re lying on a worn sheet in the park.
He took a bite.
“It’s World History. And me and Cas don’t count.”
“Yeah, yeah. I heard about the boyfriend thing. I think he’s in a gang.”
, since I’m a gracious gentleman, you can bring a companion.”
“He wasn’t very pleased, obviously, but he couldn’t exactly force him to stay.”
She looks at him encouragingly.
“I missed
being twenty feet from the ground.”
“Does he live here too?”
“What’s this thing called, again?”
"It's good to see you, Jimmy. And who's this munchkin? Does she have a name?"
“Allegedly,” Ruby says addressing the camera, “nobody’s ever seen him.”
“Truth or dare, Castiel?”
It had been a gradual process, I think, one that had taken roots so many years prior I almost didn’t even recognize it as such.
“I meant, does it have a name? Like Halley or whatever.”
He’s singing.
Dean rolled his eyes: “Gracious my ass,” then winked at me, “what do you say, Cas? Up for an adventure?”
“I also know that Kevin kid, and Jo. And Cas is gonna be a junior this year, so he makes two.”
“I’m not going for Dean, I’m going for Sam, who I haven’t seen in a week. Dean played a hundred games all through high school, and I don’t recall having attended even one of them.”
She has a pretty voice, some pretty interesting stories to tell.
Castiel frowns, tilts his head for the second time now and Dean has to bite down something soft gnawing at his stomach.
The last thing Cas tells him, in return, is that it's not enough.
“You know me, Henricksen; I’m always up for a little action.”
He smiles at that.
“Did he really make you sign a freaking contract?”
He winks again in the same direction, blatantly blowing a kiss, and walks again.
But its strength lied in desperate hope that'd never been enough.
“This is proof...”
They fuck in the back of the Impala, parked on the side of the road as the sky still pours sunshine onto the ground.
“Really?”
She was raw, rude, unapologetic and unbelievably beautiful.
As Dean Winchester walked, I knew, in that moment, that
His smirk just widened “You sure? Lots of dangers in these waters, something might just grab you, and-”
Gabriel turns away from the camera, punches Balthazar in the arm. “Where do you think? Cubicle 6 spreads news around here like they’re working for TMZ.”
On their way to the hospital, Sam is silent, gripping the wheel so tight his knuckles may have turned purple, and he doesn’t look at Dean, spread out on the backseat, murmuring incoherently.
He gives her a smile that’s barely there.
“But speaking of distractions, I saw the golden boy, coming in. He was parking at the Roadhouse, could be headed here, next.”
“Damn right.” Benny grumbled in a fit of laugher.
He's only human, he tells himself, can only fight with himself for so long- and it's only coffee.
The stars are getting there.
He sobers up, offers a tissue for the cream dribbling on her chin.
She snickered: “Of course you don’t.”
“Truth or dare, Winchester?”
The air moved into the night, and someone dropped beside me.
“I missed you.”
Not a peep, not one for several moments.
It felt thrilling, though, when someone told you, winking, they would see you in Heaven.
It’s a video from a few months ago, around Christmas time. He’s in his living room, clearly fumbling to get the camera at a right angle.
“Hello, Dean.”
“You sort of were friends or they sort of were a pilot?”
I could, but the truth is, none of it would really matter, would it?
He came closer, whispering conspiratorially: “C’mon, buddy. You can tell me, I swear I won’t tell.”
“Almost what?”
It was overwhelming, even more so when Sam’s two-weeks romance with her little sister crushed and burned: it had been Sam’s first heartbreak, and I was determined not to burden him with my problems as well.
“What do you say” she whispered conspiratorially “you help us with the bonfire?”
Only, this time, no angel breaks the earth.
Anna, maybe- the thing with Anna, tough, was that she firmly believed that anyone could be capable of anything if they put their whole heart in it, and while it had always worked in her favor, I’d noticed life tended to go easier on fierce, confident, capable redheads.
- like he was talking ‘bout the weather.
That was new.
“You brought a kid? Why’d you bring a kid?”
any friends, but chose me as one anyways.
“Oh”, says Sam.
“Do you think she’s going to say yes?”
“She’s so badass, I swear.”
Dean nods.
He sobs, says “I hate you so fucking much,” and “Why won’t you return to me?”
"It's okay." He repeated, "I must go."
From its tan walls to the soft, worn leather couch to whatever smell radiated from Mary’s kitchen- more often than not, it was pie.
Michael and Luke already off to boarding school before I was even born, and Gabriel’s love, although deep, had always been volatile, lost in between one too many adventures and exotic dreams.
Simpler days, carrying with them a different kind of excitement, but which were nothing compared to this.
But somehow, they weren't.
She stared at me, gaping: “No. Way! What did Mr. G say?”
“What? It’s true! Y’all know ‘bout that Chuck guy, a weird little dude with a taste for alcohol and too much time and money on his hands. Hell, you called it when he eloped with Ms. Rosen, Barnes!”
And Sam is shaking his head, taking him by the shoulders and pulling him in.
That, I’d thought, I could have enjoyed.
"We are both just soldiers in the end, aren't we, Cas?"
I rolled my eyes: “How very kind of you.”
“Backpacking across Europe? Hustling pool in Honk Hong? Working as a stripper in Rio? Who knows, last I heard of him he was in Monaco
“This number has been deactivated, if you...”
He did, Dean had made him one sometime ago, after complaining about his taste in music, or lack of thereof. This didn't look any different.
She loved me.
Too smart for her own good. I never took the title lightly.
“I’ve got a bunch of siblings I’m not really close with, and an older sister who’s like a mother, father and hippie aunt all in one package.”
Castiel is in Pontiac, now, Jimmy tells him. So Dean spends a month getting drunk enough to find the courage to start the engine and so much that Sam has to force him away from the Impala before he drives in a ditch.
I was about to laugh, when-
“I can’t believe you’re going to see the band of brothers roll with each other in the dirt. You’re so whipped it’s borderline pathetic, Clarence.”
“It’s just,” she says “I don’t know anything about you.”
“I mean, he never sits with us at lunch and I invited him, like, once.”
Five years later, as he's holding a glass of champagne and eyeing the man at his side, Cas teases that his husband didn't even think they would survive growing up, but look at them now.
Sam mumbled an unintelligible reply, then turned to the window.
"Need a hand?"
The Impala rolled into the driveway as the sun waved goodbye.
Just leaned against whoever their heart was set on, because they could, because they were young, because it was supposed to be
I nodded: “Very much.”
Everything was a buzz from then on, people arguing over who should go first, and Benny and Ash trying to shove each other off the bridge before their time was due.
“You all good, there? Still in one piece?”
I didn’t realize it, then, but in a way, I did.
“Nobody’s seen him since.”
Castiel smiles, knocks their foreheads together.
“You do that, and you let me know, alright?”
I grinned back: “What makes you think that?”
Such a small detail.
As I resurfaced, the first thing I saw was Dean’s smile, broad and beautiful.
And then, then I wasn’t listening anymore, or maybe Charlie had stopped talking at all, because it was Dean’s turn, and he  was taking my wrist, squeezing once, and his lips were on mine.
And then.
“I’m hurt, Clarence, I thought you enjoyed my little visits.”
“Okay, rugrats, let’s get over this one more time. Just because I agreed to snoop you in doesn’t mean I trust you to do this right.”
He did. It's there, bruising purple. A hickey.
I sighed, kept scrolling through dozens of dusty pages: “Contact information of Mark of Cain Co., a cutlery and beekeeping independent company.”
Dean laughs: "Yeah, kind and also possibly a serial killer, I get it. But I'm only just heading south, I swear. Wouldn't mind company."
Dean’s apple was thrown in the trash, as he sauntered off shouldering his brother: “Bitch.”
“Alright, as amusing as this is, I think we might have to take you to bed.”
“What the hell does that even mean?”
rule applies.”
The fifth time around, there's not much left to the sky.
“And the rest of your family?”
Sam chuckled, handing me a soda.
He offered an easy smile, then winced.
He buys a bottle of scotch, downs it sitting on the ground next to the car, and waits for the sun to go down.
“I mean he doesn’t do much. The other day I asked him for photocopies and it took him four hours to get them to me.”
He looked at me, threw me a half-hearted smile.
Castiel looked at him with a tilt of his head, the one he did when he couldn't quite comprehend the situation- like the thousands jokes he didn't get and pop culture references he never understood and that one time Dean had leaned in, whispered something: things he couldn't wrap his head around for lack of knowledge, or lack of faith.
“I never got to be a father,” he’d said on their graduation day, “but I did end up with a bunch of pain in the ass kids anyway.”
“I swear, if I have to hear
"It's okay."
I just shrugged: “I guess.”
And he’s holding it out, the box, he’s opening and taking the tie and coat, leaves the mixtape alone.
“We need to investigate,” Gabriel says to Balthazar, “maybe on our break, we can do that.”
Ash was the first to dive in.
Some thought, as in
At that, Dean recoils.
"We met at the park, the other day, I'm Cassandra."
The burly man looks at the camera, smiles.
I had managed to secure two weeks between June and July, five hours each morning, nine to one.
“Not that much, actually, but I don’t mind it to be honest.”
Act or Shout.
“Excuse me if I refuse to deny the existence of almost nine hours of cinematography.”
He schools it almost immediately.
are, however, I had never believed them.
"Thank you."
No part of me existed, I realized, that didn’t thrum along with his being.
Castiel looked around, he could feel it in the air, but had not been brave enough to voice it.
I never had a mother, not even any real memories of her, but I’d always had Anna, never having to learn the difference between the two.
Pam went second, Victor and Benny cheering for her, cold soda spattering out of their cans.
“Speaking of the devil.” Meg murmured.
“I don’t care how much he pays you.
I tilted my head, then: “I don’t hate you, Dean.”
It wasn’t that far from the cemetery, so maybe someone had thought it funny- clever, even.
I did not stare. I did not.
Damn Benny.
“Sam insisted.”
It's dirty and fast and sweaty and perfect. Cas smells of earth and saltwater and, buried in the crook of his neck, Dean learns he smells faintly of leather and mint too, now.
I frowned, flipped the page of yet another notebook.
We were the last ones to leave, with promises to meet again just after dinner.
And it’s not that- he just can’t help himself, he really fucking can’t.
I could tell you about the way color had drained from Cas's eyes, the loud thump of his corpse against the ground, the even louder wail Dean let out; I could tell you about the sun shying away from its rightful rise, at the sight of him still kneeled beside Castiel, or I could tell you about the funeral, the way he gently tucked his feet inside the sheets, breath caught in his throat and his chest and just anywhere but his mouth; and I could tell you how Dean, from that, never really came back, of the feather inked across his heart and the one he hides under his pillow.
It’s fine, he tells himself as he lays on the bed, scrolls through his phone looking for pictures that are not there, cause if he can’t drown himself in booze, he can do it in sorrow instead; but there’s nothing tangible, here, no homevideos or polaroids, anything he has left is in a box under his bed.
“Castiel?” Gabriel asks.
Kevin rolled his eyes: “Dude, you tell me everything. You’re like a puking feelings-machine.”
“...make your voice, a mail.”
The Winchester household seeped nothing if not warmth.
, not freaking Beethoven, how can you not even remotely recognize the sound?"
Still, benches and tables and old rides lied scattered across the land.
He kept looking at me, expectantly.
The sign at the opening read
There was an antique shop in town.
So, in under three hours Dean has learned that his name is Castiel, because his parents were, apparently, religious freaks, and he has next to zero knowledge of anything Dean's stereo is playing.
From that very same window hidden by the roof, glimpsing on your room, I could have said.
Sam sighed, capitulating.
“But first...”
not how it works.”
And everything is just the same, except it isn't.
Ruby shrugs, unbothered, and smirks at the camera. “Still, there was eating involved.”
Dean watches him stroll through the crowd, he has a little girl hiding behind his leg and a ring sitting on his finger. That's new. He looks at him, at Sam, at the child, back at him again, and his chest is hurting with all the things he has been missing.
The coat, the tie, a cassette; but that, he won’t touch.
"Why would I?"
He can only nod.
The last thing Dean tells him, ugly and unfair, is that he loves him.
Fleeting and soft and over way too soon, before I even had time to kiss back, to touch his shoulder his chest, his face, anything.
“I used to be a pilot, you know.”
And Charlie laughing along with Kevin over something or another, Jo and Sam tucked in a corner trading kisses- how
don’t hate me.”
Looking back, morbid would have been more accurate, or a reckless marketing strategy at the very least.
I rolled my eyes, but felt warmth spreading all over my face.
Next to me, Dean let out a breathy laugh nonetheless.
- and gently responded –
“At that age, you don’t care about a damn thing,” he used to say, “so you won’t be caring about
“I wouldn’t say so. It was quiet eventful, for the other team.”
But Anna watches him, eyes deeper than he'd cared to remember, and says: "Castiel, there was nothing
When summer comes and goes, Castiel drives away with a promise heavy on his tongue and lingering lips on his forehead.
Bobby Singer had coached Little League for eleven years, before getting particularly attached to a specific batch of overactive kids and ending up stuck with them and a job at the local high school.
Balthazar throws away his coffee cup, “Can we go?”
Dean closes his eyes against the staining sunlight.
My father was kind, but distant, and as for my other siblings, it seemed we’d never taken the time to actually be a family.
I knew what she would have told me: to stop feeling sorry for myself, that
“Sorry, Bobby sent me here, said Crowley had something for him.”
Sam mumbled, barely audible: “What if I was already?”
"C'mon, man. It's
I actually chuckled at that.
And Dean tries to make himself smaller,
The bus is running a few minutes late, and then it’s a forty minute ride to the airport.
“What for?”
He smiled softly, leaned closer again. I could smell the alcohol. Tequila, probably.
Dean snorted, erupting in a fit of laughter:  “You’re so full of bullshit.”
He offered me an easy grin.
A blush crept up his neck, bright and pink above the collar of his t-shirt.
They make plans for the weekend.
Because of course she is, and Dean wants to tell her to get lost, that he doesn't really care, hasn't been able to for a while now, but piercing blue eyes are staring back at him for the first time in so very long.
Then, everything in between.
Sam finds him passed out on the couch, glass shattered on the floor and against his hand, maybe yells at him, but he doesn’t really remember much.
Dean holds back the tears.
He was there, of course I would. Of course I wanted to.
“Why don’t you go, too, Cas? While Winchester junior here and I have a little chat.”
A beat.
“I’m always in charge because, if we left it up to you two, there’d be no movie night at all.”
So, of course, half an hour later I was sever feet from the ground, shifting in the worn, bug-chugged wooden seats.
There’s been a time, when I was five or six years old- it had been Mother’s Day, I believe, and I had convinced myself the reason
I could feel my cheeks heating up, turning shade after shade of crimson: “I- I didn’t mean it like that.”
"I am not."
This time, though, this time his voice had felt like whiskey and honey all swirled inside one glass.
Dean smirks, petting the kitten until it closes its bright blue eyes, almost asleep.
A voice, then another and another.
“Oh.”
“Must be fun.”
Sam threw me a glance that spelled betrayal.
“Do you like it?”
Dean confessed to a prank Bobby blamed Ash for, then jumped.
Joshua leans against the broom, puts a hand in his pocket.
“I think it’s a great idea, Sam.”
“Dean...”
Then: “A purple, double headed dildo.
“Jessica Moore, she’s a freshman so it’s not like you’d know her.”
Then, he prays.
“I figured.”
“Lover boy here needs to loosen up, your majesty.”
“I’m actually... I make this stuff work. Not many people know that, but yeah, I guess you could say...” he puffs his chest a little, “I’m kinda the boss, around here.”
“We should give it one, then?”
“He’s the rest of my family.”
Even then, especially then.
Dive.
“Meg caught him making paper clip chains once,” he says chuckling, “but who am I to judge? Whatever gets you through this god awful 9 to 5, am I right?”
Reckless, incredible, talk-of-the-school Meg had picked me, among a crowd of kids, to be her friend. Not because she needed to, not because I was the new kid everyone sort of felt sorry for, not because she had a crush on one of my siblings, but because she had wanted to.
And Cas was touching his cheeks and holding his face and his gaze and his soul.
She thumbs the pictures, explains the story, starts reading bits and pieces of it in between plot points.
Her dog runs him over, that’s how it happens, and she apologizes and tilts her head and he just, he needs to get out, out, out of here because he can’t breathe, and his eyes sting and he knows, it’s not the light.
Sam rolled his eyes, sighing.
She rolled her eyes, unaffected.
“Not fair!”
He sees him at the farmer market Sammy forced him to, same chapped lips and dark hair and crystal eyes. He sees him and he stops, slams against his larger than life brother who's giving him a look, tugging at his sleeve, asking him-
They bump into each other again at the grocery store, and this time she doesn't let him run away.
He laughed, then, full and ungraceful against the apple. I had always found Dean attractive, but in those stolen moments, one could not describe him as anything but beautiful.
They did.
“Sure, I just- I’m not really a fan of, uhm, heights.”
How mr. Blue Eyes even made it to a parking lot is a mistery in the first place.
In the water, his tongue had the taste of the river.
We were close, so close then, and he was leaning in- closer, closer, closer still.
She shrugs, “She’s family.”
Dean groaned, hand passing over his face tiredly.
He was next, apparently.
“Well, not for nothing, maybe.”
"I-I am not good with words, emotional retard or whatever it is" he forced out a laugh, but it came out wrong, and sounded more like a constricted choke than anything "but I didn't want anything left unsaid between us, so…"
And then, because Dean is so righteous and mr. Blue Eyes could very well be nicknamed mr. Hot Stuff, he offers him a ride. Which he declines.
It played jazz, mostly.
“Likewise, I’ve heard so much. I’m Cassandra.”
“...First, we say goodbye.”
“Sammy, don’t take this the wrong way, it’s just… I wanna take this slow, be quiet about it.”
“Bobby had a last minute family emergency. I texted Jo, nothing serious, but I’m off the hook.”
The child glares at him, tells him she does and it's Claire, thank you very much. Dean likes her.
I placed a hand on his forearm, squeezing gently.
Jo wined: “C’mon, man!”
Eventually people started talking, guy didn’t even have a place to sleep, some said he didn’t. And he was- he was a bit all over the place, ya know. Wicked smart, mind you, seemed to have a word on anything, but he would tell stories, sometimes, about his family, these two men who supposedly had saved the world.
Despite being younger, though, Sam carried a certain wisdom with him, one that had never failed to reassure me in the early stage of our friendship, when I’d feared to come across as apathetic, or intense- no in between; his kindness, now I knew, was beyond his age as well, and perhaps beyond this time- I was positive no one would ever dare to turn down his affections.
He chuckled, bumped my shoulder.
The boy merely rolled his eyes, hid a knowing smirk behind a gulp of beer.
“And where would the fun be, then?”
and smaller.
They pulled apart, but still refused to let go, foreheads close enough to be pressed together.
“No.”
He falls against the pillows with a loud thump, phone tucked against his neck-
“Or both.”
“You’re an idiot.”
There's nothing left to tell, to this story, it would be to no avail.
“Oh.”
After they've put the Devil back in its cage, they kiss the blood off each other's lips, and everybody is there to witness it.
I wanted nothing more than to shake Sam, tell him to stop questioning his own happiness so much, that if anyone deserved a sappy, typical high school romance that was him, so he should just stop getting in his own way, but in the car, as we were approaching home, Dean beat me to it.
When they say their goodbyes, he closes his eyes, says: "Goodnight, Cas", and it's been so long.
Dean’s team lost by not-so-few points, from what I gathered.
, others dared say he was being a bit more literal.
"I wanted to give you something" he stuttered on his words, looking down as he reached into his pocket.
I shrugged: “I swear almost anything Crowley does business with sounds either fake or illegal.”
That was also the first time I was allowed in my father’s office, up my father’s plush, deep red, leather chair, on my father’s knee- his handkerchief softly drying any tears I had left.
He already packed and put his coat on, and he’s bolting through the elevator doors before the clock can read 5.01.
“It’s not for you,” Sam says.
He beamed: “Wise choice, man. That’s why you’re always in charge of our movie nights.”
He’d just look at you, all bleary eyed and obvious,
"What did you do?"
“That’s good! Imagine if you were in love with her.”
The third time around, they fail miserably; so much that the beginning feels way more like an end.
“I have a brother.”
And Benny, who I liked well enough.
"This is different."
Except that what restrains the angel is not so much as a sense of duty as is a fierce protectiveness towards his kin, and a bone-deep love for a father whose voice he can't remember anymore.
The catch was, it had closed nearly ten years prior.
“Alright, motherfuckers. No kinky shit.”
And then I was under, head below the water and Dean’s hands sliding across my shoulders, squeezing to keep me there a second longer.
There was an old, disused railway bridge skirting upon the river across town.
There was grass grazing my legs, warm air against my face and everything around-
The shadows tower under Dean's knees, his nails scraping dust and fabric and digging into the palm of his hand hard enough to bruise.
“You don’t get it, Kev.”
“One minute, Sammy, just one.”
Dean huffs a laugh. It dies as soon as Cas murmurs: "A love bite."
Another beat.
“An idiot with a 121 i.q., I think I’ll live.”
He meets her on a June afternoon, the sun so fucking bright it hurts his eyes.
Undress.
Castiel squeezes back.
"I think I should go."
One night, legs naked and tangled on the carpet, Cas asks him why now.
“You do?”
She smirked: “Alright, I’ll consider it.”
There was an edge there, one I couldn’t put my finger on.
“I thought your dad had tried before, what changed?”
is a tradition I worked hard to establish, so
He sighs, winks at somebody in the distance.
When they finally draw back, Dean brings a hand to Cas’s face, brushes his knuckles against Cas’s cheek.
A beautiful smile.
“Of course.”
are you looking for?”
Dean with his wide grin and gruff voice and, oh.
"Are you okay?"
He ruffled Sam’s hair, who softly growled at him.
He stuck around here for a bit, bought this place, renamed it Heaven.
“So what’s he doing now?”
They are teenagers whisked away by the wind, Dean behind the wheel of the car his dad gave him for his birthday, Castiel only a breath away, as he has always been since he had moved into town, nearly a decade before, when they were just kids whose eyes could lock mischievously and fingers graze without any pretense.
“Yeah, you’re sorry. Good, you’d better be.”
Bela leans in, whispering: “I heard he’s in jail.”
He wants to explain himself, say he’s sorry Sammy is stuck with this mess, but instead just mutters that he needs more time.
“The worst.” Castiel replies, going to sit with him and pointing the camera at them both.
When they discharge him, when he’s back in baby, her leather stained with blood, Sam looks tired and stressed and so worried.
But he whined, insistently.
“Do you think it would be weird to date a friend? A close one.”
A beat.
Charlie laughed: “Man, your family is bonkers. Why did he even quit anyways?”
“We have,” I chimed in, “I just put on the first Lord of the Rings.”
“This is Castiel...”
He understands, really. He’s only gonna be there until they find somebody better suited for the job, so why bother making small talk or half hearted dinner plans.
And then, he burst out laughing.
When he goes to bed, that night, he opens the drawer where he hides his secret stack of liquor and it’s empty.
He'd at least die happy, he muses, on the interstate with his destination filling the air.
It was so soft, so inviting, but he couldn't, he wouldn't will himself to look at him and know he never would be allowed to again.
Same old spot, same old people, same old recipe.
Almost as if it was rooting for you, howling winds like anthems.
It still wasn't.
“God, you sound just like my brother.”
Before I could process any of that, he turned to the sink and threw up.
He finally allowed himself to look, the hands still clutching his arms moving to his neck, holding even tighter.
I remember thinking- this isn’t for me, and looking at the road, knowing so little, and musing about how whether or not I’d be there for the next comet passing through: how it wouldn’t have cared, if it had my eyes burning.
He drops a kiss against her hair, “It’s beautiful, Cas.”
Kevin halted, stopping Sam as well with a hand on his shoulder and a serious expression on his face.
It takes him another few months and countless meetings in a basement of a church before he heads out again. He stops for the night and stays on the phone with his sponsor until he falls asleep, hand going lapse against the neck of an unopened bottle of Jack.
Me glaring back.
"It doesn't need to be".
As I closed the door behind me, though, I was surrounded by a whirlwind of red hair and affection, my sister’s comforting scent keeping me afloat.
“You should break up with her.”
“Damn, LaFitte. What the fuck? That was fucking deep, man.”
Still, that doesn’t mean he has to like it when he’s reminded of being the odd one out first thing in the morning, squished between Zach, the head of IT, and Gabriel’s arguments, while Balthazar and Bela compare last night’s shenanigans. Not even Becky, the receptionist, bothers to raise her head long enough to acknowledge his good morning with more than a hum.
Charlie and I turned towards the border, as she kept talking.
“You’re taking ‘nitiative. I like that.”
And, you have got to be fucking kidding me.
“Dean! Aren’t you supposed to be at practice?”
Bela, next to her, rolls her eyes, “You didn’t invite him to lunch, you invited him into the Janitor’s closet.”
"Fuck."
And it was heartfelt and genuine, shining right through his eyes and making Dean release the sigh he hadn't realized he'd been holding.
Gabriel is unconscious on the floor, and the stranger who has the lights flickering around looks at the dagger in his chest with a smirk playing on his lips.
Not that anyone minded, really, there were few people loved the way Coach Singer was loved by his boys.
He eyed me, then, eyes crinkling slightly with a smile: “Heya, Cas.”
Fuck.
I rolled my eyes, tapped the pen a few more times against the counter.
“Reminded me of Meg for a second and I began to question my taste for twisted brunettes.”
Third time’s the charm, they say.
"I guess this is the goodbye."
“I doubt Gabriel would consider me one, Charlie.”
It would not; they had never relied on Fate that much anyway, having learnt a long time ago the path of a man being carved on his skin is made of scars rather than birthmarks.
I smirked.
“It doesn’t, I’m afraid.”
"Well, looks like you got your hands full in the meantime, huh?"
can cheer you up.”
He taps Dean's knuckles against his collar: "We both are."
I knew, but somehow, hearing it in my head wasn’t as effective as letting her voice lull me into the realm of possibilities.
“Dean!”
I shrugged: “She practically raised me.”
Graduation comes way too fast, and Dean worries, he worries that two states away will be too far, that other people will be too much, and that whatever kind of love high school had bestowed upon them had never been enough to begin with.
“Y’ know, the genius part was actually believable, I mean, you’re pretty damn smart, but you kinda went too far with the forest thing.”
Gordon stomped, but the others chuckled.
And I wondered-
Anna had always been the only family I’d needed, though; Dean Winchester, so many years later, would be the first one I wanted.
They were standing close enough under the flickering streetlamp, the earth smelly and the sky unforgiving; it had started to pour sometime between silent promises and trembling hands but neither of them had noticed, so when Cas offered him a smile, touched his shoulder slightly and turned, there was really only one thing he could do: his hand wrapped around the angel's and it only took a moment before they were drowning in each other's arms. Cas's face lost in his neck and Dean's hands digging in his shoulders as they held on so tight not even breath could escape, let alone the other. It suddenly occurred to Dean, this would be the last time he felt that ridiculous coat against his skin, the last time he felt its owner under it.
"So, this is it."
could do."
“I’d like to have a sleepover with you.”
and smaller,
“I’m sorry, I will say that it came in purple, and was double headed.”
I winced a little.
“She is.”
“Only almost?”
Castiel smiles, puts his earbuds on, opening  the folder on his desktop titled as “personal”.
“Hear me out, Dean-”
“But once you get to know her, she’s actually very sweet, kind of an idealist at heart.”
For the first time, I began to entertain the thought that it went the other way, as well.
, they kinda deserve it.”
It was like being trapped in a queen bee’s den, molasses dripping from each and every corner, clinging at my skin, getting under it and inside, between my arteries that now tasted, smelt, felt like Dean Winchester.
“Is this what you want?” Cas asks again with another push, fiercer, if that was even possible. Dean continues to wince. He is reminded of a time before, of the same angel with the same righteous anger, of a back alley fight that ended with Dean collapsed against metal railings.
You think.
—————
And it was Dean who kissed Cas first.
Dean decides, right then and there, that he would give anything in the world to see Cas smile that way every day.
“Sure, what for?”
His face breaks. His breathing is uneven and you want to reach out and comfort him. You do this by placing a hand on his bicep. The warmth from his body is placating, comforting, but perhaps the touch is not enough, for he moves your hand with his right towards the side of his face. Your hand rests there, and his hand rests above yours. You caress his cheek, and you find that his lips are wobbling.
But Cas doesn’t cry. Instead, he waits for the stick to run out and flicks the cigarette butt on the ground and steps on it, He stands up and dusts off the back of his pants. He’s back to being Steve now. Steve, who is a sales associate. Steve, whose pain isn’t screaming out into the void for every Rit Zien to hear. Steve, who didn’t kiss Dean last night only to watch him leave again in the morning.
“We need to seran wrap the worst of it. So, my legs.”
Cas sleeping is something Dean is still getting used to. It's only been a few months since Cas showed up back in the bunker after the whole mess with Chuck losing his powers and Jack becoming God. It was a long drive back home, punctuated with a
"But now, I'm here." A beat "And you won't even look at me."
Ever since the man noticed you for the first time, it seems like he has been on the lookout for you. You observe lingering looks whenever he enters a room, closes the lights, or just sits down to grab a beer. You find it unnerving, the way he’s looking for you, but you like it, too. There is a thrill to being perceived, and you wish for that thrill again.
But they can’t have that, because Dean said he can’t stay and now they’re sitting on the one bed of this dingy motel room and Dean is shifting uncomfortably, knees knocking up against Cas’ thigh while he cradles Cas’ arm.
“I don’t know. I was afraid it wouldn't work. I don’t know what I would have done if it didn’t.” You’re glad he wouldn’t have to know.
It was a long drive back. Quiet. Sam calls everyone they know on the phone while Dean drives through the states. Sam calls Eileen first, then the girls in Sioux Falls, then Charlie, and Bobby, and all the other people in the hunter commune they have built throughout the years.
After unpacking all of the items and tossing some of the contents of the jars into a large silver bowl, he settles down in his bed and calls out to you.
“If you’re here,” he shouts. “If you’re here, do something! Fucking show me because I can’t do this anymore! Haunt me! I don’t care! Just be here. Please.” He’s begging. He’s begging you to haunt him. You don’t know what that means.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sam, can you look up Jimmy’s medical record for me?” He asks.
Except nothing comes next. Cas and Dean are just staring at each other. Dean is reminded of a time before, when they did this often, except now there’s a chasm between them, and Dean doesn’t know if they can cross it.
Dean gives a slight chuckle. “It’s a hunt. Of course I’ll get hurt. And you do know I don’t keep you around to heal me, right?” Cas still isn’t looking at him, so he gives his hand a slight tug. “Right?” Dean asks again. This time, Cas sneaks up a glance at him, but looks down right away.
Dean’s heart sinks. Dude has a name, after all. "Well. Guess he didn’t.”
But that doesn’t matter. What matters is that Cas is staying in room 15, and Dean is going there right now, and asking Cas why he left. He doesn’t care if it’s crass, doesn’t care anymore if it’s against better judgement, he is asking and he is asking now. He gets there, and before even thinking, starts knocking furiously at the door.
But damn it if he’s not trying to just be happy, to respect Cas’ choices, to respect Cas’ love for him, for once.
"I called you. It was… this guy who answered the phone." Dean keeps it vague, gauging from Cas’ reaction who said guy might be, if Dean’s suspicions are correct that Cas has found himself a new lover in the few months he’s been away.
It was Sam who ran down the stairs to hug Cas. It was Sam who caught him up with the events regarding Chuck. It was Sam who explained why Jack wasn’t with them, and the one who held Cas’ shoulder in comfort. And it was Sam who asked how Cas got out of the empty in the first place.
"Why did you let him leave?"
Dean considers. What does he want? He already has what he wants. Sam is safe and happy with Eileen. Cas is here. Heck, Jack and Jody and the girls even visit so often he barely misses them. He has what he wants. He only wants to live long enough to enjoy all of it.
“Wanna quit hunting?”
He looks at the time. 23:11. It’s not an appropriate time to call.
You don’t know why you are hearing this, or who Cas is, or what this man is doing to get into your head. You feel the tugging feeling grow heavier, and for a second you feel like you can feel this man’s devastation for the friend? lover? he is thinking of. But quickly enough the flow of voices in your head stops.
Dean hangs up.
Except, Dean does kiss him. A chaste, close-mouthed kiss, their noses bumping against each other. When Dean pulls away, he stays close, hand cupping the side of Cas’ face.
You find, however, that the farther you are from the room where the man sleeps, the more you feel weak. Not physically weak, you don’t have a body after all. More like the particles that compose you are being separated further and further from each other the farther away you are. One time, you pushed this limit, walking farther and farther into the backwoods that back up the bungalow. One moment you are out with the trees, the next you are located in the man’s room again. You have never needed sleep in your existence but that moment was the closest you’ve ever been to being unconscious.
Dean had wanted to argue, tell Cas that no, it’s not okay, that Jack can probably give him back his grace if he wants, that they don't have to do it like this. But one look at Cas’ peaceful expression and he knows damn well that it is, in fact, okay. He dropped his gaze down to the stitches and went back to work.
He looks around again, and you find that you want him to see you. You want him to know you.
Dean checks every room in the bunker before he gathers up enough courage to ask Sam about Cas.
he responds, and the doctor doesn’t question it. He gets a prescription for an ointment.
He decides to sleep on it until the morning, and he made an honest attempt out of it, too. Except Dean finds himself completely unable to doze off, and he ends up just staying up all night, watching as the clock ticks into a more reasonable time.
If only Dean can say the same for himself.
He's terrified Cas would leave again.
Cas knows about Dean and smoking. When he rebuilt his soul, Cas also rebuilt Dean’s memories, after all. He knows that Dean’s first time smoking was in a motel bathroom, that he has hidden the fact that he even smokes from John and Sam. He knows that it became more and more a regular occurrence after Sam left for Stanford. Cas cured Dean of his nicotine addiction when he raised him from hell, of course. But he knows, too, that Dean hopped back on the habit after moving in with Lisa. He saw Dean smoking once, while contemplating if he should ask his friend for help in heavenly affairs.
Night drives are always pleasant. There's just something about the relative darkness, the empty highways, and the gentle snoring of whoever is in the passenger seat that puts Dean at ease. There is a sweetness in the air sweeping through Dean’s face, courtesy of his rolled-down window. Right now, the person snoring on Dean’s passenger seat is Cas, whose head is resting on the closed window of his side of the car.
Castiel thinks back to every prayer Dean has said in purgatory, from the initial anger of
Dean finds Eileen in the bunker library, scribbling down on a thick leather-bound notebook amidst all the research layed out in front of her. It’s a beautiful notebook, similar to that of John’s, but less worn. Eileen looks up at him and smiles.
Cas doesn’t reply, just snorts a little bit. He adjusts on his seat and moves closer to Dean. As soon as he lay his head on Dean’s shoulder, Dean starts smiling uncontrollably. When he looks down on Cas, he finds the man looking up at him, all soft eyes and cheeky smile.
Castiel never finishes the pack.
They stay like this for who knows how long, Dean sure isn’t counting. But the moment Dean relaxes and lets go is the moment he realizes that Cas didn’t hug him back. In fact, Cas is frowning. Dean is taken back to where he is. It must be about half past three in the morning, and he’s standing in front of Cas’ room because?
Your mind, anyhow, is as phantom as these limbs. You know you don’t exist, not really. Things that exist, do. The couch exists, the kitchen counter exists, the television set exists, the mirror that you stand in front of only to see nothing reflected back exists. And you don’t, which makes you wonder about what he even saw.
So Cas doesn't want to go back to Earth, doesn't want to be safe up there when he has caused so much destruction, so much ruin. Big deal. It's not like the portal is going to take on him anyhow.
“It’s good to have you here, man.” Sam sounds so happy. Dean and Cas have been through so much that he often forgets that Sam and Cas are friends too. He feels another pang of guilt at the thought of him being the reason why his brother lost his best friend.
“You sleep well? How’s your side?” Dean murmurs as he rolls up his window and turns on the AC. There, a bit more silence. A bit more privacy.
Dean’s face heats up at that remark. He steals a glance at Cas and finds Cas looking intently at him, which only makes Dean blush even harder. Damn it, he feels like a schoolgirl with a crush over here.
Dean pulls away and starts shifting around, and suddenly he is on Cas’ lap, arm wrapped around Cas' neck in an embrace. They're so close, so close together. Dean leans back down to resume the kiss, and Cas doesn’t know what to do, doesn’t know where to put his hands, barely knows how to make out, but he tries, for Dean. His hands were gripping Dean's clothes when he noticed that he was shaking. Dean’s hand comes up on Cas’ face, fingers running through Cas’ hair. Cas realizes: Dean is shaking too.
He’s standing now, still looking at where he probably thinks he saw you. He searches, scans, and the more he sees nothing the more you are able to feel relief. You walk towards him, his eyes transfixed past you and you see that his lips are wobbling in a way that makes you feel like maybe you shouldn’t be feeling relief after all. He looks hurt.
Cas looks conflicted. Dean takes Cas’ hand and places it on his cheek, giving it a long, lingering kiss before placing it down and holding it to his side. “It’s alright Cas. You can tell me. I’m not gonna get mad.” Dean says. He knows he means it.
“I don't know, man, a few hours? I checked your breathing, so I knew you were alive. Just watched you sleep. Guess I’m the creep now, huh?” Dean lets out a breathy laugh. He looks joyful, for once. “God, Cas. It’s really you.” He says against the palm of your hand.
“Yes,” you say breathlessly. “How am I here, Dean?”
Dean stops dead in his tracks. The voice is gravelly, familiar. Shit.
He stands at the entrance of the laundry room, hesitant. Sam is leaning against the dryer, one foot up with a book in hand. Dean forces his voice to sound casual. He doesn't know how much his eyes betray him.
Sam gives a small
at that. After telling Sam that he will be home before dinner and curt goodbyes, they hang up.
“I threw them all out,” Sam says the next morning. “It’s okay, it’s just one slip up. You’ll get through it.”
(Actually, given the circumstances with Naomi and growing older, he can.)
You will tell him what it is like to be disembodied the way you were, and he will tell you about what it was like to sense you in that disembodied state, still. You will tell him that you felt his prayers, and he will tell you that he meant them. You will tell him that you love him, and he will call you an idiot and tell you that he loves you too. He will lean in and kiss you on the forehead, on the cheek, and finally, on the lips, and you will cement into your newly formed head that you will never leave this man again.
“You’re angry because of the hunt?” Dean finally asks. Of course he is, Dean thinks, this is a given, but better to start somewhere.
Cas must know then. Surely he must know. Dean hasn't said it, not even in prayer, not even to himself. But surely, Cas must have felt it, in the way Dean begged for him to come back. Surely he must know.
Dean reaches over and holds Cas’ wrist. “Cas, baby-” He calls. Cas just closes his eyes further in concentration, and the guilt on Dean’s chest is back, and fiercer than it has ever been in the past four months.
“You should try it.” She says with a finger pointing at her journal.
You think, but you know it’s not true. It’s just not realistic, the idea that a man can love the ghost who’s playing pretend.
It could have been romantic, really. Dean could have ran down the stairs and hugged the angel. Or he could have dragged Cas and pinned him against one of the bookshelves and kissed the longing out of the both of them. Or he could have shouted his love from the balcony, for both Sam and Cas to hear. There were so many things he could have done.
Dean started refusing to sleep if he wasn't holding on to Cas. Sometimes it was just his arm, other times, Dean would wrap himself around Cas' waist. Cas never mentioned it. Dean never mentioned it. One time Benny came back from circling the perimeter of where they were staying earlier than usual, and he found Cas and Dean huddled together, Dean with his arm wrapped around the angel, Cas' back flushed against the human's chest. Benny got it in that moment, why Dean spent almost a year looking for the angel, his angel. Benny looked away. He never mentioned it, too.
“I think I should move back in my room.” Cas says, and immediately knows that he probably shouldn’t have.
“I know, the spell was for demons, but we figured you’ve been human, right? So we tried it and it didn’t work. Then I started seeing you everywhere, and I thought, maybe the soul bit worked, and the body one didn’t.” He pauses for while, catching his breath. “Sam told me that maybe I was seeing things, but I knew it was you,” he sounds so certain. You have always admired this in him. “So I worked out a different body retrieving spell, and got it going last night. The delay of the spell is a few hours. So I’ve just been waiting for you to show up.”
Dean wakes up, and Castiel is gone in the morning.
The Impala's rumbling is low under Dean.
You never haunt him again.
, Dean thinks.
Cas gives Sam a call while waiting in line at the pharmacy.
Still, the hurt pierces you and you find yourself howling. The lights burst. The windows shatter. The man is crouching on the ground while covering his ears. You’re scaring him, you realize.
“No. No. Because you said you heard my prayers, my- my longing. You know. So why did you leave?” Dean asks, again, and in his head the question sounds fiercer, angrier, but he knows he’s speaking in whispers now. Even he is surprised.
“If I say it, you’ll stay?” Dean asks, and he knows it is a terrible thing to even propose. To say that, of all things, to force someone’s hand, to make someone stay. But if it’ll work, if it’s the only shot he has-
He wants to say.
At first, he just holds him in place, breathless. And then Dean closes his eyes, tightens his grasp, and he suddenly feels like he is swaying.
“Bullshit. He left his phone here. I found it in his room when I tried calling him after he left.”
The man lowers the jacket into the bowl and grabs a match. He lights it up, his hand hovering over the bowl.
Huh. Well, count it on Cas to ask the hard-hitting questions. Dean ponders for a bit. He’s aware that Cas is aware of his fucked up relationship with his brother, so there’s no just half-assing his way out of the question. He’s given this a lot of thought too, when he first considered moving out. He has had a lot of time to think.
“It’s Cas.” He says. Dean sinks.
“Something about being ripped out of the empty the second time… it damaged my grace. I had to remove it, or else it would have killed me.” If Cas was mourning his lost grace, his voice was not giving it away. He sounds at peace, like his angel grace being ripped out of him didn’t land him homeless and miserable the last time.
, and yeah, a part of Dean’s brain is still screaming
Cas looks down at their intertwined hands and strokes Dean’s hand with his, once, twice. “You know I want it, Dean.” He looks up, and Dean beams.
He didn’t mind, at first. They were small and insignificant, after all. Except after a few weeks, they weren’t as small and insignificant anymore. The dots showed up on his left leg too, and they are growing in diameter and scope. Up his thighs, on his buttocks. They were
Dean loved him. Cas knows this. Cas has known it since purgatory, when he saw Dean coming up to him in that stream, eyes bright, soul even brighter. Everything was so raw and transparent in that place, Dean’s intentions so pure and true there was no mistaking it for anything other than love. But then things have happened since then, and now Cas is not so sure about anything anymore.
He was two and a half months sober when Sam texted him a string of digits that made him immediately start shaking. It’s weird. He’s been experiencing shaky hands and more anxiety than usual ever since he withdrew from the alcohol, but this shaking is different. It comes from his bones, a chill that makes his teeth chatter.
“Like feelings and stuff?”
"I haven't gone out to get a refill yet. I hope you don't mind."
and they were itchy. Showering was painful and they bled through his pajamas when he slept.
“I’ve read about psoriasis, and there are more meds for it now than in Jimmy’s time.” He says in a cadence not dissimilar to how he would discuss a case.
Filling up the first page is more of a challenge than he thought it would be. He has no idea what to write. Writing about his day seems so stupid, a giant waste of beautiful paper. The more he thinks about it, the more the idea escapes him. He gives up, closes the notebook, sets it aside on his desk.
Cas' voice is quieter now, almost like he's just speaking to himself.
Cas is gone in the morning. Dean makes himself some coffee.
Anyhow, the move out into a house with open windows is a very positive change to the stagnancy of the first two weeks of your existence. You find there is more freedom here. Whatever was keeping you inside the man’s room in the last place was not keeping you in any rooms in this house anymore. You can freely traverse through the walls, although you will find it uncomfortable to do that, and out of some respect for the architecture, you will only pass through the doors.
Jimmy’s. He first got it when he was a teenager, and it appeared to be in and out of his life since. Castiel wonders if Jimmy had psoriasis when he said yes to him. Cas must have cured it unknowingly. He can’t believe that he doesn’t remember.
“You heard my prayers.” He insists, again. “You know.” He says, again. He’ll say it again and again if he needs to. It’s the only weapon he has in his armory.
Dean drops Cas in the Gas-and-Sip that morning. He tells Cas that he’s sorry for kicking him out of the bunker. He tells Cas that he’s proud of him. He tells Cas to stay out of trouble, that he’s human now, that he should leave the worrying to Dean. He doesn’t talk about what happened last night, and Cas tells himself that he is happy for the unacknowledged, relieved that they don’t have to deal with the fall out of what happened. Dean is leaving anyway, whether they talk about it or not.
It was ten more minutes of driving before Cas stirred awake. Dean noticed immediately, paying close attention to Cas’ breathing.
They head straight to the bunker center table after. Dean made homemade burgers and chili fries for everyone. Sam, Cas, and Eileen talk and sign to each other. Dean feels the odd one out on the table. He is cordial, though. He keeps his ears open for any remark to give away what Cas’ life is like now. He doesn’t get any such luck.
Oh. He thinks you’re his beloved.
“Cas,” he says, to the air. “Are you here?”
Dean hums to himself in purgatory
Cas wants to be angry, but all his head is chanting is a mantra of
Dean does none of these things. He walks down the corridor into his room. He doesn’t look back.
You look at him. It’s odd. You can sense something from the man. It feels a lot like what you’re feeling, too.
Dean’s hand crawls underneath Cas’ shirt, It feels scorching hot on Cas’ skin, and he lets Dean’s hand linger on his chest. He wants. He wants so bad he might cry. He feels his breath hitch on his throat, and for a second he’s afraid he might sob just like this, right into Dean’s mouth, but Dean shifts on his lap, and suddenly, his breath was hitching for a different reason.
“Why did you leave, Cas?” Dean asks. Back in his room he considered how this question should go. Perhaps casual. Maybe a bit light-hearted. Definitely calm. What he didn’t anticipate was the pure desperation in his voice, giving away his true intentions. “Why did you leave?”
The real odd stuff occurred, though, after he woke up, and started talking inside your head. You couldn’t believe it at first, moving in front of the man to check whether he is just speaking loudly, but one look at him shows that his lips aren’t moving. He looks like he’s deep in thought, except his thoughts are being broadcasted directly into your being.
He grabs his phone from the nightstand. The phone opens straight to the text. Dean takes a couple of breaths to calm his nerves. He counts to ten. Then he dials the number.
And just like that, Dean springs up the bed. He's alert now.
Dean refuses, says he won't sleep if it meant Cas wasn't beside him, that Benny can keep them safe. Deep down, Cas knows why Dean is doing this.
When Cas shows up, it is quarter to six. Sam climbs up the stairs to open the front door and greets Cas with a hug. They pat each other’s backs like old buddies.
For the first time in your existence, you fall unconscious.
Sam knocks on his door and enters with purpose, a seeming trend nowadays. Beer bottles are strewn all over the floor, with the occasional bottle of Jack Daniel’s here and there. Dean is a mess, and he knows it.
next chapter probably won't come as fast as this one, so bear with me.
The hand hovers, and hovers, and finally, rests on Dean’s side. Cas looks intently at his hand, then closes his eyes. Dean knows what this is. Cas is trying to heal him.
He stands up from the bed and moves towards the cabinet. He takes out a green jacket and you just know, immediately, that something is
Cas leans forward, and so does Dean, and suddenly they are kissing. It’s been four months already since Cas came back on the empty, four months since Dean kissed him for the first time, four months of a relationship Dean always just thought to dream about, but it has never been like this. Not this aggressive. Cas is angry, and it shows; Dean feels his knees weaken against the backdrop of the wall.
“He’s got someone now. He’s with someone now. Did you know?” Dean slurs as Sam tosses him to the bed.
Eileen moves in three weeks later, and she's a delight. She and Sam move with grace together like leaves on a tree. At another time, with another girl, Dean would have been wary, but this is Eileen. She knows the life, she has
“You cold?” he asks.
He pushes Dean back on the bed and tucks him in like someone might a child, and then he clicks off the lamp. Dean closes his eyes, already near-sleep, and Cas presses a kiss to his forehead.
love the flowers,” Cas deadpans.
“Honestly? Yeah, I think so.” Sam’s picking at the label on his water bottle, which he always does when he’s uncomfortable or upset. “Chuck wanted us isolated so you and I wouldn’t have anybody but each other. I think our childhood was the same way. It was… I don’t know, maybe it was supposed to be hard. So we’d toughen up, or we’d be traumatized, or whatever the fuck Chuck wanted.” Sam sighs again. “I don’t know, Dean. I don’t know why he did any of the shit he did. I don’t know why we had to go through any of it, other than for his entertainment.”
Later, after Jack’s tucked into bed and the dishes are done, Dean and Cas sit on the back porch, tucked together on the porch swing. The warm summer evening makes Dean feel younger than he has in years, and as the sun disappears further and further below the horizon, he realizes,
“I’m eighteen.” And then she fucking winks. Dean’s having some kind of wildly upsetting out-of-body experience here, because he knows that fucking move like the back of his hand—he used to
He kind of falls out of the car in his desperation to escape. He looks down at his hands, sees the already-forming bruises, feels his stomach churn.
Cas’s smile sweetens, like he knows what Dean is thinking. His ability to mind-read is long gone, but he always seems to know what’s going on in Dean’s head anyway.
Dean texts back a quick thank you, and resolves to try to verbalize just how thankful he is for Sam the next time he sees him—that should make them both plenty uncomfortable, but unfortunately, Dean’s working on being more communicative about his feelings. That’s what getting a therapist and getting sober will do for you, apparently.
Dean smiles back at him. “Hope the company is better here.”
Cas is here, and he’s alive, and he’s home.
“With a friend.”
, Dean, I’m—”
Dean forces himself to hold his gaze—to look away now would be a death sentence. “I wasn’t at a bar, Dad.”
“Fuck.” Dean’s voice seems odd in the desolate quiet of wherever the fuck he is. “Son of a
“You’re…” Cas can’t stop staring, soaking in every detail of the child in front of him; if this is a dream, Cas will make the most of it. “You’re your true age? And you’re human?”
, and Dean’s up and out of his barstool before he can even think twice about it. Behind him, Sam is laughing like the bitch he is.
“I’m gonna do this, but we’re not gonna talk about it after, alright?”
“It’s alright, Dean.” His eyes are still shut tight, but he feels Cas’s fingers trace from his hairline to his chin, painfully and wrenchingly gentle. Cas has stopped moving inside him, and everything else seems to have gone motionless in response. The Earth has frozen in its orbit, the night breeze outside and above the bunker stops in its tracks, and Cas and Dean are so still together in this bed.
Dean doesn’t make it a thing. He lets the morning go the way it always does, without any pretense or celebration. He kisses Cas awake, who immediately grumbles and reburies himself in the blankets. He heads downstairs to start the coffee and make breakfast, and the smell of pancakes wakes Jack up. They sit at the kitchen table together, eating and laughing and talking about the kind of nonsense small children like to talk about. Cas stumbles in as they’re finishing up, downing half his coffee before he’s able to construct a full sentence. Then Jack drags them all into the living room to watch a few episodes of Phineas and Ferb, and the day begins to slip by, too, quiet and peaceful. Normal.
The world comes into focus again, and Cas is looking at Dean’s perfect, panicked face.
“You and I.” Cas’s hand on Dean’s arm grows more gentle, more of a touch than a grasp, as his words grow more intense. He seems almost frantic with his desire for Dean to understand what he’s trying to say. “You don’t owe me this. You don’t have to do this for me. Our… our friendship is not transactional.”
“This is not a transaction.”
“What?”
“Bitch.” And as Sam walks away, he mutters just loudly enough that he’ll hear him, “Who orders a salad at a friggin’
So Dean spreads the ashes, jaw clenched so tightly that it’s probably going to give him a headache later. There are tears in his eyes, but none of them spill over; he kind of wishes they would, if only to let some of the grief escape him, but again, he can’t do it. He can’t do anything but let the ashes spill out of his hands and be caught by the wind.
“Really?”
They sit there for a long time, taking rattling breaths and occasionally coughing. Dean keeps rubbing Cas’s back.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says quietly, reverently. And though it physically pains him, he takes a step back. There isn’t much time. “But I have to go now.”
Dean figures he’ll put them both out of their misery. “Can I ask you something?”
Dean sighs, makes a show of being inconvenienced because he’s not sure why the fuck he’s engaging in this at all. “Yeah, whatever, man. What’s the deal?”
“Okay, wait, back up. We have… matching scars?”
written for a touch prompt: with a promise
“Yeah,” Dean says. His voice is raw. “Yeah, that’s pretty.”
Dean’s eyes slip shut; he’s not sure how, but Cas’s shoulder always seems more comfortable than their bed. Stifling a yawn, he asks, “How many pages do you have left?”
As they head up the creaking porch steps to the front door, Dean thinks that probably, it’ll be better for everybody if they just pretend like this never happened.
Dean watches the bartender lean across the bar, laughing warmly at something Cas said—probably in that painfully earnest way of his that makes even his most awkward moments go down easy like a nice scotch—and weighs the risks and benefits of getting into some kind of physical altercation.
written for a touch prompt: because i am dying
“Aging sucks,” Dean says easily—this is a problem they can solve. “But we’re both getting older. You’ve got your grey streaks, and you’ve seen my beard when I grow it out. My knees are shot to hell, and you’ve already got arthritis developing. And look at our faces.” Dean smiles at Cas in the mirror, and Cas gives him that quiet look of his, warm and true. “We’ve got wrinkles, you’re right. But as far as I’m concerned, that’s all a badge of fucking honor. We made it this far, Cas. We made it far enough to get old together. That’s pretty great.”
“I thought it was a choice,” Dean finally rasps out into Cas’s shoulder. “All this time, I thought
Dean’s hands stop moving. He looks up at Cas again, who seems kind of upset, for some reason. “Uh—”
“I… I know I’m not dying,” Cas says haltingly. “I know that. But I can’t control myself, and I feel so—” Cas turns his face into Dean’s shoulder so that his next words are muffled. “I hate this.”
“Dean?” God, it sounds just like him. It’s just like him. “I’m… I’m home.”
Sam nods. His eyes search Dean’s face, and Dean’s pretty sure he’s weighing the risks of pushing the topic. Fair enough. Things have definitely been better lately, especially for Dean and his various and extensive emotional issues, but it’s always smart to err on the side of caution; this weird little retired life he’s got going hasn’t fixed everything.
Dean is sober for the first time in weeks.
“Dean?” Cas says again, but there’s something in his voice. Almost like he’s nervous.
“You’re a good person, Dean.” And that’s enough to make Dean take a terrified step backward. The man continues on in spite of that. “You’re doing everything you can to take care of your brother, and you’re a good person. I’m sorry the choice was taken from you. I’m sorry that so many will, as you get older. I’m sorry about it all.” The man pauses, and Dean stares with wide eyes. “But just know that you are good, and you are worthy, and there’s a future waiting for you where every choice you make is one you want to.” The man says it with a conviction that staggers Dean. He sounds sad, but certain, but absolute. “And you’re loved. You are so loved, Dean.”
“Good morning, Jack,” he says.
So this one sort of sneaks up on him. He hasn’t been thinking about it, not wanting to put any real pressure on himself, but as soon as he wakes up, his very first thought is,
“You guys would—would probably have a good time,” Greg says, face bright red. He glances over his shoulder. “Oh, uh, duty calls. Nice to meet you.”
Again, Cas rakes his fingers through the short hair at the base of Dean’s neck. It feels like the kind of peace Dean never thought he’d find, let alone with his best friend—it feels like a blessing, like Cas’s touch is making him holy in the way it has for years.
Cas sighs. He looks thoroughly exhausted by Dean’s antics, and he’s wearing an old t-shirt Dean bought years ago at a rest stop somewhere in Wyoming, and Dean thinks the whole moment is pretty perfect, actually. “What do you want to know?”
Dean snaps his head up, and Sam’s sliding back into the booth, looking at his empty glass of water with something like misery. “Not yet,” Dean says. He pushes his cup forward. “Want some of my Coke?”
. But I didn’t, not really. I did it because Chuck wanted me to, and I didn’t have any control over any of it. I bent over for all those dudes, and I bent over for Chuck, and for fucking what? So I’d be more fucked-up? So he could
He could watch them like this for hours, but it’s late. It’s late, and they both need to come to bed. So Cas picks his way carefully across the living room, avoiding the toys strewn everywhere, and gently takes Jack from Dean’s arms. He’s trying not to wake them, but they’re both light sleepers.
“Okay.” Dean would deny it, but he nuzzles his face in the warm skin of Cas’s neck. “Finish your book, and then let’s go to bed.”
Dean sets his fishing rod down at the bottom of the boat. There’s not really anything biting today, and it’s about lunchtime, anyway. He opens up the small cooler they brought along and pulls out the two sandwiches he made early this morning, along with a couple cans of Coke. Cas doesn’t seem to notice—he’s completely off in his own world, his head tilted up toward the clouds with a small smile tugging at his lips. Dean’s whole chest goes warm.
“So beautiful, inside and out, every part of you. I’ve never—
The Cas-shaped lump lets out a sound like a huff, followed by another gross cough. Dean’s heart twinges in sympathy, and he turns just enough in his chair to get a good look at Cas. The blanket is shaking, and the tiny flash of his husband that Dean can see is very pale.
Sam half-kicks at him under the table, and then launches immediately into an explanation as to what he thinks is going on in the next small town they’re heading for, absolutely oblivious to anything that might have happened while he was in the bathroom. Dean listens to him, throws in his own thoughts on the case, and resolutely tries to think about anything but the girl in that motel down the street, her thin arms and the dark circles under her eyes.
Dean stares at the blankets that are also his husband, and he tries to imagine what it must feel like for him right now, to have the flu for the first time ever when he’s only been human for a year and hasn’t ever been sicker than the regular common cold. He feels kind of shitty for not being more patient with Cas. If the roles were reversed, Dean would definitely be as much of an asshole as Cas is right now—actually, he’d probably be worse.
The only problem, really, is that Dean hasn’t said it back yet.
“Oh hell yeah!” Dean looks down at him with a brilliant smile that seems to make everything else around them go dim. “You got the apricot jelly stuff?”
When they finally get their food about eight million years later and finish eating, Dean heads to the car and leaves Sammy to pay the bill; he doesn’t want to deal with any questions about where his cash went.
Dean leans precariously over toward Cas, the boat rocking all the way, but the kiss he plants on his husband makes it well worth the risk of overturning them both into the lake. When he pulls back, Cas’s eyes are a more beautiful color than the water could ever hope to be.
“Never went to sleep.”
“Is that a
Dean’s grinning as he slips inside their motel room. It’s been a great night—he made almost a hundred bucks, all of the johns were respectful and nice, and one of them even bought him a drink in addition to his usual fee. So he’s feeling just a little loose, relaxed in a way he rarely does after a night of work. He’s planning on falling asleep as soon as his head hits the pillow, and the thought of sinking into the mattress is soothing in a way it usually isn’t—he’s not even worried about nightmares.
written for a touch prompt: in a moment of annoyance
“Really?” Somehow, that makes Dean feel a little better.
Dean’s eyes search Cas’s face, and then with a ferocity Cas loves him for, he flips his hand to interlock with Cas’s, finally allowing the blood and grace to flow freely. “I’m not going anywhere. I’m not leaving you.”
Dean has no clue how Sam knows the exact date of Dean’s one year, but isn’t surprised that he reached out—Dean leaned on him a lot when he was first getting sober. It was a strange reversal from almost fifteen years prior, but Sam handled Dean’s addiction with far more grace, kindness, and understanding than Dean had Sam’s.
The tears just keep coming after that. Cas rocks him back and forth like he’s a kid or something, but Dean doesn’t fight it, can’t fight it. He cries and he cries and he cries until there’s nothing left but bone-deep exhaustion. Cas somehow knows when Dean is done without asking and gently helps him to his feet, ushering him into Baby. He lets Dean sit in the driver’s seat until he’s under enough control to drive, and then once the car starts, he sits close on the bench seat, not touching but present, but warm.
“You won’t—you won’t, like, tell anybody about…” Dean casts around for the words. “About what I used to do, right?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “You’re so dramatic.”
He’s fifteen, the first time.
“Yes,” Cas says, voice muffled. “It was.”
Cas’s smile softens. He reaches out and rucks up Dean’s sleeve to fit his hand over the scar once again. There’s that incredible buzzing warmth, a far more muffled version of what he felt last night, and it’s something Dean could sink into.
It’s a beautiful day, at least, and it’s beautiful here in the meadow. Sunshine and clear skies. Wildflowers blooming idly along the greenery. The soft, slow-moving brook. The old windmill, crumbling a little and covered in ivy, watching over it all.
Dean leans against the doorjamb and watches Cas with what he’s sure is an idiotically fond expression—it’s one he finds himself wearing a lot these days, now that he and Cas are living in sort-of kind-of domestic bliss. It’s so impossibly great that Dean can’t even bring himself to care about how obviously in love he is.
Dean rolls his eyes and immediately regrets it. Jesus, everything hurts. “We’re not
Then, a light clicks on. Dad is sitting at the tiny table in the kitchenette, a single beer and their first aid kit in front of him. He’s fully dressed, and there’s a cut on the side of his face from eyebrow to chin, blood dripping down his face. Dean freezes.
“Yeah. Reminds me we belong to each other.” It’s a real testament to how much Dean’s grown in the past few months that he’s even able to say that; Cas looks completely delighted by it, though, so Dean figures it’s worth it. “But I wish I could see yours.”
The girl blinks. He watches as the understanding washes over her face, and then as she considers the risks of taking the money—he can’t blame her for that, because he would’ve done the same thing in her shoes. Dean’s not even sure he would’ve trusted that good things happen with no strings attached enough to take the money at all. But then she nods, and snatches the cash from his hand like she’s worried he’s going to change his mind.
Sam rolls his eyes. “Jerk.”
“Freak,” Dean grumbles. But he can’t stop the note of fondness in his voice, and he doesn’t do anything but wiggle closer when Cas pulls him to fit against his chest.
He lets out a string of curses he would never have even dreamed of fifteen years prior, and carefully carries the smoking pan to the trash can. He dumps as much of the blackened lump as he can unceremoniously into the trash can and sticks the pan, still coated in bits of burned eggs, back on the stove.
“We’d better get up,” Dean murmurs. “Don’t want the coffee to get cold.”
“You don’t need to see it, Dean. You just need to feel it,” Cas says quietly. “Can you feel it?”
Dean’s resolve cracks immediately. He turns around, and there he is. Cas, standing in front of Dean in the trenchcoat and the tie like always, looking worried and scared but alive, alive right here in the goddamn kitchen at ten in the morning.
Dean wants to point out that it technically is the morning right now. He wants to say that Chuck might be dead, but he’s still scared. He wants to keep asking why, wants to keep asking for an explanation that isn’t there. Dean drifts off before he can muster the words for any of that.
So Cas is doing what he can: he’s making breakfast in bed.
Dean does pull back eventually, because he’s the one that unfortunately has to breathe. Cas’s mouth is red and his hair is a ridiculous mess and he’s still smiling so bright Dean can barely look at him.
, Cas; this is what the flu feels like. And I didn’t know it was a crime to wanna take care of my husband when he’s sick.”
Cas’s smile softens, and he leans forward to kiss the tip of Dean’s nose. He’s learned by now that it’s best to meet Dean’s defense mechanisms with gentleness. “I know you feel embarrassed. But I also think you like this.” If possible, Dean’s face gets redder. “It’s okay. I do, too. I like to take care of you, and I like to hold you this way. And if you want it, I’d like to carry you to bed.”
Dean turns to look at Greg the bartender, who seems like he’d be more than happy to sink into the floor right about now and never come back. Dean doesn’t even attempt to feel bad for him. “Is that so?”
Dean grins victoriously. “Who’s obnoxious now?”
“Do you…” Cas’s smile has faded into something more blank, more guarded. “Do you like them?”
Cas surges up, unable to hold himself back any longer. He takes Dean’s face in his hands and kisses him as deeply as he can, as deeply as he’s ever wanted to. Dean is surprised at first, but meets Cas in the middle like he always does, takes what Cas gives him and then takes some more. They only separate when the tray is in danger of tipping all of their breakfast over onto the floor.
“I’ll be back,” Cas says. He’s not sure it’s a promise he’ll be able to keep, but he’s going to do everything he can. “I’ll kill Chuck, and then I’ll come back.”
“I normally don’t—” Dean starts to run his hand absently through Cas’s hair, just for something to hang onto. He laughs nervously, and it grates in his hoarse throat. “I’ve never cried during sex before. I don’t know what that was about.”
“You’re very dramatic,” Cas says, but he’s already swinging a leg up on the bed and over Dean’s torso so that he can straddle him. “Take your shirt off.”
“I love you, too.” Dean says quietly.
“My hair is going grey,” Cas says. “And my face is wrinkling. I’m getting older.”
He looks at Cas for a long moment, the blue of Jimmy’s eyes and the concerned furrow to his brow that is, undeniably, all Cas. And then he says, voice a rasp, “Hold on.” Dean realizes his hands are still tight on Baby’s steering wheel, her engine still purring all around them. “Just—hang on a sec, okay?”
He can feel Dean’s glare from here, despite his face being obscured by the bed. “You’ve gotta give that up, man. I’m not ready.”
“How does that feel? Does that feel good?” Cas breathes the words into Dean’s neck between open-mouthed kisses, like he’s tasting the sweat there. Hysterically, Dean thinks he probably is, the freak.
? Jesus Christ.
It’s early when Sam walks into the kitchen, dressed for his run and probably looking for a healthy snack or something before he leaves. He takes one look at Dean and frowns. Dean doesn’t even bother to say anything or put on any front—he can’t hide this shit from Sam, not anymore. And it’s not like it’s particularly normal for Dean to be awake at the ass crack of dawn that Sam has deemed the optimal time for a run.
Sam looks at Dean, and it’s like he’s seeing right through him. God, he’s always hated how perceptive that kid is. “I think he manipulated a lot of it. I think he created some of the situations we were put in. But I don’t think that absolves Dad of anything, if that’s what you’re getting at.”
But before Dean can get to his feet, Cas is coming down to meet him so that they’re just kneeling there together by Baby’s passenger-side door, looking at each other like they’re both freaking the fuck out. Dean cannot comprehend how this has deteriorated so quickly—clearly, he’s more out of practice at this than he thought.
“Jack.” Cas smiles, seeming a little nervous. “He said he could make an exception for me. So I’m home.”
In the lifetimes between then and now, Cas has seen Dean take many forms. He’s seen his body be a weapon and a tool, a violent thing. Cas had loved him then. He’s seen Dean careful, loving, has watched Dean take care of those he cares for. Cas had loved him then. As they built their new life and Dean became softer, happier, Cas had loved him. He’s seen Dean bruised and broken, vibrant and healthy, while making love and while crying and while laughing. And each time, every time, Cas has thought
“No. No, I need—” Dean’s chest feels tight.
“That,” Dean says when he pulls away, thumbs still stroking Cas’s cheeks. “That was for luck, too.”
the one who brought this into our house.”
“...You made me breakfast in bed?”
Cas looks sort of amused. “Yes.”
“Yes?”
, they both still.
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean says sleepily. “Where’ve you been? ’S early.”
“You can just call me Cas.”
written for a touch prompt: with relief
“Dean, I can come to bed now if you’re tired.”
“Or the bacon.”
Cas sighs. “I messed up the pancakes and the eggs, and there wasn’t enough bread. It doesn’t look good like it does when you make breakfast.”
Dean starts Baby up and closes his eyes. For the first time in a long time, he thinks about his old hustle, how he used to tell Sam the cash came from running scams on drunk guys—Dean always figured that wasn’t technically a lie—and how he still freaks out when someone grabs the back of his head during sex. How he tries to pretend those memories aren’t there, but they are, they always are, just lurking somewhere in the back of his mind.
“Well, heya sunshine,” he drawls, leaning back against the cabinets and wiping his hands on a towel—the dishes can wait a few minutes. “What’s got you smiling?”
Dean searches his face, and though Cas isn’t sure what he’s looking for, he must find it, because he almost smiles. “And the second thing.”
“What? ‘Course it is.” Dean sounds like he’s smiling, and Cas can see it in his mind’s eye, that dreamy thing that only comes out when Dean is extremely relaxed. “It’s sweet.”
“I love you,” Dean whispers.
Dean nods wordlessly. The whole world has gone silent. Everything on the planet is straining to hear whatever is about to come out of Cas’s mouth.
“Oh yeah? Then where were you?”
“They aren’t for anything. The gardenias were beautiful today, and I wanted to cut some for you.” Cas says it in that way of his, the way that means
“Brittany,” Dean lies.
“Undoubtedly,” Cas says like it really does go without saying, like Dean obviously offers more than a Wonder of the Ancient World ever could. And then he takes the first bite of his sandwich, and his eyes light up. “This is delicious, Dean.”
He doesn’t have Jack, though. He tries not to think about that.
Dean moves away from Cas the moment they both finish. He’s being silent, and not the comfortable kind. Cas is lying down on his side on the bed. Dean leans over to his bag, shuffles around for a bit.
Dean knows he is being a coward, that he’s the one who is making this difficult for both Cas and him. But whatever bravery Cas has that allowed him to confess to Dean the day Billie chased after them, Dean just doesn't have it. So he lays down on his bed instead and thinks about what Cas said in the bunker kitchen earlier that day.
catch fire.
He wants to smash his phone against the wall. He doesn’t. Instead, he goes to the kitchen and looks for the familiar bottle.
Which is why, one would think, Cas being the first thing Dean sees the moment he opens the bunker lights should be a delightful experience. Dean, on the entrance ledge, looking over to Cas, who is staring at him, agape.
A click.
Sam mutters his agreement. He excuses himself, walks out to one of the corridors. There’s a buoyancy to Sam’s steps that Dean hasn’t seen in years. Cas watches as he leaves.
“Which is why you made me lie down here,” you say. Realization hits. You feel sheepish for causing a ruckus a while ago. This man- Dean, would never hurt you. You know this now. You wonder how you would have ever thought otherwise. “Why didn’t you just tell me?”
They stay like this for a while, just silent, breath evening out. It was Dean who eventually succumbs to the temptation of conversation, though.
“I’m not giving you his number until you get your shit together.”
"Dean, you can't keep doing this." Sam leans over the door frame.
, you think. You don’t know what he’s doing, but when he comes home he is sweaty and he heads straight to the bathroom to wash up. You barely hear him speak, which is why the times when he does stick out to you so much, mainly when he is thinking towards his “Cas”, and you hear the entire one sided conversation. You try not to listen. It’s not for you, you are not Cas, as far as you can remember. You can tune out the words, occasionally, but not the feelings. The feelings the man is projecting are so heavy, if you had lungs you would describe the feelings as suffocating.
They don’t speak about it.
"The empty… it kept me awake while I was in there." Cas breaks the silence. It takes Dean a few seconds to reel himself in, to listen to what Cas has to say.
, Dean is going to fuck it up and lose Cas anyway. He was terrified, and so he locked himself up in his room at every possible opportunity and avoided Cas at all costs in all the others. Whenever he had to interact with Cas though, he made sure Sam was there as a buffer.
“Well, I’m fine now. How long have I been unconscious?”
This particular ghost was ferocious, at around 200 years old, it was one of the stronger ones they have encountered. Apparently time spent as a ghost has an effect on the strength of one. A lifetime of hunting, and still so many new lore to learn.
Dean has stopped being preoccupied. And so he drinks. He locks himself up in his room and drinks.
Well. After.
“Dean.” Cas interrupts Dean’s train of thought. “What about Sam?”
Cas has no choice but to push through with his idea. “I keep on getting blood on the sheets. We have to sweep the floor all the time because I’m basically shedding. Maybe we should seperate rooms first until these,” he points at his legs “are gone.”
The door swings open, and suddenly Cas is in front of him, and Dean realizes that for the first time since Cas stepped into the bunker since that eventful day months ago when Cas came back from the empty, they are looking at each other. Dean’s breathing stops in its tracks. Cas is here, he thinks, Cas is here. Cas is here. The relief of it all crashes into him, and he forgets what he is going to say, exchanging thought for instinct as he throws himself towards Cas in the hug of his lifetime.
The truth is you’ve been sensing a lot from the man for a while now. You first saw him after you manifested in his concrete room one day. Manifested is perhaps the right term, or maybe not. What do you call popping into existence from nothingness anyway? Perhaps it was during the morning, or the afternoon, but you won’t know, there are no windows in this room. You spend the first few moments of being trying to get a glimpse of yourself, and you shortly discover that you are disembodied, and this bothers you, in a way, for there is an itch in yourself that seems to desire a body. You figure you had a body in your past life, but you don’t remember for sure. You try to remember anything else, and you find you don’t remember anything at all. You settle with being a ghost, somehow, and you settle with being a ghost who doesn’t remember their life. Maybe all ghosts don’t remember their life. You’re not sure, you haven’t met another ghost since.
Dean can just go out and drive himself to a bar and get hammered there. He knows this. Sam knows this. But Sam looks at Dean like he trusts him, and it makes Dean’s heart ache.
-------
“I know me and- me and Sam, we’ve been through a lot. We’ve lived our whole lives together. And yeah, there’s been pros to that, but the cons, man... "
Sam catches him on the floor of the storage room. Dean didn’t even attempt to get himself a glass. He expects Sam to shout, turn around, give up on him. Fuck knows it’s what he deserves. Instead, Sam hauls him off his ass and carries him to his room. Dean hasn’t been this drunk in a while. It’s a comforting feeling. He hates it.
Dean isn't proud, per se, of how he acted that day. Or the day after that. Or the two weeks after that. He was terrified, after all, of many things: terrified that Cas didn't mean his deathbed confession that way, or that he changed his mind, or that whatever this is now,
The certainty gave Dean a feeling of comfort. They have time now, after all. Cas is here, Dean is here, and there is no apocalypse to gear for, no big bad to try and fight. It's just them, and they have all the time in the world.
Cas tries not to think about the way Dean's face contorted in horror at the thought of Cas being gone when he woke up. Cas tries not to think about how terrified Dean will look when he leaves him again.
He wants to be angry. He wants to be furious at Dean for kicking him out with no explanation, and now acting like he wants Cas, for sitting across him, eyes wandering at Cas’ lips.
