"Ahem. What should I say then?" Steve joked as they were crossing the corridor. He pushed the door of his bedroom open. Tony stretched his back again and let out a long exhausted sigh.
"You can borrow some of our stuff if you want." Clint suggests before taking a drag himself and lying back on the bed.
Steve lived in a relatively calm neighborhood after all.
"Just making sure you'll be finished with your project by tonight. We're expected at 7."
Bucky answered his smile and plunged his eyes into Clint's who looked suddenly unsettled by the intensity in his husband's expression. Their hands were still entangled.
Tony stirred and moaned softly from under the covers and Steve's heart fluttered. It tingled down there as a rush of warmth spread throughout his body. It was a bit late for a morning wood though, Steve had been up and about for almost two hours already: he'd been painting and had done some cleaning, breakfast was ready and waiting for them, which meant there was more to that tingling. It was a perfect Sunday morning and although Tony was still half-asleep and seemingly not ready to wake up, seeing him like this, so defenseless in Steve's bed, gave Steve a sense of happiness that warmed him up to his core. His lips unintentionally quirked up into a loving smile before the tingling in his pants pushed the warm and fuzzy feelings away to replace them with something more intense.
Dark-haired guy interrupted his weird train of thoughts with a hand on his neck again. His thumb and middle finger pressed on the glands underneath his jaw. Hard. This time Tony whimpered and sucked in a painful strangled wheeze. His head span with the lack of air and his hands let go of the other guy's head to grab dark-haired guy's forearm instinctively. Tony didn't push him away however, he opened his eyes and stared bewilderedly at the guy's face, lips parted, and melted into the strong grip which was dangling him against the wall like a puppet.
Tony finally got up on his feet. He was probably still half-hard, judging from the bump in his skinny jeans. "I'm taking you out to lunch." He said in a very serious tone, not taking no for an answer.
"Are you happy, Steve?"
Tony pinched his lips and wetted them. He nodded in agreement, to Steve's
"I swear I don't!" He defends himself. Tony has never been into plastic. He likes the warmth of another human being too much. "Steve might have a couple of them, I don't know... we never use them together."
Tony's heart clenches. Steve is so beautiful at this instant. Beautiful and strong and pride and determined. And vulnerable. And the strong urge to protect him and to indulge coils in his guts. He staggers up on his feet and offers him his hand. "Is that why I'm here?" He says with a grin. He wants to confident and reassuring but deep inside he's freaking out. He wills the tremor in hand away and reaches out to Steve. The omega takes his hand delicately and blushes adorably.
it. Ugh, my life is fucking over." He whimpered, hands on his face.
And when he was finally out of strength, completely exhausted, he managed to sleep for a couple of hours before waking up again in a startled jolt. A whiff of Tony's scent, the memory of his fingers brushing his skin, the wetness of his lips and he was at it again.
Besides, he had noticed two other men leering, leaning against the opposite wall and pawing their crotch. He didn't do much of an effort to make them act on it. Soon, he had two cocks in his mouth and really started to feel it. The drugs was perfectly effective at this point and he was fully hard, moaning eagerly every time one of them attempted to be a little rougher, like he should. He was finally free from unwanted disturbing thoughts.
Tony annoyingly had an answer for everything and it was starting to get in the way. Steve ignored his boyfriend and pushed harder, laying him on his back. He squeezed his thighs on each side of him and started disheveling him, peeling each layer of clothes off of him slowly. Tony let him and buckled up, hips unintentionally rocking forward.
Steve's hands tighten around him and his touch ignites every cell in Tony's body. He's on fire. Who said he had a size kink? His boyfriend's shape fits so perfectly in his arms. He never wanted more. He hides some more into Steve's neck and breathes his scent in. Steve smells amazing but it might a side effect of alcohol. Tony isn't sure.
Steve felt something unclench in his chest. He averted his eyes and tilted his head on the side, hiding a relieved smile. He knew he was but he always asked anyway and tonight even more, he felt like he needed to ask. Maybe that was because had Tony felt oddly distant the entire evening. "Well, you could be doing some special secret stuff," he teased. "Let's say, a flying suit armor for example, who knows?"
It takes him a moment to realize what was the comforting weight on chest but slowly and surely he takes in his surroundings and recognizes the fast beating of a small heart, sound asleep, and lulled by the humming of the arc reactor. Felicia is asleep into his arms. Her small head resting on his chest, safe and loved and protected.
And then she met Clint. And then she worked for SHIELD. And then she learnt compassion. Slowly, she has gotten used not to point a knife to every omega or alpha she met. Slowly she has remembered. She started feeling. Slowly she understood what was taken from her. A whole new world. A whole new perspective on life. A whole new prospect. Learning to be alpha again wasn't an easy path to take. Learning to be around omegas was even more of an ordeal, but she did it.
Tony beamed. And Tony Stark flashing a beaming smile at you was not something you could just be indifferent about. Steve's heart started racing and felt suddenly very hot. And believe him, it was
They still want him somehow. He doesn't know how or why or what but he can smell it in their scents, he can see it in their eyes, he can
Steve startled and glared at him. "I ordered it, okay." He snapped. "Fuck you very much!"
"Good to know..." Steve whispered, looking out the window again. He still felt uncomfortable with the casual mention of Stane and the awkward distance between them that seemed to grow.
Steve snorted and grinned evilly, a tinge of jealousy in the fire he felt burning at the bottom of his stomach that he ignored to focus on the bigger, arousing part of it. He pulled out the big toy and splayed his hands on Tony's butt, spreading his cheeks a little and staring at his gaping hole.
"Tony, please, listen to me—" Steve tried but Tony ignored him, eyes avoiding him at all cost.
Bucky pushed him so brutally he stumbled. He didn't get the time to protest about it before being manhandled like a puppet and dragged outside on the lawn toward their favorite eating spot, under the willow tree.
Clint puts down the plate of food and is welcomed with cheering and whistling but he remains modest about it. He just leans down to kiss his husband on the forehead and the latter answers with an innocent, though affectionate, caress on his hip before demanding a languorous kiss that Clint gives him happily.
Steve hesitated. Did Tony really have no clue? "They're way out of my league..." Steve mumbled self-deprecatingly. "Besides, I sill haven't presented yet."
"To get a life."
The alpha hums is delight and relaxes under his touch. His arm idly surrounds his shoulders and keeps him close. He lets himself go into the comfort of his purring, reclines his head on the headrest and closes his eyes.
By the time, Steve finally decided to do something about it and find some courage to talk to Tony—And he doesn't mean about the weather... Somehow, during those four months they had lived together since Steve had come back, they had never found the opportunity to talk things out. To
He breathed in and took a look at the outstanding view to find some courage before opening his mouth to speak. "Are you alright, babe?" He attempted hesitatingly.
Tony's mellow heat was overwhelming and each of Steve's thrusts was making wet sounds. This time Tony tensed and groaned in pleasure and he was pliant under him. Head buried in the sheets to muffle his shameless moans. He felt the warmth of tingling pleasure pool in his lower belly. He's was about to shoot again and he shall not make the same mistake this time. He slowed down and blanketed his boyfriend, leaving a trail of wet kisses on his back. He bit his shoulder blade while they were both rocking together and let his hand wander along his flank. He made sure each of his thrusts aimed right on his soft spot and grabbed his dick. "You so fucking beautiful, baby. Come for me." He gave a few strokes and felt Tony's body tense and shiver, clenching around him.
Tony chuckled but it sounded more like a desperate keening sound. "Fuck Rogers... You don't have to ask."
He wasn't in any position to refuse Steve anything anyway. Steve wanted to have fun, Tony would give him what he wanted. And maybe then, later, when Steve was satisfied and not angry with him anymore, Steve would accept to sleep with him again and cuddle him and Tony would be able to forget.
"How long have you been waiting outside?" Steve asked softly, his voice coming out a little hoarse. Maybe the lump in his throat or the warmth he felt about touching Tony, or his heart beating so fast he could feel it in his temples.
"Me too." He whispered with a smile and they both laughed.
Steve has a hand on his hip and shifts his weight on one leg, revealing a glimpse of his thin waist perfectly highlighted by the gray waistcoat he is wearing under the dark blue jacket of his suit. A peculiar choice of color but very sexy nonetheless. It suits Steve perfectly. Everything does.
He vaguely heard Tony's smug voice apologizing. "I'm just here to see my boyfriend. Steve Rogers. He's my boyfriend. I'm Steve's boyfriend." He let escape a chuckle before frowning again and tried to walk away from here before something bad happened. Too late... His eyes met Tony's and for a split second, they locked into each other, drawn to each other like magnets. And Steve's heart skipped and clenched and he might have parted his lips but he would not admit that. He ignored the wave of warmth flushing down his body and pouted.
Tony glared, nostrils flaring. "How could you have
"The first time you let me fuck your ass, right on that bed."
The despise in Steve's voice made him shiver. So what if he had? What if he
He didn't know how he got there but he did. Now he was leaning against the wall, there was an old guy sucking him off. He couldn't see his face, wouldn't be able to even in plain sight, probably, but his hands seemed wrinkled. The guy insisted to lick Obie's cum out of his ass, Tony let him—even though he was still very sore. People were gross, not that he was judging... He did tell him about the blood though, out of concern. At least, he thought he mumbled something like that. He tended to do that now, because of Steve. The uneasiness made a sudden come back and he blacked out. When he was conscious again he was leaning, face up against the wall, and heard himself moan. It almost felt good. He wondered if he would ever be able to do that with Steve. Maybe Steve would like that, even though Tony wouldn't—
"I know." Steve finally says. "I don't care."
Tony huddled on himself, wishing he could crawl into a hole and never get out. He felt another shiver down his spine and the twinge in his heart intensified. "What do you want me to answer?"
He gave another non-response shrug as he didn't have any answers and looked away while he begged Steve to go, he didn't need another fight. Not now. "Can we go home now? I really wanna take a shower."
Tony can finally breathe. Steve's presence behind him, all around him, soothes him and all his upsetting thoughts ebb away slowly. Only the warmth of their bodies remains. Tony leans into the embrace and grabs his boyfriend's hand to entangle their fingers together.
Tony let escape an embarrassed laugh. "With my experience? I know I have a reputation but—" He stopped and the smile faded from his lips. His eyes were shining with something desperate and hurt, and anger. "I thought, you of all people, would understand." Steve's heart clenched. He didn't know what he had done to hurt Tony, but he had hurt Tony and he hated that and he hated himself for that. "Stereotypes do die hard, I guess." He sighed and looked at Steve sidelong.
"We don't want you to make another stupid mistake. You remember what happened the last time you strayed, right?"
know, he's never heard Steve actually say it. Never had a clue before either but now he can feel it, he can feel
Johann Schmidt cornered him out of the restrooms.
The expression on his face was probably reflecting how he felt at this very moment, horrified. His voice was almost shivering when he asked. "Since when?" He could feel his heart beating at his temples.
Steve startled and fell silent for a short moment. This was the first time that Tony used that word, to refer to himself. The first time he acknowledged, out loud, what had happened to him. That was a huge fucking step for him and Steve felt so moved for a while. He brought his hand to Tony's, the bandaged one, and rubbed it softly, making sure he would not to hurt him.
Steve brushed his thumb on his boyfriend's cheek. "Sorry." He whispered, but he was not sorry at all.
How about the fucking
"Because it would be gorgeous if you were..." The omega jokes, half-serious still.
Bucky shrugged. "I don't think it's as simple as that."
"Yeah but... what if...? what if—"
What is it that he needs to do, already? Right. Pups. Making pups, that's what he needs to do right now. An entire baseball team of pups. They should definitely start sooner rather than later, he's not getting any younger. At this rate, he's gonna have an attack in the year. Isn't He?
Tony made a funny face. "Because..." he said hesitantly, voice low and deep, "you don't have anyone to go with?"
Just like every morning Steve walked behind him and brushed his fingers on his boyfriend's back. Tony shivered and sighed melancholically so Steve stopped and wrapped his arms around him and enveloped him in a loving hug. He planted a silent kiss onto his neck, that made his boyfriend shiver again, and released him as soon as Tony grabbed his wrist to make him stay. He felt Tony's gaze linger on his back when he made them breakfast. Just like every morning Steve came back to the table with food and sat opposite Tony after leaving a bowl of cereals in front of him.
"Nothing touches you, does it?"
fair. Had no-one told him that already?
The nausea came back in the elevator, not because he reeked himself—he was kinda used to the smell by now, sadly—but because of Steve's repulsed face, because of his angry eyes and ominous silence. The creepy crawly feeling came back too. It itched, it scratched, it burnt. He wanted to crawl out of his skin, peel it off. He wanted to sink his nails into his skin and tear his flesh, to flay himself. Anything but the scornful stare of his boyfriend scorching him alive.
Steve raised his eyes to him and stared into his dark eyes. His heart skipped. Tony was smiling again. A shy, insecure but gentle smile.
teach that?
Steve blushed instantly and so did Tony, inconspicuously though. His smile faded to leave place to startled and embarrassed eagerness. Past the surprise, he smiled again, grinning widely and his eyes narrowed on Steve, challenging. "Really? How so?"
Steve had always dreamed of it, but he had never truly believed in it. He had never thought, not in a million years, that it would ever be possible for him, or for anyone, to find something as close to his idea of true love as this. A love that was so pure and fresh and passionate, even after those first moments that people wrongly believed they would last until they realized a few years, sometimes only a few months later, that it was just a flash in the pan. Steve still loved Tony as passionately, as intensely as he had loved him at the beginning. It had been such a long time and yet he could never imagine this would ever stop. As far as he was concerned anyway, those feelings would never change.
"So, how was it for you guys?" Betty asked, genuinely interested.
"That time when you kept rambling about Iron Man and Captain America, saying they were meant for each other and everything."
"I hate you guys..." Steve said feeling as hot as if he had eaten spicy chili. Everyone laughed teasingly.
The news stunned the audience.
"Yeah..." He husked out. "We'll see about that."
"You sure?" Bucky slurs against Tony's damp temple. The alpha's right hand comes back to grab the nape of his neck and he turns his head slowly planting his wet lips on Bucky's cheek and kissing the corner of his mouth.
He startled and raised his head in a jerk, moving his hands abruptly on the side. Tony laughed softly and tilted his head on the side, a warm smile brightening his face.
Tony shrugged and smiled reassuringly. "We're just different, Steve." He said after a moment of heavy silence. "The way I love you is different from the way you love me. I'm just saying that...you're
Steve doesn't look or sound disappointed, he just shrugs and says "okay" while texting Clint back. But maybe that's because they've been living rather independently so far, each of them doing their own things, and only seeing each other for the best moments. Life as a couple is relatively new to them. Maybe they need time to adjust. Tony does wonder if that's actually normal, only for a second or two, but he forgets about it soon enough because it suits him this time.
"We're gonna hang around at Sam's later." Bucky said with a dubious expression on his face. "Wanna come with us?"
It couldn't be
"You were bleeding, Steve." Sam exclaimed. "That sounds like a big deal to me."
"I owe you an explanation, Tony." Tony swallowed at the other end of the phone. "But maybe, we should talk in person?" Steve paused, trying to analyse Tony's reaction but he got none. "Are you free?"
He laughed again. "Captain America saved the day again." He heard himself say hoarsely.
Issue about Stark Industries, whose boss became an ally to Iron Man and Captain America.
His words were stuck in his throat and he was ashamed. He had no place to feel the way he felt but he couldn't help the lump growing in his throat. "So how did that happen?" He croaked out. "When did you two become a thing?"
"Yeah so?"
For a moment he manages to forget about Steve's overwhelming presence in the room, until he hears another voice. Less deep, less grounding. More mischievous, burning like a sweet fire. His chuckle just as biting. It is not any less enslaving.
The omega looks debauched. His lips are swollen, his eyes are hazy and his hair is still damp with sweat. He looks exhausted but still excited, heated and stimulated by his unending mating session, his scent mingled with the alpha's. His body is burning against him and his gaze is intense and his lips are wet and passionate. Felicia starts crying but he can't move. The omega smells like slick and cum and sex and pushes hard and holds him tight against the wall. His grip is shaking but strong. He breathes into his mouth. Bucky freezes. His dick hardens and slick starts wetting his insides, induced by the alpha scent pervading the room, everywhere where Steve has been.
Steve swallowed his cock eagerly, enjoying every inch of him that penetrated his mouth, his jaw stretched and hot with the furnace of Tony's shaft in his mouth. He sucked up and down the length until Tony's legs started shaking around him and he dropped his head into the pillows, clenching and unclenching his fists and panting heavily in the sheets.
"I really advise you against it." She said but didn't insist. "And you'll have to sign a discharge."
Something twinged in Steve's chest. He suddenly felt the need for useless specifications "I'm..." He hesitated. "I think I'm attracted to alphas though."
Overtime they have developed a strong connection based on trust, mutual respect, communication and a lot of tenderness. It involves a lot of submission on Bucky's part but Steve has realized quite quickly that Bucky needs this just as much, if not more, as Tony does. It makes sense in a way, Bucky has been forced on his knees for more than seventy years of his life. Twice Steve's age. A third of his life. It makes sense that it would bring him a sense of safety in the routine.
"Open your mouth, please," she said concentratedly, already preparing her torture tools. Tony complied, despite wanting to laugh at the irony of hearing this sentence again in that particular context. He felt at ease with her assertive strictness. "Hum... " She let out as she examined the inside of his mouth. "They didn't go easy on you, dear, did they? Your throat is a mess, boy, you'll have to slow down a little if you don't want to suffer irreversible damages. Soup and yogurt for you, for a week at least." She finally said while pushing softly his chin right and left with a firm thumb. "Nothing that needs immediate surgery though. You'll be fine, don't worry. It will heal itself, in time, but you should definitely take better care of yourself." Tony decided he liked her. He liked that she wasn't pampering him. "The good thing is," she added emotionlessly, "since urine is sterile, it helped cleaning the wound, granted none of your partners was carrying germs, indeed."
"That I'm omega." Steve muttered reluctantly. Something flickered in Tony's eyes.
"How can you be so sure?"
Finally.
Tony walked closer and put a reassuring hand on his shoulder. He shrugged. "I know that but... If you ever..." His voice faltered, his self-confidence plummeting. "I mean you don't have to, but you can, in case—"
Bucky chuckles. "Yeah, that's the point, actually. That's even
Tony turned his head back slowly, fixing his intense chocolate eyes on him. A soft smile appeared on his face and his eyes twinkled. "You really feel home in the penthouse?"
It's a whole new side of her that is awakening and it's the scariest thing of all.
The press conference was a complete disaster and Fury kept throwing looks at him, brows furrowed deep and creased at the middle.
"Yep." Steve answered quickly, conscious that he hadn't paid for any of it. "The whole package." He didn't dare look at him though, slightly embarrassed by the fact he had been profiteering a little. It had seemed the easiest option at the time, the one that was most convenient for all parties. He hadn't thought much of it actually. He didn't think Tony would care, they were given to him after all, but now, while his boyfriend stared at him questioningly, it looked bad. At least he was certain he had made a good deal out of it, that was something.
"Please, Steve." Bucky begs. And yes, he has managed to turn him off. The omega is still nuzzling against his nape but this time is more affectionate, with a tinge of despair in it. Steve can't feel Bucky's hard-on anymore but his hands are strongly splayed on his belly, determined to stay there and convince him. "I want another pup."
Steve nodded. He did remember. He had no idea they were a thing then and all he had felt toward Clint was misplaced jealousy and hostility. And he might have been zealously protective too.
It felt important somehow, to him.
The two omegas are so close to each other that their scents have started to mingle to the point it's become almost impossible to distinguish one from the other. Lately Tony feels like he doesn't really know their scents anymore. It's just a whiff of seductive omega smell. Today though he can smell Steve. Only Steve. The scent so vivid and intoxicating, just like the first time they met.
His mum remained silent. She just instinctively put her hand on his forehead to check his temperature but it had gone down, Steve had checked.
"Yeah," She agreed as something forlorn ran through her eyes. "I really didn't see myself in a relationship then."
Steve had a few chitchats in between flutes of champagne. He looked at Tony from time to time, trying to ignore the little pangs of jealousy he felt every time he gave a slightly insistent smile or a flirtatious pat or when he sexily threw his head back when he laughed. It was all part of his bold and charming public persona—that Steve hated—and he had forced himself to accept it. He particularly hated when Tony showed himself to be demonstratively seductive with women, invading their personal space, sliding a powerful hand on their slender waists or whispering in their ears. Steve knew his purpose was to make them spend more money. Women were generally more likely to be generous than their husbands. Still, the fact remained that Tony
His knees buckled and he staggered on the sidewalk until he collapsed on the asphalt, out of breath. He couldn't breath anymore and reached for his inhaler in his pocket, just in time. He sat there for a few minutes and when he could see clearly again he stood up and started walking back home.
Tony kissed him in response and carried him up, lifting him like he was a doll. Steve curled his legs around his waist and kissed him back, claiming everything he could from him.
"I..." He hesitated. "I don't think—" His eyes met Natasha's angry ones at that moment and glared at him possessively. "I don't think your dance partner would like that." He husked out.
He grabs Steve's neck with his usual strength and confidence to give him an aggressive passionate kiss. The gesture is brutal and urgent, even though Steve can sense a slight of vulnerability to Tony's assertive demeanor, and he stumbles a little while he melts into the kiss, letting his boyfriend sweep him off his feet. Tony surreptitiously slips his tongue inside and Steve moans in surprise. He leans into him, wanting more and lets Tony manhandle him in blissful pleasure. His boyfriend doesn't let go and Steve can barely breathe. He curls his arms around his waist, steadying himself against the grounded and solid shape of his boyfriend.
"Getting your kick out of being seen, huh? Sure, as you like."
"You look like I'm taking you to a slaughterhouse..." Tony explained, tone playful. "I can drop you off at the next bar if you'd rather..."
Steve pops another rose—red—out of nowhere and brushes the petals softly on Tony's face.
Tony plunged his intense stare into Steve's eyes, suddenly very serious. "I can be gentle," he whispered, voice a little hoarse, "when I want to."
Steve does, too. Steve deserves the world. And if Tony had an ounce of courage under his rotten skin he would grab it for him. For Steve... For Steve if he wasn't so vile and disgraceful. If he wasn't so lame. He would have done anything for Steve once.
Natasha smiled too, a fond smile on her lips. Thor was his usual ecstatic and nonchalant self. Sam was the only one among their friends who didn't smile.
She looked at him silently. "Your blood pressure is good, your heartbeat is steady," she paused, hesitating. "But I should really keep you in, just in case," she blurted after a moment of reflexion.
He felt Tony shudder in his arms and heard him gasp and swallow.
Steve smiled and shrugged, feeling his stomach unclench a little. He took his boyfriend's hand and squeezed, Tony squeezed back and they remained silent for a short moment before Steve opened his mouth again. "So..." He started, sounding nonchalant, "that Senator looked like a truly detestable person..."
The blow was hard and Steve's breathing was cut short. He let his mouth hang open and felt his cheeks flush again. "What's that supposed to mean?"
When the conversation finally quieted and diverted on other subjects Steve finally mustered up the courage to ask. The assembly was smaller, the smokers had been taking a break. Betty had left for the bathroom. It was only the sixth of them, Buck and Clint, Bruce, Steve, Sam and Natasha.
He found himself in front of the bar again. There were three guys now. Also in their mid-late-thirties. Tony couldn't really distinguish their faces well. He stumbled and one of them caught him, he thought... Or maybe that was another patron, he wasn't sure. He was thirsty.
Steve looked sad. He looked
This is fucked up. Everything is fucked up but he can't let him go like this. James is his omega and the father of his daughter and James was there for him all those months. He picked up the pieces of Tony's heart one by one and tried to glue them together. He was there to make sure Tony survived Steve's absence. He deserves better than a three minutes fuck and being knotted on bare knees on the hard entrance floor of the penthouse.
Steve ignored the pang of disappointment in his chest and nodded again, rising on his feet. Tony's hand moved and brushed Steve's again. Maybe purposely, maybe not. Steve felt another jolt of electricity at the touch. He stared up into Tony's eyes which didn't seem to let go. He held his stare until the boy averted his eyes.
"I want you too," Tony whispers. "I love you." Steve pinches his lips and closes his teary eyes.
He paused, to catch his breath. "And, to be honest, I don't know if that was love or something else entirely. But from that moment on, my heart didn't stop racing and I felt breathless and couldn't take my eyes off him."
"Please don't do that!" Steve snapped, cocking his head away.
Tony chuckled softly, eyes mocking. "It's for a good cause." He said with a gentle, slightly husky voice.
He ran to the bathroom as soon as he got in, stripped in no time and didn't wait for the water to run hot to jump into the small shower. He let it ran down his sore limbs, thinking it would make him feel better. It didn't. Nothing did. The warmish water wasn't relaxing like it should be, it wasn't cleansing. Nothing could. He scrubbed and scrubbed with the roughest washcloth he found but the stench wouldn't go away, neither would the sickness. How could it? It came from inside, from his rotting and perverted soul. If he ever had one... He kept rubbing desperately until he gave up and broke down, leaning his head against the tiled wall, helpless. He wished he could cry. He wanted to cry so much. Instead he started hyperventilating, heart racing in panic and pounding hard in his chest. His body hurt so much. Every part hurt.
Tony shakes his head as he gives the joint back to Clint. "Nope."
Steve had no idea how long he kept caressing him, he was so fired up that each of Tony's touch brought him deeper into an exulting haze. He gave up control entirely and let Tony play with him.
"And besides, if you wanna have a baseball team better start now."
He ran down the stairs and rushed toward the entrance door, opened it and Tony, all soaked in his dark hoodie, loomed over him, the only thing Steve could see, his dark eyes gleaming in the shadows. His heart skipped in his chest. His amazing smell suddenly enveloping him like a warm and comforting blanket. He opened his mouth but couldn't say anything. He was hypnotized. By the beauty of him, by the intensity of his stare. The hand that was holding the door was shaky and Steve remained silent and still for a long moment until the erratic breathing of the alpha snapped him out of it. He stared at his flaring nostrils and ran his eyes down his face, following the contour of his jaw and the curve of his parted lips.
Something dark and lewd flickered in his boyfriend's eyes and he bit his lips sensually, gasping softly when Steve tugged on his hair. His entire body was vibrating under Steve's weight and his bold hands grabbed Steve's slender waist and ran up his sides, trying to sneak underneath.
He was feeling a lot today, it seemed.
"And you think
Steve was so glad they had waited.
He doesn't need to be scared anymore, he
He goes to Clint and Bucky's small balcony and clutches the railing with too much strength. He needs to breathe. Every time he releases the railing, his hand trembles with the need to hold something. It used to be his way-out. Now that he smoked something again after three months of abstinence his entire body craves for it. It's a reflex, a conditioned response. It feels like nothing else can help him calm down the uneasiness growing in his heart and his flesh. He wishes he could scream it out, beat it out of him. He wishes Steve hadn't stopped him from drinking more. Alcohol soothes the side-effects of withdrawal symptoms and his anxiety and his depressive thoughts and it dulls his memory. Why isn't it enough? There are so many things he wishes he could forget.
Steve froze and turned to him questioningly but Sam had already opened his door and rushed out to open Steve's and offer him a hand. Steve glared at him. "Seriously?"
Tony's treacherous heart skips at the sight of Steve's radiant smile, warming and illuminating his daughter's face like a godly ray of light. She smiles back and looks up at him, fascinated by the faces he's making her. She laughs and he laughs and the sound is so warm it almost ignites a sparks from the cold stone weighing dead in Tony's chest.
"I'm really sorry, Steve." He said, never letting go of his eyes.
"Tony..." He whispered. "Is this about us? Or about that party again?"
He hears Steve sit down in front of him and they eat together in silence and his heart is fluttering, just because of his boyfriend's warm and reassuring presence next to him. Tony doesn't dare look up and stare at him. He is afraid he might blush or something or just smile goofily against his will. Steve probably knows Tony is not completely sane, he'd just rather he didn't know how far and deep his craziness actually goes. Some things are better left in the dark. That doesn't mean Tony isn't being honest with his boyfriend, because he is. He tries to be, at least. As honest as he can. He knows how important this is to Steve.
—preys.
"Hey, did you notice his watch? You're gonna marry money, Rogers."
"Yeah, I do. Does it matter?"
"I know you." Steve carried on. "And I know that something's been wrong since that party." Tony eyes flickered with pain, he looked away for a split second and looked back into Steve's eyes, looking miserable. "And it's killing me to see you like this..." Steve whispered in a shuddering breath. "I don't know what to do, and it's killing me. You keep saying that everything's fine when obviously you're not. And I
Tony laughed loudly, his deep guttural laugh, and threw his head back. His smile a little smug. Then he turned back to Steve, eyes shining intently, honest and pure. "Thank you babe." He whispered sensually. "It a sweet surprise and a great idea."
"I know." He says with a pained voice. "I don't want you to. Buck's part of my life, and he's part of yours. That doesn't mean we can't be together. I pushed you into his arms—"
Tony threw a burning glance at him as he propped up on his elbows. "Not fair! You still look like you're 21 while I look
"I never wanted to get pregnant. I hate the thought of it. Just imagining another being growing inside me makes me feel nauseous."
Bucky is drifting away next to him on the vast ocean that is their alpha's strength, completely free but never lost. It is the most wonderful feeling Steve has ever had. The two omegas keep touching each other, caressing each other for hours. They have orgasms without even coming. Just with their minds. They don't know if it's them or the other one, or Tony. It's insane, absolutely wonderfully, mind-blowingly insane.
made him feel hot.
Oh so naturally, the alpha finds himself buried balls-deep into Steve again, like pulled inside by some sort of force or magical power. They fit together, slot into one another, so perfectly it's almost eerie and so
"No. You don't." Steve insists.
"Fuck, it's hot in here." He huffed out.
"Were you perhaps coerced in some ways into performing sexual acts you didn't explicitly consent to?"
His boyfriend looked at him perplexedly but didn't make any comment. "Okay." He said after a moment, still looking at a loss, and Steve found that very cute.
In fact, one of Tony's secret fantasies is to see Steve fight for him. He hopes it never happens though, because the last thing he wants is for Steve to hurt himself, but in the darkest places of his head he does imagine it and his entire self vibrates at the thought, just like it did the first time he met him.
Tony pinches his lips and looks at himself again, heart wavering, as stable as a man standing on a board in the middle the raging sea. He feels himself fall. "I..." He hesitates. "I didn't think it would only be the two of us, didn't even think we would actually go out." He admits embarrassedly, pulling on his clothes again, as some kind of explanation for his poor appearance.
After that first move they both felt awkward around each other for a few days but then Steve actively tried to change that. It all started with a doodle.
"I don't
what I said, babe!" Steve shouted frustratingly. "I was upset. I was angry and frustrated because you won't fucking
that was your best chances at fulfilling your potential."
"I didn't hear you."
"Mr Rogers, is it true that you're planning to kill Iron Man during the Infinity Wars?"
Steve's response was biting again, and sardonic. "Really? How thoughtful!" It didn't suit him. Sarcasm was Tony's thing, not Steve's. Steve was supposed to roll his eyes and find it cute. He wasn't supposed to sound so mirthless and bitter when he spoke. "Why would you do that, though?" The words came out painfully from Steve's mouth and his stare was murderous. Tony's heart started racing to the point it hurt.
with the alpha's scent.
he said with a soft voice and then he stared right back into Steve's eyes. "but I was serious about you. Right from the start."
Natasha smiled and stared at her belly, fondling it. "I guess..." She said. "I hope so. I'm a bit worried about our age difference but I'm glad no-one said anything about it yet..."
he had a boyfriend too. It was quite unsettling actually. Everything was and he was more confused than anything else. Had he known... People were already gossiping, speculating about him, about Sam, about Bucky. It wasn't that strange in fact, knowing that only five percent of the population was alpha. Sam, Buck and Natasha were the only alphas at school Steve knew of. And Banner apparently, who was alpha too, according to Tony, but didn't want anyone to know. Steve was starting to understand why. All those years, Steve had wanted one thing: present as an alpha. Be like Bucky. Be respected. Now that it was happening, it was just scary and overwhelming. All this unwanted attention, all this gossiping, this strangeness. People were suddenly wary around him. He should have taken scent-confusers...
Steve was in a daze for a short moment but after some time he pushed his boyfriend away and rolled them over on the bed, pressing Tony's back into the mattress and taking control. Tony let him and spread his legs a little. Steve settled in the crook of his arms and kissed his chest, hand wandering up and down his stomach, creeping further and further down into his pants. His boyfriend shivered and tensed under his touch but melted into it. Steve finally climbed on top of him and started kissing his way down. He wiggled in between his legs and tugged on his pants, pulling them off. He did the same with his underwear and Tony was spread bare-assed on his bed, cock proudly sprung up and eyes hazy, intent on Steve. He propped himself up on his elbows and stared down at Steve, silently waiting for his reward. He spread his legs a little more, invitingly.
Steve may have or may have not hated English class.
Obie kicked him in the thigh. "Get a grip on yourself, boy. You have a dinner to attend to."
"As your medical doctor, I shall really advise you against that kind of practices, especially when under the influence of drugs." She said while she looked into his eyes and ears, listened to his heart and kept asking questions about the potential symptoms he had had. "There is no safe way to do it, even with experienced partners. It might affect your lungs, your heart, your brain, you whole body... in a permanent way." Tony felt his heart heave at the word
"No, I don't..." Steve whispered reluctantly, averting his eyes. "Seriously, though." He asked, sounding calmer. "What are you doing here?"
Steve was
Tony feels a sudden and unexpected pang in his chest. He thinks his smile faded a little and swallows with difficulty. That's not something Tony has ever been ashamed of. He honestly doesn't think there's something wrong with being promiscuous and he's never judged anyone for it. But those words, in Steve's mouth, when he's looking at him like that... they make him feel dirty and something unsettling pools in his stomach.
The media never stopped commenting on the undying support they had for each other's careers and how they kept promoting each other's work through their respective jobs.
"I don't have sex toys!" His boyfriend exclaimed, almost sounding outraged.
Although, the idea might have crossed his mind once or twice but that wasn't something anyone should ever admit, he thought. Tony stared at him with mischievous eyes. "Liar." He said with a dancing smile and he dropped his head on Steve's chest again, let out a long exhausted hum and slumped down on Steve completely, already falling asleep.
And for those moments when Steve is not here... Well, Tony has work. To keep his mind busy and his anxiety under control.
The image of his mother frowning at him appeared in front of his eyes, unwilling to go. Steve suddenly realized the position he was in, the hardness so unbreakable in his pants and the strong shape of Tony above him. Their scents so strong and dizzying around the compartment. Had he lost his mind? What was he doing?
Except Tony is a dummy. A stupid hopeless knucklehead alpha who is just as blind as a bat. He's so oblivious it's sad. Sad and pathetic. He has two omegas and can't even be bothered to fuck them. He's so busy wallowing in self-pity he doesn't even
And now that Steve came back, now that alpha and the omega are reunited again. Now that he has been excluded from the bond they share, he has been developing a bond of his own.
"Lies." He snapped. Why would his friends tease him like this, purposely being mean? Hadn't he had his share of hurt for tonight?
Steve listened to his boyfriend, the moment suspended in the air, and realized he didn't care about it anymore. What bothered him was not what had happened that day but rather the nonchalance Tony showed. As if none of this mattered. "It doesn't bother you, not knowing?"
are, regardless of your gender. And I
Steve tiptoed and caught the back of his boyfriend's head with his other hand, so he could kiss more, and the temperature rose between them. He shoved his tongue into Tony's mouth who moaned in surprise but melted into the kiss so beautifully.
Thor explained how he thought Jane was really pretty and tried it out with her but was harshly rejected, which piqued his interest. He got to know her and became genuinely interested. "But she kept ignoring me and rejected all my attempts with a disdainful glare." He finally said.
Steve felt a shiver running up his spine, giving him goosebumps. He had the very bad feeling that their first night together at the Tower was turning sour even before it started. "
"You know this is a very public place, babe."
"Captain Rogers says he's sore and exhausted and can't take care of your needs anymore, Sir."
"Clint and Buck have been trying to sandwich me for years anyway!"
needs to put some distance between Steve and that Loki guy. He makes a beeline for the couch, staggering a little—
Had he been expelled? Did he have family problems? Had he been bullied at his former school? People always started making assumptions and not knowing only made it worse. This Stark guy didn't make exception Steve reckoned and, as soon as the Principal had left the room, whispering started, pernicious and vile, spreading like a highly contagious disease among the students.
Steve feels the two hands of the omega slide around his waist and land on his belly. Bucky nuzzles into his neck, legs cupping him from behind, fingers fondling his resolutely firm and flat belly.
Steve. Beautiful Steve. Brilliant Steve. Steve, the man of his life. His soulmate. Free and untamed Steve. Perfect Steve. The sunlight in a room. The oxygen in the air. The pure water springing out of a mountain, bringing life all around.
Tony let out a surprised giggle and raised an eyebrow at him. "You called me to tell me you'd
Steve's heart is not in it but he won't let their last moments together turn into a sad and pathetic pity-party. It is their last weekend and Steve fully intends to make the most of it. His mum is on duty all weekend and if Happy drops Tony off tonight only to pick him on Sunday afternoon, no-one else needs to know. They're so lucky Happy and Jarvis approve of them.
Bucky touches his belly, hands warm on his womb, and he
"I remember."
Loki shrugs. "I know you didn't." He takes another swig of his beer and gives him a gentle smile. Tony's curiosity is suddenly aroused.
Tony stared back, quiet, lips parted. Steve knew he could see right through him and it made him uncomfortable. "No, I won't." He said curtly and paused to let it sink in, purposely being mean. "If you want your painting back then buy it yourself!"
He beamed when his last essay was dropped carelessly on his table and he saw the grade. He tried to keep his joy to himself as he glanced at Johan Schmidt's twisted mouth. No need for useless provocation, it was satisfying enough knowing. He still grinned silently at Sam and showed him the paper. Sam smiled back at him but there was something off about his expression and Steve suddenly felt the pain on his head slightly throbbing again.
What question?
—they broke up, Steve wouldn't have anything to himself but a pile of cash and a lot of regrets. But neither of them made any comment about it. His decision was made.
"Steve does too." He groans. "He just doesn't know it yet. Having heats is in our nature. We should embrace them. Steve is just scared to ask you..."
Steve slipped his fingers into his hand and grabbed it firmly. "I said I'll come, didn't I?" Steve said resolutely and then he dropped his boyfriend's hand to cup his cheek and give him a languorous kiss, because he was a little stressed out and Tony looked so fucking good in his three-pieces tuxedo and Steve had pretty much wanted to do that as soon as he saw him standing in front of the elevator, waiting for him with a sly smile.
"He had an important incoming call when I came back." Jane said casually, attention still fixed on Bucky and Clint. She put her chin on her joined hands and stared at them with sparkling eyes. So did everyone who wasn't Natasha.
"I don't remember..."
Tony glances at him, showing a wide smile. He swallows another swig and closes his eyes to appreciate all the flavors. "Great." It is heavy-laden though.
Tony's rasp and mellow tongue obliged and licked up to tip of his cock, leaving a trail of saliva along his shaft. He grazed at the stretched skin underneath before swallowing the head.  Again he played with his teeth and rolled his tongue around and moaned around Steve's cock, teasing him until his mind went blank. Steve's body was shaking, frozen in pleasure, incapable of focusing on anything else, otherwise he would have noticed maybe that his boyfriend was as desperate and wanting as he was the moment. He just closed his eyes and let himself relish in the pleasure. He whined and panted and his chest was heaving, and his knees were buckling, and his grip on the bookcases was so strong he almost dented them.
Johann vanished through the door and purposely jostled Tony's shoulder as he staggered away. "Mind your own business, Stark." He shouted when he was far enough. Tony's eyes followed him unconcernedly and turned back to Steve, questioning.
"Well," Loki starts, grinning sheepishly. He still can't look at Tony in the eye. "I guess I needed a change."
He had presented.
They couldn't go on like this. Someone needed to root out the evil. They really needed to talk. But he had the horrible, horrible feeling that he had missed his chances with him.
"I know everything you do, everyday of the week." Tony replied casually.
Tony smiled and interrupted Steve with a finger on his mouth. "Alright." He said amusedly. "No need to rush." Then he leant over and kissed Steve again, softly this time, while his hands fumbled with Steve's pants. He pulled up his shirt and slipped his hands underneath and played them on Steve's chest, fingers running along his ribs. Steve shivered all over, a jolt of electricity running down his spine. It burnt everywhere Tony's fingers brushed his skin. He let escape a throaty growl and his hands unconsciously grabbed Tony's wrists, stopping him instantly.
"Yeah. I'm pretty sure homework-doing is happening a lot." Clint exclaimed crudely while doing an obscene gesture with his hand and mouth.
Clint puts a firm comforting hand on his shoulder and presses it gently. "Don't do this to yourself, man."
Steve gulped down the rest of his drink and despite feeling his head spin a little he quickly strode there and slid his hand possessively around Tony's waist, slipping his fingers underneath his waistcoat and holding him close. The gesture might have been a little clumsy, overprotective and a little too demanding, maybe slightly inappropriate too, for that kind of event. They usually didn't make a habit of being overtly affectionate with each other, especially in public. He felt a little stupid and blamed it on the alcohol but Steve had needed to mark his territory either way.
"You're scared that it's gonna be so amazing that you're gonna love it too much and lose your own mind."
He watched her swirl around helplessly, mesmerized by her natural beauty. The retrained anger barely distorting her pretty face. "Hey! Watch out, cunt!"
Steve's hand keeps fondling Tony's cheek. "I know how much you're struggling. And frankly, when I asked you stop, I never thought you'd take it so seriously. I know you haven't smoked one cigarette since that day on the rooftop. And it's okay if you're tired or if you need to chill out or if you'd rather stay home and rest... or work. I know you're doing this for me, Tony, and I wanna say that..." Steve grabs Tony's face with both hands and looks at him with hesitancy. "that moving in with you was one of the best decisions I've made in my life. Just like every forward step I took in our relationship. You make me so happy, baby."
They both comply, feeling smug.
Tony's face changed colors as Steve spoke while he slowly realized what Steve meant and he stared at him with wide-opened eyes. "You want me to top?" He exclaimed surprisedly. Steve looked into his eyes with a mix of anxiety, desire and confusion. "I mean, yeah... I can do that but..." Tony muttered hesitantly, "I've never topped an alpha before."
Steve had absolutely no idea what this was about. He looked at the screen.
Steve's mind went crazy. He whimpered and grabbed his boyfriend's head with his two hands, tangling his fingers in his hair. He ruffled and grabbed and pulled while Tony's lips were sliding up and down his cock. Tony was the one holding to the bookshelves behind them now and Steve tightened his grip and thrust into his mouth while pushing onto his head, further and further until he penetrated his throat again and Tony lost balance and whimpered as he gagged on his cock. That was Steve's cue. It was his turn to give the rhythm now and he fucked hard into his boyfriend's mouth, wrecking his throat with a desperate rage, pushing further and further and staying there until his boyfriend couldn't breathe anymore. Tony moaned and cried maybe. He vibrated around his cock and shivered as each thrust made his knees slide back on the floor. Steve accelerated using his boyfriend's mouth to find release. He knew Tony was enjoying himself, because he knew his boyfriend. Tony liked being roughed up and Steve liked... pleasing Tony. And he was so close now.
"Change of plan." Steve said and grabbed him by the hand before pulling him towards his bike in a quicker pace.
Why did he do that to him? Had he been a better person he would have left a long time ago. He should have kept to the darkness he belonged to instead of tainting Steve's purity with his filth. He should have gotten out of his air. He should have never given him his number. He should have never tried to talk to him. He should have never tried to look at him. Tony wasn't supposed to look at him anyway, at anyone really. Tony was supposed to look down and be used. Not the other way around.
"Why didn't you bring them home?"
He wasn't a fool to think that mind-blowing make up sex would be enough to fix all of their problems but at least they were still doing this thing together and the rest they would figure out in time. Steve was ready to compromise and he wasn't giving up, despite everything. He was terrified but he wasn't giving up.
An explosion of flavor, fireworks in his chest and butterflies fluttering in his stomach. Steve tiptoed for better leverage and closed his eyes, he could see the entire galaxy. He could touch the stars. It was like flying, like being free for the first time of his life. He trembled in Tony's embrace. The kiss was yet soft and all very chaste but Steve's lost himself completely in it and his hands slid around Tony's neck on their own, grabbing onto him, while Tony's arms curled gently around him, holding him close. It was amazingly soft and gentle and everything Steve ever wanted and more.
"I asked the cleaning staff to turn on the heater a couple of days ago so we wouldn't be cold." Steve explained as he washed his hands. Tony wiped his on his loose jeans and wiped his face with his shirt. Steve looked at his trimmed three-day stubble still glistening with sweat and his tousled hair, sticking up messily. He felt the urge to rake a hand into it and catch his mouth into a hot and filthy kiss but refrained. They had a busy day ahead. He couldn't resist staring at the strong line of muscles that disappeared into the collar of shirt, eyes lingering on the sweaty olive skin of his neck and the heaving movement of his tight chest.
"You know perfectly well that's not what happened." His friend chokes out. "I've never shared a heat with
A sly grin spreads on Clint's face and he chuckles. "Alright," he consents. "Let me get those to the others first and come with me."
"Close your eyes." Steve commanded in a raspy voice. His boyfriend obliged, chuckling sensually at the overly dominant tone. His lips curled up amusedly and he ran the tip of his tongue on his bottom lip, sucking in a soft breath. "I know what you need." Steve husked out while grabbing his boyfriend's hands to pull them away.
"Sorry..."
"You too." The omega says while looking at him sideways, staring inconspicuously.
"He's my boyfriend." Tony just said.
The moment felt awkward but not long enough to be embarrassing. Steve turned around and stared at the other alpha who was still gaping at them. "Sam?Wanna kiss me, too? I think I need more samples to get a good idea."
Steve startled and opened wide eyes. "What for?"
The boy packed up his stuff conscientiously and Steve tried not to envy him and how tall and handsome he was. He bent down to catch his bag and pack. When he rose back his eyes met the boy's. He was looking at him, piercing through him. A smirk on his lips. And then his smile seemed to soften, something melancholic pooling in his eyes, or maybe in Steve's heart, only for a split second. Something leapt in his chest and he tried to look away but the two dark marbles were like magnets. The boy was smirking again and he gave Steve a wink as he turned around and left the classroom.
"Get back to work!"
Steve curled an arm around his shoulder and let escape a growl, remembering he was an alpha in rut with an omega sprawled on him. He brought a hand to his face and entangled his fingers in his soft hair, removing them gently from his face. Tony's splayed hand rubbed softly up and down his chest, a sweet burn through the fabric of his shirt. "Is this okay?" He asked softly.
The caption read "MoMA curator."
Did that mean Tony had maybe hit rock bottom?
It wasn't anymore.
Then make pups. Plant his seeds.
Tony smiled again, looking smug. He stared intently in Steve's eyes, never letting go, challenging. "Move in with me, then."
"'kay" He shrugged and followed Steve up the stairs to his bedroom. Steve was glad he had taken the time to clean up last night's mess before calling Tony. It was quite embarrassing as it was but Tony didn't pay attention. He was his usual, non-judging—never judging—self and looked around with the same fascination he looked at everything Steve did, without paying attention to the dull decor.
"I don't
Bucky's fucked from both sides, his alpha's knot assaulting his throat, his omega's fist wrecking his insides. During the short moments of consciousness that hit him from time to time, he can only feel how amazing it feels until he's back to floating, mind flying to a land of pure bliss.
Tony's smile died down on his lips and he frowned at him. "Is that what he asked you?"
"So what now?" Steve asked, not really meaning it. The question might seem a little out of the blue but again, it was genuine. If you looked closely, what did they share except stolen moments? "Can we really do this? I mean, what's the point of carrying on with this relationship if we're not capable of finding time for each other?"
Bucky was sulky the day before, maybe because he was scared or apprehensive, Steve wasn't sure. Steve had pressed his hand on his shoulder in an attempt to reassure him. It was strange how calm he felt at that moment when a year before his stomach churned with jealousy. What had changed? Steve wasn't really sure. Maybe he had.
Tony felt a pang in his chest. He knew he had fucked up, thank you very much. Tony fucked up, period. Tony wasn't a good person. He was selfish and he ruined everything he touched. Steve knew Tony was fucked up and he accepted him anyway. He had insisted when Tony gave him an out. Tony really wished he could give Steve was he wanted but what Steve wanted was so out of his reach he would never be able to. He
a place." Steve exclaimed amusedly as he sat up slowly and leant forward to cup his boyfriend's cheeks in gentle hands. "I live here now, don't I?" He muttered softly.
Bucky feels the desire shoot up his spine, making him feel dizzy. He tightens his embrace around the alpha. "Yeah?" He asks in a soft whisper tickling his ear.
Tony had nothing to answer for himself. Except that he didn't give a shit about million dollars contracts. That he didn't live for money. That his boyfriend, Steve, lived in a dump, ate plain pasta everyday, had been struggling with two fucking jobs to meet ends before and that he was happier Howard had ever been in his life. Tony wouldn't mind giving it all up to live that life with Steve. He couldn't say that to Howard though. Howard would never understand.
Tony tugs on Steve's arm to bring him in front of him and wraps his arms around his small built. He hides his face into his neck. "I'm sorry..." He grumbles shamefully.
"Definitely head over heels for you." Clint added. Steve blushed and stared at his boyfriend guiltily, Tony didn't react though, he kept smiling.
A good thing his mum was on the night shift tonight. A moment of weakness and the guilt came back. Tony's helpless face floating in his mind. A rush of warmth invaded him.
Obie's resolute hand pushed on his back to bend him over. Tony caught himself on the wall before falling over the toilet bowl and splayed his two hands against the tiles. He was tall enough to stand on his feet now, even if he had to tiptoe. His legs were shaking and Tony shuddered when the man tugged his pants down and grabbed his hips possessively.
I fell for your crap..." He choked out in a shuddering breath, feeling outraged. "You totally played me with your 'I don't wanna be on my own' bullshit. You're a fraud. You
"On the off-chance that you really needed my help." Steve mumbled in reply. "I saw—" He hesitated, words stuck in his throat. "I saw a glimpse of desperation in your eyes. And I couldn't—" He felt another shiver down his spine. "I couldn't take that risk..." He rasped. "I couldn't let you down. I didn't even think about it, then. I guess, at that time, your well-being meant more to me than my relationship..."
Tony chuckles again and stares at the double-ended dildo—of quite a
Steve grinned and planted a kiss on his boyfriend's sugary lips, ignoring the fast beating of his heart that Tony's heart-wrenching revelation had just provoked.
it, although it was hard to accept. Pepper's words were coming back to him. They were making so much more sense now. Maybe. He stared tentatively in Tony's eyes, they were slightly hazy and melancholic. They were looking higher and further Steve would ever be able to.
He paused, staring right into Steve's eyes, pain distorting his expression. His chest was heaving erratically. "Just for the sake of saying you could do this on your own." He muttered and Steve looked down in shame.
Bucky can feel it, it hits him like a tsunami. He stumbles forward, sprawled on the alpha's back. Tony is feral and Bucky licks the bleeding scratches on his back and rubs his hard dick between his legs, stroking his tight, sore balls in the process. Tony stills and straightens up, falling backwards into his embrace. He reclines his head on Bucky's shoulder and Bucky curls his metal arm around his chest, pressing him against him. The alpha releases his grip on Steve's left hip and reaches the back of Bucky's head, raking his fingers into his long hair.
Tony's excited rambling resumed as soon as they were out of the room. He dragged Steve out of the museum, as if nothing had happened. He put his felt coat on enthusiastically, already going on about their dinner to come, spewing nonsense. Steve was still amazed at Tony's capability to maintain such a dense conversation for so long without ever repeating himself. Once outside, Tony pulled his black leather gloves on, his smile was spread wide on his freshened face. He took Steve's hand again, instinctively, nonchalantly, and they walked to the restaurant together, because it was just a few blocks away. Tony had quieted when they arrived. He was squeezing Steve's hand proudly and contemplated the city around them. Steve looked at him sidelong, heart fluttering. Tony looked so happy and so innocent at times.
If only they knew, that the only male omega at school was actually Tony Stark. Steve internally laughed thinking about it but quickly forgot the feeling as the he felt the burning stares on him. It was like being Mose when he parted the sea. The students moved away to let him through the crowd. Silence all around him as he marched along the corridor, conquering. Everyone quiet but some amazed whisperings. He was
Dark-haired guy laughed. "Unless..." He started with a lewd smile and a perverted glint in his eyes. "That's something you're into?"
Then he remembered he had programmed JARVIS to send Steve to voicemail every time Howard or Obie were in immediate proximity. Neither of them need know of Steve's existence. It was bad enough they had both guessed Tony had someone important in his life, important enough at least to dare standing up to them. Tony had always had a nasty rebellious streak but both men had managed to dampen his spirit by systematically squashing his miserable attempts. This was most certainly going to bite him back in the ass soon and he needed to be more careful in the future, granted Tony would be able to keep Steve in his life long enough for anything to happen, of course. Which was very unlikely.
They got started with animated discussions while Steve wasn't really attentive, lost in his thoughts again. It was not his scene and he felt uncomfortable in his clothes despite knowing how good he looked in them. His eyes traveled aimlessly across the room and fell on them.
Tony chuckled behind him, sounding slightly mischievous.
"I'm cold..." He whispered.
Tony kept looking at him but didn't say anything. He felt strangely distant and Steve's uneasiness started to grow in his chest. They were not fine and he was helpless. He felt the tears prickle at the corners of his eyes. "Please talk to me, Tony." He begged in a shuddering voice, his hand still warm on Tony's.
happened because of your second break-up in 2016?"
The rest he didn't have.
Tony brought his cigarette to his mouth and inhaled the last drag before pinching the butt away over the railing, something he
Clint just comforts him silently and waits until he feels better.
"I know it's confusing," he answers looking pensive. "But it's one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I'm a super hero."
Tony can't even look at him without thinking about everything that happened between them. How Barnes became James and James became Jamie and Jamie became Bucky. Would Bucky have consented then? If he had been himself?
How he envies the other omega's smooth sensuality at this moment. How he wishes he could just
Steve's rage deflated like a balloon and he dropped his head back on the lawn.
"Ouch."
Tony melted into the kiss before he pulled back, both hands on Steve's shoulders. "There's one room I'd like you to see..." He husked out, still flustered by Steve's hot kiss.
What is amazing is that Bucky was right. Nature knows best. It turns out that in a pack with several omegas when they're in heat at the same time in the presence of pups, their heat alternate with moments of clarity during the day so they can take turns in looking after the pups while the other is at it with the alpha.
"I really sorry about last night." Tony repeated, a little less urgently. "I'm sorry if I came on too strongly but I really don't want you to misunderstand my intentions." Steve was hung on his words and stared desperately at the movement of his lips, unable to look him in the eyes. He felt an embarrassing blush creeping on his face but couldn't say or do anything but listen to the strongly resolved alpha. "I really do like you, Steve. I know I've been a bit clumsy trying to ask you out and I'm sorry about it but I like you. I have, for a long time, and—" Steve watched him as his resolve faded and he started losing composure, anxiousness slightly distorting his beautiful features. Something clenched his chest, something that stopped him from saying anything. "And it's not because of what you are but because of
him. He did, unconsciously, before pulling himself back together. The fragrance unreadable but so delicious in his nose. All his senses were going haywire. He wanted to keep sniffing but refrained.
Tony. It's way past lunch break now, anyway. It's too late."
Steve had to wait. After years of being on the strongest suppressants, his cycles were fucked up, even with the serum. (Perhaps, especially because of the serum and the specificities of those incredibly powerful suppressants that were made just for him.) It took some time before his body got the clue. His first heat in almost a decade hit him hard.
From then on the touches were bolder, more regular, more sensual. Both of them seeking more every time. Until they finally fucked.
The omega's gaze was intent and he had both his hands holding Steve's shoulders. "Let them make them. They have no proof. It doesn't matter... Don't worry about it." He relaxed and dropped his head in the crook of Steve's neck, sighing. "You sure this is okay?"
"Do you think it depends on the way you look and the people you're attracted to?"
Tony raised a hand and ran it softly on Steve's cheek, brushing his hair off his face. He pinched his lips and wetted them sensually. "You're okay with everyone knowing about this? After all my efforts to be the "woman" in our relationship?" His expression changed from tender to cheeky and teasing in an instant.
"Come on." Steve teased. "Let me touch your knot. So, I'll get an idea before I get to the real deal."
His boyfriend keened frustratingly. "Fuck, Steeeeve...." Steve heard as he spasmed uncontrollably through the aftershocks of his orgasm. He kept rocking slowly into his boyfriend's ass, seeking his own pleasure and moaning shamelessly, and he finally collapsed on top of him, giving him a sloppy kiss. He opened his eyes, in a daze, and was met with two glaring dark marbles.
