“I am an open book,” Steve lies. “You may put your finger on any page of me.” They blink at each other and Steve’s words hang there between them. He hadn’t meant that like it sounded.
“Quite well, thank you, captain. It is good to see you. Sir Anthony is always the better for your company.” The way he says it indicates that Sir Anthony is definitely not the better right now and Mr Jarvis firmly believes he requires some improvement.
“That makes me feel better,” Barton says. “I thought I was losing my touch. Usually when I shoot someone they go down. When I shoot them twice, they don’t get back up.”
Every step feels heavier, like he’s dragging himself up a hill, but the hallway is as level and straight as it has always been, even if it feels more constricting. His shoulders seem to be almost colliding with the walls every time he takes a step.
“I told him that he had been nothing but courteous and I reassured him that his private life was his own business and none of my concern.”
“But not all his followers are,” Sam says. “Maybe we’ll be lucky, but it doesn’t hurt to be prepared. There are rumours of Hydra forces still at large. If Sir Anthony has something up his sleeve, I’d like to have it ready and waiting, in case we aren’t lucky.”
The wind whips his face, surely turning his cheeks a brilliant red, but he ignores it, still staring downwards. The clouds look soft and inviting below them, almost solid. But he knows if he touched them they would disappear like an illusion.
It wasn’t meant to be a conspiracy blog. He titled it Punching Upwards, because that’s what he wanted it to do, and it had started out as him shouting into the void.
“I may take you up on that offer,” Sir Anthony says, then finally releases Steve’s hand back to him. “Farewell Captain Rogers… Captain Wilson.”
“Instead you’re stuck in there,” Steve says. If this is Zola, then what he’s talking about is straight out of science fiction. But… he’s seen impossible things before. There’s an actual Norse god who lives in New York. If it isn’t Zola, then… well, they’re definitely not the good guy.
“Shut up, Buck,” Steve mutters automatically, before remembering that Bucky isn’t there. He shakes his head, as though that will rid the chaos from his mind. He straightens his jacket again and reaches up to knock, but before the first blow lands, the door is swinging open and a familiar face appears - the Barnes’ servant, Nancy.
“Not that either of those makes much difference to your funds,” the solicitor continues. “What is it you wish to do with the rest?”
“No, I have not,” Steve says slowly. “We never met in this country, only during the war. Howard - Sir Howard - would come to work on the weaponry. He would talk about having us stay at his home, meeting his wife and son, but we never…”
He needs a surgeon. But a wound like this will raise questions, and Tony is sure to have his people looking around for anyone with mysterious pistol wounds. He can’t go home, either, not while pursuit is still a possibility. He is only grateful that it has been a dry week so the ground is firm and will not hold hoofprints.
“Only you could make nobility from my selfish wishes,” Sir Anthony says. “I am not struggling with what is right, but with my own wants. You would give me noble purpose.”
, would not be so scared as to run away from your own household,” Sam says, as they ride out one morning to escape the furore. There is something in the way he says Steve’s title that gives Steve pause and he turns to him, eyes sharp. Sam is looking back at him, gaze steady and his mouth twisted up slightly with the smallest hint of amusement.
Before they had gone to war - before Azzano, Erskine, Stark, and the lot of it - before Hydra and Peggy, he and Bucky had used to talk sometimes of making their fortunes and becoming proper gentlemen. They had planned to settle down in some country home, get married and live like aristocrats.
“I am pleased you are getting use out of this place,” he says. “I wasn’t sure of the kinds of books you enjoyed - or if you even enjoyed books.” He strides across the room to the low escritoire Steve has been working at, peering down at the title of the top book. “A treatise on the mating habits of the termite,” Tony reads. He looks up and Steve looks back, holding his face as steady as possible.
“You disappoint me, Mr Rogers,” Dr Zola says. He actually sounds disappointed, like he has some semblance of human feelings still - or at least the ability to mimic them. Steve thinks Zola must be mad. If he wasn’t before he made the transfer, he must be now. It doesn’t seem like a situation anyone would be able to cope with.
The army had its fair share of gossip, but some of the men and women in this county could give even the most knowledgeable sergeant a run for his money. Steve has heard any numbers of rumours, from illicit love affairs to tales of a witch living in secret in the woods. How many have any truth to them, he could not say. Though he would daresay that if he were a witch in Marvel, he might choose to keep to the woods as well.
The woman’s shot goes wild and their horses, clearly unused to the sound of gunfire, rear up and begin to run. Seeing his chance slipping through his fingers, Steve swings himself onto Liberty just as the voices start to cry out in the distance. The militia.
It is as if he is descending into another world. Hephaestus’s smithy, he thinks idly as he goes down again. Upstairs the house is everything one would expect from the house of a man of consequence - elegant and formal, suited for royalty, should they choose to visit. But as Steve takes the stairs down, it is darker, more cramped. The pictures and ornaments are gone, replaced by rough-plastered walls and scraps of paper - notes and diagrams - and even in some places words written directly onto the walls. Steve feels as though he has stepped directly into Sir Anthony’s mind.
The night is almost over. He can see the first signs of sunrise on the horizon and the last of the stars shining softly in the lingering dark of the night. The world is spread out below them and the wind is in his face.
“That often seems to be the case,” he says. Sam must sense that he has strayed too close to the edge of the cliff and he pulls back.
The thought lends a sour note to proceedings, as Steve sees the ghosts of people he knew at every turn. He will think he spies an old friend in the crowd, but a blink will resolve the familiar face into that of a stranger.
“If I cannot give you anything in payment, perhaps you would allow me to offer something in gratitude?” Tony says slowly. “It would be an honour to receive the two of you at dinner this evening.”
“Nothing of consequence,” Steve says, pacing back and forth. Sam does not look convinced. “My enjoyment of drawing. His father… my opinion of him.”
“You just want to avoid the honourable Miss Throckmorton a little longer,” Steve says with a laugh that only sounds half broken.
Steve pushes Sir Anthony from his mind again and by the evening he is all but forgotten, or so Steve tells himself. He will ride over to see the man tomorrow and address the misunderstanding. For now he has more pressing concerns.
Sleep is a rare luxury in the weeks to come. Steve spends his days sketching and attending to the everyday business of life with Sam and his evenings on the road, holding up coaches as politely as he can.
He rehearses what he is going to say as he rides over, though he does not know how to address what he said without making the whole matter worse. No matter what Sam might say, he knows Sir Anthony can have no thoughts of him romantically. He has a title and an independent fortune, He will be looking for a match of good family - nobility most likely - or good fortune. Both, probably. Perhaps he had thought of Steve for a dalliance, but no more than that. More than that is quite impossible.
He leaves Sam with their new haul and goes to return what he had stolen before. There was nothing in the baronet’s valise, or in the luggage of the Hogans that implicated them, which was as he had expected.
His first port of call is his solicitors, who have been keeping his wages and prize money in trust for him.
It is no wonder he hadn’t heard a gun being cocked, because Barton is not carrying a gun. Instead he carries a bow, an arrow nocked and aimed right at Steve’s heart. Bows are not unheard of, mainly for hunting and sport, but in a world where rifles and pistols exist, it seems a curious choice of weapon. He already knows Barton has access to firearms, afterall, there is evidence in two small scars on his back.
“I told you that if you felt overwhelmed you were to give me a sign.” Sir Anthony looks away and Steve studies his profile. It would make a fine silhouette. “I would have rescued you,” Sir Anthony continues. “You didn't have to suffer alone.”
“I think it must be happy coincidence,” Steve says, pulling himself upright a little. “A shot in the dark. I do not feel I can read you well at all. You confound me at every opportunity.” Sir Anthony grins, quick and rakish.
He’s tried the ‘I’m lost’ routine. That hadn’t got him anywhere. He’s told them that people are waiting for him. They seem undeterred. In fact, all that talking had earned him was a punch to the face.
They arrive at the stables and Sir Anthony is greeted enthusiastically by the horse dealer. There is no standing on ceremony here, and Steve is astonished to see Sir Anthony strip off his coat and roll his shirt sleeves up as he proceeds to examine the horses himself.
Perhaps it is not an answer, but an entirely new puzzle to be untangled, Steve thinks with an aggrieved sigh as he finds his way back to his bed.
In fact, Sir Anthony seems to have taken it upon himself to be invaluable in every way. He has determined that he must become Steve’s guide to Marvel society. Steve had not been aware that so small a village would have so many intricate relationships to negotiate. Sir Anthony is aware of them all, and takes pains to be present when the notables of the area come to introduce themselves. Steve still is uncertain how much of what the baronet says is intended to be a joke at Steve’s own expense, and how much is honest, but his presence in Lakefield is a breath of fresh air, and Steve seldom has time to dwell on his own thoughts with Sir Anthony around to chase them away.
Steve manages not to stumble as he looks over to where Sir Anthony is dancing. He's not looking their way and gives no indication that he is aware that they are even there.
“Have you any information you wish to share with us?” Sam asks, leaning back in his chair. Mrs Romanoff looks surprised at the question. “I mean, you’ve been here longer than us, and we’ve been accommodating. But you have come into our house and so far I have seen no sign that this relationship is to work in both directions.”
For the purposes of subterfuge, Steve has been using his home-grown accent for his highway robbery. They had trained it out of him in the army, when they dragged him in front of dukes and fine ladies, but it rolls back over his tongue in the familiar fashion of an affectionate cat.
“This conversation is pointless. We have to prepare for this evening,” says Steve, tearing himself away from the window.
“If you’re sure.” Sam lingers, then his expression of concern is marred by the yawn that splits his face.
“You too, Captain Wilson,” Tony says, smiling pleasantly. “Sorry to impose on your solitude, but Captain Rogers invited me to view his sketches and as I found myself in the area, this seemed as good a time as any.”
“I think that’s our only option,” Sam tells him, leaning back in his seat, his face screwed up in thought. Steve is grateful to see that the idea sits poorly with him as well. Steve doesn’t disagree. He has no love for the crown itself, but he does love his country. He fought for his country and for the freedom that it stands for. To have gone through all that and to return home to find it threatened from within…
“Not a chance!” Steve says. “Liberty and I will never concede a-” Sam has already urged his horse into a canter and Steve laughs as he and Liberty take up pursuit. The question of Steve’s identity fading away - at least for now.
“Good, your ego is just fine as it is,” Mrs Romanoff says, her voice cutting off that conversation. “Now everything between us is out in the open, we might perhaps see about making your little mission slightly less…” Mrs Romanoff trails off, looking at Steve with raised eyebrows. He winces. “They know you’re onto them, that’s one reason why I am inclined to treat this evidence-” she waves towards the note “-with less credence than I otherwise would.”
“I’m not-” Steve realises his eyes have not yet left that place in the trees where Tony finally disappeared from sight. He drags his eyes away. “I’m not doing that,” he says.
As Mr Jarvis turns at the bottom of the staircase, the banging changes to voices. Steve waits politely and doesn’t try to make out the words. He folds his hands behind his back instead and looks at the ornaments nearby.
“You still do not seem to understand that you are not that same captain who lived in a boarding house in Brooklyn. Captain Wilson, will you tell him that every fine gentleman must have a carriage. What are you intending to do should you find some lady or gentleman you wish to take on a drive? Will you hoist them up and fling them over the saddle? You cannot possibly have a lord or lady riding around everywhere on a horse.”
“No, no. It’s quite alright. It’s good to see you again. I hope that Tony hasn’t kept you waiting too long. He’s in his workshop. A new project, no doubt.” Stane gestures for Steve to take a seat. His manner is welcoming enough, but Steve does not like the look in his eyes. “Of course, you haven’t known him long enough to know how he is. Tony’s life is a series of projects and obsessions. As soon as he finds a new one, he quite forgets what he was interested in before. He hasn’t found anything or anyone who can hold his interest for longer than a couple of months.”
“Are you okay to fly?” he asks, finally taking in the damage the suit has sustained. Stark gives him a wicked grin.
They are invited to dine at Stark Manor - and Steve is uncomfortably aware that he is running out of time to return the favour. There is only so long you can spend ‘settling in’ and he has been invited for tea at least to every house in a ten mile radius, with exceptional enthusiasm by every household with children of marriageable age. It's beginning to feel a little like a cattle auction, with everyone taking a look at the prize bull. Steve is surprised some of the parents have not asked to see his teeth.
“You should go to see it, and to pass on your condolences to his widow and the new baronet,” Sam says.
“It was straight out of a romantic novel,” Sam says. “Don’t worry. Your taste in literature is nothing to be ashamed of, my friend. Nor is your taste in men. I cannot say you do not set your sights high.”
“I have…” Tony pauses. “The manor is well equipped with pianos. I have no need of it. And we cannot deprive your future spouse. I’m sure they will be a person of great accomplishments.”
The room is mostly bare apart from a small desk and a heavy wooden chest. Steve looks behind him as there is another scraping sound and he sees the hidden door shut behind him, leaving him bereft of the moonlight that had been coming through the library window. He is alone with only the flickering flame of the oil lamp.
“I am glad to know I retain at least some of my mysteries. I fear if I lost them I would lack all substance whatsoever.”
“I know,” Steve says, and he does, because he can just imagine them all telling him what an idiot he is.
“He looks away when you look back,” Mrs Romanoff tells him. “But he does look.” Steve can feel himself tense up more, his shoulders rising stiffly. “If you're interested in a brief affair, you could do far worse.”
“It’s your money, Captain Rogers,” Mr Murdock says. “The total amount is a not inconsiderable sum. You have been handsomely rewarded by your regiment on a number of occasions. You’ve become quite a rich man.” Steve stiffens in his seat. He is struck by a sudden wish that he had never come here, because now he must ask the obvious question.
Mr Jarvis leads him through the house again to a door that is plain compared to the other moulded doorways in this place. As he opens it, Steve sees that it opens to a narrow staircase that leads downwards.
Steve does not know what to do. He has the information he was looking for, and yet… he cannot be grateful he found it.
The nearer shelves he has explored already, so he walks a bit further this time - to the far wall, and looks at the titles there. There are some atlases and a few books in long dead languages.
“Things about what Hydra was capable of, what their sorcerers can do, what they have done. I’ve seen the aftermath too. We get called in sometimes to… lift people out.”
Their investigations find little purchase. Sir Anthony did meet a man at the inn, but the meeting was brief and Sir Anthony left soon after. He would have had more than enough time to reach Lakefield and depart before Steve and Sam had returned from their outing. Delilah, the maid, did see someone from a window that afternoon, but could give no clearer description than 'a dark haired man', which could indeed, describe Sir Anthony, but could also describe any number of other men within walking distance. Steve would rather believe some enterprising person took advantage of their absence, rather than the alternative.
Mrs Romanoff looks entirely at home sitting on his sofa, while Mr Barton - Sir Anthony’s groom and driver - looks more out of place standing by the window. He is taller than Steve had realised, as though he has been walking with a deliberate hunch until this moment.
The first email, he’d ignored. He’s got better at sifting through the more ridiculous things to find the coverups he can actually stop. Sometimes it’s a racist trying to convince him that [insert minority here] is destroying society. Sometimes it’s just a person who needs help of a more medical or psychiatric nature. Often it’s a kid who thinks it's funny to troll the ‘Iron Billionaire’ guy. But then there had been the second email. And the third. And the first phone call from an unknown number. And a second.
Once he has set his mind to a path, it has often been observed that Steve is not easily swayed. But he is not so foolish as to set out with no plan. The mask and the secret passage are a start, but there are other plans that need to be put into place before he can put his plan into action. He will need to disguise Liberty, his horse, but some soot from the fire should take care of that, blacking out her mane and the white star mark on her forehead.
“You aren’t gonna tell the baronet, are you?” he asks. “I swear I wasn’t stealing. I just didn’t have an apple on me and I thought I’d give her a treat. That’s all, I swear.”
There are four generations under the same roof. Sam’s grandmother sits in state, surrounded by the scraped knees and tearaway hair of her great grandchildren, who she deals with according to some secret inner hierarchy that only she knows.
The fact the room was locked, the fact that all of these things were locked away, that would mean that, whoever they were, they had come back. They had repacked their tools and closed the door to this room forever.
“It could still be Stark,” Sam comments and Steve heaves a weary sigh. “I don’t know much about his past, but I know he got in trouble in his youth. It might be that he’s being blackmailed with evidence of an indiscretion.”
. And he wonders if he was saying that to Sir Anthony or to himself. He flushes, he can feel the heat on his cheeks. “Wanting something for yourself,” he says. “Everyone wants things.”
“Yes,” Steve says. “I always have, since I was a boy. I had a sickly disposition and was bedridden much of the time. Sketching was an escape.” He's not sure why he says so much, a quick ‘yes, it is an enjoyable diversion’ would have sufficed, but instead he fills the air with nonsense about his childhood.
The blow came from behind. On any other man, it probably would have knocked him into the carriage and probably unconscious, too. Steve, however, barely rocked on his feet.
“Excuse me, gentlemen,” he says as the carriage skids to a halt. “Please keep your hands where I can see them. I don’t want to hurt anyone.” He cocks his own pistol.
In the chest are also the clothes and the mask that they wore, and a pair of pistols, outdated by modern standards, but they look like they would still work.
Steve is unsure what Sir Howard might be contacting him for, but he does not care at this moment in time. He cuts the envelope open and withdraws the thick paper from it.
He wheels Liberty around and urges her on. The two traitors are used to riding, but their mounts are nowhere near as well trained or as fast as Liberty, and she quickly outpaces them as Steve draws her up between the pair of them, her hooves eating up the ground. He levels his pace, so the three of them ride abreast. The woman looks at him and aims her pistol, but as she does so, Steve throws himself bodily from his saddle towards the man.
“I assure you they do,” Steve says, cocking the second. “Just because something’s old, don’t make it obsolete.”
“Of course she isn’t, and that is why we shall be buying horses as well,” Sir Anthony says. “I know a good man nearby, in Melward, who breeds the finest horses you have ever seen - present company excepted, of course.” He actually gives a small bow to Liberty and Steve cannot hold back a smile at that.
The letter crumples in the fist that holds it and even the sound of it, the feel of it, seems like it is miles away. Or maybe it's Steve who is miles away. Maybe Steve is still out there in the war. Maybe he never came back either.
“Please tell me you didn’t mention these rumours to Sir Anthony during your conversation,” Sam says.
“I thought you were meant to be smart,” Barton says. “Nat, I told you coming here was a stupid idea.”
Everything is indeed in order, laid out in black ink on heavy cream paper. It is a history of his whole career, every attack, skirmish and offensive he had been part of, cut down to a name and a financial measure of how valuable it was, and alongside them, his wages, and subtracted neatly, the monthly rent and lawyer’s fees.
Ruin and destitution, Steve does not say, but he risks a look at where Tony is talking to Sam, his hands, still holding Steve’s sketches, moving animatedly.
“You seem to have made a robust recovery in your adulthood, I'm glad to see,” Sir Anthony replies. “I don't believe there is anyone who would look at you now and call you anything other than a fine specimen of manhood.”
“I’m a simple man,” he says with a shrug. "There’s really not that much to know.” Tony laughs, abrupt and a little bitter, pulling his head around to look out of the window instead. The loss of the pressure of his gaze is like a physical sensation.
“A brief and politely worded note of gratitude for the information and the strong insinuation that I should leave well enough alone.” Steve glares at a nearby tree. It continues to wave gently in the breeze, unperturbed by Steve’s internal conflicts. Nature is beautiful, but unfeeling, he thinks with considerably less delight than he should probably find in their idyllic surroundings. He feels at a loose end in this place. The views are lovely, the society charming, but he feels always as though he should be doing something. He is not built to be a man of leisure.
Lunch passes both too quickly and too slowly. It seems as though every mouthful takes an age, but when the meal is done, Steve feels like no time has passed at all.
It is not merely clothes, that Sir Anthony seems concerned with. He declares one day that Steve needs a phaeton.
Steve turns and sees the groom waiting at the bottom of the steps with Liberty. He thanks the man and mounts.
She slows to a trot and Steve sees a small house emerge between the trees, barely more than a cottage. It looks well cared for, with a small garden and clean windows and Steve sees a flicker of light through the window.
“Oh, I do,” Sir Anthony tells him. “And you are so polite I know you will not contradict me, because it would be terribly rude to contradict a guest.”
“Sir Anthony,” he says, standing up, paintbrush still caught in his hand. “I didn’t realise - I didn’t hear-”
“How could I enjoy myself if you- if any of my guests were not enjoying themselves? It is my duty as a host.”
“I daresay they have not missed a hair on my head. You, on the other hand-” he sweeps his eyes over Steve’s body in a way that makes Steve flush and reminds him of Mrs Romanoff’s words. “You have a very noticeable presence and I would-”
With that peculiar clarity that only experience can give, Steve is really starting to think that was a mistake.
else,” Steve says, allowing himself a rueful smile. “I have been to places I enjoyed less. I did fight in a war, you know.”
organised them. All the people that were hurt, all the people who were robbed - of money, of life, of loved ones - that was Hydra.
Steve hurries to return to the taproom, looking around frantically for anyone suspicious or anyone who seems alarmed by his sudden appearance. No one seems out of place. The room is full of people. There’s no way to distinguish which were the ones he heard talking. If they are even in here. The door he heard open might have led to any part of the inn, or even the stables.
“I don’t see why not,” Sam smiles at him. “You're a gentleman of standing now. An eligible gentleman at that. You can’t return to your boarding rooms and hide away from the world. My grandmother wouldn't hear of it, and she is a very determined woman when she gets a thought into her head.”
“No,” Steve says. “Don’t… I mean, you play even better than I had been told. Please, I did not mean to interrupt you, Sir Anthony. Continue.”
He should feel something. But all he feels is the cold and the strange echoing nothing in his chest, like he’s been hollowed out and stripped down.
“Not in my experience,” he says. “That is, I haven't up to this point,” he corrects. Bucky and Sam’s words are echoing in his head. He knows what it is to be rejected and Sam is right, it is just a dance. “I do not believe I have had the pleasure of making your acquaintance.”
Then the void had called back. People with problems. People who had nowhere else to turn. People who had seen things they wanted to change.
“We are talking here of men’s reputation, their honour,” he says. “We must be utterly certain of our own proof before we bring it to anyone’s attention. It would not do to ruin a good man by speaking in error.”
“I don’t think damaging it is going to help,” Sam says, his voice light, but he has the kindness to not sound too amused by Steve’s display of temper.
It is not signed. There is no person in this country, he is sure, who would be foolish enough to sign their name to treason. But the handwriting is unmistakable. He has seen it dozens of times.
But the words! What they had said! A conspiracy against the crown in a place like this. And Hydra! The word is burnt into his memory. He cannot have been mistaken. Had it just been a turn of phrase, or was it a sign of some greater evil to befall?
He needs a name, something to call himself by. The highwaymen in tales always have them. The Dark Avenger, the Moonlit Rider, something with a bit of flair.
Steve listens avidly to the sound of Sam’s footfalls on the hallway carpet as they gradually move away and he draws in a deep breath to calm his heart rate.
“All the more reason why you simply must remind them of your presence. You haven’t been since you received the baronetcy. I’m sure Sir Tiberius and Lady Frost will be missing you. You turned a lot of heads, last year.”
There should be children running around, getting underfoot. There should be Bucky’s warm hand on his shoulder. This place used to be lively and as bustling as a marketplace, but now it’s as quiet as a tomb.
Beyond the wall is what looks like an elevator. And on the far wall is a symbol he only recognises from his research. A skull with tentacles, inside a circle.
It is a lead, though. The first he has had since he started this quest. Steve sighs as he cleans off Liberty’s forehead and slips through the secret passage to change out of the Nomad costume. If it is Barton, then he has an accomplice, a female accomplice. Steve just needs to work out who it is.
“Magic users are not so common that Hydra could afford to put one on every airship. Also, we have a different perspective, up here. Our battles don’t go the same way, or so I’ve heard. You’re an army man, you see things more personally. ”
“You gave me a home, Sir Anthony. The least I can do is give you a picture of one. I regret I have no excess property lying about.” Tony stares at him for a long second, then bows his head in thanks.
He needs to find them a way out of here. He has his phone. He can breathe again. They just need a way out. He looks around frantically. Half the screens are gone, but one is still flickering, the image of Zola’s face on it shouting wordlessly. The speakers must have been broken.
“Excellent,” Ms Van Dyne says, clapping her hands together. “Then listen carefully, for it is a tale of woe and magic.”
Steve is getting fanciful. Sam would tease him for liking the wrong kind of novels again, he’s sure.
The thing about war, Steve has always thought, was the way things went from stillness to action in a split second. One shot was fired, one guard shouted out and in the difference of a heartbeat, order turned to chaos. You never quite got used to it, but you got better at reacting to it. Steve at least has superhuman reflexes on his side. The pair of them do not.
“Not since I was a midshipman. Rank comes with privilege, Captain, as I’m sure you know. One of those privileges is a real bed - with a mattress as thin as a board and about as comfortable, and that you roll off given the slightest hint of turbulence.” Sam laughs. “I find it hard to sleep without the wind rocking me and blowing past my window like a banshee.”
The reply is difficult to compose. Steve knows very little about Howard’s son beyond the fact that his father finds - found - him simultaneously a source of great pride and great frustration. The man is supposed to be a genius. Howard had boasted that Tony’s - Sir Anthony, now - designs were at the forefront of the army’s resources. The kind of technology that blew their opponents right out of the sky, but he was also rumoured to be a flirt and barely on the right side of scandal. How should Steve address a man like that?
“Yes, Steve. Take advantage of the man,” Sam mutters and Steve glares at him. He does not know why his friend has taken to being so… Steve sighs, deeply.
“Mrs Natasha Romanoff,” she says, her lips curling in an amused smile. Steve recognises the name - a young widow and the subject of almost as much speculation as their host. Excepting himself, she seems to be the newest arrival to the village, having lived there not yet eighteen months. He bows
“Right,” Iron Man says, sounding surprised, and maybe a little impressed. “Okay, sure. That was helpful.” He blasts two of the remaining gunmen, but before he can move to the third there’s another blast of blue light that hits him right in the face.
“I wish he’d jilt me,” Mr Moore says and the two young ladies look appropriately scandalised at the comment.
“Well, I might have… jumped,” Steve allows. He can practically see Bucky’s face in his mind as he grins, this moment like so many times he had come home with scraped knees and bruises, bleeding, to find Bucky’s shoulders sagging and his face full of resignation.
“Both, I should say,” she says. “So will you dance, Captain Rogers, or must I find another partner?”
Returning the items he has stolen is perhaps the most difficult part of the entire endeavour. Steve has almost been caught more times when returning goods than when stealing them, and that is no different at Stark Manor.
“If that's what you want to do,” he says. “Though I would have thought that you would have enough peace and solitude at your home. You know your way back, I suppose.”
“You don’t know when the shadows have ears. I’ve heard Lord Fury has spies who can turn themselves invisible.”
“Perfect memory for voices,” Steve tells him. “Comes with the whole…” He waves his hand at himself vaguely.
Upon reading the letter, Steve sits in the leather armchair in the library, astounded and overwhelmed. To have been handed a lifeline and had it snatched away in the same breath. It seems like there is nothing left at all of what he had lived before. The grief is flooding him. Howard is dead. How can it be true? The man had not been young, but he had by no means been infirm or of a delicate constitution. Dead. And no indication given as to the cause. The letter is abrupt on the matter. A stiffness perhaps born from grief. Steve does not think he could manage to write a good letter in such circumstances.
It’s probably a warning sign that he has a ‘sneaking around’ outfit, but Steve chooses to see it as being well prepared.
As Steve and Sam enter the room, they both turn to look at them, as though it is Steve and Sam who are the interlopers here.
Dinner that evening is a strange affair. Steve is keeping an eye on the clock, knowing that he has other appointments this evening, of a less pleasant nature.
“And there you go again, trying to see nobility where there is none,” Sir Anthony says. Steve opens his mouth to protest. “No, no, you cannot make a good man out of me. I will not let you. I am quite content to be shallow and frivolous.”
No, that thought is uncharitable. Sir Anthony is a generous host, and it is not as if he is lacking in space. Of course he would invite everyone.
He does not hesitate again, it is better to get this task over and done with and slip away. If there are eyes on him, he does not know where they are, and to pause would only make it more likely he is spotted.
“Good, good. You’ll be wanting to get back to it, I daresay. I know what you’re like. I didn’t mean to interrupt. Captain Rogers, shall we leave the genius to his work changing the world?”
“Hush your mouth, you idiot. You don’t go shouting words like that out just anywhere. And where’s this newfound patriotism coming from?”
“I’ve been patient,” Steve points out, drawing a deep breath. He knows that Sam is right, and that he has waited all this time - months even - to get this far, and he should not be put off by more difficulties. But the frustration rising in him as he feels so close, and yet again has little to show for his efforts, is clawing its way through his chest. He turns to the book again and tears it open, a little too vigorously, and he hears the rip of paper.
People are whistling, men call out to each other. There is an air of joy on deck, but it slips right past Steve without touching him.
“I’m afraid I do not understand,” Steve says. Tony turns to survey the room and Steve takes the opportunity to check that nothing incriminating is peeking out. He quickly drops a pile of other books on top of the first. Just in time as Tony swings back around.
“If you say so, I suppose it must be true,” Sir Anthony says, but he says the words light-heartedly, as though he does not believe them. “Sir Howard always said you were honest to a fault.” Steve winces. The statement is true enough, but Howard apparently forgot to mention to his son that the fault was often someone punching Steve in the face for what he had said.
Metallic thuds resound through the chamber and he turns to see a heavy metal blast door slam down, leaving them with three Hydra gunmen in the room, the rest locked out.
“Then I suppose you’d better call me Sam,” Captain Wilson tells him, standing up straight again and giving Steve a grin.
“If I have to hear another word about how accomplished she is, I’ll run off with the travelling players,” Sam says.
“I know you guys have a whole motto about ‘cut off one head’ and all that,” Iron Man is saying, “but seriously, do you just clone yourselves? Where are you all
The offices of Nelson and Murdock are clean and almost disturbingly tidy – the reason for which becomes clear when he meets Mr Murdock and discovers him to be completely blind. They also contain an inordinate number of empty chairs, as if they had prepared to meet with an entire regiment, rather than just one man.
Sam’s parents let them go with admonishments to be wary of bandits on the road and the pair of them set off, riding with the morning light.
Once the niceties are done with, Steve asks after his funds. He has rent to pay for his time overseas, and he refuses to fall behind on it. He needs to check that the upkeep has been paid as per the instructions he gave. In all her life, his mother never failed to pay her rent. Come rain or shine, she would scrape together what little money was left after his father had drunk his fill and Steve’s medicines were purchased and she would pay the rent. She had kept a roof over his head. He had wondered, sometimes, if she had ever regretted marrying his father rather than a gentleman with money, as she was expected to, but if she had, she had never let Steve hear of it.
His hands are steady and he has no doubt in his mind that he is doing the right thing. If he is caught - but he does not intend to be caught. He has thought this through and planned it out thoroughly. As thoroughly as he would any other battle, though the field may be a little different and the combatants fewer in number.
“The shoulders need taking out,” Philip says, talking to Sir Anthony as though Steve is not even there. “And the waist taking in.”
“I’m sure the captains are not scared by a little ghost story,” she protests. Steve shakes his head.
“No need for that, either. But if you really want to thank me, you’ll take my wager that I can reach the far side of the field before you can, and you’ll let me win.”
He sends a letter to a man he met a couple of times during the war - Lord Fury, the crown’s spy master - but all he receives back is a letter thanking him for the information and requesting that he stay out of it.
“Oh wow,” the mechanical voice of Iron Man says. “I was not expecting that. For a walking history lesson, your tech is actually kind of impressive. Though… mine’s still bigger than yours.” Iron Man raises a hand and a flash of white appears, spearing through the air to throw the guard backwards. Steve looks around for the other one, the one he needs, bringing his t-shirt up over his nose in an attempt to keep the dust out, but wheezing anyway.
Sam eyes the crack in the solid oak table and then looks up at Steve, who forces himself to relax. He hasn’t lost control of his strength in years.
“Of course,” Mr Murdock says, reaching for another folder on the corner of the desk. He runs his fingertips over the embossed leather briefly, then holds it out. “I believe you’ll find everything is in order, Captain.”
Then they are moving. The force as they accelerate upwards, through the hole Iron Man had blasted in the ceiling, makes Steve wrap his arms around the chest of the armour convulsively.
“I have always been of the opinion that the rules are there to protect and support us all,” Steve tells him. “But there is a difference between what is legal and what is right.” The words are scandalous, but they are still far away from what Steve wants to say. It is the truth, and possibly closer to the truth than he should be straying, but he cannot hold his tongue completely. He wants Sir Anthony to know he understands.
Adding Sam to his plans was, Steve could not deny, a godsend. He had not been aware of how difficult things had been until, suddenly, he had assistance. Sam has ideas about everything and it is good not to have to rely on himself. It is a relief he cannot truly express to have another pair of eyes and a second brain assessing everything.
“You would never do something so reckless,” Sir Anthony concludes. It is not the words he wanted to say, Steve can tell. It feels like there is more meaning there, though, something that Steve cannot parse.
Nothing seems to work after that, though. His ideas are faulty, his plans too complicated. He cannot concentrate.
“Certainly,” Steve says. He cannot doubt that they know Fury, and this is just like the man. To have people already in place and not to tell Steve a word of it. He takes the book and sets it on the table and watches as Mrs Romanoff flips it open and immediately sees the end paper peeling away, pulling out the documents. Mr Barton crosses over and takes them after Mrs Romanoff has examined them.
“Too much, too much,” Sir Anthony says. “Do you ever grow tired of saying the same words over and again? Captain Wilson has informed me that your wardrobe is in quite dire need of a change.”
He sets off and Steve watches him walk across the field towards the village a little longer, then turns to the road and the forest with ambush in mind. He pulls out the pocketbook he always carries, although he hasn’t put pen to paper in months, and sets about finding the place with the greatest strategic advantage.
“I know.” Steve frowns at his ale, his teeth grinding together. “If only I’d seen their faces.” He looks around at the other patrons again, but they all seem far too calm for people engaged in treason. But that’s how you would want to seem, wasn’t it? “They might not even have come in here,” he says. “The creak might have been a window, not a door. But we can’t just ignore it.”
“Is it a love letter?” another of the children asks. “Is it from your sweetheart?” There is a ripple of giggling, and Sam’s determined cousin is poked from multiple sides, which Steve studiously ignores.
“I’ll bear that in mind,” Steve says, stepping out from behind the urn with his hands raised. Barton’s bow is lowered, and he’s surrounded by the luggage Steve had thrown at him. “Goodnight, Mr Barton.”
“I don’t miss,” Barton says. Steve’s heard that sort of certainty before - in Bucky’s voice. And when he looks at the man with that thought in mind, it’s easy to see the similarities.
“Good, I am desperately in need of a critic. Sam says that one picture of a hill looks much like any other.”
“Something’s been hidden in the cover,” Steve says. He has to pull more of the end paper up to get at it properly, but it comes more easily than he would expect, as though it has not been well stuck down.
“They did say it was steady work,” Steve reminds him, taking the stepping stones in the river, probably not as carefully as he should.
“What does it say?” asks one of Sam’s nephews before Steve has even got it open. His mother shushes him, but that doesn’t stop the eyes of all the children from fixing on him.
Once on the road, he does not hold back. Liberty’s hooves echo his heartbeat, which seems to be leaping out of his chest at the sheer joy of it all. The howl of the wind past his ears drowns out his brain as he thunders on.
Steve, for lack of anything to say, crosses over to the window to look out, letting the conversation pass him by. Sam is far better at this sort of small talk than he is. It always seems to Steve that his words are either too heavy with meaning - half of which he did not intend - or lack any meaning at all. There must be some middle ground, but it seems Steve can never find it.
As Steve had noticed the first time they had made this journey, when they were newly arrived, it is a beautiful area. The woods are thick and old, so dense in places that you need to pick your path carefully or end up stranded in the underbrush.
“I take it from your expression that you don't intend to leave well enough alone,” Sam says. “Although I have known you less than a year and already I could have guessed that without seeing you at all.”
And then there’s a noise. A strange almost hiss almost click that takes him back to when he was a kid and the TV used to come on. Steve turns to look and one of the screens has lit up. The graphics are terrible, scratchy and pixellated, but it’s clear what he’s seeing. A face. A face he’d seen in one of those Hydra files.
It feels a lot like Steve has stepped into the past, and sometimes he has to stop himself from saying the wrong name.
“That’s what makes me a good spy,” Barton tells him. “But I’ve got to ask - I know I hit you that night, how on earth did you survive?”
“Everything is accounted for, Sam,” Steve says, grateful that he had the presence of mind not to keep anything incriminating in the saddlebags.
"If Fury has magic users, do you think he'd waste them in this place?" The other voice scoffs, then there’s the creak of a door and the voices fade away.
“I…” Steve stares at the number, written out in flawlessly elegant handwriting. This cannot be true. This cannot be his. What has he done to deserve such riches? He remembers his mother struggling to put food on the table and now he has this laid out before him. Rewards for ‘heroism’, but he cannot think of a thing he has done to earn it, not really. No more than anyone should have done when faced with Hydra.
Steve shifts uncomfortably in his seat. He is uneasy with hearing such things about his host. But what she says does ring true with Howard’s reports of his son.
.” Steve pulls back and frowns, because Bucky is not real. He knows Bucky is dead and this is his imagination, his own mind punishing him. But if this is his imagination, then why is Bucky implying that-
“I didn't think so at the time,” Steve says, but as he thinks about it, there had been no one else left that he might have called a friend. And now it seems that Howard, too, is gone.
“Not if he has any choice in the matter,” Mrs Romanoff says, before returning to the more pressing matter. “Your report was hardly the first inkling we had that something was not right,” Mrs Romanoff says. “It merely confirmed our suspicions. ”
He has never been good at waiting, despite it being a major part of army life, and he finds himself no better at it now.
If that’s true… Steve feels sick to his stomach. It could be lies, but something tells him it’s not. Something about this whole thing rings true. His hands ball into fists.
“I have seen invasions, Sir Anthony,” Sam says, “and they have never had such enjoyable accompaniment.”
“I have been very tired,” Steve says. “And my room faces north, so I do not get the sunlight to wake me.” Sam eyes him suspiciously.
“We’ve had a few incidents of highway robbery, but nothing serious,” Sam tells him. “Mostly opportunists, I think, after the rich folk. We’re unlikely to be bothered.” Steve tells himself that the pang in his chest is not regret.
“I am not being clear,” Steve says, sighing in frustration. “I meant to say that I do not find it unpleasant to be here, talking to you, but that I do find the business I must discuss unpleasant by its nature in that I wish it were not necessary.”
Steve pulls some more energy from his body and forces his hand into the pocket he’d seen the man slip his phone into earlier, right after Steve had hit record. His fingers close around hard glass and he pulls it out, hoping desperately that-
He waits another moment, until they have a fair distance to run before they could reach the curve in the road, and steps out into the road.
“You’re being absurd,” Steve says. “And clearly we have heard different rumours if you believe Sir Anthony is the kind of man to fall in love.”
It creaks open a crack and he sees a dimly lit face, barely visible in the darkness. He opens his mouth to speak as a wave of dizziness comes over him and the darkness seems to expand. The world tilts and he feels himself falling forwards, then nothing.
“So now, as far as he’s concerned, you think him a libertine and you do not care about him at all,” Sam says.
The guards shove him inside and follow, jabbing a finger at a button before the elevator comes to life. It moves too smoothly and looks too modern to have been an original feature of the facility. It’s clear this place has been functioning for a while. Long enough to update the facilities and brand them.
“I don’t know,” Steve admits. “I heard them talking outside about…” He lowers his voice and relates the conversation he overheard. Sam’s eyes grow wider by the second.
“Mr Stane,” Steve says as they approach the threshold. “I fear we may have started our acquaintance on the wrong foot. Please rest assured that I do not mean Sir Anthony any harm and my intentions are only to support him as a friend of his father - as you do - and hopefully also as his friend in turn.”
“Any person who engages in treason and would lead us back into war is my enemy,” Steve tells her firmly.
“And there I thought all the lords and ladies wore clothes made of solid gold,” Steve replies. “That won’t be necessary.”
“Thank you,” Sir Anthony says, without even looking at him. “I’ll see if I am free, but I would not wish to inconvenience you.”
It’s beautiful. If he had the breath he would let out a whoop of exhilaration, but all he can really do is beam in amazement at Stark, who smiles back, clearly amused by Steve’s reaction.
“It is not insufficient,” Sir Anthony says, though the smile he offers along with the words is dim compared to the ones Steve has seen before. “I'm a greedy man, I will take anything you can offer me.”
“Why would I change my profession when my current occupation leads me to meet such wonderful people?” Steve asks. He can hear the other man recovering, clearly preparing to rush Steve from behind. The woman is brandishing a long, thin knife. It is time for Steve to cut his losses.
“Lord Fury said you might prove incalcitrant. So he told me to tell you that he said the second tunnel would be better.” Steve feels his teeth grit together. Fury never will let that go. Though the first tunnel had proved sufficient in the end.
He stands, the mask still in place and in the flickering shadows it is easy to imagine that Bucky and Peggy are standing with him.
Sir Anthony’s voice is not unexpected - although Steve couldn’t say why he was anticipating it - but he does not welcome the intrusion.
“Dangerous, perhaps. But freeing,” Sir Anthony says, whirling around on him. “Do you ever wish… wish that you could throw away all the traditions and courtesies and just… run off and become a highwayman, or… something else?”
He reminds himself that there is no ghost, it is merely memories lingering on. The Bucky he hears is just his imagination.
Steve draws in a deep breath, so deep it almost chokes him, but it still doesn’t seem to fill him up. He squares his shoulders and advances.
He had had the piano tuned out of obligation more than anything. Steve cannot play a note and Sam has confessed that his fingers, while more than agile enough to tie the strongest knots required on skyship, have never managed to translate that to piano playing. But the piano had been there and Steve assumes at some point he will have to invite people round and there is never any shortage of young people wanting to show off their accomplishments.
Getting shot always hurts. It forces the air out of your lungs. But there are always a few seconds before the pain really sets in and Steve makes the most of them, urging Liberty into a canter, then a gallop, hearing the shouting voices behind him.
“Tony! You’ve been working like a dog all day. I’ve-” he comes into view, turning at the bottom of the stairs and freezes, looking between Steve and Sir Anthony.
“That was one my mother used to play,” he says. “It was one of her favourites. She said…” he looks at the fingers of his right hand, where they clutch his riding gloves. “That was the song she played at the cotillion when she and my father first met.” He pauses and then looks up, right into Steve’s eyes.
,” Bucky’s voice tells him. Steve doesn’t know what stupid thing he could do right now that is any stupider than what he has already done.
“And that is why you have Mrs Templeton,” Sir Anthony says, waving the new housekeeper forwards. Eliza Templeton is a kind looking woman who takes control of the household with an iron grip. Steve cannot be more grateful to Sir Anthony for hiring her, even if he is overwhelmed by the idea of needing a housekeeper at all. His family had never been able to afford one growing up.
“You’re up to something,” Bucky says. Steve looks up with feigned casualness. Bucky’s eyes narrow. “Steve.”
“I told you I would be down presently,” Steve says. The collar of his coat is sitting strangely and he tugs it away from his throat, where it refuses to sit flat.
He also, six years ago, posted a reasoned and completely comprehensive explanation of his theory that Iron Man - Avenger and superhero, is in fact Tony Stark. Somehow, that’s always the thing people remember. And now he’s a meme.
“Oh, I know,” Sam says, straightening his collar. “I’m just taking my time, weighing up my options.” He stands up. “Seriously, Steve, you should think about dancing. It doesn’t have to mean anything - it’s just a dance.” Steve nods and Sam disappears into the crowd, no doubt to sweep someone off their feet.
He waits two more days before he sends word to Captain Wilson - Sam - that he will take him up on his offer. There is nothing left in Brooklyn for him but the savage chill of memories.
“Sir Anthony,” he says, the name coming out in a rush. The man looks good, but then he always looks good. “Forgive me, I was not expecting you.”
“Any member of the household,” Mrs Romanoff says. “He keeps the door locked, but it would be no great difficulty to pick it. And most of his trusted confidantes have access to his workshop whenever they wish. Although those people rarely change.”
Living in a machine doesn’t sound like much of a life to Steve. He wonders how scared you have to be of dying to lock yourself into a computer.
The crash as whatever it is hits the ceiling is almighty, ringing in his ears. The whole room shakes with it, and Steve curls up as tight as he can, waiting for the impact.
He will not have them slip through his fingers so easily again, but he has no time to do much, he has to focus.
He pats Liberty’s neck in thanks as he lowers himself carefully to the ground, and he walks over to knock on the door.
“Fine, thank you,” Steve assures him. “I… really should be going. Thank you for your time and… for looking after things for me.”
There has to be something. There is always a way. If he’s the only person in the world who knows about this, he has to find the way.
“I can’t say I have,” Steve says firmly. “Sir Anthony seems to me entirely his own person. But I did not know the Lady Maria. If she is responsible for even half of what Sir Anthony is today, then she must have been a highly remarkable woman and I'm sad not to have made her acquaintance.”
“That man was ready to fall in love with you from the moment he saw you and I don’t believe you’ve done anything to dissuade him.”
“Hey, Steve Rogers,” Iron Man says. In any other circumstances, Steve would be tripping over himself because
Steve leans forwards and carefully tugs at the creamy corner that has been revealed with his fingernails.
“That does seem to be the theme of this conversation,” Sir Anthony says. “Do not trouble yourself. I have made the same observation myself on numerous occasions: give a man a few thousand pounds of income and he’ll think himself quite the smartest person in the room - give him a title as well and it’s a wonder any hats will fit his head, the prodigious amount of brains that must be in it. You did not offend me. Nor yesterday.” Steve opens his mouth to protest again because he knows that he must have said something to upset the man before. “No,” Sir Anthony says. “You don’t need to apologise and you said nothing that wasn’t true. Nothing I haven’t heard a dozen times before, either. I am aware of what people say about me.”
Steve’s first instinct had been to call the Avengers. Secret Nazis really seemed more their thing. But it turned out that their system of filtering out the cranks was a whole lot more effective than his. His call to the Avengers’ tip line had got him the verbal equivalent of a pat on the head, and an assurance that his information would be passed on to the Avengers as soon as possible.
And this was what it all amounted to. So much blood and fear for a list of numbers in a book on a man’s desk. It was as if those place names were nothing but names, like the roaring in Steve’s ears - the screams, the thunder of the guns - was never even there.
“Sir Anthony will see you, but he asks that you please be brief as he is in the process of performing a rather delicate task,” Mr Jarvis says.
“May we see what evidence you have procured regarding Sir Anthony’s connection to the matter?” she asks.
Bucky’s voice tells him in exasperation. And he notices that the window to the morning room is indeed open, though he cannot see clearly into the room from this angle.
Sir Anthony himself stands in shirt sleeves, coat, waistcoat and cravat discarded onto a chair nearby. His sleeves are rolled up, displaying strong forearms, sheened with sweat that glistens golden in the oil lamplight that fills the space. He is doing what appears to be smithing work, beating a piece of metal into compliance.
“You wouldn’t-” Steve begins, but Sir Anthony starts to ride in a trot, then a canter. “-inconvenience me.” He sighs. Sir Anthony is impossible to understand and it seems that Steve has put his foot in his mouth again.
“You didn't really think that I would not guess,” he says. “There were far too many coincidences for me not to notice. And I had my suspicions from the start, although I did not wish to say anything when you so clearly wanted no one to know.”
“What would we inform them of?” Steve asks, and although he knows that Sam is right, it feels wrong somehow to pass this on to someone else. “That a man and a woman - we don’t know who - are transporting something - we don’t know what - on behalf of a gentleman - whom we also do not know - that will in some way harm the country… but we don’t know how. And Hydra, whom everyone knows is gone, since I- Since Red Skull fell, is possibly involved.”
“Then I suppose I could continue,” Sir Anthony says, spinning back round to the keyboard, with little decorum. He seems to be made of movement, and his fingers reach out to touch the keys again. “I used to play this with my mother,” he says. Sir Anthony’s fingers begin to dance up and down the keys, making the instrument sing in earnest. He is not as caught up in it as he had been, his back is stiffer, clearly aware of the audience, but the music does not seem to suffer in the least.
“Are you up? You have nearly missed breakfast and I thought you might want to join me for a walk over to the village. I told Mr Lawrence last night that I would look at his hunting bird. He has promised that it is the finest raptor I’ll have ever seen. I know that can’t be true, of course, Red Wing, my falcon back home, is the finest, but I'll allow that it may be the second finest.”
It is a silly idea, a fanciful whim, but his heart is thumping double time in his chest and - with the mask on - there is a sense of freedom, a lightness that comes into his spirit.
He hands the letter over to the footman for the post, with the assurance that it will be dispatched this evening.
“You are probably right,” she allows. “Although I maintain it would have made the trip a good deal less dull.”
Steve turns at the sound of his name and looks up to see Sir Anthony approaching on horseback. “I was not expecting to see you out here… alone… drawing.” The baronet pulls his horse up and slides out of the saddle to land on the muddy ground. “You like to draw?”
He does not go directly home. He leads any pursuers - Barton or otherwise - on a merry chase all around the woods, taking the paths he has found while playing at being Nomad, until he feels satisfied that any chasers will be thoroughly confused and even more thoroughly lost, then he turns Liberty back towards Lakefield and rides home.
But routine nonsense didn’t lead to him being escorted by two huge guys with large, strange guns into what seemed to be an abandoned building. He’s got a black eye and a split lip, and a sinking feeling that he’s not going to get away with a slap on the wrist.
Sir Anthony does not only provide much guidance on what to look for in a phaeton, but also manages to persuade the dealer to decrease the price quite considerably for Steve. He proves invaluable, obtaining both carriage and the two horses to pull it for far less than Steve would have paid had he been alone. Of course, Steve probably wouldn’t have purchased any of them on his own, but he cannot deny that having a carriage will most likely prove useful.
“Then why would he not have introduced himself to me at once?” Steve says. “Fury and I have known each other for years. He knows that I am aware of the situation. It would make sense for us to pool our resources.”
“Just so,” Mrs Romanoff says. “But those things alone do not make him a traitor and he is a man with a great deal of influence and power. To accuse him prematurely would lead to problems for all of us, and would only result in putting the traitor further away from discovery.”
“Oh yes, if he is not travelling on business then it is said he is always down in his workshop, which no one has leave to enter,” Mr Moore whispers, clearly more concerned about being overheard in his commentary than his friend is.
Bucky glances at him and Steve thinks the word ‘normal’ as loudly as he can. Everything is normal. There is nothing for Bucky to see.
“Friends,” he agrees. The handshake is firm and strong. Steve can feel the calluses of hard word on Sir Anthony’s palm, and the strength that work has given him in his grip. But as soon as it has come, the contact has vanished and Steve is bereft of it.
Something holds him for a moment, perhaps it is just the stillness of the night, or the way the moonlight shines off the buttons of one of the people approaching, but for some reason, he does not step forwards immediately. Which turns out to be the luckiest thing he could do, because the riders are talking and as they come closer, he recognises those voices. He has heard them enough times repeated in his head.
“Are you sure?” Steve does not get to hear Barton’s response as the thunder of Liberty’s hooves carries him out of earshot and into the woods.
He has not been caught. He is still fine. But now Sam is waiting for him downstairs. Steve does not believe he has ever dressed so fast in his life, and he is out of the door in less than five minutes.
“Sir Anthony,” he says, and Sir Anthony spins around in the doorway. “The song you played before, when I overheard you from the garden. What was that?”
Zola’s face switches to another screen. The guards don’t even flinch. Steve feels like he’s a kid again, shouting down bullies in back alleys. They had just laughed at him. He feels that impotence all over again. The anger bubbling inside him with nowhere to go. He can’t
“Did you see anyone enter this room before me?” Steve asks. Sam starts and looks at him in puzzlement. “A man and a woman. Did they come in here?”
“Of course,” Sam agrees, looking at Steve, who attempts to look unaffected. “And the interruption is welcome, I’m sure. I have been trying to convince my friend here to be more in society. Good company will be good for him.”
Sir Anthony seems startled to see two of them there, but pulls off his astonishment with as much aplomb as usual, bowing deeply and accepting the applause.
Steve has heard the story. Howard was always fond of talking about himself, and the story of how he’d heard his wife playing and been puzzled as to how he could ask her to dance and also listen to her play had been one of his favourites. Steve does not know how to address it now, though. At the time, he had laughed along with the others as Howard had described his dilemma, but now his throat seems a bit too dry to talk.
“I'm just dressing,” Steve says, looking around frantically for somewhere to hide the mask and outfit. “I shall join you presently.”
The message is clear, but Steve forces himself to smile even as he bristles. For all he has heard of Sir Anthony, he cannot believe he turns his back on his friends so easily.
“No one has said anything,” Steve says carefully. “I merely… I find I am not in the mood for such a gathering.”
Tony is watching him carefully, not speaking. His look cuts to the bone, but it’s soft in a strange, uncanny sort of way.
Steve tries to wrap his mind around that. Some sort of facial tracking technology, perhaps? Like a Zoom filter?
“I meant nothing by it,” he says. “Just that the scene was very picturesque and gothic.” He shrugs. “Uh, how much for the landscape?”
“I…” Steve says. He heaves in a breath and starts again, forcing his fingers to relax as he does so. The paper crackles as the pressure is relaxed and he offers it to Sam, who steps forwards to read it, his brow wrinkling.
Or sending him mysterious emails from non-existent addresses claiming that Hydra - the Nazi organisation - is back and they’re growing.
Steve hesitates. This is part of his idea that he has not yet had a chance to plan out - how he will actually approach the travellers. The forest will be his best bet of coming upon them unseen and making a clean getaway. He would like to know the lay of the land before he embarks on his mission.
“Fine, I’ll stop,” Sam says. “But if you want to stop other tongues from wagging, perhaps you should prevent yourself from staring after him like a man whose lover has gone off to war.”
The night goes smoothly, Sam meshes into his plans cleanly and with little fuss. It is as though they have been working together for years. There are no large carriages or parties that night, just a few lone travellers. Steve takes their cases and thanks them before bidding them farewell. None of their voices are recognisable to them.
Steve remembers the look on Bucky’s face as they both realised he was falling and that Steve was not going to catch him. He remembers the scream. He will never forget Bucky’s scream.
“No need for apologies,” Sam says, waving his hand. “It is your own business, and I suppose you must have your reasons. I just thought that it was time you were aware that your secret identity was not so secret as you may have assumed.”
“It does not show,” Steve assures him. Sir Anthony smiles, quick and bright, enough to set Steve’s heart beating a little faster. He knows he is smiling back, a little too soft for what propriety would allow, and he tries to school his features back to what they should be, but it is a hopeless fight. “Would you continue? I would love to hear more.”
“Ah yes, we must always have reason to our actions. We can never simply do something just ‘because’. What freedom that would be, to wander in whatever direction we should choose.”
Liberty, he trusts, will make her way somewhere safe. He has to hope. She bears no livery that will implicate him, but she is a recognisable horse to anyone who knows him.
Steve hopes against hope that what he’s carrying is the proof he needs. This has perhaps become a little closer to danger than he would have preferred.
He turned to check the carriage, but any second where he was looking in there was a second when he didn’t have his eye on the people he was robbing.
Sam also has some very persistent cousins, one of whom seems to have set her mind on Steve with a determination that is as admirable as it is disturbing. She seeks him out for conversation, although Steve knows he cannot be any great entertainment for her, and she volunteers to show him all her accomplishments. She plays the piano well, but Steve cannot find anything more than a polite admiration for it.
“Ah,” Steve says, before raising his second gun and pointing at her. “I warn you, my lady. I am a very good shot.”
His hands grip into the stone, so hard that he almost feels like it’s grinding against the bone. He has no business being here at all. This was never his place. He lets out the breath he is holding in his lungs, sees it fill the spring night with mist before dissipating into nothing.
“You deserve this,” Sam says. He cuts right to the quick of the matter, as is his way. That is the core of it, isn’t it? How can Steve be rewarded with this when he failed to bring anybody back with him? He feels like he has cheated them all somehow and stolen what should have been theirs. “Maybe this is the universe’s way of trying to apologise. You don’t speak of what happened to you. I respect that, although maybe you should. But whatever it was, you still get to be happy. Good things can still happen to you and you don’t have to reject them. Whoever you lost, if you meant as much to them as they meant to you, they wouldn’t want you to punish yourself.”
“And once again, you have the advantage,” Tony mutters, clearly quietly enough that Steve is not supposed to overhear. “Captain Rogers, every time I have the measure of you, I find myself mistaken.”
“I did it myself when I was fourteen,” Sam says as Steve places the bag down atop the desk. “I broke my arm and my knee swelled up like an overripe plum.” Steve grins. “But I can’t imagine Liberty throwing you, and you’re a better rider than most.”
we escape from the secret Hydra base,” Tony Stark suggests. “Do you need your inhaler again? You’re not looking too good.”
He loops back around, behind where the militia are searching. If they were his men, he’d have a thing or two to say about their lack of attention to detail, but from this side of the law, he can only find himself grateful for their incompetence. If any of his own men had been hunting for him, he would have long since been shot.
As Ms Van Dyne had said, there is a certain romantic adventure to the highwayman. They are a figure of mystery and Steve could make it work. He would not really steal anything, it could be returned or left where the relevant people would find it, and he can search for the traitors and discover what it is they are transporting… and even who they are working on behalf of.
Tony gives his goodbyes and Steve watches from the window as he mounts his horse and rides off. At the gate, Tony pauses and turns in his saddle to look back, raising a hand in farewell. Though he knows the chances of Tony seeing him are slim, Steve returns the gesture.
“I had no idea it was a pastime of yours,” Sir Anthony says. “I do not remember you mentioning it before - or my father having mentioned it when he spoke of you.”
“Do not tell me of my virtues, Captain Rogers. Please. Not today. I cannot hear them and know I am making a liar out of you.” There is something in his expression that stays Steve’s tongue. He doesn’t know what nonsense Sir Anthony has concocted in his mind about himself, but there is something there more honest than Sir Anthony often displays.
“Then I fear we must have your eyesight examined, my friend,” Sam says, patting Steve’s shoulder with a good deal more gentle camaraderie than is evident in his words. “If you could not see in Sir Anthony’s eyes the high regard he has for you, then you must be blind.”
“You are not good at concealing your feelings. Your face shows them all. And whenever you are in a gathering like this, it says very clearly that you would prefer to be anywhere else.”
Steve manages to sit through two dances before someone comes up to him, a striking young woman with bright red hair set in perfect curls.
“The man is a traitor, to everything he claims to-” Steve cuts himself off as his voice begins to rise. The house is full of servants that Sir Anthony had hired. He cannot be overheard. He folds up the designs again and begins to change from his Nomad clothing as Sam turns his back.
“It must have slipped his mind,” Steve says. “I have a few sketches of him that I drew, back at the house. If you wish to see them-”
“I thought I had cured you of this delusion. We have established that I am not perfect.” Steve sighs. “You insist on teasing me with this. As for any future partner, should I have one, I would not wish to hold anyone to such impossible standards. I fear that would not be a recipe for a happy connection. I should only wish, in the event that I marry, that I find someone who challenges me and whose flaws complement my own. Someone perfect for me.” Steve flushes deeply, realising he has strayed across the line into conversational waters that may be too personal. “Though I confess I am fond of music, although I lack the skill to play myself.”
“Of course not, and I suppose it was some other mysterious masked man who kissed the baronet’s hand and somersaulted over his head.”
“Tonight is bound to give us both grey hairs, it seems,” Sam says, rubbing a hand over his face. “Did you know she was there?”
Steve forces himself to release the masonry, relaxing his hands before he half turns to look at Sir Anthony’s face, which is watching him with concern. Sir Anthony looks as though he would call the whole party to a halt if it would make Steve feel better.
“My wardrobe is perfectly fine,” Steve says, turning to the tailor. “I am sorry for any inconvenience this has-”
“One day, Captain Rogers, I will uncover you.” The promise is firm and soft, almost a verbal caress, but at the same time it makes Steve’s blood run cold. “But for today, I shall let you have your secrets. Lead on.”
There is a whir of machinery as Iron Man crouches down and picks up the huge rock of rubble from the man’s stomach and tosses it aside as though it weighs nothing. Steve tries to nod, but he’s not sure he manages very well. He adjusts himself into a sitting position and concentrates as best he can on slowing his breathing. He’s done this before. He’s not going to survive Hydra and then let an asthma attack fuck him over. He’s fine. He just needs to breathe in…. And out… and in…
It is only a small gathering, Ms Van Dyne, her husband, and Mrs Romanoff, but the small party is quite cheerful and it is relaxing to be among people who feel little need to try to impress anyone. They pass a merry afternoon before Steve bids them farewell. Sam once again has business with the local falconer, but Steve wishes to return to his sketching, so he heads straight for Lakefield
Steve considers this for a moment, then nods. It is possible, in an unlikely sort of way, that whatever is being smuggled is somehow connected to the wedding rings, but he’ll take that chance.
From a distance, he doesn’t recognise the driver or the carriage, but as it approaches, he is hit by the sudden familiarity and a cold wave of horror washes over him.
“In society, the right clothes are as important as the right uniform is in the army,” Sir Anthony says. “Not to mention I am holding a dinner in a few weeks, and I insist that you be properly attired for it.”
But what comfort will they find in seeing him, when he came back and Bucky never would? Will he be any help at all to them, or will he just be salt in a fresh wound?
“Speaking of that,” Mr Barton says. “The reason we came here tonight… I found a rather specific horse wandering around, I thought perhaps you might have a home for her.” Steve starts, looking up.
“Call me Nomad,” he calls back and reaches up to tip his hat, but as he does so, he sees a flash of metal out of the corner of his eyes.
His brain is working at things as he daubs the paint onto the paper, frowning as the brush lines do not come out quite right. He gets his brush a little too wet and watches in dismay as the brown paint spills over, rolling down across the rest of the picture, bleeding into the green of the grass.
“No, you were quite caught up in your work,” Sir Anthony says, offering him a smile. “I can’t say I don’t understand. Poor Jarvis often has to yell at me to get my attention when I’m in my workshop, and Obie and Mrs Hogan have often told me that I am oblivious to the world when there are tools in my hand. It is good to see I’m not the only one.”
“You don’t have to come with me,” Steve says as the clip-clop of their horses’ hooves dulls in the mud of the road. “Your family will miss you.”
“Ah! I should have sent word, yes,” Sir Anthony says. “My manners are appalling, my mother…” he breaks off, as though the words have come out of his mouth quite without his permission. “She would be appalled,” he says, more slowly.
“Where are you taking me?” he asks, but he does not speak horse so all he can do is wait. Her stride is smooth, but even the smoothest horse ride is still bumpy and every step jolts at his back.
“Of course not,” Sam pauses and looks over to him with a sigh. “I risked my life for the same thing you did. I’m just trying to manage your expectations. Did you write to anyone about what you heard?”
“I wasn’t intending to,” Steve says, wincing. “Sometimes I still do not know my own strength.” He looks down and sees that he has not in fact ripped the binding, but the end paper has come away from the cover, the rich swirling patterns peeling up in the corner. He almost looks away before he sees that there is something there - sandwiched between the end paper and the cover.
He starts putting the things back into the chest and heads to his bed, heart heavy with unreasonable disappointment. The room is frigid, his sheets cold from disuse and the early morning world is a dismal grey.
“I do not believe you could be a more severe critic of my work than I am myself,” Steve says. “My sketches are in the music room, shall we?” He gestures to the door.
associated with Hydra, but had died of cancer in the eighties after decades working for the US government. It had seemed like just another routine load of nonsense.
“We have very little at present. The culprit is good at hiding their tracks,” she says. “But we are given to understand that there will be another delivery within the month.”
“I fear from the look on your face and the damage you are threatening to do to my stonework that I may need to,” Sir Anthony says. “I'm sorry if anyone said anything to offend you. I can ask them to leave if you wish.”
But he has nowhere else to turn, and he is losing blood. That, combined with the exertions he has been putting on his body - the lack of sleep - and the effort his body is already putting into trying to heal, he feels drained.
“That makes the situation a little less impossible,” Sam concedes. “But you must allow that you still do not have a face nor a name. Nor do you have any idea what manner of thing it was they were transporting. What do you intend to do?”
“My father spoke highly of you to me, as well, but perhaps it would have been better for everyone if he had given his good opinions to the people they were intended for. I shall leave you to enjoy your sketching, Captain. Good day.” Sir Anthony digs his heels into the flanks of his horse to urge it into a walk, but Steve steps up. He doesn’t know how to recover the moment. He does not wish to lose a friend over a misunderstanding.
“Sam.” Steve pauses. He doesn’t know how to convey just what he means. Why is it that sometimes words come so easily to him and at other times they abandon him completely?
“And what did you wish to convey?” Sir Anthony asks. He sounds stilted still, like they are speaking a language he does not know very well.
Steve starts at the remembrance. He had forgotten about the disastrous conversation and his decision to try to reconcile today.
“Not yet,” he says. “I always feel awake after large groups of people.” It’s not a lie, but it isn’t quite the truth. “I’ll head to bed in a while. Some reading will settle me down.”
Steve tries not to react, but Sir Anthony was right that his face betrays him. He glances over to where Sir Anthony is talking to Mr Pym, Ms Van Dyne’s husband, and catches his gaze. Tony smiles, but Steve has to look away.
Steve can feel the blush rising at the undercurrent of her words. If Bucky could see him now, he would be in fits of laughter at the very idea of this moment. Wherever he is now, he’s probably laughing anyway, not even knowing why.
“And you never shall if you do not outfit yourself properly!” Sir Anthony exclaims. “What do you do with your possessions as you travel? Do you roll your garments up in your saddle bags?” Steve does not reply as he takes in the aghast look on Sir Anthony’s face.
He crosses to where his sketches sit on the table and turns to hand them to Tony, but Tony is looking at the piano.
“The horses were nothing compared to Du-” Steve cuts himself off. Dum-Dum’s snoring had been legendary. Fit to wake the dead. “Horses aren’t so bad. They’re warm at least.” he says. Sam nods.
Bridge is not really Steve’s game, at least when you are not in the sort of company that accepts cheating. Card games with the Howlies had usually degenerated into unscrupulous battles of sleight of hand. But there is strategy involved and Steve manages to acquit himself adequately. It helps that his partner is an accomplished player. Of course, the cards aren’t the real star of the evening. As Steve is learning, these activities are all just window dressing for the gossip that goes on.
“You wouldn’t be imposing,” Captain Wilson assures him. “My family gets sick of my face all too quickly. A fresh face and some fresh conversation will be welcome.” The captain looks at him and Steve cannot see a lie in his face. He is not sure what Steve Rogers, who has been nothing but awkward and lost since he stepped aboard, has done to deserve this offer of friendship, but he knows he cannot refuse it.
Naturally, as they are in Stark Manor, conversation turns to their host. Wealthy and titled, Sir Anthony must be considered the most eligible bachelor in the room, but it seems he does not line up with everyone’s expectations.
“I am glad to hear it, Captain Rogers. You understand that I cannot be too vigilant in the matter of Tony’s acquaintances.”
“Yes,” Sir Anthony replies and he sounds so amused now that Steve has to think about what he just said and examine his words, blushing when he realises.
“Sam,” he says, cutting through the birdsong and the rustle of leaves on the breeze. His friend turns to him. “I'm struck by the peace and solitude here. If you don’t mind, I’ll leave you to complete your errand alone and explore a little more. It has been a while since I’ve done any sketching.”
Steve lunges for the bag, and the man puts up a token effort to keep it away. Steve pulls his pistol and aims it right into the man’s face, so he has to go cross-eyed just to look at it. He watches the man’s adam’s apple bob up and down as he swallows and holds out the bag with one arm.
“If the rules or society, or tradition are responsible for harm to an innocent person, or for injustice in any form, then I have always thought it is our duty to do what is right.”
“I should imagine not,” Sir Anthony says. “My thanks for allowing me the use of the piano,” he says to Steve, inclining his head. “But I fear I have taken up too much of your day. I must take my leave.”
“Or conveying a message,” Steve agrees. “They said it was steady work, so it sounds more long-term than immediate.”
The talk in the village is all of the upcoming ball. Half of the county is invited, it seems, and anyone who is anyone will be there.
“And yet I just told you that when society is wrong, then I tend to ignore its concerns,” Steve comments. He’s about to protest that Sir Anthony is a good man when he is stopped by the man holding up a hand.
“You look almost dangerous, Captain Rogers,” Sir Anthony says. His voice is rough as well and Steve should step away, go back to the polite distance.
“You seem to delight in mocking me, Sir Anthony,” Steve says, striding quickly away from the window. Tony’s face falls.
Sam sticks around, probably because watching Steve founder is the most amusement he’s had in years. But even he finds himself stymied when Mrs Templeton, Steve’s new housekeeper, and Mrs Arbogast, the formidable lady who runs Tony’s own household, come together in some perfect storm of efficiency and common sense.
They make good time and the sun is barely setting when they reach the inn. The stable is full of horses and four carriages are set down. It must be a popular place, more likely because of its situation on the main road to Brooklyn, direct from the military bases in the north, than through any fault of its owners, Steve deems after seeing the inside.
“You’re a madman,” he says. Steve grins. His blood is thrumming through his veins and he can feel the rush of the chase inside him.
“My thanks, Ms Van Dyne,” he says. “Your rescue is appreciated. I fear I'm not suited to such gatherings.” He scratches at the back of his head. “And my appreciation of bridge is…”
“I would not presume to profess to care for someone I did not,” Steve says carefully. “And if I cared for someone, I would not wish to see them suffer.” Penelope and Mr Moore both beam at him. “Though the situation has not yet arisen.” Their smiles fall.
“Whatever Stark sent you here to do, it will not work,” Steve says. “I cannot in conscience allow him to continue.”
They pore over the two books, identical copies, but Steve cannot find a single difference to them on a cursory glance, or even under a more detailed inspection. He growls in frustration.
Just as he’s trying to work out what’s going on, one of the guards reaches out to press his hand against the wall and the wall… opens.
“That seems like it might prove more dangerous than it seems,” Steve says, although he is vibrating with recognition of the feeling.
“Captain Rogers,” Sir Anthony repeats, more sharply. “Mr Jarvis said you had a business matter to discuss. As you can see, I am rather busy at present, so it might be best for both of us if you stated your case. There is no need to prolong what must be an unpleasant errand.”
“Not really. We have occasional bands of opportunistic thieves, but the militia tends to deal with them quite smartly. Although…” Ms Van Dyne leans in, her eyes sparkling. “The same could not be said a hundred years ago. Has anyone told you the local ghost story?”
After what seems like an age has passed, the thick pile of the carpet swallowing the sounds of his footsteps, he hears the door push open and Steve turns smartly.
“I still don't know how you intend to do anything,” he says. “You can hardly stop and search every traveller on the road to Brooklyn. That would be madness!”
Once Steve has said yes, Sir Anthony becomes even more of an unstoppable force. The house is a flurry of activity. Servants are hired, sheets are removed and the china and silverware are pulled out of storage. Steve is at the centre of a domestic hurricane as he comes to terms with the fact that he knows nothing about housekeeping whatsoever.
There is a strange sound, just at the edge of Steve’s hearing, and the images on the screen freeze for a second, like a video tape on pause, and the noise grows louder. It’s not from inside the room, Steve realises. He had thought it was Zola’s computers overheating, but that’s not it. It’s mechanical, a whine almost, or the roar of a plane’s engine, but not quite. It sounds like something coming towards them at high speed. The guards look around, eyes wide. Which means they have no idea what’s going on. That’s either a good sign, or a very bad one. Either way, Steve doesn’t want to be standing in the middle of it.
Everything stops. Sir Anthony’s head jerks around, his back straightening immediately, and his hands freeze on the piano keys.
Steve knows that Bucky would laugh at him, but there is no way anyone would see respectable Captain Rogers in the masked knave he has created and that is the point.
Poised to do what? There is no war for him to fight here. There is no threat here. Mr Murdock sits quite calmly on the other side of the desk and from the antechamber behind Steve, there come the sounds of someone filing papers. He forces his shoulders to relax.
“And this is why you always get to be the servant,” she says, folding her hands on her lap prettily. “We apologise for the subterfuge, but until recently, privacy was our best defence.”
The music room is bright and airy. It is probably Steve’s favourite room in the house with its broad windows and light colour scheme. But it feels empty so much of the time. He has had the piano tuned, although there is no one to play it. Bucky’s sister Becca had sometimes played, although she played every piece with the militant air of a five day march.
The moon is just a sliver in the sky, the crescent barely giving enough light for Steve to see his way to the outhouse, though the sky is full of stars, swathes of them. The metal for his shield had come from the rock of a fallen star, he remembers. He wonders what Sam must see from his airship at night. It is beautiful.
He enters the parlour and scowls at the painting over the mantlepiece, its depiction of the glories of war nothing he wants to think of at the moment. He turns from it in agitation and finds that Sam is ensconced in one of the high back chairs.
They can’t talk to each other up here. Stark’s faceplate is gone and the wind snatches away any words Steve tries to say before they can be heard. But flying like this, without a plan between him and the world…
“I’m not used to the luxury either,” he says. “These beds, they’re too soft. Sometimes I’m worried I’ll sink right into it and it’ll close up behind me.”
“Dancing, or pretending that he’s having a good time?” Steve asks before he can stop his big mouth. Her comment draws his eyes to Sir Anthony, who is now dancing with another young man who stares at him with astonishment.
He’s uncovered embezzlement, brought about a recall of tainted medicine, and helped people get justice - and compensation - for things that should have never happened to them.
“Captain Rogers,” Tony calls. “You’ve been too modest about your talents.” He beams as he holds up a sketch. “This study of the manor is beautifully depicted. I must have it.”
Steve heaves a sigh. He must not feel discouraged. This is only his first attempt. It could not be expected that the villains would be at work every night, nor that he would necessarily be fortunate enough to happen upon the people he is looking for straight away. He has only waylaid three parties on the road. Far more than that must have travelled yesterday, but he cannot lie in wait all day. He will have to vary his schedule in case they are accustomed to travelling at different times of day.
“Well, you’ve certainly kicked up enough of a fuss already,” a voice says and Steve starts. He looks up to see Mrs Romanoff standing in the doorway, watching them coolly.
But this is no time for recriminations, his hands full of borrowed - stolen - goods, halfway up the baronet’s front path.
“He came round to play you his mother’s favourite song,” Sam says. “You cannot think he would refuse you.”
“I know Tony. We grew up together,” she says. “I cannot believe him capable of all the things they accuse him of. I will confess that I did believe he and Miss Potts - Mrs Hogan, now - to be engaged, but then she married Mr Hogan and they are now on their honeymoon, so I must have been mistaken.”
“The best sort of story,” Sam says and they look up to see him standing over them. “May I listen in?”
He takes his findings back with him to the house to go through them, sitting at the desk in the hidden room well into the early hours of the morning, reading through letters. There is nothing suspicious and none of the items he has taken seems to be anything more than trinkets or practical travel items.
“Greetings,” he says, the persona of The Nomad falling onto him, although his heart is beating double time at the thought that he has finally found the people he has been searching for this whole time. His mission is at its end. “Sorry to inconvenience you; this’ll take but a moment.”
“Yes, please. I mean if you would be so kind,” he says quickly, reaching up a hand to run it through his hair.
He is saved from having to defend his actions by the arrival of the post. There is an invitation from Ms Van Dyne to have tea with her, which he and Sam gladly accept.
“How-” Steve hesitates, but Sir Anthony’s face is so open, he continues in spite of his misgivings. ‘How do you do it? How do you smile and dance and entertain when they died and they aren’t here?’ Is what he wants to ask, but the words will not come. “How long can they cope without you?” he asks instead. They have been out here alone together too long. People will talk. This evening has proved that people do little else. The thought is uncharitable and he chastises himself for it. These are good people and they take an interest in each other’s lives. He has seen nothing truly malicious in it.
A large hand with a drink in it appears from the left, inserting itself between the two of them. Steve follows the rich fabric of the sleeve up to Mr Stane’s face.
It goes surprisingly smoothly and Steve manages a fairly thorough examination of the goods and valuables they are carrying and takes a few satchels to look through - and then return - later. No one is injured and everyone goes on with their day.
It would be easier if he liked her. He can tell from the looks Sam’s aunt and grandmother give him that he is being judged and valued, like a piece of meat. It is not obvious, but there is a sense there that he is an eligible bachelor and while they are subtle enough in their attempts to matchmake, Steve feels on display. So he hides, and Sam finds him to commiserate with him.
“You’re back late,” Sam says, looking up from the newspaper he’s reading. He takes in Steve’s expression and his appearance. “Are you alright? You seem a little off.”
“I’ll wait downstairs, then. Don’t be too long. I did tell him I would see him in the morning, not the evening, after all.”
There are a few likely places. The road is not straight and the twists and bends allow for cover. Steve is sketching out a battlemap of the third such location when he hears the sound of hooves on the road with a start.
“How is it that you, someone so insignificant, have managed to derail so many of my plans?” Zola asks. Steve straightens. He knows a bully when he hears one. “I had wondered if you were a mind to match my own, but I have looked into your life-” images appear of Steve, as a baby, as a toddler, at school, graduating. With his ma, at his ma’s grave. With Bucky. At his first convention, signing posters. On his twitch live stream. “You show no great mental strengths. No genius. No true vision. You are unimportant. How could someone like
“You’re right,” Steve says, glancing up at the sky. The clouds are beginning to gather, if they stay out much longer they will most likely be soaked. “There’s no way that would work.”
“Captain Rogers, I must confess I am surprised. I had assumed your business would be complete by now. Tony, I brought you a drink, the dust in this place must be drying you out.
“There is nothing wrong with wanting,” Steve says. They still have not looked away from one another. He should look away, but he finds he cannot. Then he realises what he just said, the tone of his voice, how that could sound…
The wound is serious. In an ordinary person, it would have been debilitating. Steve can only thank God for the process that led to his current condition. Without the serum, he would definitely have lost his life tonight. As it is, that is only a possibility. He can feel the warmth of blood dripping down his back, sticking fabric to him, and the searing pain of the hole. He can even, in a strange way, feel the ball inside him. He needs to get it out. If he heals with it still inside him, he doubts it will lead to anything good.
Steve still thinks it’s probably a joke, but that’s a lot of effort to go to for one joke. He’s had Scott try to trace the number, and there’s nothing. Same with the email address. Whoever this is, they’ve gone to a lot of effort, and if they’re serious, then Steve owes them the respect of taking them seriously.
“Who else could you be working for?” Steve asks. “And rest assured, I will not go easy on you because you are a woman.”
Sir Anthony pulls out his pocket watch and looks at it, his eyebrows rising. “Not soon at all. I have in fact taken up all of your afternoon, for it is quite certainly evening now. I have an appointment with Obie regarding some new designs.” He looks to the sky outside.
“I am tougher than I look,” Mrs Romanoff informs him and there is steel in her eyes that leaves Steve in no doubt that what she says is true.
“It’s not. I’m not. Fuck the lot of ‘em. Hydra can have ‘em for all I care. I’d just rather not end up with a rope around my neck.”
Barton would be well placed to smuggle such information out. Although a groom would not have access to the house, perhaps.
“No, it’s doing its job,” Steve says. It is, he can feel it. If he’d had a chance to just sit and breathe, he’d probably be okay by now.
Steve crawls over to the guard’s body and starts to rifle through it, concentrating on keeping his breathing as even as possible. He needs to relax, forget the guys with vaporising guns shooting at him. Forget the Nazi conspiracy he’s just found. Forget that Iron Man is standing less than a metre away. Just breathe - and find the key.
Steve wants to growl that he knows how to deal with this. He’s been asthmatic his whole life. This isn't even a proper attack, won't be if he gets his inhaler. But he needs the air for breathing more than for shouting at superheroes.
He braces himself on the bulwark and looks out over the railing. The air up here is biting cold, even through the thick gloves he is wearing. Below him the world is a sea of cloud and haze, the occasional hint of grey ocean peeking through. Steve forces himself to relax his muscles to keep from shivering, although the icy breeze has struck him.
“He’s not wrong,” Sam offers, and Steve makes a face, but can’t refute the statement. He has certainly never seen it disproved.
“Just coming to see if you are alright. I know this must be hard on you, since the accident, but I see you have company.” Stane gives the pair of them an amused look, his eyes finding the way Steve’s fingers are smoothing his coat down and checking his buttons. There is nothing said, but Steve feels exposed and ridiculed, like when he was small and other people would look at him with disdain, refusing to take him seriously. He straightens his back.
“If you don’t want people to get hurt,” Tony’s voice says - and Steve looks up into the cocking of a pistol - “you really should find a different profession.” He gives a little grin.
“No, no…” Sir Anthony says. “But I fear that sometimes the rules are less for our benefit and more a trap.”
The ride to Melward is pleasant, and Steve is surprised to find the baronet a good conversationalist. Or perhaps it is that he is surprised to find that they can hold a good conversation together. Steve has met plenty of rich and titled men over the years, and seldom have their areas of interest overlapped in such a way as to make conversations enjoyable, but Sir Anthony is not what Steve had expected. He has a way of looking at and describing the world which makes Steve see things differently, and, on occasion, Steve is even startled to find himself chuckling at some observation or other Sir Anthony has had about Brooklyn, or the military.
The music room door opens, allowing Sam in to break up the moment. Steve feels the air rush back to him. The world opens up again. He releases the sketches, stepping back smartly as Tony pulls them towards himself.
The cool of the night hits him as he braces himself on the balustrade, drawing in a deep, cold breath of air.
Summer is coming to its close, the leaves beginning to fade from fresh green to crisp brown. It is a beautiful transition, and Steve takes out his paints, and settles in the music room window to try to capture the vista.
“Steve,” Sam says, leaning back in his chair, his eyebrows raised as he gives a slight smile. “Please don’t take this the wrong way, but I suspect your… flair for the dramatic, may not be what a spy master looks for in his spies.”
“I… not directly,” Steve says, flustered. “I wanted to let him know that they did not damage my good opinion of him.”
“Ah,” Sam says, as though that explains everything. Steve looks at him in question. “It’s just every time the two of you talk you end up confused, angry, or like someone shot your horse.”
As he finds his way out again, unsettled and uneasy in his skin, there are quick, uneven footsteps behind him.
“In amongst the times he spoke not so highly, I expect.” Steve cannot dispute the statement. Howard had always worried about his son’s profligate lifestyle and lack of propriety. “Your silence tells the truth of it, Captain Rogers, though you're too kind to speak ill of a man to his face.”
Steve cannot imagine himself ever being home in a place like this. He has overcome some of his initial qualms about the place, but he still feels as though he will break something valuable if he looks at it too hard.
He is ushered to the parlour, where a good number of guests already sit - though he and Sam had not been late by any means. He nods to Ms Van Dyne, who sits to the left, probably one of his favourite new acquaintances as she has just the one child, who is not yet two years old, and therefore only has interest in Steve for himself, not for his lack of a spouse. She smiles back, but before they can exchange two words, Mr Stane is leading him further on again, to the small bridge table in the corner, where two young women and a young man are sitting. Steve sighs internally, for he recognises all three as being unmarried and very much interested in changing that status. It seems that he shall not escape them today, not if Mr Stane has his way.
“Oh, I’m serious,” Sam says. “Haven’t you seen the way Mr Stane glares at you? Word around the village is that he has plans for Sir Anthony’s marriage. You are quite the fly in his ointment.”
“You will want to be careful with Sir Anthony,” Mrs Romanoff says as they promenade around each other, hands touching lightly.
“It would be a great coincidence for there to be two conspiracies going on at the same time,” Sam says, his voice thoughtful. “But while his actions are suspicious, they are not those I would expect from someone trying to cover up treason.”
“In my experience, it is the things that come with greater difficulty, that end up more worthwhile in the end,” Steve says. Sir Anthony eyes him curiously and then nods, a small smile crossing his face.
“It is not from my sweetheart,” Steve says. “I don’t have a sweetheart.” He carefully avoids Sam’s cousin’s eyes again. “I expect it is a matter of business.” He does not say that he has little business that could require a letter to be sent to him. His only business is soldiering and that is all done for the time being, or so he hopes.
There is no rest from the thudding of his heartbeat until the militia are far away from him. He is grateful they did not bring any dogs, for they would surely have sniffed him out. He is not sure if he will be so lucky next time. But perhaps there will not need to be a next time. He looks at the bag clasped in his hand. It is possible that this is all at an end. He knows the faces of those two now, he knows their voices. He may not have got their names, but he may have seized what they were delivering, and that itself may be enough.
“Oh, probably not for days,” Mr Stane says with all outward sign of solicitousness. “He once holed himself up in that workshop of his for over a week.” He sips his brandy with the air of a particularly smug cat. Steve takes a deep breath and lets it out.
“I did not mean-” he looks around the workshop, from the haphazard stacks of papers to the curious moving contraptions that whir and tick along in the background. “Clearly you are very intelligent. I did not mean to insult you.”
of paper meeting paper overly loud in the grave stillness of the room. The clock still ticks behind him, marching on unstoppably. Steve’s heart is pounding in his chest, his shoulders tight, he is poised -
“I would indeed,” the red head says, giving the other man - her husband - a hard look before turning to Steve.
The two men push him towards what seems to be a plain expanse of wall and Steve wonders if they’re going to stand him up against it and shoot him. It seems like an odd decision, though. If they wanted him dead, it would have been easier to spin if they’d just shot him on sight. No one would bat an eyelid at someone being shot for breaking into a secure military facility. Few people, anyway. Bringing him inside just to execute him would be… strange.
,” Bucky’s ghost says. Steve can almost see him leaning back against the balustrade next to him. They could have come here, Steve thinks, sudden and blindingly painfully. This had been Howard’s house and he had invited them all around. In another world, in another time, he would not have been alone in the sea of strangers, he would have been surrounded by friends. His heart aches for something he will never have and he feels the loss of it all over again. That is what he has found. The grief does not go away, it merely hides itself somewhat and waits for a moment like this to seize his breath again and stab him deep once more. Every time it feels fresh, every time it makes his heart stop momentarily in his chest, as though it is trying to join the others.
Steve feels caught, like a butterfly in a collector’s case. He is staring at Tony’s eyes and Tony is looking back. For the first time since he returned from the front, he feels seen, but he is not afraid of it. The sketches hang between them, caught, Steve holding one side, Tony the other.
It's almost a disappointment to reach his destination, but the stillness of the woods serves only to lend a strange solemnity to the occasion. The infrequent hoots of the owls and the cries of the foxes split the night.
“So far he’s developed a metal light enough for an airship to move at speed without losing protection and a propulsion system that makes our airships the envy of the world - I have no idea what he’s working on now, but I want to find out, sooner rather than later. He’s saved the lives of half the sky forces one way or another.”
“Right,” he says in a voice that suggests he does not understand at all. “Perhaps this conversation would be easier if you were to actually state your purpose, rather than telling me how you wish it were unnecessary.”
“You may see the lights when we get a bit closer. It’s a magical sight, the golden glow beneath the clouds. Not a thing like it on the ground.”
“Are you going to dance?” Sam asks, nudging Steve’s shoulder. “There are many people hoping you will.” Steve tries not to look around, though he can feel the eyes on him.
He does not mount Liberty until he has left the grounds, he does not want the hoofbeats to draw attention.
Steve is faster than a normal man, but Barton is quick on the trigger - accurate, too. Steve and Liberty are already moving when he feels the lead ball tear into his back.
But a criminal, a gentleman thief, a highwayman? They could do it and no one would be any the wiser. He could search out the conspirators without alerting them and find real information for Lod Fury. He could be useful again.
It’s a good few metres to the panel on the wall, and his breathing is still uneven, his legs shaky. The dust in the air is settling, but it’s not helping matters. And then there’s the small issue of the men with guns shooting at them.
“Returning bags in the middle of the night,” Steve says, shaking the hand with the bags in it. “Nothing taken, just wanted to have a look. I was going to leave them on the steps, but since you’re here… catch.”
The close shave has his heart thudding in his chest, but he feels more exhilarated than anything. The question of Barton is a curious one. He would swear that Barton’s voice is not one of the two he heard that night at the inn, but if the man has the ability to disguise it, that means very little. If Barton is one of the two people he overheard, then that changes things. It would make sense. Top secret designs, orders and documents must come in and out of the baronet’s house on a regular basis. Tony is thoroughly entrenched in advancing military technologies, as evidenced by his conversations with Sam about airship design and the work Steve has seen with his own eyes in Tony’s workshop.
And on top of that, there is the matter of the bequest. He had never thought. Never considered- He and Sir Howard had occasional conversations, but nothing to indicate this level of generosity.
“My… My…” Steve tries to get his breathing under control, but the dust and the movement and the whole thing is just tangling around his airway and he can’t… “pho… phone,” he manages to get out.
, after all. Bucky stares at him long and hard, and Steve curses the years they’ve spent with each other which mean that Bucky can read him almost as well as his ma could.
“No mistake, Captain Rogers,” Mr Murdock says. His lips curl in amusement. “We have a full accounting of all your finances, if you would like to see it.” Steve nods, then remembers the man won’t be able to see him.
His eyesight is also much improved by Erskine’s miraculous serum. His dark vision is that much sharper than the average human. He cannot truly see in the dark, but in dim light, he has a better chance than most men. As the two start to gallop by him, he can see the man clutching a bag to him, clearly more concerned with that than anything else, and Steve takes the chance.
It is Sir Anthony, sitting at the piano and looking more at home than Steve has ever seen him outside of his workshop. His fingers dance over the keys as he moves with the music. His back is not that poker-straight upright line that most people seem to have when playing the piano, it sways from side to side, his head moving with it, like he can’t help himself from moving with the music.
Or try, at least. That’s not going to be easy, though. He’s got contingencies set up. He’s got plans. He just never thought he’d need them.
It is possible that Steve gets a little carried away in the idea of it, but he takes the mask as a guiding point. Midnight blue and a shirt to go with it. He has a pair of breeches that he also dyes blue and some riding boots that reach almost to his thighs. A hat, of course, with three corners, the sort of hat that Steve would never wear and, to complete it, a dark blue cape with a golden lining.
“I, Captain, am independently wealthy and have no interest in finding a second husband or wife. Love is not something I need, but you and I are cut from different cloth. If you change your mind, I know several young people who I believe would be good matches for you.”
“There are so many of them, little rules that govern everything, and some days I’d like to say to hell with the lot of them, why not just do what I want?”
“You say that, but-” Steve begins to gesture over to the clockwork machines on the other side of the room. They have a curious charm about them, not like the sleek lines of the airships, but charismatic nonetheless. Before he can explain his point, though, there are steps on the stairs.
He packs his bag; he boards the airship; he makes the journey. But there is a part of him that knows he is not really going home. Even as the wind is in his face and he stares out at the horizon, he feels the truth of it settling right under his skin. He is stuck there, beyond the sea, where the bodies lie.
Steve tries not to look too shocked by the secret door. He’s angry, not impressed. But it is like something out of a spy novel.
The flurry of activity has been enough to keep Steve’s mind busy, pushing most other concerns out of it, but lingering at the back of his consciousness is a niggling memory of the conversation he overheard at the inn.
They sit in silence, staring at it, until Sam reaches out and plucks another, smaller sliver of paper from the book, where Steve had overlooked it. It looks more like a scrap, torn off on each edge, and folded once.
The seal on the back of the envelope is familiar, but it takes a second for him to place it. In the end, it is the motto that reminds him:
,” Bucky says in his mind. Steve shakes his head, but raises his hands to the sides, the stolen cases still hanging from one, and turns around.
“I would not dream of taking an item of such sentimental value,” he says. She looks surprised, but slightly mollified. “I do have a bag here for any other valuables, however.” He tosses it to the ground in front of Tony. “And as I said, all other valises, cases and baggage would be appreciated.”
“I am sorry about your knuckles,” he says, pulling away. “I really did not intend anyone to get hurt.”
“You have done all you can,” Sam says. “We will send this to the relevant authorities and they will do what is necessary. You need have no further part in this.”
“Not enough time to look in a mirror, I take it,” Sam says. Steve looks back at him, nonplussed. “Your coat is buttoned wrong. You can’t go out like that, what will the neighbours think?”
“You were infantry,” Barton tells him. “I thought so. What’s a soldier doing stealing bags in the middle of the night?”
He finds another phone - the guard’s, he assumes, and pockets it, the more evidence he has the better - a pack of gum, a switchblade, a set of keys, and then, around the guy’s neck, one other key.
“I honestly couldn’t care less,” Steve tells him, but he does rebutton his coat before they set out.
“I have enough images of Sir Howard’s face looking down disapprovingly from the walls of my own house,” Sir Anthony says. Steve knows there is no reason to be disappointed, but there is disappointment mixed with his irritation at how disrespectfully Sir Anthony speaks of his dead father, Steve’s friend. It must show in his face again because Sir Anthony’s eyes go wide. “That is not to say that I do not wish to see your work. I would be delighted - just perhaps a different subject. Sir Howard and I were not close. We were both difficult men - I still am, and I somewhat doubt the grave has made him less severe - our relationship was likewise difficult.”
Steve had forgotten how good it feels to ride somewhere, and more than that, to ride somewhere with a purpose. Idleness does not suit him.
That inevitably brings the conversation back to Sir Anthony and how he has been of invaluable assistance.
“Were you not sketching when I came in? I thought for certain that must be what you hid with such haste.”
The pair of them end up taking a longer route than they should as they get turned around and they end up in a field right besides the Brooklyn road.
“I should kill you where you stand for your betrayal,” Steve says. “You’re killing good men, you and Stark both.”
“I told you - anything to avoid the honourable Miss Throckmorton,” Sam says, his ready grin steady as a rock.
“Then rest easy in your duty, as I am fine. I am recovered,” Steve says, trying to believe it as he says it.
“Fascinating creatures,” Steve says. He holds the gaze of Tony’s warm brown eyes, which are squinting a bit in confusion.
” He knows Bucky would be laughing at him right now, running scared from a number written on a piece of paper. Some brave captain he is.
Sam gives him a look as though to say he is not fooling anyone, but Steve ignores it and Sam allows himself to be moved back to talk of other matters. If Steve’s mind is still half on the baronet, then he tries to hide it as best he can.
Steve tries to look innocent and Bucky gives a huge sigh, raising his hand to point right at Steve’s face.
Mr Stane does not slam the door in Steve’s face, but he does end the conversation a little more abruptly than would usually be considered polite.
“What we do about it,” Sir Anthony echoes. And he looks away. The loss of eye contact feels like a splash of ice water to the face and Steve blinks, realising how dry his eyes are, how the rest of the room had faded into darkness around Sir Anthony’s face. “Yes,” Sir Anthony agrees. He takes a deliberate step back, away from Steve. Steve wants to follow him, but he restrains himself, grabs his hands together behind his back to keep from reaching out. “To act on our desires, that is where the problems start.”
“You think that he is looking for evidence of this conspiracy as well?” Steve asks. As he finishes his question the door opens and Delilah comes in with a fresh pot of tea. Steve thanks her and waits until she is quite gone before turning back to Sam.
“How much?” he says, his mind blank. The number he is quoted has far too many zeroes. The ticking of the grandfather clock counts out the hollow silence as the figure sits in his mind – and then sits on paper before him as well when Mr Murdock pushes a piece of paper over to him.
“Please stay here,” Mr Jarvis says, then begins to step down the staircase towards the strange banging noise that echoes upwards.
As soon as they leave his hand, Steve dives to the side, twisting into a somersault and then a flip, to make himself more difficult to hit, though nothing seems to be aimed at him, so he runs instead, not looking back. No footsteps follow him.
“Captain Rogers,” Sir Anthony says, swinging round, back in motion again, his face broad and smiling, although there is an element of unease there that Steve would prefer to eliminate. “You have been out all morning. And here was I thinking that you kept to your rooms in quiet contemplation, and yet you are gadding about the countryside.”
Steve is not sure when Howard had Stark Manor built. Had Tony grown up there, was this very house where he had spent his childhood years? What must it feel like to walk through your childhood home as a guest to a near stranger, passing through memories only you were aware of.
Iron Man makes a sound of triumph and holds out Steve’s inhaler, which Steve grabs and pulls towards his mouth.
Steve doesn’t look up as Bucky goes through his usual Friday night routine. He doesn’t look up because he wouldn’t usually look up, and he is trying very hard to make it seem like this is any other Friday.
Sam stands back on his heels, crossing his arms over his chest, and looking down at the bag as though it is hexed.
“That hardly narrows it down,” Sam points out. Steve slams his fist down on the table in frustration and it cracks under the force, their tankards and the candlestick all jumping.
“It seems a shame for it to stand silent,” Steve says, sighing. “I have no intentions of marrying in the near future.”
He should give some to Bucky’s family – his mother and the girls – they’d be needing more support without… without Bucky’s pay coming in.
He has been silent for too long. He can tell from the expression on Captain Wilson’s face. Time is problematic now, coming and going without any pretence of regularity. He has lost the thread of it, and lost more than that as well. Steve should say something, but there are no words that come to him, he has nothing to say.
The voice catches Steve unaware and he startles. He opens his mouth to call out when the content of the words and the hushed tone register. He freezes.
It takes Steve a moment to realise what Sam is talking about, then he recalls the rest of the letter. The bequest.
“If you could throw those bags you are carrying to the side of the road, I would be most grateful,” Steve continues. He tries to keep his voice the light-hearted tone that Nomad always adopts, but he knows that some of the vicious glee that he feels thudding through his chest must be showing.
He seems half made of sound himself, and Steve considers that he might have been right when he thought that one of the fair folk had come to bewitch him.
He should have let Bucky actually know. At least then there would be someone looking for him. As it is, he’s not even sure if Bucky’s going to be home tonight. He’ll probably be gone until morning at least. Which means that if he bothers to look at the fridge, rather than just going straight into his hangover ritual of sleeping for eight hours and ordering the greasiest takeout he can find, it’s going to be hours before anyone even realises Steve’s gone.
“Not me, I’m exhausted,” Sam says. “I haven’t danced that much in years.” He looks at Steve curiously. “Are you sure you’re alright? You seemed out of sorts all evening.” Steve shrugs.
“My mother was a wonderful woman,” Tony says, his voice tight, and Sam hurries to change the topic to lighter things.
It is at that moment, as Mr Stane offers him a drink, that Mr Jarvis reappears in the doorway. There is no one accompanying him and Steve doesn’t need to glance at Mr Stane to know there will be triumph in his eyes.
He looks around the room, to the door he came in by and the narrow door on the other side that he knows, from his reading, leads to a passage down to the stables.
This is not a battle. This is not an enemy city they are besieging. Hydra does not lurk behind these walls, just people he has known all his life. People he has failed.
If he takes a certain pleasure in the tightness of Stane’s jaw or his grip on the glass, then he keeps it to himself.
“My pleasure, Captain,” Stane says, returning the nod. “You are, of course, welcome at any time, but it may help to send word ahead next time - to make sure Tony is in a proper state to receive you.”
The pleasant atmosphere continues until they leave, earlier than Steve would like, but he cannot allow his resolve to falter merely because he wants to bask in the baronet’s laughter for another hour or more.
“Thank you for the offer, but no. I feel this is best done in private.” He draws a steadying breath.
He’s got no chance against the Hydra guys with their glowing blue guns, but if he can cut them off from the rest, then there’s a chance that Iron Man can get them out of here. He’s got to take it. But he needs a key.
“Yes,” Steve agrees. “That would be easier.” He draws a deep breath. “I wish to apologise for any offence I may have given you yesterday. I did not intend any-” Sir Anthony holds up a hand to interrupt him. “Please allow me to finish. I have been given to understand that my phrasing may have conveyed unintended meaning when what I wished to say was quite the opposite of what you may have understood.”
After a few seconds of holding still, nothing happens, so he starts to move again, but the feeling still lingers. Someone is watching him. He looks up to the windows of the house, but there is no sign of a face looking back at him. He can’t decide if he’s being foolish, this could just be because it is the baronet’s house he is approaching and this has already gone awry for him once, or whether his instincts are correct.
“The hold up is… a hold up,” the driver replies. He raises his hands slowly, dropping the reins. “Please. Don’t shoot.” His words fall a bit flat, as though he doesn’t really mean them.
The sound of his butler - Steve still cannot get over the fact he has a butler - at the door comes almost as a blessing.
“What sort of things?” he asks. He knows – thinks he knows – that Captain Wilson cannot know who it is he has on board his ship. No one associates Captain Steve Rogers of the 18th Regiment of Foot with The Captain of the Howling Infantry.
“I guess magic loses its appeal when you’ve seen it used for war. I’ve heard what Hydra was doing on the front lines was…” He pauses.
“But how?” Sam asks, looking back up from the crack. “You didn’t overhear what they’re transporting, or how. It could be anything.”
“Why?” Steve asks. “You have no gun, I would have heard it.” He keeps his voice in that Brooklyn drawl.
“Don’t. Get. Arrested,” Bucky commands. Punctuating each word with a jab of his finger. Steve makes the boy scout sign with his hand. Bucky shakes his head. He knows Steve was never a boy scout.
Brooklyn is not as Steve remembers it, and yet it is. Everything is where he left it, from the shoe shine on the corner to the razor he left by his wash basin. Of course, there is a thick layer of dust over it all. He should have thought to put down dust sheets.
“Why do you want to know?” Steve replies, a question with a question. It’s about forty foot to the stable and then another forty to the treeline where Liberty is waiting. He could probably make it, but not without an arrow in him, or two, depending on how fast Barton can shoot. He remembers Bucky’s speed with the rifle, and he thinks that Barton’s probably pretty fast.
“Bad news?” he asks, his eyes flickering over Steve’s face. Steve wonders what he sees there. Does he see the grief that Steve can barely feel, or does he see the strange blankness that seems to be all that Steve can summon up?
“Perhaps, but the chestnut seems more surefooted,” he says and Sir Anthony looks at him in surprise. “I may have been an infantry man, but I have been around enough horses in my life. The bay has the easier temperament, but the chestnut will put in the effort.”
It is not his place to interfere in Tony’s business. Although, as a friend he feels his concern is allowable. But Tony is an intelligent man, clearly gifted with social graces, and he has known Mr Stane for many years, there can be no cause for concern there.
“And damn the consequences,” Sir Anthony says, raising his eyebrows in mild question. The words the Nomad spoke to him. Does he know? Steve cannot tell. His actions indicate one thing, his words another, and Steve cannot decide which to trust.
“I hope that’s true,” she replies, then she takes another step forwards, looking up into his face with eyes that are too like her brother’s. “Don’t be a stranger.”
Steve sits with his back to the wall, unable to get comfortable with himself exposed to the other patrons, but he doesn’t pay much attention to them on the whole, which he comes to regret.
“Certainly,” Steve says, struggling to keep his relief from showing on his face. It's not their fault that they are lavishing their attention where it is not wanted. “My apologies, but I am sure you will find someone else to make up your number.”
Perhaps the answers will be more forthcoming in the morning. Tonight, Steve cannot make heads nor tails of it.
“I wouldn’t want to impose,” Steve says. He doesn’t know what he’s intending to do with himself. He will have to visit the families of his men. The idea turns his stomach stone cold, but staying with any of them – even the Barnes family, who have always welcomed him before – sounds like a torture he could not bear.
“If you keep looking at the baronet like that, the whole village will be talking about it,” Sam says, heading over to the brandy decanter to pour them both a drink. “You’ll have to marry him just to stop the scandals.”
“Well, we’ll need to get a cold compress on-” Sam starts. Steve shakes his head and nods to the bag where it sits, innocent as it may please, on the desk. He hisses again as he stretches out his leg. He must have bruised it more badly than he thought when he fell to the ground.
“Excellent, excellent,” Tony says. He looks down at the picture in his hands. “I should be going. I promised Colonel Rhodes I would show him my new mare.”
The approach with the most cover is round the back of the stables and he knows he is well hidden as he creeps up towards the door. There are no lights on in the house that he can see, although that doesn’t mean everyone is asleep, it makes him feel more at ease. But from the second he starts towards the house, leaving the shadow of the stable, he feels as though someone is watching him. Steve looks over his shoulder, but sees no one there. Just in case, he checks the mask on his face, patting it slightly.
“What’s the hold up, Barton?” A familiar voice calls and just as familiar a head sticks out of the carriage door.
Steve’s not sure he knows how to be anything else anymore, but he nods and bids her farewell before stepping out the door and into the hard daylight on the street.
Steve looks at him, trying to find a catch or some malicious intent behind this, but all he sees in Sir Anthony’s expression is honest concern.
“Perhaps it has been edited in some way,” Sam suggests. “Hydra were quite clever in their cryptography from what I recall.”
Steve hears the music before he even enters the house. The tinkling notes on the air in a haunting melody that makes his heart skip a beat and his breath catch in his throat. It seems to come from the world itself, at first, and in a strange flight of fancy, he wonders if one of the fair folk his mother warned him of has finally come to take him away. There is a strange relief in the idea.
Being a meme has its ups and downs. On the one hand, he can reach more people. His followers had quadrupled. More people are reading the stuff he really cares about. More people are sharing the things he uncovers. More people are donating to the charities he supports.
“No one’s unimportant,” Steve says, his voice tight, his anger controlled. He’s not a kid anymore. He can channel it. He can make it count. “Maybe that’s your problem: you overlook the little guy.”
“Well, then I suppose I must apologise for the comfort of my guest quarters and offer you other accommodation. I believe we have four stalls free in the stables.”
It is neither Sir Anthony, not Mr Jarvis, but Mr Stane instead and Steve has to smother the irritation he feels at the man’s presence.
“Thank you, Mr Jarvis, but my business is quite urgent and it should not take very long. Perhaps you may show me to him?”
It is somewhat of a relief, therefore, to be bound to Stark Manor, where Steve does at least know that his host has no interest in marrying him off, for all Sir Anthony seems amused by the machinations of the rest of the neighbourhood, which is probably why he has invited them all tonight.
Steve draws in a deep breath as she turns around to face him and they bow and curtsey to each other and the steps begin.
“Excuse me, sir. If you wouldn’t mind pulling up for a second,” he drawls, fumbling the first few words and having to repeat them. What if it’s Tony inside? It probably is. What if Tony recognises him? Not that Tony will be paying that much attention, probably.
Steve looks down at the mask in his hands. It is leather, moulded to fit the face, dyed dark blue, with fabric to tie the back.
“Like tell the man - the rich, titled, unmarried man - who obviously has a certain regard for you that his private life doesn’t matter to you.”
“It seems I’ve outstayed my welcome,” Steve says, stepping back. He grabs a small case with a lock on it that seems like it might contain papers - or at least something valuable - and eyes Liberty. Tony’s friends are between him and her, Time for a quick getaway.
knows his name. But not right now. Steve ignores him, struggling around the rubble to push his hand into the man’s pockets. “Are you looting the body? I mean, I get it. If there were any jars around here I’d smash them to see if there was gold as well, but traditionally body looting is frowned upon on our side of the law.
“Then we are friends, Sir Anthony?” Steve holds out his hand and Sir Anthony looks at it for a second before reaching like he’s reaching for a viper that may strike at any moment.
They refuse his money. Bucky had won his own small fortune, it seems, which goes to the family as he had neither wife nor child. The conversation passes in fits and starts, awkward pauses and stuttering words that seem to trip over themselves.
“Don't feel that you must keep me company,” Steve says, giving Sam a tight smile. “I’ll be fine by myself. There are just as many people looking at you.”
Mr Stane has made it clear that - no matter what Sam may think - Steve is not a suitable connection for Sir Anthony. In fact, it seems he takes personal affront at their friendship.
“You are welcome back at any time should you wish to make use of the piano again,” he says, before remembering the fine instrument up at the manor. “Although of course you would prefer to use your own, I am sure. The manor has a fine instrument.”
“So people keep telling me,” Steve says. “My friendship with Sir Anthony is none of your business, but I will inform you that I have no aspirations to romance at the moment.”
Steve shifts uncomfortably in his coat again, flushing a little as he turns to the tailor, who is eying up his body like a cut of meat.
“Stand on my feet. You’re going to need to hold on tight,” Stark tells him. His voice sounds rough and so close it sends a shiver down Steve’s spine.
The man spits at him and looks to the side. Steve doesn’t follow his gaze, doesn’t need to. He can hear the Militia well enough as they charge through the undergrowth. They are not trying to be subtle. It is clear the man will not say anything and Steve has no time to convince him further. It is possible he holds the proof of his own good intentions in his hands. It is also possible that he holds nothing more than some man’s worldly goods. Either way, he is not willing to discover which at the end of a militia rifle. He may have Sir Anthony’s ring burning a hole in his pocket, but that does not mean he wishes to use it. Nor that he would necessarily have the chance. In Steve’s experience, the militia tend to shoot first and ask questions later.
Steve reads the first line and blinks in surprise. This is not a notebook of Howard’s, forgotten when he moved. This chest has been unopened for longer than that. The date at the top of the page is over a hundred years ago.
Perhaps it was Sir Anthony’s ancestor who had sat here, making a decision that she knew could destroy her, but making it anyway, again and again, because she knew that she couldn’t live with herself if she didn’t make it.
“I’m sure society does not care a whit that I am gone at all,” Tony says. “In my experience, society only cares for what is right in front of it and it has a very poor memory indeed for those it has not seen recently, excepting there being some sort of scandal.”
It’s a depressing thought. That all they had lost had only been for a temporary ceasefire. Steve might wake up tomorrow and find himself called up once more to fight the same enemy.
He should tell Sir Anthony and show him the room. Steve thinks that Sir Anthony would be interested, especially if it was a member of his family who wrote this diary, who saved those people.
Another flash of blue pulses from the gun of one of the Hydra guards. Steve can’t see the other one. Iron Man swings out of the way of it easily and Steve follows the energy blast with his eyes to a crackling crater in the wall. He makes a note to avoid getting shot.
“Yes,” Captain Wilson agrees. “They’re going to fully outfit her as well.” He pats the wood affectionately and rubs his fingers along it, like the ship is a favourite pet. “Apparently some genius has come up with new armour and there are rumours of new weaponry and even a new propulsion system. Don’t know if I’ll recognise her the next time I see her.” He smiles across at Steve. “But with the war over, I’ve got time to spend with my family, and with the prize money I’ve won, I’ve got some money to spend as well.” He pauses and assesses Steve thoughtfully. “You’re welcome to stay with us, if you want. Usually my first mate, Riley comes with me.” Captain Wilson nods over his shoulder to the man standing at the helm with 1st Lieutenant’s bars on his epaulets. “But he’s been promoted to Captain. He’s getting a ship of his own, and being sent to the other side of the world to hunt pirates for his troubles. So I find myself without company while he gets all the adventure.”
“Captain Rogers,” Sir Anthony greets him with a firm handshake. “My thanks for coming this evening. I know these sorts of occasions are not your idea of a good time.”
“You’re a guest, and more than that, she likes you,” Sam tells him. “You’ll be fine. I, on the other hand…” he waits and gives Steve an assessing look. “You’re going to own the place, don’t you think you should at least take a look?”
“I am not sure this conversation is appropriate,” Steve says, arching an eyebrow at her. She mirrors the expression.
Tony’s finger hangs in the air alongside the words, hoving for a moment, like he’s about to take Steve up on his offer.
It might be Steve’s imagination, as he finds himself disliking the man so much - though Mr Stane has done nothing to merit such distaste - but he fancies that the smile on Mr Stane’s face is concealing just the slightest hint of anger. A better man would not have felt pleased at such an expression, but Steve acknowledges the fact.
“Honestly, Tony. What’s the problem?” A woman’s voice asks, followed by a rumble of another man. Then there are three heads sticking out of the carriage. A red-headed woman, Tony, and another sturdy looking face of a man.
“I doubt you have ever been in need of anyone’s approval in your life,” he says. “But I also doubt there is anyone in the county who would dare disapprove of you.”
“I should not pay attention to idle gossip,” Steve says. There is a tone of self-deprecation in Sir Anthony’s voice that he does not like and he wishes to banish it as soon as may be possible. “You are a good man and I am proud to count you among my friends.”
“I’ve always thought that Tony inherited his amiable nature from his mother,” Colonel Rhodes says. “The Lady Maria was a most gracious woman. Always a delight to talk to.”
“And what was a humble soldier doing with all these wealthy men?” Sir Anthony asks, his eyebrows rising in amusement.
“Sir Anthony, Baronet Stark, to see you, sir,” the butler says and, almost before the words are out of his mouth, Tony is stepping into the room. With a bang, Steve stands, slamming a book shut over the notes he’d been writing, his knee hitting the table leg.
He sidesteps as Tony’s friend comes at him, reaching out and grasping the pistol to push the barrel away from him, into the woods, before disarming Tony entirely and emptying the pistol of shot and powder before tossing it to the ground.
“Though I do not doubt your ability to deal with one were they to appear, I believe you may be disappointed by the reality of the event. I fear that highwaymen aren't so romantic as you believe.”
As he unfolds it, Steve’s heart is in his throat, because he recognises that handwriting, and those designs.
Sam looks at him curiously, but doesn’t say anything and Steve wonders what it is he sees in Steve’s face when he looks. It cannot be anything good.
s captain says to him. Steve had not registered the footsteps coming up. He turns to give Captain Wilson a tight smile. The man is good-natured and has been very welcoming, although he has no idea who Steve really is. It’s better that way. Steve has no desire to hear himself congratulated or praised. Not today, not ever. He has already overheard enough from the airmen without announcing his identity to them. They do not need to know that the army captain they are returning to home shores is the same one that they salute with their rum rations in the evenings.
The armour is hard and unyielding as Stark wraps an arm around his back to pin them together, and it’s so much bigger than Steve. It’s not as uncomfortable as he had thought, though. He’s always admired the armour from a distance - a miracle of technology and form, far more beautiful than the giant tower Stark had built in the middle of New York, but he appreciates the smooth lines of it more now that he’s surrounded by them. There are no sharp edges digging in.
He hears the rattle of a carriage coming towards him, and it is like everything closes in at once. He misses the weight of his shield and his costume seems too vulnerable.
It is the diary of the highwayman that Ms Van Dyne spoke of. A description of a dark time in the history of the country. The Magic Purges seem long ago now, but in the pages of the diary, they are fresh and real. Steve can feel the desperation in every line of it.
