Sherlock squeezed his hand into a fist several times to pump up his vein. They'd done this so often that it almost felt like a choreographed dance routine. He watched Wiggins palpate the area for a vein with his first two fingers before disinfecting the site and inserting the needle. He pushed down the plunger, leaning forward at the same time to give Sherlock a kiss. But Sherlock pushed his face away with his palm.
In the initial stages of his detox, they'd had him on substitution therapy with another drug, which they had weaned him off of over the course of several weeks to prevent his body going into shock. The cramps and hallucinations were actually much weaker and easier to treat than if he'd gone cold turkey – or so he was told. It was still no walk in the park.
Sherlock's entire body was trembling. All the information, all the suffering and injustice was simply too much for him. A sense of helplessness overwhelmed every cell in his body, twisting his guts into knots. He felt certain that his legs would no longer support him if he took so much as one more step.
"Yeah, the title's total faff but we've already done one of the exercises, and... I don't know, I felt like we've been more... understanding toward each other since then."
The metallic tang of blood from their split lips faded after a while. John's head was swimming in a sea of mixed-up emotions that he couldn't name. He shoved them firmly aside and tried to ignore all of the doubts, to focus on the here and now. One hand worked its way underneath Victor's black shirt, stroking warm skin and grabbing hold as if to make sure that the other body was real. John ran his hand over Victor's tousled hair, which felt much softer than he'd expected, and inhaled the other man's heady scent.
Six days. Six days and no response. Fishing his phone out of his pocket, John went over to the couch and sat down. Against his better judgment, he opened the messaging app, then his email inbox. Several people had tried to contact him recently. People who had read the horrible article in the newspaper and wanted to get his side of the story. John deleted all of those messages unread.
John sighed heavily. "I always thought so too. Ever since my first inkling, I've kept sweeping the possibility under the rug. I just couldn't believe it. But after what you said yesterday… Cilia was the first one who told me about soul bonds. But even those two, despite being so close, the perfect couple… Even them…"
Mrs Hudson closed the short distance between them and placed one hand affectionately on John's cheek, the other on his upper arm. "I'm glad you're doing better, John."
John ate a meagre dinner alone, then flicked disinterestedly through the TV channels until he grew tired. He completed his evening ablutions lost in his own thoughts. But before he got as far as wondering whether to go directly to bed or try to speak with Sherlock again, there was a tentative knock on the connecting door.
?!" John shook his head and stepped forward, grabbed roughly hold of the curls at Sherlock's nape, and pulled him close. He pressed his nose into the soft skin of Sherlock's neck and took a deep breath. Before Sherlock could so much as react to John's move, he let go and stepped back again. "I want you! I've wanted you the whole time, you bloody idiot. I'm just so incredibly angry. At you, at myself. At us."
Lestrade snapped his mouth shut with an audible click of his teeth. Maybe it wasn't neglect after all. Could it just be the pain of separation? A doctor and soldier wouldn't let his omega deteriorate to that condition, would he?
"No? I'm going to need to have a closer look," John said, his voice low and gravelly, and angled Sherlock's legs so his knees were pointing up.
Victor cleared his throat and swallowed hard. "How was it for you?" he asked in lieu of a reply, taking his hands away and letting them rest uselessly on the carpet beside him. They wouldn't stop tingling.
The alpha woman dropped John's bag onto an upholstered bench at the foot of the bed before responding.
As soon as the words were spoken, Mrs Holmes' expression changed and became soft and friendly like before. "Of course, Dr Watson, just a moment. And if Dad starts humming, just give him a nudge, that should work." To Mr Holmes, she said: "The albums are up in the office, aren't they? And don't you hum..."
John tried to sit up and steady himself on the heels of his palms without interfering with the tubes and wires connected to him all over. He couldn't manage it. His arms immediately began to quiver, and he gave up the superhuman effort and sank back against his pillows with a pained sigh.
John had no intention of going into detail and saying how far he would have gone if it hadn't been for... for...
"Yes," Sherlock agreed, "but he's only here for my protection. I also needed to go to the Yard today, and I didn't feel safe there. You can trust us."
If those drugs came from McAllister, there might have been a connection between Moran and Victor that he hadn't been aware of. Had John realised what that connection was, or had his relationship to Victor assumed a very different character in the wake of Sherlock's death?
John shook his head and moaned in agony when the pain suddenly pounded even harder against his temples. He concentrated as hard as he could to fix his gaze anxiously on the door. As if he'd heard him, Victor emerged.
Disgruntled, Sherlock pushed down on the mattress as he prepared to stand up. But before he could rise all the way to his feet, a hand groped for his wrist.
Anyone could have predicted what happened next. When he awoke, Sherlock was tangled up with John, his face buried in the crook of John's neck and one arm and one leg draped possessively across his body. Still half-asleep, he cuddled up closer to the warm body beside him and slid his right hand up underneath John's t-shirt as if it belonged there, in order to take advantage of as much skin-on-skin contact as possible. It wasn't until a few seconds later that his drowsy brain registered John's erection pushing into his thigh, stiff and unyielding.
"That's true. I didn't want to have anything to do with alphas at all... and yet you made an impression on me that wasn't all bad. It was... singular. And I'm quite happy that everything turned out all right." Sherlock grasped John's hand and wove their fingers together.
Not that he would have had the chance to tell anyone about the mission; Mycroft had not only confiscated John's mobile phone, he'd also made sure Mary kept a constant eye on him since they'd left the office building in London.
"I was just about to say the same to you," John replied, allowing Mrs Hudson to pull him into a surprisingly strong embrace. He glanced over her narrow shoulder and saw that Sherlock was watching them from where he sat at the kitchen table, trying to get his trembling fingers under control. Mrs Hudson had already assured him that he'd done everything right given the circumstances. But it was clear just from looking at him that those feelings of guilt were still gnawing at his conscience.
The two omegas exchanged a look, as if they were communicating without words. They appeared to be considering how much they could reveal without getting in trouble. In the end, Amalia was the one who spoke.
John caressed every inch of skin that he could reach; cheekbones, tousled hair, shoulders, arms. He touched the scars over Sherlock's veins with his thumb. A swell of undefinable emotion ran through him as he held even tighter to his omega.
"You're helping," he said, pushing John back in the seat so they could look each other in the eye. "You're helping so much to correct the way I see the world, to show me that things can be different. You're so important… and I love you. We belong together, you and I; not because we're bonded…" Sherlock scrabbled at the collar of his shirt until the top two buttons popped open and he was able to move the fabric aside and expose his bite mark. "Not because of this." With his other hand, he tapped his breastbone directly over his heart. "But because of this."
John held Sherlock's arm with one hand and his thigh with the other, pulling him further down into his lap with no chance of escape. His breaths flew out of his mouth in short bursts and his gaze pierced Sherlock's from pitch black pupils surrounded by dark blue water.
Halfway down the stairs, he stopped and looked back up. His fingers drummed nervously on the railing, his thoughts racing. Finally, he came to a decision and lunged back up to open the door to the kitchen.
There were also certainly some wounds that would never heal completely. But that was life, and it was good the way things were. It reminded them both to handle each other with care and not always put themselves first. They had grown together into a functioning unit, no longer adversaries, although there was still friction enough between them. But that was also all well and good. Because both of them knew that even if the doors rattled in their hinges in 221B when they rowed – even if John sometimes stormed out of the flat in a fit of pique, or Sherlock curled up into a seething ball on the couch – there would always be a tomorrow for them, a new heat, a new adventure.
Sherlock looked up and tried to catch the alpha's eye. "What? Considering the fact that we can't find any better solution for our
Anthea took it, but the corners of her mouth remained downturned. She gazed down at her infant, but Sherlock couldn't make out any perceptible emotion on her face.
Sherlock tried to sit up, but John pushed him back down onto his chest. "Stay here for a little bit longer, all right? Just to be safe."
"No," John said. "Just... leave me be." He stood up heavily and turned to go into the kitchen. But Greg reached instinctively for his wrist, pulled him back, and put his arms around him. John let it happen as if in a daze. The other man's familiar smell and body heat surrounded him, but were only able to scratch at the surface of his consciousness. He hung lifelessly in the embrace, barely able to keep himself on his feet.
He frantically forced two fingers inside, then three, and finally four. The angle was horrible, not allowing him to get in far enough to massage his prostate and provide him even a modicum of relief. But at least his hand was wide enough to trick his brain into thinking he'd finally been taken and filled, if only for a few precious seconds.
John tossed and turned. He couldn't sleep. It was almost three a.m., but all of the information he'd gathered over the past couple of days was still buzzing and whirring in his head.
John angrily kicked one of the kitchen chairs, then drew his legs in and hid his head between his knees. He heard Sherlock shuffling back and forth restlessly before he crouched down beside him. Cool fingers cautiously brushed the back of his hand, then tugged at his arm until John lifted his head.
John laughed mirthlessly. "It's almost as if you've never worked with Sherlock before... You know he always gets himself into hot water. But I can assure you that I'll do everything in my power to make sure nothing happens to him!"
Even in the darkened bedroom, John could tell that Sherlock's cheeks had turned fiery red. It was clear how difficult such an admission was for him, and how uncomfortable it made him.
John couldn't say why, but his restless thoughts kept returning to Sherlock while his unsettled core yearned to be close to him. What in the world was wrong with him?
While Victor took his trousers all the way off and went over to the bed, Ryan stood up and loosened his tie, unbuttoned his shirt, and slipped out of his own trousers. He went over to the couch, nude, laid his clothes across it, and took something out of his blazer.
"Yeah, not her. Maybe he meant Anastasia, now that she's… I don't know… less attractive to Moran." John kicked a pebble that lay on the path. The small stone clacked on the pavement a couple of times, bounced off a branch, and landed in the water with a
"Damn it, you see but you don't observe! Harry has huge debts, and your parents aren't free and clear either. Your mother's a housewife with no income. Your father's been unfit for work for months due to his back. They inherited the house from your grandfather, but the cost of upkeep is eating them out of house and home. They've sold or hocked more than a few things to make ends meet – especially now that they have a third mouth to feed. But it's not even close to being enough."
The man had black hair hanging greasily across his forehead, along with a black beard. He was wearing jeans and a green button-down shirt. With one hand, he was holding the straps of the blue sports bag he had slung over his shoulder. He raised his other hand in a friendly greeting.
The fact that Sherlock merely curled his lip but didn't protest out loud, was additional confirmation of Mycroft's assessment. "I'll run everything through my head one more time. Maybe I'll see something we haven't thought of yet," Sherlock murmured as he stood up.
"No, Sherlock didn't say anything about them, and quite obviously they weren't sent via the usual postal channels. Not that I was watching all of his correspondence, but I wouldn't have missed such an unusual envelope."
"I need a shower. And I really don't like it when we're in different rooms," John said with a shrug, picked up his shower gel and started to soap up. "We should put something over the mattress, it's going to get completely soaked otherwise."
Sherlock blinked a couple times. He swallowed audibly. “Where do you want to change the wrapping?” he asked.
John felt like he would have to help Sherlock a bit in this conversation. This wasn’t easy for either of them, and he wanted to get to the bottom of this. “Why did you never want any of it? How’d you put it, ‘romantic entanglement’? But, you said you’d want someone, just not someone like you. So, why did you never want to find the type of person you’d want?”
The image of Mary’s soulless eyes and gun made him screw his eyes shut, and he hated himself for fearing that damned woman. His right hand was bunched around the quilt, knuckles white, and he was trembling.
John smirked a little at that, even though he normally detested how well Mycroft could read him--both of them, really.
Sherlock sniffed, looking down at his feet. “Besides, she may be a liar, but look at me,” he smiled ruefully. “I lied to you for two years, didn’t I?”
John grimaced. But, this...this news didn’t put him at ease, for some reason. “So, she’s locked up?” John asked. “No way of getting out?”
he thought. He pictured Sherlock young and friendless--well, all he really had to picture the day they met, didn’t he?
“Actually, I should get going,” Lestrade said. He looked at Sherlock with a sigh. “Well, now that you’re back, I assume you’ll be helping out at the Yard again?”
Sherlock’s face was relaxed and open, his cheeks flushed pink, but there were still dark circles under his eyes. His unwashed fringe was falling into his eyes. John brushed it out of his face gently. Even though he wasn’t one to lounge in bed, he would stay here and let Sherlock sleep. His presence in his bed was a new but comforting one. He remembered how Sherlock liked to sleep in when he didn’t have a case. He didn’t know why, but he thought it was an endearing quality. It was one of the first real human qualities of Sherlock he saw, just enjoying dozing in bed into the late hours of the morning. He was completely at ease now, and it warmed John’s heart to see him without a shred of worry. He hadn’t seen Sherlock so tranquil in a long time, if ever. He wanted to stroke a finger over his flushed cheek, but didn’t want to disturb him.
Sherlock touched his smooth cheek. “Yes. I don’t like stubble.” And he was actually sober long enough to remember personal hygiene...
John blinked. “I think," he said slowly, "I think I want to know more about him. Even if he's a weirdo. I'm curious."
Deleted entries. “Rosie took up a lot of our time in the beginning, and we went on fewer cases. Does anything on your blog jog your memory?”
John chuckled, pressing a brief kiss to his lips. “I prefer ‘gorgeous’, but I guess ‘aesthetically pleasing’ gets the point across all the same.”
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered back, and without his brain's permission, he leaned forward and placed his lips on John's again.
When John was alone in the flat, he mused to himself that he never thought his first mini fight with Sherlock as a couple would be over something like this.
“So, you still talk to her, then?” He knew the answer to that, of course. Sherlock was still getting texts from her over two years after this point in the other world.
“You carried those with you?” Sherlock asked in amusement, eyes scanning the home, and he had a feeling he knew the answer to the case already.
The dreams were still all of Sherlock, a shattered expression on his face, alone in the flat, in silence. John wished something would at least change in the dreams, for some variety.
John wrapped his strong arms around Sherlock’s waist and slowly stood up, bringing Sherlock with him. Sherlock’s legs wobbled and he clutched the front of John’s jacket for support.
“Well, that’s it,” John smiled at him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist. “I’m not attached to Mary Morstan in any way, and I can be completely yours. Well, I was already, but you know what I mean.”
his mind screamed. If he hugged back, then that would be a sign of him being able to feel things. This could help him in the future. He needed to get over himself and reciprocate. He forced his arms to moved and he hugged John around the middle, and could have (but didn’t, thankfully) whimper at the foreign feeling of having his only love, solid and real, in his arms. He wanted to hold him closer, bring him to his chest and never let go. His heart thumped heavily, and he thought he could feel himself shaking more, but it wasn’t from his dream this time.
John put his hand over Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock looked at him with puzzled, glossy eyes. John sighed heavily, dropping his head. Was this level of self-loathing a regular occurrence when Sherlock was high? Considering that Sherlock allowed himself to be nearly murdered by Culverton, John would say yes. John lifted his head. “None of those things are true,” he told him gently. He took his hand off Sherlock’s mouth. “Your mind is in overdrive right now, and you’re talking nonsense.”
Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck with a lopsided grin, the one that always tugged at John’s heartstrings. “Go get her, John.”
John got up from his chair, stretching his aching back. How fucking long was he sitting there? He walked to the loo and knocked lightly on the door. “Sherlock, when you’re done, I’ve got to put fresh gauze on you.”
“Shut up,” he hissed at his mind. He closed his eyes. He needed sleep before he drove himself crazy.
“You…” Sherlock took another step forward, his eyes wide like a frightened child’s. His face was blotchy and red. He sucked in a sharp breath, his eyebrows furrowing harshly, a deep frown sprawled across his mouth.  “Why do you
John thought. He rubbed his eyes. He wanted to tell Sherlock that he wanted to spend more time with him, too. But they didn’t do that--the whole talking bit. Wasn’t that their main problem? Shouldn’t he have been trying to fix that? He was supposed to actively work to make things better, but he was failing.
John rolled his eyes. “Fine. There should be an unused toothbrush in the medicine cabinet in the loo.”
Sherlock didn’t enjoy seeing John like this, but he had a feeling that John needed to talk about all of this. This conversation had to continue. Fighting past his anxious nausea, Sherlock said, “But I get it now, John. You were, or are, upset about being unfaithful to Mary and not being able to tell her before the aquarium. A lot happened in a short amount of time, and you had difficulty handling it.”
“I have superb hair care routines,” Sherlock said from under the towel. “Although, there are no dead ends right now, which isn’t always the case. I got a haircut recently.”
After they crossed that final, physical barrier yesterday, there was not much to do in the flat other than touch each other. They were standing in front of the fireplace, Sherlock’s arms around his back, and John’s were wrapped around his neck. Sherlock was experimenting with putting his tongue in John’s mouth, and well, sometimes it was a little too much, a little too wet and slimy, but John let him do his thing, not exactly disliking it, and correctly predicting that he would adjust in time. He felt pretty pleased that Sherlock was learning the ins and outs of kissing on him, and not some random man from his troubled past.
“Yes, yes, I know, I already sent a write up of my findings to your email. Do keep up.” He pushed his hair back from his forehead. “Will that be all? All right, goodbye.” He hung up, putting his phone down on the bed. He smiled. “That was nice,” he clapped his hands together. “Unfortunately, it only took us an afternoon, but we’ve had far more tedious endeavors.”
Sherlock stiffened immediately, turning pale. He was in the same outfit from earlier, pajama pants and a dressing gown, but the gown was open, revealing the gauze on his chest.
He shifted his feet uncomfortably. “John, if you and Mary have been fighting, why were you two, you know,” he coughed delicately.
“Pain,” Sherlock nodded. He turned his head to face John again, eyes clenched shut. “It really hurts.”
John’s palms were sweating. The thought of taking off Sherlock’s clothes--it felt like unwrapping a present he wasn’t allowed to open. But they needed to get past this. “We could--I dunno--turn around and undress, so it’s less awkward.” Undressing in front of another man for the first time wouldn’t exactly be helped by being under the scrutinizing gaze of Sherlock Holmes, John thought.
Mary snickered. “Look at you! You’re pathetic.” She grabbed the chain linking the handcuffs binding his wrists and pulled him backwards. Sherlock struggled to break free from her hold, but she threw him on the ground on his front and started kicked his side repeatedly. Each sharp jab made Sherlock grunt in pain. He felt weak and helpless on the floor. He tried getting to his knees so he could stand, but Mary grabbed his hair and smashed his forehead against the wooden floor.
Fuck. “I’m--not mad at you,” he lied. He was mad, but not at this Sherlock. Why did the other one lie to him? Why did he want John to believe Mary was anything but a killer? Why did Sherlock allow him to go back to her? Why did he encourage it by bringing them to his parents’ house? Why?!
John smirked and put the phone on the bedside table. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back. “You awake?”
John kissed him softly, wanting to soothe the tears away. He pressed an open-mouthed kiss to his lips, and moved their lips together in a slow, soft glide. His toes curled when the sounds of their kiss filled his ears. This felt right, more than his other first kiss with Sherlock. This was where he belonged. John coaxed Sherlock’s mouth open, shivering when he felt hot breath in his own mouth. Sherlock’s lips were insistent against his, albeit uncoordinated. His warm hand cupped John’s cheek, and his fingers tightened in his short hair. He broke the kiss, let out a harsh breath, and kissed John hard.
Sherlock bowed his head, hiding his flushed face. He found his voice after a couple more hard swallows. “When did you start feeling that?”
“I suppose you should,” Sherlock conceded, although it was clear most of his pout was just for show. Sherlock’s fake pout turned into a suppressed smirk. “Mycroft?”
“That is none of your business,” he said, trying not to raise his voice. He didn’t want Mary to know that she was getting to him. Since the plane turned around, he actually hadn’t been very busy.
His pink lips parted, and he took a deep breath, hand twitching in John’s. His face was red down to his neck. “I have always considered you my better half, John,” he confessed.
“As soon as you’re done talking out of your head, you’re causing trouble,” John pinched the bridge of his nose. “You need to recover, Sherlock.”
Sherlock was trembling lightly and had John in a death grip, trying to hold back his low moans and grunts. He was so fucking
John turned around, too. He took off his jumper and vest, feeling the tips of his ears begin to burn, and swallowed thickly when he took off his jeans and pants. He was a little hard, and the knowledge that Sherlock was right behind him, getting naked, made a fresh wave of arousal flood south. “Can I turn around?” John asked.
He was an absolute moron. How could he have thought John might leave Mary now? Clearly they were still oh-so fucking happy. He bit his lip hard, jaw trembling, throat tightening. He never wanted to see that. He was always grateful John did...
Btw, I asked you in the (now-deleted) portion of the end notes for the last chapter if you wanted a story where Culverton Smith forces Sherlock to repeatedly confess that he loves John instead of saying he doesn't want to die before Culverton tries to kill him, and you seemed interested, so I posted it! It's called
Sherlock’s breath quivered as he inhaled through his mouth and his eyes squeezed shut. His mind put together a coherent thought. “You broke your vow to John,” he said weakly. “So I broke mine”
ignored it. At the hospital, he had let Sherlock shoot up in the restroom. He let Sherlock saunter around in public completely off his tits, health in serious danger. Why did Sherlock act like nothing was wrong then? Did he want to prove Culverton guilty that badly?
Confirmation that Baker Street was his true home was something John wanted to hear for years. He cleared his throat. “Yeah,” he said thickly, “you’re right.”
“Yeah. It’s not going to hurt my feelings. Look,” he held up his left hand. “I haven’t got a ring on.”
And Sherlock believed that he did know. He took deep, steadying breaths, focusing on John’s strong arms around him and the sensation of their heartbeats hammering in sync, and the gradual slowing down of their pulses. His thoughts started to come back to him, and he felt a pang of regret. When he allowed himself to imagine having sex with John, he didn’t think he would get so overwhelmed, and he thought he would have been a more attentive lover. He wanted to touch John until he drove him crazy, worshipping his body and making him feel loved. He failed on that part.
Sure enough, he had boxes in his arms. John was more out of it than he thought. He didn’t exactly sleep well last night, and he wasn’t really sure what to say to Sherlock right now. “Thanks,” he nodded. “Come in.” He wasn’t up for a visit right now, but he couldn’t just turn him away, with Rosie’s presents in her arms and all.
felt that way. Just last night! I told you to go with the bloody Woman, and you didn’t say a thing!”
“This is what I’m talking about,” she said accusingly. “No matter what with us, it was always about Sherlock in the end.”
“Right,” she nodded in understanding. “It’s quite a shock for me, too! But if you’re here, then you must have spent the night? I didn’t hear you come in this morning.”
John’s hand paused. “That really upset you, didn’t it? I saw the look on your face...I was so shocked, I couldn’t even process it until later.”
John stood up straight, Sherlock’s hands falling back to his sides, and stared at him with dark, piercing eyes. He licked his lips, hair sticking up. “God, I didn’t even do much, but look at you.”
“Lost my appetite,” John barked over his shoulder, louder and harsher than necessary, but he felt like a wounded animal that needed to lick its wounds. He closed his bedroom door and leaned against it, the hard wood against his back, sliding down to the floor, knees drawing up to his chest. He put his face in his hands. Jesus Christ. Why was is that he was only awake for fifteen minutes, and he felt like utter shit already? How did his conversations with Sherlock have the spectacular ability to go horrendously wrong within seconds?
John had grown accustomed to touching him. This Sherlock had not had the opportunity. This Sherlock spent much longer being untouched, and had convinced himself he had no chance with John. He may have been reacting more positively this time, but it was still a giant emotional step for him.
John swallowed, chest feeling warm and tight. If Sherlock had said that same sentence to him a few weeks ago, John would have disagreed completely, saying everything always went wrong for him. But now? Now, he was in bed with the love of his life, with his baby daughter playing with his landlady--no--friend, downstairs. It
Hiiiiiii thanks for getting this to 700 kudos!! <333 And sorry for taking a little long to update, but the semester has been intense.
John and Rosie didn’t have a lot of possessions, so by the end of the next day, they were moved into Baker Street with Rosie’s crib in John’s room. He knew it would be bad for her, because she needed to learn to sleep on her own, but this was the only viable option. He thought the problem could have been avoided if he shared a room with Sherlock, and kicked himself. That would never happen. Sherlock didn’t want him that way, and John absolutely could not blame him.
Yoooooo thank you for all of the kudos! I meant to thank you for getting this past 200, but now the story nears 300! That's awesome. Thank you so much.
Sherlock awoke to the sound of water running from the bathroom sink. He opened his eyes, momentarily confused, until he remembered John. Sherlock sat up in his bed, his mind fuzzy and eyes hurting from a night of poor sleep. He hadn’t meant to sleep at all, but it was hard to stay awake when he was just lying in bed with nothing to do. At least he didn’t dream of her again. He sat on the edge of the bed, swinging his legs off the side and bringing his bare feet to the floor. After their hug and somewhat embarrassing conversation (embarrassing for him, at least), he wasn’t sure what to say to John, and thought about staying in his room until John left. He shook his head. No, he should go say goodbye to John. It was the polite thing to do. He stood up and walked towards the bathroom. He could see John’s silhouette standing by the sink through the opaque glass door, and he knocked lightly on it.
Rosie whined, most likely upset that she couldn’t pull on the thick curls in front of her, and Sherlock made a soft shushing sound. He began to bounce her a bit, and John’s lip trembled. The image in front of him pleased him more than any time he had looked at Mary holding Rosie. That wasn’t right. Mary was her mother. He should have loved the mother of his child.
John giggled, and tried to stop himself. “I’m sorry, I really shouldn’t be laughing. I just feel free now.”
John’s face heated and he felt shame. He had never really talked about this to anyone. He hadn’t even talked about it in his letter. “Yeah,” he said woodenly. “I never--I was,” he cleared his throat, “attracted to men before you, but I never acted on it.” He hated this. “Even with my sister, dunno, it’s been hard to admit to myself.”
But, things actually made a bit of sense. Some people didn’t actually like being around someone who was exactly like they were. Hold on. Sherlock obviously thought this through. “So you do want to be romantically involved with someone, just not someone exactly like you.”
made Sherlock feel like he did something wrong, and now he made his daughter cry in fear. Fear of him. John didn’t know what to do. He wanted to shout and scream and cry and hold Rosie and apologize to Sherlock all at once, and he was frozen in place.
“Indeed” He really had to stop talking about this. Feeling a shred of sexual arousal while Rosie was on his lap was every kind of wrong.
John couldn’t stand how much he loved him, but he noticed how heavy Sherlock’s body felt against his, and remembered that he hadn’t slept.
John laughed. “I see.” He was incredibly grateful for the case, because Sherlock was smiling again, and nothing put a halt to any conversation about emotions like the Work. It was both a blessing and a curse. They were high off adrenaline, the atmosphere light and bubbly.
“Hey,” John whispered, truly sounding concerned, “it’s okay, Sherlock. What the hell scared you so much?”
As much as John wanted to crawl straight into bed and never come out, a nagging voice in his head told him to take a peek into Sherlock’s room just to make sure he was okay. He had no idea if Sherlock were asleep--until he heard heavy, uncoordinated footsteps.
John stared at him. Slowly, his breathing grew heavier, his chest started heaving, and the beeps on the heart monitor got faster. He looked like he was going to pass out again.
Sherlock tied the belt around himself, closing the dressing gown and concealing his chest. “I know it’s foolish to ask if you’re okay, but are you okay?”
Well. He wasn’t exactly wrong, but John would have never brought it up. Besides, he thought less stress on Sherlock’s wound was more important. John let go out Sherlock and reached into his jeans pocket for the key to the flat. “You know I’m just looking out for you.”
“I told her the game was over yesterday. I texted her. Then I became preoccupied and forgot about her.”
Sherlock set the book down, receiving no protestations from Rosie, who was yawning. Chemistry textbooks bored babies to sleep. Got it. Mummy used to read mathematics books to him when he was a child, and Mycroft thought he was stupid for falling asleep to it. “Did you read all the entries?”
Sherlock was eating a muffin because he was certain that if he didn’t put something solid into his stomach, he would vomit. Emotions were running wild throughout his entire body.
The strangest thing happened. John wasn’t shocked. He wasn’t enraged. He just...he knew. Now that Irene said it, everything fell into place. It was like he just received the puzzle piece he hadn’t known he was missing. Once it was said, it was clear that in the deepest recesses of his mind, he knew. The anxiety in his gut turned into ice, and another unsettling chill slithered down his spine. He swore he felt his skin break out into gooseflesh under his shirt.
John opened the door, and found Sherlock standing by the window across the room in his red dressing gown. He looked at John in surprise. He was thinner than the other Sherlock, still recovering from the throes of addiction just a handful of weeks ago. His shoulders were hunched more, weighed down by an unseen pressure, and there were lines around his eyes that weren’t there three years ago.
Her painted lips were parted in shock. “But, I thought we were just fine. John, if there’s a problem, we can work through it.”
Sherlock placed his hand on John’s chest, over his heart, feeling a strange need to feel it beat. “I know. But, I think I would have been terrible to you back then.”
Yeah I thought they were going to have sex in this chapter, but before I knew it, this chapter was mainly conversation. Oh well. They needed to talk. They'll still talk afterwards. Anyway, much kissing next chapter
“It was Mary,” he whispered, knuckles bright white from clenching the sheets. “I couldn’t see her well, but I recognized her voice.”
But it was just Sherlock, lower lip trembling in his sleep, features scrunched up in distress. His chest heaved with a sharp contraction, his breathing turning into shallow gasps.
John half-heartedly shrugged. “I don’t know. I don’t think I could even stop them--him--if I wanted to. I don’t know who he is.” He seemed to have trouble getting his mouth to pronounce the masculine pronouns. At this point, Sherlock was beginning to believe that it really was because John had a hard time wrapping his head around a man having feelings for him, and not any sort of homophobic repulsion. John would have said something to assert his (supposed) heterosexuality by now.
Irene’s startled eyes turned into lasers again. “Working for him didn’t turn out well for me in the end, you know--”
“Lift up so we can get these off all the way,” John whispered in his ear, “and I’ll make you feel so good.”
Mary came over to him with a plastic bag in her hand. “I have a pair of jeans and a jumper for you,” she said. “I guess I should have thought to bring you a separate pair of shoes, too, huh?”
Fair question. “Mycroft and his ilk doctored security to footage to make it appear that I didn’t do it.”
John’s thumb swiped over his nipple, rolling the hard bud, and shifting so he could place his mouth on it. Sherlock’s mouth dropped open with a moan and he could only watch, the sudden pleasure jolting through his body rendering him immobile. John lapped at his nipple, nibbling it lightly as his hand trailed down Sherlock’s abdomen to cup his erection.
“John,” Sherlock swatted his arm, feeling really embarrassed now, but in the best way possible. He grabbed John by the forearms and pulled him back down into a hug, feeling overwhelmed.
“No,” John winced, not wanting to think of the Culverton period in their lives. “I got married to Mary.”
The mood wasn’t nearly as sexy as it was thirty seconds ago, so he decided to kiss Sherlock’s lips instead of his neck, thinking that maybe he (maybe
Rosie was cranky this morning, fussing and swatting his hand away when the spoonful of food approached her face.
“John,” concern rose in Sherlock’s voice, “I know that, and I’ll always love you. You’re worrying me.”
John ate another mouthful of toast. A whole year. How much had happened in one fucking year? He nearly cheated on his wife, then she fled the country, got shot to save the man she tried to kill in the first place, he shut himself down for weeks, and he didn’t need to think about the whole Culverton ordeal again. All in a fucking year. John rubbed his eyes. Upon reflection, he wasn’t really sure if his life was better or worse a year ago. Mary was with him a year ago, but his relationship with Sherlock had been better.
Sherlock took a very long, cool shower. He watched the water run down his legs and into the drain. He felt resigned. He was going to come clean to John. It was the only place to go from here. After he got out and dressed in his pajamas, he sat in his chair alone in the sitting room, thinking that he didn’t even deserve to sleep beside John for another night (John himself was already passed out). He pressed his hands into a steeple under his chin. He needed to think of how to tell John--where to even begin.
Pushing away the pervasive thought that he was in no way as brave as Sherlock thought, John asked, “The opposite with you? What are you implying?”
“She cried and defecated a lot.” He may not have been there all the time, but she was over the flat enough for him to know that was true.
But then, the pressure around his neck abruptly disappeared as he heard the front door slam open with a loud bang.
John then helped Sherlock across the room to the loo, and when Sherlock came out a minute later, he was dressed in a T-shirt and sweatpants.
John grinned. “Go eat something, you.” Feeling a little bold, his bit his lip. “I was thinking, perhaps Rosie could go with Mrs. Hudson for a couple hours?”
“Yes,” he rolled his eyes. “I thought you would be pleasantly surprised, so I was confused when you attacked me,” he said with an awkward cough. “But once the severity of my actions set in, I apologized.”
John felt unreasonably annoyed with them, and saw that Sherlock’s eyelids were beginning to droop. “Look, I think he’s about to drop off again.” He waited a second, and when he received no protest from Sherlock, said, “the fact that he didn’t just deny it is a confirmation.”
“You know where to find me,” he said, walking out of the kitchen. He looked down at Rosie. “I’ll see you later.”
Everything was dark, and his body felt like it was made from stone. He couldn’t move, and it felt like lint was on his tongue. There was a strong, rhythmic pounding in his skull, and nausea fluttered through his stomach. John felt cool wetness wiping at his forehead gently, and he groaned. He parted his lips, his tongue detaching from the roof of his mouth, and he mumbled,“What’s goin’ on?”
you were sorry for shooting my best friend, and acted like I was in the wrong when I didn’t want to talk to you.”
Like I said, I really don't know how long this will be since Sherlock can't keep it up forever, but I'm going to write for as long as this is relatively plausible lol
His features weren’t entirely clear, the only light source in the room coming from the flashing television screen, but Sherlock could see that his eyes were bleary, and the hair on the right side of his head, the side facing the sofa, was ruffled. John had been sleeping. The quilt covered his legs and part of his torso, but Sherlock could see that he was no longer wearing the wine-colored jumper, and was instead clad in a white T-shirt. He did take a shower, after all, and Sherlock must have fallen asleep again before John left the bathroom. John must have came back into the sitting room, saw Sherlock sleeping, and sat down with him anyway. Why didn’t John wake him up, and why didn’t he go up to his old room?
I considered breaking this into 2 parts, but I really wanted to get this done, especially because you waited for over a month.
True. Sherlock had no words and lowered his eyes in shame. He felt like his heart was exposed, displayed in the middle of the floor, beating harshly and loudly.
Sherlock’s ears were ringing and his nose felt wet. He must have been bleeding. All he could think of was John, how he wasn’t going to see him again, how John was probably going to feel guilty about his murder and drink himself to death. But he couldn’t save himself this time, so he couldn’t save John. His eyes stung with tears.
The doctor only looked more pissed off. “Just be careful,” he said sharply, and left the room with a disgruntled huff.
Sherlock did. He touched where the scar from the bullet wound was on his ribcage. “You...are taking this well,” he observed.
“You’ll be doing anything but sleeping, Sherlock,” John threw a wink over his shoulder. “Besides, the sofa is too small for us without me climbing on top of you, which I can’t do ‘til you’re all healed up.”
“It could have been better,” he said, shifting so they could look at each other in the darkness. “It was a little boring, honestly,” he said, lips close to John’s.
Sherlock felt very uncomfortable with the shopping bag containing condoms in his hand, but he went inside the alley anyway, enough to be hidden from the view of anyone casually passing by.
They still argued at times, but it was about insignificant, domestic rubbish. The animosity that had been there, lingering under the surface since the fall, was gone. As John sat on the sofa one night with Rosie sleeping on his chest and Sherlock sleeping against his shoulder, it occurred to him that this was the happiest period of his life, full stop, and he hoped it never ended.
“So, I think it’s best if you crash here for the night,” Lestrade rubbed his jaw. “You can figure out what you’re going to do tomorrow, ’cause I don’t think you’re in a state to be thinking about what you’re going to do or not do with Sherlock.”
It reminded John of when Sherlock thanked him for wishing him a happy birthday, thanked him for a simple act of kindness. He didn’t need to thank John for deeming him worthy of love and happiness. “Right. Goodnight,” John said stiffly.
“Sherlock, they’re called ‘man’s best friend.’ It’s okay to love pets.” He didn’t remember Sherlock ever mentioning a dog. He didn’t know what Sherlock looked like as child, but he imagined a little boy with a mop of curls, hugging a dog. He didn’t feel fond at the image; he felt upset. Considering the context of their conversation, something must have happened. “Did something happen to the dog?” he asked gently.
his mind corrected, and John’s throat felt so tight that he gagged. He took a long, deep breath. Vomiting in bed was not good. He pulled the duvet off his head, hoping cool air would fend off the wave of nausea in his gut and throat.
Having Sherlock’s muscular thighs around him, and a full view of his T-shirt clad chest in front of his eyes, made the warmth in his chest trickle down to his groin. He bit his lip. Now was not the time for this--Sherlock clearly wasn’t ready. John sat up against the armrest, needing to make sure Sherlock looked anywhere but down.
She stood up from the bed and walked towards the bars, and she looked haggard up close, eyes red and the lines around her mouth pronounced. “I need to talk to you,” she said quietly, but intensely.
…. And the emptiness would come roaring back in full force, leaving John doubled over and choking back broken sobs.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say...something...when he noticed fat snowflakes had begun drifting down like fluffy feathers in the wind.  How had he missed that?  Feeling emboldened by the whiskey and the urgency to get away from the coming snowstorm and to someplace warm, Sherlock had hardly formed a vague idea in his head before he spoke again.
Sherlock’s eyes grew far away, and John realized Sherlock was reliving those memories. His brow furrowed as if in pain, and John wanted so much to reach out and smooth away the wrinkles that appeared in Sherlock’s forehead with his fingers. John had fought in a war, but he always had support, even when he was bleeding out into the desert sand. He never had to wonder what it would be like to fight on his own, knowing he wouldn’t survive, but unable to stop until the end. He quelled his urge to touch Sherlock and forced himself to be still, and Sherlock continued.
“As I said once before, we devised thirteen possible scenarios for how this confrontation would end, and covered every contingency, except for one.” Sherlock shook his head, a humorless smile on his lips. “There’s always something. We both knew that Moriarty was untouchable by any law, and any successful action had to result in not only his demise, but his network of criminals as well. Moriarty knew this, which is why he intended my death that day as well. I didn’t realize the extent of what he would do to ensure his desired outcome.” He narrowed his eyes, which blazed with self-loathing. “I missed it,” he hissed.
“Why didn’t you tell me anyway?” John all but shouted. “Jesus, Sherlock, you were right there! You saw what you did to us, to me. Hell, you could have mentioned this at any time when you got back, but you didn’t. Why? Why didn’t you trust me with this?”
me, John. You were in love with me. Have been for years. You just never managed to admit it to yourself.”
Sherlock was silent for a long time. The wind picked up a bit, tousled his hair into a frizzy mess. John didn’t think he was going to answer, and prepared to walk back his question when Sherlock spoke, his voice low and flat.
“So, why are you here?”  John asked, glancing at Sherlock and waving his hand to indicate the alley around them.  “You could do a lot better than this, yeah?”
“I always wondered why he didn’t stay at the funeral,” John mused. “I punched him, you know. In the face. I hated him for telling Moriarty all about you. Was all that part of your plan, too?”
“I wasn’t the one that left,”  John snapped.  He lowered his voice when he saw the hurt look flash across Sherlock’s face.  “Just the one left behind.”
John remembered something Mary had said once, about agents not leaving, but getting retired. He shuddered in spite of himself.
- smaller one.  He hesitated for a moment, debating what name to give John, but for some inexplicable reason, opted for the truth.
John wasn’t expecting Sherlock to fight back, and the two men traded punches and grappled on the roof before John knocked Sherlock onto his back, who proceeded to kick John’s legs out from under him. John may have been a soldier, but he had been a civilian for years now, and his alcoholism has taken its toll. Sherlock’s health wasn’t much better, but he had been trained in martial arts since well before he met John, and fighting for one’s life every day for two years tended to hone one’s skills. John ended up on his back, trapped under Sherlock, with the taller man pinning his arms down with his knees as his hands gripped John’s face. Sherlock locked his eyes onto Johns, spittle spraying from his face as he yelled.
“Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?”  Sherlock asked again, impatience warring with amusement in his voice.
What does one do when the power has been out for hours, there's no cell service, and it's in the single digits outside?  It isn't writing fanfiction, I'll tell ya that.  I hope all of you are warm and safe and dry!
“I don’t know what I’m going to think, knowing there’s no minion of Mycroft’s behind every CCTV camera.” Sherlock chuckled weakly, for John’s sake. Always for John, even if he didn’t feel like it, even if it felt like he was burning what precious little of him was left.
Sherlock would wake up to the sound of John battling his mucous membranes every day for the rest of his life, if it meant he could keep him just a little bit longer.
one, so he chose to hide himself away and maintain the facade of the good son his parents could brag about to friends over tea.
He lost track of how long it had been since he fled the rehab facility, but whether it was weeks or years, it was irrelevant.  It was almost a challenge to remain hidden, at first.  His homeless network was ever loyal - he was one of them, after all.  No matter where he lived or how long he’d stay away, the back alleys and forgotten places would always welcome him.  Mycroft could try to track him with CCTV cameras and poorly-hidden minions all he wished, but Sherlock had called these streets home off and on for years; he knew how to remain hidden.
Sherlock’s eyes sharpened as he leaned forward again, burying his head in his knees as if to protect himself from the memories of that day. When he spoke again, his voice was quivering, breathless and muffled.
“Did you ever wonder why, before now? Why would I lie to you in that phone call? Even if I somehow suddenly lost half my intelligence, I’d still be more than capable of applying my intellect to proving my innocence.”
.  It wasn’t the biggest or flashiest diamond, but it meant more to him than a whole mine full of diamonds ever would.
that Sherlock disdained, the gaudy presentation that rendered the gift meaningless.  It wasn’t about appreciation anymore, having been reduced to a farcical retelling of gratitude designed to attract attention in an ostentatious display of wealth and clout.  But this,
He gazed at the door as he willed his arm to lift and for his hand to pull the door open.  His arm didn’t move.  He walked past the door and circled back, only to turn away again.  Apparently he wasn’t ready to go in just yet.
Sherlock took a steadying breath as he waited for the man’s reaction, tightening his grip on his whiskey bottle in case the man tried to answer the deductions with violence.  He may have balked at four-to-one odds, but Sherlock was alone, and a deceptively easy target.
“What does it look like, John? I’m having a smoke!” Sherlock replied, his own hands grasping Johns and wrenching them away, ignoring the sound of tearing fabric. It didn’t matter, the shirt was a loss anyhow.
. Sherlock couldn’t blame them - he, the Most Observant Man in London, saw but did not observe. It seemed poetic that both men should be here now, at Bart’s where it all began, only to witness its ending on the anniversary of its beginning. In truth, it ended with a dive off this roof years ago, but Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to admit it before now.
Sherlock’s eyes landed on him the instant he opened the door.  In this light, they took on a silvery hue, but softened as he smiled in greeting as John sat opposite, shedding his coat.  Sherlock’s remained firmly in place, a bulwark against the world.
, right when John made his choice to forget all about his past life of crime scenes and takeaway and
As John spoke, he gingerly grabbed hold of Sherlock’s hand, threading their fingers together and raising their joined hands to his lips, planting tiny kisses onto Sherlock’s knuckles.   His eyes remained locked on Sherlock’s, indicating that it wasn’t necessarily food he was hungry for.
normal.  It was the adult thing to do, what he hung his hopes on while scrubbing sand out of his unmentionable places in Afghanistan.  He would have a respectable job, a beautiful wife, a quaint home in a safe, quiet neighborhood, maybe raise a child or two.  His adrenaline-fueled days were over.  They
He wanted to place it at the feet of his wife, who lied to him and shot his best friend.  Who looked on with calculating eyes as the paramedics had to restart his heart for the second time in a week.
John continued to glare, but gave Sherlock the slightest nod. The brunet let go of the older man, and scooted off the prone body of John Watson.
“I’m not going anywhere.  And if you ever need to leave again, you’d damn sure better take me with you.”
John sat back in the torturous chair and ran his fingers through his unkempt hair.  He needed a shower, but that meant leaving Sherlock’s side, and he couldn’t end his vigil, not yet, not with his murderous wife still loose.  He had texted Mycroft, asking him to keep her away, offering no explanations.  Mycroft wouldn’t need to ask, anyway.
“What do people normally say?” The man huffed a quick laugh, one side of his mouth twitching upwards in a lopsided grin.
“No regrets,” Sherlock repeated, the lie sitting on his tongue like so much ash. Sherlock was silent a moment more, before taking a deep breath through his nose, and opening the door to his Mind Palace to the room of Things That Hurt to Remember.
.  John hit him, because if he didn’t, he'd kiss him instead, and he just couldn’t allow himself to feel things like that again.
to want; he had resigned himself to that life ever since Harry gave convention the forks on her way out the door of their parents’ house.  He wanted to join her, but he had to stay and be the good one, the
Even knowing Sherlock was waiting inside, John still hesitated.  His life has been thrown into utter disarray since Sherlock’s return.  A part of him wondered if he had finally lost his tenuous grip on reality and was drooling in a padded room somewhere.
John shifted his weight next to Sherlock, his shoulder almost touching the brunet’s. Sherlock wondered if John noticed.
I am especially grateful for Ariane DeVere's wonderful transcripts.  I'd be lost binge-watching the show again otherwise, and who knows when the chapter would have been done?
John picked up the cold metal, running his thumb over the empty setting.  He remembered after the media circus, when it was just the two of them in the sanctity of Baker Street once again, when Sherlock fiddled with the box in his hands.  He was always fidgeting, touching things, moving, as if the energy that fueled him was too vast to be contained within a single body.   John thought the tie pin would end up like all the other trinkets Sherlock had collected over the years - left in a corner to be covered with dust, forgotten and buried beneath the odd file or macabre curio.   This time, however, John had looked up in surprise when Sherlock handed the box to him, his expression soft and mouth curved up in a shy half-smile.
John’s eyes bore into his as he spoke.  Sherlock looked away, his earlier boldness giving way to anxiety.  Had he gotten it wrong, misread John’s interest as something other than it was?  Perhaps it was too much; after all, he
A mischievous grin spread across Sherlock’s face.  A date with this man was worth the risk of running into Mycroft’s minions, and he knew his brother well enough that he’d want to compile a dossier on John before confronting either one of them.  Sherlock would have at least that long with the man, and he found that even if tonight was the only night they would have together before Mycroft stuck his big fat nose in his business, it would still be worth it.
“I'm sure you’ve realized by now that I sent you away to Mrs. Hudson because I needed to meet Moriarty alone,” Sherlock began. John closed his eyes at the memory of the call that said that their landlady had been attacked. He nodded, unable to tell Sherlock to get on with it.
Also, the thing with the chopsticks really did happen.  I think the poor man who took the chopstick to the back of the head really knew who was responsible, but was gracious enough to let two giggling idiots finish lunch in peace, as long as no other chopsticks took flight.   If you happen to be reading, Mr. Chopstick-man, please accept my assurances that any instances of flying chopsticks in the future will have nothing to do with me.
Sherlock grasped John’s hand in his.  They were warm from holding the tea.  His food still remained untouched.  As thin as the man still was, John wanted to feed him back up.
“Haven’t you been listening, John? The sniper still had you in his sights! I stalled for as long as I could to give Mycroft time to press any advantage, but in the end, I knew I had to enact the thirteenth scenario of our plan, to fake my death.” Sherlock’s eyes softened. “I may not have intended for you to see it, but I did need you to be convinced, or you would never have survived.”
“The homeless are eyes and ears everywhere.  An invisible army, an inexhaustible source of information, hiding in plain sight.”
now) and kissing each one in acceptance, in apology, in gratitude that Sherlock had come home at all.  He imagined a fridge full of cadaver parts, experiments in the cupboards, breathless kisses after running either from or with the police….and John knew.
“There were three snipers that day, which I trusted Mycroft to find and eliminate. One for you, one for Mrs. Hudson, and one for Lestrade. Their orders were to execute you immediately should I fail to end my own life, complete Moriarty’s story.”
Sherlock allowed John to drag him away from the ledge, and slam him against the door John had just burst through, his still-aching ribs protesting the violent treatment. The air left his lungs in a pained grunt as he lifted his arms instinctively to protect his recovering body, still weakened from withdrawal and John’s brutal assault at the morgue, but the doctor was too incandescent in his rage to notice.
.  People tended to be closed-minded and would demand strict adherence to etiquette and decorum and conventionality, none of which Sherlock could be arsed to care one whit about. But John,
Sensing the end of his own sanity was drawing near, Sherlock tried in vain to convince John to take some pills or a shot of something. Anything, really. But doctors truly do make the worst patients, and John steadfastly refused, claiming that he didn’t like how antihistamines made him feel, and that he was usually better by lunchtime, anyhow.
“It was a dangerous jump, John, even with all our precautions. There was only a 50/50 chance that I would survive it. I don’t remember much after falling, but I had to take some time to recover from the force of the landing. My first priority was to eliminate your sniper.”
“No, no, no,” John placed his finger over Sherlock’s lips. “No, I was just surprised. You didn’t do anything wrong, I promise.”
“Okay,” he muttered. “Sorry for bringing it up.” He changed the subject. “Look, it’s nice of you to help her, but I think it’d be better if Rosie and I stayed out of your hair until she’s gone.”
Sherlock still sounded upset, but his voice came out a little steadier. “I think we could both stand to improve our behaviors. I will speak up if I think you’re going too far with something, and won’t put myself in danger anymore, and you’ll control your anger--I know you can do it, don’t protest--and forgive yourself. If do those things, we can move on from this mess. Can’t we?” he added, needing validation.
John rolled his eyes. “I don’t get riled up that easily. I’m just saying. Besides, it’s still new to me. Not bad at all, but new.”
Mary closed her legs, aware that Sherlock saw her genitalia. She looked completely affronted, and for once, Sherlock couldn’t blame her. Yet, there was something else in her eyes. She was clearly shocked, angry, but there was a hint of...smugness? Sherlock was in no state to analyze that.
His smile dimmed a little, but his eyes were still soft as ever. “And no one else ever will.” His right hand was curled over John’s heart now, and his forefinger was stroking softly. “I’d trust you with anything, John.”
Sherlock was cold and his his heart was tingling with anxiety. She was right, though. He acted like he was cynical, but he thought a former assassin who tried to kill him before would have let him off the hook. He swallowed. “You’re going to kill me,” he whispered.
Sherlock’s smile fell. “John, what is it? Is it shock?” He supposed being unconscious for two weeks would do that.
When laid out like that, it seemed so simple. “If you want to spend your life with me, then I’m committed to being better,” John said, “so yes. I think it can work, Sherlock. It’ll be hard.”
“Well,” Sherlock said softly, “I suppose that if I were to give a speech all about you, it would have to speak highly of you out of necessity.”
Head spinning and stomach turning, John got the gauze from the bathroom and a pair of scissors from the drawer in the sink where they were always kept. He returned to the sitting room, cut a long strip, and began his work. Sherlock stayed quiet the whole time, and John didn’t know if it was from painful memories, shame, or just plain fatigue from the day. Maybe it was all three. Dressing Sherlock’s wounds meant wrapping his arms around his front, the gauze stretching over his abdomen and broad chest. Sherlock let him do it all.
John pressed a chaste kiss to his lips. “We don’t have to talk about it now, but I want to do one thing.”
“I’ll be quick,” John told him, grabbing his kit, and then removing the soggy bandage. Then, he was face to face with the bullet wound. He’d dealt with this before, but staring at the hole in Sherlock’s chest still made him wildly uneasy. This time, though, he felt even angrier at Mary. “She’ll pay for this,” he said under his breath.
John couldn’t retort. He just stared out the window. In any other scenario, he would have decked Mycroft right in the nose, but he was right. Christ, what had he been thinking? Even so, John was still dreading seeing Sherlock. It was going to be horrible, he knew, but he would have to see him again at some point no matter what. Maybe they could arrange something. Maybe they could agree that John would live with him until Mary was caught and Sherlock recovered, and then he would move out. They would go their separate ways and would never have to deal with the consequences of John’s disgustingly naive heart.
He was breathing heavily, eyes downcast, a light pink flush over his cheeks. It may have been hot in there, but John that wasn’t the cause of the blush. He needed to be sensitive here. Sherlock was clad only in a towel in front of him, hurting, pride diminished. “I can handle this,” he muttered, but his tone was defiant and sharp.
The problem was that Mary couldn’t find out the roses were from him, or else she would surely spoil everything before he was completely ready. Thus, Sherlock could not deliver these to John’s house. He would deliver them to John’s surgery. Once Mary became too “pregnant” to work, she stopped helping John out at the surgery, and from what Sherlock understood, claimed that she was still too emotionally distraught to go back to work at this time. Sherlock wasn’t sure if John believed her, or simply preferred her not being there. Sometimes, John seemed like he couldn’t stand her, but other times, like a few days ago...Sherlock became confused. People didn’t have sex with those they disliked, at least, Sherlock didn’t think they did. He certainly wouldn’t, which was why he never had anyone before. It seemed like a waste to him, to expose oneself and use energy on someone he couldn’t stand.
John knew what he wanted to do, so he kissing Sherlock again, hard. As their mouths moved together, he slowly backed Sherlock up until they reached the sofa.
John’s brow furrowed, but remembered that he visited Mrs. Hudson before he went to dinner with Mary the first time around. “What about her?”
John didn’t know what that had to do with anything at first, but he started to understand. “You mean--is it a lot because no one ever touched you for this long?”
His eyes flickered to the corner of the room, lips pulling down in an angry frown. “It’s stupid. It was ages ago, why should I still be upset?” he muttered to himself.
Sherlock’s phone pinged with an email. He checked his emails just for something to do, even though he had no intention of taking clients anytime soon. It broke up the monotony without effort on his part.
But John was not about to stand her and have Sherlock tell him that Irene wasn’t that bad, or he was overreacting, or whatever. Mary fucking lied to him, again! “I need some air.” He walked out of the door from the kitchen leading to the stairs. He walked down into the entryway of the building and put his aching head into his hands. Mary knew about the Fall. She dated him while Sherlock was “dead”--of course she knew. She knew how devastated John was. She knew how deeply his grief cut his heart. The whole fucking time, while he opened up to her and only her about Sherlock’s death, she had been an accomplice to Moriarty the whole time! The whole fucking time!
John sighed, rubbing his eyes. He took the time to delete all of the pictures of Mary from his phone, along with her number. He changed his lockscreen to a generic picture of a landscape, because as much as he loved Sherlock, even he knew having a picture of him as his lockscreen would have been creepy since they weren’t in a relationship.
A spark of anger ignited in Sherlock, too. “I didn’t say that, John. Don’t put words in my mouth,” he said sharply.
to touch Sherlock, unless and until he was told to stop. It was instinctual. Being close to Sherlock was as natural as breathing. His lips moved to his Adam’s apple, mouthing it, and John felt him swallow. John giggled and told Sherlock why, and Sherlock gave an annoyed
Sherlock, and Rosie. He fixed one universe, but completely screwed up another. A hard lump formed in his throat, making it difficult to breathe.
Sherlock blinked slowly, not smiling. He shook his head as he looked at the papers again. “You said you don’t know where it all went wrong, but I think I do. It was when I was so afraid of my feelings and yours that I began to shut you out and focus on Moriarty. Even before I left you, I was isolating myself.”
“Mrs. Hudson hadn’t seen her in awhile,” John said, walking towards his red chair, but stopping beside it. “And I wanted to talk to you. Alone. Without interruptions.” He swallowed.
John felt so trapped, but he didn’t want to cry in front of Sherlock again. This wasn’t supposed to be about him. “Please rest for me,” John said. “I’m really, really fucking worried about you, Sherlock. You’re in terrible pain--don’t deny it; I know you, and I’m a doctor. I saw the wound. I saw you lying on the floor,” his voice faltered. “I’m sorry I left. It’s just--I should have known Mary would do this.”
John moved away, but only slightly, and the warm, solid weight of his shoulder and thigh remained pressed against Sherlock’s. He adjusted the blanket and stretched out his legs, feet under the coffee table.
Sherlock’s throat tightened and he felt like he was going to combust. His brain short-circuited and he hid his face in John’s neck, closing his eyes when John cradled him to his chest. “I know,” he said roughly, breathing deeply through the stinging in his eyes.
Sherlock felt a shiver of anxiety in his heart. He sat down in his chair with a sigh. He could use a pack of cigarettes. No, John would get angry with him. He promised John he wouldn’t smoke or do any sort of drugs after the plan turned around. It was hard, though, especially in moments like this. He stretched out his legs, figuring that looking casual would be better than revealing how nervous he was through his body language. He groaned at the ceiling. What the hell was John even going to say?
This whole time--this whole goddamn time, he couldn’t stop thinking of the other Sherlock. He kept thinking of him, of his pain and how he’d never receive an apology, but John never considered that he was alone. He left him. He selfishly left him and his daughter so he could get a second chance, but why? So he could avoid all consequences for his actions? This Sherlock hadn’t been beaten by him, or left alone living in 221B while John stayed married to his would-be killer. John got off scot-free, but he hurt people
John nodded, frowning at the fresh bruises on his body. “Lie back against the pillows and headboard.”
Sherlock didn’t know what to do with this information. It made him feel good, but he didn’t know how to respond. He had to stop reacting to these things like it was his first time experiencing them. John would notice sooner or later.
“Bullshit!” John let go of him again, nearly sending Sherlock to the ground. He was so angry--he was so fucking angry--he could smack--
John’s lips quivered without his permission and a fresh stream of hot tears ran down his face. Sherlock’s mouth opened in a frown and he wrapped his hand around the back of John’s neck, bringing his head to rest under his chin.
After Sherlock woke up in the afternoon and ate, he headed to the hospital. As conflicted as he felt about everything, he wanted to see John, and he couldn’t just leave him alone in the hospital now that he was awake from his coma. He went alone, however, figuring that showing up with Rosie would not be the best decision.
“John?” Sherlock asked, all attempts at nervous humor gone and replaced with worry. “John, are you ill? Are you going to faint?”
Sherlock wished he could have seen Mrs. Hudson’s face as she said this, but his eyes were beginning to feel heavy. He felt John sigh.
They didn’t mention John’s humping episode for the rest of the day, and blushed every time they made eye contact. Thankfully, Rosie distracted them both sufficiently enough, John thought it would have been indecent to think about humping Sherlock with his baby girl around, and as a result he was able to stay in the same room with Sherlock without dying from embarrassment.
He started crying into his pillow again. What the fuck had he been thinking? That she would change? That she actually wasn’t that bad? What she did was inexcusable, and after they got back together, she
Someone on the pavement shoved into him, and John scowled. “Oi, watch it.” Wait. Something felt very familiar about this. His gut told him to whip around, and he saw a man coming at him with a syringe.
John’s stomach growled, but he didn’t want to leave bed for stupid cereal when this was the first time he woke up with Sherlock next to him as his...partner? Lover? They hadn’t had sex yet. Whatever. He was his Sherlock. John wished he could hold him properly, but the last thing Sherlock needed was his wound to be aggravated. It was funny, now that John thought about it, that a few hours ago, they were in despair. It certainly wasn’t funny at the time, but life was so strange that John figured he had to laugh at himself and the absurdity of their relationship sometimes.
. Better than any time together in recent memory. He didn’t know he would enjoy kissing so much, but he should have. Of course kissing John would be pleasurable, and he got to do it whenever he wanted now--as long as John believed they were married. Damn it, his mind couldn’t stop going back to the ugly truth. He knew it would come out sooner or later, but he decided he couldn’t tell John without devastating him, so he would ride with it as long as possible. If that were the case, then he should try to enjoy their relationship to the fullest until its end. He could commit what a relationship with John was like to memory before it was gone.
Mary recovered, and her face turned to cold steel. “You’re a disgrace. Goodbye, John.” She didn’t even look at Sherlock.
while Daddy talks to Sherlock?” He hated that show, but it would keep her occupied for a few minutes. John sat her in front of the television with several pillows  and her new Winnie the Pooh toy and turned on the obnoxious preschool pig for her.
No words sat on John’s tongue, but he decided he didn’t need any right now. He had to let Sherlock know how he felt right away. John shut the door firmly behind him, strode right over to him, watched those light eyes widen and pale eyebrows furrow, and pulled Sherlock into his arms firmly.
Sherlock actually felt a little bit of anger. “What, did I ever intend on having you tell me how you’re not gay and you’ll always love Mary?” he asked darkly, looking up at John from under his lashes.
John opened his mouth and deepened the kiss, but only slightly, keeping it gentle. Sherlock wanted to be enveloped in his arms, bury his face in his broad chest, and be held. It was a terribly pathetic thing to admit, even to himself, but that was what he wanted. It was really hitting him. There was a point when he thought John never wanted to see him again, and now John said he loved him, and was kissing him. Sherlock’s chest was heaving.
“She sounds as if she wants nothing to do with you, which would make it easier for you to divorce her.
“I don’t know, either,” Sherlock admitted, flexing his toes. “Are you thinking about these dreams before you fall asleep, as a form of anxiety?”
John was nuzzling his nose into his hair, torn between smiling with glee and tearing up over Sherlock’s tender words. “Take as long as you need,” he whispered hoarsely. “I’ll always be right here.”
“You’re lying,” John accused. Why was he acting so weird all of a sudden? Seriously, was it something he said?
Sherlock dried his hair, dressed into a suit, and looked out the window to his bedroom, wondering how likely it was that Mary would hurt him or John. The fact that they were meeting her in public diminished the probability. She wasn’t that bold or stupid. When she shot Sherlock, she thought there was no way she would have gotten caught, and since then, she hadn’t tried to hurt Sherlock again, and he thought the only reason for that was because John would have probably put the pieces together and figured out it was her. She didn’t like John seeing her in a negative light. But, she must have known John was done with her, and that could be good or bad. Best case scenario was that she didn’t threaten either of them in an attempt to look good to John and convince him to stay with her. Worst case scenario was that she didn’t give a damn about anything anymore and shot them, ready to go to prison because the charade was over. Something told Sherlock that wasn’t entirely likely, though. Moriarty was that way; when he lost the game, he went so far as to end his life. Mary didn’t fool around like that.
A long beat passed. “Ah, I’m just asking,” Lestrade deflected, sitting forward and leaning his elbows on his knees. “Funny how the mind works.”
“I’m frustrated,” John muttered, rolling onto his side and away from Sherlock, not trusting his face. “It’s...there’s nothing to do. So.”
In the darkness, John saw Sherlock’s lips quirk upwards in a small grin. “You need to sleep more than I do. You won’t fall asleep around a crying toddler.”
“Fine,” Sherlock said petulantly. He curled up on his side, resting his cheek against the back of the sofa. “Turn on the telly.”
Sherlock’s hands were sweating beneath John’s. He knew he would regret 2012 for the rest of his life. He would never live it down, and he realized he didn’t deserve to. “I prefer kissing,” he joked weakly, a painful weight in his chest.
“Mary made him miserable,” Sherlock shot back. “It’s better if he doesn’t know for as long as possible.”
“You’ve got to get that frown off your face,” John said, removing his hand from under Sherlock’s and gently grasping his chin. “I don’t like seeing you this bothered.”
Sherlock agreed. It would delay them going back home and doing Sex. He was feeling less comfortable with the idea as time passed. He dreamed of having sex with John, so what was wrong with him? Once outside, John, a little buzzed from the wine, locked their arms together as they walked.
Sherlock felt a kick of disappointment to his heart. He would have to wait and see if John would tell Mary. If he didn’t, then perhaps that was a good sign, that John wanted to hold out hope for the possibility of finding another partner. He would have to see. He held John’s gaze for a long moment, their eyes locked. “Apologies,” he murmured, voice unintentionally soft and deep.
John took the key, nodding curtly, and left the car without a word. He stood in front of the door, feet on the cold pavement, the November chill biting through his jumper, and unlocked the door. He stuffed the key into his jeans pocket, and entered the building. It was dark and quiet. He slowly ascended the stairs, opened the door, and saw their empty sitting room. The clock on the cable box, though, revealed it was 3:30 in the morning. No wonder his body felt like shit. He did feel extra sorry for Lestrade, though. The poor bloke probably had work in a few hours.
“I’m not looking for a fight.” She nearly sounded offended. “I have a legitimate concern about you, Sherlock, because I know you’ve fallen for my husband.” Now, she sounded mock-sympathetic.
John saw fear on Sherlock’s face, and his expression softened. “Hey, Sherlock, tell me what’s going on in that big brain of yours.”
John didn’t want Sherlock to know he was crying, so he wiped his eyes and hands on his pillowcase, and flipped the pillow over. He got back under the blankets, telling himself to relax. He couldn’t go back to sleep, firstly because of the confusion pounding at the base of his skull, and because it was already morning, and he rarely slept in.
John disliked the Woman even more. Sherlock trusted her, which was a rare occurrence, and she was more than willing to throw him under the bus for her own personal gain. Sherlock may have betrayed his trust with the Fall, but at least he had reasons, no matter how much John would have preferred to work together with him.
John’s chest was heaving, and he shook his head slowly, looking down at the floor. “I can’t believe...” he started, but let the sentence trail off.
Sherlock closed his eyes again. “Okay.” The painkillers were finally starting to do their job, and the painful pulsing in his head, face, and ribs was dying down enough that he felt like he could relax. His eyelids felt heavy even as they were closed, and the rhythmic caresses from John’s hand did make him feel safe. He fell asleep with John placing tiny, delicate kisses on the side of his jaw.
John opened his mouth to say he would, but Sherlock cut in. “Yes, I get it,” he rolled his eyes. “This isn’t the first time I’ve been given this spiel. John’s given it to me many times during our friendship.”
Sherlock nodded silently. In that way, she was more dangerous. He rested his cheek against the top of John’s head, thinking. They would have to make it clear to Mary that they were ready for any nonsense revenge plot she could possibly plan. They had to threaten her somehow. Sherlock didn’t want to physically threaten her, though. He didn’t know how John would feel about that, and although he shot Magnussen in the head, it wasn’t something he was proud of, and he wished there could have been a way around it.
“His name was Charles Augustus Magnussen, a media man and vile blackmailer. He was one of the worst men I’d ever known, John. He ruined people’s lives. I had miscalculated with the case. I was an idiot. I thought he had files on everyone, but it was all in his mind. He had a Mind Palace. I had handed over Mycroft’s files to him--miscalculation, again--and he arrived with helicopters to arrest us. I didn’t know what to do, so I took the gun from your jacket and killed him.” It wasn’t very difficult telling this story, since he still didn’t regret killing Magnussen. If he hadn’t, John would have gotten into deep trouble. He hadn’t actually cared about the dirt Magnussen had on Mary, though.
His fatigued body must have decided for him, though, because when he heard a slight groan, his head shot up from being bowed with his chin on his chest.
Mycroft looked a little uncomfortable. “Well, I won’t repeat the expletives, but Ms. Morstan is angry you chose a man over her.”
John let out a deep breath, reclining on the sofa. “Your back is on the road to recovery, so far,” he said, starting to feel a little comfortable.
He ducked his head. “Am I that transparent? I only thought that since it took us so long to get here, we shouldn’t waste any time.”
Sherlock felt humiliated for the second time that night, but this was worse. This wasn’t the first time he dreamt of Mary, but he never had to explain himself to anyone when he awoke alone in his bedroom. He hated appearing weak. He didn’t want to open his eyes, but keeping them closed would only make him look like a frightened child. He opened his eyes. The fire from the fireplace was long burnt out, but the television was still on. He didn’t want to look at John. His eyes flickered down to his hand, and released his grip on the quilt.
Then, the shocked look went away, and Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed and he quickly turned his face away, looking out into the street. “Oh,” was all he said.
John looked astounded for the tenth time that day. “You’re actually going to give me a heart attack,” he said. His heart monitor was beeping quickly. He sat there staring at him, breathing out of his parted lips.
Sherlock crawled under his duvet and sheets and pulled the covers over his head, wanting to feel like he was in his own world. He needed to think. Mary was going to tell John about Sherlock’s feelings. He had absolutely no doubt she would follow up on her threat. Perhaps there was a way Sherlock could prevent the end of their friendship. If, and this was a big if, John didn’t want him
Sherlock’s normally-light eyes were dark, the light from the lap shining behind him and not hitting his face. It would have been sexy, if he didn’t look so confused. “I don’t see the merit in berating yourself over a situation that didn’t happen.”
His mouth had dropped open, eyes closed, brows furrowed, looking like he was emitting a silent moan. His chest was heaving, pale except for the red mark John had bitten into his skin. Seeming to detect John’s gaze on him, Sherlock’s eyes flew open, and he tilted his head down, meeting John’s face. But his mouth opened again, groaning and turning his face to the side, squeezing his eyes shut. “Oh,
Sherlock turned off the lamp. He stared down at John, wondering what he ever did to deserve being met with this look of affection. (Nothing. He did nothing.) He curled his fingers and stroked his knuckles over John’s cheek. “You’re tired,” he murmured. “I’m not bothered.”
“That’s what I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted in obvious frustration, and his voice was a little quieter now.
“Wait,” she held up her hands, “before you get mad, it has to do with Mrs. Watson--or, now, Ms. Morstan.”
Hey, all! I was sitting around and thinking that if Sherlock or John could start things over, they would, and I noticed other stories with this premise had Sherlock going back in time, so I decided to switch it up with John.
Sherlock sat up, allowing John to sit down, and then placed his head on John’s muscular thighs, looking up at him. “Hello.”
“Why would I have been okay with this?” John asked. “How could’ve I not gotten upset? You’re my best friend and I thought you were gone forever,” he said bluntly.
“Well, Rosie’s downstairs, we can, erm, get comfortable.” He coughed delicately behind his fist. Did he seriously just say that, after his blunder yesterday? “It gets tiring standing after a while,” he explained dumbly. “We can lie on the sofa, you know, relax a bit.” It wasn’t fair that it was this difficult.
John grunted and stroked him harder, nipping the underside of his jaw. “Of course you fucking can. Do what makes you feel good.”
“Oh,” Lestrade immediately turned sympathetic. Under normal circumstances, John hated being talked to like that, but he needed it now. “Oh,” he said again. “Fuck, John. I always suspected there was something between you two, but I thought it was on his part, too.”
Like all the others, the dream ended as quickly as it began, but when John startled awake, it felt like someone took a sledgehammer to his heart. His hand was clutching his T-shirt over his heart, and he was breathing heavily out of his mouth.
“Should we tell Molly? I think I will,” he said when Sherlock made a face. “She watched Rosie so much for me when--” he stopped. “You know.” He felt Irene’s eyes on him. When Molly was caring for Rosie, that was when he wrote that atrocious letter to Sherlock. God, he couldn’t think about that now. “Anyway, I’ll text her tonight.”
John needed to end this conversation. He opened the door, took a step outside, and his bloody bad leg crumpled and he gripped the doorknob tightly.
John held back a moan of his own and stroked Sherlock faster, from root to tip, rubbing his thumb over the head. Sherlock let out a small whimper, seemed to catch himself, and buried his face even further into John’s skin, and John could feel the heat from his blush.
“Like bloody hell I will,” he muttered, intending to close his eyes and try to go back to sleep, away from this cruel world.
John smiled wider. He walked over and leaned down, taking Sherlock’s face in his hands. His heart thumped, staring into Sherlock’s open, trusting eyes. “Just enjoy yourself.” He kissed him, their lips gliding together, his hand moving to Sherlock’s chest and gently running down it. A part of him couldn’t believe he was about to do this, but he didn’t really care enough to be very nervous.
John thought about it, and then stood up, Sherlock’s hand falling from his knee. He put down his beer and went over to the fireplace. He started a fire, and threw the rings into the flames.
Sherlock turned his head with a sigh, staring at the wall. He was quiet for a long moment, struggling internally.
The paramedics rushed Sherlock into the ambulance as quickly as they could without hurting him, and like last time, John was there, sitting beside him in the back of the ambulance. An oxygen mask was strapped to Sherlock’s face, the sound of the sirens was piercing, and the driver was going as fast as he could. Last time, though, while his heart was going wild and he was terrified, John kept his composure. This time, he didn’t give a single fuck about the presence of the paramedics. Tears were still leaking down his face, his eyes hurting from crying so much. Sherlock’s shirt had been taken off, and John could see the deep wound on his chest, and the dark red blood surrounding it. It was definitely the same wound as before; John had the image of Sherlock’s bullet wound burned into his brain. His head swam between stress and how quickly the ambulance was driving, and his limbs trembled violently. Sherlock’s head lolled to the side as the ambulance turned down the street, completely lost to the world (
About 4:30, he took a ride in a cab to John’s clinic. He entered and handed the note to the receptionist, his palms sweating.
An alternative title for this chapter would be "The Big Emotional Confrontation Chapter That Appears in All My Fics" lol
he did it. Mary told Sherlock to put himself through hell so John could save him--what kind of plan was that? And was nearly dying of an overdose the only option?!
For a moment, there was only the sound of John’s breathing and the white noise of people talking in the distance. Someone walked by them, but neither noticed, completely absorbed in their own world.
John went over and dumped Rosie into his lap. “Here, I spent all yesterday morning with her. You be a dad this morning.”
John couldn’t tell if the scandalized expression on his face was from being flustered, or from the term of endearment.
“You were actually useful,” Sherlock said with a smile in his voice, “and you had good news for once in your life.” He turned to John. “That certainly worked out nicely.”
John sat back sheepishly, actually feeling a flush of heat on his face. He was going to apologize again, but stopped himself. A hurting Sherlock was a moody Sherlock, and under normal circumstances, he didn’t even like to be coddled. Nothing could stop John from wanting to hold and console him, but John had to respect his wishes.
John felt sick. “So, you had to deal with her, the one who shot you, to spare my feelings.” He put his head in his hands and shook his head, the rest of his tears falling and wetting his palms. “I’m so sorry,” he choked out. “I shouldn’t have gone back to her, I shouldn’t have blamed you for her death, I shouldn’t have hit you, I’m so fucking sorry, Sherlock.” John could barely finish the sentence before he broke down into small sobs, the bitter guilt and regret choking him, shredding his heart apart and making him queasy.
And then, Sherlock was too uncomfortable, and John was too close, too gorgeous in the sunlight, and it was too much, everything too close to the surface, so he said, “You don’t have the right to know every miniscule detail in my life, John. I’m entitled to keep things to myself.”
“No,” Sherlock grabbed the collar of his T-shirt and pulled him close, their lips smashing together, and fuck, that was the sexiest thing John had seen him do so far.
Sherlock’s hair was everywhere, sticking up, and John hated that he found it sweet. John sat up, too, taking the blanket off him. He suddenly felt self-conscious and paranoid, wondering if his face portrayed any obvious signs of being love-struck when Sherlock woke up. Maybe that was why he was so quick to get up.
“You were taking way too long to come back from buying bloody condoms. I just--I know I told you not to worry, but I remembered our conversation about Mary, and I couldn’t shake it, and I worried too much to let it go. I asked Mycroft to track your phone, and it was found abandoned on the sidewalk.”
John cleared his throat, skin feeling a little damp from the humidity of the room. “I want to apologize to you about last night,” he said, forcing himself to look Sherlock in the eye. “I pressed you for information that was none of my business, and while you have a bloody hole in your chest, at that. It really wasn’t on. If you want to keep all of that to yourself, that’s your right.”
John shook his head. “That woman takes up every room she’s in. I--Rosie and I--will just get in the way.”
Sherlock is getting more unethical and this is getting more fun to write lol. I hope it's clear that he is guilty about this and he isn't like season 1 level of not caring about manipulating people.
He tried not to think of Sherlock, but of course he was the only thing on his mind. Whatever. He had to adjust to the new normal now. He made his bed and now had to lie in it. John went to take another drink from the bottle, but it was empty. He placed it on the cushion next to him and sighed heavily, feeling weary from head to toe, although he did nothing but sit around for days. He looked at the clock on the wall. He had several more hours of doing nothing until he had to get Rosie, and then he had to be semi-functional for her. He would let himself sit there and stare into space until then.
John released Sherlock’s shoulders when they started to shake. Sherlock leaned his head back, laughing out loud, but the laugh wasn’t right. It was wet and sad and spoke of missed chances, and not enough time.
At the time, John had urged him to silence, understanding that was the best he could hope for. Graciously accepting the gift was a pipe dream at best.
John looked over the London skyline as well, taking in the tall buildings, the smoke curling from various chimneys. Sherlock wondered if John saw the battlefield, or something else, when his eyes scanned the distance like that.
“It’s a fitting day for it, the end of an era,” Sherlock replied, vaguely amazed that his voice was as steady as it was. “It’s the 29th today.”
“Okay. My turn.” He took a deep breath. “I thought I loved Mary. I did. I do. She’s the mother of my child, and I will never, ever stop being grateful for Rosie, every day of my life. But …” John swallowed. Sherlock watched his Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed, unable to look into John’s eyes without revealing more than he had already. “But I loved you first, Sherlock. And Mary couldn’t handle it.”
The Sherlock seated before him now was a different man.  He still cut an imposing figure in his Belstaff and tailored suit, but instead of claiming a seat by the window, Sherlock chose a table in the back, near the rear exit, and positioned himself with a clear line of sight to all exits and windows.  His eyes flicked from one to another before settling on the faces of those near him and flitting back again.  Not restless, but wary.
“I. Will not. Jump.” Sherlock emphasized each word with a shake to John’s head. “I’m going to let you up now, and you’re not going to lay a hand on me again, or I will put you back down here and keep you here until you settle down. Is. That. Clear?”
“I’d be a rubbish detective if I couldn’t read body language and facial expressions. I saw all the signs in you - elevated pulse, pupils dilating, lingering touches.” Sherlock felt bold, knowing that this conversation would be their last. He would not spare John Watson from his feelings; it’s not like he has anything else left to lose.
“I used to like rooftops,” Sherlock said, looking out over the London skyline. “The view. The solitude. The silence. Helped me think. I’ve avoided them since that day, you know.”
Sherlock’s tone had flattened as he spoke, as if he was reading an incident report rather than detailing what he had done for two years. John recognized this tactic for what it was, and felt his heart clench for his (former?) friend.
“That’s not all you are to me,” John breathed, numbed by Sherlock’s admission. “How can you say that? Do you honestly believe I’d use you for some fix, and leave you?”
No one wants to read chapter notes, they just want the story, so I'll only take a minute (well, give or take).  Thank you - a million thank-yous - for reading, commenting, and kudos-ing.  Hitting that "post" button is one of the scariest things I've ever done, even after I've hit it like a dozen times now, and you have been absolutely wonderful.   You make me want to improve and keep posting even though I've dragged myself so far out of my comfort zone, y'all might need to use search and rescue dogs to find me.
Sherlock huffed a laugh at the memory of Mycroft with a swollen nose, loo paper wadded in his nostrils, a line of blood down his stiff upper lip and into his mouth. He couldn’t recall the last time the British Government had looked so green. He never could stomach the sight of blood.
John was no idiot. He knew what Sherlock was alluding to. John had seen examples of it in Afghanistan. He suddenly understood why Sherlock flinched at sudden movements and loud noise, why he always positioned himself near the exits, why he wore the Belstaff even when the weather was warm. Sherlock had been
It’s partly why he was on the roof today. It was the 29th of January, the anniversary of when he and John met. Sherlock never intended to allow sentiment to rule his head, but he could not refute the evidence that he had worn his heart on his sleeve for years. It shouldn’t have been surprising at all that Moriarty had seen it. Hell, most likely everyone had seen it, and would have recognized it for what it was if they only
“You’re leaving anyway, I had to try it the once,” Sherlock said by way of explanation, his voice soft and defeated.
“I had hoped that you would remain there, at Baker Street, to protect her from any threats while I was occupied here at Bart's. I never meant for you to watch me jump.” John nodded, his face grim, his jaw set. He knew Sherlock was meeting Moriarty, and how that meeting ended, but he didn’t dare risk interrupting Sherlock, lest the story never be completed.
“How long did they keep you? Hmm? How long were you stuck there?” John found he actually didn’t want to know. He didn’t want anyone to know how he got his bullet wound; he could imagine Sherlock wouldn’t want to talk about his war wounds, either. Instead, John asked a different question.
“I made the wrong choice,” he whispered, nearly choking on the lump that had formed in his throat.  “You said I chose her, but I don’t. Choose her. I really don’t.”  John shook his head for emphasis and fought to keep his breathing even, the tendons in his neck visible under the strain.   “Come back, Sherlock. Wake up for me, and I’ll make the choice I should have made from the beginning.”
John didn't move, didn't breathe, or blink. He was transfixed, the horror of what Sherlock revealed to him plain on his face. The look of horror morphed into sadness, and of course, anger.
But why not?  If his past choices brought them here, then he can make a different choice, choose a different future for himself, right?
But Sherlock came back, despite the odds, and the Universe decided John should have his chance after all.  He still couldn’t wrap his head around it.
“Just be here, John.”  Sherlock raised John’s hands to his lips, his bottom lip caressing John’s knuckles.  “You know I’m lost without my blogger.”
Maybe it’s a bit not good to watch a man sleep for hours.  But John’s doing it now, and can’t force himself to do anything else.
John sucked in huge gulps of air, already winded from running up the stairs and across the roof, his shouting warring with his need to catch his breath. His face was mere inches from Sherlocks, and his fingers clawed into his chest as he shook Sherlock by his lapels. He was certain John had actually popped a button or two when he gripped his shirt, but that was inconsequential at the moment.
Nothing like smut sandwiched between angst :) I can't make this nothing but fluff, ya know (as much as I love some good cotton candy fluff).
Sherlock breathed in and out slowly, John feeling his chest expand and contract, and kept quiet. John put his hand in his hair, hesitantly running his fingers through the curls. He wanted to say
John shook his head, removing his hand from his eyes. “Don’t be.” His lips compressed. “I’m sorry for going back to her, after she shot you.”
“W-what?” John asked in confusion, Sherlock’s abrupt change in tone sending a shockwave through him. He stood up, too.
forgive you. You ruined our lives for too long.” He was talking about the other world, but couldn’t stop himself. “You
“You’re the most important person in my life,” Sherlock breathed against his cheek. “I want to get it right, because I spent so long getting it wrong.”
John rubbed his eyes. He felt beyond worn out since the night, or early morning, Sherlock got shot. It put them both in horrible moods. But, he really needed to stop getting caught up in the other timeline, at least in front of Sherlock. He had to, after how their conversation about his “dreams” went yesterday. Still, John couldn’t stop thinking of what Sherlock said:
John remembered how he initially didn’t forgive Sherlock the first time with a sharp pang of regret in his chest. “It’s...it’s nothing.” His hand slid from Sherlock’s shoulder to his forearm, gripping it loosely, his hand apparently not ready to let go of him yet.
again. This was bad. The last time he knocked the shit out of a high Sherlock was flashing before his eyes. He couldn’t. He couldn’t.
His eyes fluttered open, and then shut. His head lolled on the pillow towards Sherlock. He blinked his eyes open again, his gaze bleary, unfocused, and confused. A deep wrinkle formed in between his eyebrows, and somehow, he got paler. “Sh-Sherlock?” he rasped.
John exhaled heavily out of his nose. He was still pale and had lost some weight in the past two weeks, but he looked a tad more alert now. “Still fucking overwhelmed,” he admitted. “But I’ve had time to think about what you said. I’m still angry with you, but, I think I understand why you did it. Still wish you hadn’t done it, but. Can’t change the past. Besides, I feel like it’s unfair being pissed at you for something you apologized for years ago.” He stopped. “You did apologize back then, right?”
“The Woman was chiming in and attempting to solve the case herself,” he grumbled, typing on his laptop. His curls were falling over his eyebrows, uncombed, and he was in his red dressing gown.
John’s jaw almost dropped. He didn’t listen and grabbed Sherlock hard, holding his biceps. “Stop! What are you doing? You’re obviously in pain.” It hurt
Sherlock’s head was ducked slightly, looking up at him from under his lashes. “Yes. We could try that.” His Adam’s apple bobbed.
Sherlock took a deep breath, chest expanding. “I want to try again, if you’ll allow it. It’s time for me to grow up and get over this, I suppose.”
“I see.” He put the jar of baby food and spoon on the tray of the height chair. “No memories returned, I assume?”
“But you don’t want to stop?” John asked, brushing the soft curls away from his forehead. (He realized Sherlock was lying on his back, and he was kneeling. When the fuck had that happened, too?)
“Indeed,” he said grimly. He pictured Mary coming in and killing them while they were kissing in the sitting room, or having dinner together, or while they were in bed. She would like making a scene like that. She was an ex-agent. She could break into 221B if she really wanted to. Sherlock felt unsafe in his own home.
That was where a couple things could happen. John could either be pleasantly surprised, accept Sherlock’s gestures, and reciprocate accordingly, or he could let Sherlock down and tell him that he wasn’t interested, that they’re just friends, he’s not gay, and he’s married. Sherlock was almost positive he would receive the latter response, but at least at that point, John wouldn’t be able to see he was incapable of being in a relationship. No matter what, though, Sherlock was going to tell John the truth about Mary once he put the pieces together. That was the other reason why he was doing this anonymously: he couldn’t let Mary know what he was doing. She was perceptive, though. She could figure it out before John did. She would absolutely want to know who was sending her husband flowers.
His heart started fluttering, but John got up and went to the loo anyway. He had to get himself and Rosie ready in time to bring her to daycare. While brushing his teeth, he thought about skipping the hassle and keeping her home for the day, but then again, as much as he loved her, he needed more alone time with Sherlock. He was tired but his mind was swimming with memories of last night--or, early morning. He was still in shock, really, and while he didn’t feel depressed for once in a long time, he didn’t exactly feel great either. All of this needed to sink in, but for now, it was like shell shock. They agreed to stop apologizing to each other, but John was thinking about the raw look on Sherlock’s face with the letter crumpled in his hand. He had looked absolutely
Sherlock’s lips were pressed together tightly as he entered the kitchen. “That was...do you want to talk about it?”
John nudged his foot under the table. “Maybe. But you didn’t want to, so I couldn’t have forced you.”
. The intensity in his stare was almost frightening. “I don’t know how many times I’ve made it clear that women aren’t my area, but apparently that wasn’t transparent enough for you,” he pointed his finger. “So, since I need to talk to you like I talk to Rosie, I’ll break it down for you. I. Am. Gay. Do you understand now?”
“I gave you mixed signals in the past,” Sherlock said. He didn’t want John to be upset with himself. He wasn’t angry with John for what he said at all anymore. He couldn’t bring himself to.
Sherlock shook his head, his nose rubbing John’s neck and shoulder in the process. “Don’t be sorry for anything.” His voice sounded like sandpaper. He cleared his throat. “You’re the very best thing to ever happen to me.” Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s back, returning the hug, their hearts thumping together.
John came back into the room, wearing a dark blue dress shirt that complimented his eyes and dark grey trousers. He was handsome, and he was Sherlock’s. He smiled. “Ready?”
Sherlock put his hands in his coat pockets. He opened his mouth with a small intake of breath. “I’m...I’m very sorry, John,” he said softly, slowly. “I didn’t know you would get so upset.”
John poured a small amount of alcohol on a cotton ball and took Sherlock’s hand again, softly wiping at his cuts.
As John moved off Mary, Sherlock saw his hard, wet cock leave her vagina, and he felt sick and guilty. He was aware that his mouth was open and his lips were trembling, but he couldn’t move. His throat felt clogged, like bile was about to rise.
“It’s a little better than a couple nights ago, but these feel rather unpleasant,” Sherlock admitted.
“I want to do more,” he said, his voice coming out scratchier than he intended. “I want you to know you’re loved every day.”
Sherlock looked sheepishly at the gun. “I didn’t know it was you and thought it might have been an intruder.”
“And then,” John went on, his voice rising a little, “after you got upset, I came into your home and said you couldn’t be in a relationship if you tried.” He stopped rubbing his back again and moved to look up at Sherlock. “I really hurt you,” he said quietly, his face wracked with guilt.
He was right about that. Between all the crying and general emotional turmoil, John felt like he could sleep for days.
That broke John’s restraint. “Oh, no, no, no,” he soothed, and carefully pulled Sherlock up by his arms, which were relatively unscathed, so he could bring him into an upright position and hug him against his chest.
Mycroft’s face was grim, but his tone had its usual oily smugness. “Well, you’ve had a busy week, haven’t you, Dr. Watson?”
Of course he knew. “Well, I’ll lie here and relax, and if I sleep, I sleep, and if I don’t, I don’t.”
“Just shut up and have your minions help,” Sherlock growled into the phone. He had panicked when he remembered he didn’t live with him anymore, and almost slipped and fell when he ran out of the shower with wet feet. Surely not living together would be a red flag to John since they were supposed to be married. He would just have to act like John never moved out.
John was fiddling around with his medical kit, not looking at Sherlock. “They’re, er, going to question Mary. Where she got the sedative she shot into you, and all that rot.” John looked at him, eyes shining with unshed tears.
He had no idea what to say. Well, no, he had a million things to say, but he knew John wanted to hear none of them.  He had to lie. “I’m thirsty from the suffocation. Would you get me a water bottle from the machine down the hall?”
“Yeah.” He sipped his red wine. Sherlock didn’t have a glass, thinking being in less control would only make him feel worse tonight. “Hey, I’m supposed to exercise a bit. Want to walk home once we’re finished?”
But Mary couldn’t have called the cops this time. Why did she last time, though? The fact that this bullet was in the exact same shot as the last one told John that her shot wasn’t surgery before; she must have intended to kill him with both shots. Therefore, she couldn’t have called the ambulance last time. Then who could have...John’s eyes widened. Magnussen was in the room.
John smiled back because he was supposed to, but in a way he felt like a phony, because for him, Sherlock had been back for nearly a year and a half. “Yeah,” he said. “I can’t really process it all, to be honest with you. I don’t really know how to feel.”
John didn’t need clarification. He scooted closer, kissing Sherlock, the warmth of his lips and comfort of the bed causing his toes to curl and his chest to feel full. He was so tired that their kiss almost took on a dream-like quality until Sherlock pulled back.
“Okay,” he said. “I feel a little weak when I walk, but that’ll probably go away in the next day or two.” He did look better than yesterday. The color had returned to his face and his eyes were more alert.
John quickly pulled the duvet over them both and yelled over the music coming from their stereo, eyes fierce and face redder than Sherlock had ever seen, “OUT!”
“She’s asleep and won’t be picking up what we say for a good while.” Sherlock wanted him to move on, but with this new piece of information, and remembering how out of it and small Sherlock had looked in the boot of Mrs. Hudson’s car, John felt like a large hand was squeezing his heart. He brushed the curls from Sherlock’s forehead, biting the inside of his cheek hard. “I’m sorry.”
He clearly remembered his dream and didn’t want to talk about it, so John didn’t ask. He had a pretty good guess, anyway--it was probably about Mary, or what was done to him in Eastern Europe. He wished Sherlock were comfortable enough to open up to him, though.
Sherlock grinned, and the way his head was turned on the pillow made the curls around his ears push forward, looking like a dark brown, slightly frizzy halo. “Thank you, John.”
John shot up, an apology on his tongue, but stopped when he saw Sherlock’s face. His mouth was open, eyes screwed shut and eyebrows drawn together. It was...orgasmic. Wait a minute.
“Well,” she put her hands on her hips, “I hardly saw you two for days, and now I see why!” She looked like the cat that got the canary. “I was wondering how you’re doing, Sherlock, but you seem to be in excellent health thanks to you, John.”
This time, Sherlock woke up before John. He had rolled over in his sleep so that he was facing John now, their legs tangled. He blinked sleepily, eyes adjusting to the morning sunlight. John’s cheek was smushed against the pillow and his lips were slightly parted, eyes moving beneath the lids in a dream. His features were a picture of peace, and Sherlock wanted to close his eyes and shuffle closer to John. But then, Rosie’s cries from the baby monitor startled him. Sherlock sighed heavily. It was early, but letting John sleep was the least he could do. He murmured a soft
Sherlock put his face in his hands, groaning quietly. He was so stupid. On top of everything else, dragging this out was making John unhappy. He had wanted John to grow apart from Mary and choose him, but he didn’t like that their argument had upset John so much that he felt the need to leave his own home. (No. Baker Street was his home.)
Her hands balled into fists. “I never want to see you again. Get your shit out of my house as soon as possible.”
“I do,” John said quickly. “I’m not trying to imply anything. It was what my brain conjured up, though.”
“Don’t deduce me,” John scolded, feeling self-conscious in a way that hadn’t bothered him since he first moved in with Sherlock.
John wished he would cut the crap. “I think so,” he said. “It was a serious wound. It--it really should have been fatal,” he said with difficulty, “so I imagine the recovery process will be long, but he should heal.”
Realization visually dawned upon her. “That’s it. That’s why you’re breaking up with me. You want to run back to him,” her eyes shot lasers through him. "I was nothing but a replacement to you," she accused.
Sherlock was curled up in the sheets, cheeks pink, fringe a mess on his forehead, blue eyes soft and fuzzy with sleep. His face was visible only by the light from the loo they had forgotten to shut, and the clock told John it was half past two.
But, did John really have the right to be angry with her, when Sherlock trusted him much more and for much longer, and John hurt him even worse?
His cheekbone hurt and his head was swimming. It felt like waves were rolling through his stomach and he closed his eyes with a grimace.
Mary flexed her hand, her knuckles reddening, seeming annoyed that the punch hurt her hand. “I want to hurt you before I kill you. I want to rough you up, then I’ll strangle you,” she said coldly, not a trace of compassion or empathy in her voice or expression.
John was giving him a lopsided smile. “You don’t have to explain wanting to take me to bed, Sherlock.”
This felt good, it did, but not good enough. John would never get to confront the other Mary. She got away with it, forever. Forever.
“Putting on more clothes was too much effort,” he said through a mouthful of porridge. It came out casually, but John knew he was referring to the pain.
His eyes slid closed again, and he didn’t even register John’s soft, fond chuckle, “Sweet dreams, love.”
Sherlock opened the door and saw John brushing his teeth, dressed in jeans and a dark green jumper, a different outfit from last night. He must have been getting ready to leave. Sherlock thought of how they would share mornings getting ready in the bathroom together, and pushed away the memories. He grabbed his own toothbrush, squeezed out toothpaste, and started brushing his teeth, enjoying the domesticity of this small moment. Sherlock was trying not to look at John in the mirror, knowing every movement of his eyes would be seen by John.
Sherlock stood there, alone on the sidewalk, and aware that he made things significantly worse in a matter of five minutes. His hopes of proving to John that he could be in a relationship were crushed. He seriously didn’t know what to do now. John was angry with him, and Sherlock found himself angry, too. He wasn’t this morning, but then this happened. He hated feeling so much in such a short amount of time. It was exhausting. His thoughts were threatening to overwhelm him in public, so he decided to lock them away until he got back into the safety of 221B. He decided to walk home. That would take much longer than hailing a cab or taking the tube, but it wasn’t like he had anything to do now, anyway. The case was solved. He would text Lestrade later in the day. He didn’t have anyone to go home to.
Sherlock smirked. As he watched Rosie, his lips gradually pulled down into a frown, and he turned his head to John. “I can’t believe she’s a year old.”
answered another. Sherlock let out a sigh in frustration. The auditory hallucinations from the drugs were not helping.
John stood up, looked like he was about to say something, eyes filled with guilt, and then utterly deflated. He walked out of the flat, shutting the door quietly behind him.
John went into Rosie’s room and got her out of the crib, shushing her cries and changing her nappy. After he was done feeding her breakfast, he got her dressed quickly as possible. Was he a bad father for wanting to get her out of the house as soon as he could? Maybe, he didn’t know, but he couldn’t have been the only parent on the planet who wanted to get the kid out of the house for more adult activities. Would he even do that today with Sherlock? They didn’t even kiss on the lips last night, so maybe not. Whatever.
, John.” Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically, shuffling and sitting regularly on the sofa, thighs no longer straddling John. He stretched his legs out and rested his bare feet on the coffee table. His face was still red, and his chest was moving with his quick breaths.
John chewed on his bottom lip, nodding. “Could be.” He looked at Sherlock for a long moment, and Sherlock could practically see the wheels in his brain turning. John sat on the edge of the bed, placing his hand on Sherlock’s knee through the duvet. “I think you were less worried about Moriarty than you're worried about her,” he said soberly.
John placed a small kiss on his jaw. “You’ll be okay, Sherlock. Physically, like I said, it’ll all heal up, but emotionally, you will be, too. You know why?”
Also, I just wrote a story where Culverton Smith forces Sherlock to say he loves John instead of saying he doesn't want to die. It's called
John looked over his shoulder at the clock on the bedside table. “Well, I suppose we have some time. And it’s not like you take very long.”
Sherlock only had to turn his face by a hair to seal their lips together. His mouth was warm, and honestly, a little awkward--pressing a little too hard, lips clamped shut a little too tightly, but John knew, from experience, that he would catch on.
.” He should have been thrilled, completely over the moon at what Sherlock was telling him. But he wasn’t. He
John looked stricken, but he swallowed. “I--I see why you’d think I’d do that,” he conceded, having the grace to look ashamed. “But you’ve got it wrong.” The tension drained from his shoulders and he ran his hand over his tired face. “I really hurt you, didn’t I?”
After eating bacon and scrambled eggs, John rubbed his eyes and sighed. He couldn’t just stay in this suit all day, and he had to go back home--not home, but back to Mary’s flat--sometime. He didn’t know if he would break up with her today, because it might seem out of nowhere. Before Sherlock’s return, John remembered that his relationship with Mary was the best it ever was. She still didn’t fully understand him, he thought, but their relationship felt a lot less strained when Sherlock wasn’t around. Maybe she felt like Sherlock was competition for John’s attention? He didn’t know, because she acted like she liked him (other than the time she shot him, and John still felt immensely confused. If she hated him, then why did she joke and laugh with him?). But, the point was that breaking up with her now would seem really strange. Then again, he thought, did he really owe her an explanation? He really didn’t know what to do. Should he waltz into her house and announce he was breaking up with her?
“It was just you,” John shrugged at him, despite Sherlock’s closed eyes. “You were in the sitting room alone, and it was quiet. You looked upset.”
John snickered, pulling back for a second. “Did Sherlock Holmes really deny he’s good at something?”
John didn’t know what to say. Not that he was ever the most sociable person around, but these two made him feel completely inadequate. He wanted to leave, feeling as if he upset Sherlock with his news, and now he felt unwelcome with her presence taking over the entire room.
“Not really,” John squinted at him, as if trying to get a closer look at his face. “Of course you’d look the same.”
Sherlock grabbed John’s shoulders, squeezing them hard, head dropping onto one of them, as if clinging to a buoy in the rough waters of a sea. He was so bloody sensitive, and hearing the little, strained breaths coming from his mouth and feeling them puff hot onto his skin made John want to squeeze himself for some relief, but he had to take care of Sherlock right now. Sherlock’s fingernails were clawing into his skin, which was rather impressive, considering he kept them short, John thought. His back was heaving with each heavy breath, and if he weren’t busy doing other things, John would have held him.
His words wrapped around Sherlock like an embrace, and Sherlock believed him. He felt two tears drip down his cheeks after he blinked, but it was from relief now. “Okay,” he rasped.
He thought he was dreaming, his mind far too fuzzy to register much of anything beyond the feeling of arousal throbbing in his groin. John felt good--he was warm and comfortable and it felt nice rutting against...whatever this was. He groaned, half of him sleepy and half of him getting really turned on, his nipples hardening and brushing against the fabric of his T-shirt. He grunted, his nipples feeling sensitive and his cock pulsing with pleasure. He heard Sherlock’s voice.
out of you.” He felt his pulse rattle his bones. “You coughed up blood. Someone had to tell me to stop. It was because I was mad at you about Mary dying.”
he reminded himself. “You should know better,” he got back to the point. “You’re--” His lips snapped shut.
John stood up, stretching, groaning at the tightness of his muscles. “Thank you. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
John looked up at him. “It--just left me with a bad feeling. In the dream, she was cute. Really cute. Blonde hair, blue eyes, rosy cheeks--that was her name: Rosie.” He would forever be unhappy about the fact that she was named after Mary without even knowing.
Well. Now he cared that he was in his pants. John rubbed his eyes. “Christ, Sherlock, what?” He didn’t mean to sound so harsh, but what time even was it?
But, her past wasn’t John’s fault, was it? He shouldn’t feel guilty about letting the consequences of her own actions potentially catch up with her. She was an adult. She was responsible for her past.
“Daddy’s going to bring you home soon, but don’t kick Sherlock in the face in the process.” He realized he used a bit of baby talk in front of Sherlock, and felt a little odd about it.
Culverton scoffed, as if it were a ridiculous thing to say when about the face death. “Be more specific! You only get to do this once.”
John softened their kisses to a gentle caress of their lips, and he found that he, himself, was breathing rather quickly. The pad of his thumb touched Sherlock’s bare nipple, and they both gasped. It was so simple, so vanilla, but for fuck’s sake, he was touching one of the parts Sherlock kept hidden away, and going by his strangled moan, he was enjoying it. They weren’t kissing anymore, just breathing hard into each other’s open mouths. Sherlock’s eyes were shut and his brow was furrowed, almost looking pained as John rolled the hard nub between his fingers.
Lestrade answered the door in a sweatshirt and pajama pants, uncharacteristically casual (what time was it, again?). Lestrade’s brow immediately furrowed in confusion. “John?” Then, he frowned. “Jesus, are you okay? What’s the matter?”
John whipped around. “Stay out of my business. I don’t know how you heard all that--were you eavesdropping?--but I don’t want to hear anything from you.”
want to have sex with John, but there was only so much change he could handle in one day. They would talk about it later. John would want to do it eventually. Sherlock had to stop this train of thought right now because it didn’t take much for him to become aroused when it came to John.
When he imagined what it would be like to get together with Sherlock, John thought they would have been so desperate for each other that they fell into bed right away. They
“Yes!” Sherlock exclaimed, drawing a startled laugh from John. Sherlock flushed. “Well, yes, I do. I love you.”
He didn’t really know. He couldn’t talk about how things went down in the other world. “It just feels...odd. I spent so much time worrying about her, and to be told I don’t have to worry anymore makes me--I dunno. I just don’t know. It’s hard for me to let my guard down, I guess. Especially when you got so hurt.”
“Mary?” John almost sounded confused. “Oh, right. She’ll probably want to know someone sent her husband flowers.”
Something pulled John out of sleep. He sat up in bed, bleary-eyed and confused. The room was dark, the neon numbers on the clock on top of the bedside table revealing it was 4:37 in the morning. He didn’t have any nightmares, so that couldn’t have woken him up. John strained his ears. He heard something small, the slightest bit of sound. But, Sherlock was downstairs, and it wasn’t unusual for him to be moving around late at night. That was what he told himself, but his heart was pounding, dread encircling his gut.
Sherlock, aware of their fragile relationship and how John didn’t really work with him on the Culverton case as much as he had reluctantly followed him around and listened to his drug-induced ramblings, decided to bite his tongue and agree. He and John were...getting better, he thought. He was coming over to Baker Street more often with Rosie, but there were times John couldn’t look him in the eye and his posture would tense up. Sherlock thought it had to do with the unease between them since Mary’s death, and the less than favorable things that happened during the Culverton affair, but John had apologized for that, and he forgave him. He truly did. John didn’t seem to believe that, though, and was harboring guilt. Sherlock didn’t want to bring it up and upset John, so he left it alone and hoped things would get back to normal. Somehow.
John trailed his lips down his scruffy cheek and latched onto his jaw line, kissing and sucking and resisting the urge to bite hard into his pale skin. He moved his hips in a slow grind against Sherlock’s as he calmed himself down and switched to pressing sensual, unhurried kisses against the sensitive skin below his jaw. The vibration of Sherlock’s stifled moan against his lips made him throb. It had been so long since John touched anyone, and he never touched someone as sexy as he was. He was always incredibly attracted to Sherlock, enough to have been thrown into a sexuality crisis on day one. But here he was, grinding against him. John finally had him.
Sherlock made a disgusted sound and brought his legs up onto his chair, curling into a ball on his side and pulling his robe over himself like a blanket.
Neither of these memories required knowledge of Mary, per se, and since only lies had detail, he decided it was safe to tell the truth here. “I did.” It was odd having this conversation in front of a baby, but her language acquisition process was early enough that he didn’t need to worry about her retaining any of this.
“Take it easy, John,” Sherlock told him softly, still wiping at his forehead, and it felt like a caress. “You were drugged. You had just left when I heard you shout for me. Two men tried to take you away out on the pavement.”
The afterglow of sex was the main time John ever told Mary he loved her, actually. “What was I going to say, that I didn’t love you anymore?”
He couldn’t say that. Just thinking that made his vision dangerously blurry. He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t--he couldn’t look at Sherlock’s shocked face any longer. There was John’s heart, on the floor between them, and Sherlock pulled away from it. Sherlock was practically looking at his exposed heart in horror. This was why John never said anything in the other world. He--what was he going to do?
And, well, if Rosie banged on the xylophone for the next twenty minutes, that meant John picked out a good gift, right? It made her happy, and it was good to stimulate her growing brain (he was sure Sherlock would say that). He supposed the headache he got from the xylophone was worth it, if it meant she liked her first birthday presents.
He still wasn’t looking at him. “Well, you’re selling the flat and have made no move to look for a new one, so I assume you’re staying here for awhile?”
Sherlock stood up, stumbling a little as his knees shook. He bit his bottom lip hard, and his posture was as deflated as a popped balloon. “I’m still a man, John. I have wants, desires, and a past, as much as I tried to shove it all away for most of my life. I thought you were completely uninterested in me, but only interested in getting me into a heterosexual relationship. I thought you would never love me,” he nearly choked out the last two words after a pause. “So I lashed out and told you I have no interest in romance, but I do.” He swallowed. “It was a poor defense mechanism, I can recognize that, I do have some self-awareness. It was all a sham,” he admitted, the paleness on his face being replaced with scarlet. “If I couldn’t love you, then might as well have you believe I could love no one. I do feel, but only for you. I’ve always been yours. I always meant to say it.”
John was awoken by the sound of voices. He reluctantly opened his eyes, which were aching from crying and lack of sleep. He didn’t know how long he slept, but knew it couldn’t have been more than a couple hours. In a way, it felt like he hadn’t slept at all. There was no moment of grogginess where he wondered what happened. Sherlock pulling away from him was at the center of his thoughts, the frightened, light eyes burned into John’s memory. He sat up, rubbing his eye with one knuckle, and saw Lestrade standing at his front door.
John nodded, biting his lip hard, holding back a sob and trying his hardest not to let any tears escape.
John dismissed the thought and made the expression on his face as blank as possible. He didn’t feel like getting deduced by Sherlock. In any case, Sherlock didn’t hate Rosie, and John would forever be glad for that, although he can’t say her birth was exactly great for their relationship, either. He knew it wasn’t her fault, though. She needed his care, and that required John to be away from Sherlock, and that was just that. If anything, her birth only exposed how fragile their relationship truly was.
They were supposed to be together, he thought with a small sob. He loved Sherlock so much, more than he could possibly love anyone else (and, to his great shame, he would admit that included Rosie). John didn’t believe in fate or soulmates before Sherlock, but he felt like Sherlock was the missing piece he had been subconsciously searching for his whole life. He remembered the days before Sherlock’s jump, when it was just the two of them in the comfortable domesticity of 221B, solving crimes and bickering about whose turn it was to do the shopping. John’s lips began quivering and he clamped his jaw shut. Those were the best days of his life. If he had known those days wouldn’t last, then he would have savored them more, and wouldn’t have yelled at Sherlock so much for keeping toes in the fridge.
John busied himself with making tea, happy to see Sherlock in his element again. He spent the rest of the day listening to his deductions, and it felt like old times, only better.
John was a fool thinking he wouldn’t cry. He smashed their lips together, and he wasn’t sure if the wetness on his face was from his own tears or Sherlock’s. They were really breathing into each other’s mouths more than kissing, and John’s hand was shaking on Sherlock’s cheek. “I hate that you’re shocked to hear that,” John whispered against his lips. “I’m sorry you never knew how much I loved you.”
Sherlock’s eyes bore into him for a long moment. He was breathing out of his mouth again, looking sick. “I was lying,” he blurted out. “Your misunderstanding of me and Irene hurt so much that I lied to you. I snapped, but I didn’t mean it. I said it all because I thought you didn’t feel any of this,” he held up the letter. “It was so much easier to tell you I felt nothing at all than to have let you know the truth, when I thought you wanted me to be with Irene for completely different reasons.”
The dream took place in their sitting room, but it was dark, quiet, and empty, save for Sherlock. He sitting down, elbow bent and on top of the arm of his chair, hand covering his eyes. It was unnervingly quiet. Sherlock only sat in his chair, alone, face in his hand, his ratty blue dressing gown hanging loosely off his shoulders. He breathed in deeply, shakily, lower lip trembling. It sounded like he was going to cry.
But John’s brain was still floating between a dream and reality so his hips went on thrusting, his cock rubbing against something warm and firm, and he felt himself getting harder. This was nice. It would be even better if he could thrust
“She punched me in the mouth, but none of my teeth feel loose.” The top of his gum below his nose ached, though.
John shifted Rosie so her bum was against his left arm, and his right hand was steady on her back. That wasn’t the only thing that made him uncomfortable. Her whole bloody presence made his skin crawl. She made him feel inferior. He bit the inside of his cheek, not knowing what to say. While spending a moment in thought, he remembered how Sherlock stumbled when he tried to get out of his chair.
“I know what you meant.” He pushed down the sheets and sat on top of the blankets. His heart’s beats were so hard they were painful. “You really love me?”
John walked over to his old cane, unscrewed the handle, and found the recording device. “Am I that predictable?” he asked.
“She was pleased when the screaming stopped,” Sherlock said, a tiny bit of humor coming into his voice.
“I did, too,” John grinned. He was a little dazed by how good it felt. It was certainly a stress-reliever. He yawned, scratching his chest.
“I’m not leaving you in here,” John sighed. He was exhausted, but too mentally wound up to close his eyes. A part of him still wanted time to himself to think, but that felt out of the question.
He must have missed the entire conversation, though, because Lestrade was standing up. “Well, I’ll get out of your hair,” he handed Rosie to John. “It’s getting late and I know you’re still recovering.”
“Hey, look,” John pointed at the television, smirking, “it’s a man who’s a master at his craft yelling at people for being incompetent; it’s right up your alley!”
Sherlock gave him a long blink, like a cat. “You said you’re breaking up with Mary,” he said. “So you’ll have to find somewhere to live.”
“I don’t know why you did it,” John said, stunned, trying not to react. He was angry at himself, too, for not putting this together sooner. “I really don’t.”
His throat was tight, and it was so hard to believe that he felt insecure. “Are--” his voice came out in a sob, and he wanted to scream at himself for being so pathetic. “Are you just saying that?”
John turned his head and kissed one of his palms. “Then it’s fine, and like I said, sex is about doing what feels right and natural. It feels better that way. Look at what we just did. That wasn’t planned, but it still felt good, right?”
, and never apologized for it. Even with a bullet in her chest, she only told Sherlock that they were even.
Fair question. Sherlock pressed his lips together, folding his hands on his lap. “I didn’t realize what I had until it was gone.” He remembered how much John’s wedding hurt, how he went to home and cried himself to sleep. He had felt utterly hollow and alone.
“Really,” John said softly. His eyes traveled down to his lips, but then he looked back up at Sherlock. “I only wish, the first time I heard you say that, it had been for a different reason, and it had been to me,” he said sadly, hand sliding down Sherlock’s arm and resting on top of his hand.
he felt eyes on him. He paused his reading, looking up and finding John staring at him from his armchair. They hadn’t spoken in awhile. Actually, Sherlock lost track of time reading. Rosie was blinking slowly, her weight warm and a little heavier than usual against his chest. He realized he was boring her to sleep. Oops. “Yes?” he asked lightly.
John cupped Sherlock’s jaw. “Stop overthinking it. The Moriarty bullshit was a bad situation, but it’s over. And, you’re right. There’s really no way to know how we would have acted if we’d gotten together then. But, we’re both definitely read now, right?”
John saw the moment the morphine clouded Sherlock’s light eyes. He tried to speak again, but his eyes slid closed against his will, and he was still again.
Sherlock didn’t love her. His heart only had room for one person, and he didn’t think he could love a person who purposefully manipulated him the way she did. The point was that Sherlock didn’t know why John responded the way he did. That was another thing he felt: confusion. How did John change from thinking he had been in love, to thinking he couldn’t be in a relationship? Did the Janine incident get to him that much?
John laughed, relieved for the change in mood. “Poor woman. You must have nearly given her a heart attack.” He reached around again to wrap the gauze securely around Sherlock, his face close to the back of Sherlock’s head, the curls by his ear almost brushing John’s face.
“I'm sorry,” Sherlock said again, and this time, his voice wobbled. “That was uncalled for and I hurt you.” John heard him swallow. “Please, John, I'm sorry.” He sounded like he was on the verge of tears.
He was the biggest fucking moron on the planet. He saw what he wanted to see with Sherlock. He didn’t love John, not that way. He was just being a good friend, apparently. It was all there, but his stupid fucking heart wouldn’t listen to his head, and there was no going back now. His nightmare came true. Sherlock didn’t want him.
But he had to act naturally. “Sorry, my head was somewhere else,” he muttered, voice gruff from sleep and crying. “I’m at Baker Street.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and kissed his chin. “You’re ridiculous.” He sighed, a dreamy tone in his voice. “You’re lucky I love you.”
John looked at the clock. 4:27. Did they really sit in silence all that time? “You took it about an hour ago?”
“It’s late,” John murmured, “or, rather, extremely early. You’re home and you should rest. You need to heal.”
s leaving his lips. John was so hard it hurt, his own cock dripping with pre-come in his pants. His bollocks were aching. Since when did he have no self-control?
A small sound came from Sherlock’s throat without his consent, and John stood up and wrapped his arms around his shoulders. He tangled one of his hands in Sherlock’s curls, letting out a trembling breath. “I love you, too,” he whispered into Sherlock’s ear.
with his girlfriends at their homes instead of 221B. He always knew he wouldn’t be able to see John that way with someone else. With self-pity, he thought of John kissing Mary tenderly, slowly undressing her, showering her with the affection Sherlock craved so very much. He shuddered. He imagined John adoring his body more times than he’d like to admit. The image of John naked flashed in his mind, and he growled in frustration when he felt his cock twitch. Was he that desperate that walking in on his best friend and his wife aroused him? Well, no, Mary had nothing to do with it. He grimaced when he remembered her naked body. It wasn’t her fault, of course. He was the one who barged in. But, he could have gone his whole damned life without seeing her genitalia.
Sherlock did, pants down around his thighs, and they stared at John’s hand wrapped around his long, hard cock. He was already leaking. John circled his wet tip with his thumb, hardly believing this was happening.
He had to focus. This was important. His tears were subsiding. “I didn’t want to ruin things,” he said gruffly. “We just started getting back to normal.”
sound and removed her hand. His hand looked gigantic compared to hers. “Now, now, you know that isn’t nice,” he reprimanded. “Your daddy wouldn’t like that.”
“What, that I find your intelligence attractive? I do, I do.” John had the urge to press his body against Sherlock’s. He held it back. “But come on, you’d play up your looks to get information out of clients on cases, or get Molly to do something for you. You should stop doing that, by the way.”
He sat there on the toilet seat fully clothed, face wet and red and puffy, bile sloshing around in his stomach, skin broken out in goosebumps. What was he going to do? What
“No, of course not. Hypothetically, if that were to happen, and I pushed you away, how would you react?”
They bid each other goodnight after John got the charger, and he went back upstairs to his old room. It felt strange, because even though he would work late-night cases with Sherlock in his timeline, he rarely slept in this room after he moved out, and he never slept in this room while wearing a bloody suit. Regardless, John climbed under the covers, not caring about the dust. He felt exhausted after the strangest and some of the most emotionally vexing hours of his life, and he figured this would be the ultimate test: sleeping. If this really was all in his head, then he shouldn’t be able to wake up in this universe.
Judging by the way John’s tongue darted out and wetted his bottom lip like a caress, he felt the same way.
at you, and it’s going to come out every now and again, but I could never hate you, Sherlock.”  John looked at their joined hands on the table, eyes tracing the new scars peeking out from the sleeves on Sherlock’s wrists.  He kept his grip gentle; the missing fingernails were just starting to grow back.
Sherlock scanned the room again, then set his intense gaze on John.  He felt like Sherlock could see right through him, past all his insecurities and fears, past his own burned-out heart.
John let loose a string of expletives in a particularly colorful combination that Sherlock had never even heard before. He took a moment to study John’s face, a subject he found endlessly fascinating, especially when John was infuriated like this. The wind was whipping his hair into his eyes, longer than he usually kept it, but Sherlock supposed that a recent widower would hardly have the time to find a decent barber when juggling the demands of long hours at work and tending to an infant. His eyes were flashing, the cobalt blue vibrant against the gray background of cloud cover behind them; his mouth was parted as he continued to pant in loud gasps, and every muscle and sinew in John’s body was tense, like a violin string ready to snap. John was definitely angry, and he looked
He chose Mary.  Not Sherlock.  He had to.  But Mary had always been John’s second choice, what he knew he should want, when who he really wanted had fallen off the roof of St. Bart’s.
Sherlock considered the Wednesday he slipped promethazine into John’s tea as a failed experiment that didn’t bear repeating. The man didn’t even wake up until Thursday midmorning.
The commotion grew louder and more agitated, piquing Sherlock’s curiosity.  If it was one of Mycroft’s men, he’d have to run.  He leaned his head forward between the boxes and detritus, observing and deducing as always.
He knew it when he spent hours staring at the SIG he wasn’t supposed to have in a city that had no use for someone who could be neither a soldier or a surgeon.  John had sacrificed everything, and had nothing to show for it.  What was the point if only emptiness remained?
, as if his body rebelled at physical stagnation as much as his mind rebelled at the mental variety.  Even when he was in his mind palace, Sherlock’s eyes moved to and fro, visualizing who-knows-what in that great brain.  Hell, even when Sherlock was lethargic from boredom and was determined to remain a permanent lump on the sofa, he couldn't remain still.  He would wriggle his toes into the cushions, or burrow his face into the crook of the armrest.  Even asleep, he would twitch and all manner of expressions would cross his face, too fleeting for John to identify, but he could watch the man sleep for hours and never be bored.
“Hmm.”  Sherlock sipped gingerly from his tea.  “I spent hours walking around London, updating the maps in my Mind Palace.”
“How did you…?” John began. Then he snorted in weak disbelief. “You know what, never mind. Yeah, Molly called me. Told me that she followed you up here.”
His eyes filled with tears, and he let them fall. He needed Sherlock to see them. He didn’t have any words to say, but maybe his tears could say what he couldn’t. Maybe Sherlock would see them and understand.
The man turned towards him, eyes wide in surprise and hands up in defense.  Despite being caught off-guard, his jaw was still set, and his shoulders square.  He was startled, but not afraid.
The quote at the start of the story is taken from chapter 18, verse 47 of the Bhagavad Gita, for those who want to know.
Not that it mattered - the only one who could see it was laying still and unconscious three feet away.
John held the gleaming metal now, watching the light glint off the smooth surface.  He wasn’t sure why he kept it, bereft of its distinguishing feature as it was, but he couldn’t just have it melted down, or sold off as scrap.  It wasn’t just a piece of their shared past, a symbol of simpler times when the scents of takeaway and illicit cigarette smoke mingled in the air with breathless laughter.
“John, I won’t apologize for doing what needed to be done.  Don’t you think that if there was any way out
He pulled his stolen anorak more tightly around his chest, burrowing his head deeper into its hood, causing greasy, lank curls to fall into his eyes.  He wondered briefly if he should conduct an experiment in the heat retention properties of dirt and grime before dismissing the idea as having little merit when shivering in the forgotten back alleys of London.
If bravery was, by far, the kindest term for stupidity, then this soldier found a way to make stupidity look good.
“I was young, and foolish, and worked for Mycroft once, being recruited for the SIS when I was sixteen. But the work was tedious, so after I started using cocaine to alleviate the boredom, Mycroft arranged it so that I could leave.”
I had intended to wait for Valentine's Day for this one, but I'm impatient, and it's been burning a hole in my brain forever, and apparently I'm crap at telling myself 'no'.
“This doesn’t fix things, Sherlock,” he warned, “but I don’t want to give up on us before we give ourselves a chance.”
His eyes searched for the source of the voice amid the darkness, and Sherlock held out the whiskey bottle in silent offering.
John knew not to expect any Hollywood endings, that Sherlock’s eyes wouldn’t flutter open at his words, no matter how heartfelt.  But he waited anyway, because if any human could grant John one more miracle, Sherlock proved it would be him.
“My cover was blown, but I wasn’t finished with the work yet. I had no choice but to continue, or those I love would never be safe.” Sherlock’s eyes grew haunted, his voice subdued and almost carried away by the wind. John had to strain to hear him. “I had resolved that I would most likely not survive my mission.” Sherlock gave John a sad smile. “I felt grateful, you know? That you had already mourned me. That if I died for real, it wouldn’t matter.”
Sherlock kept talking. His voice was getting hoarse, his throat dry, but it was as though a dam had been broken, and the words he never wanted to say never stopped pouring out.
“It’s not even you I’m pissed at, not really.  You were a victim, too.  More than we were, I think.  You just did a thorough job making sure there was no one left to yell at.  It isn’t fair, and I’ll try to do better.”
“But for how long?”  John breathed. “How do you face every day after what happened and just, go on?”
He’s not supposed to be still.  It was eerie to see him just….laying there.  Sherlock was always fidgeting, always
Sherlock wondered how Molly could have followed him without him realizing it, but he was distracted, after all. He supposed anything was possible. Molly was one of two people who could surprise Sherlock. The other was John.
John had expected Sherlock’s expression to go blank, prepared for the rapid blinking and stilted confirmation, but instead, Sherlock smiled, a sad, small smile, but a smile nonetheless.
A violent shudder rocked his thin frame as he huddled deeper into the threadbare blanket, tucking his knees to his chest to conserve what meager warmth he could.  It was bitterly cold out, and the threat of a snow storm hung heavily in the air, waiting for the wrong opportunity to blanket the streets in ice and snow.  Sherlock was grateful for the whiskey bottle nearby - it would give at least the illusion of warmth, as long as he wasn’t wasteful.  A few of the others down the alley set some garbage alight and had gathered around the surprisingly cheerful blaze; he supposed he could trade his remaining whiskey for a chance to warm his hands for a bit, but for the moment, he valued solitude over warmth.
Later, when plush lips made sweet with plum sauce and desire crashed into his own, John knew that his secret was safe.
like they were, yeah? I know what you did, and why you did it, but I just need time.  To process this.  To process you being back.  Because it’s like I got my fucking miracle and I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop -”
“Wrong? How am I wrong, Doctor?” Sherlock growled, his expression hurt and angry in the twilight. “You did exactly what I had hoped you would do. You moved on, forged a life for yourself. You had a chance to finally be happy, John. All you needed was me out of the way.”
Sherlock supposed that playing the violin at all hours or occasional bouts of silence weren’t quite the worst of his habits, but one could hardly blame him for being circumspect in his shortcomings. He’d been prepared to dismiss John as another dull friend of … Mark’s? Mitchell’s?
“And bounced off some bloke’s head.”  John giggled at the memory.  “We tried so hard not to laugh, and you slouched down into your coat hoping he wouldn’t notice you.”
Sherlock nodded. “Imagine my horror when you got out of that cab. If you were here, then your sniper would be, too. If that sniper targeting you did not see me die, you would die in the street in front of me.”
Although he’d never admit as much out loud, Sherlock considered this battle with John’s allergies as one of his rare losses. There was simply nothing to be done for it, and, he supposed, if John could tolerate thumbs in the crisper and eyeballs in the microwave, then he could tolerate John’s adenoid clangor. It became comforting, in a way. Sherlock bearing witness to John’s vigorous nose-blowing meant that they were home, far away from snipers and semtex vests and psychotic consulting criminals with a penchant for darkened swimming pools.
“I just came up here to think, John. I didn’t realize Molly would call you and tell you where I was.”
“I got reckless,” he said, quietly. He shivered into his coat. “I grew sloppy, and I was captured by an obscure branch of Moriarty's cells in Serbia. The last one. They were trafficking stolen weapons and heroin, of all things. They almost weren’t worth it, the risk to you was miniscule, but it was still there. I had to eliminate it.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, eyes thoughtful and contemplative. He didn’t remove his hands from John’s grip, however. He had a chance with John, if he chose to take it. After everything, there was still a chance. Sherlock wanted to feel hopeful, wanted just this once to embrace the sentiment, full-stop. His mind was already made up even before he could contemplate the alternatives, and he found that he didn’t care. He would take this risk.
“I acquired a taste for it in Hong Kong.”  His lips quirked up in a brief smile.  “The food is quite different there.”  He paused, casting a glance up to John’s face, uncertain if he should continue this line of conversation.
was his wife, not the cheeky nurse who baked her own bread and refused to wear her glasses because she thought they made her look old (which they did, to be fair).  Did she even need the damn glasses?  No, not if she could make
John flexed his fingers and clenched his jaw, drawing a steadying breath through his nose.  Was he always an open book to Sherlock?  Was there any part of John that was private, that wasn’t exposed like a raw nerve?
“I helped an acquaintance of mine avoid a murder charge by proving that he was in another part of town housebreaking at the time of the murder.  He’s seen to it to provide a free meal when I show up in some misplaced sense of gratitude, and on bad weather nights, a room to sleep in.”
John shifted a bit and shrugged his shoulders.  “Can’t afford anywhere decent on an army pension.  Had a bedsit once, but I hated it.  Figured even homelessness would be better than that dingy place.”  He sniffled and glanced around, huffing a low laugh, his eyes landing on Sherlock’s again.
Every morning, sometimes mere minutes after Sherlock had finally fallen asleep, he would startle awake to witness what had to be a record-breaking marathon in nose-blowing. The first time it happened, Sherlock dreamt that a mad elephant had somehow broken into Baker Street and was in the process of murdering John with a duck playing a trumpet, and had fallen out of bed in his haste to witness the spectacle for himself. He burst into the loo ready to rescue his flatmate - certainly not to witness how a duck could be used as a murder weapon by a two-ton mammal without any hands - only to find John by himself and staring back at Sherlock through the mirror, red eyes wide with surprise at his abrupt entry.
“It was a long time before I could come back here, you know,” John continued, staring straight ahead. He swallowed. “I used to see your blood on the pavement, even when there was nothing there. I would imagine it in the cracks, and was terrified that every time it rained, the last bits of you would be washed away.”
John chuckled a bit, too, no doubt remembering the look on Mycroft’s face when one punch from John Watson dropped him like a stone. The mirthful moment was all too brief, and John watched the smile fade from Sherlock's face as he continued.
. To be fair, Sherlock not only had no intention of jumping, he also had no intention of letting anyone find him here. He took it as an indicator of just how poorly he was doing these days, that he allowed the situation to spiral so far out of control already. All he’d wanted was some quiet and a damned cigarette!
He stared down at the velvet box in his hands, a slight smile tugging at his lips as he remembered the look on Sherlock’s face when the client made a show of presenting the box to him, cameras flashing and reporters murmuring about the Reichenbach Hero.
John watched as Sherlock’s gaze turned feral. His cerulean eyes narrowed, his lips parted and he bared his teeth. John had seen that look, once, when Sherlock tossed the American out the window for harming Mrs. Hudson, during the case with Irene Adler. It was terrifying to be on the receiving end of that look.
With a snarl, Sherlock tore away from John, and braced himself for John’s attack. If there was one thing he was more tired of than pitying looks from his minders, it was John’s need to beat him. He could understand John’s reaction when he interrupted his proposal dinner at the Landmark with a fake accent and drawn-on mustache - it was actually the kind of reception he expected, though he had hoped for a different kind of reunion. He even understood why John beat him so viciously at the morgue. Sherlock knew he deserved it for failing John and allowing Mary to die. He expected violence from John; it was in his nature. But now?
“How is that?”  He nodded toward the tea in Sherlock’s hand.  He set the cup down and wrapped his hands around the surface, still staring into the cup as if he were reading the leaves.
“Your posture fairly screams ‘military’, and you’ve had a military haircut before, but it’s grown out since then.  I could see by the firelight that your face is tan, but when you held up your hands, I could see that your wrists are not, so you’ve been abroad, but haven’t been sunbathing.   Your limp is pronounced when you walk, but during the argument, you stood with ease and held your cane in your hand as a weapon as though you had forgotten it was meant to help you walk, which says your limp is, at least in part, psychosomatic, so the injury most likely happened under traumatic circumstances.   Balance of probability says you were wounded in action, if the injury was of traumatic origin.  So, where would a soldier spend time in the sun and be wounded in action?  Afghanistan, or Iraq.”
All of John’s choices led him here to this moment, he knew that.  His first response was anger, always anger.  Learned it from his dad, he supposed, anger and blame.  But John was a better man, in far better company than he deserved to be, and he knew where the blame really belonged, who should bear the brunt of his anger.
John raised an eyebrow and cocked his head to the side in mock contemplation.  “Are you asking me on a date? Because if you are, I’m starving.”
“My treatment at the hands of the Serbians was...less than hospitable. They knew I was a spy, they had been warned of my arrival, and knew I was a potentially high value target, but had no idea who I was working for or what I was after. Thankfully, they never associated me with whomever was responsible for bringing down Moriarty's web.”
The two men sat in pensive silence for several minutes, each man wrapped in a cloak of their own dark thoughts. Sherlock imagined that the weight of all their unspoken words sank between them like pavestones, rising like a dividing wedge, leading them to their own appointment in Samarra. He supposed it was inevitable, in a way. Their fate was sealed the moment he caught Moriarty’s attention. He wondered if he should have shot the semtex vest in the pool that night, when he discovered that John was the fifth pip. When he realized he loved him. It wouldn’t have made much difference in the end, losing John then versus losing him now. But John was never Sherlock’s to lose, and he had Rosie now. Contemplating their mutual demise even as a mental exercise was probably a Bit Not Good.
“Of course I did,” John replied, his voice harsh and rough. He shook his head, clinching his hand into a fist at his thigh. “I wondered every damn night, what I could have said or done to save you.” He gave a self-deprecating laugh, mouth twisting in a sneer at himself. “Every day I’d hear you, you know. Calling me an idiot for living an empty life in an empty flat, waiting for the right moment to empty my gun. Shows how big a fool I was.”
Sherlock once described his mind as a rocket tearing itself to pieces on the launch pad, and he wasn’t wrong, but he wasn’t entirely forthcoming either.  After a long time of missing the blatantly obvious, John realized that the man felt, keenly and deeply, and that he wielded his amazing mind like a weapon to protect his heart.
Sherlock smiled at John, a warm thing that reminded John of happier, more carefree times.  “Your hand didn’t twitch, I disarmed you.  And he wouldn’t have realized it was us if you weren’t giggling like a teenage girl.”
“No, Sherlock-” John got up onto his knees and crawled in front of Sherlock, hands holding the brunet’s shoulders as cobalt eyes bore into cerulean ones. He took a deep breath. Sherlock had been honest with him, it was time for him to be honest in kind.
, Sherlock was free to express himself as he wished, and John burned with the jealousy of it.  He could never allow a slip of his own control like that, so instead he imagined himself as a buffer between Sherlock’s abrasiveness and the confusing and conflicting world full of decorum and
He realized it when he left a boy in stitches for teasing his sister to tears. John had been made to apologize, but he did it with a tight smile and a low voice that said “sorry”, but really meant “Next time, I’ll do worse”.  He hid that part of himself behind a rakish smile and an easy laugh, but no one teased Harry in John’s presence after that.
When John left the police standing around the body of a man he had put there for Sherlock Holmes, he tried again to hide himself behind cuddly jumpers and a charming smile, but cerulean eyes laid bare John’s secret, and answered with a madness of their own.
Sherlock hadn’t bothered looking for a flatmate before John. He knew he needed one, but everyone was so dull, dull,
Yes, the man was a bit public school and posh as fuck, but Sherlock was an event horizon that John couldn’t escape any more than he could have escaped the insurgent’s bullet that got him here in the first place. He was
Before, Sherlock would have chosen a table with a view out of the window, often seating himself in plain sight.  The ‘old’ Sherlock would have been scrolling through his phone, scanning for a new case, or perhaps deducing passers-by as he drummed his fingers in a staccato rhythm.  The world never moved fast enough for Sherlock, who was always five steps ahead of everyone else.
Thankfully, he hardly had time to emerge from the shadows concealing his hiding place before the man raised his hands in placating surrender, and backed away from the fire.   The other four stood their ground, glaring after the soldier as he limped away.  He would pass right by Sherlock’s location, and suddenly, Sherlock
John something, but at the time, he merely accepted the box with a nod and a comment about making tea, and the moment was all but forgotten.
“They were not as cruel as they could have been,” Sherlock mused, “though they certainly were inventive. It seems their focus was on causing pain and humiliation rather than a more permanent arrangement.”
Sherlock drew himself to his full height as he stared down the stricken doctor. “You were less than receptive to my presence, John,” he rebuked. “My only concern was for your safety. Don’t you see? Moriarty had contingencies for his contingencies, and his network was massive! He wasn’t a spider - he was a hydra! For every sniper I eliminated, another would step up to fulfil the contract. They were standing orders, John! If at any point, I missed one link in the chain, you were at risk. To ensure your safety, you had to be seen to grieve, to convince the world that Sherlock Holmes was dead. I couldn't stop until I had destroyed the entirety of Moriarty's network!
John licked his lips and swallowed, aware of his nervous tells and unable to stop himself.  He didn’t want stilted conversation and awkward silences, but what else was there for two broken men?
“You never did tell me why you did it, you know."  John cast a furtive glance at Sherlock before returning to the London skyline. “Why you jumped off this roof.”
Thanks go to Ariane DeVere, whose transcripts were instrumental in saving me from rewatching the episodes, and getting sidetracked (again) into a Sherlock marathon instead of writing like I should be doing.
