“Hasn’t stopped you yet.”
there before the pain itself showed mercy and made him pass out.
Tony blinked furiously against the sudden welling of tears; all throughout the funeral and other proceedings, he'd managed not to cry, too conscious of all the eyes of the public on him, waiting for a misstep. It was embarrassing but not unexpected that he'd break down now, with Jarvis, who'd always been there for him. Who never tried to be his father, never tried to take Howard or Maria's place, but still managed to feel like a
“I noticed that.” Steve winces apologetically. “I think it’s supposed to be gold.”
Like he had been summoned by Steve’s thoughts, Tony nudged open the bedroom door and stuck his head inside. Finding Steve, he stepped the rest of the way in and closed the door behind him, and padded over to sit on the bed next to Steve.
A cheer sounded through the assembled crowd in response to the words, and Hyperion flashed a broad white smile at the camera before the screen changed back to J. Jonah Jameson’s mustachioed face.
“I’ve got this,” Thor and the Hulk said in unison.
By the time the movie's protagonist stuffed a dead terrorist into an elevator, Natasha had abandoned the couch and wandered over to help Steve in hanging the ornaments. Clint joined in shortly thereafter, and admittedly none of them paid very much attention to the rest of the film as they got absorbed in the tree.
“What is it?” Steve asked.
"Morning." Anthony has a smile on his face that, given it's a face very similar to his own, Tony can readily identify as
" Here, the A.I. paused, before replaying a recording of Tony's voice as he quoted: "
By the time Steve works up the nerve to say something, Tony has fallen fast asleep.
Tony wasn't nearly as careful with Steve's shirt as he grabbed a fistful of it in his hand and tugged Steve down for a kiss.
he thought they should do once they made it to a proper bed, and Tony came with a choked-off noise that was clearly meant to be louder and had just barely been restrained. Steve made a fleeting mental note to work on that next time, before he followed Tony into climax with a few more erratic thrusts, spilling messily between Tony's thighs.
They stopped an experimental missile from being launched at the United States. This same day, Dr. Arnim Zola was brought in, and is likely even now in General Fury's custody, with the attempt being made to wear him down, to turn him to help the Allied cause.
Steve leans in to the touch, slides right off the bed in order to practically sit on Tony's lap. He hugs Tony tightly, fiercely, as the violent sobs begin to wrack his body, drawing ragged cries from his throat.
“Is perfectly
Natasha mumbled something in Russian that was obscured by an undignified slurp of coffee.
trousers down. Steve bent over Tony and rubbed his own erection against Tony's still clothed ass, leaving a trail of precome on the expensive fabric.
Steve was kind enough to right Tony's clothes and prop him up against the cabinets before he got up to clean himself off. When Steve was finished, he offered Tony a hand up, and didn't complain when Tony leaned half against Steve, half against the counter.
," Steve says. "And a little footage from the field, but ... this is even more amazing in person."
Tony blinked rapidly, a stunned expression on his face. It was the kind of look that, under other circumstances, might have had Steve reaching for his phone’s camera, to mark the occasion where he rendered Tony Stark speechless.
Steve leaned down and kissed him. "Good. You should get under the covers now, before you catch cold."
Tony snorted.
"Yeah," Iron Man said, waving off the concern. "The armor's fine. It's just the operator who's a little banged up."
Namor stiffens, but doesn't respond.
Tony still looked wary, but he nodded. “Okay. Calm and rational, I’m your man.”
"And," Steve went on seriously, "I certainly hope you're not attracted to Crossbones."
Steve shook his head a little, and reached out to stroke his hand down Tony's back again.
“The Squadron flipped reality,” Steve said firmly.
Tony looked reluctant, but he fished out his keyring and handed it to Natasha. "Just don't steal any of my stuff."
Tony was the one who ran from the responsibility of the Avengers last time, ultimately dissolving the team. When the Avengers went away, so had the casual, friends with benefits, relationship Tony and Steve had indulged in while sharing close quarters in the mansion. Apparently Tony's promise to lead the team again was enough for Steve, though; he had moved right in to the tower with enthusiasm, and picked up a routine in the last few days that was remarkably similar to how life had been in the mansion.
Natasha and Steve were watching Tony as he spoke, but neither of them interrupted. He took a breath and went on.
Tony laughs, soft and more carefree than he's sounded since Steve's arrival in Madripoor. "Don't," he says. "I want to come inside you."
In what he felt was a strange twist, Tony woke up first. He would have thought Steve might wake easily, but Steve remained soundly asleep as Tony slipped out of bed - or he was just really good at pretending. Tony peeked through a few of Steve's dresser drawers - as Steve didn't seem like the type of guy who would mind, and they had already gotten pretty up close and personal - and helped himself to a pair of drawstring pajama bottoms that were a bit too long, but fit well enough otherwise, and a t-shirt that wasn't as oversized as it logically should have been, lending Tony thoughts of Steve's well-muscled torso stretching the seams.
The moment could have - probably should have - become awkward from there, but Steve was smiling, awash with the afterglow even if they weren't exactly lingering in a place where they could settle in for pillow talk and a cuddle.
Steve offered him a tired look, but there was something a little bit wry in it. “Honestly? I’m a little surprised by that, too.”
"It wouldn't be like this," he says raggedly. "If I went back with you."
"Do I need to have my clothes off to cuddle?" Steve asked, raising his eyebrows. He looked like he was trying hard not to smile.
is going to come back with a pint of mint chocolate chip ...”
"Like what you see?" he asked.
Tony pretended to think about it for a second. "Yes," he said, tugging the shirt up and, with Steve's assistance, over Steve's head. Tony hissed when raising his arms aggravated his muscle aches, and Steve laughed quietly.
Tony found Director Fury to be the same charming gentleman he had been several years before. The head of SHIELD was unhappy that their timeline had been accelerated thanks to Stane's apparent desire to see Tony killed, while at the same time he seemed pleased that his people had moved things along so quickly.
"He's being interrogated right now," she answered. "But just from running his prints, it looks like he's an employee of Geffen-Meyer, which is a security company ... remember that shell corporation of Stark Industries I was telling you about? He was probably hired by Stane to watch Stark - and eliminate him once they detected SHIELD sniffing around."
. At least, Iron Man was real, and there was a real person who had invented the armor and who piloted it now.
While the bacon began to sizzle on the stove, Steve casually noted, "I'm going over to Tony's today."
Steve crumples the note in his hand and tries to concentrate on the sound of crinkling paper, not on the sick feeling churning in his stomach. He just watched a man die - he spent half an hour in the first public washroom he could find trying to wash the blood off his hands before he came back to the hotel - and can't help drawing a correlation between Tony's absence and the conversation of the Hydra agents.
Tony pulls away after a long moment, and lowers his arms from around Steve's neck.
“Tell you what,” Tony says. “I think I heard the boys saying something about going out tonight ... how about we skip the revelry, stay in, and have a look at it together this evening?”
"After two years, I'm not sure I was entirely prepared," Steve says, grinning up at Tony. It's impossible not to feel elated right now, awash with the afterglow.
Tony made a small, impressed noise. "So what's it like, being in the Brave New World?"
Steve sighed, a full-body motion that set the ice rattling in the glass he held. “It’s nothing in particular. Just a long ... however long that actually was.”
Tony stood up and shoved his hands into his pockets as he turned to face Steve. "I told him."
Steve glances around them, and furrows his eyebrows. "Not here."
On the last night of their journey - it will only be a few hours before they set off in the submersible - Namor joins Steve at the aft railing, leaning there as he lights his pipe.
Tony blinked. “Well, I didn’t think you just woke up at … 3 am, with a burning need to wash your linens, Steven.” He waved at the door. “I can go.”
Pepper sighs. "I'd like to think that, Steve. I really would. But would it kill him to drop us a postcard?"
Steve didn’t say anything for a moment, and Tony looked up to see a blush spreading across Steve’s cheekbones.
“And you had superpowers,” Tony said slowly, handing back the photo. “How are you - I mean, you look really good for your age.”
new, and certainly lends a creepy science fiction element to the situation.
"What do I do now, Jarvis?" Tony asked, his voice breaking on the whispered question.
"I think I missed something," Steve said honestly, once he had the door shut behind him.
. “I need about ten hot showers before I’ll feel human again, Tony - and ten more before I’ll feel up to fooling around.”
"Oh," Steve said, a smile blossoming. "Then I can give you your present in person."
Tony tips his head down and presses a kiss to Steve's hair. "Mmhm."
Tony turns to look at him.
“Only one way to find out,” Tony said. “Get that stone from Spectrum. Who’s in?”
"The same."
"You don't have to apologize to me," Steve said. "I'm just glad we're on the same page now."
"I'm always prepared, in case of emergency." Tony opens his shirt and tugs a pair of wires free from the repulsor pump.
"Sounds about right," Anthony says.
"The Avengers," Tony says. "Iron Man, Cap - Commander Rogers, Thor, and a Banner who hadn't Hulked out yet?"
He glances down at himself; the new uniform is a darker and more stylized interpretation of the getup he'd worn during the war, in a shade of deep blue with brushed silver accents on the armor, and brown boots and fingerless gloves. At least he doesn't look like a walking flag, and there's no winged cowl to go along with it; Steve supposes it's better suited to his new position.
"You are such a spoilsport," Tony said, rolling his eyes. "We even had these dry cleaned before we put them on."
Steve says nothing; refuses to take the bait.
"... and handsome," Tony finishes, smiling cheekily. "What? It's not my fault they gave you your own theme song."
Trips to the moon were becoming just another day for the Avengers, and after the team had a moment to rest, clustered around the kitchen table, one by one they began to stagger off for their own post-mission rituals. Tony stowed the armor in his workshop and helped himself to a nice and long shower, letting the hot water soothe the aches and pains of the day. It was late by the time he finished, so he didn’t bother getting dressed in anything fancier than a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt, before setting off downstairs to find Steve.
, of all things, just a soft puff of breath between kisses, and was encouraged to repeat that move on the other side.
Tony raised his glass in offer of a toast; Steve lightly clinked his against it, and together they sipped their champagne, while the music came back up and noisemakers continued to go off all around them.
“And the authorities wouldn’t help?” Steve asked, his brows knitting in concern.
Steve pushes the newspaper aside when their waitress returns with their customary cups of coffee and large slices of pie.
"We miss you," Steve says softly. "The whole family."
"That is so gorgeous it's unfair," Anthony says after a beat, fascinated as he watches Steve.
While some history program droned on in the background, Steve ate his cereal and tooled around on his cell phone, which was a bad habit he had come to adopt in the twenty-first century that seemed easily forgiven because everyone around him seemed to do it, too.
Steve coughed again, this time loudly enough to break Tony away from his tangent. "Um."
Iron Man being a woman, and
Tony led the way to the elevator, and Steve settled in behind him, studying their reflections in the shiny chrome of the elevator doors. Steve put his arms around Tony's waist and drew him in close, resting his chin on Tony's shoulder.
shield, the vibranium sang in his hands and, to some extent, nearly seemed to do the work for him as he swung out and connected with sphere after sphere in the training simulation. Tony’s reflexes were still finely tuned after years of being Iron Man, and having Captain America on the sidelines of the training room cheering him on certainly didn’t hurt matters. Steve not only had encouragement down pat, but Tony was equally motivated by the desire to not make a fool of himself in front of Cap, even after all this time.
Clint came into the kitchen just in time for breakfast, but conversation around the table was sparse with two of the three hungover and the other preoccupied. Steve was accustomed to such a meal after having enough like it with the Howling Commandos back during the war, and equally aware that like the soldiers, Clint and Natasha no doubt would be able to throw off the debilitating trappings of their hangovers if the situation called for it. Steve didn't really understand what it was like, but figured maybe if you didn't
"Well," Tony said. "You were right. But you had one thing going for you." He reached back and picked up a mug from his desk; it was molded in the shape of a very cartoonish version of ... Steve's head. Captain America's head. It was sort of disturbing, actually.
part of things," Tony said.
May rolled her eyes and got to her feet while Tony spluttered about her identity. A near swarm of agents had flooded across the yard in the last few seconds, with more still running in from the house; from his place on the ground, Steve watched as his assailant was carted off in handcuffs and another agent - identifiable even with the cold weather gear over his suit - scurried past with the weapon in an evidence bag.
Clint closed his mouth, scowling.
Impulsively, Steve kissed Tony again, then went to let himself out of Tony's bedroom. The hallway outside was empty, the rest of the team undoubtedly engaging in their own post-mission rituals ... though, Steve thought with a private smile, they probably didn't involve getting up close and personal with another teammate.
"I think you've already done that simply being here," Tony points out.
"I'll call the nurse," she said, getting to her feet. "You stay still and see if you can keep out of trouble while I'm gone."
"I was wondering if you have ... coffee?" Tony asked, a bit awkwardly.
Behind Tony, the typically reserved Falworth shouts. Tony turns in time to see that the rest of his team has lagged behind; a good fifteen to twenty yards separate him from the others.
“What did I say about the backtalk, J?”
Tony took a breath and surprised himself as he asked, “Actually, would you mind helping me home?”
Steve pulled off Tony's softening cock with a smile, and maneuvered his way up the bed to give Tony a kiss. Tony tilted his head up to meet Steve, catching the taste of himself lingering on Steve's tongue. When they broke apart for a breath, Tony laughed in a quiet, sated way.
Steve laughs. "I don't know if I'd call myself
Stark - Anthony - peers at him questioningly. "Dad doesn't call you Anthony?"
"Yeah," Iron Man insisted. "Hop on."
"It's not that," she insisted. "You deserved to be well-informed going into this mission."
Steve had no idea what Iron Man looked like outside of the armor. They spoke often enough, but Iron Man’s voice was always modulated through the radio inside the suit. Steve might have passed him on base and never known it.
Steve left the hot cocoa on the nightstand and hopped into the shower. He washed and dried quickly, and ran a hand through his hair to push it into place; it still felt strangely short under his fingertips.
His hand came down on the glass but, rather than trying to break it, he just left behind a blinking device.
The narration eventually tapered off into a series of scenes from an underwater camera, set to weirdly out of place synthesized music. Tony took this lull as an opportunity to strike up conversation, which had to be preferable to ... whatever this was.
>>I always get up early.
Steve frowned. “Aside from some bruises, maybe some broken bones, on petty crooks ... no.”
Steve raised his eyebrows, unsure what to think. Was he being asked on a date of some sort, or was Tony just bored and lonely and looking to while away a few hours with company?
Maybe being horny was making him gullible, too.
, with a single line of text in the body:
Steve reluctantly dropped his hand as Hawkeye asked, “You’re betting your life on that?”
“I had a crack at Doc Spectrum’s stone,” Tony explained. “
"Yeah," Steve says, after a beat. "Keep going."
Tony was quiet for a moment, processing that information, but - well, Steve probably
Steve sidesteps the attack, grabs the open side of the handcuffs, and drags the chain against the man's neck before he can get away. The force is only enough to cut off his air and send him sinking to the floor, and Steve feels a little guilty for the way he tosses the man aside in order to face the next threat.
Some part of Steve wanted to protest the rough handling, but he wasn’t sure it would be Captain America speaking as team leader, or Steve Rogers speaking as ... well, he still wasn’t sure he could use the term ‘boyfriend,’ and that was part of the problem, wasn’t it?
Though Steve wanted to ask whether it was just a music box, whether they had nearly had a castle dropped on them just for that, he decided not to forget his lessons from
"Shit," Steve mutters under his breath. He backs away from the door and retrieves his handgun from its holster, and waits beside the doorjamb.
“Operating out of state, even,” Tony agreed. “Maybe after his run-ins with you, he isn’t interested in me or New York anymore.”
"Geez, I'd think you weren't even excited I came to visit you this afternoon," Steve said. Tony couldn't see it, but he was pretty sure Steve would be wearing a teasing grin right about now.
"I'll be excited when you get a move on."
"Yeah. I got a Christmas tree," Steve said.
Zola's train will be passing by Steve's location right about now; if both their missions are successful, then they will have taken two of Hydra's remaining major players off the board, leaving only the Red Skull. And once Johann Schmidt is taken care of, the rest of Hydra should crumble, leaderless and directionless, and no longer a threat to the Allied cause. The idea of this damned war ending is almost too good to be true, even though victory is so close that most days, Tony can almost taste it.
Steve blinked, looking up at him. "Yes," he said seriously.
"You caught me," Tony said, raising his hands over his head. "Infatuated with the love lives of supervillains, that's my secret shame."
The crunch of footsteps in the snow preceded Agent May's arrival at their side; Steve was pretty sure she'd purposely made noise to interrupt the moment.
Steve shook his head.
Unfortunately, his search doesn't turn up much, just clothes and a few coins rolling around a dresser drawer. It's clear that Tony doesn't actually live here, and fairly obvious that he isn't planning on coming back anytime soon.
Tony sighs. "Right, sorry." He gestures to the bundle of clothes sitting on the end of the lab table. "Steve brought you some clothes. There's a shower, if you want to clean up a little. Are you hungry?"
"This is one of those times," Steve says thickly, as if every word is a colossal effort, "that flying sure would have come in handy."
“I didn’t say that.” Steve settled in at Tony’s side again, his head on Tony’s shoulder. “People aren’t always well-intentioned, Tony. I don’t want to see anyone take advantage of your generosity.”
Tony’s expression darkened as he got to his feet; did he think Steve was rejecting him? Steve tugged Tony in closer, slipped his arm around Tony’s waist, until his hand could slide under the hem of Tony’s t-shirt and rest on the small of his back, offering leverage for Steve to press their bodies together.
Tony had no idea what he was doing with Steve, but given his long history of stability in the life of Tony Carbonell, Tony supposed he was due a few rash decisions at this point in time. Steve was handsome, nice, funny, and who could say no to Captain America, really? Of course, thinking about Steve being Captain America was a whole other can of worms to open. Tony knew, in all fairness, they both had their issues. It was probably nothing to think too hard about, until he had gotten back and taken care of business with Obadiah.
Steve sighed softly, but conceded the point and stepped into the elevator along with Clint. He had to remember there were other members of the team besides just himself and Tony, and if Clint was right - that everyone was feeling betrayed and upset right now - Steve should really step in and set a good example for all of them.
"Also," Steve added, his tone taking on a pointed edge, "I kind of like being alone, sometimes."
about him, and he was clearly a well-liked member of the community. Rumor spread quickly, especially in small groups; after a couple of hours at his party, Steve was very likely to know what Tony did on the side. People always seemed to like to talk about how others got where they were in life.
This time Falcon spoke up, wondering, “So what? Spectrum’s stone created a mass hallucination.”
turn of events; he just laughs softly when Tony breaks away from the kiss. "I was wondering how long it would take for you two to get pushy," he says.
The mystery surrounding the Captain was enough to keep Tony curious, but after a few more weeks with no real news, it was easy to let thoughts of another masked vigilante fall by the wayside. Tony had enough to worry about in keeping his public reputation as Tony Stark, billionaire tech genius, separate from his private identity as the villainous Iron Man.
“Even if you did interrupt my attempt to take care of you,” Tony said, and it was clear he was trying to keep his tone light, but there was still a complaint in the words. He took a step back from the counter and allowed Steve to steer their way from the kitchen.
"Are you enjoying the party?" Tony asked.
“So,” Steve said. “What does the music box have to do with it?”
Tony jolts with startled surprise. "What?"
"Do you do this every year?" Steve wondered.
He entirely misses the longing look that Anthony throws their way.
“Okay,” Steve said. Clint was looking increasingly like he expected to get punched for putting in his two cents’ worth (and didn’t
“What question?”
Steve thought to ask the obvious: why him? But that was like looking a gift horse in the mouth, given his mission, and rather than intending to ask Steve on a date of some sort, Tony was probably just bored and lonely and looking to while away a few hours with company.
Tony grunted softly, deciding to ignore it; maybe whoever it was would go away --
Steve shifts his weight from one foot to the other, looking admittedly a bit shifty beneath his cowl. "We could still get dinner?" he suggests. It sounds too much like a question for Tony to buy it.
He had a point, Steve thought. It
Steve rolled his eyes, and wound his arms around Tony. "You're ridiculous."
Tony cries out softly and sweetly when he comes, obviously trying to stifle the sound and unable to help himself. Steve works Tony through the orgasm and down from it, and kisses him when Tony twists in his arms to seek out his lips.
To Steve's surprise, Tony took to the indignity of being washed with little protest beyond the initial. Steve took his time in running his soapy hands over Tony's body, and eventually Tony warmed up to it and returned the favor, as he caught on to the fact that it was a great excuse for exploratory touches.
The shirts and ties and pocket squares never came in the same colors or patterns; sometimes Tony would mix stripes and checks, to strangely pleasing result. Colors that Steve might have combined only by mistake in his colorblind days before the serum came together to make each ensemble pop.
He doesn't want to rush this, or rush Steve. Even though their relationship has slowly progressed from kissing to
Steve raises his head and grins up at Tony. "Hmm?"
"Well," Tony said after a moment. "I can think of a few ways to kill the time until then."
Tony rotated his body and brought his arm around to block one of the targeting spheres cleanly; it collided with the shield and dropped harmlessly to the ground. That was the great thing about vibranium: no ricochet, at least not of the things that impacted
Steve ducked his head, a blush coloring his cheeks.
The door opened quietly and Steve stepped in. "I brought you some -
"I didn't do it for the recognition," says Steve. "And it's not like I'm really retiring."
Hulk snorted softly. “Always.”
Once he got the game installed and booted up, Steve wasn't expecting to spend much time playing it, but it was ... well, actually pretty addictive.
"How so?"
"That’s toilet cleaner."
"We didn't want to get started without you," Tony says, pitching his voice low as he slips his hand down to tease slicked fingers along Steve's cleft.
The truth was, it hadn’t really taken an awkward conversation in an elevator to make Tony realize that how he felt about Steve was really much deeper than their ill-defined status as two friends and teammates who happened to sleep together. The troubling part was that Tony had no idea what to
Tony shot Steve a sly look over his shoulder. "Don't worry," he said, and reached down to take Steve's hand in his own.
"See you tomorrow night, then," Tony said. He turned to go, and Steve was pretty sure he saw Tony
A moment passed where his rescuer didn’t say anything, so Tony added, “Thanks for the save.”
Tony wonders if it can be so easy; as much as he hates to look a gift horse in the mouth, he didn't get where he is in life by not being a paranoid bastard.
"Are you sure?"
Steve came down at some point while they were on the call with Reed, not disturbing them, but leaving coffee and a note letting Tony know which room he had prepped for Anthony. Not many of the Avengers share each floor, and Tony's personal space takes up so much of his floor that it has quarters only for himself, Steve, and a couple of spare rooms that are occasionally taken up by Rhodey or a few interim team members who do not live in the tower but sometimes need a place to crash.
Steve pulls his hand away. "You lied to me."
“The feeling’s mutual.” Steve led the way from the elevator when it slid to a halt, and down the hall toward their rooms.
It didn't take long for Steve to figure out what had grabbed Tony's attention: in the parking lot, Agent Coulson was standing by a car, but across from him stood a dark-haired woman. Even in her heavy coat, scarf, and sunglasses, Steve recognized Agent Melinda May, but he couldn't readily fathom what might have prompted Coulson to bring yet another operative into the fray.
Steve pulls a face. "Do you mean you
Steve took one of Tony’s hands and folded it gently between both of his own, pretending he did not feel a tremor running through the other man’s fingers. “That’s not so hard to believe,” he said gently.
"Not so much of a genius, then," she commented.
"I'm not buying what you're selling," Jim says. "But I'm not gonna hold you up here when Steve needs you. When you decide you wanna tell me what's going on, you know where to find me."
Steve wasn't unfamiliar with the concept of an electric car, and he couldn't imagine this one had been inexpensive. For a moment, though, he couldn't help thinking of the future expo he'd attended with Bucky, seventy years ago now, and the way Howard Stark had proudly presented his shiny red, flying car. What would Howard Stark think of this technology? Probably, Steve thought, he'd be incensed that
he is, and the thought brings the rest of him awake almost instantaneously.
Natasha raised an eyebrow, looking neither surprised nor particularly pleased. Steve was a little surprised, himself; Natasha had never struck him as an especially judgmental type, but then, he understood about as much about Natasha as he did other women, which was to say, not a lot.
Tony shrugs. "You're welcome to stay here as long as you like, but at the end of the day, we both know that you're not staying in Madripoor and I'm not leaving."
“That’s why I should go talk to him,” Steve said, shifting awkwardly.
“Do I really look like that when I smile?” Hawkeye again. “Remind me to never do that.”
, but a little."
Clint's fork clattered to his plate and he demanded, "Dude! Who's trying to play footsie with me!?"
," Tony said, exasperated in his own way now. "There's no way I was going to let him make Cap jam out of you."
They lazily dropped back into bed after they'd dried off, actually bothering to pull back the covers this time. Steve tugged the comforter up over them, and took Tony into his arms, feeling cozy and warm even though outside, it had begun to snow again.
How Steve Rogers manages to sound scandalized by ill manners while being adept at sarcasm of his own, is beyond Tony’s comprehension.
"The legacy of Zemo must live on," von Strucker says. "Never could a successor be decided on ... I don't know how I couldn't see it. What is more fitting than for the Stark men to carry on the line?"
"He wouldn't -"
Clint breathed a sigh, like relief. “No problem.”
"I can't help feeling like there's something I could have done."
Dum-E whirred what was probably a greeting back, and Steve wandered further into the workshop.
"I'm a friend of Tony Stark's," Steve says, trying to make himself look just as earnest and trustworthy as possible. "Steve Rogers."
Somehow, Steve thinks, this seemed easier when it was only in the planning stages. Now, all of the careful plans fly from Steve's mind and he forces his nerves to calm, takes a deep breath, and heads toward the corner.
Tonight, they arrange to conveniently disappear from a benefit dance for the soldiers. The Howling Commandos are planning to go on a pub crawl when the dance winds down; Falworth and Carter claim to know some of the best drinking establishments in the area. Ordinarily, it would be the sort of thing that Tony would be interested in, but tonight he's interested only in being alone with Steve. Tony's work makes a good excuse for him, and as for Steve, there isn't much point in a man who can't get drunk going out drinking.
"I read that book," Steve said. "Aldous Huxley, right?"
"Rhodey?" he asked, as an afterthought.
, Steve," Tony said. "If you didn't want to kiss me, you could've just said so."
Steve glanced up as he got to his feet, thumbing through the papers as he went. “Come on, Tony, these show some real talent.”
The two of them never had taken too much time out to learn each other's bodies, which was easily enough explained away by the fact that they had also never made it to a bed. So far it had been all hands and mouths, stealing off down disused hallways or finding an empty office, and one particularly memorable encounter alone on the Avengejet with the controls on auto-pilot.
Schmidt. We brought in Zola and von Strucker. What did we fight for? What did our friends die for?"
“And I don’t think I was the only one.” Tony ducked his head, laughing near deliriously. “At the risk of sounding like Dorothy, you were there - and so was every other villain on the Squadron’s short list.”
“My armor isn’t yellow,” Tony says, unable to quite look past his offense to offer any valuable critique.
Tony took it, and slipped the small device into the pocket of his jacket. "Tell me you at least finished watching
Tony is not typically much for cuddling up in bed after sex, but he happily crawls under the covers this time. Steve rests with his head against Tony's shoulder, fingertips stroking idly around the perimeter of the metal cover over Tony's heart.
"Not from this end of it, no," Tony says, grinning back at Steve.
"Not tonight," Tony says. "Reed got some information from - Anthony - and I'm sure he'll be working on it."
"Mr. Carbonell." Coulson never had given Tony leave to call him 'Phil.'
Tony walks up beside Steve and gazes at the subject in the closest pod: Tony's doppelganger, floating in some green goo, looking bizarrely out of place without his armor on. "Yeah."
There was something familiar about the man, and once Steve took the time to look past the scarf and hat he was wearing, it clicked in his brain: Tony Carbonell.
"I was at the premier," Steve says. "It was a publicity stunt."
Tony shares a look with Steve, but Steve doesn't seem to want to press the issue any more than Tony does, and there's a sort of finality to Anthony's tone that defies argument.
"You?"
"It's the best," Steve says. "We'll bring it back and have lunch together."
Steve raised his eyebrows.
"You," Steve interrupts, "are a menace. Stop ruining our beautiful moment."
“Thank you.”
"Why don't you come in?" Steve asks.
Steve pulls away from Peggy and gets to his feet. "That's -"
"Here," Steve said. "Take these, they'll help a little."
May looked at Tony. "Are you alright?"
Some of Steve's fears about Tony's motivation in inviting him were allayed, as he saw very little of the man himself beyond a brief greeting as Tony darted past with what looked like a rocket and a gaggle of admiring pre-teens (probably the science club, Steve figured).
"Avoid thinking about it?" Tony asked, softly and not unsympathetically.
Tony had no intentions of stopping. He knew he was doing the right thing, even if he had to break the law to do it.
"No one cares what we do here," Steve points out. He twists his wrist on the hand wrapped around Tony's cock, and presses a fingertip into the sensitive skin behind his balls.
Suddenly, the music turned down and a large television mounted on the wall near the front of the room switched on, airing a repeat of the Times Square broadcast from an hour ago on the east coast. Steve joined in with everyone else on the countdown from ten, and shortly after the shouts of "HAPPY NEW YEAR!" went up around the room, Steve found himself being yanked down by his collar, into a kiss.
"Sorry, I -"
Tony raises his eyebrows. "You're one of those teetotallers?"
Namor raises an eyebrow. "And what interest do you have in Madripoor?"
"Mmhm," Anthony answers. He stills his hips and pitches forward, leaning onto Steve's chest in a deliberate pose that would be almost casual, if not for the circumstances. "That alright with you?"
"You love me anyway," Tony said, and he burrowed his face into Steve's shoulder, wrapping himself around Steve like he had far more than just the four limbs. He was fast asleep in an instant, finally worn out after an already tiring day, and seemed unaware of what he'd just said.
"Exploring?" Steve asks.
Steve was sure it was
By the time Steve broke the kiss to reach for the nightstand drawer, Tony was breathless and eager; Steve felt a little bad about that, considering he wasn't exactly planning on rushing things along. Tony watched intently as Steve got out the bottle of lube, just unfamiliar enough with staying in Steve's room that he was clearly a little thrown off predicting how things might go. Steve liked it that way; Tony was always far too preoccupied with numbers and percentages, and Steve enjoyed getting Tony's mind off things.
Tony headed down I-95 from there, managing to take Rhodey with him all the way to Florida. After a youth spent vacationing in all sorts of exotic locations with his wealthy parents, Tony had seen precious little of America, and he'd turn off the highway on a whim to see the birthplace of a Founding Father or something as random as a national park. They spent two days touring the different branches of the Smithsonian (where Rhodey made fun of Tony for getting Polaroids of himself at all angles with the exhibit on Captain America), sampled North Carolina barbecue, stopped for a ghost walk in South Carolina, and finally found themselves at Disney World, where Tony had actually never been. Tony collected a wealth of pictures riding the teacups and posing with Mickey Mouse, and if the guy inside the costume recognized him, well, it wasn't like he was allowed to break character and call him out on it.
For the next couple of days, they fall into a pattern that might be a little
Tony laughs softly, appreciating the effort, even if he still feels unusually sorry to see his alternate go. They wait until they're all on the other side of the portal, where Reed can't watch, to exchange quick farewell kisses (Tony's is definitely dirty, though; he can't resist slipping in a bit of tongue). They get the stasis pods situated, then assemble to say their goodbyes when the alarms in his parallel workshop begin to sound. The other Avengers will be on their way, and Steve and Tony shouldn't linger any longer.
"And, of course," Tony said, with a humorless laugh, "he told me not to worry about it. To keep doing what I was doing. Assured me the company was in good hands and he could give me access to my trust fund if I needed it. He had me convinced he wanted me to do what made me happy."
Steve moans softly, shifts back into the touch a little, opening up sweetly for Tony as Tony's fingers begin to press inside him. "Is that so?"
“I could just break it off with him,” Tony said out loud. “Would that be suspicious?”
Their finished product was, well, not the most attractive tree Steve had ever seen - it certainly paled in comparison to the enormous one that had dominated Tony's living room - but it was
"They're all broken," he announces. "Useless!"
Tony smiled with little warmth. "I think you've already done enough."
"If you're interested," Steve said honestly. He had never been to this sort of New Year's Eve celebration, much less had anyone to kiss once the clock struck twelve.
"I'm sorry to turn up here so late," he says. "I just wasn't sure who else to talk to."
The Captain pulled back and, to Tony’s relief, he looked just as dazed as Tony felt, and was breathing just as hard. “I -” He hesitated, took a step back and glanced around.
He prays to God it won't come to that.
It only takes a few moments for Peggy to answer the door when Steve knocks. She smiles to see him, and Steve tries to return it, even though he feels on edge.
"Like I said: idiot. Hey, wait - you're Coulson's -
"Well, Steve," Tony said. "I've gotta be heading off before these cupcakes get frozen, but - say, the Science Club is having their annual Christmas party tomorrow at my place. Why don't you stop by? It'd be a good way to meet some of the students and the other teachers before you get to work."
“Oh. Yeah,” Tony said. “Yes, I’m ...” He paused, surveying the damage to the lab, but his attention was drawn soon enough to the way the Captain’s touch lingered on his back. They had layers between them, armored gloves and a shirt, and an undershirt -- Tony’s means of hiding the arc reactor from public view -- and yet it was distractingly ...
When Steve remains quiet, Tony says, "Don't tell me you're disappointed I didn't
Steve returned a few moments later and slid beneath the covers with Tony. He put his arms around Tony's waist and drew him in, until they lay close, spooning up together.
"We're not getting very clean this way," Steve pointed out.
Baron von Strucker laughs, as an explosion goes off somewhere in the distance. The Commandos getting closer, then; Jim may be using the War Machine to blast his way through the entire castle.
"What?" Iron Man demanded, voice a little strained as he struggled to free himself of the Krampus' grasp. "I donated money to charities! I volunteered at the local orphanage! I even participated in Reddit Secret Santa!"
Tony stared for a moment, then turned away, laughing. "It's okay," he said. "It's not really
Steve shifted closer and put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I know you felt you were doing the right thing. It ...
As a gesture of goodwill, since Clint was apparently unhappy to have been excluded from the mission, Steve gave Clint the honors of topping the tree with the star.
number sixteen."
"You, too."
"I thought it for the best," Peggy admits. "We've made contact with him, Steve ... he wasn't interested in talking to us, much less in coming back into the country."
“So,” Tony said, when Steve was finished drying his hands and had turned away from the counter. “The kids are all asleep ...”
"Nope," said Tony. "Just gonna hang around here, catch up on my movies, work on a couple of personal projects."
without getting shot. I had
“I could be Iron Man,” Steve said.
"I wouldn't have said no to teaching gym," Steve said. "Or art."
Steve's expression turned a little odd, but he smiled as he put his empty cereal bowl in the sink. "I was hoping we could talk."
Steve couldn't be offended by their banter, but he tried not to listen too closely to it, either, as he set about unpacking the tree. It was in two pieces that fit together to comprise the trunk, while the branches folded down; once it was in the stand, the very top reached about as high as Steve was tall. The tree was sort of ugly, the branches a bit too scrawny to mimic the real thing, but Steve felt optimistic about its potential.
"So what was he like?" Natasha asked that night, over their dinner of pizza and beer.
Steve can't help wondering if he could have made a difference, had he been there. Or if he had helped to find another way of ending the conflict with Japan. It wasn't as if Steve had been happy about all those civilian casualties. But Steve had dealt with his own dark days near the close of the war.
"Steve," Tony said, his tone of voice needier than he was likely to admit.
Ahead of them, Nighthawk ejected himself from the cockpit of his craft and landed with deceptive ease on the windscreen of the jet.
When Steve sat down to dinner with Natasha that evening, he was already anticipating what her reaction might be to his news. Instead, he was surprised when Natasha led into the conversation with, "Coulson's brought May on board because they suspect Stane might be on to us."
“No,” Steve said. “I think
It seems remarkably unfair, to get Tony back after two years of waiting and wondering, only to have this happen. They survived a war together; will things really end like this?
They have just finished their day's practice - aerial drops and retrievals with the Iron Man suit; Cap's shield makes a pretty target - and Tony lands them on the ramp back into the airship before he sets Steve onto his feet.
Steve slips the bartender a small roll of bills - an hour off the boat and Steve has already spent more than a working class man makes here in a month - and gets pointed toward the back for his trouble, with an assurance that he will be left alone for the duration of his 'meeting.'
"Fuck." Tony throws back his head, panting now. "
"Take your blackmail photos now," Tony said. "They'll be useful during the rest of the school year. Too bad Principal Coulson didn't make it. I had a pair of reindeer antlers I was saving just for him."
"You're a teacher?" Steve asked, letting a little eagerness seep into his tone in spite of the dishonesty he felt. Spy work was definitely not for him; he hated the part of it where he had to lie.
Steve Rogers hated a lot of things about the twenty-first century, but contrary to popular belief, there were quite a few things he loved about it, too. The coffee shops that seemed to dot nearly every corner were one of his favorite things, especially since the weather had turned cold.
wore under the circumstances, so … maybe his assessment was off.)
"But not Steven Larsen," Tony said. "So, what
, but the A.I. did nothing and the awkward silence dragged out between them.
Getting back to his feet, von Strucker tosses the needle into the fire along with a huge sheaf of papers. Then he stands back to admire his handiwork, a smug smile on his face.
“I brought you dinner,” Steve said. He nodded toward the table, where the tray held a plate of pizza, along with some aspirin, a glass of water, and a bottled sports drink.
Steve placed the shield in its usual holding place on his back and shrugged. “Oh, I don’t know. You really pulled off that Halloween costume when you were eight.”
"You didn't come all the way down here for lunch," Tony said. It wasn't a question.
"Thanks," Tony mumbled into the pillow. "That's ... so helpful."
Steve nods, and puts a hand at the small of Tony's back, guiding him over to the makeshift dining table. Tony settles in on one side, Steve on the other, and they begin to tuck into their food.
in the middle of an enemy base right now," Tony says. "And they're going to start waking up soon."
As Tony Carbonell got his first job, apartment, and began to make friends, it became easier and easier not to look back, until Tony Stark had begun to be a distant memory even to the man himself.
The next morning dawned and Steve got up early. He went for his morning run, trying to keep his routine the same; he waved at some of the neighborhood moms as he ran past, and resolutely tried to ignore the way their eyes lingered.
"Doesn't it feel a little ... dishonest?" Steve pointed out. "If he gets to know and trust me as Steve Larsen and you as Natalie Rushman, then he finds out who we really are, do they think he's really going to want to work with us?"
Steve felt himself grinning like an idiot. "Yeah? I'd like that."
"See you around," Tony added, before heading off.
"Said like a true American icon."
Steve didn’t seem to be doing much better, at least, and he had to be suffocating inside that suit, so really, there was hardly any need to drag this out, was there? Tony reached his free hand around and grabbed a handful of Steve’s ass - and that was nice, too - to haul him in closer.
Steve leaned over to kiss Tony, soft and reassuring, before he sat up. “I’m going to go get out of this uniform --”
"Well, not to Agent Sitwell, at least."
Steve stood, adjusting the parachute that he did not plan to use, just as a burst of turbulence - they were under fire, it sunk in after a second - rocked the dirigible and sent him staggering.
Steve took his time at first, with slow but deep strokes, until he was finally building up a rhythm. He leaned over Tony and pressed kisses at the nape of his neck, nuzzling against the collar of his jacket and his shirt. Tony reached back and threaded his fingers through Steve's hair, pushing back into the motion of each thrust, working himself back onto Steve's cock.
the right thing, Tony.”
Steve smiles. “I’d like that.”
"It's suspicious, Steve," she says gently. "You have to admit. Tony leaves without warning, and turns up in Madripoor around the same time Hydra begins to build a base of operations there?"
Steve sighed, setting aside his own dishes. “Part of what makes the Avengers so effective as a team is that we can all adapt to the necessary changes.”
Tony paused, eyes flitting up to Steve’s face, and whatever he found on Steve’s expression (aside from heavy-lidded and deeply aroused) was enough to inspire him to stop, albeit reluctantly. He slowly pulled off, and tipped his head back to look questioningly up at Steve, his parted lips red and slick.
Tony rolled onto his back and tried not to vibrate with anticipation (mostly because he was too sore) when Steve moved closer. This time, Steve started at Tony's shoulders, massaging down his admittedly achy arms, and on to the muscles in his sides. Tony twitched as Steve's fingers skimmed his front, tickling along his abdominals, and he bit his lip to hold back a laugh.
Steve laughed, feeling ridiculously exhilarated by the excitement of the crowd and the surprise of the kiss. "Happy New Year," he said.
Steve moves away and returns with the cable, which Tony accepts and plugs into a port on the top of the pod. Tony spends another few moments studying the control panel, where a small screen displays vital signs and other encrypted readings he can't be quite sure of. The touchpad to the side of the screen is unresponsive when Tony pokes at it with his index finger.
Tony sighed softly, glancing back at the bed, where Steve was starting to inch over into the warm spot Tony left. Part of him - a large part - wanted to crawl back under the covers and stay there with Steve, but it was probably time that Tony started giving a little less consideration to what he
"No, it's alright," Steve says. "Did you need something?"
; if SHIELD had sent her alone, Tony might have remained none the wiser to their presence in town, although markedly less interested in any of their attempts to get close to him.
..." Tony turned his head to the side, glancing back over his shoulder.
“So the question is ... why doesn’t he want?” Tony said.
He glanced around, shrugged to himself, and sat down on the couch to play another few levels of Tiny Robots.
“Should I be insulted?” Steve pushed back his own cowl with a sigh.
Even though Tony was a novice to the use of Captain America’s
Clint set up a queue of Christmas movies to play in the background, and they ate dinner sitting around the coffee table. It had been too late for a turkey, so Natasha had settled on a leg of lamb. Clint took care of the sides, and Steve contributed the apple pie, which made Clint and Natasha snicker at him for some reason. (Was it because he liked to bake?)
Steve looked down, smiling ruefully. "I think I know something about that."
Steve's last glimpse of Tony before the medical team blocked his line of sight was Tony standing there, looking helpless, with Steve's blood all over his hands.
Dum-E took the note in its claw and moved in what looked eerily like a nod. Steve patted it on the head, only a little awkwardly, and waited until it had wheeled back into the workshop area to get back into his car.
"I'm holding you to that." Tony steps down from the ladder, and turns to face Steve.
"You look good," Natasha said. She patted his arm reassuringly. "Don't be nervous. Eccentric billionaires can smell fear."
In 1939, as a result of Project: Rebirth, Steve Rogers became the first and only successful recipient of Abraham Erskine’s super soldier serum.
"I've got Dr. Sternberg's notes," Banner says. "As far as I can tell, he'd managed to work out the formula, but -"
Hawkeye may have been combative and stubborn, but he caught on quick. “Wait, you think we’re the good guys? And we’re called ‘The Avengers’?”
Steve eyes him dubiously. "Come on," he urges. "Let me take a look at it."
Steve waited to see her out of the house before he finally uprooted his feet from the floor and headed down the hallway to his own bedroom.
"I have very demanding tastes," Tony said. He started the car, while the garage door rolled up behind them; the engine did not make a sound.
Steve didn't have to knock; the front door kept opening with people coming in and going out, so Steve slipped right into the flow of people and let himself inside. The house was brightly and pleasantly lit, laid out in such a way that the living room ceiling stretched all the way to the second floor, where railing curved to allow a view of the first floor from upstairs. A Christmas tree that must have reached at least twelve feet high was sitting in the corner between the staircase and the back wall of the room. There were people milling about everywhere, and the age range of attendees - in spite of the party ostensibly being for the middle school science club - seemed to stretch from infant to middle-aged adult.
is familiar, the desperate slow slide, too much and not enough all at once. Tony is sloppier than Steve remembers, probably uncoordinated with drunkenness; Steve isn't sure this would be happening at all without liberal application of bourbon, but he doesn't have the heart to stop it.
when those means are my own choice,” Tony interrupted. “I did what I felt I had to. I did what I felt was
"Sorry," Steve answered. "It's the truth."
“I suppose there are some perks to being a grownup.” Tony laughed, eagerly propping pillows at the head of the bed.
Tony recalls the nearly drained armor once Steve is gone, and ignores the sick twist in his stomach as it sinks back into his bones. Back down to his regular civilian appearance, Tony has an easy enough time blending in with the flow of people out of the building. He has a lead of his own that he wants to follow, and with the failure of all tech in the area thanks to the virus Vennema unleashed, it seems like a good time.
The double funeral, wake, and memorial services were exhausting media circuses, where Tony found himself being paraded around by Obie like a show dog. All of the old guard were eager to curry favor, as much as they clearly loathed the need to do so. Howard's mortality threw their own precarious positions into sharp relief, and they all feared what would happen when Tony came of age and was able to take over the company.
“Tony,” Steve said. “You always take good care of me. You made sure I wouldn’t get cold sleeping in the living room. You made me dinner.” It had not escaped Steve’s notice, after all, that Tony prepared enough food for two.
," Tony gasped, as Steve went down on him without a second's hesitation.
Steve hesitated, unsure; they had only ever shared a bed after sex, and that only recently, but Tony asked, and Steve had a hard time saying no. He climbed into bed next to Tony and settled in, closing his eyes.
Once it was less than half an hour to midnight, people began circulating through the crowd with glasses of champagne for the midnight toast, and one of their hosts was passing out noisemakers. Tony had already put on a pair of ridiculous glasses with frames in the shape of '2013,' while Steve accepted a dubious piece of headgear that looked like a tophat.
When he glanced up, Steve saw Natasha was giving him a
"What?" Clint said. "Nat, you gotta be kidding - we're not going out on
"What the hell was that?" Steve demands.
“You’ve been quiet since you got back,” Tony said. “Penny for your thoughts?”
nights recently, but it still never ceases to amaze Tony.
Cursing to himself and vowing to install a laundromat in the Tower, Tony jogged across the street and stopped outside the door, distracted and admiring the view as Steve bent down to stuff his laundry into one of the machines.
“I’ve gone through all the files,” Tony said. “Looked at everyone who’s worked for me, who might have it out for me, who’s smart enough to get inside my security and steal my tech. There’s no one.”
Natasha rolled her eyes at him; Steve wondered if she and May had the same teacher. Maybe it was just a thing SHIELD agents learned.
"TONY STARK," the Krampus said without hesitation. "YOU HAVE BEEN --"
"No," Natasha agreed, smiling again. "I've heard about that '82 Tercel you took on your road trip."
Steve was up a little later than usual on Christmas morning, though he took a look outside at the snow and decided he still didn't feel like leaving the warm comfort of the house to brave his usual morning run, so he settled on a little yoga in his bedroom before getting ready for the day.
Steve commits the information to memory.
"I'm sorry," Steve says. "If it's too invasive ..."
Steve walked over to the side of the bed, and set down a glass of water and a pair of pills on the nightstand. He must have recently showered, too, judging from the loose pajama pants Tony could see from the knee down where Steve stood. He was barefoot, too, which was sort of cute.
"If I'm not a suspect, then why bother with me?" Tony wonders.
"Man," he said. "Coulson did
Baron Zemo died. The chemical compound, it ate away at his mind, destroyed the man he was."
Tony made another helpless gesture; it didn't go a very long way toward clarifying the issue. "I just," he started, making a frustrated noise. "We do this and it's fun, it's really fun, but then you say something like that and I don't know what to think."
schtick."
want to sleep with him."
"I don't care."
Steve laughed at the easy banter, the lighthearted insult; he felt a warmth blossoming in his chest that reminded him of his friendship with Bucky (and wouldn't Natasha have been just Bucky's type, too?).
a plague-bearing dragon out there, we don’t want a Nazi in control of it.”
Steve's expression shifts to one of obvious disgust. He turns deliberately away from the tanks, to face Tony fully. "We need to send them home."
. It seemed ... unfair, to him and to Tony. Even Natasha hadn't been able to guarantee Steve that it was one hundred percent possible to remain impartial and keep one's mind on the task at hand.
Just a few hours ago, the city had been in peril — again. Just a few hours ago, Steve thought he might have lost Tony. He had had the thoughts and memories at the time of a reality that turned out not to exist, and yet that was still one of the most difficult, impactful things about it. Steve’s integrity was not something that even the Squadron Supreme wielding the power of an Infinity Stone could take away. But Tony ...
"I still say you could come with me," Steve says. "But since I know you won't ... well, I think Madripoor is the perfect place for me. I can operate out of the Stinger base."
Tony raised his eyebrows. “I think it’s a good idea.”
"We have intelligence that suggests a leftover faction of Hydra agents is gaining a foothold in Madripoor," Steve says. "Maybe planning to use it as a base of operations in the area. I'm going in to investigate, and to take them down."
"Hi, I'm Steve," he introduced himself.
the one who seems way too interested in who's sleeping with Steve. Are you sure
"Steve Rogers," Steve answers, getting up to shake the doctor's hand. "Are you the same Dr. Banner who worked on the -"
“Surprising no one has found me out before now,” she said dryly. “Maybe it’s symptomatic of the same condition that has people believing their resident six-foot-four, two hundred-and-fifty pound private is really on potato-peeling duty.”
Tony flicks at a bubble on the surface of the water. "I don't know what you want me to say."
"No problem," Clint said, cracking a couple of eggs into a frying pan. "You can make it up to me with a ride to the airport."
"No," Steve says. "He had some additional information."
>>It's 9 am. Where did you get Chinese food?
Natasha gave him a mischievous smile. "You'd be surprised."
Tony shares a glance with Steve, then looks back to Anthony. "Edwin Jarvis?"
“Come in,” Natasha called.
me to go back, and now you're trying to talk me out of it?"
"Just as I suspected," Cap said, ripping off the shaggy brown fabric. "Doombot."
It's a testament to how little Steve is paying attention that he didn't even hear her enter the room.
consider himself those things. "Thanks," he said. "I think."
Tony shudders lightly when Steve's hands stroke lower, when one circles fingers around his cock and the other moves to cup his balls.
The door bursts in moments later, but Tony is quickly slipping from consciousness, sagging in his bonds as his body finally goes still. The last thing he sees before blacking out is Jim's worried face, framed in the open helmet of the War Machine, hovering in front of him.
Tony snorts, allowing Steve his delusion. "Okay, soldier. Wanna lend me a hand? Assuming you can get it off my ass long enough."
"I promise, you could have woken me up, I wouldn't have minded," Tony said. "Anyway, whatever, moot point now. Are you in or not?"
"Last night was ..."
Given the perils of his double life, Tony was strictly not a relationship guy, and it stood to reason that a vigilante hookup should have been a hit-it-and-quit-it situation, but the universe seemed to have other ideas. Tony resolutely did not believe in karma, fate, destiny, kismet, serendipity,
It was probably a sign of how far they still had to go, that this was the first time they’d really stopped to talk about it.
The drawbridge drops down with the second of Dernier's small scale explosions, and Falworth appears in the midst of the smoke to wave them inside.
“You awake?” Tony murmured.
"It's been a long time, now," Steve says. "Both my parents are long dead." He sighs. "Bucky and the Commandos are the only family I have left."
It was late when Steve finally got ready to leave Tony's house. Tony was sprawled out asleep on the couch, having dozed off somewhere during
"Mm." Tony sags in Steve's arms, looking as if he wants nothing more than just to go to sleep. "Can we talk about this later?"
Quill snorted softly. “If I recall correctly, Tony Stark doesn’t say ‘sorry.’”
Natasha had disappeared on some mysterious morning errand by the time Steve returned to the house, so he headed straight out to do his shopping after a quick breakfast. By the time he returned a couple of hours later with a tree and a few bags laden with ornaments and gifts, she was back; Steve walked through the front door and was surprised to find Agent Barton sitting on the couch, wearing a truly unfortunate sweater and watching television.
"I think we know a thing or two about that," Steve says. He leans a bit closer to Tony, taking Tony's hand in his own and squeezing lightly.
This would be Steve's second Christmas since waking in the twenty-first century, but it was the first where he actually felt like celebrating the holiday. All his previous Christmases before the ice had been spent either too poor to do much, or in the midst of a war, and while Steve knew that it was materialistic of him to feel that way, he enjoyed the prospect of getting to indulge in a little shopping for gifts.
Now, Steve wondered if he should skip the booze entirely, or drink and pretend to have a high tolerance (oh, if only they knew). He ultimately ended up grabbing a beer, and circulated his way through the crowd while nursing it. Oddly, things were becoming less fun for him, the more fun everyone else was starting to have. It reminded Steve of parties back in the 40's, when the Commandos would get rip-roaringly drunk in case it was their last night on Earth. The people here had no reason to feel the same way, so maybe it was really just a zest for life that Steve himself was having a hard time sympathizing with.
Natasha shrugged. She took back the music box and set it into the crate, carefully closing the lid again. “There are stories that Ludwig became obsessed with the idea of possessing Ascalon, and that he succeeded, only to be killed for his trouble. The circumstances of his death
?" Tony asks, raising his eyebrows. "Steve, we're hurt."
“While I think you all lack in adventurous spirit,” Tony says, “I’ll concede the point. Let’s move things to the lab and I’ll take a look there.”
"That," Steve replies, "was nothing like old times."
the harm, really? Aside from the fact that they were in the kitchen, where anyone could walk in on them, or that he really
Firing a handgun still feels unwieldy to Steve, in spite of his training and skill at it. He wishes vainly for his shield, but that symbol was retired along with Captain America; Commander Rogers, Agent of SHIELD, can rely only on his more pedestrian weapons and hand-to-hand combat skills.
"Come on," Tony demanded impatiently.
"Hi," Steve finally said.
Another thing they have in common, then, Tony thinks with a sigh.
before ever meeting Tony. Unlike Steve, Tony is fairly certain Bucky has become less of a fan since.
“Except we were them, and they were us,” Steve pointed out. “Even if we were bad at the villainy part of things.”
"Yeah? I would've said gym teacher, if I didn't know we had one already." Tony's gaze lingered, and it was hard to mistake it for anything but appreciative.
Steve decided not to read too much into that last message. He put his phone away and went to put on a pot of coffee. Natasha stirred and came into the kitchen around the time the smell of coffee began to permeate the air. She looked much younger than usual in a pair of soft pajamas, with her hair sticking up at odd angles from sleep.
, right?" Steve asks.
Steve reached out to grab Tony's elbow once they were in the hallway, and Tony pulled to a reluctant stop. "Hey," Steve said. "What was that about?"
just made Steve shift in discomfort as his uniform trousers tightened even further against the strain of his growing erection. Then Tony was standing in front of him again, expertly stripping the gauntlet from Steve's arm.
"Oh, God," Tony said after a few seconds. "That was ridiculous. I feel like a horny teenager."
Tony pulls a face. “Traitor.”
"I'm not going to
The firefight goes on for several minutes, until Steve goes to squeeze off a shot and hears only a resounding
Hydra's headquarters in Madripoor, in stark contrast to a sumptuous mountain castle, is a low key, seemingly abandoned warehouse. Ironically, it seems to be located not far from where Steve arrived in Madripoor with Namor to begin with. Steve gets marched into a large room, where it looks like the entirety of the Hydra cell has gathered, and a cheer goes up through the parted crowd when Steve appears. He knows he must present a defeated sight, in bloody and rumpled clothes, hands cuffed behind his back.
,” JARVIS said, “
As he sketches out the faceplate of the Iron Man on his paper, Tony finds his mind drifting back to the kiss he and Steve shared earlier. He knows better than to think too heavily on it; they are in the middle of a war, and wartime romances hardly stand the potential to last. Not to mention that, well ... circumstances being what they are, Tony hardly wants to have a scandal on his hands. He could afford it, but rather doubts that Steve's military career could say the same.
To his credit, however, Tony did wait until Phil selected a doughnut (glazed) before going for one of his own (chocolate iced, cream filled).
fantasies with his boyfriend, Tony,” Steve concluded, raising his eyebrows meaningfully.
in doing so any longer, giving in to the needy noises that wanted to make it past his lips.
," he joked.
this specific purpose. Then again, Jim does know Tony rather well ... even though he's discreet and kind enough not to mention it.
By the time Steve fished around for something relevant to say in response, too many seconds had passed, turning a pause in the conversation into a lapse. Tony was paying attention to the movie - and his food - again by that point, anyway, so Steve just tucked back into his lunch and tried not to think about it. He just hoped that, when it came down to it, he wouldn't be the one expected to confront Tony about his identity.
She looks doubtful. "Are you sure?"
Anthony's face goes pale, and he shifts in his seat, looking around. "The others -"
use Stark Tech, but it was hardly stolen. “A reactor like mine powers the armor.”
Tony raises an eyebrow back at him. "I didn't come out here to live the life of a priest, Steven."
"Obviously," Steve said.
"I should be thanking you for giving me the exclusive," Pepper says with a laugh. "I'm the first woman to get a front page feature in the
In retrospect, after a few hours' sleep and thinking with a clearer head, Steve has to admit that coming here and immediately falling into bed with Tony probably hadn't been his best idea. It's too late now, though, and Steve refuses to feel guilty about it. After two years of separation, they needed the connection, and Tony always had used sex as a coping mechanism, when the booze failed him.
Steve smiles. "It was fine. I know there's more to this whole Kashmir Vennema thing, but I have to do some more digging. In the meantime, I thought it was foolish to stay out in the field with no information, when I could be here with you."
Tony rolled onto his side to look up at Steve, and was surprised when Steve reached out and took one of his hands.
"You don't have to give me anything," Steve said.
It was less the answer and more the shrug that accompanied it that rubbed Steve the wrong way. He pressed his lips together to subdue a frown and said, “Tony, we’re supposed to be in this together.”
"Mr. Stark," von Strucker greets. "We meet again."
"If he does, then we don't need Stark to oust him." Natasha paused, her expression serious. "But I think you and I both know the likelihood of Stane wriggling out of this one."
Obadiah's hand landed, warm and strong, on Tony's shoulder, as he promised to help Tony get through this.
Steve pushed back his cowl and tamped down a sigh. While Hawkeye needing something from Cap as functioning second-in-command of the team was one thing, Clint breaking things down to a personal level was unusual and Steve was, for the sake of bonding better with his teammates and friends, willing to listen.
. He slipped out of the bedroom and headed down the hall, giving everything a cursory glance as he went.
Steve didn’t think he much wanted to sleep, but his body was tired, and it took merely closing his eyes before he drifted off. Hours later, he woke to the feeling of Tony’s lips on the back of his neck, and a hand on his hip. Steve murmured soft, sleepy approval for the touch, and the fact that Tony was pressed warmly against his back.
Steve can't resist pushing back, once the head of Tony's cock is inside him, and he doesn't stop until his ass is flush against Tony's hips.
"What project would that be, sir?"
"I just -" Steve swallows hard. "He was like my - like my big brother. Always looking out for me. We got Zola, but he ... Bucky ... he ... I couldn't get to him in time."
"Why do you need a safe house when you can just stay with me?" Tony asks, smiling again.
Tony pushed himself up to sit, and shoved the rest of the way out of his jeans and boxers, kicking them onto the floor. "Your loss, I actually happen to give a fantastic blowjob."
Still, it's hard to argue the knock at his door; Tony doesn't even have to wait until he's opened it to know that Steve is on the other side.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
“Let’s find out,” Tony said.
“Earlier, today - yesterday, now - I thought I might never see you again, either. And I was thinking about what you said, about the danger in the things we do, and ...” Tony paused, tongue darting out to lick his lips; he was nervous. “I wouldn’t want to die without telling you that ... you’re the best thing to ever happen to me.”
Steve was unsure what to say to that. Tony rarely spoke of his father, and even less of his childhood. Whenever Howard did come up in conversation, it was usually because Steve slipped and made some mention of a man he had only known as a friend, until learning - much to Steve’s dismay - that his old friend had gone on to be, by all accounts, an absentee father at best and an actively terrible one at worst.
Tony grinned. “We’ll make it a couple’s costume, then.”
“Spider-Man?”
To Steve's surprise, Tony kisses back, and there's a certain eagerness in the way that he slides his arms around Steve's waist, under the coat. Tony tastes like bourbon and cigarettes and smells like the same, along with a faint hint of his preferred aftershave, something uniquely Tony.
“Oh.” Tony fell silent for a moment, a warm - and, he suspected, fuzzy - feeling growing in his chest.
Frustrated, Tony sits up and pulls the covers over his lap, not wanting to be caught in a completely compromising position should one of their teammates be on the other side of the door. But it's just Anthony, and he looks embarrassed as soon as he takes in Steve's shirtless state and glances past him to see Tony in the bed.
"When you put it like that, it sounds crass." Steve raises Tony's hand to his lips and kisses the back of it.
"I don't think that place exists in my world," Anthony admits.
Tony shakes his head. "Alternates. They've got the traces of radiation from life spent under a different sun than our own. That was my first test after I discovered they were human. Or, in other-Thor's case, Asgardian."
"I know."
“That’s incredibly brave,” Steve said. “You’re - really brilliant. I just don’t understand why you don’t ...” He made a helpless gesture. “Use your power for good?”
Steve didn’t mention that the super soldier serum was meant to make healing easier as well. He was sure, being a genius, Iron Man knew already that Captain America was genetically enhanced.
"I'm sure Cap and Iron Man will figure out some way to work out their differences," Steve answered confidently. He settled more comfortably between Tony's legs, then bent down and kissed him. The conversation had been a little distracting for both of them, and it took a few moments of uninterrupted kissing and touching for the mood to return in full.
Natasha lifted the lid, and a tiny tune began to play.
Lowtown is already alive with activity by the time Steve emerges onto the street level. He stops in for lunch at the restaurant on the bottom floor of the building, and peruses the day's newspaper that was left on the counter by some patron before him.
Tony was quiet for a moment, eyes narrowed as he looked at Steve. "Let's see: Steve Rogers? Big, blond, up and moving around after getting shot and bleeding out on Mrs. Ennis' back lawn?"
Clint and Natasha fell quiet while the movie went on in the background. Steve watched with half his attention while he got the tree set up in front of the windows, and began to drape it with multi-colored lights. He'd gone very simple with his choice of ornaments, just the typical ball ornament fare in a variety of colors, though they seemed to be made from a plastic now that claimed to be shatterproof, rather than the glass ones of Steve's youth.
>It's a date.
Before long, the press rarely mentions one of them without the other.
"The car you saw the other night," Natasha said. "Clint ran the plates when he got back to New York, like he said he would. It traced back to a shell corporation SHIELD has suspected has ties to Stane, but we didn't have any solid links until now."
of what it was like to be
“Yeah,” Steve said with a smile, “but they didn’t have you.”
After a torturously long moment spent with Tony teetering on the verge of orgasm, Steve tilted the angle of his head and swallowed Tony down all the way, until the head of Tony's cock bumped the back of Steve's throat. It was all so well-executed that Tony didn't even have the energy left to feel chagrined that the move drove him right over the edge.
"I'm gonna take that as a yes," Steve said cheerfully.
Tony looked up sharply, and for the first time since Steve had arrived, he actually did look angry, not just sad and resigned. "What else am I supposed to do, Steve?"
could be moving faster." Steve is the very picture of efficiency as he moves to strip Tony out of
"Please," he says to Madame Hydra. "Allow me the honor of dispatching my old enemy."
"No," Steve said, shaking his head. "I think that was part of the problem."
"I've been working on it," Tony answers. "I've got Reed on board, he can help them make the jump, but we need to know
“Think about it,” Steve said. “Of all the things you’re wanted for, that anyone on the Squadron’s most wanted has done, has anyone ever committed murder? Are they really anything more than a nuisance to law enforcement?”
Tony looks startled for a beat, before he laughs. "Good recovery, Cap."
"Thank you," Anthony says, stepping into the room. He looks lost as he sits down on the edge of the bed, beside another neat stack of clothes that was probably left by Steve, pajamas this time. "Good night."
Tony smiles at that, and allows himself to relax a little while he and Steve finish their meal. They're down to the last breadstick by the time the monitoring equipment begins to beep and, a few yards away, Tony's alternate groans.
"Yes."
"General Fury is just -"
"Is he, is Tony, alright?" Steve asks, refusing to let Namor get the better of him just now. Steve needs the man's help, and even more now, he needs information.
“That morning, right after you moved in,” Tony said. “Here, in the kitchen ... that was kind of big for us.”
Steve feels like the bottom has dropped out; he just got Tony back, now he's going to lose him again?
He said it in a tongue-in-cheek kind of way, and they shared in their amusement for a moment, until Tony's attention gradually wandered to something outside; after a second he gave a low whistle.
She seemed to consider for a moment, then shook her head. “No, come in. Have a seat.” She patted the edge of the bed.
Now that Tony had a moment to get a good look at her, she appeared younger than he'd initially guessed, though that might have been the dressed down quality of the yoga pants and sweatshirt she was wearing, combined with her lack of makeup, and her hair up in a ponytail. Still, she gave off a certain air of
Tony glanced down at the art store bag in Steve's hand, before stepping forward and extending a hand. "Tony Carbonell," he said.
Natasha turned to look at him again, and while her body language was open, there was something guarded in her expression. "It's fine," she said. "But I promise you it isn't nearly as interesting as getting to know Steve as a person."
Steve continued on as if completely unaware of this development, settling in to massage Tony's shoulders, where the worst of the tension was centered. Tony made a soft, pained noise when Steve's thumbs dug in on a particularly bad spot, and Steve leaned in to kiss the back of his neck.
General Nicholas Fury, head of the Army's Strategic Scientific Reserve, assured the press in an official statement today that "Cap will be at the ready to return for any threat looming on the horizon. In the meantime, we people of the United States owe him our gratitude for his service, and the dignity of a quiet retirement."
"Coulson, mostly," she said.
"It's ... not what I was expecting," Steve says. "It doesn't seem your style."
Coming down the ramp behind Tony, last off the jet, Steve frowned. He wanted to point out that Tony would likely feel much better with food - using any kind of superpowers took a lot out of a person, no matter where those powers came from - but he didn’t want to mother hen. He would just make sure to gently suggest a slice or two once the pizza arrived; smelling food usually made the idea of having any a lot more appealing.
It wasn't just the war, of course, that fueled them years ago, but the idea that they might be dead tomorrow certainly made a compelling argument for giving in to their desires. Steve wishes the similarity didn't lend a fatalistic overtone to the here and now, because for their years of separation, however much he might have lied to himself, he has never stopped wanting Tony.
Steve rolls everything up and puts it in his bag, and stows the bag in the coat closet by the front door. He checks the interior of the closet while he's there, feeling the pockets of the single coat - it doesn't get cold enough in Madripoor to warrant a coat for warmth; this trench coat of Tony's is probably to keep the rain off - hanging inside for anything, but they're empty.
"Much," Tony agrees, taking a moment to enjoy the view, like always.
Steve didn't bother looking embarrassed; they were far, far past that point. "No."
Tony looks rather the worse for wear, his skin pale against the brightly colored silk of the robe he is wearing. A crystal tumbler dangles from his hand, with a bit of liquor still inside. Tony's expression goes pinched for a moment, before he opens the door wider and stands aside for Steve to enter.
Steve was, strictly speaking,
“That was amazing,” Steve murmured, “but I really missed kissing you.”
Coulson sighed, telling himself for a solid ten seconds that he was not going to rise to the bait. Then he set down his mug and promptly responded, "Fine. I'll take that wager."
She came back in time for them to endure a somewhat awkward round of Secret Santa, where the kids exchanged gifts and Tony happened to have some random presents on hand to dole out to the adults, too. It seemed like a pretty mixed bag, without real intent for usefulness to the particular person who received each thing; Steve ended up with what seemed like a very nice set of beakers (not that he had much of a frame of reference), while Natasha got a desk ornament that proclaimed itself a 'Newton's cradle' on the box.
"I'm ...
"That's what I've been - oh,
for Tony, then, for the betrayal he could see written on Tony's face, no matter how hard he was obviously trying to hide it. "I'm sorry."
“That’s what I don’t know,” Steve said. He pushed up from the workbench and stepped over to look through their files on Iron Man. “All these years of criminal activity, and no one knows who he is?”
"Isn't that the truth." Tony pauses, and after a hesitant moment, reaches down to unfasten the cover. He slides the strap off his shoulder and tugs the entire thing off, setting it on the floor next to the bed before he settles into the pillows again.
Tony's own smile widens into a wolfish grin. "You should let me help you out of it."
But the knowledge itched at Steve, nagged at him, and once they were on board the dirigible, once he had cleaned up and changed into some dry civilian clothes that Mr. Jarvis provided, he found himself restlessly pacing his cabin. His head was much better, the gash on his scalp already scabbed over and closing, but now he had something entirely different wrong with his head.
Tony meets with his lawyer, making some final arrangements - in secret - for the sake of the company. He makes the final revisions to his will, and as a last gesture, turns over a letter to his lawyer, to be delivered on the occasion of his death. Inside, he explains the whole truth to those he has left behind, the reasons for his leaving, his wishes not to drag them into his downward spiral.
Steve takes the gun off the next Hydra soldier who attacks him, and fires off a few disabling but hopefully non-lethal shots at the next two; these 'soldiers' look like little more than children, and Steve doesn't think they'll consider the kind of naive gullibility that led them to join up with Hydra worth their lives.
as Natasha did, and Steve found himself less on the defensive as he answered, "Wasn't much of a date. We just watched movies."
Tony stares back at Steve, and for a moment Steve thinks Tony might close the distance between them, but the spell lasts only seconds before Tony's expression goes dark, shuttered.
Sternberg slams the door shut once they're inside, and Steve blinks as his eyes adjust to the well-lit space. The laboratory looks very sophisticated, much more than Steve would have expected out of the basement of a house. It seems to have Tony Stark's fingerprints all over it.
"I don't care about any of that," Steve says, stepping closer. "I only care about you."
Steve closes the door, and moves to join them at the bed as he offers, "Let us take care of you."
distracted by all the soldiers in London, then."
The doors slide open a moment later, admitting Steve into the room. He is still dressed from his mission, cowl hanging down behind his neck; it reminds Tony that he has an idea for a helmet to provide a greater layer of protection to the uniform, but for the time being he basks simply in the wash of relief he feels at seeing Steve in one piece again. Captain America out in the field without Iron Man to watch his back, well ... it just gives Tony an awkward sense of foreboding to think of it.
Tony snuffled a little and sat up when he awoke, groggily focusing on Steve. “Huh?”
"I'm really sorry I'm too tired to have you elaborate on that further," Tony admits around a yawn.
the picture - after all, as he noted earlier, Tony knows how
Natasha did, at least, seem determined not to let Steve brood over it much longer. She met him in the kitchen when he returned, handing him first a glass of water - which he chugged down with enthusiasm - then a mug of hot cocoa with two huge marshmallows melting on the surface, which managed to drag a smile out of Steve. Everyone who didn't know her well - which was a lot of people - thought Natasha was just cool and calculating, but she was good at reading people, which actually made her pretty thoughtful and considerate, too.
But Steve Rogers wasn't most of the world, and since the Avengers had moved in to Stark Tower, Tony's own personal dress code around the place seemed to be limited to jeans and t-shirts. Even when he and Steve started dating, Tony kept it casual, doing little more than tossing on a button-down and a nice jacket with his jeans. On the rare occasion that he did venture out in a suit, Tony always practically stripped out of it and reappeared in greasy garage wear within thirty seconds of arriving back home.
“Nothing’s keeping this thing in the air,” Black Widow called.
Steve set down his shield and crossed over to the couch, careful not to disturb any of the papers as he sat down next to Tony. “Tony, what’s going on?”
“Thanks,” Tony said softly.
"You helped me with an important mission," Steve says. "I couldn't have done it without you."
There really wasn't much to see in Steve's bedroom; it looked like the living space of a person who had only just moved in, which it was. Only a few personal belongings, like books and art supplies, littered any of the spaces, along with the few pictures that Steve was honestly now a bit embarrassed to have, given they were obviously fake. Tony did a slow turn around the room, then he reached past Steve to push the door shut.
Steve fumbled with the phone as he typed in his number, feeling like his hands were too big and too clunky for the sleek screen; at least he had the cold as an excuse for numbing the pads of his fingers. Steve was relieved again for his good memory bringing the brand new cell phone number - with an area code and prefix for the city of his supposed former college - immediately to mind, and he handed the phone back to Tony as soon as he was done typing in the number.
"Oh, really?" Tony smiled. "Let's see ... I remember a vacancy for a guidance counselor and a librarian. You don't strike me as either, so I'm not going to make assumptions."
The last of Tony's caffeine buzz has worn off by the time he makes it to his bedroom, and his limbs are sluggish as he peels out of his clothes and goes to flop into bed. It isn't until Tony lands - getting a firm forearm right across his ribcage - that he realizes Steve has decided to sleep in his room tonight. That shouldn't be a surprise, given Steve has slept in his room
Tony got to his feet and paced along the width of the classroom; he stopped and stared at a poster of the periodic table that was tacked up on the wall.
Steve shifts on the stool next to Tony's, but that is his only sign of discomfort. Tony changes the subject just the same, unsure whether Steve wants to air their business to this other universe's Iron Man.
Tony laughs again, and this time the sound sends a pleasant warmth blossoming through Steve.
just humoring me?" Tony asked. He held his chin high, but there was a waver in his voice.
Tony snorts softly, and goes to pour himself a refill. "Can I get you a drink? You'll find I haven't lost all my manners."
Steve was relieved that Natasha would be accompanying him, at least. He had proposed a backstory of the two of them being involved, maybe even married, as a cover for knowing each other, but Coulson had vetoed that rather soundly, for reasons Steve didn't comprehend. They had agreed the two of them could rent a house together, though, for the sake of cutting costs; they appeared to be just two young professionals not long out of college, after all.
The middle school library was nothing like Steve would have known from the last time he set foot in school as a student, but he found it fascinating. He could only imagine what his educational experience might have been like with the aid of computer technology and the Internet providing so much free information right at his fingertips. The school in his neighborhood had been poor, like most of the students who attended and teachers who provided the instruction for it; though the library was stocked with a fair number of the classics - which Steve had eagerly devoured - the books' spines and pages had been well-worn, covers seemingly held together with their librarian's tenacity.
Tony rushed into the hospital just in time to hear his father pronounced dead.
"I'm glad I survived your process of elimination," Steve said dryly. He walked around to the passenger side of the car and slid in once Tony was seated behind the wheel. The car was small and Steve had to hunker down a little to fit comfortably without grazing his hair against the headliner.
Tony reaches down and takes Steve's hand in his own, leading the way toward the bedroom. Steve goes without protest, but with a bit more caution than he applied the night before, still feeling the sting of having woken up alone.
It wasn't the neatest or most well-timed kiss Steve had ever experienced, but Tony certainly got points for enthusiasm, going so far as to slip in a bit of tongue while Steve was hesitating in surprise. Steve closed his eyes and kissed back, while it lasted, until finally Tony released him and stepped back, still smiling broadly.
At the stop sign at the end of the street, Steve squinted in the wing mirror and found his pen from earlier, quickly scribbling the other car's license plate number on the palm of his hand. It was probably nothing - Natasha would laugh at him for being paranoid, later, Steve was sure - but Steve knew he'd have more peace of mind if he just ... checked. A strange car sitting in a residential neighborhood at almost four in the morning wasn't
"I don't believe that," said Tony, "but thank you for trying to make me feel better."
It takes a long moment for them to get sorted out again, untangled and cleaned up as well as can be expected, and piled into bed in some semblance of order. Whether Anthony will stay the night with them isn't even a question; Steve and Tony just fold him up under the covers with themselves, and they all drift to an exhausted and satisfied sleep.
"I really want to talk," Steve says, indulging Tony as far as he feels he must. "In private."
“I get it, the shield’s your gig,” Tony said. He slid his arm out of the straps and offered it back to Steve. “Stars and stripes aren’t my color, anyway.”
Those were famous last words, if ever Steve had uttered any. He was
"Steve," Tony says carefully. "I never elaborated on it in the magazine, I didn't allow Pepper to write about it, but Baron Zemo? Turned out to be my father. Howard."
Tony grins. "Yes, I suppose it is. You mean you boys saw that one way out here?"
"I should have known you'd follow me here," Tony says, once Steve is inside, and he's closed and locked the door.
"Sternberg gave me this," Steve says, scrambling through his jacket pockets.
Tony pulled a face. "Your metaphor needs some work, Cap."
Anthony smiles at them both. "Thank you," he says. "For the hospitality - and the amazing sex. I'll see you later."
The next thing Iron Man knew, he was being tossed aside like a ragdoll; of course, for all the fact that the Krampus wasn't bothered at all by the weight of an entire suit of armor, the cubicles on the office level gave easily under the impact. Iron Man crashed through office after office after office, particleboard shattering beneath the weight. By the time he finally came to a halt, he was half into a supply closet, with sticky note pads raining down onto his head and a group of H.E.R.B.I.E. bots beeping at him as they hovered overhead and tutted for the mess he'd made.
"Come on," Tony said around his own snickering, "I think we could be generous, and at least give it 'pitchfork' as a comparison. Or trident? Nah, that doesn't explain why Attuma wasn't more into him. Me? Whatever."
A cool metal hand landed on Steve’s shoulder and put him steady.
"I can tell," said Steve. "What kind of car is this, anyway?"
They lapsed into silence for a few moments longer, then Tony wondered, "Hey. What did you do to get on Krampus' naughty list?"
"Then why don't we start here," Steve said, leaning in to kiss Tony.
When Tony Stark first meets Steve Rogers, it’s on move-in day for the Strategic Scientific Reserve. The S.S.R., under supervision of one grumpy Colonel Phillips and his inexplicably grumpier commanding officer, General Fury, has commandeered space in the complex devoted to Stark Labs’ temporary home in London. Tony himself pulled many strings to procure this space, and Fury and Phillips were all too happy to grab on to the ends and tow their people along. Underground real estate is scarce in London these days, of course, so it’s only somewhat grudgingly (and very compulsorily) that Tony gives up a sliver of it for the S.S.R.’s work.
," Agent Carter's voice comes over the radio.
"These are from my favorite donut shop," he said, wishing he had some better topic to speak of.
She shrugged. “All in a day’s work for Tony Edwards.”
, but he didn't press the issue; whatever Natasha wasn't saying, she had a reason.
"What's on?" he wondered.
, had not made much of a difference in Steve’s feelings, only the manner in which he was willing to act on them. Not that there seemed too much sense in confessing an attraction to someone he’d never seen outside a suit of armor. He might as well be fancying a robot.
Virginia “Pepper” Potts, the woman behind the
“We saved the world,” Steve agreed, smiling softly back at him. “And you cooked, so I’m going to do dishes, then - hopefully - we can go to bed and get some rest.”
Tony bit his lower lip, a habit that Steve was beginning to find endearing. "Do you want to stay here tonight?"
Steve's stomach was growling again now, so he headed into the kitchen to make lunch and clean up from his breakfast. He put his phone on to charge after lunch, and settled back onto the couch, thrumming now with nervous energy. He wondered where Natasha was, and decided she probably wouldn't reappear before the party.
Reed is even able to provide a glimpse for Anthony to his own universe, ensuring that all is well, and they slip a message through to the other Avengers. It turns out that the four Avengers have been gone only a few weeks, and while the remaining heroes in their world have certainly been worried about their absence, they have been handling things capably enough.
"What ... what is it?" Iron Man asked.
Natasha smiled. “Maybe when this war is all over.”
Hydra. When you showed up, I went and reported back to my Hydra superiors that you were here."
Stark's expression turns disappointed. "Steve? You're not -"
Steve scrambles out of bed to follow Tony to the en suite. He dampens a washcloth and offers it over; Tony takes it, but swats away Steve's attempts to look any closer.
Steve stared for a moment, until Tony threw back his head and laughed.
Tony turns away, reaching for his drink. "I've been visited by SHIELD before, you know. They think I'm working for the enemy."
approve, enough that - in spite of the fact it worked - you’re upset about it now.”
Steve looked down at Tony’s hands, then up at Tony’s face; he dragged his lower lip between his teeth, considering the temptation on offer here. As if sensing that Steve was close to caving in, Tony went in for the kill and eased one leg up, pressing his thigh right against Steve’s groin. Traitor that it was to all of Steve’s sense of propriety and decorum, his cock almost immediately stirred at the suggestion.
"What time is our meeting, again?" Steve asked, as they fell into step together down the sidewalk.
came out.”
"Want to finish me off without a fight, then?" Tony wonders. "I don't know why I would have expected any more out of you."
"Only worried about what happens now." Steve shifted and cupped his hand at the back of Tony's neck, tugging him close for a kiss.
"Confidential, I know," Peggy says. "When we took in Arnim Zola at the end of the war, he gave us the intel that a new Zemo had been anointed, only he didn't know who it was."
Steve got up and stripped out of his pajama pants and his briefs, and left his clothes draped neatly on the chair by the bed. Tony stretched out on his side and watched, enjoying the view even in his tired state.
-- Representatives of the United States Army announced today that after more than half a decade spent defending the American way, Captain America will be heading on a new mission: retirement.
Later that evening, once Tony and Jim are out of the armor and they've all had dinner, Tony retires to his cabin and settles in with his schematics, fresh graphing paper, and a set of good pencils. He misses his workshop fiercely these days, not finding much time to get back to Manhattan with a war on, but when he has a spare moment, Tony does like to jot down design ideas and improvements for the armors. The earlier idea of figuring out how to streamline the design sticks in Tony's mind in particular.
hear Cap and Iron Man are probably doing it."
When Tony bends himself over Steve's back and wraps his hand around Steve's cock, Steve comes with barely a touch, his body wracked with the force of it.
Tony stared down at Steve’s hand, took a breath, and retracted his own gauntlet before reaching out to clasp it. “Partners.”
Steve, much like the rest of the world, thought Tony was an incredibly handsome man. Tony's body was lean and well-toned, and for all the fact that he claimed physical shortcomings next to the team's SHIELD complement, he was definitely no desk jockey. His arms were wiry muscle and he had the strong, callused hands of a man who was used to getting his hands dirty, even if his nails were always immaculately well-manicured.
you find me?"
“Mm, looks like you’re just big all over,” Tony said, glancing up to see Steve’s fair cheeks coloring with a flush; desire or embarrassment, Tony wasn’t sure.
Peggy nods. "What about it?"
"And I am?"
Steve cards his fingers in Tony's hair and gradually leans down for a kiss, which Tony happily obliges. When Steve breaks apart, he says softly, a little petulantly, "I wanted to do that for you."
“Not that kind of itch,” Tony said, and from the dark of the back of the jet, Steve could see him walk toward the computer terminal. “The kind that tells you something’s not right.”
“I’ve had my suspicions,” Steve said. “In my gut, I feel forced to be something I’m not. That’s why I went off the grid — didn’t know who to trust.”
"I wanted to see you," Steve says honestly. "Even if I weren't here on assignment, if I'd found out you were here, I would've come anyway."
“It’s okay,” Tony said. “I love you anyway.”
Tony sighs. "I can't believe that Hydra is still a problem. They should have been wiped out at the end of the war."
Steve shook his head. “This is a
"I was in the Army," Steve said. "But ... I was lucky enough that my best friend and I were stationed together." There, that was neither a lie nor too much of the truth. Certainly it was a broad enough story that it could apply to practically any service member.
"Let's hope it doesn't come to that." Steve gestures at the tank. "Do you need some help?"
"Just sketching a little."
"Is this really necessary?" Tony goes on. "As if I'm going to run with a dozen guards holding me at gunpoint?"
The rest of the group — the
"I don't suppose you know how to lower the garage door," Steve said.
"Hi."
"Hmm." Tony situated himself to straddle Steve's lap, knees coming to rest on the bench either side of Steve's thighs. "I don't know, I think we could make it work."
Namor waves, dismissive. "To be perfectly honest, Rogers," he says, "I thought you'd heard and that was why you summoned me here. But I suppose if that were the case, you would have brought the woman with you."
Tony smiles faintly. "Just don't tell anyone, yeah?"
"Yeah," Steve said. "Thanks for inviting me."
"Hell of a time to move," Tony said. "Close to the holidays and all."
The atmosphere of the quinjet was tense on the way home. In spite of a job well done - defeating Galactus, in a way that carried more weight and permanence this time, was no joke - they were all exhausted from a cross-dimensional jaunt followed by travel into deep space. Even Thor and the Hulk were quiet. Steve let Clint and Sam take over the controls (with the help of JARVIS) while he went to the back of the jet to check on Tony.
want to be more than that?" Tony asked.
, and Steve straightens to kiss him, an obvious apology in the way he does it. Tony moves back when Steve gets up and bodily lifts Anthony further back onto the bed; Steve follows closely after, settling between Anthony's thighs as he kisses him again. When they break the kiss, both of them look at Tony in question, but Tony just gives an offhanded wave before crawling over to rummage in the bedside table drawer.
It was a terribly cheesy thing to say, but somehow Quill pulled it off. Steve had to admit to himself that, for a guy who went around calling himself something as pretentious as ‘Star Lord,’ Quill was in fact pretty charming. The thought did not set well with Steve.
"What is he doing in Madripoor?"
"Hand me that cable over there?" Tony asks, gesturing to the console he was working at earlier.
"Speaking of ..."
“The more of your technology we take out of the hands of those who will misuse it, the better - and I want to help.”
Steve sighed. "That ... does, actually, bring me around to something else I was wondering."
Tony grinned, seizing the opportunity to lighten the mood. He knew that there was more he and Steve should discuss, that Tony had a lot more feelings to unpack from the day’s experiences, but ... well, he was also pretty sure Steve would understand if it needed to wait for another time. “You’re
Tony looked at him. “My itch is scratched.”
Steve laughs. "You must be
"Are you about to break up with me?" Tony wondered abruptly. He wasn't sure why those were the words that came out of his mouth, but now there was no taking it back, and he was a little concerned that he had given Steve such an easy opening. There was nothing to do now but own it. "Because if you are, I mean, you don't have to ease me into it, I can --"
Anthony breathes out something close to a
have been heard by everyone else in the penthouse at the moment. As Tony went boneless against the bed, twitching with the aftershocks of his orgasm, Steve slowed his pace to a complete standstill, and leaned down to kiss Tony.
- telling you," Steve says. There isn't much Steve can do except for remaining still and letting Tony set the pace, but he does so beautifully, blond hair sticking up in disarray and cheeks red with effort.
The kiss is brief and chaste, a quick, sweet press. Steve's lips are chapped from wind exposure, but Tony wouldn't change the moment for anything.
"I did, once," Steve says. He doesn't mention that he didn't like it. "That was enough for me."
Steve lowers himself to the ground and risks a glance inside. The men aren't looking his way, busy searching the lab, rummaging through papers, and the few remaining beakers and vials.
Steve secured an arm under Tony, supporting the man's weight easily, and braced his other hand against the shower wall for balance. "You could say I'm ...
Steve smiled a little. "Whatever happens, I want you to know I've got your back."
"Come on, Steve," Tony complained. He had no idea what Steve was doing to him, in that Tony felt like a horny teenager all over again; they'd just fucked this morning before he left for the office, and Steve had already shown up by mid-afternoon to do it all over again.
Steve started, which ruined his concentration on the game; the app beeped with the sounds of a distressed (losing) tone while he looked up at the person who'd interrupted him.
Tony seemed asleep already, with an arm draped frankly a bit dramatically over his eyes, but he broke Steve's concentration by mumbling, "This is why we don't have sex in your room."
around Christmas?"
In Steve's peripheral vision, Agent Drew gives the slightest twitch; she's surprised. Good, that means she must be the real deal, or a very talented actress. Steve hopes like hell that it's the former.
a boy scout," Steve murmured. He huffed a soft laugh right against Tony's ear, the kind that sent a shiver down Tony's spine.
The new command center takes the largest space in the facility, next to the storage bay and hangar for the armors and the dirigible. While Tony has run several missions for General Fury, he is not, in the strictest sense, interested in the spirit of collaboration with the S.S.R., due in no small part to the fact that Colonel Phillips is the sort of no-nonsense soldier who tends to think of Tony as being useful only to the extent that his genius and wealth can benefit the Reserve.
Tony had a funny look on his face, one which just intensified as he blurted, "I thought we were just friends with benefits."
"Never done this before?" Steve asks, and his voice sounds just as strained.
“Warning,” Black Widow said, before she took off after Nighthawk.
By the time Steve woke in the morning, his internal clock functioning on a reliable schedule despite the lack of windows and sunlight, Tony was already up and at it. Steve turned over and found a cup of coffee and a bagel - sesame seed, his favorite - waiting for him on the coffee table, which had been cleared of Tony’s mess from the night before.
"Had me convinced," Tony says, with fast fading bravado.
"Look, Tony ..." Steve gestured with his hands for a helpless moment before finally dropping them into his lap. "I didn't approve of this from the start. Director Fury convinced me it was for the greater good ... that Obadiah Stane needed to be stopped."
Rhodey had to leave once they were done with Disney World, forced to return to concerns outside Tony's bubble, though he made sure to extract a promise that Tony would keep in touch before he left to board his flight. Tony made good on that, mailing postcards from Georgia and Tennessee and Kentucky as he continued his strange, circuitous route through the country, determined to hit every state he could without getting on a plane.
Steve's expression goes pinched for a moment. "Where did you get these ...
Steve turns to face him. "Why
At that, to Tony's surprise, he dismisses the soldiers with a gesture. Tony tests his bonds, but finds the angle a bit awkward with the high back of the chair rising all the way above his head.
. It felt odd to think that his first date in seventy years was going to be with someone he hardly knew, under very false pretenses. Then again, he supposed his blind double dates with the girls Bucky set him up with hadn't been far off from that.
Tony walked toward the door, closer to Steve. "Just doing your job?"
"Seems to me you've gotten
startle Steve right into wondering when he’d earned a reputation as such a hardass among his teammates), so Steve placed a hand on his shoulder in reassurance and offered a grateful smile. “Thank you, Clint.”
up over what happened.”
“Huh.” Tony stared at the screen for a long moment. “Let’s keep tabs on our mystery man, see what comes out of it. We might have an ally on our hands.”
That seems like a better place to leave it than a real 'goodbye,' so Tony steals one last kiss before turning back toward the portal with Steve. Just as they're about to return home, though, Steve hesitates.
“That was ...” Steve hesitated, searching for words.
"He also said Tony Stark is living in Hightown," Steve says.
Tony's posture sagged in relief, and he reached out to return the favor, eager hands pushing down Steve's briefs. Unfortunately, a genius I.Q. didn't really guarantee that Tony had a lengthy attention span to go along with it, and Tony didn't get much further than pushing the underpants down around Steve's thighs before he got distracted in wrapping his hand around Steve's cock.
“Oh.” Tony scooted toward the edge of the bed and went eagerly for the water and aspirin. “Thanks.”
"Okay," Tony says. "I'll try."
Steve walked back over from looking out the front windows, settled into the squashy recliner that didn't remotely match the couch, and proceeded to inhale his donut.
Naturally, Hawkeye was the first to voice an objection. “Listen, tin guy, this land of misfit villains thing isn’t my style.”
For all the times they had done this sort of thing - often enough to be called several, few enough to fall short of a
They crashed onto the frozen ground with a thud, sending up a puff of powdery snow as the first of the fireworks went off overhead.
"Morning." Steve decided to return the favor from the other morning, getting down a mug and filling it for Natasha this time. He slid it her way and asked, "You hungry?"
Tony didn’t seem to mind that Steve wasn’t sharing in his moment of opening up. “I miss him,” he said, staring resolutely down at the sandwiches. “Did you know him?”
Kissing Tony was much better here in the warm comfort of this bedroom than it had been at the crowded party, and Tony seemed to think so too, if the way he eagerly wound his arms around Steve was any indication. The tickling of a beard against his face was something new for Steve to take time out and enjoy now in a way he hadn't been able to before.
"Steve," she says gently. "We know that Howard Stark was Baron Zemo. One of the Baron Zemos, at least."
"Then we'll get a place together," Tony says. "Or I'll build you a house. I'll build you ten houses. You said yourself - no one cares what we do here."
“Something tells me he’s perfectly capable of avoiding that,” Steve said.
"Well, my money's on Natasha."
As far away and as close as the Lower East Side, a young Steve Rogers picked up the magazine, lured in by the colorful cover and its promise of adventure tales to rival even those of the Midnight Racer. He was hooked.
"I'm in a good mood," Steve said. "I feel good. I want to, well,
Tony nodded. "Pretty sure getting shot took a little more out of him than he let on."
Natasha leaned in under the pretense of giving Steve a one-armed hug, but before she pulled away she whispered, a bit wickedly, "There's mistletoe in the kitchen doorway, and another sprig by the stairs."
Steve has a destination in mind, and after the morning, an even stronger suspicion that Tony might be able to give him some of the answers that he seeks after all. Peggy might have been right in her suggestion that Steve lacks the objectivity for this task, but Steve is feeling determined to prove her - and even more so, himself - wrong.
“Still number one, I see,” he said out loud.
"I'd like to show you just how much I missed you," Steve added meaningfully.
“I had a lot of respect and admiration for your father, Tony,” he said after a moment. “Howard Stark was a brilliant man. I owe a lot to him, from the creation of my shield, to being the only pilot crazy enough to take me behind enemy lines to rescue my best friend.”
“I can’t stop being Iron Man,” Tony said. “You know why.”
Tony snorted and put the mug back where it had been. "I've got a type."
correct, the room was empty save for crate upon crate of undoubtedly priceless items, stamped with markings indicating origin, destination, and coded hints as to their contents.
Steve spends the first hour of his morning in Lowtown, shaking down a few locals, which doesn't yield particularly satisfying results. With matters regarding Tony still weighing on his mind, and few other leads to go on, Steve decides to look up the address he found in Tony's suite. Tony's appointment might have been something as innocent as seeing his tailor for the fitting of a new suit, but Steve has a certain curiosity to satisfy, about what would drag a notoriously hungover, cranky Tony out of bed.
be letting their guard down.”
“So,” Tony finally said, “I guess if I can believe you’re a popsicle from nearly a century ago, you can believe I actually saw a glimpse into an alternate reality?”
"Please," Steve says softly. "I just want to talk."
"Well," Steve says. "I was just thinking. Wondering. When you said 'don't be sorry,' was it just because you were being nice, or -"
“You take such good care of us ... of me,” Steve said. “I just want to take care of you, too.”
Steve wakes up with his face mashed against his arm and a fly buzzing somewhere near his ear. He swats ineffectually at it and tries to go back to sleep, but his conscious mind processes a second later
were the one who attacked
Tony opened his mouth to respond, then closed it with a click of his teeth.
"Are you here to arrest me?" Tony asks.
This is the most uninterrupted time they've had to spend together, just the two of them, in all the years they've known each other, and Steve isn't quite sure what he'll do when it has to come to an end.
on that mission to take down Zola. (If he had been on that mission to take down Zola, an insidious part of Tony's mind adds, he wouldn't have faced von Strucker to such disastrous results.)
He pressed his hands down harder on the wound, and Steve laughed in spite of himself, wincing when it made the pain even worse.
Ultimately, Steve felt a bit better when Tony came first - not that it was a contest - as it was rather freeing to get to let go and follow immediately thereafter. He did his best
Tony's smile is wicked as he looks Steve over from head to toe, one searing glance. "Would you like that, Commander?"
"I understand," Anthony says. He glances around the lab, before offering Tony a small smile. "It's weird, how many things are the same, how many are similar but slightly off. I'm sure some are just entirely different."
Steve's tradition of having lunch with Pepper every other Tuesday began several months ago, when she first ran dry of ideas for the magazine. The largely exaggerated exploits of Iron Man and Captain America still run monthly, even though it has been a long time since the two heroes have had any adventures together.
Steve nodded; he didn't look suspicious of Tony's true motive, which was to talk to Steve before everyone else barged in. "Well, I'm glad you're here."
"The world concept was my idea, but I've got someone who helps with the little story details." Tony sat down on the arm of Steve's chair. It was an awfully intimate move, unconscious of personal space.
Rhodey helped out, taking cash and quietly buying a car for Tony to drive. It was the oldest, ugliest car Tony had ever driven - even though it was only five years old and not
"Yeah." Tony closes his eyes as he thinks of Howard, the memory painful. Watching his beloved father slowly decline into madness ... only recently learning why. "The heart pump was the last great thing he ever created - well, that, and the basic design for the armor."
That Tony Edwards did not exist was not much of a problem. The fact that he was just a proxy for the very real exploits of a young woman known as Natasha Stark, might have been.
"Yep." Tony leaned in and kissed Steve, putting a clever bit of tongue to use in proving his point. "Maybe I'll show you later."
Steve nods. "Yeah."
The only other agent left standing, this one a man, asks a question in German; the woman quickly responds with low-pitched words, after which Steve hears footsteps, the sound of something (a body, his mind supplies) being dragged across the floor, and the bedroom door closing.
Zemo's hand glints silver in the low light of the warehouse as he raises it to bear on Steve; a very familiar looking gauntlet, similar to one of those found on the Iron Man, encases his fingers.
"I don't know what I think," Steve says. He's being honest. "Tony went through a lot, during the war. We all did, but you know how hard the armor was on his heart. Maybe ... maybe he just retired."
"That's quite a legacy to live up to," Steve agrees.
"Roommate," Tony repeated, sounding thoughtful.
Tony rolling his eyes.
"Hmm." Steve kisses Tony behind his ear, near his hairline. "What do you make of him?"
Going on an op with Steve Rogers is one way for Tony to keep life interesting, at least. He's there to watch Steve's back, and helps to take Steve's mark, Kashmir Vennema, into custody, along with Batroc the Leaper and his gang. The part where the Bleeding Edge nearly melted permanently out of his pores thanks to a high-tech virus was a little less fun, but Tony still gives the evening at least an eight out of ten on the fun scale.
Tony remains like that the rest of the night, unable to find sleep of his own, but content to keep vigil over Steve. It feels selfish, even so; Tony can feel the door closing on this chapter of his life. Their time together is limited ... Tony doesn't know how many more times he will get to hold Steve, before the dark thing growing in his mind turns him into someone Steve won't recognize anymore.
Steve was already half-hard in his pants, and his cock eagerly responded to Tony’s touch, the way that Tony mouthed at the bulge of Steve’s growing erection through the layers of fabric. In spite of the purposeful way that Tony tugged down Steve’s zipper, it felt like an eternity before Steve was finally freed from the confines of his uniform.
"Steve Larsen."
Steve does stop arguing, but he's still quietly weeping, tears running down his cheeks and off the slope of his nose. His eyes are red and swollen.
"What is it?" Tony asks softly.
pass out half way through the kiss, and slides into an unconscious slump against Steve's shoulder. Steve tries to wake him up, but ultimately is left with little to do but hold him until help arrives.
"New uniform?" Tony asks, once Steve has taken the seat beside him.
Tony Stark might be in love.
Tony reached back, awkwardly fumbling for Steve's hip, to press him forward, and found that Steve had apparently not wasted any time in getting
and tried unsuccessfully to corrupt your professional life, that brings me to the other thing I came by here for."
The focus moved in on a little girl standing in the crowd behind them, clutching her pet chihuahua. “Go Avengers!” she cried.
"No," Steve says. "I'm ... I'll go. I'll be fine, Peggy."
"It has a way of growing on you," Tony agreed. "I'm pretty sure it's never really the place, just the way you feel when you're there, the people you have with you."
New Year's Eve arrived without any further incident; there had been no more sightings of the mysterious vehicle, and Tony sent Steve a text message early in the afternoon to confirm their evening plans. The school district considered it a holiday, so Steve had no work obligations related to his cover or to SHIELD.
Tony was laughing as he got into the passenger seat. Steve waited until he had the door closed before turning back to Natasha.
Tony seemed satisfied not to question further; maybe because he didn't want to speak extensively about
Steve was shown around the library by his new supervisor - technically
The back of the lab has a single narrow window, set high in the basement wall, just on level with the garden outside. Steve decides it will have to do. He swings himself up, grabbing one of the exposed beams in the ceiling, and kicks out the glass. He barely fits through, but finds the garden outside mercifully empty.
"Great," Tony said, putting the phone back into his pocket. "I'll text you so you'll have my number, and we'll go from there."
"Tony," Steve said, exasperation creeping into his tone.
Tony squinted, shifting his gaze down to Steve again. “I don’t catch your meaning.”
good, Jessica," the woman - who can only be Madame Hydra - practically purrs. "Captain America, brought to his knees at last."
“And ...” Tony hesitated. “I’m sorry. For not telling you.”
Baron Wilhelm von Strucker waits inside a lushly appointed room, looking for all the world like a man on the winning side of a battle. Tony could understand it even if the Nazis were on the winning side of the
Steve dives to the side as she squeezes off her shot, and it takes out the dresser mirror instead. Steve rushes behind the bed to use it for cover, popping over the edge of the mattress to fire off a few shots of his own.
Barton took the cup and muttered a thanks, but Coulson could see the argument coming from the several feet that he happened to not be standing away at the moment.
Tony grabbed the edge of the counter with one hand, and buried the fingers of his other hand in Steve's hair. Steve moaned agreeably at this handling, the sound vibrating right through Tony's groin and adding to the sensation; it only got more intense as Steve hollowed his cheeks like he was trying to suck Tony's brain out through his dick.
Steve snorted. "You and me both, I guess."
"I don't know," Steve says. He doesn't even know what
"What are we watching?" Steve asked, after getting down a mouthful of spicy noodles.
"Huh."
“Well,” Tony said. “Lucky for me you’re not in the Squadron, or else you’d have to throw me in jail right now.”
"Anthony?" Tony asks. "I don't think we have anything to worry about from him by way of trouble, if that's what you mean."
"Forgive me, Doctor, but why call you in for Tony's case?" Steve asks, glancing between Banner and Peggy.
"Only guys you're also willing to take bullets for," Tony said, brushing his hand down Steve's side, skirting around the bandage.
Steve’s heart dropped into his stomach as he watched the flash of the explosion in the dark clouds overhead. He wanted to shout, or scream, but there was only one course of action ahead that might fix this, that might bring Tony back, and Steve had to see it through. Even if Tony didn’t come back on the other side, Steve knew that the sacrifice had not been given lightly.
Despite the odds, though, Thor turned to the Hulk and asked, “Are you joining?”
showers, they headed up to Tony's shower, a generous tiled space with two massive showerheads that made the seemingly endless supply of hot water into a truly luxurious experience. Tony stooped to turn on the tap, not that the water in Avengers Tower ever seemed to
They sat at the table by the window and ate in companionable silence for a while, until Tony's knowing stare became a bit too intense for Steve to endure.
“Avengers - assemble!”
Tony raised his eyebrows. “Says the vigilante who uses his super strength to anonymously save old ladies from purse snatchers.”
"Ajax is toilet cleaner," Steve said patiently.
But Tony’s walls, those last barriers around what was left of his personal life that he kept carefully protected from Steve, had already gone up again. “It’s okay,” he said, his attention hyper-focused on cutting the sandwiches on the diagonal, before he shifted them from the griddle to waiting plates. “You wanna grab us some bowls?”
“Glad I didn’t miss the show,” Steve said.
the idea was that Steve Rogers had been carrying around lube, with the intention of coming here just to have an afternoon fuck.
Growing up a poor orphan in Brooklyn, Steve had matured into an adulthood where - prior to joining the Army - he owned exactly one nice suit. That suit was reserved for special occasions like funerals and holiday church services, and even though it had never quite fit him properly, Steve took good care of it, always uncertain of his future in procuring another should anything happen to the one.
“Look at that,” Tony remarked appreciatively.
Steve turns onto his elbows and knees, arching his spine.
Bucky rolls his eyes and shrugs out of the parachute -
“So that’s one,” Tony said. “Captain?”
Tony pushes open the workshop doors and strides inside. The room, a temporary setup, is not quite the sophisticated Stark Labs facility that Steve was expecting, but all his potential for disappointment vanishes when he lays eyes on the armor.
"We haven't been able to
Tony's eyes flicker up to Steve's face, his own face contorting for a moment as if he wants to be angry, but simply doesn't have the energy. He reeks of whiskey; no matter how good the stuff Tony is drinking, he smells like he's bathed in it.
“... and discuss some very
Though it was in their best interests for him to remain quiet, Tony couldn't quite bite back the curse that sprang to his lips.
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitched. “As it turns out, people in glass houses and all that ...” He made a vague gesture. “You’re looking for your own kind of justice, Tony. I respect that, even if I don’t like the deception. And ... you came clean to me, so I only have one thing to ask.”
“What’s up?” Tony asked, leaning in the doorway.
The strangest thing in Steve's life was quickly becoming the fact that he enjoyed spending time with Tony. Moreover, it was exactly what he'd
“Romantic,” Steve countered, and he closed the short distance for a kiss. He relinquished his grip on the counter and worked his hand between them instead, thumbing open Tony’s jeans with relative ease.
Natasha shrugged. "I guess we'll find out."
Steve blinked his confusion, and cast a glance around the hallway. There were footsteps coming, maybe Sam on the way to his room, so Steve reached past Tony and opened the door to his own bedroom, ushering Tony inside.
Tony closed his eyes, unable to bring himself to look at Jarvis any longer. "I don't want it," he said, the words very difficult to push past the lump in his throat. "I want to ... to build things, to help people, and there's no way anyone's going to accept that. I know better than to think I get to be the head of the company in anything more than name."
"… I can’t believe we just did that," he said after a moment.
"And the bad news?" Steve asks.
, though, inexplicably; it was the sort of contact Steve hadn't actively missed, but now that he felt it, he couldn't help enjoying it.
fascinated, much later, when they bring him into a conference call, enough to keep them on the line for hours, until Ben finally interrupts in the background, come on Sue's behalf to call Reed away.
"Do a lot of people want to sleep with you because you're Captain America?" Tony wondered.
"Oh man, Cap, this is the
," he commanded, rolling over and pulling the blankets over his head, but the alarm trilled on loudly. "JARVIS! Shut it off!"
"Um."
Tony waved offhandedly. “I got cold, woke up, needed to pee, just a coincidence, I’m here to wash my hoodie, totally didn’t stalk you here at all, are you buying any of this?”
Steve rolled his eyes. “-- and then
"Fastidious," Steve said, and since Tony was awake after all, he nudged him to sit up so that Steve could peel back the covers.
It gave Steve a great moment of reflection, as he wondered briefly - very briefly - just what he was doing there. With Tony. What the two of them were doing together. Well, thinking about
"I think I can find a way to keep my mouth better occupied," Tony agrees. He pushes Steve down to sit on the bed, and goes to his knees in front of him.
"Explains all those new computers in the library."
"Agent Coulson has just returned from a deep cover assignment in Cedar Falls, Iowa." Fury keyed a button on the conference table and a screen popped up behind him, with a satellite view of the area. He pressed another button, and the view changed to what looked like a driver's license photo. "His task has been observation of this man."
Tony turned to the nondescript SHIELD sedan. "Well, I guess it's not the worst thing I've ever ridden in."
"I'm sorry," she says. "This is why I didn't tell you. I didn't want your feelings to get in the way of your objectivity on this assignment."
Tony lifted his head for a kiss, smiling when he pulled away. “You always seem to know what I need, Steve.”
Christmas Eve was fantastic. Natasha, Clint, and Steve all crowded into the kitchen and put their combined skills to use in cooking dinner, bumping elbows and jostling each other and - in Clint and Natasha's case - getting increasingly drunk on mulled wine.
Tony scooted forward and Steve eagerly moved to return the favor, then Tony’s erection was free before he really knew what was happening, and they were rocking against each other, the vibration from the washing machine actually making things all that much more intense, and Tony swore he was never going to admit that thought to
"So," Tony said again. "You're Captain America. And you were born in ..."
Tony was sitting with his head in his hands when Steve entered Iron Man’s secret lair. He was drunk, too, the evidence of it in the half-empty bottle and accompanying glass on the coffee table, amid scattered papers that were covered in notes, sketches, and mathematical equations.
Tony was silent for a moment; he looked like he was contemplating the deep meaning of life. "Well. Listen, Steve - I'm gonna get back to mingling, but I hope you enjoy yourself. Make sure you grab one of those cupcakes before you leave - I think the kids left a few."
“It’s alright,” Tony said. “I don’t think Galactus is gonna fall for that one more than once.”
it’s because I made the right call. Just because my decisions look rash, it doesn’t mean that I haven’t thought them out, and considered all the possibilities in advance. I run all those calculations because I can’t second guess myself once I’m out there.”
Steve spread his legs wide and slipped his free hand down to lightly finger his own hole; he tipped his head back against the headboard and moaned loudly, shamelessly, breath hitching with effort or maybe urgency as his other hand moved faster around his cock.
“Looks like they’re on to us, boys!” Jarvis shouted. “Watch yourselves on the descent, and God speed.”
Beneath them, between them, Anthony moans, and Steve and Tony break away from the kiss, looking down to find his attention focused on them both. Anthony makes a soft, needy sound when Tony pulls away from him, but Tony silences the noise by stooping down for a soft kiss.
Steve gives the lock one good whack with the tip of the prybar and broken metal goes skittering off across the floor. Tony rubs his hands together and moves to open the box, but Steve grabs one of his wrists and Jim the other.
you, like ... join the Squadron Supreme, run with the big boys? You’re good - really good.”
Steve hummed an acknowledgment. A moment of silence passed between them, until Tony - in the midst of nervous fidgeting - could no longer stand it.
Tony sets a battery of scans to run, and reluctantly opens a secure channel to Steve's comms. "Cap? No rush, but as soon as you get back, I think you're going to want to see this."
Resting in a padded lining within the box is a small metal sphere. A seam runs along its circumference, a clear line of separation between what Tony presumes is top and bottom. There are markings near the seam, along with notches, but he can’t decipher them as any letters or numbers in any alphabet with which he’s familiar.
Tony pushed his empty plate and bowl aside, and sat back in his chair, looking at Steve evenly. “I thought I was acting for the good of everyone.”
Steve narrows his eyes, and casts a suspicious glance back at the door. "And where are they now?"
He rolls over, and tries to fight back disappointment when he finds the other side of the bed empty.
"You know," Steve answered, as he leaned down for a kiss. "People keep telling me that."
"Bravo Team made it back as well," Jarvis says, although he shifts with the words, side-eying Jim, who is quiet off to the side. "But I've got things to attend to. Rhodes will get you up to speed."
"Huh." Tony rolled onto his side and propped himself up on an elbow to look down at Steve. "You know, my old man looked for you."
“What’s this?” Tony steps closer, to see that the top of the box is stamped with the symbol of Hydra. Warnings stenciled onto the sides of the box warn in German against tampering, and suggest caution.
Tony’s door was first, and it was open, so he steered them inside, only to cringe when he found the mess lurking behind from earlier. “I guess I should clean this up.”
"I'm glad we had this ... talk," Steve said, offering Tony a small kiss. The way he was continuing to get handsy didn't exactly suggest he was back on his best behavior, however.
Tony stepped close, ever so slightly shorter than Steve now that he was out of the armor, and reached up to release the helmet's catches. He tugged it gently off Steve's head, and tucked the helmet in the crook of his elbow.
Everyone else had filtered out by the time Steve caught up to Clint.
not to take up the mantle of Captain America once he awoke in the twenty-first century, but at the same time he knew beyond a doubt that he
When they arrived at the penthouse, Clint and Natasha headed off to take Crossbones and Grim Reaper into SHIELD custody, while Thor and the Hulk took on dinner duties, which just meant they were going to go squabble for fifteen or twenty minutes on the merits of curry versus greasy diner food, before finally letting JARVIS take it upon himself to order the team a few dozen pizzas.
"Back there," Tony said. He flung out a hand in a gesture. "In the elevator."
"No one was able to get close to him, Steve," Peggy says. "Agent Drew failed, and she's one of our most capable. We knew he'd let you in."
Steve got a glass from the cabinet and tried to keep the judgment from his tone as he said, “It’s been a long few days.”
Tony thinks he tells Steve that he'll hold him to that, but he isn't sure he actually gets the words out before drifting off.
"Yeah, me too." Tony sighed. "It was a stupid coincidence. I had this whole dumb indie movie thing going on, you know? The teenage roadtrip with my best friend after a life-changing event, trying to find myself, the whole schtick."
," Clint said, with emphasis. "I
"The secrecy sounds like a lot of trouble for no reason," Namor says. "Do you really think no one will recognize you just because there's no 'A' on your forehead?"
"SHIELD got their shit together and finally sent someone good looking," Tony said with a grin. "I mean, okay ... Coulson was pretty convincing, I had my suspicions early on. He felt like he might be one of Fury's, but he managed to convince me otherwise, mostly because he left me alone. But you ... you went at it with enthusiasm."
Steve rested his hand on Tony’s stomach, hitching up the fabric of his recently straightened t-shirt. “You’re right. It is.” He paused. “And I suppose the fact that Spider-Man is currently the most likely candidate to receive it doesn’t hurt.”
Natasha emerged from the kitchen just then with a bowl of popcorn. "Oh, you're back."
have fewer layers."
Pepper shakes her head and summons up a smile, and she spends a moment clearly casting about for a change of subject before asking, "So, where are you off to on your next assignment?"
“Or anyone, for that matter,” Steve added.
"You have me," Tony says firmly. "Me, and the rest of my little group. We're your family now, too. We might be a ragtag group of treasure hunters, but we're yours."
Tony pressed back against Steve, deliberately brushing against his hard cock. "Nice to know you didn't get bored during all that," he teased.
Maybe by the time Steve woke up, his phone would be fully charged and he could play another level or two of Tiny Robots before heading out.
Steve stops, stiffening at the words.
Natasha returned the hug with a strong embrace of her own. "Have fun, don't do anything I wouldn't do."
“No,” Tony said, soft and insistent. “Look, I’m not good with feelings, but -”
, the Hydra agent had said. What did that mean?
Last night's conversation with Natasha weighed heavily on Steve's mind, no matter how fast he ran; even the pounding of feet on the pavement and breathing in the more than slightly chilly Iowan winter air couldn't make him stop thinking about it. Steve respected Agent Coulson and trusted the man as a strategist, but he wasn't sure how he felt about the idea of being chosen for this mission because he was someone's
"Relax," she said. "I'm kidding!"
“Those and many others.”
Steve waves off Jim and Bucky’s attempts to help and carries in the box himself, while the other two men lurk just outside the doorway. Tony washes up as best he can, scrubbing grease from his forearms, and steps over to the box on the counter.
"I am assisting you in this because it's in my interest to see Madripoor freed of Hydra influence - a matter I have neither the time nor resources to see to myself," Namor says. "I'll take you there, but I wash my hands of you once you're ashore. We are no longer allies, Rogers. We simply share a common enemy, these days."
"Sorry," Steve said. "It's just - these outfits."
"This is such a beautiful beginning to our new regime!" Madame Hydra cries, her voice ringing out through the warehouse.
I went!" Tony laughed, but it was brief, and his expression sobered quickly enough. "Of all things, my car broke down here. I was running short on cash ... I had this whole idea in my head that I was gonna get dragged back to responsibility, kicking and screaming, and - I don't know, after having a few weeks to myself to just
Steve opens his mouth to argue, takes one look at Tony's expression - maybe remembering what happened when Steve first woke in the Avengers' presence, so many years ago - and simply responds, "I see your point."
- having caught up with him at last. He wakes up minutes, or maybe hours, later to the feeling of someone stroking his hair.
Tony doesn't remember much about his father now, not much about what Howard was really like, before all that happened, but he thinks Howard used to be happy. Tony has memories of his father smiling, laughing; there was none of that, after the war.
"Yes ... and Stark is guaranteed to like it even less."
Their new arrival is a mild-mannered looking man, average height and build, with little round glasses. His hair looks like it's prematurely turning gray, and his brown eyes are kind. The specialist, Steve guesses.
"That will be a little while yet," Steve says.
"Doctor - you've been hit," he says carefully.
"And my front, and the rest of me, I hope," Tony joked, as he draped himself over Steve and settled in, stretching out beneath the covers.
, Peggy!"
“Except that.”
it,” Steve pointed out.
“Today was such a day I thought some comfort food might be in order,” Tony said, gamely making an attempt to keep things light between them. “Jarvis - the original Jarvis, my dad’s butler when I was a kid - used to make this for me whenever I had a bad day.”
Tony wakes the next morning with pleasantly sore muscles and the distinct memory of the night before right at the forefront of his mind. He raises his head to find himself weighed down by Steve's arm draped over his waist, and Anthony spooned up against Steve's back. For once, Steve doesn't wake as soon as Tony shows signs of it, but Anthony is awake already. Tony risks waking Steve in order to lean across the space for a kiss.
Tony's father went mad so obviously, Tony would notice if the same were happening to him, wouldn't he? Surely Jim would notice, or Jarvis; especially Jarvis, who was present to witness Howard's degradation up close.
Steve often chided Tony about relying too heavily on the armor, telling him that he should consider a better diet and regular exercise; more often than not, Tony begged off on their sparring sessions by claiming he had so much work to do. And, to be fair, he usually did, because otherwise it would take quite a lot to convince him he had something better to do than watch Steve get all hot and sweaty while they tossed each other around.
Tony didn’t, Steve thought. Because he meant to say
Tony grinned, walking over to Steve. "I like the sleeveless look, though. Shows off your arms."
Tony thought it was at least the second hottest thing he'd ever experienced.
“Not that I mind,” Tony added after a beat. “It could be kind of hot, I guess, just - not sure if there’s like a
After a room service breakfast, Tony goes back to bed, while Steve remains awake and begins to prepare for his day. The sun is out and he's already wasted more hours than he should have, though he can't say that he regrets the decision.
Banner looks bemused. "What?"
Tony snorts softly. "I cleaned you up as best I could, with the exception of
Ultimately, Steve can make neither heads nor tails of most of the documents. A few look like specifications for parts of the Iron Man suit, possibly doodled in idle time, since as far as Steve knows, Tony hasn't touched a suit of armor in even longer than he has spent exiled. It's easy to imagine Tony, sitting at that rickety table with a hangover, sketching his armor in the margins of a page.
Tony looked tired and a little bit wilted, even in his armor; he still had his helmet off, laying on the seat beside him, and his hair drooped across his forehead. He had taken up residence at a computer console, but hardly seemed to be paying attention to the readings, his eyes glazed. He looked nothing, right now, like the glamorous billionaire who often graced magazine covers.
Steve takes up a vigil in Tony's room while they wait for the cure to take effect, for better or for worse. Steve ends up gradually dozing off with his head resting on the bed at Tony's side, the exhausting day - exhausting
let it be there ... after his return to the hotel, after the fight, if it fell out or was broken --
"There are still a few rogue Hydra agents to be tracked down and cleaned up," Steve says. "And there are rumors of movement in the area by the Soviets."
Tony knows Steve has seen under the cover from a distance before, when Jarvis has charged the repulsor pump. It isn't precisely a secret, but Tony chooses to wear the metal plate over his chest more often than not these days, just to give that added layer of durability with a war on.
"That's my five dollar word of the day," said Tony, as he wriggled himself beneath the sheets. "You like it?"
Tony nodded. "I get it," he said. "Why do you think I ran away all those years ago? You live your life in a spotlight where you feel like every dumb move you make is being watched, and when you finally get a breath of fresh air, it's ... yeah. It's nice."
"Are you having fun?" Tony asked.
The wintry atmosphere was more consistent than New York had been, at least, and Steve felt fortunate to get to see the town around Christmas. Main Street had been decorated to a festive degree, strung with garland and lights. There was an art festival coming up soon that he'd already penciled in to his calendar, having been given instruction - or maybe just friendly advice - from Agent Coulson that he should try to enjoy himself while seeing what the midwest had to offer.
“Steve.” Tony stepped closer and rested his hands on the front of Steve’s uniform, the thumb and index finger of each of Tony’s hands framing the star on Steve’s chest. “It has recently come to my attention that, of all the times we’ve
It was getting late, at any rate; Steve thought he had indulged the party long enough, so he went to snag one of the cupcakes - it was fantastic - then showed himself out.
Over the course of the next few months, Iron Man kept up his reign of corporate terror well outside the radius of Steve’s borough, eventually even expanding outside the Tri-State area. The Captain kept on operating outside the jurisdiction of the law, becoming an infuriating mystery for the 24-hour news cycle. Steve and Tony, in the meantime, progressed from casual sex to a plainclothes Steve occasionally showing up at Tony’s office with takeout for dinner and an offer to walk him home after.
"That's thoughtful of you."
"Something wrong?" Tony asked.
"He was ours, too," Anthony answers. "But he raised me after my parents died, so ..."
"Then perhaps you should take some time for the next few months. Get out of the public eye, do some traveling, and when you're ready, you can return with a clear head," Jarvis suggested.
... when the doors slam open again.
"I was
"And here I thought you'd never want to see or speak to me again," Steve said.
"Tony Stark," he says. "Not what you were expecting, Captain? Did you think I'd be taller?"
Steve triumphantly produces the vial, the one with the cryptic little symbol on the label: ∞.
, but he could not deny the facts: he kept running into Steve. Sometimes it was an accident, and okay, sometimes it was on purpose, when Tony felt like getting laid and an order of tall, dark, and handsome was too tempting to pass up.
"Really."
, Tony thought vehemently, before he returned Steve’s tentative smile with one of his own. “Okay. Let’s do it. Let’s take down a supervillain.”
was still publishing, but did not feature quite so many fantastical stories. Iron Man had been busy working for the government since before the United States formally entered the war, just like Steve himself, while most of the country remained clueless to the fact that this functioning suit of armor even existed outside of the supposed Frank Finlay’s imagination. Ms. Potts sometimes joked that she would like to write Captain America into her tales, but they both knew that was unlikely to happen.
Tony, even with his genius brain, could not remember exactly how they got from points A to B, where A was the Captain agreeing to see him home and B was Tony ending up pressed against a wall in his penthouse apartment with the guy’s tongue in his mouth and leg between his thighs, but he sincerely hoped it did
There is a certain appeal to the outlying areas of Madripoor, Steve thinks reluctantly. His artist's eye catches on the lush vegetation, the beautiful flowers, the unique architecture native to the small rural village outside Buccaneer Bay. Still, he doubts any of the thieves and war criminals come here for the orchids. Thinking of Tony Stark spending his self-imposed exile among this ilk is difficult.
When they finally break away from the kiss, Steve is as red as a beet but smiling from ear to ear.
Steve sets down the glass and places his hands on Tony's shoulders. "This isn't what I imagined it would be like," he admits.
There were a lot of confusing straps and buckles to the uniform, and Tony grunted his frustration as he pulled ineffectually at them. Then his back was hitting the soft cushions of the couch and he decided to go for what he knew - straight below the belt, that was.
Steve was not quite sure when he dozed off, but he woke up sometime later with the disoriented feeling that always came with an unexpected nap. He was still sprawled on a chair in the communal living room of the penthouse, in his uniform and boots; all the others were gone, but someone had thoughtfully draped a blanket over Steve’s torso and removed the piece of his shield that had been strapped on his arm. Steve’s heart twinged at the sight of the broken fragment of his beloved shield that lay on the coffee table. He had never before considered that it would be possible to break the shield, but if Howard Stark had been capable of forging the vibranium alloy in the first place, then the opposite might be true. Steve resolved not to think of it just now; surely there was something Tony would be able to do to fix it.
