He shoves his coat in Lestrade’s direction before stalking towards Sherlock.
"I guess the next obvious question now would be 'first kiss'," Sherlock muses, his hands in their typical thinking position, tips of his index fingers just resting on his lower lip. "So let's skip that." He meets John's curious expression with an equally curious one of his own. "First sexual experience with a man."
"Right. Male, Caucasian, I'd say mid- to late-thirties. Had been in relatively good health until fairly recently, but there are signs of rapid weight loss, and possible malnutrition. Clothes don't appear to be cheap, so he's well off. He's wrapped up against the cold, so he expected to be outside. His boots are solid but well worn, a walker of some sort. No obvious signs of violence about the head." John leans over the body further, inspecting the area of coat covering the victim's chest. There is a small hole apparent in the dark wool, the edges slightly darker. "Looks like a single shot straight to the chest. Kill shot."
Sherlock correctly perceives what is the cause of John’s distraction.
“Like I’ve been run over by a bus.” It’s the longest thing John has said since waking from his operation but Sherlock doesn't resent Mary for being the one to receive it. There’s something to be said about the quiet trust that comes from sitting in friendly quiet.
“All yours.”  John announces, popping his dirty laundry back in his case.
The surgeon’s warm, calm voice doing
“I know.  Logically, I know that.  It’s just…. “ He sighs and runs a hand through his hair before pinching the bridge of his nose.  “It’s just I was such a crap father after Mary died.  I left her with anyone who would take her, almost every night, and all I did was feel sorry for myself and blame the world for my problems, and I did all that from the bottom of a whiskey glass.”
Tossing the room service menu at John, Sherlock eases himself off the bed. "Order yourself something to eat. I'm going to grab a shower and then do a bit more research."
Sherlock pauses in his movements, apparently enthralled by the appearance of this most intimate part of John.
“So why haven’t you made a move?”  Sherlock tries to keep his words light-hearted but even he can hear the tremor in his voice.
As always my undying gratitude goes to Lockedinjohnlock for her patience, support and friendship.
“No, it is not.  Your brother lost a lot of dignity and respect because of what happened at Sherrinford and we have some culpability in those events.
“It’s cute,”
He stood in the doorway and waited for Sherlock to speak, as he knew his entrance hadn't been missed, his heart was pounding and he knew his face was flushed. Both reactions could be put down to him running up the stairs and he was relieved to know that Sherlock would be unlikely to deduce the reason behind John's heightened emotions - sentiment. The very thing that Sherlock abhorred.
With care he manoeuvres the chair over to John’s bedside, his drip-stand making the effort more difficult than it needs to be.  For a few minutes Sherlock just sits and observes, eyes intent, observing each machine and its function, noting each read out.  Once satisfied, he finally leans on to the edge of John’s bed, taking care not to jostle him.
Finally, he leaves the bathroom and walks back to the bedroom. Sherlock is lying on his back on the bed, his long limbs are relaxed and his hair makes a dark halo on the pillow. His eyes are closed and John uses the moment to look his fill. As his eyes travel over Sherlock's body he notices that the button to Sherlock's trousers is undone, the waistband of well-fitting dark blue boxer shorts apparent. He realises that he must have reacted vocally as Sherlock lazily opens his eyes and beckons John over with one imperiously crooked finger.
“Come on in, Sherlock’s lot are always welcome here. I’ll just nip upstairs and get Doctor Watson, he’ll soon have you fixed up and feeling better.” Mrs Hudson makes a move in the direction of her door which connects her flat to the main house hallway.
Sherlock repeats, his gaze now focused on the various jars, his cheeks painted a deep pink.
"I'm sorry?" Mycroft appears all politeness but Sherlock knows that he is shamming his confusion in an attempt to draw John out. A quickly suppressed surge of gratitude threatens to engulf Sherlock when he realises what Mycroft is doing. He is allowing John to, at least, feel nominally in charge of what will happen to Mary and how it may affect the rest of his life.
I don’t think he appreciated my ….”
Mary edges slowly towards John’s bed and Sherlock has to clench his fists in an effort not to grab her and pull her away, only too aware of the damage she is capable of inflicting.  Bloody trigger happy woman.  Sherlock exhales and unclenches his fists, flexing his fingers before moving quietly closer; once there he remains silent, allowing Mary talk to John if she wishes to.
"Bossy." John smirks, as he obeys Sherlock's order.
John's memories of the last few days were a blur, one bright technicolour image merging into the next, their vividness causing him actual mental and physical pain. John wondered again how the hell his life had spiralled so drastically out of control in just five short days.
She gestures at them to move closer and takes another photograph, as she frowns at the screen once again John digs deep and finds the courage to place his hand, lightly, on the small of Sherlock’s back.
“I don’t think I did.”
He draws their joined hands between them, resting them over his pounding heart, hoping Sherlock can feel it too.
“Who are you? Who is this, Sherlock?”
Sherlock wants to take John’s hand again but doesn’t, John has shown no indication that he remembers the physical comfort they sought from each other; even if he did, Sherlock knows that doesn't necessarily mean that John would welcome a repeat of the gesture.
~~~~~~~~
John questions, still smiling.
"And a good morning to you, too, Sherlock." John doesn't even try to keep the silly grin off his face; if possible it only widens when the same happiness is reflected on Sherlock's. His youthful face, always the dichotomy, is wreathed in laughter lines and wrinkles as he smiles down at John, his eyes sparkling as they study him. Obviously satisfied with whatever it is he sees, Sherlock gently kisses John on the end of his nose, eliciting a shocked boyish giggle in response.
"Quite." Sherlock noted how Mycroft once again looked away, the unaccustomed compliment making both brothers uncomfortable. "Call him."
Please, if you fancy reading any more of my work, subscribe to me as an author.
"Sorry, didn't mean to shock you." John wipes gently over Sherlock's stomach before carefully cleaning Sherlock's penis. He alters his hold on the flannel, guiding Sherlock's hand into its folds. Slowly, he draws the cloth over each long finger, cleaning away the majority of ejaculate. Sherlock had thought he would lament the loss but the way that John is moving the flannel over his skin soon causes him to forget his worry. The warm cotton is wrapping around each digit, dipping into the webbing between his fingers before slowly sweeping across his palm in a way that makes Sherlock feel..... he struggles momentarily for the appropriate word....... cherished. He feels cherished beyond all measure. The level of love and care that John is bestowing upon him makes his eyes prickle and his nose tingle, an almost forgotten indicator of tears. John's loving smile falters when he sees the watery sheen to Sherlock's eyes. He throws the flannel into the corner of the room and lies on the bed, carefully manoeuvring Sherlock into his arms and away from the wet patch.
The silence that falls between them is only broken by the beep, buzz and whir of the various machines monitoring Sherlock's progress. Despite his hard words John is still carefully holding Sherlock's hand, his thumb gently caressing the palm. His face is an open book and he looks utterly crushed.
"Hmmm."  John's answer is soft and relaxed, but not yet sleepy.
John states firmly. “It’s just us against the rest of the world.”
Sherlock doesn’t know how he is supposed to react to this information so he simply nods, acknowledging John’s words.  Luckily, this seems to be enough for John, who smiles, gives a nod of his own, and settles down to read his book.
Ah. Sherlock knew what John's questing hands had found.  Stepping away from him, Sherlock held up his hand in a signal for John to stop.
"Will you? ....... Could you?"  John stopped again, licking his lips as he struggled to find the right words.  "Do you want to talk about it? Your dream I mean.  Was it  to do with how you got the scars on your back?"
Sherlock could bear it no longer and grabbing John almost roughly pulled him in for a kiss. Plush, full lips pressed against firm lips, both men trying to pull each other closer with John keeping his hand firmly on Sherlock's cock. Gasping Sherlock pulled slightly away.
Magnussen crosses the short distance between the beds and admires Sherlock’s sleeping form, lamenting the loss of Sherlock from his ‘collection’.
Mycroft's hands are clasped loosely together in his lap. To the casual observer he looks calm and mildly disinterested but John's years in the army and work with Sherlock have given him the skills to identify false bravado when he encounters it.
"Thank you." There's a wobble to his voice and heat in his cheeks, but he knows the words need to be said. As much of an interfering prat as his brother has been, he can see now that it comes from the heart.
"This should be a good stance for you John as it's largely left side dominant. Now raise our joined hands so that they are level with your shoulders." Sherlock savoured the sensation of John's firm grip on his hand, closing his eyes to focus on keeping his breathing even. Opening them he was able to see a questioning look on John's face. "Good, that's good John." He was rewarded with a glowing smile for his encouraging words and resolved to praise John at every opportunity just to see that look again.
Sherlock paces, hands gesticulating madly. “I’ll go in breeches and a waistcoat….”
"Morstan." John's voice is monotone, impossible to read. Sherlock analyses John's posture and facial expression, finding them almost devoid of his usual tells. He is able to read disappointment and anger, but unable to tell at whom this is directed.
"I know John." Once again, Mary met John's gaze, no judgement in her eyes, just sadness. Not for herself but for the love that she had almost ruined. "He needs you John.  Not just for the, I have to say slightly crazy work, but for himself. It's like you're his other half, John; you complete him and he completes you. He loves you with every fibre of his being. I care too much about both of you to stand in the way.  I'm letting you go John.... and I'm good with that."
"It was at that point that Herr Brün contacted me and we decided to involve you, calling in a favour from Detective Inspector Lestrade." Mycroft's smooth tones do not entirely hide his distaste for the actions, direct or otherwise, of Herr Brün.
Sherlock realises that he never gave John the credit he deserved when it came to his acting skills and verbal diplomacy.  John is giving Mary all the right indications that he is coming home without actually saying the words.  He's acknowledged the baby and has very carefully but not overtly neglected to claim her as his own.  Mary takes John's words as they stand, not expecting any duplicity from him.
Mary stalks over to the empty visitor’s chair, determined to reassert her authority, and sits down, taking her time to adjust her coat and jeans, ensuring that both fall precisely, before reaching for John’s hand.  Her action falters slightly as a hiss of protest from Sherlock breaks the newly formed quiet of the sterile room, when no action follows Sherlock’s noise of dissent she takes John’s left hand in her own, ensuring that the bright light of the room reflects off the still shiny surface of their wedding rings.  It’s a petty move, she knows, but she just can't resist rubbing Sherlock’s nose in the fact that John is hers.  John wears her brand, after all. Mary does so love to see the great detective squirm, and yes, his discomfort is apparent in the flex of his jaw and the clench of his fists.  Big brother looks on, apparently unaffected but she knows that beneath that icy exterior beats the heart of a man who will do anything for his brother. Another great man who can be brought low by emotion.
As much as Sherlock wants to say something cutting to Mycroft, maybe comment on his (non-existent)  weight gain or point out precisely what he was doing that took so long whilst saying goodbye to Lestrade, he knows his brother is right and merely nods his head in acceptance.
Bill turns his attention to John.
“I beg your pardon?”
It's not a momentary phase.
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
“I hope so, for your sake!”  John laughs, leaning back in his chair and the comforting feel of Sherlock’s arm.  “Are you having fun, Rosie posy?”
"What's wrong?" Sherlock couldn't help worrying that, now John was fully awake, he would feel ashamed of their current situation.
“Mr Rajkoomar, performed a craniotomy and removed the haematoma.”
"F...fuck...." It's barely more than a moan but the word causes Sherlock to slow his rocking and move his mouth back to John's, their lips barely touching. John moans again at the intimacy of it, at the feel of Sherlock's breath on his skin.
John gasps. “I really think we should take this somewhere less public.”
"G..good." John licks his lips again, his mouth gone dry from Sherlock's declaration. "I look forward to it."
"What else did you see? Tell me, tell me how it made you feel." Sherlock's voice was now a deep broken whisper, the rumbled words making John's cock throb in response. John's gaze was transfixed by Sherlock's lips, the way that they glistened and moved around each word and he desperately wanted the taller man on his knees, those deliciously sensual lips wrapped around his cock.
Today and everyday
Of course.”
“I once called you an idiot, John.  I am willing to admit that I may have wrong.”  Sherlock curls up at John’s side, hair starting to dampen the shoulder of John’s robe.
“I do, John.”  Sherlock answers earnestly, his handsome face unusually open.  “I love you.  I’d never be able to consider something like this otherwise.”  He searches John’s face, pressing a brief kiss to his lips before continuing to talk.  “ But I need to be the one setting the pace at this point in our relationship and I have no clue what that pace will be in advance……”  John nods in response, waiting for Sherlock to continue. “But rest assured I am interested, very interested, in exploring a sexual relationship with you.
Sherlock’s response is firm and encourages no discussion.
“She took her name and birth date from a gravestone five years ago.  She has the skill set of a spy or assassin and she approaches murder without hesitation, without flinching.  John needs to be protected from her.  At least until he is well enough to decide what happens to her.”
Greg asks lots of pertinent questions, surprising Sherlock with his depth of understanding and his suggestions of how to move the investigation forward. Sherlock observes that Mycroft remains seated close to Lestrade throughout, his body language mirroring that of Greg's, and squirrels the information away for later use. Eventually, the topic moves around to what they are going to do next. Greg sides with John and Sherlock that John should not return to Mary, but supports Mycroft's assertion that John should be perceived to be making efforts towards a reconciliation with his wife. It is agreed that John will move back to Baker Street whilst Sherlock recuperates but will gradually start to send generalised texts before eventually asking more specifically about Mary's pregnancy. The concept of John being in touch with Mary at all makes Sherlock nauseous, but he understands all too clearly why it needs to be done. Mary needs to believe that John has forgiven her and continue with her old lifestyle. Mycroft is confident that his team, along with the support of Lestrade's, will be able to track her movements and associates, taking apart the last fluttering remnants of Moriarty's web.
"Oh god! Me too John! I hoped..... but..... Forever John! You and me, against the rest of the world."
Steam curls in slow tendrils from the surface of the bath water up to the ceiling, drifting around the light fixtures in a lazy dance before dissipating into the gently cooling air. A warm, deep chuckle echoes around the tiled room in reaction to small, strong hands tugging lightly at dark auburn leg hair.
And yet here you are. - SH
“I know something happened, Sherlock, and I know Mary is somehow involved. I’m not an idiot.” John insists, hints of his former stubbornness evident.
"You heard Mrs Hudson, John," Sherlock reminds him. "Mary has been known to just pop by, no previous arrangement made. Mary will notice if you keep your hands in your pockets the whole time or suddenly run off to your room to get it. You are putting your life in danger over misplaced sentiment."
Sherlock stares at John, wide eyed and lips parted, before taking a sudden step back.
"I'm afraid not. The kills that we are able to conclusively assign to her were not bad people, at least, no more than most. They were individuals of power or influence who had upset the wrong people or institutions. They had become a problem and as such had to be eliminated. There also seem to have been a couple of kidnappings of younger people where she was involved in the, shall we say, disposal of the subject."
"Quite." John feels his eyebrows rise almost to his hairline and he fights to keep his mouth closed as he watches Sherlock struggle over his next words. "Thank you, Mycroft." At that, John loses his battle and his jaw hangs open. He only thinks to close it after a nudge from Sherlock.
“Yeah, it is.”  John loses his battle and breaks in to high pitched giggles, the sound somehow innocuous in the hospital room.  “You, Sherlock Holmes, are cute!”
Sherlock moves up the bed slightly so that their lips are on the same level.  He arranges John’s body to his own liking - something John is beginning to suspect may happen quite frequently - so that their upper bodies lay together at a slight angle, his weight supported on bent arms, before dipping his head to steal a brief morning kiss.  He smiles down at John, “What were we thinking, wasting time on talking?”  He leans back down, stealing another kiss.  He presses their lips together, parting his lips, teasing at John’s with light nips until he does the same.  Their tongues seek each other out, and John pulls Sherlock closer to him, his arms tight around Sherlock’s back with one hand resting lightly on the nape of his neck.  Sherlock kisses the same way he does everything; with focus, intensity.  With passion.  It takes John’s breath away and he moans in to their kiss, Sherlock responds with ardour, pressing his body close against John’s, eliciting another moan.  It feels like far too soon when Sherlock pulls out of the kiss, leaving them both panting, he presses his forehead against John’s, eyes closed, as he regains control of his body and breathing.  John rubs his hand up and down Sherlock’s back, gently rumpling his t-shirt, calming them both.
"Sherlock? You need to take your pain killers, then you can sleep again." John's voice is soft, the care apparent in it. John's hand is on Sherlock's forehead, slowly sweeping his hair out of his eyes. Sherlock vaguely registers how soft John's skin is before the hand is moved away. He moans in sleepy protest but allows John to help him sit up enough to sip at a glass of water and take his pain killers. "They should get you through the majority of the night. I've set an alarm to wake us so that you can take the next lot before the pain becomes too much." He eases Sherlock back onto the mattress. "Do you want some tea? It's a bit cold now but I can make a fresh one if you want."
The silence between them is heavy with accusations unsaid, each person aware that now is neither the time nor place for confrontations.  Eyeing the plain white door to John’s room Sherlock heads towards it, uncomfortably aware of a grudging Mary at his heels.  The sound of evenly paced, purposeful footsteps heading in their direction halts their progress.  As one, he and Mary turn to watch the person as he approaches, his walk unhurried; indicative of someone under no time constraints, therefore not a nurse, a surgeon.  John’s surgeon, in fact.
You will eat regularly.
“Have me?”  Sherlock plays innocent.
a detective!” Sherlock chuckles before sliding the lube away and taking John in a lingering kiss.
"That's ok, I'm sure he's just getting nervous about the wedding again. Go and make sure he's coping." Mary angled her face to accept the brief kiss that John swept across her cheekbone, his thoughts already in Baker Street.
"Satisfied?" Sherlock's voice was little more than a low rumble.
"Morning." John's greeting appears to catch Mrs Hudson by surprise and she flushes a little before bustling off to get another cup.
"Tell me," Sherlock rasps, sliding his body out from under John's so that he is upright against the headboard. "Tell me what I would be doing, what you would be feeling, if I were able to do that now."
Firm lips lightly press against full lips, someone sighs and Sherlock tightens his grip on John.
The waiter looks disgruntled at whatever Sherlock's enquiry had been, his voice more clipped than previously.
“Mr Holmes?” The nurse’s soft tones break Sherlock from his silent contemplation and he looks up. “Time for you to return to your room.”  With an easy movement the nurse reaches to help Sherlock out of his chair, flinching when Sherlock wrenches his shoulder  out of reach.
"Really, John. If this is all the understanding I can expect from you I'll keep my thoughts to myself."  Sherlock sniffs and strides into the living room, John watches as Sherlock hesitates before lowering himself onto the sofa, eschewing his usual sprawling flop.
"What were you doing for Mycroft? I did ask but he informed me it was a 'need to know' scenario. Prick." John now sipped more slowly at his whiskey, watching as Sherlock moved back to his chair.  His dark hair was a little longer to how he normally wore it, the curls at the nape of his neck brushing over the shirt collar, the fringe just dipping beneath his eyebrows. John could see that Sherlock appeared slimmer across the hips, his chest broader. The doctor in John could see it was from extra muscle tone rather than improper eating habits.  He wondered for a moment who could have been reminding Sherlock to eat regularly whilst he was away, biting the inside of his lip at the unexpected wave of jealousy.  His eyes travelled once again to Sherlock's face, reacquainting himself with the familiar angles and curves. His attention was captured by the quick swipe of Sherlock's tongue over his lower lip, the skin left glistening and moist. John's tongue flicked out to lick his own lip, a groan quickly stifled as once again his thoughts drifted to kissing Sherlock, his tongue licking along that full lower lip, tasting the unique flavour of Sherlock, chasing the flavour into his mouth, deepening the kiss further. John quickly dragged himself out of his fantasy when he saw Sherlock's gaze resting upon him, an unmistakable heat simmering in its depths. John downed his drink, trying not to read more into that look than there was. Glancing back at Sherlock he saw with some surprise that Sherlock had also finished his drink.
They sleep, undisturbed, until mid-morning when hunger and awareness of Sherlock's medication requirements rouse John. He stretches and dons one of Sherlock's dressing gowns, dropping his phone, unchecked, into the deep pocket. He moves around their kitchen, gathering together breakfast, re-using a tray from last night, leaving the dirty dinner plates to be dealt with later. Food settled on the tray, John heads back into the bedroom to wake Sherlock.
“Baker Street?”
"Message received loud and clear, Miss Hooper. I won't hurt him, Doctor and soldier, remember." John gently reminds her.
Although …”
“That doesn’t sound much like care to me.”
“Anything that has to be said, can be said in front of Sherlock.” He looks to Sherlock for confirmation.
John has the man he loves right where he wants him and with whispered instructions and endearments he gets Sherlock to start thrusting, it’s gentle at first but John increases his grip on Sherlock’s neck and runs the fingernails on his other hand down Sherlock’s back, ending by digging them in on Sherlock’s hips, encouraging a whimper in response.
She is an absolutely perfect beta too! Very supportive and encouraging, and amazingly gifted at finding those words that escape me!
I was always with him.”
"Sure. Sounds good to me too, actually. A caffeine kick, just what the doctor ordered."   John inferred Sherlock's unspoken words of thanks, smiling as he saw Sherlock close his eyes.  John knew that Sherlock must need to sleep but also knew that he needed to keep him awake as long as possible so that he stood a hope of sleeping that night.
Is he recovering well?”
"Yes dear, we know that now don't we." Mrs Hudson patted his cheek gently; sympathy and understanding clear on her kind face.  "But we didn't know that then.  Your plan worked too well; John believed he'd seen you dead. And he died there with you, on that pavement. The man who came back here was not the man who had left earlier that day. It destroyed him Sherlock.  He'd suffered alone for over a year, trying to live again, but he was a shell of a man. An empty shell. And Mary? Mary came along just at the right moment I think, just when it was all becoming too much to cope with." Mrs Hudson paused and Sherlock knew she was making sure he understood the significance of what she was saying. John had struggled to live without him, had almost given up on living until Mary had found him.  "I didn't know about her until just before you came back. But she put him back together a little, she understood what he went through. I suspect she knows how he feels about you actually."
at kissing." He fixes his gaze on John's lips, wetting his own in anticipation before lowering his voice. "And some day, in the not too distant future, I'm going to show you exactly how exceptional I am."
“At the risk of destroying the mood,”
Mycroft utilises the chair he carried in and balances his laptop on his knees.  Seconds later he is tapping away at the keyboard, the sound off and the screen dimmed.  He too is accustomed to long hours, often in highly stressful situations, with minimal sleep, so staying awake now is no hardship to him.  Especially as it enables him to keep a watchful eye on his, often exasperating, brother and the police officer he considers a good friend to them both.
Author's Note 2/08/2015
John manages a fleeting smile that almost reaches his eyes.
The comforting sounds of tea-making fill the room but John still remains fixated on his hands, his mind seemingly miles away.  The clunk of the mug being put on the table alerts him to the arrival of his drink, pulling him back to the here and now.
The rapid bleeping of the heart monitor betrays the turmoil that Sherlock is experiencing, the way that his heart is clinging to the hope of what he thinks John is implying. But Sherlock needs the words to be spoken between them, needs for there to be no more misunderstandings between them.
Sherlock wakes in the middle of the night. The light of the full moon illuminates his room and the quietly slumbering form of his lover. Lover. Sherlock is still stunned at how rapidly things had progressed last night. He'd meant only to tease John, to explore his body whilst they showered, perhaps to bring John to climax whilst watching every nuance of that beloved, expressive face. Instead his hormones and instincts had taken over and, surprisingly, he'd relished every second of it. His barriers had come down with a resounding crash and Sherlock had been brought to what, if he had been a more pious man, could have been the very edge of heaven at John's hands, hands that were surprisingly soft and nimble, hands that represented both strength and tenderness; that delivered lethal force and loving delicacy with equal skill.
“You! Over here now and untie Mr Holmes! Be careful about it, those ties are cutting into his flesh.” The military doctor is in full operational mode now.
"I'm here Sherlock." John reached for Sherlock's questing hand, interlacing their fingers, the action natural to him. Bringing their joined hands to his lips, John bestowed a gentle kiss on each of Sherlock's fingers before lowering their hands to his chest.  Closing his eyes, John allowed  sleep to wash over him, a smile of contentment on his lips.
After several coffees, Mycroft and Herr Brün finally leave. They are heading back to Vienna to replace the fake hair gems with the real ones and to secrete the incriminating diary where it will not be found. John feels that the men would probably have stayed longer except for the various huffs and sighs coming from Sherlock and the palpable tension in the air whenever John and Sherlock meet each other's eye.
But I know I'll still feel the same
For a thousand years.
You deserved - deserve - so much and I thought she was the one who would give it to you.”
"My trip to where?" John queries, quickly running his mind back over the last few hours, wondering if he'd missed some crucial part of a conversation. "Sherlock, I don't have a trip planned anywhere. Unless it's to drag you to the barbers!" John ruffles Sherlock's hair, making the over-long curls even more disordered.
John, are you having problems?
I've taken liberties with this! It starts just after Sherlock leaves the hospital after being shot.
'You're off the edge of the map mate, here be monsters!'
The memory of the way he had teased Sherlock's finger tip earlier floods through John, the power of the sense memory makes his mouth fill with saliva.  John has to swallow before he is able to speak.
"England?" Snorted John, anger making his voice deeper, colder.  "England needs him? What about bloody Scotland, Wales and Ireland? Not to mention all the associated countries and islands our monarchy is supposedly responsible for. Hmmm?" John was now fighting to stay calm, where did bloody Mycroft get off? Trying to guilt Sherlock into doing something he didn't want to. "Or can they just wait their turn? Sit tight and get their arses blown off until bloody Mycroft bloody Holmes decides it's their turn? " The anger continued to churn in his stomach, the taste bitter in his mouth.
Warm ejaculate spreads between them, coating Sherlock’s penis and their stomachs; Sherlock groans at the sensation and presses his lips firmly against John’s hair.
John grunts.
“So you want to feel my cock inside you? Stretching you? Filling you?” Sherlock’s voice drops several octaves to a predatory purr.
Sweeping a final hand over the smooth sheets, John heaves himself off the bed, ignoring the protest from his aching limbs and slowly heads downstairs; the longing for cinnamon swirls, a cup of tea and the presence of the people he has come to think of as family, guiding him.
“Ah.  It’s going to be that sort of conversation.”  He keeps his face tilted up a second longer, before turning to look at John, his hands loosely clasped in his lap.
He slowly buttons his shirt, his mind going over their recent interaction, he barely notices the softness of the cotton against his bare chest, or the way the chaps sit snug and heavy on his hips.
"Er, yes." Anderson can't decide whether to be proud of his actions or to feel guilty for his duplicity. "I was only going to use them as reference, at a later date, to verify certain facts that came up during the meetings. Some of their theories were very good. Feasible, really." Sherlock raises his eyebrow and Anderson rushes on. "Course, some of them were stupid, ridiculous."
She smiles at John, watching the way he places himself close to Sherlock, his palm flat on the small of Sherlock’s back, unconsciously possessive.
"Ok Sherlock. For now I won't push, but you WILL  tell me. Just tell me if I ....... " His words broke off and once again pain washed over his face.
"It's fine, John. I'm fine," Sherlock soothes, moving to stand behind John, looping his arms around his waist.
“I.. I..”
“Liar.”
"I can mean them.  I do mean them.  I will always mean them.  Always."  At John's softly spoken, but heartfelt, words, Sherlock loosens his grip slightly on John's wrists, allowing John to raise himself up until they are resting cheek to cheek.  "Always, Sherlock."  The words are uttered directly into Sherlock's ear.
“Oh love, you being inside me is only another part of us having sex, we've been making love for hours.
I spent many happy hours researching a possible programme for the night, settling on this particular one after stumbling across it on The London Philharmonic Orchestra.  The wonderful  Chemical_Defect then sent me loads of wonderful YouTube videos of Ray Chen (so gooooood!) and then of fantastic performances of the mentioned pieces, Chemical_Defect then gave this chapter a quick read through to make sure there weren't any glaring music related errors.  I'm hugely thankful for their support!
"What you did earlier with your tongue  ...... to my finger.  I want you to do that ......... " Sherlock stumbles for the words.  John watches in awe as colour floods Sherlock's cheeks. Deciding that actions speak louder than words, Sherlock guides their joined hands to press against his prominent erection before whispering, " ....... here."
my body.”
Sherlock takes a moment to get himself settled, playing for time.
(See the end of the chapter for
They fall silent, each pondering their conversation; their gazes now observing the gentle sway of the flowers, their minds miles away. They remain seated, lost in their thoughts, until the buzzing of a large bee attracts Sherlock’s attention.  John is pulled from his thoughts by the sound of a delighted ‘Oh!’  from his companion.  He switches his attention between the zig-zagging, but determined, flight of the bee and Sherlock.  Sherlock who is now smiling, the rare crooked smile that makes his cheeks wrinkle and the merest hint of a double chin show.  The smile that shows true happiness, the smile that John secretly adores.
John sorts through his small collection before settling on a bottle of mousse; he passes it over but allows his fingers to sweep slowly over Sherlock’s palm, his eyes lingering at the open V of Sherlock’s dressing gown and the hint of fine chest hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You ….you …got a case?”  Rosie manages around a yawn.  This is far from her first time being woken in the middle of the night and she rather enjoys the miniature adventures she gets to go on.
I guess they're making up for lost time?!
John places his hand back around his cock, the wetness now providing a smoothness of movement that he lacked before. His head drops forward in relief and he allows himself a few leisurely strokes before speaking again.
John slips his arm around Sherlock, and together they repeat their previous routine, their steps easier this time. On their arrival in the small bathroom, John is able to turn before Sherlock reaches into his pyjama bottoms. He waits until Sherlock flushes before turning and guiding them both over to the sink. Once again he washes both of their hands. Sherlock revels in this small attention of John's and the companionable warmth of John at his back. He remains leaning against him for a while savouring his proximity before they slowly shuffle back to Sherlock's bed.
“Hey!”  John protests, making a grab for his coffee.  “Where are you dragging me off to?  At least let me finish my …”
John looks more alert now and uses the buttons to raise the head of his bed, putting him in a semi-upright position.
“God.  I’m sorry, Sherlock, I think I need to sleep again.  I’m bloody awful company.”  John doesn't want to fall back into a world where he can’t recognise what is real and what is not but exhaustion licks once again at him, pulling him once more into its grasp.
“Well, he’s a character,”
Say you will
Sherlock’s hands move to hover over John, eyes darting over his body, paying particular attention to his wound sites, looking for outward evidence of what has caused the sudden sallowness to return to John’s skin.
"Oh. Do you need me at all?" John hopes the need to be near Sherlock isn't too obvious in his voice.
Quiet wraps its tender arms around the two men as they allow their thoughts to drift over all that may come.
A snuffling sound from John rouses Sherlock from his thoughts.  The sight of John slowly waking, safe and warm, tugs at Sherlock's heartstrings and he can't bring himself to want life any other way.  Yes, he is slowly healing from a gunshot wound, yes, his best friend is working through betrayal but a resounding yes, he has John in his life in a way that he never thought would happen.  There have been kisses and embraces and the promise of more to come.  Sherlock looks on as John slowly opens his eyes, admiring the way his long golden lashes gradually part to reveal midnight blue eyes that almost seem to brighten when they focus on him.
John squeezes Sherlock's knee before leaning back in his chair, grinning.  "Maybe a little but that doesn't mean I wouldn't be open to the idea of kids with you at some point in our future."
He presses his body against John’s, rolling his hips slightly to leave John in no doubt about how
The incomparable Lockedinjohnlock continues to do an outstanding job readying this for being made into a podfic!
"Goodbye, John." Her voice softens.
“No headaches?
“I have to be. I need to know what is going on and I need you to be the one to tell me.”
“D..do try to struggle on to the end, Gregory love, you know how I abhor the shortened form.”  Mycroft’s voice is faint and laced with pain but his words are enough to make Lestrade sob in relief.
John draws back slightly and reluctantly untangles one hand, the barest minimum needed to drink and feed himself.
It might be best if Mr Holmes, Sherlock, left the room for this.”
“Yes, everyone is fine.  My brother is just proving, once again, what an arsehole he is; in case we were at any risk of forgetting that.”
Now that his concentration is not purely focussed on John, Sherlock’s own arousal crashes over him, he breathes deeply, fighting to retain his tenuous grip on control.
“That sounds … acceptable.” Sherlock sends John a deliberately flirtatious look in keeping with their role as loving boyfriends and is intrigued by John’s reaction - a slow lick to his lower lip and slightly dilated pupils.  “After all, isn’t that what boyfriends do? Feed you up?”
"A little, if I'm perfectly honest.  I've had a few mates I served with who have since found out they're sterile. We used to joke that it was the conditions we lived in and whatever chemical crap the current enemy were bombarding us with.  Not such an idle joke, it seems.  I guess we will know more after the next test and Molly has arranged for a new sample to go through the Computer Assisted Semen Analysis system, find out what is going on."  John shifts so his hand is resting on Sherlock's knee.  "Besides, my life partner doesn't require for me to able to father a child.  If, in the future, we decide to have children of our own then we can adopt or hire a surrogate and use your sperm."
“John?
John looks weaker and more vulnerable than ever, appearing somehow diminished lying unmoving under the crisp hospital sheets.  Sherlock’s heart aches with the need to make everything better, to ease John’s suffering, to solve all of the problems he still has to face. The sheets are neatly folded at John’s chest, allowing his arms to rest over them, his arms are pale and frail looking, a million miles away from their usual golden hue and subtle strength.  Various tubes and machines are connected to John but Sherlock’s attention is solely on the pipe that aids John’s breathing.  It looks almost brutal in the way that it invades his mouth before disappearing down his throat, forcing his jaws apart.  Sherlock reminds himself that all the seemingly overwhelming paraphernalia is to aid John in a rapid and, if luck is finally on his side, full recovery.
As always huge thanks to the magnificent Lockedinjohnlock and this chapter is especially dedicated to her and her love of fireplaces and rugs!
“And yet, according to your ramblings whilst under the effects of drugs, you believe you pulled yourself back from the brink of death simply because you believed that John Watson was in danger.”  Mycroft interjects, his words in direct contrast to his oft repeated sayings.  “Your heart had stopped, Sherlock.  That is on record.  As is the fact that the doctors attending you had ceased in their efforts to revive you.  And yet, here you are.”  He faces Sherlock with open palms.
John was shaking his head vehemently, cheeks sucked in, jaw set. Mary stilled his movement with a firm hand on his cheek. "Don't be the idiot he calls you John. Admit it to yourself.  Admit it to him. He loves you, you love him. It really is that simple."
Mm-hmm
"No." Sherlock's baritone is unusually soft and intimate. "My hair will go fluffy, just the conditioner." A deep chuckle escapes Sherlock and John joins in; the idea of a fluffy-headed Sherlock is extremely endearing.
I just want to say I feel blessed at the fact that I'm able to be part of this creative fandom.  I've 'met' some wonderful people and made some amazing friends, ones I hope will last a lifetime.
with great skill too."
"Thanks." The word is directed at Anderson but John still can't bring himself to be more than coldly polite to the man, keeping his gaze fixed on a point slightly to the side of Anderson's head.
“But mostly I just really,
John queries.
"Ok. We have the rest of Mrs Hudson's delicious Shepherd's Pie to eat, a cup of tea to drink and you have the added extra of some pain killers to take." John lowers one tray onto Sherlock's outstretched legs and places the other on the bed next to him. He rummages in his pocket for the matches and lights both their candles. "I know that we can't go out on an actual date any time soon, so I thought we could have a more private date now. I even provided candles." A further rummage produces Sherlock's painkillers which he takes without complaint.
For a moment they both watch Rosie as she plays with her toys, currently she's babbling away and attempting to force feed one of her rag dolls a toy car.  The lights on the christmas tree paint tiny patterns of colour in Rosie’s hair, providing little kisses of warmth. Neither man has ever been good with emotions and feelings in general but since John has moved back in with Rosie they both try to be more honest.  They may hide the true depth of their emotions behind the safety barrier that Rosie unknowingly provides but gradually both Sherlock and John are making great strides towards learning to trust each other again.
That I’m only feeling ‘unsafe’ around her because of some lingering weird shit to do with my head or my meds?”
“I have no child, after all, and my dreams often feature one.”
“Then what aren't you telling me, Sherlock?” Lestrade studies Sherlock’s face, looking for any indication as to what Sherlock may be keeping from him.
“And do they feel the same?” Sherlock’s asks, breathless.
John gasped as Sherlock grabbed a handful of his short hair and pulled his mouth back towards  his.  "Fuck. Holy mother of ..." John’s words were cut short as Sherlock pushed his lips firmly against John’s. John moved his hand along the length of Sherlock's cock, groaning into the kiss at the feel of the silky smooth skin covering a rock hard erection. Using his other hand John tugged the sheet away from Sherlock's body, allowing it to pool on the floor between them. John desperately wanted to look at the full glory of a very naked Sherlock but every nerve ending was now being flooded by the fact that he was holding a very erect penis in his hand.  Sherlock's beautifully proportioned, eagerly throbbing, utterly perfect, penis. Breathing deep into the kiss he moved his hand along the long shaft, savouring its heat and firmness.
“That’s unlikely to happen.”  Sherlock is quiet for a moment, thinking things for over.  “So, this is all on Mycroft’s bankroll?”  Sherlock has mixed emotions about this; on the one hand, he has always been free and easy with Mycroft’s money, but on the other hand, it somehow feels wrong that John is romancing him on his brother’s payroll.
The hotel building itself is large, obviously the legacy of some wealthy landowner; the soft cream paint of its facade glowing warmly in the spring sunlight, various climbing plants just coming in to bud on their trellises. The driveway is well tended, no rogue weeds grow in amongst its golden stones and the large gardens appear equally well maintained.  Everywhere there are signs of life to be seen: fat bees buzz drowsily around them as they exit the car.  John watches on, amused, when Sherlock’s face lights up at the sight of them.  Yellow daffodils dance in the gentle breeze and the scent of hyacinths fills the air; all in all, John feels, this is an idyllic spot for a romantic getaway.  John fetches their luggage with a light heart and a smile on his face.
"John?" Sherlock calls, trying for John's notice. "I believe that if I have my pain killers now and we take a cab I'll be able to accompany you on your trip to Bart's."
Sherlock? - JW
"What did you order, Sherlock? I caught one and two in amongst it all, but I admit I missed the rest."
"I can't lean against you, Sherlock." John states as he gets in.
"Thank you, Phillip." Sherlock pops the final p as he takes Anderson by the shoulders and carefully, but no less forthrightly, guides him out of the flat.  "Your file, against all my expectations, has been very informative." Sherlock starts to close the door but Anderson pushes it back open, protesting that he isn't ready to go and wants to know what is actually happening.  Sherlock fixes another grimace-come-smile on his features and firmly removes Anderson's hand from the door.  "Most helpful. Don't let me keep you.  Goodbye." This time the door closes with a decisive click.  The sound of muttering accompanies the thud of footsteps as Anderson clomps down the stairs.  Neither John nor Sherlock move until the door to the street slams shut, moving to the window as one to observe as Anderson walks away.
Mary doesn't make the effort to mute the sound of her footsteps on the stairs, Sherlock will have realised something is wrong the moment he was unable to rouse John.
of him.
“Does.
Sherlock felt the blush climbing his cheeks at the same time as he smiled.  "So it would seem John.  So it would seem."
“Room 23, John.  Come along.”  He has no reason to still be holding John’s hand but he doesn’t let go, reasoning that it’s good practice for their case; he brushes away the fact that it feels extremely nice as irrelevant.
"Can I move my hands now John?" Sherlock's breath was ragged, his body flooded with sensation, but he would not rush John. He was savouring the sweet, sweet torture. Feeling John's nod against his skin Sherlock moved his hands down onto John's head, not guiding or pushing, but taking pleasure in the feel of John's hair beneath his fingertips. The differing textures and lengths amazing. Sherlock was savouring each kiss and lick, small groans and gasps meeting each caress, his hips instinctively rocking. John's head gradually moved lower, the anticipation of coming pleasures making both men impossibly harder.
Sherlock moves his kisses to trace along John’s jawline, nipping at the sensitive skin beneath his ear before drifting down to caress John’s neck with open lips and tentative tongue.
“You. You need to be you.” John states earnestly, his attention solely on Sherlock. “With all your brilliance.  Just, in this particular scenario, you also need to appear to be slightly smitten with this old army doctor.”
"I'm doing well, thank you, Mary. John is an excellent doctor, nagging me to eat when necessary and ensuring I take my medication.  You know, the dull stuff."  Sherlock tries to downplay how much he needs John to remain with him, knowing that if he let Mary know just how much he needs John she will find a way to take him with her.
“Pity, that was a very nice snooze.”  He yawns and stretches, before rolling up to a sitting position.  Surprised when Sherlock remains close, his hand drifting over John’s shoulder and down his arm before moving away.
to say.  His mind is buzzing with words, with
“Janine, how nice to see you outside of the office.”
A time when the biggest worry I had was what human part I’d find in our fridge this time.”
“No problems.
"And I thought I was the drama queen.” Is the muttered response but Sherlock does as he is told and soon is in the wheelchair, tucked in, with the flask cradled in the crook of his unbroken arm.
“There’s no point me being here, he's out cold.”  Mary snaps, irritated by Sherlock’s continued interference.  “I’ll come back tomorrow once they take him off that and he’s awake.”  She gestures towards all the machines that are monitoring and aiding John’s recovery.
“Yes love. How are you feeling?”
She moves to the room’s small sink, thoroughly washing and drying her hands before putting on a pair of sterile gloves.
Bill’s handshake.
"Hmm, rather juvenile, Sherlock, but I,”  Mycroft swallows against the unfamiliar words. “appreciate the sentiment.”  Mycroft leans his cheek on to Lestrade’s hand where it now rests lightly on his shoulder.  The movement is stilted, obviously still quite new to him but the soft smile he receives from Greg is worth going against his normal first reaction of denying any need for human help or comfort.
Water continues to fall over them, the sound of it splashing on bare skin and tiles as John searches for precisely the right words to reassure Sherlock that he wants, needs, that too. In the end, he goes for something simple.
By the time that Sherlock leaves the shower - pyjama trousers sitting low on his hips, hair clean and skin flushed from the warm water he eventually allowed himself to enjoy - Gethin has finished changing John’s bandage and the two men are chatting about some of the more unusual patients they have seen over the years.
“I did.”
“Understood, John.”  He grins back at Sherlock, chuckling when Sherlock rolls his eyes but makes no attempt to get out of the bed.
Once both men were settled again, John stretched, his t shirt riding up a little before he tugged it back down, leaving his legs straightened out in front of him. He was rather surprised at how light headed he was feeling; Mycroft's whiskey was obviously more powerful than he realised.  Sherlock stretched his own long legs out, tucking them next to John's before flopping back in his chair, the whiskey obviously beginning to work on him, too.
The sound of the lock sliding into place on the flat door had released a smile from Sherlock.  A smile he could feel reaching his eyes, stretching his lips and filling his heart. A smile he knew he had never had before he met John and that he only used for John. His heart's smile. Sherlock had been unable to stop the smile that now covered his face and truthfully he had stopped trying to hide it. The first time he had smiled like that he had shocked himself, he had worked for so many years to keep his 'softer' emotions at bay and then John, his John, had appeared in the doorway of St Barts and slowly, almost without him realising it, Sherlock's previously locked away emotions had started to surface.  Now, nearly half a decade later, it was still only John who received that smile.
Memorable.
, to concentrate on their future now.
“John? It’s five o’clock, Mrs Hudson says she's happy to have Rosie whenever you want to drop her off.”  Sherlock’s call pulls John out of his musings and back to the present day.
I thought I was seeing it because I
But he had begun to doubt his belief with the arrival of Irene Adler, then Sherlock’s engagement to Janine.
So, dear readers, we're approaching the end of this story, I hope you've enjoyed it and will join me in further adventures after this.  Writing for this fandom has  been a joy and something I look forward to continuing for many years yet!
"That all rather depends on what it is you think you're seeing, John.  If you think you're seeing teddy bears dancing around in pink bloomers I rather think you're imagining things." Sherlock smiles at his own joke before becoming more serious.  "But if what you think you saw was my brother making decided overtures towards Lestrade, I believe you're correct."
How can I love when I'm afraid to fall?......
Sherlock steps cautiously further into the room, glancing around almost as if it’s his first time in the room.
"Just an old girlfriend of John's.  A person of little importance or influence as it turns out.  We thought she may have had some connection to a recent crime that had been a year in the planning but it would seem her only 'crime' is that of attending your bizarre little group."  Sherlock shows his teeth in the parody of a smile.  "I wonder if you remember anything in particular about this woman?" Sherlock enlarges the picture so that only a grainy image of Mary shows.
"Doctor Watson ....... John..... Forgive me, but are you sure you never had any idea about Ms Morstan's true nature before my brother confronted her?" Mycroft's voice is uncharacteristically soft, the tones carefully modulated but not faked, and it is this, more than anything that has John raising his head from the bed.
“I’ll consider myself special, then.”  Lestrade answers good-naturedly, a quiet chuckle from Mycroft brings an answering smile to his features. “Let’s have a basic game of Black Jack, I’m not sure any of us can focus on anything more complex.”  He deals each of them two cards before setting the rest of the pack on the table between them.  “First person to twenty-one wins that hand,  picture cards are worth ten, aces are worth eleven or one, dependent on the need.”  He raises his free hand, halting the anticipated interruptions. “I don't care what other rules you know; these are my cards, so we play by my rules.”
“What does he mean, ‘I’ll be back later.’?”
Sherlock remains at John’s bedside, his hands loosely clasped in his lap, long fingers unconsciously tracing where John had caressed his hand, his expression thoughtful.
Sherlock watched as John absentmindedly swirled his drink around in its glass. John's focus was fixed on the firelight reflected in its depths.  Carefully clearing his throat, John resumed the conversation.  "So, why did you stay away so long Sherlock? Why didn't you come back to London? Back home?" He kept his eyes fixed firmly on his whiskey.
"It's possible; nothing is one hundred percent foolproof but we did always use birth control. Went over the top a bit, to be honest, she was on the pill but we also used condoms. Obviously, we'd discussed children but neither of us wanted them, at least, not yet......Possibly at all in my case." John struggles to get the words out, guilt at not wanting to be a father competing with the hope that maybe he wasn't going to be. "We were both stunned she was pregnant, you saw that, but once the shock passed I thought 'Yeah, I can do this', and for a moment it felt amazing. But later I couldn't stop thinking about how it could be possible. We had been so very careful: no slip ups, no diving onto each other in a blind passion." John looks up and meets Sherlock's eye. He squeezes Sherlock's hands and mutters 'sorry', realising how much pain this discussion must be causing the man whose heart lies in his safe-keeping. "I want to say, it's unlikely there's a baby; she did a pregnancy test at work but I never saw the kit, just took her word for it. But she has a baby bump starting to emerge and is suffering terribly with morning sickness."
“Wow.”  Sherlock can feel John chuckling, a mixture of relief and elation.  “You really wanted that kiss, huh?”  John moves so that he can look up at Sherlock.
Warm, moist breath huffs steadily against his chest and neck, Sherlock's face now angled up towards his own, the weight of his head resting on John's chest. John manages to wriggle slightly so that he is able to look down upon the face of the still-sleeping Sherlock. Asleep, he somehow looks younger, less world weary. Sherlock's full lips are slightly parted and John can see the gently curved edges of Sherlock's teeth. Sherlock's eyes are darting about behind his eyelids, rapid movements showing beneath the fragile skin. A flush lies on his cheeks and for a moment John is concerned that an infection has set in before calming and realising the high colour is most likely to do with their close proximity and shared body heat. Sherlock is still sprawled over John - long limbs that look like they should be angular and uncomfortable seem to fit perfectly against John's smaller, more compact frame - puzzle pieces complementing and completing each other. John allows himself the pleasure of having Sherlock utterly relaxed against him, smiling when he realises that Sherlock has drooled slightly on him. If this were a dream, or another one of John's fantasies, he knows there would be no slight itching from where they have sweated against each other, no tingling numbness in his arm from where Sherlock is still resting on him and certainly no puddle of saliva on his chest. All of those wonderful, human, everyday things bring it home to John that this is real. It's actually happening and it takes all of his restraint not to clutch Sherlock to him and wrap both arms around him. Happiness is bubbling up inside of him and he has to bite the side of his hand to stop himself from laughing out loud. The subtle movement of John's body as he holds back his laughter is enough to jostle Sherlock in his sleep, he lets out a noise that sounds very much like 'mmmnpf' before rubbing his cheek against John's chest and settling into slumber once more.
With a deep groan of desire Sherlock sank fully onto his knees, his eyes looking up into his lover's face. John's  face was flushed a deep dusky pink, his lips red from their kisses, his short silvering hair dishevelled, enhancing his handsomeness. Licking his lips Sherlock kept his eyes on John's almost black ones.
"Come on then, I know you're dying to tell me. How did you know where to look?" It's not the soft words of love that he may be expected to utter when walking hand in hand in the moonlight with the man he is going to spend the rest of life with, but it is much more true to their relationship; words of love from him will come later, of that he is certain, when they are wrapped around each other, sweaty and sated.
"After lunch, about one." Sherlock clears his throat and looks unusually hesitant.  "He wanted me to tell you something before he arrives."
Sherlock, I will be with you in three hours. Until then I'm enforcing radio silence. - JW
His glances significantly at Lestrade before allowing John to wheel him out of the room.
"Well, I think it's a somewhat open relationship." He looks at John from beneath his eye-lashes, the smile that John adores curving his plush lips. "Or at least, it is where you are concerned."
“Any chance of a picnic blanket I could use?”
Laughing when he feels Sherlock’s cock pulse against him, a small drop of pre-ejaculate painting his skin.
The room remains silent, but the atmosphere is less charged. Sherlock studies his brother's face, looking for the truth of John's allegations. Mycroft's face is impassive, but Sherlock can see the evidence of long nights in his features; darkening beneath his eyes, his skin dull and in need of even the limited sunlight that Mycroft's fair skin can tolerate. Mycroft's intelligent eyes hold Sherlock's gaze, allowing him to deduce whatever he needs to. The truth of John's words is clear to see, Mycroft has always been there for him, will always be there for him.
“I do, christ, yes.”
“Starving.”  The look that Sherlock directs at John, his gaze slowly tracing over John’s body, leaves little doubt that it is not food that Sherlock is starving for.
“Of course I am, but I want one thing before you leave to get ready.”
to believe, rather than
“Step aside, Mr Holmes.”  He is directed, kindly but firmly, by a nurse who is just about to enter the room.
"So, what did you do for Mycroft?" John prompted gently.
"Ok, John, ummm.." Molly colours and shoves a wrapped, sterile, plastic beaker in his hand. "Sherlock ordered, I mean requested, ummmm..." The blush of Molly's cheeks is endearing, as is her stuttering and John would feel more kindly towards her if he weren't fighting embarrassment of his own. He can't help feeling rather idiotic about it all; he's had more personal and intrusive tests done in the past but the fact that Molly is a friend and obviously knows precisely
John stands from his chair and comes to sit on the edge of Sherlock's bed, carefully removing Sherlock's hands from where they are still picking at his cover, taking them both in his, before bringing them up to his chest and pressing them over his heart.
He smooths his hands down his torso, sliding them over his breeches until one hand is cupping his testicles, the other drifting over the firm line of his penis.
The truth of the fact hangs heavy in the room and it is many minutes before either man speaks.
Not wanting Sherlock to somehow deduce his thoughts, John deliberately distracts him with something else.
“No, I’m sorry.  Ignore it.”  John backtracks, moving slightly away from Sherlock on the bench.
Sherlock’s lips quirk into a smile before warping into a grimace.  The case had been thrilling but the six hours he had spent wandering around in the torrential rain in a smelly, increasingly heavy, costume had rather taken away some of the fun.  He’d binned the costume but he could still smell the scent of wet fake fur on him even after he'd taken a long shower.
She loved you.
Sherlock seems very sure of what he wants and, quite rightly, that John will be more than willing to give it.
"But why would someone go to all that effort? What were they trying to hide?" John queries. It's not that he resents their time out at Lechner's, far from it, but the investigation would have gone quicker without the disruption caused by the break-in.
John moves his focus to kiss along one cheekbone before drifting across to the other.  "You've long known how I feel about your cheekbones; they manage to give you a regal air even when you're only wrapped in a bloody sheet.  And sexy, so fucking sexy."   John presses his body firmly against Sherlock's once more, loving the sensation of Sherlock's erection pressing into his stomach.
“Yeah?”  John licks his lips, his eyes hooded.  “I look forward to it.”  He lets the statement hang in the air for a moment before clearing his throat and asking a question that has been worrying at him since they came away.  “What do you want to do about the sleeping arrangements?  I’m happy to sleep in one of the armchairs, or I could see if they have another room?”
As usual Sherlock has barely left any time between his knock and opening the door. His words trail off at the sight of John standing with his bare chest framed by his open shirt and his trousers hanging open.
John scans the man in front of him and is surprised to see that his willowy build is more one of nature’s design than the ravages of substance abuse or poor diet and that, although he looks ragged and ill-kept, his clothes are old and worn rather than dirty and neglected, his skin weathered rather than filthy.
“Quite often, actually, and with surprising frequency, especially of late.”
Sherlock follows John's gaze downwards. John is watching his hand as it works them both, his breath hitching at the sight. Sherlock does whine then, a high, strangled sound. The sight of him engulfed in John's hand, slick from their actions pushes him over the edge, his orgasm barrelling through him, sudden and bordering on painful. Spurts of semen shoot up between them, coating John's chest and hand. Sherlock's grip intensifies on John's arse and his head tips onto John's shoulder, breath coming in broken gasps as he watches John's hand fly over his own length, desperately working towards his own climax, using Sherlock's ejaculate to ease his strokes.
John looks on as Sherlock walks slowly around the corpse, scanning the ground and even the trees for goodness-knows what. Sherlock squats by the body, accepts some latex gloves from one of the crime scene officers and very carefully starts to examine it. He strokes the soles of the victim's boots, removing a small sample of mud and placing it in one of his own evidence bags. Next, his gaze moves up the victim's trousers, inspecting them thoroughly through his magnifying glass before checking inside the pockets. John can see he has removed a handful of what look to be beetles but is too far away to see what type they may be. Sherlock passes the majority of them to one of the SOCOs but keeps the rest back for himself, once again placing them in their own evidence bag. Sherlock trails his fingers over the deceased hands before picking one up, bringing it close to his face. He flips the hand so that it is facing palm up, then back over. He leans over the body and carefully opens its mouth, peering inside and then runs his hands through the dead man's hair. John admires the leonine grace of Sherlock's movements, his gaze lingering while Sherlock is utterly focused on the body in front of him. The sound of his name being called jolts him out of his idle reverie and over to Sherlock's side.
“Okay then.  My first rule; no setting me up with deliberately awful dates.  If you’re going to do this, I want it done properly.”
The wonderful Lockedinjohnlock is still patiently working her way through this story, knocking it into shape for a podfic!
He takes a moment to thank a deity he does not believe in that his body is still too exhausted to react in a physical manner to the memory of John’s bare body before plunging his head under a purposely cold stream of water.
“Just after your wife visited; she left him in quite a distressed state.”
Sherlock was curled up on his chair, long arms tightly clasped around his bent legs, bare feet digging into the soft leather. His gaze directed at the fire but his focus elsewhere, thinking of the moment hours ago - or was it days? It was all such a blurred haze now - when he had been so close to having everything he had ever wanted. Everything.  His arms felt empty, his body hollow, his heart shattered.
“Intensive Care operates a strict two visitors to a patient regime, I’m afraid you won’t all be able to go in.  Mrs Watson will be arriving shortly to visit her husband, I’m sure she’ll appreciate quality time with him.”
“What about Mycroft?”  Sherlock taunts, unable to resist.
Sherlock feels compassionate hands loosening his bonds, pain lances through him but with the pain comes a clarity of vision that he has been lacking since he hit his head. In the distance he can see his brother on the concrete floor, blood pooling around his thigh. Voices drift over to him, unmuffled by the people surrounding Mycroft. John is in attendance, applying pressure to the wound, Lestrade is sitting on the floor, Mycroft’s head cradled in his lap, their hands clasped.
“I’m not complaining about the jeans, they do amazing things to your backside.”  John grins, enjoying the hint of a blush adorning Sherlock’s cheeks and effectively ending the jeans discussion.
The timely arrival of Mr Rajkoomar saves Sherlock from the immediate necessity of answering John’s question, knowing it is only a temporary reprieve at best, and he swallows against the bitterness that floods his mouth.
"Oh I will, Sherlock, just in my own sweet time." John locks his arms, keeping his upper body away from Sherlock's, grinding his hips down, dragging a long moan out of Sherlock.
The kiss contains all of the passion and love of before but none of the desperation of their earlier kisses, it breaks slowly, easing in to gentle nips, neither man willing to stop.
‘No, you won’t, as you’ll be rotting in jail just as you deserve.”  Mrs Hudson’s voice is lined with a touch of steel.  “Did you honestly believe that you could try to kill my Sherlock and I’d sit back and do nothing?”
"It was inside a hidden pocket within his mattress. The bedroom was in complete disarray, similar to what you saw elsewhere in the house, but the bed had been left relatively undisturbed. John, I think someone wants us to find these gems, someone who can't be seen to be involved." Sherlock's long legs are angled towards John, a deep frown rests at the bridge of his nose and his brow is furrowed. "It's the only thing that makes sense of all the facts. Lechner was taken whilst walking in London; he was kept somewhere that even Mycroft's sources couldn't find. Later, he turns up dead; a professional shot, quick and lethal. He was malnourished but not noticeably tortured, someone was after information from him but they were initially against using force on him. The shot was to silence him, to prevent him telling his story, which means there was something pertinent to tell. The firefly carcasses were left in his pockets, the dirt left on his shoes. My reputation is such, that it is obvious that I would be called in and that I would discover these things. Someone wanted us in Austria; someone wanted us to follow those clues."
"Sentiment." John allows the word to hang in the air for a moment. "You care deeply for your brother, Mycroft. You try to hide it, to dress it up as the country needing him, or the government, or the police. But we both know the truth of the matter."
Finally Sherlock was able to return his gaze to John.  John was still standing just inside the doorway but now his hand was extended out towards Sherlock. Reaching for him but not making contact, just as it had done when Sherlock had stood on the roof at Bart's. The day when Sherlock realised that the only way to keep the man he loved alive was by leaving him.
As if on an unspoken signal, they drift closer together. John keeps his eyes on Sherlock's face, watching as his eyes drift closed. He stills, committing the view to memory, before slowly, carefully, pressing his lips against Sherlock's. It's every bit as wonderful as their first kiss and John is secretly relieved that their powerful chemistry is not just that of unrequited lust. The kiss is brief this time and John leans away slightly, so he can study Sherlock once more. Sherlock's eyes remain closed a few moments longer, his lips slightly pursed, both hands now reverently bracketing John's face. John resists the temptation to kiss those lips again and finally, Sherlock's eyes slide open, the light of the fireflies reflected in them, their natural gold flecks now enhanced by the golden glow of the fireflies.
I have done a HUGE amount of research into fireflies but I am by no means an expert, so please forgive any glaring errors!
'And with this love song to you
“How was it?”  Sherlock queries, observing the relaxed line of John’s shoulders and the ease of his movements as he hangs up his coat and slips off his shoes.
I was going to be posting a new chapter once a day (they are all completed)but I'm afraid I'm just far too excited, so I'll post twice daily!
He was standing with his hands behind his back when Sherlock turned around, those strangely luminous eyes swept quickly over John's form and face. Quickly taking in all the relevant details.
“Yeah.
He closes his eyes, his fingers tapping out a pattern on his knee.
In the grand scheme of things, Sherlock knows he is doing nothing to John that he hasn't experienced at other hands a hundred times before but the fact that John is falling so completely apart at his touch is just the boost that Sherlock's confidence needs. Instinctively, he knows that John has never reacted like this with any other lover; that this is only for him. Once again, he wraps his hand around John's length, feeling his own penis give a sympathetic twitch at the touch. John seems so sensitive and each gasp, moan, throb and thrust gives Sherlock ample direction on how to touch John to provide him with the maximum of pleasure. Long, languid sweeps have John whimpering and kicking his hips forwards. Teasing, rapid strokes over the head have John cursing and his cock pulsing, beads of pre-ejaculate smoothing Sherlock's strokes. Firm pumps of his hand, whilst his other hand plays with John's testicles, is enough to have John practically howling in pleasure and pulling at Sherlock's hair, a feedback loop that is surprisingly unexpected and wholly welcome. Before long, Sherlock's exploration of John devolves into a sweating, squirming bundle of limbs, John thrusting into Sherlock's fist, whining at each stroke of clever fingers over his fraenulum. Sherlock ruts against whatever part of John he can reach, gasping his responses into the top of John's hair. John's head is bowed, watching every move that Sherlock makes, gasps and guttural moans punctuated with 'Oh God!' and 'Yes, just like that...'. The word 'fuck' seemingly coming almost as often as John's breath. Sherlock picks up the pace of his strokes when he feels John thicken in his hand, his breath more frantic. John thrusts his hips and covers Sherlock's hand with his own, encouraging Sherlock to move faster, hold tighter. Sherlock's arm aches at this new angle but nothing in the world could make him stop now. John is coming apart at his touch, in his bed; each grunt and groan is making Sherlock's own climax spiral ever closer. With a heartfelt shout, John comes and ejaculate spurts over Sherlock's hand and wrist, some hitting his stomach. The wet heat against his skin is enough to send him tumbling over into the deep abyss of his own climax. White light sparks behind his eyelids and his teeth are sharp in his lip as he bites back his yell, not wanting to drown out the sounds of John's pleasure that still ring in his ears.
“My turn next then, I believe.”
"I..... I'd be very grateful of your help, but if you'd rather look around the city I'll understand." Sherlock sounds unusually polite and hopeful.
"As usual John you see, but you do not observe." A chuckle warming his voice, taking the edge off of the all too common insult.
“You’re the one who needs to rest.”
The darkness is broken by the flare of electric lights but he is hidden behind their reach.  John remains in the wheelchair as instructed and allows the shadows to encase him further.  Anger and fear course through his veins; fear at what he suspects he is about to hear, anger that he had been too blind to see it earlier.  All topped off with an unhealthy dose of anger at Sherlock; anger that he left; anger that he'd returned…Returned too late….  A conversation takes place at the other end of the hallway and John is so consumed by anger at what he hears that he almost reacts too late when the gun is levelled at him.  He lurches abruptly to the side, causing the wheelchair to tip, he registers searing pain in his left arm even as he strikes his head against the brick wall.  Blackness overwhelms him.
“Don’t bother with the baby-talk, Doc.  I have medical training and this guy is a ‘genius’.” The implication that Mary doesn’t believe Sherlock to be a genius is obvious and she means to belittle him in the eyes of the neurosurgeon.  Sherlock merely ignores her, rolling his eyes, but Mr Rajkoomar brow furrows, concerned by Mary’s scornful words.  He watches as Sherlock and Mary take a seat, unsurprised by how far apart they sit, before discussing John’s case with them.
Still Sherlock continues his journey down, nuzzling into the soft skin and hair of John’s abdomen and groin, pausing to breathe in the clean, masculine scent that pools there before resuming his explorations lower. All his attention goes on his investigation of John’s legs and feet; the way
Sherlock is looking out of the window, his body slightly turned as he plays; John just has time to register a deep purple frock coat, beige, well fitting trousers and black knee-high boots before Sherlock turns around to face him, the perfection of his playing falters as he plays a series of wrong notes before stopping completely.
“Hmmm?”  John looks up, almost surprised to see himself standing in their kitchen whilst Sherlock holds up the kettle.  “Er, yeah.
"Oh God, Sherlock. I want you!" The words are gasped against Sherlock's sweaty cheek and he answers with a high pitched whine. Sherlock's body arches and then trembles as he fights to retain control, John's words evidently enough to push him close to climax.
“Yeah.”
“Highly unlikely.”  Sherlock eventually replies, nudging his nose against John’s.
Sherlock holds John's gaze, nodding, before slowly moving his face back into John's crotch, inhaling deeply.  John moans and tries to still his hips when Sherlock's fingers hook into the waist of his boxers, easing both jeans and boxers down, inch by teasing inch.  John's gaze is on Sherlock's face, pleasure blatantly apparent there.  It becomes a positive feedback loop, the more desire displayed on Sherlock's face, the more aroused John becomes.   Both men moan when John's cock is finally laid bare.  John at the sensation of Sherlock's heat so close to his naked skin and Sherlock at the sight of John finally revealed.  A bead of pre-ejaculate graces the head of John's cock, before slowly rolling down, causing John to twitch. He bites on his lower lip to hold in a moan as Sherlock's eyes widen briefly at the sight, before unconsciously licking his full lips.  Each inch of skin that is revealed is gifted with either a kiss or soft lick. Only John's cock remains completely untouched. Sherlock helps John to balance, removing the tangled garments from each leg, finally leaving John utterly naked.  Slowly, Sherlock leans back on his heels, allowing his gaze to drift over John's body. John swallows hard.  Although he is the naked one, it is Sherlock who is uncovered, his needs and desires laid exposed to see.  John studies the man before him.  Sherlock's skin glistens with a soft sheen of sweat, cheeks and lips are flushed with colour.  His curls cling to the side of his face, accentuating his unique looks.  John has never seen him looking so beautiful.
Sherlock knows John is beyond exhausted.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Blimey."  John stares out of the door, before blinking and turning his full attention towards Sherlock.  "Teddy bears in pink bloomers?  I know that's not the morphine talking as you've not been on it for a while, now." John puts an arm around Sherlock's waist where they sit on the bed and draws him close until he can press a kiss into Sherlock's soft curls. "I missed your sense of humour."
“He is one of my homeless network; able to go unnoticed anywhere unless he wishes to be seen.
I guess now you and I will keep an eye on each other instead.”
"Hi. I just wanted to let you know that I've got your test results back and they're showing all clear, nothing untoward. So...." John can almost hear her blushing down the phone line. "There's no need to be using prophylactics within committed relationships unless it is as a form of birth control or.. " A muffled giggle. "To lessen the mess of sexual encounters."
I started this during Lockdown (March 2020) and bizarrely I am ending it just as where I live once again enters Lockdown.
"What's the matter, Sherlock?" Immediately the doctor in John is apparent, concern shown as a frown on his face as he sweeps an analytical gaze over Sherlock's body. Sherlock tries to lock his discomfort away but the involuntary twitching and clenching of his thighs (and backside) betray him. Relief replaces worry instantly and Sherlock is supremely relieved to see that John doesn't even break into a smile, doctorly or otherwise. "What would you like, Sherlock? A bottle or help to the loo?"
Sherlock says, gesturing vaguely at his own hair, before swallowing again and makes a concerted effort at getting a full sentence, at normal human pace, out. “Can I use some of your hair product? I used all of mine on an experiment yesterday.”
Look at me?”
“Perfect.”
"Hello, Sleepyhead." John teases, ruffling his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
Big love to my wonderful beta, Lockedinjohnlock, for her continued awesomeness (honestly, if the boys ever come visiting I will send them over to her - eventually!)
~~~~~~~~~~~
"You just want to get your hands on my hot body!" John jokes feebly in an effort to push aside the surge of emotion he feels at Sherlock's words. He sits next to where Sherlock is reclining and submits, without complaint, as Sherlock pokes and prods him until John is positioned to his liking.
John looks on in wonder as Sherlock becomes totally lost to his bliss, his face open and his lips forming a perfect O before his eyes fall shut.
"So, you
"I'm here Sherlock. Just waiting on the coffee." For a moment John saw the look of puzzlement on Sherlock's face before it was swiftly replaced with one of his crooked smiles. Relieved that nothing serious seemed to be amiss, John got the coffees from the microwave before sitting himself back down on the floor beside Sherlock.
“What?”  John asks, barely suppressing a sigh, obviously knowing Bobby’s drunken ramblings of old.
"Breathe, Sherlock, deep breaths." John's voice is soothing and calm, a balm over Sherlock's roiling emotions. "I know you don't feel things like that, and I'm probably being unfair telling you, but I can't keep it to myself any longer. I will always be your friend, Sherlock, I don't need for it to be anything more, but I thought it was time that you knew that you are worthy of being loved."
The pace picks up and Sherlock is no longer able to kiss John’s lips, their height difference finally coming in to play.
"Oh, I do exist then.  I thought the fact that I sent you a photo of your daughter last night would be worthy of a response, but apparently not." Mary's eyes are cold but her hands are grasped in her lap, whether resisting the temptation to attack or to prevent her from wringing them, Sherlock does not know.
"That woman is a force of nature. Remind me never to get on the wrong side of her!" John remarks, grinning at Sherlock.
"You know I'll just take them off as soon as you leave." Sherlock's heart sank at the thought of morning, knowing that John would need to leave soon, to go home to Mary.
“Wrong.  I sent an emergency code to Mycroft when I went to put the kettle on, he increased surveillance around Baker Street.  Real people, not those silly little cameras you thought you put out of commission and not the people who let themselves be seen by your people.  I drove John here as soon as he regained consciousness and we had co-ordinates to aim for. Oh, and most importantly, whilst I’ve been standing here, chattering on as you put it, Mycroft’s and the Inspector’s men have incapacitated all of your people.  But don't mind me, I’m just the landlady.”  Mrs Hudson radiates righteous indignation.
"Look after him. He feels more than he lets on.” Molly's voice takes on a hard edge that John has never heard before and he automatically pays attention. “If you hurt him, the last time you will have any contact with me will be when you're under my knife on the autopsy table. The being dead part is not mandatory."
"Good. Glad I could be your 'conductor of light' or whatever." Standing, John stretched before pointing an imperious finger at Sherlock. "Right. You are having some toast and tea before we start anything. And no bloody arguments."
"What do you see, John?" John knows that he will miss all the pertinent details but he also knows that his second-rate observations do truly help to fuel Sherlock's deductions.
"Now, you sleep." John reclines. "How do you think you'll be most comfortable?"
It's his very want, his need, for this man that has made Sherlock hold back all day; scared to cross some invisible line and lose everything he never imagined he could have. He is fully aware he isn't considered a 'good catch'. He is socially and physically awkward, certainly not conventionally handsome and rarely polite. He has known since the start of their friendship that John is bisexual; he's seen him giving men second looks but also noticed that John never followed those looks up with dates. Sherlock knows that John has had semi-serious relationships with men but that it had been made clear at the outset that they were going to be for a set length of time. Sherlock never thought he stood a chance with John; just because John fancied men occasionally wasn't a guarantee that he would ever think of Sherlock that way. Sherlock acknowledges that their relationship does not mean a promise of commitment. John's track record is evidence of that.
You didn't honestly think it would all be plain sailing for these two did you?!
“You’ll work it out, Sherlock.  You always do.”
"John. Lie back for me." Large, strong hands curl over John's shoulders and ease him back. Sherlock moves with John until John is fully reclined on the rug, Sherlock bracing on his arms, tension apparent throughout his lean frame as he works to keep his body from pressing onto John's. A light sheen of sweat covers his skin and it glimmers in the firelight, his body a flushed dusky pink and his hair is tousled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Martin here says that Mr. Harris will meet me in the meadow, he is very happy to show me his bees.”  Sherlock’s happiness is almost palpable.  Still smiling, he hands John a chequered blanket, offering the concierge a brief farewell before striding off.  Making a definite
John lounged against the door frame and took a moment to observe Sherlock as he refuelled the fire. John admired the long, lean (slightly bruised) form as Sherlock elegantly moved through the motions.  John couldn't read people as Sherlock could but he knew Sherlock, and right now he could see that he wasn't as calm as he appeared.  Sherlock was forcing himself to stay in place, even though his whole body was yearning to bolt out of the door. He could see the angle of Sherlock's jaw, the way his muscles stood out firm in his cheeks, teeth obviously clenched with the effort required to stop him acting on his instincts. He could almost see the questions rushing through Sherlock's mind, all centred around Mary.  John could see a flush on Sherlock's skin and hoped it was caused by the idea of John being home rather than just the heat of the fire.  Allowing himself to appreciate Sherlock's fire-lit beauty for a minute more, John thought once again what a lucky man he was.  He had this unique man as a friend, a flatmate, and if this all went to plan, a lover - his other half, the person who completed him.   Dragging his gaze away, John set about the tasks in hand, tidying the medical kit up and reaching for whiskey glasses in short order.  He paused a moment when he picked up the whiskey bottle; it was the same one from the night they'd almost kissed.  Hopefully it would bring better luck this time.  After digging around in the freezer for a moment John found the tray of ice cubes - definitely ice -  dropping them into the glasses before walking into the living room.
Sherlock stirs a little and John stills, not wanting to wake Sherlock from his healing sleep.
"Does that make you happy, love?"  The endearment slips from John's lips like air, caressing Sherlock's skin before making its way to his heart, to be forever cherished.
"I have my suspicions; suspicions that will either be confirmed or denied when we have those hair gems in our possession. Let's just say, I don't think this will be a case that you will be able to blog about."
"A couple of times, nothing happened, but we were never awkward with each other. Last I heard he was married and father to twin girls."
"John, I really don't understand why you are so shocked! Dancing has always been vital in building and maintaining relationships in both the human and animal kingdom. I want you and Mary to have a happy, sexually satisfying relationship....."
“True, but it always pays to be prepared.”  John smiles, obviously relishing the unusual situation of Sherlock not knowing something.
Wearily, Sherlock closes his eyes and is immediately flooded with images of Mary in her wedding gown, Mary holding a gun whilst dressed in black, Mary dressed in a black mourning dress, strangely decorative and more in keeping with a wedding gown, Mary heavily pregnant and wearing the red coat that reminds him so much of blood and the Mary in his dreams - no pregnancy, no child in sight and intelligence that seems superior to even his own and a match, as much as he hates to admit, for Mycroft.
John looked around in amazement, they were precisely where they'd started but he knew they had moved, had felt the muscles in Sherlock's upper body tensing and relaxing as they stepped, had seen Sherlock's feet moving in tandem with his own.
"John?" Sherlock's voice is soft; John can't help but think how intimate it makes his simple name sound. Looking up from his coffee, he meets Sherlock's warm gaze. "You know that I count you as part of my work, don't you?" Perhaps sensing John's confusion, Sherlock hastens on. "I don't mean that I see you as my job, even I'm not that insensitive, rather, I don't need to choose between you and my work. You are equally important."
“Yes, we’ve been making -“  Mrs. Hudson is cut off by an overexcited Rosie shouting, ‘cakes, cakes,’  making both men laugh.  “Yes, chocolate cupcakes.  I may have let this one eat too much of the mix though.”  Mrs. Hudson wipes half-heartedly at Rosie’s face with a cotton hanky.  “Luckily, Molly is coming to take this little monster out soon, run off all that energy.”
"John." His name is nothing more than a drawn-out sigh and he gulps before moving to sit on the edge of the mattress. "Guess what I found under the pillow when I put the massage oil under it to warm?" Heat floods John's face even as desire pools in his groin. "You've been shopping." The words hang heavy in the warm air. John manages an affirmative sound but no more words are forthcoming. "Such a good soldier to be prepared." The simple praise causes to John to tremble; how the hell Sherlock is turning John on so much with just a few phrases is beyond him. He suspects it's the deep velvet of the voice itself, caressing him, raising goose bumps and causing his cock to harden, but, quite honestly, he doesn't care, just as long as the deep pleasure continues.
"I ended up helping the Italian police. Honestly John they are even more useless than Scotland Yard." Sherlock tried to deflect the conversation but John was determined.
John can't help feeling that this is rather a lot to achieve from a handful of dead bugs and some cryptic scribbles, but if anyone can solve it, it will be Sherlock. Grinning, John finishes his water before grabbing his stuff and heading off to the shower.
“Drop in on Mrs Hudson, she’ll make sure you get something for your trouble.”
"Jesus Christ!" The words are wrenched from John as he is engulfed in warm, wet,
"Not hungry, John?" Sherlock is leaning over the small table and looking at John intently, openly stealing a few chips and pieces of chicken.
He adopts the natural dance position for the slow paced song that is now playing, his hand resting gently on John’s waist whilst John’s hand is on his shoulder, their other hands are joined and held slightly up and away from them.
Author's Note 27/07/2015
"Close your eyes, Sherlock.  Concentrate on the patterns my fingers make."  John's words are whispered directly onto the skin of Sherlock's neck, the brush of John's lips enough to make Sherlock groan and shiver in delight.
John faltered over the words and Sherlock knew that this was too much for John. John did not like to put his deeper emotions on display, would not talk about them if they inadvertently showed. In that way they were indeed similar. Sherlock had originally chosen not to show any 'soft' emotions, such as love and concern, and John refused to talk about any emotions.  Together both men had been starting to lower their defences and show a more balanced persona. But that had been before The Fall.  Sherlock remained more open even now, his determination to show John how much a better person he could be, fighting with his natural instinct to put up his defensive walls again. John, however, had closed down again. His defensive wall was thicker and stronger than previously.  Only now, after many months of being back and cases forcing them together, had John allowed part of that wall to come down.
These fine gentlemen will wheel you, in your bed, to the new room.”
Let me see you.”
“I concur.”
Sherlock returns his focus to where his finger breaches John’s body and presses further in until his finger is in to the knuckle.
"Whatever you say dear." Mrs Hudson stands and smooths the crinkles out of her dress. "You can rely on me. I'm going to leave you in peace now; be sure to let me know when you want your tea. I've got some lovely fresh bread and ham downstairs, I'll make you some ham and tomato sandwiches and I'll pop out and get some of those crisps you like too, Sherlock, dear." With a final primp of her skirt and the gentle click of her shoes she disappears back downstairs to her flat.
"So I did."  Sherlock sighs as John kisses his shoulder.  "And I will again."
Sherlock leaves the bathroom, happy with his appearance and shares a brief kiss with John when he passes on the way to his own shower.  He retrieves his suit from the wardrobe, hanging it on the open the door, frowning at the rumpled trousers before taking them off the hanger and putting them in the trouser press, hoping it doesn't make the fabric shiny.  Returning to the wardrobe he selects two shirts, hanging them next to his suit jacket before turning his attention to the bed, intending to smooth over the no-doubt rumpled bed linen.  He runs his fingers over the sheets, smiling, John has obviously had the same idea as the bed is now immaculately made with even the  annoying decorative pillows back in place.
It's an unusual position for John to be in, so much taller than Sherlock but he uses it to his advantage, tilting Sherlock's head by placing two fingers under his chin. Sherlock's breath against his face smells sweet, hints of bergamot, cinnamon and sugar dancing around in the warm huffs of air. John can resist no longer and he dips his head again to taste the lusciousness there. The kiss immediately slips from chaste to something more intimate and John moves his hand to the nape of Sherlock's neck, his fingers stroked by the silkiness of the overly long curls. John gives in to temptation further and pushes his fingers up into the soft, welcoming embrace of Sherlock's hair, all the while sliding his tongue along Sherlock's, only retreating to softly nip at full lips before returning. Neither man is trying to turn this into something more, nothing more is needed. Hearts are laid open, their contents clear to see for those who look. Words are not needed, tongues speak another language now, one that both men finally understand.
“Sherlock!”
“Sherlock, just stop talking now.  Nothing you have said, or will say, can compel me to stay here a moment longer.”  Mary’s voice is tight with frustration.
“John, I…” Sherlock begins but words fail him when John continues to smile up at him, attraction colouring the soft pink of his lips and adding a bright spark to his dark blue eyes. Sherlock blinks rapidly in confusion, hoping that each blink will provide a solution, but none comes.
“Hmm.” She studies him critically before deciding to believe him. “OK. I’ll be back bright and early tomorrow. Love you.” She drops a distracted kiss to his hair. “You too, Sherlock, let him rest.”
"You must be tired after your day at the hospital though?" Mary queries, her voice light and conversational.
“No, thank you.”  Long arms wrap around John’s waist from behind, warm breath rustling the hair behind his ear.  “Stop procrastinating and come to bed.”  John can feel the words rumble through him, making the hair on the nape of his neck stand on end, his eyes briefly fluttering shut.
"No!" John interrupts. "We're not going down that path. We have both done things that we shouldn't have done and we are not going to rehash it all. We need to move on. I said I forgave you, Sherlock and I meant it."
"That sounds an awful lot like a wedding vow to me, Sherlock." He licks his lips, his mouth dry despite all the moisture in the air.
Strong, sure hands encourage him to lift his left leg and he feels his boot being slid off, hears the clunk of his boot as it thrown to the side before the hands return to his foot, peeling off his sock.
"Lingering on the more erogenous areas." Sherlock takes a deep breath, his nose pressed deep into the thin material of John's boxers.  "Breathing you in."  John grasps onto Sherlock's shoulders and wills his knees not to give out.
John chuckles as he gets various items of food from the fridge and cupboards.  It's strangely reassuring that Sherlock is still a haughty bastard at times, John knows he wouldn't want him any other way.  That is the man he fell in love with and that is very much the man he wants to spend the rest of his life with; black moods, laughter, rooftop chases and dinners by the fire.
Sherlock alters the angle of his body and shifts John’s legs up higher until John is almost bent in half, his knees close to his shoulders.
Mary's laugh jars Sherlock, making him flinch and his chest throb.  He moves from the sofa to his chair, wishing that he felt strong enough to lean against the fireplace or stand by his case board, anything to give him an advantage over Mary.  His limbs are tired and his chest aches; the trip to Bart's, the reality of the baby and John's vision of a hopeful future for them has thoroughly exhausted him. John looks in his direction, rising partially from his chair and Sherlock shakes his head, indicating for John to stay where he is.
that, although I think I’m ready for some of that rest the doctor keeps ordering.”
Really really sorry about the huuuuuuuugggggge gap between chapters........
“Get the fuck back in that bed, Sherlock Holmes, or so help me I’ll put you there myself.”
Sherlock is grateful that Rosie is spending the night with Molly and that Mrs Hudson hasn't yet returned from Bingo when John gets home from his next date.  The door slamming and the tirade of swear words are enough to wake the dead, let alone an elderly landlady or toddler.
It takes all of Sherlock’s self-control not to rut down on to the bed beneath him and bring himself to completion.
I found nothing arousing in the thought or the image.”
“What happened?” Sherlock asks once he has full control over his breathing, ignoring the way Mycroft’s eyes widen briefly at the barely suppressed panic in his voice.
Sherlock makes short work of John’s belt, the clink and swish of its release and tug through the belt loops serving to heighten John’s excitement.
“John, I …”  Sherlock halts, swallows, and takes a moment to remind himself that this thing that appears to be happening…..this
Sherlock follows the way his own body speaks to him and the clues that John’s body is providing and takes himself in hand.
"Bloody hell Sherlock, I should have recorded that! Kept it to play back every time you're an annoying dick!" The laughter in John's  voice keeping the jibe light hearted. "Right. Sit still for ten minutes. Let the food digest."
"Tea?" John asks gruffly, rapidly escaping to the kitchen, not awaiting an answer.  "I'll go put the kettle on."
I'll be there in twenty minutes Sherlock. Do not make me regret this. - JW.
John slumps against Sherlock's side and his emotions finally catch up with him, shock and angry disappointment foremost.
John sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. He counts down from thirty in his head, ten having never been sufficient when dealing with mad geniuses. "Ok. Ok. You're right. Molly it is. But won't she think it strange that I'm having these tests? Or that we are having her do them? Her patients are usually dead, love."
The woman says, squeezing her husband’s arm and looking lovingly up into his eyes.
I'm tired of talking to an empty space
Please feel free to kudos, comment and recommend!
“Go on then.”  Enid grins back, her smile grows wider when two of the hot mince pies are put on a plate in front of her and two more go in front of Mrs Hudson.
On the first play through, John had recognised quite a few of the songs and had been surprised that Sherlock had been familiar enough with them to include them on a CD. The first two were the ones that they had danced to and even now the memory of holding Sherlock in his arms was enough to get his heart racing.  He had listened to the songs in mild awe at the range Sherlock had chosen; all had the same underlying sentiment - love.  Strangely, listening to the music had made John feel closer to Sherlock than he had achieved by sitting in Sherlock's chair, inhaling his scent.   As the songs had continued to play John had realised that they were not a selection of songs for John to learn to dance to for his wedding, but an unconscious message from Sherlock to John.  The lyrics expressed the feelings that Sherlock would never willingly admit to, they were the words that remained so desperately unspoken between them both.
Haven’t Lestrade and Mycroft puts guards around us, just in case….”
“I know exactly who you did it for. And why.” She flashes a grim smile in his direction before moving closer to John’s bed, resting her thigh close to his.
"Early death?"  John raises himself up to look at Sherlock's face, trying to deduce what Sherlock is talking about.
Sighing, John pads down the corridor towards Sherlock's bedroom. More information would be useful so he can pack accordingly. Upon reaching Sherlock's room he leans casually against the doorframe, watching the chaos that is Sherlock attempting to pack. Shirts and suits already lie crumpled on the bed, pants and socks are now joining them. John catches a flash of dark blue silk before Sherlock suddenly stills. A pained expression flicks across his face, gone before John can decipher its cause.
“I think you’re due to come off the intravenous pain meds tomorrow, Sherlock.
"Yes." Sherlock is unable to keep the tremor out of his voice as his hands slide to the edges of his dressing gown. The look on John's face is pure, unadulterated lust and powerfully sexy; the mild mannered doctor pushed aside for the man of action. "I believe your constant vigilance and aid will be required." Sherlock pushes the dressing gown off, enjoying the sensation of silk sliding over his body. The material pools at his feet with a sensuous whisper that is echoed by their heavy breathing.
John's eyes glittered with sudden mirth and he couldn't stop the affection he felt from colouring his voice. "You really are an idiot Sherlock." John raised a hand to stop the inevitable protest from him. "Yes, you are. Mary and I are not getting married, now or ever. She is a dear friend, but she is not my girlfriend, or my fiancée and she will never be my wife." John paused, his voice now serious, deeper, even to his own ears, gaze intent on Sherlock. "Do you understand Sherlock? I'm not getting married.  I'm going to be here, with you."
Mega shoutout to my beta, Lockedinjohnlock, she always does an outstanding job at kicking these chapters into shape, but this one needed a bit more than the usual amount! Stray punctuation everywhere! And more than a fair few letters and words missing in action!
Sherlock's mind was awash with self recrimination. He shouldn't have put John in that situation. He should have waited until John was completely free, unattached.
It is only when a nurse quietly enters the room that Sherlock realises, with a sudden jolt of anger, that they hadn't been in to check on John.
This is all for you.”
John gingerly tries to alleviate the discomfort by moving into a different position but freezes when he becomes aware of an unexpected presence in the room.
"I believe so. It all goes back to Empress Elisabeth's son, Crown Prince Rudolf. The diary that I found at Lechner's Austrian apartment is a record of her children's exploits, but in particular Rudolf's. He was unhappily married for many years, only having one child within wedlock. He had many affairs though, documented in her diary, some of which produced children. Of course, these children have no claim to the estate of Elisabeth officially, but unofficially she did make provision for them and their heirs to receive a small inheritance from it, in perpetuity. Lechner had discovered this secret diary through his work at the Austrian Government and undertook painstaking research into who was related to Prince Rudolf. It is via this research that he discovered a possible, unclaimed link to his own family. He took a sample of his own DNA and had a sample drawn from Elisabeth, using the lock of hair contained within the diary, and had the results compared. The coded scrawlings at his London apartment, I believe, confirm that he is indeed related to Empress Elisabeth, via her son Rudolf, and would have been afforded a share in the inheritance. It is my deduction that he took the gemstones in a misguided belief that he deserved them."
Annnnnnnd the wonderful Lockedinjohnlock has reached over halfway with her beautiful beta work! Honestly this lovely lady is a real treasure! She's on the other side of the world to me and yet we somehow manage to squeeze time in to do this!  (And she is the beta on an upcoming story of mine!)
“Why use Sherlock?
!" Sherlock would sound exasperated if he wasn't so short of breath. "Of course it's bloody well ok! And if you don't get your mouth back on my cock this instant I shall......"
"I saw you rub your hands over your body, over your nipples, down your firm stomach."  As John spoke he moved his hand over Sherlock's chest and stomach, over the edge of the sheet before finally grasping Sherlock's cock. Sherlock allowed his head to fall back, groaning slightly.  "I saw you take your cock in your hand, I saw you close your hand into a firm grip. You looked like some marble creation of Michelangelo's, the tears of angels running over you in envy of your beauty. Your body is so perfect, so beautiful, so fuckable. I saw you stroking yourself, pumping and, oh fuck Sherlock, watching you my cock had never been so hard! I wanted to join you, to rub my body against yours but I couldn't move, you mesmerised me. I saw you pump harder and harder, saw the flush in your skin and I saw you throw back your head as you came, heard my name on those ridiculous lips of yours!"
Sherlock takes a moment to answer, seemingly pulling himself from deep contemplation.
John rests his weight on the arm of Sherlock's chair and dips his head to place a kiss on Sherlock's unruly mop of hair. He allows himself a moment to linger there, enjoying the warmth of Sherlock so close to him and inhales his scent, coughing slightly when he breathes in too deep and a fluffy curl attempts to escape from the masses and down John's throat. He can feel Sherlock's silent laughter in the way that his body shakes against his arm and thigh. God, he has missed this side of Sherlock, this happy, relaxed man, comfortable in his own skin and with his place in the world. John's not an idiot. He knows that Sherlock can be an absolute brat at times; temper tantrums over seemingly nothing, destroying inanimate objects through boredom or stress, rattling off words at a thousand words a minute or not speaking for days. Luckily John knows that's not all there is to Sherlock; when they had lived together they had enjoyed relaxed evenings and days, had eaten leisurely of good, home-cooked food and enjoyed quiet times in front of the telly. John had missed all of it, all of Sherlock; the genius working on a crime, forgoing sleep and food until it is solved and the quiet, relaxed man, content to while away the hours with his violin and his good friend.
“Desperately so, yes; but only if it’s something that you want too and only when you feel ready to try.” John slides his hand along Sherlock’s thigh, enjoying the way the soft hair on Sherlock’s leg feels against his fingertips.
“Well, isn’t this cosy.”
Mr Rajkoomar allows his words to sink in before nodding his farewells at both men and leaving the room as silently as he arrived, his mind already moving on to the concerns of his next patient.
One step closer.'
, John.  Nondescript.”
John knew he was playing with fire by teasing Sherlock, after all he had an uncanny knack at taking offence at the most mundane things, but any contact with Sherlock was, at least, contact.
Suddenly, Sherlock looks up and directly meets John's eye. The sorrow that John sees there causes him to reach out and hold Sherlock's hand. "Understand, I never wanted to kiss Michael, or be kissed by him, he was an adult and I was little more than a child; but seeing how he and Mycroft were together made me realise how much I wanted something similar in my life. I grew more reserved as I matured and realised that it was unlikely I'd have that type of someone and I became more and more sour with life. Michael had become the only person I felt I could talk to and I was lucky enough that he liked spending time with me. Mycroft accepted our friendship, relieved, I think, that someone else was there to help with his increasingly out of control brother."
Radio silence! How very dull. - SH
“I’m not going to argue that fact with you.”
"Is this what you want, Love?" John rubs his burgeoning erection over Sherlock's. "Or do you want to be in my mouth?"  John breathes the words against the curve of Sherlock's chin, nipping his jawline when Sherlock's hands suddenly clench, the grip almost painful, before easing off.
“You’re on a catheter,”
I promise I will eventually get round to them dancing! And who knows what else!
"Beyond doubt, Sherlock. DNA tests have been run both on him and on Ms Morstan, in her case from hair left at her flat. Ms Morstan has also been seen leaving the facility on more than one occasion. She has, of course, been heavily disguised but our facial recognition programmes have easily identified her."
"What was it you said last night, John? 'Half the joy is in the anticipation. Everything is better if you have to wait for it.' Believe me, John. You'll be ecstatic that you waited for it."
John’s only response is to nod, but it’s enough for Sherlock to know that John agrees with the compromise.
Mrs Hudson wonders if tonight is the night that John finally admits to how he feels, both to Sherlock and fully to himself. They say a final goodbye to Mrs Hudson and Rosie, chuckling like school-boys as they dodge around the car Mycroft has sent and slip in to the nearest cab.
Sherlock reaches for the shower gel and squeezes some into his large hand.  The smell of citrus fills the warm, moist air and Sherlock knows he will never be able to smell lime again without visualising his hand on John's skin.  He thoroughly washes John's back, trailing his fingers over John's scar, the place where the bullet left his body forever marked with knotted scar tissue and a testament to John's life story.  Sherlock slides his soapy hands over John's shoulders, exploring their strength with his fingertips before dipping beneath his arms, working his fingers through the soft, fine hair.  John wriggles slightly, ticklish and Sherlock moves his hands so that they glide over John's chest.  He can feel the way John's nipples harden beneath his touch, the way that John fights the instinct to lean back against Sherlock, gripping at the sides of the bath instead. Gradually, Sherlock works his hands down John's body, dipping them under the water to take John in his hand.  Yesterday he had needed to be quick with actions, bringing John to climax before self-consciousness of their surroundings had fully hit him.  Today he means to take his time, to feel John as he reacts to each stroke and slide before finally climaxing at Sherlock's hand.
succeeded too, it’s only your sheer bloody stubbornness that brought you back.
"So you snogged a lot of people then?" John teases, knowing Sherlock's hatred of the word.
Greg says, eyes widening in surprise when Sherlock wholeheartedly agrees.
The afternoon ticks by slowly, John and Sherlock both dozing, off and on. Sherlock's hand is tightly held in John's or vice versa, John leaning awkwardly on the bed or Sherlock leaning slightly over to touch John as he sleeps in the chair that is pulled up close to the bed. The feeling of tranquillity is broken when Sherlock realises that his bladder feels full. He had been successfully ignoring the call of his body for the last hour but it seems that desperate measures are now called for. He fidgets on his bed whilst deciding on whether to wake John and let him assist or to ring for a nurse. A nurse would be less personal, so potentially less embarrassing, but the idea of another person touching his flesh causes Sherlock's jaw to clamp shut and a violent tremor to shake his body. The resulting judder of the bed frame is enough to rouse John from his light sleep and the decision is effectively removed from Sherlock.
"Bye, Molly."
John finally gives up, settling in to his much-loved armchair with the report that Greg and Mycroft had left with him. He holds the report in his hands for a long time, eyes unseeing, the paper cold and unfeeling against his fingertips. He can't help thinking how ironic it is that Mary appeared so warm and loving on the surface but he found the 'true her' via a piece of paper and a memory stick. He knows she had intended for him never to look at it, to forgive her without question, that she believed a few well-placed tears and a trembling lip would make him forget that she had tried to kill Sherlock. She had been wrong. Very wrong. John had plugged the memory stick into his computer the first moment he had a chance. Mycroft, in his omniscience, had brought John's computer to the hospital the first night that they knew that Sherlock was out of danger. John had contacted Mycroft soon after and together they had read the scant information that the key had contained. Her real name was given, her country of birth, some school reports and the fact that she had worked for the CIA; nothing that would have made John hate her if she hadn't just tried to murder the only person of any worth in his life. His gaze drifts over to the window and his fist tightens on the paper in his hands. This report contains enough information for John to hate her. A killer, a cold-hearted murderer, who sold her skills to the highest bidder.
“Do you know how many Williams, Bills and Billys we know?”
I hope you enjoy it, let me know what you think!
Sherlock studies John's face, grateful once more for the stalwartness of his friend. His embarrassment fades a little at the situation, even as he inwardly chides himself for his awkwardness.
"I know, Molly and I will do my best, everyday. Thanks again. For everything."
As always, huge thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for her awesome beta skills, patience and helpful links!
John gets up once during the night, the sound of his alarm waking him. He goes through the same routine as the previous evening, ensuring that Sherlock takes his painkillers and settles back to sleep comfortably. John pays only enough attention to his phone that is required for turning his alarm off. Before long, John sinks back into bed, sighing happily when Sherlock snuggles back into him.
“That I can do.” Sherlock asserts, breaking their eye contact before John can read more from his face than he willing to share.  “Let’s go get booked in, shall we?”
“Nurse!”  Sherlock leaps from his chair, swearing loudly when the morphine feed is ripped from him.  Heedless of his injury Sherlock wrenches open the room door, his heart pounding in alarm.  “Nurse!”
As usual huge thanks go out to the fabulous Lockedinjohnlock for her amazing beta skills and also for helping to sort out the lefts and rights in the embrace! It was all far too much for my poor little head to cope with! She is my beta, my thesaurus and my friend.
Sherlock stares at John, at all the bare skin on display.  The light filters through Sherlock's thin curtains and casts a soft glow over John's skin and Sherlock's hands twitch with the need to feel that skin beneath his fingertips.  He wants to trace the way each muscle sits and moves in John's torso, to run his fingers through the smattering of hair over John's chest, follow the darkening trail on his abdomen to where it dips beneath the sheets.
I really hope you enjoy the new chapter! Please leave kudos and comments, they make me very happy and currently I could with every speck of happiness that may come my way.
The steady stream of Austrian impresses John.
In the chest.
This story is gradually being edited by the wonderful Lockedinjohnlock in preparation for being turned into a podfic! I'm so excited!  She is a brilliant beta too!
John slides out of bed and marches into the bathroom, muttering under his breath the whole way. He grabs the ring, clenching it in his hand before stamping back into the bedroom. He barely resists the temptation of throwing the ring at Sherlock, realising that Sherlock is in the right.
!" Sherlock's voice is full of wonder, with an edge of curiosity. "You're getting everything tested as soon as possible. Blood, sperm, the lot! It's not fair that you know how I taste and I can't know how you taste!"
“Answer me.”
"Are we absolutely positive that this man is Ms Morstan's brother?" Sherlock queries, his voice ringing out.
“Yep.”
“John.”  Sherlock reaches out for him, finally making contact.  “I’m afraid some lies are necessary.  Trust us.  You know that Mycroft could have cut us out of this investigation long ago, and that he still could if he believed it to be necessary.  I think if we want to continue to know what comes from this madness you've lived through recently then you're going to have to accept this lie.  In the grand scheme of things it barely makes a dent in the universe.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Torn up, that it isn't me.
“Take the left hand side, John.”  Sherlock walks round to the right side of the bed, pulling back the covers before sliding in.  When John continues to hesitate Sherlock speaks again.  “Your left shoulder rarely bothers you now, apart from a little stiffness in cold or damp weather; but you still prefer to sleep so that your shoulder is to the open room; this position kept it well away from the wall in the early days of your recovery with only a single bed to sleep in.  Since then you choose to sleep on the left side of a shared bed, unconsciously protecting your left shoulder and leaving your right shoulder free for a partner to rest on, should they wish to.  It also means you can turn to face your bed partner, perhaps sleep facing them, with no strain being put on a shoulder you still don’t quite trust, despite the fact you have almost a full range of motion and have full strength in it.”
“Don’t think you've distracted me, Sherlock, you
John sighs and tries to drag his thoughts away from Mary; they don't belong with her anymore. His attention and care belong with the man now sleeping in their bedroom. Sherlock has been asleep for a few hours, retiring soon after Greg and Mycroft had left to enjoy each other's company. John allows himself to remember the effect Sherlock's plea to Greg had on him. John had needed to bite down the impulse to kiss Sherlock whilst Greg and Mycroft were still in the room, only giving way to his impulse when he had heard the sound of the front door closing. The taste of Sherlock still lingers on his tongue and the depth of Sherlock's care and love warms him.
Sadness lingering in eyes, concern over Harry?
Shaking his head John physically tried to clear the memory away. He knew he needed to be level headed for his dance lessons, needed every ounce of self control he could muster. Remaining still, John catalogued his own reactions to the upcoming event.  His breath was uneven, almost laboured; surely his heart was beating loudly enough for Sherlock to hear? His arms were now straight at his sides, almost pinned in place, left hand tightly clenched.  Forcing himself to take a calming breath, he closed his eyes and concentrated on easing the tension from his muscles. He tilted his head from one side to the other before moistening his lips and slowly opening his eyes.  Jesus Christ! Sherlock was studying him with an intensity that made his pulse spike, the reaction almost painful. Those mesmerising eyes totally focussed on John, bright blue with a starburst of central green, detailing every feature.  Picking him apart until John felt naked and vulnerable.  The soldier in John took over, unconsciously forcing him to stand taller, make his shoulders broader, to meet Sherlock's gaze squarely with his own. No backing down, no surrender. Sherlock's hand had remained held out but John noted a faint tremble before Sherlock slowly lowered it. Maintaining eye contact Sherlock slowly inclined his head to the side before allowing his upper body to strain towards John. Dear God! The sight of the long column of Sherlock's neck exposed was almost enough to send John into free-fall, he could feel his heart hammering in his chest, the air being sucked into suddenly too small lungs.  Sherlock's gaze fell to John's still-moist lips, his own lips parting in response. John unconsciously licked his lower lip again and was startled to hear Sherlock's breath hitch whilst taking an involuntarily step closer, all the time his gaze never leaving John's face.
"Mary? Seriously?" An incredulous grin sits on Greg's face as he waits for the punch line of the joke. He focuses on each man in turn but sees no deceit. "John's Mary shot Sherlock? And you knew, and did nothing?"
“What is it with little old women and our love-life, or lack of it?”
The scent of ‘hospital’ assaults his nostrils but hidden under that, despite days in hospital, is the unmistakable scent that is unique to John.
When you were talking about waves?”
"I meant, 'would you like some tea?' I was offering to make it.  Honestly John, are you sure you've woken up properly? I have made tea before." Sherlock kept his voice playful whilst pretending to be exasperated.
"No, nothing. I suspect he is busy with Mary.  Maybe she has him finally planning the wedding with her?" Sherlock could hear the bitterness in his voice as he spoke about the upcoming event.
(See the end of the chapter for
He blinks twice, before taking a deep breath. “Mousse, um, would be better if you have it, thanks.”
John tapped away at his keyboard, updating his blog and answering questions before finally composing an email to Mary.  Sherlock frowned as he read over John's shoulder.
The arrival of a nurse means an end to the embrace as John rouses from his slumber.
John turns his face away, his chest heaving with his effort to stay calm. It takes him a few minutes but when he turns back to Sherlock his face is devoid of any emotion.
When Sherlock's eyes slowly drift open, their gaze locks on John and his breath is taken away with the emotion he sees there. How he could ever have thought this man a machine, incapable of feeling, is beyond him. His eyes never leave Sherlock's as Sherlock lowers his face to his once more. The ensuing kiss is heartbreakingly intimate and slow. Full lips lightly brush over his firmer ones before a soft tongue tentatively touches against him. As John sighs and rubs his thumbs over Sherlock's cheekbones again, a slow rhythm starts to form. A kiss, a thumb glide and a gentle hip roll; John feels like he could keep doing this for the rest of his life, nothing more would be needed. He nips lightly at Sherlock's lower lip and feels Sherlock's cock twitch in response, and just like that the urgency he feels ramps up. He nips again and again, before laving the sensitive area with his tongue. Moving his hands into Sherlock's hair, he tugs gently on the curls, eliciting a deep moan and a firm hip rock. Leaving one hand wrapped firmly in Sherlock's hair he trails his other hand over Sherlock's back and arse, relishing the feel of firm muscles moving as they continue to rock together. Slowly, he trails his fingers along the cleft, his mouth watering at the idea of touching that part of Sherlock further, exploring with his fingers, his tongue; his cock. His own erection throbs at the thought and Sherlock's twitches alongside it. The sensation is enough to make John think about Sherlock exploring him the same way and he groans, deep and throaty.
Sherlock places his hands on either side of John’s head, effectively trapping him,
A warm blanket is wrapped around Sherlock and he lays content in John’s arms, listening to the lull of John’s words and blinking slowly, determined to stay awake.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
”Sherlock.”  The touch of a warm hand on his shoulder makes the flow of images falter before beginning to slow.  It is only then that he comprehends he has been pressing his hands so hard against his temples that his fingers physically hurt.  He eases them away, leaving a phantom impression of them lingering on his skin.
Sherlock freezes for only a moment before giving himself over completely, taking control of the kiss with ease, pouring all of his fervour and need into it, drowning John in the possibilities of their life together. It could be seconds, minutes or hours that pass as they lose themselves in each other.
"I adore bees, John, find them utterly fascinating." John is a little confused by this turn of conversation, but he knows Sherlock will explain in his own good time. Holding Sherlock's hand a little tighter, he rests his head against Sherlock's shoulder. "Did you know that, like bees, firefly numbers are declining?" Sherlock rests his head on John's, bringing their joined hands up to his lips. The kiss he bestows is the barest of caresses but it takes John's breath away. "When I was a very small child I used to think that fireflies were little bees. Special bees that held lanterns to guide all the lost creatures home."
John's voice shook with barely contained emotion, fear and anger fighting for equal domination. He could feel the light covering of perspiration on his skin, the way his shirt now clung to his body, his elevated heart rate, knew that he was grinding his jaw, could hear the order in his voice. For a moment he thought Sherlock would continue to ignore him and was shocked when Sherlock relaxed under his grip. John studied Sherlock's face, resisting pushing the dark curls from Sherlock's forehead.  Now was not the time for sentiment.
Glancing up he realised that he had reached 221B, taking a steadying breath he used his own key to unlock the door.
The rest of their journey passes relatively quietly, John reads his book, insisting that Sherlock keeps his thoughts on it to himself.  Sherlock retreats in to his mind palace, reviewing the key facts that Mycroft has provided him with on the delegates expected to be in attendance this weekend.
“Gel do you?”
Sherlock’s hair is damp along the hairline, the curls there beginning to tighten as they dry, the rest laying in an almost angelic halo against his white pillowcase.
"Pack a bag, John. We need to go to Austria. I know your passport is valid. There's a flight for Vienna leaving Heathrow tonight, we can easily make it if you pack now." This last, thrown over his shoulder as he disappears into his bedroom.
"John....... I should have told you this a long time ago.......... I tried to once ..........But........" He takes a deep, shuddering breath and moves to look John directly in the eye. John feels his heart stutter at the import of what is about to follow. "I love you." The words, so long in coming, are unrushed and ardently said and tears spring to John's eyes. He pulls Sherlock into a full bodied embrace, wrapping his arms and legs around him, pulling him tight.
"Is that a possibility?" Sherlock already knows the answer but feels that it needs to be laid clearly on the table. John deserves the whole truth before he makes any lasting decisions.
He pulls John in to a kiss, dipping at the knees slightly to deepen the kiss.  Sherlock loves the way John kisses, he pours his whole soul into the action, lips and tongue delivering messages of love, lust and adoration.  He kisses down John's neck, mumbling words of love into the hot skin before suddenly moving away.  John starts to make a noise of protest but laughs when he is being pulled into the bathroom.
"No, although I suspected that she might. It's been too long since she contacted you, she's given you what she deems adequate time to get settled and now she's reminding you of your responsibilities and that she needs you to go home." Sherlock's voice is calm and his body language open, sensing that John feels emotionally vulnerable.
I will be strong, I will be faithful,
John knows Sherlock had wanted to be a pirate as a child and is quite looking forward to seeing his costume, maybe as Captain Jack Sparrow; although the thought of Sherlock with Sparrow’s unkempt hair and rather dubious beard makes John wince.  Sherlock has too unique a face to hide under bad hair and stubble; rather, he should accentuate the angles and dips.  John has spared a few random moments over the last month pondering what costume Mycroft might wear but he struggles to believe that Mycroft has ever wanted to be anything other than a bureaucrat; suited and booted since toddlerhood.
Yes I know this is a very short, very angsty chapter but I promise I am working on the next chapter now!
Sherlock agrees that privacy for that particular procedure was the best option for John but he can’t help being annoyed that he slept so heavily, anyone could have come in - anything could have happened to John.
Sherlock studies the room again, who could have caught John’s eye? He is halfway through his perusal of the room when the thought that has been fighting for attention amongst all his other observations finally gets to the forefront of his mind……  John had bought new clothes, then packed said clothes at Baker Street, before he had seen who any of the attendees would be.
"I'd better get dressed then. I don't think the Austrian police would appreciate me turning up at a crime scene in just my towel."
"G...G... God, Sherlock! Don't stop now!" John writhes in the softness of the sheepskin rug, fine tendrils sticking to the sweaty skin on his back. His breath is coming in gasps, his voice choked and hoarse.
He bites his lip, shooting a wary look at the door before continuing.  “I wish you weren't so self-conscious about your scars but I do understand why you want to keep what you see as reminders of your failures hidden.”  Sherlock pauses, fidgeting in his chair, unconsciously rubbing his back against it.  “But you didn't fail, John.  You didn't fail during your time in the army and you didn't fail me.  You could never fail me.”
“Anything specifically relating to her current employer?  The one who ordered her seduction of John?”  John winces at Sherlock’s question but stays silent.
“How was your date with Mark?  Someone you would consider seeing again?”
John's hand settles in the hair at the nape of his neck, knowledgeable fingers weaving amongst his curls, teasingly tugging, causing Sherlock to murmer in pleasure, surprising them both.  Even in his daze, Sherlock can hear John's answering sigh as he pulls him ever closer. A chant of 'John, John, John.' sets up in Sherlock's mind as John's hand moves slowly forward until his thumb is rubbing along Sherlock's jaw.  He is convinced that somehow even his stubble is programmed to respond to John. He has never been so aware of his own body before, how each cell seems to sing out for John. He is moments away from being overwhelmed when John's voice breaks through the haze.
"She's been known to pop by unexpectedly and she's been texting me quite frequently, wanting to know what is happening with Sherlock." She waves her hand at their worried expressions. "Don't worry, I haven't told her anything, just that you were still in hospital and that I wasn't sure when you'd be home." She grins at them, a surprisingly cheeky look gracing her features. "I'm afraid I rather played up the old lady role. Said I wasn't as stable on my feet as I used to be, that my hip wouldn't cope with going up and down the stairs, how it would be a huge help to me if Doctor Watson could stay for a while, just until you were stronger. How I admired her health and fitness and how well she was dealing with her pregnancy and how proud John must be to have such a strong wife who looks after herself when he's needed elsewhere."
They walk hand in hand, the action so natural to them both that they could have been doing so for years, stopping at the concierge desk.
"Well you are.  But currently you are over thinking this, which is idiotic. Talk to me John." Sherlock felt John falter in his steps, confusion evident on his handsome features.
“Want to follow it?”  John grins, tugging at Sherlock’s hand, encouraging him to stand up.
“John, there’s nothing there.”  Sherlock reluctantly lets his hand drop.  “There’s some redness but it looks like it’s from your constant rubbing rather than from a topical irritant.”
The suggestions grow more and more ridiculous and the sound of giggles drift through the closed door and echo in the corridors.
A kiss of two men finally admitting to their feelings and looking forward to their future, together.
Sherlock huffs before moving to sit down.
"Secrets? Why would I try to do that, Sherlock? You deduce anything I might try to hide."  John trails his fingertips along Sherlock's cheekbone, before letting them drift along his jaw, enjoying the sensation of fine stubble under his fingertips.
"Everywhere."  Sherlock flicks John's button open before slowly drawing the zip down.
John doesn't even try to keep up with Sherlock's unpredictability. Trembling, his breathing shallows as he allows himself to drown in the sensuality of the moment.   A light flick of tongue over the  pulse point in John's  neck causes him to gasp, arching himself further into Sherlock.  John closes his fist in Sherlock's hair as he feels the soft plushness of Sherlock's lips against his neck.  Tilting his head to the side he wordlessly encourages Sherlock to continue his exploration. A sudden nip of teeth at the tender skin of his throat causes John's hips to thrust forward, his cock grinding against Sherlock's thigh.  John hears a breathy moan from Sherlock before the sound is cut short as Sherlock seals his lips against John's neck and sucks.  Sherlock's lips open momentarily, releasing the skin before delicately kissing and laving the area with his tongue.  John hears a tiny sigh before Sherlock bathes the area with attention once more.
Watson had appeared shocked to see his wife in the crypt but covered his displeasure well. He is standing slightly away from her and Holmes, deciding to let Holmes take the lead in this one. Mrs Watson stands before Sherlock Holmes, confident in her elegant, yet daring, attire. No long skirts cover her legs; rather, they are encased in trousers - much more practical for the work Holmes has only now realised she is involved in. The feeling that she should be pregnant keeps plaguing his mind, but the Watson's have never had any children, and it is beginning to look unlikely they ever will, given Mary's advancing age. And yet, Holmes still can't quite clear the image of a red-swathed, heavily pregnant Mary from his mind. In the flare of the torchlight, she is looking at him with cold eyes and Holmes can't help feeling that he doesn't quite come up to her expectations, that he is somehow less than what she had expected. Holmes can't find it in himself to disagree with that supposition, Watson had always written about him in such a way as to make him seem above sentiment, above emotions and above feeling pain over failures. Mrs Watson had seen straight through that and had continuously tried to ensure that Watson had too, for her husband to see the weaknesses of the man he appears to idolise. Watson is no fool, he knows that it is a persona that he created for Holmes in his stories, and yet he never corrects his wife. He lets her continue to berate him and it is Watson's loyalty to Holmes that is gradually destroying his marriage. Holmes knows he should feel responsible for this and encourage Watson to repair his marriage but he will not interfere, the question of what happens within his marriage is one that only Watson can decide. Whatever the outcome may be, Holmes knows he will be there for his friend for as long as he is needed.
The bath fills quickly and Sherlock gets in, directing John to sit between his spread legs, thankful for the room their old fashioned bath gives them.
One hand still resting on the lock. Ensuring the possibility of a quick exit? No. Just stillness, preparing for what is to come.
They melt into the kiss, Sherlock’s long fingers threading through John’s hair as John’s hands wander down to Sherlock’s backside, cupping and squeezing, seemingly unable to move his hands away for long.
"We'll take it, thank you." Sherlock's jaw snaps shut so suddenly it clicks. Shock and surprise battle for supremacy before Sherlock is finally able to wrestle his face into something resembling cool indifference. He looks remarkably like Mycroft like that and John bites back a comment.
When John’s arms begin to shake Sherlock alters his position and uses both arms to pull John against him, moaning when their cocks align.
shut up and take me to our room.”
“To protect the people they care about; at least, that was my motivation.”
Idiot. - JW
“As I said, your new room can operate as a two bed room, meaning that Sherlock can remain by your side but in a way more conducive to his own healing.
Sherlock leapt from the precipice, a smile gracing his face even as he fell, the water of the Reichenbach Falls feeling strangely comforting as it encased his body. Finally he knew what needed to be done, finally he had the strength to do it......
Hearing and seeing John’s response to his touch is even more arousing than he had imagined it could be, making his nerve receptors sing.
Sherlock studies Lestrade intently as he works; despite his apparent calm the signs of stress and worry are apparent in the creases at the edges of his eyes and in the way his ready smiles don't quite reach said worried brown eyes.  John and Lestrade have been good friends for years and before Sherlock’s absence they had regularly spent numerous evenings down the pub, both drowning their sorrows and celebrating their successes.  Sherlock finally knows the worth of a good friend and empathises strongly with Lestrade.
"Whatever you say. Seemed a lot like cuddling to me but I guess next time you get cold you could always try not kicking your covers off. I'm sure that would be much more effective than 'cuddling' for retaining body heat." John teases, looking over just in time to see Sherlock rolling his eyes in exasperation. He is also in time to see Sherlock wince as he sits up.
John feels the slow meander of Sherlock's gaze like a heated touch on his damp skin, the quirked smile making his heart pound. When at last Sherlock meets his eyes John can see his desire reflected there. "Probably." A slow breath, eyes lingering briefly on John's towel. "Dull, though."
"Personal approach?" John licks his lips before casting a long look over Sherlock's body, his eyes lingering on Sherlock's lips. John briefly sucks his lower lip into his mouth, before allowing it to slip slowly out, his teeth resting on the moist flesh.
“It’s cute,”  John’s eyes sparkle with barely restrained glee.
“Sherlock, stop.
“He’s doing well, Sherlock dear.  He’s comfortable, none of his machines have made any funny noises and he has people who love him looking out for him.” Mrs. Hudson reassures.
“It’s like you said before, the timing has always been off.”  John is looking at where his hand still rests against Sherlock’s chest, leaving Sherlock to wonder if John can feel how his heart is racing.  “Other people got in the way, one way or another.  Work got in the way.”  John swallows, the effort it takes him to continue speaking obvious.  “Then I lost track of them for a long - bloody awful - time.”  Once again he looks at where his hand rests and Sherlock knows that John is finding the words to continue in the way that his heart beats.
She works efficiently and before long the dressing is changed and John is resting back on his pillows; his face pale.
Bad girl.
Sipping his tea, John listened intently to the music once more, his heart full of the love he felt for Sherlock and, he hoped, Sherlock still felt for him.  With each new song, John allowed scenarios to play before his eyes; some remembered, some he hoped to create.
ETA John? - SH
"Most of my semen is in your mouth but some of it lands on your lips and cheek." A final tight thrust and buck and John ejaculates, hot splashes of semen landing on Sherlock's stomach, pooling in his belly button. "God, Sherlock!" John fights against his natural reaction to slump against Sherlock, aware, even in his post-orgasmic state to be careful of Sherlock's chest. He sits balanced on Sherlock's thighs, hand still cradling his softening cock, breath coming out in truncated pants.
"Only if you're completely sure, John. You're a very private man and I understand if you decide not to answer my questions." Sherlock winces as he tries to work the knots out of his shoulders. "I'm tired now; it's been a long evening. If, when I wake you want to talk you know me well enough to realise that I'll ask you so many questions you'll regret giving me permission." Sherlock smiles. It's slightly lopsided and all the more genuine for it.
Weirdly this chapter didn't update on the edits as it should, luckily the ever vigilant LockedinJohnlock noticed!  Honestly, I'd be lost without her!
(Some, not all. Only what was necessary. And he's not my John ..... Not yet.)
"What a ridiculous saying." If Sherlock's words are a little sniffly and wet John wisely says nothing, merely cuddles into Sherlock more.
"Fuck yes! That way again, oh Jesus that feels ....." John's words were becoming incoherent as Sherlock thrust inside, each strong stroke giving both intense pleasure. Sherlock could feel the tell tale throbbing of his balls and knew his climax wasn't far off.  He thrust harder and deeper, his head thrown back, chest covered in sweat, finally he felt his balls tighten and with one final thrust he came, hot and fast, his cock throbbing and pulsing. Both men cried aloud at the force of the orgasm.  Momentarily dropping forward Sherlock realised that John was still painfully hard, wrapping his strong hand around him he stroked John's cock, his hand slick with sweat. John had been so close to climaxing it took barely a minute before he came, the spurts landing hot on his chest. Thoroughly satiated Sherlock fell bonelessly onto John's chest, automatically John wrapped his arms around him, holding him close, their bodies trembling, breathing erratic. Sherlock pressed butterfly kisses onto John's chest, slowly easing out of him before shifting his weight slightly to the side.
Mycroft nods, his hand drifting to Greg's lower back, this time making contact. Greg quirks an inquisitive eyebrow at Mycroft before relaxing into his touch, bidding Sherlock and John farewell. Mycroft leaves his briefcase and umbrella behind, indicating his intended return.
Sherlock looks far too alert, considering he had just experienced a rather spectacular orgasm but John supposes it's just another quirk of Sherlock's uniqueness, another facet to love. Bright eyes sweep over John's crouching form, lingering on John's erection.
"What do we do about Mary?"
John breathes out an awkward laugh and lightly dances his fingers over his gunshot wound dressing, before doing the same on the site of his head injury.  “You know, just once I’d like to be shot without suffering complications.  It’s starting to be an annoying habit.”
"Of course." Mrs Hudson's reply was simple and to the point.
Sherlock traces patterns over the scars that adorn John’s knees and lower legs, wondering briefly about their origin before drifting his lips over John’s feet.
“He also called the ambulance when he realised you had been shot and I was trying to stop the bleeding.”
"That was amazing, fireworks most definitely happened!" He finally breathed out. "I feel like I'm melting, every muscle is relaxed."
John moves until his body is now over Sherlock's, his weight held off Sherlock's chest by his arms, their lower bodies pressed tightly together. John eventually breaks the kiss, ignoring Sherlock's gasped protests and nips along Sherlock's jawline, groaning at the sensation of stubble against his sensitive lips. Sherlock tilts his head up, exposing more neck when he realises John's intentions, putting extra pale skin on display for John to nip and kiss at. Their bodies move together, lazy waves of motion centred at their groins. As John slips further down Sherlock's body he allows more of his weight to bear down, still keeping clear of Sherlock's healing chest. Their cocks align and both men moan at the contact; John can feel the hot line of Sherlock's cock even through the layers of his boxers and Sherlock's pyjamas. He hopes that Sherlock can feel him just as blatantly. John rocks his hips, taking delight in the feel of Sherlock beneath him, sporadic trembles wracking Sherlock's frame. John laves the skin beneath his lips with attention; their height difference means he is level with Sherlock's collar bone, the loose line of Sherlock's worn t-shirt allowing John plenty of room for exploration. John has dreamed for longer than he can remember about kissing and licking Sherlock here and the reality of it is nothing short of spectacular. Sherlock's skin tastes sublime, slightly salty and musky and John salivates at the thought of how much more of Sherlock he intends to sample.
"Fireflies?" John is sure he must still be asleep, hair gems, dead diplomats and now fireflies.
Sherlock flopped down into his chair, his thoughts a dizzying blur that threatened to overwhelm him.  He needed to catalogue them, analyse the sensations and reactions going on within his body and on his skin, store them away in his mind palace for future reference. Closing his eyes and steepling his fingers in front of his mouth he allowed himself to drift amongst the various rooms.
"Stunning. This. This is what I dream of. You. Beneath me. Needing me." John's kisses were soft, almost featherlight, erotic in the extreme, causing Sherlock to arc his body towards John, chasing the sensation. John slowly kissed his way over Sherlock's chest, running his fingers through the light sprinkling of hair there.  Stopping every now and again to admire the beauty of the man beneath him, uttering soft words of praise, then continuing his administrations with licks and kisses, worshipping every available inch.
“I choose the term ….
“A psychopath!” John exclaims bitterly. “Is everyone I know a fucking psychopath?” John braces himself, prepared for an affirmative answer.
, oh God..." Sherlock's hand moves to rest in John's hair. "You don't have to..." Sherlock's voice is coming out in short gasps, his hips moving in tiny increments.
"Power play? Wish he'd go play with the power!"
“Liar. And that’s not something you thought I should know?”
"I..... I need you to say it."  Sherlock's words are so softly spoken he is unsure whether John will have heard them.
He takes another sip of his coffee, keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock.
" 'She'? So you know who it is? And you're only now telling me?" Greg moves so that he is sitting up straight in his chair, arms folded defensively across his chest.
“Sherlock too?”
touched John but other than that, the sample was collected under the exact conditions you requested."
"I'm going to suggest we try something a bit unusual."  Sherlock's deep voice continued, a slight note of hesitation making the words less clipped than usual. "My father taught me how to dance using this method and I really think it will help us to match the pace of the waltz. We will have to alter our arm position somewhat though."
“John.”
Sherlock's uplifted face is guileless; he truly wants this.  John can't refuse Sherlock anything when his face is so open, so honest; that it is a sexual favour being requested makes John's mouth flood with saliva.  Sherlock's moist breath seeps through the thin material of John's boxer shorts, heating both his cock and his desire.
“Don’t be an idiot!” Sherlock snarls as he looks up at Gethin, eyes flashing.  “If it was you lying there wouldn't you want someone with you?  Someone who cares for more than just your medical needs?”
That she panicked when she shot you?
"I didn't think you cared much for experiments, John." The laughter in Sherlock's voice is evident as he moves to undo John's shirt.
Mary let her mind wander back to the time that Sherlock had so dramatically reappeared in John's life.  She had known that John was going to propose that night at the restaurant.  He had been unusually fidgety; never a man of many words at the best of times, he had stumbled over the few words he had spoken. With the benefit of hindsight she could see it was because a part of him was still longing for Sherlock, would never be ready to completely leave that part behind him.  At the time she had thought he was being adorably nervous. She remembered the tall waiter arriving at precisely the wrong moment - comic timing almost - sharing a smile with John before he had glanced up and really looked at the waiter. The next few minutes had been a flurry of words and bodies, ending with John pinning Sherlock to the floor, anger and betrayal flooding from the very core of him. What had followed had been a very long evening of frustrated tempers, misspoken words and two idiots of epic proportions refusing to say what actually needed to be said. Smiling wryly, she wondered if all men were the same, or if it were just these two who were so deeply in denial of their feelings that they'd need a torch, a map and a ball of string to find their way out! A giggle escaped her as she realised that they'd probably need a bloody GPS too!
Remembrance of their kiss causes John's breath to hitch; it had been full of longing and promises of more. John had pulled back to admire Sherlock's beloved face and had seen his exhaustion showing clearly as the mask Sherlock had worn during his brother's visit slide from his face. Sherlock's eyes were pinched with lingering pain and the delicate skin beneath them was painted the colour of storm clouds. John had immediately felt guilty about his negligence in not noticing how Sherlock had been suffering. John had watched as Sherlock's perfect poise in the chair had suddenly vanished and he had selfishly enjoyed the moment that Sherlock had slumped against him, his forehead resting on John's shoulder. He had watched as Sherlock's eyes had grown heavier and heavier, the healing siren song of sleep calling out to him. With barely a moment's thought, John had altered his position and swept Sherlock up in his arms. Even now, John can feel the lingering phantom of Sherlock curled against him. John knows that they should have looked ridiculous; his short, stocky body carrying the long-limbed, lethargic Sherlock but somehow they had made it work, no thought of awkwardness or ridiculousness apparent in either man's mind. Sherlock had curled closer in to John, silently accepting his help, nuzzling his nose into the warm skin of John's neck. Sherlock's huff of gratitude had raised goosebumps on John's arms but he had merely adjusted his hold, kissed the gentle rise of Sherlock's cheekbone and carried him into their bedroom. With expert efficiency, John had placed Sherlock on the bed; the covers were luckily thrown over to John's side from when Sherlock had got up for Mycroft's visit. John had quickly stripped Sherlock before dressing him in soft pyjama bottoms and a threadbare t-shirt, knowing that Sherlock would appreciate the jostling now in exchange for a comfortable sleep. John had pulled the covers up over Sherlock, tucking them around him carefully before dropping a quick kiss to the nest of glorious hair on his now sleeping love's head. He'd stood by the bed for a moment, watching the gentle rise and fall of Sherlock's chest before exiting the room, leaving the door ajar. He had meant to have a quick tidy up before joining Sherlock in bed but in the quiet of the flat the spectre of Mary had flooded his brain.
The rest of the meal continues with quiet chit-chat and ends with a rather delicious apple pie that Mrs Hudson retrieves from downstairs. They retire to the living room and Mrs Hudson seems in no rush to leave them and John can't say he blames her. It's obvious how much she cares for them both but Sherlock has a large part of her heart and John feels that it's just as it should be.
“Shouldn’t you have taken the opportunity to grab some sleep?” Sherlock queries, in a weak attempt to delay the discussion he knows he needs to have with Lestrade.
John searches Sherlock face.
(When did you last see the home owner?)
Darling don't be afraid I have loved you
“When John believed you were dead he used to tell me stories about your life together.” Mary continues as if nothing has happened, as if she hasn't just caused Sherlock to lose consciousness with her casual violence.   “I don’t think John realised that he’d placed you on a pedestal, spoke of you as if you were some sort of miracle, he either didn't realise what his true feelings for you were or he didn't want to admit to them.”  She muses, speaking almost to herself.  “He used to get this sad smile sometimes when we ate, I asked him once what caused that secret smile.  He said he was thinking of you and how you never ate on cases, said you claimed it slowed you down but that you’d always find room for one of Mrs Hudson’s mince pies.  That she made them throughout the year just so you had some to eat at whatever ungodly hour suited you.”  She pauses in her speech and fixes her gaze upon Sherlock, ensuring she has his full attention.  “So, of course, they seemed the ideal place to put the sedatives.”
Mrs Hudson has served up three generous portions of Shepherd's Pie but there is still enough left for John and Sherlock to have tomorrow. Extra fresh veg has also been provided and John notes that they are all of Sherlock's favourites, as is the gravy Mrs Hudson is currently generously ladling over their food. Sherlock sits and instantly starts prodding at the food with his fork, his nose petulantly wrinkling.
Desire runs riot through his body and he trembles under its power. He can feel the moment John's tongue touches his lip, his whole body spasms in response. "Oh God." He has no idea if the wrecked voice is his or John's; they are both so lost in the moment.  Holding John's face tighter, he runs his tongue along John's lips, before dipping inside, twining his tongue with John's, tasting the sweetness of their meal, the richness of the wine, but underneath it all, John.  Only John.  He is convinced he can taste John's strength, loyalty, love .... desire and he wants, oh God, how he wants.
“John?”  Sherlock’s careful whisper carries easily enough in the quiet flat.
John pauses, mid rub, noticing that Sherlock is distractedly kneading his right arm. "What's the matter with your arm?"
“Of course, Sherlock.
John yawns, rubbing at his eyes, making him looking deceptively young and vulnerable.
How can I love when I'm afraid to fall?......
John keeps looking at the surgeon, fully aware of how quickly Sherlock had turned in his direction at the mention of his lingering dreams and the related anger issues.
“Yes.”
He places the cold tube of lube on John’s chest which then shakes as John laughs, his eyes sparkling.
“An assassin who likes to parade around as a nurse? Yeah.
He attempts to hide his mortification by sipping at his drink.
So sorry for the time away, I've been very busy having lovely friends to stay, being a full time mum and oh going to the theatre!
"I always have been John. I need you in full working order. What use would you be otherwise?"
“That’s it? That’s all the mighty Mycroft Holmes was able to ascertain?”  Sherlock mocks, fear once again overpowering reason. Fleetingly he chastises himself for still being unable to deal with his fear.  He has felt it so many times in the last few years that surely it should feel more like an old friend by now? Something he can greet with equanimity?
Sherlock's tall frame suddenly collapsed, falling into his chair as effectively as if the puppet master had cut his strings. Leaning his face into his hands Sherlock took several deep breaths, trying to calm the churning inside, holding back the bile that now flooded his mouth and throat. His breathing was laboured and for a long moment he felt as if he were back in his torturers hands with no hope of escape. John, his John, was lost to him. He was too noble a man to abandon a child, a child he was having with a woman he cared for, loved even.
"Oh God, yes." It's new territory for John, but he is not daunted.  The idea of taking Sherlock into his mouth, tasting his muskiness, is incredibly arousing. Only the realisation that it is mostly likely a first for both of them, that stops John from dropping to his knees.  Licking his lips, John's stomach flips as he sees the answering heat in Sherlock's eyes.  "In your room though, yeah?"
Mary is always accusing me of being short-tempered and bearing grudges so we’ll play to that.
Sherlock’s hands leave John’s body only for a moment before he produces a keycard from the inside pocket of his frock coat. “Bloody genius!”
John has long wanted Sherlock to be involved with his child, almost from the moment he found out Mary was expecting.
Sherlock shifts in his chair, leaning closer to John, needing him to trust him.
The walk to the front desk takes them less than a minute.  Sherlock spends the time studying the other people in the foyer intently, pale eyes narrowed, full lips pursed.  He is aware that they have arrived at the desk but his focus is solely on the other guests, fact files on each of them spilling straight into his mind.  He is subliminally aware of the man behind the counter - shorter than average height, slightly built, ginger wavy hair, freckles and wide, if waning, smile - but dismisses him as unimportant, having not been featured in any of Mycroft’s files.  A gentle pull on his hand alerts Sherlock to the fact that his attention is needed elsewhere.
“I think if you were thinking straight..” Sherlock frowns when a giggle from John interrupts him. “You’ll realise that forgiving them is the only thing to do.  For your own safety and happiness.”
Sherlock nods, fighting against his need to stay with John. With a heavy heart he exits the room, leaving John to his thoughts. Sherlock engages in mindless chit-chat with the nurses for several minutes before visiting the small toilet facilities. He takes the opportunity to wash his hands and face, splashing warm water under his arms in an effort to freshen up, before running damp, shaking fingers through his hair.
John eventually succumbs to his exhaustion, falling asleep against Sherlock, still wrapped in his comforting embrace.
Magnussen stands, sweeping his hands over invisible wrinkles in his suit, before heading towards the door.
Sherlock attempts to return his attention to the paperwork in front of him but it no longer holds his interest.  Sherlock hears the sound of the shower turning on, noting the way the sound of the water changes as John steps under the spray and he can’t fake interest in Mycroft’s case any longer.  He resists the temptation to push it to the floor, instead shoving it all back in the envelope, none too gently.  When John starts to hum loudly, the sound melodic if of no recognisable tune,  Sherlock has to move further away from the bathroom - and temptation.  Instead, he moves to the window and opens it, allowing the early evening birdsong to flood in, masking some of the sounds from John.  He stays there, the evening breeze ruffling his hair and cooling his skin, until John leaves the bathroom.
“You’ll make a great father, John.”
him.”
Sherlock's eyes flutter momentarily closed at the contact and he takes a moment to store the sensation away for later perusal and enjoyment.  “Hmm?”  He responds, still unforgivably distracted.  “Oh.  Yes.  Fine, fine.  Just admiring the architecture of this beautiful building, when was it built? 1830? 1831?”  He covers, directing this last part at the concierge who brightens at Sherlock’s interest and apparent knowledge.
You’ll be put on regular tablets to moderate any remaining pain, the dose of which will be gradually reduced as needed.”
“She tried to kill you!
John announces in what he thinks might be the understatement of the year.
“Mary can go fuck herself for all I care but if there’s a child….”
“I’ve been informed that Mr Rajkoomar will be along at some point today, Doctor Watson.”
“Sherlock looks like he's enjoying himself.”
“Good?” He asks, knowing his question is unnecessary from the way John continues to respond to his caress.
“What am I missing, Sherlock? Why don’t I feel …” He halts, obviously searching for the appropriate word. “Safe around Mary anymore?”
As always these characters do not belong to me (I just do so love to play) all mistakes are my own.
The walk back to their flat is oddly quiet as John is lost in his own thoughts whilst Sherlock calculates the best way to draw him out.  In the end, Sherlock decides not to go with the calculated approach, instead following his oft-ignored heart.
They are met upon their arrival at the very aptly named Little Monsters Day Nursery by James, one of the key workers in Rosie’s room.  In John’s eyes, James seems to be barely more than a kid himself, twenty-five years old as a maximum and barely out of his teenage growth spurt.  Despite his young face and hesitant smile, John knows that James is the perfect match for his boisterous, intelligent, ball of energy that occasionally answers to the name of Rosie.  James’ calm demeanour keeps Rosie’s energy and impulsiveness directed at appropriate activities and puzzles, his quick mind almost matches her own and his willingness to talk with her and undertake ‘research projects’ whilst the other kids nap has won him a firm place in Rosie’s heart - and an appreciative one in John’s and Sherlock’s.
Sherlock has never been self-conscious about his body, appearing around the flat in anything from a full suit to a small towel when fresh from the shower. Whilst in the hospital, John had seen almost all of Sherlock, averting his eyes when necessary to give Sherlock privacy whilst being bathed or relieving himself. Now the reason for baring his skin, his body, is different and John is no longer the respectful bystander. He is actively involved, eyes devouring each inch of milky white skin that comes into view, his body responding, if the clenched fists in the blanket are anything to go by, to the overtly sexual nature of the situation.
The unexpected voice startles Sherlock out of whatever fugue state he has slipped into.  Blinking slowly, he gradually becomes aware that he is once again outside John’s room, the clinical white of the door glaringly bright.  The high tones of a feminine voice assault his ears and it takes him a moment to recognise that it is Mary talking; mere seconds later Sherlock realises that he has been subliminally aware of her less than dulcet tones for some time, concluding that they must have returned to John’s room together.  Try as he might, Sherlock cannot clearly recall their journey back; only flashes of images and sounds exist; the glare of the overhead lighting; the buzz of the vending machines; the intermittent squeak of the wheel on his drip-stand; and throughout it all, the constant sound of Mary complaining.
So the 'fake relationship' thing didn't last long - sorry, the boys were insistent they'd waited long enough!  There a few more 'surprises' to come though, all angst free.
He pats his hands over the front of his coat in a distracted manner before smiling and thrusting his right hand deep in to his pocket.  His smile broadens in to a grin when he triumphantly pulls a pack of cards out.  They look almost as crumpled as his overcoat but, for once, neither Mycroft or Sherlock deem to comment.  Lestrade lazily stretches before shrugging his coat off, folding it over the end of the bed.  He manoeuvres Sherlock’s table so that it is over the mattress next to Sherlock before sitting back on the bed himself, the table between them.
They remain holding each other's gaze until a light tap at the door alerts them to the presence of a nurse. They chuckle lightly as they separate to allow the nurse room to check on Sherlock's wound.
He wakes hours later to the sound of hushed voices in his room. He remains still, eyes closed, listening to the dulcet tones of John and the more ringing sound of his brother. They appear to be discussing his progress since he regained consciousness and he is debating whether to go back to sleep when Mycroft's voice is raised above the subdued sounds of the conversation.
“Yes, but -“
“Michael John Arthur Allen will remain at the facility in St. John’s Wood for the rest of his natural life.  A life, I’m afraid to say, that is considerably shorter than we originally believed it would be.  Michael has terminal cancer.  Ms Morstan would have been unaware of its existence as it is a very aggressive strain that has only developed recently.  The current prognosis is that he only has a matter of weeks left to live.”
John knew that he would stand by Sherlock's side whatever, forever, as his friend, as his work partner, or more if he were ever given the opportunity.  Sherlock had been the centre of his universe from the day they had met; it was no wonder he had felt lost and alone during the two years Sherlock was gone.  He had lost the reason for his orbit and had been left drifting, lost and alone in the dark.  Now he felt as if he were gradually being drawn back on track, back to his idea of normal.  He had not been given any details but he had a feeling deep in his bones that Sherlock was on his way home; soon the empty leather chair would have a long-legged detective sitting in it once more.  John's only concern was whether he would punch Sherlock or kiss him.  Both ideas seemed equally desirable.
Say you will
"Mmmm, very nice."  John turns in Sherlock's arms, pressing his lips against the freshly shaven skin.  The freshness of the aftershave makes John's lips tingle a little and his nose twitch, John decides they are sensations he will gladly repeat if it means he can have Sherlock's soft cheek in such intimate closeness. "As much as I don't want this to stop, you need to eat and top up on your medication before Anderson arrives." A quick press of lips and John motions for Sherlock to sit down, placing a fresh glass of water and his pain killers in front of him. John watches as Sherlock swallows the pills down before tucking into his brunch, surprised enjoyment on his face. John sniggers before eating his own food, glad to see Sherlock taking nourishment on board.
Greg remains at Mycroft’s side but John settles on the empty bed, his hands clasped tightly in his lap, his lips pursed.  Sherlock is positioned just out of reach but he is minutely aware of every breath that John takes.
William Sherlock Scott Holmes.
Sherlock answers, still clearly confused with the current situation.
I need you inside me.
John would be leaving him soon enough. For Mary. Soon his arms would be full of Mary, his contented sighs breathed into Mary's hair, his firm lips brushing over Mary's. A sudden sob ripped Sherlock from his mind palace, springing  from his chair he looked around for the source of the sobbing and was startled to find he was alone but the weeping sound continued. Touching his fingers to his cheek he was horrified to find it wet, the realisation of just who was crying causing him to crumple to the floor. Curling his long body into the foetal position Sherlock was suddenly overwrought by warring emotions. The depth of them overwhelming him, the last brick in his defensive wall had fallen and now he was drowning.  His body trembling through the sobbing, his hands knotted in his hair, uncaring of the dirt now being ground into his usually immaculate clothing. His usually preternaturally alert senses missed the soft footsteps on the stairs.
It becomes apparent that Sherlock has retrieved both the diary and the hair gems whilst John was in the kitchen when he sees Herr Brün reverently cradling the unwrapped hair gems in his lap and Mycroft flicking through the diary, an elegant eyebrow arched high.
