Sherlock’s head appeared around the door and the second he caught sight of what was in John’s hands, he rushed in.
It didn't matter what his brother said, Irene was another mistake that Mycroft would always feel guilty for where his brother was concerned. "I asked him to retrieve some photographs that were in her possession," the eldest Holmes admitted.
Irene licked her red lips and looked from one brother to the other. "It's really no contest, is it?" She approached Sherlock, walking in a seductive manner. "Open that pretty mouth for me, dear."
Eurus grinned then clapped her hands. "Yes! Do it!" She stepped back, dragging the detective with her by the curls.
The Superintendent's eyebrow went up, but he didn't say anything further. He just grasped his boy by the scruff of the neck and pulled him closer.
"Yes, sir." Mycroft got back to work. He definitely didn't fancy the treatment his brother was receiving.
It wasn't that far into the meal that Sherlock started trying to shift his hips from side to side, trying to get some friction from the dildo that was rubbing up inside him. If he had to go through this every meal… if he wasn't caged it would have been different.
Slowly Sherlock raised the pill closer to his mouth, drawing it out for fun. The other sub copied him with his own pill.
It was obvious to the Dom that Mycroft wanted to hit something and he’d seen his reactions when in Panic before. He went and opened a drawer and pulled out a set of cuffs, moving quickly because he didn’t trust the sub.
“John? Everything alright?” the government official’s tone had enough mixture of concern and irritance in it for John to know that he hadn’t been in contact with Sherlock in the last few hours.
Before John went back to the sitting room after regaining his composure, he checked on the two Holmeses again, he didn't want either of them knowing Greg had submitted.
Sherlock jerked at each impact of the floggers. That did nothing whatsoever to relieve the sensations in his arse as the fucking machine kept pounding into him without mercy.
Tears welled in Sherlock's eyes, but he still didn't snap his fingers. He could take this. If John wanted him to, he could. He felt himself wanting to please his Dom, the fight leaving him, at least for the moment.
“I had a Dom who took all my things once, said I had to earn them back, like you did. I tried so hard to please him, when I asked when I was likely to get my stuff back the arse laughed. It turned out he’d burnt it all. I was lucky Vienetta was being repaired when he took my stuff.” His voice didn’t sound as lost and distant as it had earlier in the kitchen. He sounded bitter at the memory. John couldn’t blame him. He had to stop himself clenching his fists in anger. Sherlock didn’t need to see that.
The detective glared at him… almost making things worse. When the Dom didn't react Sherlock closed his eyes. How embarrassing! He hadn't had to pee in front of his Dom since those first few days. That was awkward enough, but now? Now he knew the man.
Sherlock and John watched on, highly amused, now the detective had his doctor he really didn’t care what happened and much like Mycroft's fondness of Greg's protectiveness, he was fond of the elder Holmes being protective of him.
Irene waved her hand. "It's a habit. Most people can't get access to this kind of equipment without either buying it or seeking the services of a professional." She held out her hand, wiggling her fingers, for the lube. Eurus got it and put it in her hand.
The DI smiled and slid into the seat. Mycroft didn’t move to rest on his leg, but he moved to kneel beside the younger man. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile within the confines of John’s protective grasp. He hardly ever saw his older brother in trouble. Even though he had lived with the pair, Mycroft was the ‘perfect’ sub and many of his characteristics led to him being a Dom-like figure while Sherlock had stayed with him.
Mrs. Hudson slid in on the other side of Finn. She leaned across him and kissed Siger’s cheek. “I’m so glad you could come along. I haven't been to the beach in ages.”
“You aren't getting my cock, boy. No way. That's something you would enjoy and you're still on punishment, remember?”
“Pet,” John interrupted, his tone was threatening and the sub knew it. He ducked his head. “Not good enough!” he clipped him on the back of the lowered head. “Apologise properly,” he ordered.
Greg sat in a nearby chair. "I can place the call now, if you want. It's up to you," he said, gesturing at the small family unit. The girls were asleep on the sofa. Finn was still in Sherlock's arms.
When the Dom had got bored of watching Sherlock, he’d dragged the younger man to the kitchen. Sherlock had been gobsmacked to realise what the Dom planned to do to him. He was now knelt in the corner of the living room, facing the wall with his hands behind his head. John hadn’t even cuffed them together. He was forcing good behaviour, and it was working. He was starting to feel just a little bit bad.
With that, John nodded once and set about checking over his ankle. When he was satisfied it was ok he stepped back to let Mycroft pick his little brother up.
The DI glanced in the rear view. It didn't take much to work out what John was thinking. “We would only know the council cameras. And these days it's few and far between how many haven't been trashed.”
He gave a harsh laugh. "He's in rare form." John rolled over and set the laptop on the bedside table. "How does he get himself so damned worked up?"
Greg smiled into the mirror. "We're glad to have you. Besides, I don't think it would be a good idea to split the boys up right now."
Irene hooked her finger into the collar at Sherlock's neck and tugged him forward. It made the detective choke as it tightened.
The doctor was far from being upset. His cock had stiffened in his jeans and he was getting more turned on by the moment. He was sure, however, as soon as Greg realised that he would begin struggling again, no doubt getting off on it himself. For that reason, he pushed the sub a little towards his knees, hoping Greg wouldn't notice for a bit longer. He grabbed Greg's cuffed wrists and pushed them up his back, twisting his arms passed uncomfortable.
“You didn’t really think I’d make you eat down there?” John smiled, as much as he could at least. “It’s up to you whether you sit on my lap or that seat.”
"And thus I knew it was safe. Seriously, you and my brother are taking this shit way too seriously. We met him, remember? He wouldn't even talk to me when he knew who I was."
“Daddy!” Finn yelled from beside his grandfather. He was waving his hand, trying to get his attention.
The doctor stopped moved the fleshlight and let it go. It waved around in the air, drooping a bit. He nuzzled at Greg's hairline, then nipped at his shoulder.
John stood in front of his sub and folded his arms, watching. Of course, Sherlock didn't know he was there.
"Yes, sir." This time, Mycroft didn't even try to nod. He could feel how tight John's grip was. "I won't disturb my brother, sir."
Sherlock moaned something that sounded suspiciously like “Piss off.” John ignored him, but vowed to come down heavy if the attitude wasn’t gone in an hour.
Sherlock had been over the bench for about half an hour so it was time for a change in position. He removed the cuffs from the legs holding the bench up and detached his leash from it too.
Mycroft glanced over to where the Dom was pointing. He didn't like the look of the little mud box that he would be kneeling in. He poked at the dirt with his toes. It didn't feel squishy, just a bit soft and well turned. He stepped onto it gingerly and lowered himself to a kneeling position.
He didn't know where he was going to start but he knew the signal he found was high up so headed for the lift.
Irene patted Eurus on the arm. "Doing just one at a time focuses their mind on the pain so much better. Watch and you'll see what I mean."
The government official groaned. Greg had done it to him again, aroused him with just a few simple actions. If only he hadn't still been wearing the cock cage, Mycroft would have been hard already.
“I use a different bench for tally punishments, pet. For routine. You’ll be pleased to know it’s slightly more comfortable.” John reassured him seeing that Sherlock’s grin had vanished and he was looking about in apprehension.
Greg turned to give him a questioning look and as soon as their eyes met, Sherlock took off at a run. The detective had to get away. He couldn't face the prospect of failure.
“Didn’t like the look of that then, boy, no?” John moved to pick it up and then dropped it in the sub’s lap. Sherlock didn’t catch it, just let it bounce across the floor, to land a few feet away.
The sub tried to kick out but his feet were chained to the bed and his hands were cuffed tightly behind him.
"Shut it!" The doctor hissed. "I've had enough of your attitude today. Just as I thought you were settling, you mess up again and again. Greg, would you deal with it please?" With that John stormed from the room.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut in annoyance. He wanted to move completely, but knew it wasn’t worth arguing. If he did, John would just leave him tied there and after an unknown amount of time John would just ask again until he submitted.
The Dom quickly set about removing his current day plug and replacing it with one close to the size of the mounted dildo down in the kitchen. He knew his sub was biting his lip at the burn as he eased it in, neither fast nor slow.
Mycroft seemed to understand what Sherlock was thinking because he fell still and looked away. He didn't want to make this even worse for him.
Sherlock ignored him, his head stuck a few weeks back when he had been happy on his own. His Mind Palace had recorded everything in great detail. When he had been so focused on ignoring his submissive side.
“He isn’t any ordinary child, that’s what makes him special. Now if you don’t mind, I’ve seen too much below the belt already.” Mycroft spun on his toe and headed back into the living room.
Sherlock was laid out on the sofa in Baker Street. His hands were pressed together beneath his chin as he gathered inspiration from the ceiling.
And Greg plucked the giggling boy from thin air. He was far too light for his age. "Would you like to meet my daughters this weekend? They're dying to meet you." He glanced at John. "Of course, we'll have to get John and Sherlock’s permission." Both he and Mycroft thought the couple could use some time to themselves during all of the inevitable chaos that was about to ensue.
4 men moved forward to comply at once, 4 went to stand in a security stance around Sherlock and John and the remaining 4 men set themselves up around Greg and the government official.
"It's not our normal cell. This one's much smaller." Mycroft moved towards the sound of his brother's voice and sat by him.
Sherlock walked out of the room his head low. As he reached the hall, John and Greg were racing up the stairs.
The doctor dreaded the day ahead. It was the beginning of Violet Holmes' trial. If he dreaded it, Sherlock had to be terrified. No, not terrified. That was the wrong word. Maybe emotionally compromised would fit better. Whatever the case, John wished he could shelter him from what was to come.
"I want him up in the air, with that cock hanging down for easy access." John gave the back of his boy's neck a squeeze.
John was half expecting the younger man to push his luck so was pleasantly surprised when he raised his hands instead.
"Nope." Sherlock went past the occupants of 221A and started climbing the stairs. He didn't point out that he wouldn't need to if the things kept appearing in the building.
It wasn't until an hour later that John led the boy downstairs, Sherlock was much surprised to not see the chair with that damn dildo on it.
Sherlock felt the lump in his throat get larger and he couldn't bare it anymore, he collapsed onto the bed and let out a broken sob. "Nothing, John."
“If anything was likely to change my mood with you it would be you doing something to make my mood change. You do not get to predict what my attitude is going to be like in the future. I’m pretty sure your memory is substantial given your brother’s, so what was the last thing I said to you?”
"If you boys behave, we can go for a walk on the beach later," John promised. He knew Sherlock loved walking along the shore, he could only guess that Mycroft did as well.
He hadn’t said a word at all, he was looking rather bewildered but the only emotion that was definitely clear was anger but not toward the only sub in the room but at his so called friend who had got them into this in the first place. He kept stubbornly silent, refusing to meet the man’s eye.
Finally, the dildo was fully seated, and Sherlock breathed through the pain. Just as he was starting to get used to it, Irene began fucking him with it.
“The sexual aspect of the contract has been rather lacking due to certain disastrous situations, you cannot leave my custody until we’ve done everything that should be done on a training contract. Another reason why I think extra time will be required.”
Sherlock ate another chip, keeping his eyes down. If his brother got himself in trouble, it would be his own fault. He needn't feel guilty about it.
He could see that the older woman wanted to hug him, he obliged, she had clearly helped Mycroft to keep Sherlock out of trouble for many years.
The sub clung to John, not wanting to lose contact with him, but the doctor extricated himself. "Just let me run the water, pet. I won't be a moment."
The resulting chaos was short lived, but intense. The judge called an adjournment in order for all parties to calm down.
"Get off," Sherlock growled, wiggling as much as he could, at the feel of something hard against his entrance. John tutted and whacked his arse with his open palm, watching as the brat stilled. He waited to see if he'd pick up his struggle again, but when he didn't, continued forcing something hard into his arse.
Greg grinned. "Boy, come here." He held out his hand and motioned his sub over. Greg pulled out a folding chair and collapsed into it.
Eurus turned and saw the woman cowering in the corner. She slapped her brother, hard then ordered the Dominatrix to join them.
After a further ten minutes, he lowered protesting shoulders down to see what the click had done. Some mechanism had released extra chain so he could pull it out further. He had no idea what time it was, but he could guess it was late. Realising John obviously wasn’t going to come and get him, Sherlock curled up on the floor, glad the Dom had at least left him his clothes, even if it was only a shirt and a pair of trousers. He drifted off into what promised to be a fretful sleep.
“He’s a stickler for detail, my brother, he’d have found a loophole in your rules. Check in those places first. If you still can’t find him then ring back and I’ll be over in under an hour.”
"We could always just leave you like that, boy. Or maybe Greg can fuck your brother in front of you."
He shook his head and sighed. “Haven’t I been punished enough yet?” there was still a hint of anger in his tone and John wasn’t having that. Although, he realised, he’d barely been punished at all.
“John-” Sherlock was trying to be angry but his eyes were red-rimmed and it didn’t work. At least not what John could see of him.
“Now your punishment was 20 strikes with the paddle. This is not the worse paddle I own, this is the easiest given it being your first transgression. The worst paddle I possess, worst for you at any rate, is the one with holes in. It doesn’t allow air resistance to slow it down. You will find that out for yourself when you transgress again. When, however is entirely up to you. Now, due to your recognition and your acceptance of your actions, I have decided to halve your punishment to 10 strikes. You will count each one and ask for another with the proper respect. Fail to do any of that and I will add the number to which we had got onto your tally and start again. Is all that understood?”
Mycroft merely raised an eyebrow in acknowledgement. His expression also managed to convey his contempt for the whole situation.
The detective had heard his Dom's words, but they really hadn't made much sense to him. All that mattered to him was his close proximity to John, the delightful feel of fingers combing through his hair and the wonderful floaty feeling he was currently experiencing.
With a glance at his little  brother, Mycroft walked to the stool and stepped up onto it. "I assume you want my hands raised," he said as coolly as possible."
“I loathe repeating myself and I have already done it once. What is about to happen can be easy on you or hard on you depending on how you act now. But it will happen.”
"Shut it, boy," Greg snapped. The truth was, he was at a loss what to do with the intractable man. "I don't know, John. What is next?"
Their landlady bustled into the flat. She went straight over to Sherlock and hugged him. "Oh, Sherlock," she said, seeing the confused expression on his face. "Don't give me that look. Of course I'm coming with you."
“I’m not stupid, boy, and you’re fairly intelligent yourself. You no doubt have already thought of many plans which will likely fail. I’m just saving you the hassle.” He turned to the wall where he removed a small chunk of it on a hinge revealing a metal ring, then end of the leash was attached to it, and John used the new technology to his advantage when locking it.
The sub nodded once, jerkily, around the Dom's prick before swallowing him down whole, the same time as the dildo in his arse brushed his sweet spot several times. The gag did its job and stopped the younger man biting down... That would have been disastrous as he was trying so hard to be well behaved.
Sherlock snapped his mouth shut, breathing heavily. He tried to make it to his Mind Palace to picture the case, but he couldn’t get there. He couldn’t get his head out of the room. Not with the way John was sat there staring at him.
"Mrs. Hudson, I will not repeat myself after this. This thing is not your husband. I don't know what it is. But human, or even a ghost, it most definitely is not." Before either Mrs. Hudson or John could respond, Sherlock let out a growl. He had heard Mycroft's familiar tread in the foyer. "Sod off, Mycroft! We don't need you here."
Before he could finish his sentence, every door surrounding the room was kicked in. It sounded like some simultaneous thunder in about 15 different places. Dozens of armed officers raced in and surrounded them on all sides within seconds, elite officers, well trained... Mycroft.
He couldn’t help but smile. He may be a bit of a brat when he forgot where he was and who he was with, but he did learn and that was what was important.
Happy with how it was tied off, the Dom stepped around his trussed up sub and ran his hand through his curls. Then he pushed a finger into his mouth. Sherlock was unsure on what he should do and was surprised when John pushed in three fingers and ordered him to suck. He did what he was told immediately. Still unsure on where John was planning on going with all this. He was even more surprised when John had unbuckled his wrists.
"Yes, sir," Sherlock's voice was small but a tad more confident than it had been a few minutes before. That was some progress at least.
Recent events surrounding this fic has made me think about it a lot so my plan for it’s length has changed drastically.
Instead, he closed his eyes and nodded his consent to Irene. She stepped forward and crouched in front of him. "I will remove your gag, but you are going to be a very polite, respectful boy. You will do as you are told and say what you are told. Are we clear?"
Sherlock just frowned. "But it's not a limit, sir. I can't stop you without my safeword if it's not a limit."
Siger laughed, then sat down on the sofa. He was proud of his youngest son for so many reasons, not the least of which was the way he interacted with Finn.
John moved to clip him on the back of the head again, but the older man managed to duck out of the way.
Although Sherlock hadn't resisted Eurus, he couldn't keep himself from flushing in anger. "You don't like what my girlfriend is doing do you, baby brother? I can tell. Go ahead, try to act out."
"I know. It's brilliant. He probably wants to know what our decision is, Mycroft told him that is what we were discussing.”
Well that put John a little taken aback, things had been going well. It must have been the idea of punishment. He’d learned from experience that if things seemed too good be true they usually were.
The Dom nodded once. “Very well. Just tell a member of the staff if you need to go. I’ll be as quick as I can.” With that he closed the door and stared down at the sub fighting the cuffs.
"I told you to be specific, pet," John pointed out. "You get one more chance to tell me what you want."
The Dominatrix tugged on his cock, causing him to step dangerously close to the edge of the stool. It tipped a bit, and Sherlock had to step back despite the discomfort.
“Yeah, but we only want to know where they are. The bigger the gap in cameras, that's where he'll be.”
Sherlock sat slumped in front of the desk, the solicitor that Mycroft had sorted sat next to him all upright in a posh suit. He didn't even know his name and didn't care.
He glanced at the food he hadn’t eaten that morning. His stomach had been in his throat at the time and the last thing he had wanted to do had been to eat, but now, now he was hungry. He couldn’t bear to eat though, just the thought of eating on his own felt wrong. He hadn’t done it in what felt like forever, he enjoyed kneeling next to his Dom, being fed each mouthful by hand, his Dom’s hand. He felt like he should still hate it like he did three weeks ago, but he couldn’t lie to himself. No way was he going to eat without the doctor. He sniffed and faced the wall again.
Sherlock got to his feet and lunged at the Dominatrix, Mycroft had predicted it, however, and intervened, grabbing his brother and pulling his arms around behind him. "Stop, baby brother, just stop."
John heard another “sorry” as he pressed one hand down on his sub’s neck to keep his head from thrashing around. He used one of his own legs to cross over Sherlock’s thighs.
The sub breathed a sigh if relief at that. It would have been excruciating to go through that again. "Thank you, sir."
"Yes, sir," he repeated softly. He almost felt floaty. Like subspace was approaching, but they had done nothing to stimulate it.
Finn chose an orange bucket and a lime green spade. Then he found a bag of small castle shaped moulds. "Can have this? Pweese."
“Hello to you too, brother mine.” Mycroft set Finn back on his feet. “There's plenty of room to join the girls if you would like.”
Eurus completely ignored that. "You are such a naughty boy, upsetting Irene so much. I'll deal with her. She shouldn't have lost her temper." The youngest Holmes finished examining her brother. "There's no broken skin, but these welts are hideous. Stay here and I'll get something for them."
"Oh, of course," the Dominatrix said with false cheer. She placed the stool back under Sherlock and he breathed in deeply in relief.
The Dom walked away and Sherlock bit his lip, he hoped the Dom at least told Mycroft to leave before the strap was put to use.
"At least we know Eurus is unstable," Mycroft commented. "Irene just does whatever she thinks is best for her. It's all self preservation with that one."
But the closer they got the more reluctant Sherlock became. He loved John far too much for this to be easy. His steps soon became shuffles, then he stopped altogether.
The DI ran a hand through Mycroft's hair; softer this time. “Go straight to your office, attend that meeting you wanted to go to this afternoon. We'll deal with your brother.”
"You're being extremely good, pet," John ran his hand down Sherlock's back pausing to pinch at his arse as the other hand twisted the plug. He pulled the plug out and then thrusted it back in, hard. Sherlock grunted into the ring, the noise coming out as a huff of air.
“But this ... this is what you’re really addicted to, isn't it? You’d do anything… anything at all to stop being bored.
John was calm and a good influence and he could feel it, feel himself calming down in his presence, even if it was only day five. He was settled here, as much as he didn’t want to be, but most of all, he liked John. It was the first man, let alone Dom, that had had a positive impact on his life in practically forever.
Greg smirked and shuffled forward, resting his chin on the edge of the sofa. He was being granted a privilege that the other two subs likely wouldn't get for quite some time. He opened his mouth and, using his hand, swallowed down the doctor's cock.
John just folded his arms and watched. If Sherlock wanted to fight and exhaust himself then so be it. "You quite done, boy?" John asked, nudging the sub's uncomfortable looking cock with his foot.
The blond Dom sighed heavily. “I'm not angry with you because of these trumped up charges, Sherlock. I'm pissed off with you because you ran off. Ran away from me. Again!”
John used the leash to control him, the only way he could when the boy was behaving like a prat. “I said on your knees!” John's tone brooked no argument. Sherlock must have noticed, but that didn't stop his gaze from darting up to stare at him.
“Yes, sir,” he sighed. He looked his Dom up and down. He'd clearly had his own suit dropped off when he had been doing his little jogging session. He smiled at the hand that was held out waiting for him.
The blond sighed, he should have gagged the brat. "What do you want, Sherlock?" He asked, sipping his beer again.
“I forgot. I was so interested in Sherlock that I-” he cut off when Greg’s hand slipped into his hair.
“Mycie, I’m sorry.” Panic averted, the younger Holmes wanted to explain himself. It had been a massive oversight, but that didn’t mean-
“Save it, boy! I told you what would happen if you came without permission! I warned you several times and yet you’ve still disobeyed me.”
“I don’t mean to be rude by interrupting, but my brother has been an awfully long time in the toilet.” Any other time, Mycroft would have been smug, getting ‘one-up’ on his brother was enough to do that, but now, he just seemed respectful albeit regrettable.
Irene appeared, smoothing her hair down and smiling coldly, at least until the guards disappeared, then she looked panicked. "You have to take me with you when she let's you go."
“No. Not at all. Finn’s adoption has gone through. My concern was them losing out on Finn if social services thought they were biting off more than they could chew.”
Mycroft got to his feet and grabbed Irene by the throat, he shoved her back so she fell into the wall. "And I will do whatever it takes to protect him!" he hissed down at her.
He wasn’t surprised when Sherlock obeyed immediately and he cuffed them there. With a gentle shove, he encouraged Sherlock toward the sitting room.
“About two weeks ago there was a little girl, younger than Finn in a situation similar to the one he was in a few months ago.”
Greg turned his head to the side, resting his cheek against John's thigh and bit his lip to keep quiet. He didn't want to upset John.
“You’ve been a good boy this week, taken your punishment well, I thought we could go for a walk through my grounds to the lale at the bottom. There might not be any ducks on it at this time of year, but it’s nice and relaxing.”
Sherlock needed space to think about everything that had just been said but he decided against asking or just leaving, instead he sighed and tried to get comfortable. The truth of Mycroft's situation today did make sense.
As he was thrown in the back, he fell to his knees. He was grabbed by his curls to keep him that way as someone chained the cuffs to the floor between his feet. The weird grating was uncomfortable beneath his knees, but he didn't complain. He doubted the owner of the van cared much.
"Oh, seriously?" John bust out laughing. "If you did manage to rub off on something, all you would do is wind yourself up. You know you're not coming as long as the cage is on." John crossed his arms. "Maybe I should let you carry on and see how frustrated you can make yourself."
“No!” John said across the table before either Holmes could speak. “Food first, mate, they have all you can eat pasta.”
Irene nodded and moved on around him striking his back and arse several times. She looked over at the youngest Holmes as if for approval.
“A few hours ago. I told him to let me handle the Sherlock matter. To try it legally before he stepped in.”
"Does it have to be a big wedding?" Sherlock asked, obviously unnerved by the idea. Though he didn't want one, he'd do it if John did.
Sherlock, for once, was being more cautious. He was examining the pill, but he was looking at it through the bottle.
Not receiving either permission or a command to stop, Sherlock looked up at John, water trailing over his face and droplets clinging to his dark lashes. He looked like a half crazed angel.
“Do you know why you need to be punished submissive?” John asked, running his hands over the chosen implement for the sub’s punishment.
Sherlock had waited a few moments before returning to his spot on the sofa to think. He looked up in surprise as Mrs. Hudson came in. He had only seen her briefly since they’d been back in Baker Street and that was only to tell her they’d be staying a few days.
“I’ll decide that as you go. But know this, if it is not enough and we are getting close to needing to get ready I'll make you do the whole thing again tomorrow and more. And I heard it is meant to be raining in this part of London tomorrow. All day.”
Greg crouched down, pushed his cuffed wrists up his back towards his collar, then grabbed his sub by his hair and yanked his head back. "You planning on misbehaving anymore?"
Sherlock's length hardened almost immediately. He hated the damn cage but John knew he was more easily obedient while wearing it.
He almost ran headlong into a room where the soldiers had entered but managed to come to a halt. He pressed himself against the wall and peered carefully through the glass in the door.
Greg smiled, the trust in the older man was amazing. "Good boy. You make me so proud of you." With his free hand, he rubbed Mycroft's back, then scratched it hard with his nails.
"Hey, you. Crop boy!" Irene called to the guard that had cropped Mycroft. "Get me some ice for this." She waved the plug in the air.
Dinner had happened wordlessly, both men stuck in their own thoughts. John was sure the only reason he hadn’t ran a mile when he had reminded him of the second half of his tally was because they had been so close to one another as he had said it.
He opened the door and couldn’t believe what he found. He smelt Sherlock before he saw him, long before.
Greg turned back to the two kneeling Doms after watching John engulf the younger man in a comforting hug. This time he wasn’t angry at a mere Dom trying out his luck with a passing sub, he was furious because these two shits were part of the reason his sub’s brother had been in pieces no more than a month ago.
Whilst the waffle was cooking, Sherlock rested his cheek against John's thigh, his eyes falling shut. He was being good and he planned on keeping it that way.
Greg ground his teeth. “I suggest you cool off before I speak with you properly. You'll likely be on a charge of professional misconduct for this.”
Greg shook his head. "I'm not the one that needs to hear that, Sherlock. It's John that you've been treating poorly."
“Call the staff, they’ll get you a cup of tea while you wait,” with that, the Dom smiled reassuringly then took off up the hall, things were so much easier without his damn stick slowing him down and making him feel like an invalid, he’d known - deep down - for a long while, that he hadn’t been beyond his occasional temper flare. But even that was becoming so much easier to control, his position in society forced him to.
Irene smirked and Eurus actually laughed. "Pick on him? We aren't going to pick on him,” Eurus said.
Unsurprisingly, the boy began sucking with a lot more enthusiasm, swirling his tongue around the Dom’s knuckles.
When the doctor was completely undressed Sherlock hung the hanger on the hook on the back of the door. “In you get then.” But as he glanced down to the detective – still on his knees – he saw him blushing red before either of them had attempted to get into the shower.
As the doctor accepted his tea, he watched Sherlock closely. His sub had given only the slightest twitch at John's order to Mycroft. It was obvious the detective wanted to be the one serving his Dom, but he had to earn the privilege.
The Dom snatched up lube and a plug, deciding against the fucking machine. He spread his pet’s hole and eased a finger in. Slowly. Enough to torment the boy into keeping still for a moment. Sherlock couldn’t see so he had no idea what John was about to do or what toys he was about to use. That one finger went in and out several times, John even tried to twist it to find his special spot, but he was too tight. Sighing, he pushed another finger inside and it was at that point that Sherlock started thrusting into the fingers.
“Babe, I’m not saying it’s bad. I’m saying it’s good. It's obvious he’s not terrified. But we both need a fair share in dealing with it.” As John took off after Finn, the two girls watched.
He spun himself around so his legs moved out of the window and dangled over the edge of the ledge. He peered over to see the drop and it wasn’t as far down as he had predicted. He paused and took a deep breath, just looking around, reflecting. It wasn’t that bad here with John, in fact he could almost say he was enjoying it, if he ignored the punishments and John’s petty polite kneeling by the table routine.
Sherlock had been given breakfast shortly after his trip to the loo, but he hadn't eaten it. If John wasn't going to be there to be proud of him for eating, he wouldn't even touch the food. He could hear the tell tale sign of Donovan being nearby as her high heels clicked up and down the corridor between the cells as she paced, waiting. Had she left custody at all since dumping him back in his cell? He sighed and glanced back at the food on the floor. He didn't need to eat and he certainly wasn't going to do it for her. Instead, he kicked the tray of cold porridge and the plastic cup of water across the room, splattering the mess all over the place. He then picked up the tray and flung it into the wall, watching it shatter with some level of amusement.
“Did he let you run off on your own searching for that?” He used his umbrella to point at the suitcase in the detective’s hand. “Fetching colour, I wouldn’t say that it suited you though.”
Mycroft released his brother, then took him by the hand and guided him from the room. Sherlock followed him like a chastised child.
"It's true," John backed his fiance up. "He was impressed with Sherlock and then when he realised who Sherlock was he shoved his girlfriend in the box and it disappeared."
"Oh dear. Are they back?" She turned to look behind her, but there was nothing there. She turned back to face the detective. "There's nothing here. Are you feeling quite alright?"
John laughed again and hugged his sub. "I'm offering you an orgasm with no catches. You don't have to earn it or anything."
As the doctor worked, he focused on the cold cases that he could solve without leaving the house. He was glad he was still allowed to use his brain in such a way. He didn't know how he could get through this if it wasn't for such an outlet as that of the cold cases.
Sherlock closed his eyes and let John get on with it. He still had the posture collar around his neck, and his hands were still cuffed.
The detective gawped at the room. It was decorated completely in a jungle theme. The bed was draped with mosquito netting and there were african masks hanging on the walls. In the corners, spears and blow guns were leaning against the wall artfully.
The government official scooped him up, not looking as awkward as he should have. "Good morning, John," he said when the doctor joined them in the living room. "How is my brother doing?"
John ran his hand over Sherlock's chest watching as his nipples peaked under the ministrations. Sherlock was waiting for the clamps but was surprised when something like tubing slipped over them instead.
John froze with one hand in the tub of soothing gel and the other just above his sit spot. It was clear that the term ‘aftercare’ had never been mentioned around him before. Maybe it had been called something else before?
Whilst they had been talking, Mycroft had crawled to the centre of the room and knelt up. He dared a quick glance over his shoulder to look at them.
Greg crawled over to the TV and turned it off, then came back to John. He wanted to lay his head back down, but hadn't been told to, so refrained.
It was nearly 20 minutes before the blue box came in and was put in the far corner. The wrong corner from where he was. He shuffled across the room, out of sight, it wasn't overly busy in the room. He had to duck out of sight again as the blond girl poked her head out.
At their table, Siger held the chair for Mrs. Hudson, then he took a seat next to her. "My son thinks a lot of you, I can tell," he told her amidst the general noise of their small group.
John shook his head. "No. He needs to realise I'm not going anywhere but he also needs to realise I'm not the only person in his life that means something."
Sherlock blinked as he processed the Dom's words. "More, if you please, sir." He didn't want to be able to thrash about. Not like he was expecting John to do anything else, it was clear what he intended.
Irene approached nervously, keeping her eyes downcast. She didn't want to appear to be trying to take charge.
John remembered how much Sherlock loved it when he held his hand softly, it was a small, minor thing, but it was enough to help to make his sub feel more comfortable and for that reason he would ensure to do it whenever he could. Therefore when Sherlock took his hand to help him up, the Dom didn’t let go of it. He led him towards the stairs, still holding the leash. Experience told him to not let it go.
He sighed as he turned on his toe, his shoe squeaking on the floorboards. “You’re not actually going to punish me, now, are you?”
Greg laughed outright and picked up the dice, rolling it. He sighed and moved the meagre 2 he had gotten.
"Oi!" Greg complained. "None of that. I really need to relax and I know for a fact my pet has some sore muscles that need to soak. Behave, Doctor Watson."
Sherlock glanced up at the door, he was in a white shirt and his pants. Finn was stood there in just his pyjamas.
He loosened Mycroft’s tie and managed to undo the top two buttons of his shirt, but Mycroft’s composure was strained and he barely noticed.
He gave his sub half an hour, suspended as he was. He had watched his phone out of the corner of his eyes while drinking tea and chatting with Mycroft. After finding out what he was doing here, neither of them knew what Sherlock had supposedly deduced.
"Yeah. Fine," he groaned as Sherlock pushed his fingers in. "You have about a million years to stop that."
"Sherlock, I don't know why you seem determined to ignore the pain in your leg, or why you seem determined for me to think you're fine. Or why you seem determined to lie to me about it." John crouched beside the sub and waited for his response.
John wanted nothing more than to ask his boy to not call him that for a while. But he was 99% sure, he would freak out if he said it. "Do you think you can sleep now, really sleep, and not lay there worrying and overthinking things?"
"Good morning, pet," the Dom said, rolling on top of Sherlock. "I promised you a bit of play today. Are you up for it?"
Mycroft's expression didn't look overly impressed as his collar was tightened but he didn't argue verbally, which was fortunate for him. Greg gave his boy's thigh a long stroke, then gave his arse cheek a hard squeeze. While Greg continued to work on Mycroft, the doctor paced across the room to where Sherlock was, he crouched down beside the too still man. Blowing lightly into Sherlock's ear, John saw little tremors of delight travel across his boy's skin. He leant closer and sucked Sherlock's earlobe into his mouth, nibbling on it.
Greg tugged at the chain a few more times so Mycroft ended up bent over, his erection growing even more. The Superintendent admired his work, going down on his knees in front of his boy and cupping his cheek.
Greg glanced in the rear view at the other pair and grinned. "You were right, babe. We needed time away from home."
There was no response and Mycroft sighed. He glanced down at where he could imagine his feet were in the dark. He pulled his shoes off and then his socks. He pushed he shoes over Sherlock's feet and pulled the socks over his hands like mittens.
Sherlock reflected briefly on how the praise had been a rather regular occurrence so far that morning in only a matter of minutes. This new Dom was different with the way he praised. He didn’t wait for something massive to happen. He said it when he felt the sub needed it, not before and not after. Sherlock liked it. A lot. But he was beginning to show weakness. He couldn’t let himself want the praise because once he wanted it, he’d work for it.
Greg, alarmed, grasped his friend by the wrists and stopped him from hurting himself. “You've got to calm down and look at this logically. He loves you.”
“Well that’s easy enough, then.” Greg paced across the room, each step deliberate, much like John's had been before him. “I am informally suspending you from duty, you’ll be formally suspended tomorrow after a night in the cells. Warrant card,” he ordered, holding his hand out.
Sherlock laughed and snatched up his violin, opting to play a decent version of the national anthem.
The remaining few would be painful, especially as Sherlock must have already been feeling the left over throb from his previous spanking.
Sherlock had stopped trying to track the Dom's movements, he was confused by the current situation enough. He was so distracted not paying attention to John, that he didn't realise the older man was behind him. Then he couldn't see. John had slipped a soft padded blindfold over his head, blocking out all light.
“Shh. Of course I know it wasn't you. I always knew.” He pulled his little brother's head to his neck and held him tightly, as tightly as he could without suffocating him.
Greg held a peg just at the tip of Mycroft's cock. It was the last one he planned to place before he started flicking them off both the subs with his crop. When he let it close down on tender flesh, the government official closed his eyes and groaned.
"Millions of these fish had been chased in by mackerel he said. But they couldn't turn because of the tide so they all flapped around in the shallow bit."
Greg could sense Panic approaching Mycroft and he needed to quash it now before things got far worse.
As cautiously as he could John tapped the cuff controls for them to separate. To his surprise, Sherlock's hands went straight to his neck, interlocking behind his head. He quickly joined them to his collar, not taking any chances now that his shirt and jacket had slid free. He threw them over the bench.
It took a very long time for the sobs to stop wracking through the younger man’s body, so long that John was sure he couldn’t cry any more if he tried.
Greg grabbed his face in his hands. "Mycroft, look at me. I didn't know. Either way, John's taken care of him." The last thing the evening needed was his sub in Panic.
“You really shouldn’t have raced to the end of the street, Sherlock,” he said through a smile. “Oh and say hello to Mrs. Hudson.”
The blond moved back to his arse and fiddled with the plug for the third time that evening. He slid it free and lined the dildo up with his hole. He bolted the machine to the floor and held a button down while the phallus shaped device moved forward and pressed into Sherlock's hole.
"He can go from arse to absolutely wonderful in under three seconds, can't he?" Greg asked, a smile on his face.
Sherlock sat on a bin lid about a mile from New Scotland Yard, according to his Mind Palace, at least. He was tucked into an ally that he knew had no cameras surrounding it. The police wouldn't find him here, imbeciles, but now he needed to work out what to do next.
“After everything, you thought I would take you away? From a man you clearly love.” Mycroft’s hands had clenched into fists. He wasn’t allowed to say that. It was still a working contract. There was an end date to it.
“I know, mate. He’s been off the last couple of nights. It must be work and if that’s a case it must be to do with that.”
He froze at the door looking around in amusement, then froze in surprise when warm air blasted him from somewhere.
"Oh? You want to suck me? Enjoy something that you didn't deserve? Oh and did you want to bite me then? I know that look on your face."
He let Sherlock sit there for a moment longer before leaning forward and tapping his arm. "Put them behind your back, Sherlock."
The other Dom folded his arms, looking thoroughly displeased. Donovan also seemed to tense. “What seems to be the problem?”
“You are going to pay for your insubordination, Sherlock. Do you hear me? I don’t care what set this little temper tantrum off. Ill calm you down, punish you, and then we can go and enjoy a nice conversation with your brother without this brattish behaviour. Are we clear on that?”
Greg laughed. "I'm a Dom again. Sir," he added sarcastically, as the doctor pulled him to his feet. Greg couldn't resist finishing what he had started.
“You’ll iron these so they are perfectly flat. And trust me when I say I know what decent ironing looks like.”
That made Sherlock return the smile briefly as John buckled the ball gag into his mouth. “Duck your head.”
"Look in the outer space room. I thought it fit in nicely with the chrome and science fictiony feel."
Usually, at this point in the conversation, Sherlock would complain about the idea of food, but all he did was roll from the bed to his knees, waiting for John to straighten his suit.
"To be fair, Mycroft, Greg was there. Aren't you more likely to get it from him, than from that git?" He jerked his head to the window.
Greg nodded once. "I suppose that's one downside of you not being in your suits. You don't actually choke when I grab your collar dressed like that."
Oblivious to the elder Holmes' thoughts, John started feeding his boy. He managed to get the entirety of the waffle into him.
The government official grunted something that could have been a "Yes, sir," but it could have been something else entirely.
He found himself being ordered to his knees, his hands behind his head. He obeyed without a word… he was still trying to work or what that man's game had been. Who he was and why he had appeared out of nowhere? And what did he wanted with him.
The DI reached across the desk and handed a folder to Sherlock who opened it immediately and started reading. Mycroft stared at the floor the whole time.
She laughed. "No, I think he used to be better at hiding it but something happened." Irene brought her fingertips to her lips. "That was you, wasn't it? You happened."
Sherlock nearly spat the soap out, he needed to speak, needed to apologise. He hated this. This way John did things. Dragging punishments out when they weren't spankings. Making him think about what he'd done. Why couldn't he just throw him over his knee and get it over with? He quickly realised that’s what made John different. That’s what made John so effective when it came to disciplining him.
John took one of the floggers and smacked it against his own thigh, getting a feel for its weight. "Brace yourself, boy," he warned, then he let the flogger fly, hitting Sherlock across the shoulders with it.
"Did you know the reason children act out for attention is primarily because they don't get enough positive attention?"
“I don’t…” she stumbled for a moment and then seemed to recover by noticing John for the first time. She had only taken note of him as he had stepped forward, almost protectively in front of his sub, putting him between the younger man and this god-awful woman. “Who’s this?”
An overly tall PC entered the cell and took Sherlock by the arm, his touch was far softer than Donovan's had been. “Yes, sir. This way, Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlock was more than happy to get to his feet. He still wasn’t sure on the kneeling thing. He didn’t understand how it made him feel. He didn’t know that he wanted to understand.
John’s anger and adrenaline fuelled his leg to be more cooperative without his cane as he dragged the petulant younger man up the stairs; his grip meant that Sherlock would only hurt himself if he fought and he found that out pretty quickly.
When the cab arrived at his destination, Sherlock paid the driver and got out. He stood on the pathway for several long moments looking up at the building.
Mycroft flinched at the first impact of the crop across his thighs, then he braced himself. He had been through all this before. It was nothing new. It was just boring!
John noticing the sub's glance at the door had further consequences for Sherlock. He shackled his feet together with about a foots leeway.
Despite himself, Mycroft started to drift off. His head fell forward and he jerked awake. This was one time he refused to sleep. Something bit into the flesh of his neck and he slapped at it. His hand came away holding a familiar looking dart, then his world went black.
Siger smiled. "Trust me. His sulks can't be any worse than yours were." He held out his arm and Mrs. Hudson took it, then they headed downstairs.
He would not be caught unawares again. It would make him slip up. He would not give John reason to punish him even more and even if he did - by accident, mind - the reason would certainly not be this woman. He couldn't bear the sight of disappointment in the doctor again so soon. He wanted to make him happy. To prove to him he could behave. That's what the whole contract was about, wasn't it?
He leant over Mycroft and ran it down his chest, over one nipple. Then he ran it back up, over the same one to annoy Mycroft's need for perfection when it came to symmetry. He criss crossed the same nipple several times until it became so sensitive that all the Superintendent had to do was brush his fingers over it lightly to make Mycroft's breath hitch. At the same time, he completely ignored the other one. When it became clear Greg was leaving it at that, Mycroft moaned. Greg laughed, he knew exactly the response he would get for that and he wasn't disappointed.
"Do you want to suffer some more, Sherlock? I'm sure we can find more toys. A hood... amongst other thing."
The doctor waited until Sherlock fell completely floppy and then jerked at his cock a little harder.
Greg walked around Sherlock several times. "I suppose your proud of yourself, upsetting John. That's what you enjoy, getting a rise out of people. Sally, Anderson, John."
Some small part of Sherlock had hoped that something small had happened to John during their last visit. Then he would have an excuse that Eurus couldn't argue with. The main part of him was overjoyed to see him and Rosie absolutely fine.
“Turn around, kneel up in front of me.” The Dom had settled back in a comfortable looking chair. “You’re going to suck me.”
“Nag Mycroft then!” Sherlock yelled at her, falling back on the sofa and covering himself with his dressing gown that had been laid over the back.
"No," John ordered, keeping his pace and his stroking up and down, all the while fiddling with the clamps on his pet's nipples.
That put Mycroft in a difficult position- stay where he was and fight Irene off, leaving his brother cuffed tight enough to do damage, or step aside and let Irene do whatever she wanted.
“No,” the doctor reached down and dragged Sherlock to his feet, pushing him back so he fell to the bunk. “Maybe solitary confinement can get your head in the game.” ‘Because I'm clearly failing’ went unsaid.
"These are recent," Mycroft pointed out. "That one was at the park last weekend when Rosie sat in that sheep dung and squealed for hours."
10 minutes later Sherlock was back in his usual suit looking far more comfortable. Finn was wearing a checkered shirt, looking not dissimilar from John.
It was merely another sign of how much Eurus and the Adler woman had gotten to him. Their sister always got to him, but with Irene helping, it seemed to have been easier than normal.
“What’s different about this one? You wouldn’t have driven all this way, knowing that there could be a chance I couldn’t help, if there wasn’t something different.”
Sherlock paced the room, riding crop in hand. He struck John with it whenever he slowed and they'd been going long enough that John's whole back and arse was red.
“No, sir,” Sherlock kept staring at the floor in front of him, looking anywhere but at his Dom, the disappointed look he knew the older man was sporting would have been too much for him to handle, specifically in front of his older brother.
"Sherlock looks like he's behaving to me," Greg pointed out. "Of course he's floating so high, I'm not sure he could misbehave."
"You're going to eat every bite I give you," John ordered when a member of his staff dropped off a tray. "I am leaving the collar on, but if you struggle to swallow you will tell me immediately, do you understand?"
It turned out that Sherlock had quite good upper body strength and when he had finally expelled all his arms’ strength he took a deep breath through his nose.
After completely disrobing, Sherlock turned away, his hands subconsciously moving to cover his cock. There was no point in being shy, he knew. John could do practically anything he wanted and he was here for at least three months - according to the Dom anyway. He just couldn’t bring himself to stand stark naked in front of the man who seemed to make him obey with a pointed look and a sigh.
What was happening? Since when had a sub rendered him speechless? And since when had he been so distracted by watching a sub move around the room graciously that he had done no work on schematics or plans at all?
“None of your god damn business!” Moriarty yelled, his temper peaked immediately. He always did struggle to control it so he sighed softly when he felt the familiar hand on his neck. The hand of his boyfriend, his Dom.
Following that interview, the sub was taken back to his cell and his solicitor made a call, no doubt to Mycroft, explaining how screwed his baby brother was. Looked like Mycroft might have to step in... or he would have to if he hadn't disappeared off the face of the Earth.
John didn’t look up as he fiddled with the leash and programmed it to the correct length that he wanted.
Sherlock walked up and punched a tall guard, knocking him down. "Strip." He waited impatiently for the man to follow orders, then put on the uniform himself. "Let's go, Myc."
“I believe I understand English. You may have to be slower in the future, though. I get distracted when I’m bored. I can see that becoming a real problem if the last hour is anything to go by.”
“I didn't actually go anywhere. I was just proving a point. Had to wait an hour by the door before John came and got me. Most stupid thing I think I've probably done.”
When it came time for bed, John scooped Sherlock up in his arms and carried him through to bedroom. He could tell his pet was still trying too hard to behave. He just hoped that would change with time.
"Oh, they pay me quite a lot. And I make certain they get their money's worth." Irene tapped him on the cheek with the hollow plug.
"Eurus understands nothing of the sort. She's stuck in her own little bubble and anything that doesn't conform gets destroyed or hurt."
Comments can make an author want to give up writing completely (you know who you are) if you do not like my fics, DO NOT READ THEM, I do not need your negative bollocks nor do I care about it.
Sherlock choked on it for several seconds, when it became clear John was not going to relent he closed his eyes and focused on breathing through it, calming himself. It was at that point that John buckled it up roughly behind his head.
“After you,” John indicated the only way they could run, sure his boy knew where they were and how they could get back to Baker Street.
"I can't believe Sherlock’s still going," Greg said with amazement. "I don't know what you're going to do with him, mate."
John smiled. Finn was just as good for Sherlock as the detective was for Finn. He headed down the stairs, trusting the others to follow him.
John carried the sub into the play room and locked the door behind him. Then he set about uncuffing the brat that was now in a heap on the floor.
Sherlock raced to the door and swung it open, a load of Met officers were there along with Anderson’s team that had been kicked out of the room on Sherlock’s arrival. “Suitcase! Did anyone find a suitcase? Was there a suitcase in this house?” he began taking the stairs two at a time, completely forgetting about his Dom still at the top.
Now he knew what he needed to do, but he had to wait until he knew he had time. He didn’t care how long he would have to wait, he could wait weeks, but it would still be worth it. It turned out that the waiting period was just over 26 hours after Sherlock’s plan had come to his head.
“Before we move on and I punish you like you deserve, we need to get on the same page, which means you have to get on top of your anger because it will not help the situation.”
“Shall we let them go through to the sitting room on their own?” John offered. “I'm sure Sherlock is bored already.”
The Dom smiled as Sherlock sighed in obvious relief, his eyes dropping along with his head into a more submissive posture.
The two of them started walking back towards the house and eventually Greg glanced over his shoulder. "Boys!" He yelled. "Come on."
“I don’t know Detective Inspector.” He turned back to the body. “Looks like asphyxiation probably. Passed out, choked on her own vomit,” he grimaced as he said it. “I cant smell any alcohol on her. It could have been a seizure; possibly drugs.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock grunted and tried to glance out the window. They were blacked out so no view. Moriarty almost looked offended.
The doctor backed up, still holding onto the detective. He collapsed onto the bed and Sherlock fell with him, whimpering again.
“I'm sure if you could speak you'd tell me how unnecessary all this is. But I don't care, you'll get into subspace one way or another.”
A youngish man, with short cropped hair smirked as he reached for his mobile. He sat in the park opposite the Yard where he had been sat all day on specific orders from his boss. His back straightened in a military fashion as he dialled the number.
Eurus watched as Irene paced around the detective. "I didn't buy any of it. A nice man sent me it all."
"Fine. I don't need to gag you," John agreed. He forced the gag between Sherlock's lips. "But I want to." He buckled the gag in place. "I can't wait until we get where we're going. I have plans for you, pet."
The soldiers were moving out the way, and the woman was leading the Doctor and his new friend through. Shit, he needed to hide. He glanced over his shoulder and found a pile of boxes.
10 minutes later saw John, Mycroft and Greg walking back down the beach with their ice creams. Sherlock was with them, but both his hands were in his pockets.
Just as the DI finished speaking an officer opened the door the other side from Sherlock and climbed in. As if Sherlock would be dumb enough to bolt with his hands cuffed, he had learnt that the hard way with John, but now there were far more people around that would stop him at a moments notice.
“I asked him once. He said that was how it was supposed to work. I had never had a Dom before. I had no data to go on. I never really stayed with another Dom to get used to it again.”
Nodding slightly, even though he couldn’t see because he hadn’t turned around John took a step back, well if getting away wasn’t his plan, what was? Did he actually want to be here?
Satisfied when Sherlock still didn't move, John turned his attention back to the TV. He kept half an eye on his boy, pleased with his behaviour. He decided to let him kneel there for another half hour, if he didn't move he could join them, if he did, everything would be over.
He set about cleaning his cock again before removing the sterile packaging around the sound and beginning to insert it.
Sherlock turned away slightly. It appeared he thought he’d revealed too much and soon that wall would be back, shortly followed by the rebellion that had been so frequent thus far.
It was late and he was exhausted, as no doubt the sub was. So he would have to deal with all of it in the morning. After he had double checked it wasn’t anger or exhaustion thinking.
“How long have you been knelt for?” He was angry at himself for not paying more attention to his sub.
As soon as they had paid using Mycroft’s card, this time with his knowledge, they returned to the waiting cars and resumed their trip to the beach.
“33 boy. You need to learn some patience. I was merely asking you to stand so I wouldn’t have to bend over, becomes a bit of a pain in the arse with the cane.” He pushed himself up straighter. “Because of your attitude you can remain like that for the entirety of breakfast.”
“You don’t have to tie me down, sir.” Sherlock was glaring pointedly at the Dom’s hands which had encircled his wrists so he could attach the cuffs to the stool.
The Dom paused at the door and took in the state of his sub. He was clearly not in a social mood, but he didn’t care. He was still his submissive, he should respond appropriately when he approached. The fact his arse was probably still smarting a bit and his cock was still caged made John believe Sherlock would behave.
“No, not right now,” he glared angrily at Sherlock. “I'll be over to collect statements whenever I get a chance.”
Just for fun, Mycroft indulged in a bit of fancy flying. Why not? The next couple of days would be unpleasant and this was his last chance to have a bit of fun.
He needed to get out, despite the fact everything was going well for a change. He had spotted his chance yesterday when John had given him the grand tour, apparently it was the first day he deserved it, if he had just behaved that first day when he had been sent to his room without being shown around, his first attempt wouldn’t have failed. But then again, he was glad it had, because now getting out wasn’t about running away it was about something else.
Glancing cautiously at the other Dom, he moved to his own. John didn’t seem to notice as he was in mid conversation.
John could sense this going on for a while. He reached over and grabbed his pet’s tea. Sweet and milky. “Here.”
“Good boy.” He ran his hand through the younger man’s curls in a comforting fashion and took a seat. He used his free hand to cut the food up as he didn’t want to take the other one away as Sherlock melted into it.
The Dom wasn’t very long and when he returned he had his collar up and was fiddling with a dark grey tie.
John gave him a little shake. "My jumper better not be ruined. If it is, you're buying me three new ones. To my taste, mind you."
He managed to make it through the lift ride without drawing any attention to himself. He was used to unfamiliar areas but this place made him feel uneasy.
Mycroft had to stop himself from pouting. "Yes, sir," he moaned. Mycroft squeezed his eyes shut as the Superintendent fiddled with the cage.
John ran his hands through his curls. “Oh my gorgeous little brat. You apologising to Mrs. Hudson has given us this extra time together.” That was the half of it, John thought, but he kept it to himself. Sherlock had actually asked him. Like he wanted to. He brought his head into his groin and his sub instantly opened his mouth and latched onto his already leaking cock. Whoever said this beautiful boy wasn’t tameable?
Sherlock didn’t respond, thinking it was a rhetorical question when John thudded his arse with his foot, he knew it wasn’t. “Nod, pet.”
John reached for a mug and handed it down to him. The detective just stared at it. Surely it was only the Dom's that drank in this place?
It was weird, facing up to all this so many years after the event. He glanced towards Finn. He was glad he was doing it though. The boy’s parents had plead guilty so there had been no trial for Finn to worry about.
“I’ve never done it before, with strangers, but then again, I’ve never been accosted before.” John couldn’t work out whether to be proud or slightly wary.
John slapped him hard across the cheek and the younger man could do nothing but take it with the way he was tied.
"Yes, sir." Of course he did. If he didn't, he'd never have trusted Greg, not just with the BDSM, but with himself, the Mycroft who had never let anyone in before meeting Greg. The BDSM thing had only been one night stands with everyone else.
"I can sit on you as long as it takes you to calm down." Greg crossed his arms and settled in for the long term.
With a snort, the Superintendent went and fetched a gag. He tossed it back and forth from one hand to the other as he approached his sub.
Mycroft glanced down in concern, but John had reached the pair of them and stepped in before he could say or do anything.
The doctor lifted his pet up by the arm. "What are you doing down here, Sherlock? The night isn't even half over." He sat on the side of the bed and encouraged the detective to do the same.
"Mm. Thank you, sir." Greg just wanted the Dom to move his fingers, maybe add another one, anything. But John didn't, he just left his two settled there.
The younger man tightened his grip in his hair. "Be quiet, boy, and get to it, or you'll find yourself in a similar position to your brother."
“You want to act like a spoilt brat, I am going to treat you like one. Now, if you even think of turning around and coming straight back in, boy, your spanking will be given now and you'll be doing it in front of your brother and his Dom.”
“Of course. He had fair warning and I wasn’t harsh with him Mycroft if that is what you’re about to say. I could have gone a lot further.”
Taking it from Irene, Eurus inspected it closely. "Why is it hollow?" She tossed it to the Dominatrix who caught it.
Mycroft's mouth watered as he watched his brother squirm. He wished he could have his brother's balls in his mouth. He'd suck on them one by one and bite them, making him writhe even more.
At the first touch of the silver rope against his skin, Sherlock let out the softest, most contented of sighs. This felt like true forgiveness.
John stood to the side and waited until Greg was done with his kneeling sub. "Sorry, mate, did you need my help?"
Greg smoothed down his boy's hair, then he pushed him gently so he started spinning. "I don't think so, pet." As he watched Mycroft twist in the air, he debated how long he wanted to tease him before he did remove the cage. A glance at John made him realise the doctor was thinking the same thing.
His sister hadn't been exaggerating when she had said it was heavy. It hung between his legs, pulling on his bollocks, cold and unforgiving metal.
Reluctantly obeying, Sherlock manoeuvred over to lay as directed and whispered quietly, “Redbeard.” With a touch of John’s box, Sherlock’s cuffs attached to the front leg of the stool. The Dom moved the boy”s legs so they ran parallel to the back legs of the stool and again activated the cuffs. Sherlock grunted as his legs straightened and he was bent double.
Sherlock's focus was not on John's fingers. It was on the thing thrusting in and out of him relentlessly and it was obvious.
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock whispered. He wanted to, but he needed the notes. And they were still in the other room a few mere inches from his brother and he didn’t think he could face him right now.
Sherlock shifted to comply with the order immediately, barely hiding his wince as he  moved his foot off the pillows and onto the table.
“However, this is part of the contract. Now I’m not just going to suddenly decide to take you over my desk whenever you’re in reach. I hope by now we have established enough of a bond between us for you to realise that, but you know how this works, eventually.”
“So then, Sherlock, I can’t believe you found another Dom. Who would be stupid enough to attempt to train you. The only thing you were good for was practising punishments and of course a good hard fuck. Has Watson done that yet, fucked you so hard that you screamed?”
When they went downstairs, Mrs. Hudson joined them. It was no surprise to any of them that Mycroft had one of his cars waiting for them by the kerb. Siger was sitting inside waiting, he grinned broadly at Mrs. Hudson and then at Finn. “Alright champ?”
Sherlock smirked and then, before he knew what he was doing, he had wrapped his arm around him and was hugging him tight. “I like a lot, sir.”
He waited half an hour for the scan results to come through with coordinates. Frowning at them, he pulled up a map of central London, the cause was close.
Sherlock was bewildered by the performance in front of him. Greg hadn't even punished him for yelling...
John turned on the Sergeant again. “Until custody of Sherlock is released from me, you will treat him with respect. In fact, should Sherlock be charged with anything here, you will still treat him with respect, is that understood?”
"No, I'll take him," Sherlock insisted. He could use the time to settle his nerves out of the sight of the other adults.
Back at Baker Street, the three youngest were sat on the floor playing with Finn’s Lego set that Mycroft had bought him. It made such a lovely sight that Mrs. Hudson excused herself, her hands fluttering, to make tea lest she start crying from happiness.
The copper inclined his head slightly, he didn’t seem as effected by the gun aimed at him as he should have been. Douglas did, however, as he had moved a few steps back and away from his friend.
John and Sherlock got in the seats facing the others. The detective leant forward and took the straps from his father’s hand, finishing buckling Finn into the seat. “It’s a pain in the bum.”
"Sherlock, how do you feel about sleeping in your own room tonight?" John asked after nearly 10 minutes of them being gone. He helped the boy roll back over because he did not look comfortable.
John paced the room for a long while, looking for inspiration. Hoping for an idea to strike. He knew one thing for sure, the boy needed to be naked. He paced for a while longer before eventually stepping up behind Sherlock and detaching the cuffs. “Strip.”
The Dom had stripped down to just his pants and Sherlock was laid out on his front, his head and shoulder on the older man's chest as he softly dozed in and out of awareness, quite content in his little bubble.
At that, Sherlock blushed, both from embarrassment that John had noticed and from pleasure. He ducked his head. "Thank you, sir."
"Nothing," the Dominatrix shook her head. "Nothing at all." Irene turned abruptly to hide her discomfort and selected a riding crop from the chest. When she turned around she had a smile on her face. "I simply thought I should take this up a notch."
It was 5 days later that Sherlock decided to make his move. There had been gradually more and more of them appearing over the days, but still always at the same time.
“Boy…” His new sub was walking a very fine line, he didn’t seem to be doing it on purpose however, more like he had merely forgotten the way things worked here. The way authority worked.
John smiled. “A pet. For now.” It would have been a boy, but he had asked. He paced the room, pausing at the shelves along one side of the ‘play’ part of the room as opposed to the ‘punishment’ side.
The detective let out a muffled protest and kicked his feet. Greg smacked him sharply on the arse twice. "Stop that!"
Mycroft breathed a bit easier. He had known that following his Dom had been risky, but it looked like it was going to pay off. Watching the two Doms work, he was impressed with how they handled the still resisting Sherlock.
As they reached the Yard, it was a confusing situation for the boy. He didn't know whether they'd reached it not soon enough or too soon.
“Let’s head back,” Greg suggested. “We can regroup and have a look at possible places he might have gone.”
John and Sherlock had been occupying the front room while they waited, Sherlock had been sat writing those boring lines and was more than pleased when John had kissed him and said job done. But now their guests had arrived, the older man put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder and pressed the sub to his knees.
"Just for the day, or do you want to spend the night?" Sherlock couldn’t imagine that working since Finn still slept with both him and John.
"They are a starter," Mycroft added, holding his own. "God, Sherlock, at least mine are dead. Put them back!"
"Sorry, Greg," Sherlock heard through the door. "I can't let him out on a case. I understand. I can't guarantee safety. I can't let him out no matter how important it might be. I know. I'm sorry."
John followed his sub into the bathroom a few minutes later when he heard the chain had been pulled. He paused at the door to see him fiddling with the cage. He was clearly trying to get it off, but there was only one control box and that was in John’s pocket.
They sat in silence as the car drove them ever nearer to the waiting helicopter, Sherlock looking out the window at the passing scenery.
So Teaching Sherlock has actually reached 1000 kudos. I said to sherlockian4evr a long time ago when I first started it, I wonder if it's possible and here we are!
John had led his sub to the kitchen where he prepared tea for them both. He knew there was no point starting a conversation with the younger man. He was too distant to be able to construct a sentence, let alone a conversation.
It was several hours later, they’d sat in the sitting room by the log fire for over an hour, drinking what was left of the hot chocolate and warming each other up.
The detective froze where he was about to step down the next set of stairs… that was it… of course… the person that's trusted by everyone and just passes by. That blends into the background.
She nodded and disappeared for a moment before returning with a padded cushion. John set it on the floor beside him and jerked his head at it. Sherlock was glad for the nonverbal order. He felt stupid being the only sub on his feet inside the entire cafe. He knelt down on the comfort of the cushion without a word and stared at the floor, unsure why the Dom had bothered when Irene clearly hadn't. At least it was some small comfort for his knee.
"Go ahead and finish with those," John pointed at the pegs, "then we'll figure out what to do. Every time he flinches or complains will count against him."
He caught the tail end of something that he immediately didn’t like, “… always was a useless slut.” The doctor caught sight of his defenceless sub on the floor, fighting to get back onto his knees. He glanced at John in fear and his heart shattered. The boy looked just as frightened of him as he did of the man who had laid him out on the floor in the first place.
John attached his leash again and held it in one hand whilst he used the other to stroke at his untamed curls, something he was sure the doctor wouldn’t have attempted if he hadn’t been successful earlier in the lab, and he continued with his conversation.
It went by too fast for him to read it, which was shocking in itself. Sherlock was an incredibly fast reader. Before he could complain, the data rate decreased to a more manageable speed.
For some reason, the detective hated that. It felt so… demeaning. He was sure if it was anyone except the current people in the room, he would never allow it.
The Dom placed a well lubed finger at his hole and edged it in. He glanced back up at his sub again when he heard a bitten off groan. “Pet. Pet, you’re with me, remember.”
“As far as I’m aware it happened for as long as a week, only letting him out to use the toilet. He made a mess of himself before that happened though.”
Sherlock put his hands on his hips. "You will go downstairs with my father and Mrs. Hudson. Telling me no about the matter is not an option."
Irene dropped it, letting it clatter back onto the desk where she had grabbed it. "You're going to learn to be nice to your sister."
“I meant untie all of me not just that stupid thing.” He stamped on where John had covered the hook in the floor.
John reached down and cupped his cheek, successfully stopping him. "You've not done anything wrong. Mycroft said when you were hurt as a kid he stayed with you. You had sleepovers in your bedroom."
“I have a few investors on the side waiting, if you’re willing, of course. It won’t be long hours, maybe only two or three a week, but enough to keep you ticking over.” John was happy to continue his conversation with the older man, more than happy in fact. He held a lot of respect for Mycroft, the position he had reached within the government with the hindrance of being a submissive as well as trying to tame his incessantly misbehaving little brother. The time would give his brat a chance to think. After nearly an hour and two drained mugs later, Mycroft shifted around to look back at his brother. “You have the patience of a saint, John,” he said to the Dom.
The detective worked his jaw a few times, then seemed to come up with an answer. "You're not boring when we work exciting cases together, sir."
“Yes, sir,” he murmured, his breath warm on his chest, even through his waistcoat and shirt he could feel it.
Sherlock was sat at one of the desks in John's study. He had the leash clipped to his neck that slipped around the doctor's wrist so he couldn't go anywhere, even if he wanted to.
Once Sherlock had found the right skip nearly an hour had passed. He wondered what to do now and thought through his options. He could go back to John’s but there was no guarantee that he would head straight there. He had been so busy in subspace that once again he had failed to pay attention to the journey which meant he had no idea how long away it was or even where it was, he wouldn’t admit that to his brother or his Dom but he still actually hadn’t worked out where John’s house was. When he finally got access to the computer he would deem to find out. He knew that John had said to stay with him but he had that blasted stick. He needed to find a way for the blond to get rid of it. If he did he wouldn’t be quite so slow. When he had first met the professional Dom he had expect John to hit him with it, he was pleased to know that that had been an entire figment of his imagination.
“He used to lock. Him. In. A. Cupboard?!” John hissed, livid. How could anyone do that to a sub let alone one so perfectly innocent as Sherlock. Of course John knew he could be a bugger but that did not deserve that treatment, not at all.
Sherlock made a point to sniff again. “Oh and I think it just vaporised. May I go in?” he asked pleasantly.
Sherlock glanced up, from where he was knelt beside his Dom’s desk. John had set up a small stool in front of him. On it; a pen a pad of paper and a dictionary.
John ruffled his sweat ridden hair and sighed in relief, having to do this to calm his sub’s wasn’t unusual but it wasn’t something he enjoyed having to do.
Across the room, Sherlock had been bent double and his sister's foot pressed his neck to the floor. At least from that vantage point, he wouldn't be forced to watch what was about to happen.
For a moment, Sherlock's mouth worked as if he didn't know how to respond. When he finally said something, it was a petulant, "I'm not a brat."
For a moment, John considered letting his boy down, but he decided to wait a bit longer, at least until Sherlock had had his fill of water. He was hesitant to upset the pleasant equilibrium they seemed to have obtained.
“Come on!” He continued complaining, his wrists renewed their efforts at getting free and of course failed.
John poked the tip of the riding crop handle into Sherlock's hole as a warning. The sub stopped struggling for a moment, then started up again. The Dom pushed it in deeper. He kept the crop there until Mycroft had created another enema and set it up. John smirked as he pushed the hose back into his boy's hole.
It was nearly 20 minutes later when Greg raced into the room, having let himself in. He went straight to Mycroft and crouched in front of him. The DI could see immediately how well John had done. He’d stopped him from hurting himself or breaking something. But that didn’t mean he’d calmed down.
The night before had been incredibly strange, but the weirdest it got was when Mycroft had said 'Moriarty' then vanished completely.
“Right,” John began, “over the bed. You are to have six strokes with my cane every evening for 3 days on top of your usual tally. Understood?”
John glanced up as he lined the dildo up with Sherlock's hole. "I'm not so sure you mean that, boy." He flicked on the machine and looked back down as the dildo disappeared into his boy again and again.
“You were very good then. Leave your hands where they are,” he added a lot softer than the first time he’d ordered it. He manoeuvred Sherlock’s slightly hardening length back into the cage.
“He… he would tie me up on the floor, mostly. He wouldn’t let me on the bed and push a rod that looked like a scaffold pole up my arse and something similar down my throat and then just leave me, with it pounding. He would turn up a few hours later, claiming the lecture had overrun, when in fact he had been fucking some girl that I could smell on him whilst watching me on the security camera he had in his room.”
With a glance at Greg, John ran to the window, knowing the pair of them were too far away to help him, or even stop him if he decided to play the game. Watching, John knew he would play.
Evening rolled around and Sherlock’s belly rumbled loudly. Usually by now he would be hungry. A few months ago a couple of days without food was as natural as breathing, but the last few weeks regular meals had done him the world of good and he had definitely noticed. That still didn’t mean he would eat what was on the tray. He wanted John;
By the time he had got back to their room, the government official had woke. Greg admired the view as his boy stretched his muscles on top of the duvet. He rolled over, his bare arse poking out. Greg placed the mugs on the side and whacked it with his palm.
"I'm sorry, sir." Sherlock ducked his head and ate a chip quickly so he didn't have to say anything more.
Sherlock nearly made a remark about hearing one of the monkeys speaking, but one glance at Mycroft made him think better of it.
“I knew there was a reason you wanted to come! You never do.” John grinned up at Sherlock which seemed to reassure Finn more than words had done.
At that tone of voice, the government official couldn't ignore it. He crossed the room, dropped his umbrella and collapsed to his knees.
As the Dom’s steps drew near, the detective’s shoulders tensed, his collar hidden behind his shirt. The blond tugged it free and clipped on his leash and then cuffed him with the handcuffs that the DI had conveniently left on the table for him. The leash was attached to the cuffs and threaded around his fingers.
"Oh she did." Irene folded her arms across her chest and watched the two Holmeses carefully. "She gave me just what I deserve."
"Hmm," Greg hummed happily, slouching back in his chair and gripping Mycroft's thinning hair in his hands.
As John lay in bed the following morning, he contemplated the previous day. The evening had been odd, to say the least.
The doctor took his sub to the nearest door. "You'll find this room is the only 'normal' one." He pushed the door open and shoved Sherlock's head through.
Sherlock hadn’t thought they needed to get married, not before, but as he looked at Finn, then turned to look at John, he realised he wanted nothing more. His eyes stung a bit, but he refused to do anything as ridiculous as crying.
For every 3 mouthfuls he gave Sherlock, he fed himself once. He wasn’t overly hungry as he’d snacked when he prepared the rest, but it was also Sherlock with the terrible diet, not himself.
Sherlock ran straight into the woods for about 500 yards before he paused and hid behind a large-stumped tree. It might have been stupid taking off with his hands cuffed behind him but there was no way John would have let his staff deal with him when he was restrained in any other way. He was lucky John hadn’t trussed up his feet as well.
The detective didn't care what Irene said, he wouldn't ask. He knew there'd be consequences. There were consequences anyway.
Sherlock kept himself absolutely still, staying still meant staying out of trouble. He loved John too much to let him go. Especially if behaving was all it took.
"Mm, I didn't like the way she was looking at you. And you taste wonderful." He stole another kiss then pushed his brother back to arms length. "I'd better stop, or I'll waste too much time and get us in trouble."
He nodded. “Sherlock’s going to need his brother, but not like this.” The DI glanced at the younger man who had gathered his knees to his chest and was rocking silently.
John scrambled up the last few rungs and hopped over the small barrier that sat there. That answer from his pet was accustomed to roofs.
After nearly an hour of the detective making it quite clear that he wasn’t going to give in, John sighed. Predicament bondage then. And if he still didn’t calm down after that he’d get Mycroft up here to watch.
“I had pants on the last time, actually,” he spat. He had no idea how this Dom was still managing to keep on top of his temper.
Sherlock stood with a shirt hanging from his fingers. What was the point. He had lost John. He had lost everything.
When his arms were released, they just fell floppy to the sides, Sherlock actually laughed. “Sir, I can’t feel... anything.”
He held his wrists out with a lot less caution than John expected. The doctor detached the cuffs from one another and the sub smiled. “Thank you, sir.”
John checked on Sherlock one last time through the sedan window then patted the wheel arch and the car drove away. He couldn’t believe the timing of it.
John left him to it, using the free time productively. He did, however, flick on the CCTV camera in the sub’s bedroom so he could check he arrived there and didn’t leave, which he would not put passed the younger man. His tendencies for mood swings were not well enough controlled for him not to suddenly decide to be rebellious and run off, or at least walk around and find some form of a distraction in other rooms, rooms he wasn’t meant to be in. But when the screen buzzed and the 4 cameras that were positioned in each corner focused, he saw him pace the bottom of his bed, violin in hand.
Eventually he had eaten everything John had wanted him to eat, but he was left there while the Dom cleared up.
"Am not. I'm gonna have two real daddys. You said so. I heard you say you were gonna dopt me. I know what that means."
His mind drifted back to that day that John had broken down in front of him… crying, speaking to his wife that wasn't there, admitting what he had done and Eurus being the reason for all of it... He was yanked back to the present when something sharply bit into his nipples.
“I was nearly 17 when I finished my A-levels. So yes, I was a bit ahead. I don’t know why I bothered.”
John laughed, then used his free hand to land a blow right over the plug Greg was wearing. "I don't like it when my toys lie to me."
“And you know which is which.” Sherlock was eyeing the bottles with intrigue when it should have been concern, that had always been a fault of his, not like he was complaining at the moment.
At last, the detective shook his head, coming back to reality. “What?” He snapped looking up at his Dom.
John smiled smugly and it wiped that smirk from his face. “I’m talking about Mycroft Holmes. His brother,” he added with a point. “If you’ve been spending time with the DI at the Yard then I'm sure you’ve heard of him. What he is… what he does to vermin that touches his baby brother.”
"Better, but I'm still not feeling it. Kneel." John gave the sub a push so he slipped forward onto the floor.
Sherlock really didn't think the small explosion was his fault. Clearly his supplies had been mislabeled by Mycroft's people when they had packed them. He was trying to find the fire extinguisher when John, Greg and Mycroft came running into the room, the smoke alarm blaring behind them.
John watched him with wide eyes. He couldn’t believe the trust the boy had in him now, especially after a night like the last one. However, he felt compelled to offer a way out again. “Are you sure you want to stay? Your brother is upstairs with his Dom and will no doubt be more than willing to take you home, after this… after the way I let you down I am sure he wouldn’t refuse you. He may even let you return to Baker Street.”
His brother didn't respond and it made him laugh. “You've come round here to plan my wedding and instead we're playing snakes and ladders?”
The doctor shrugged towards the older men and dragged Sherlock from the office and towards the door of the club.
Well at least he knew what Panic was, John thought absently, slightly better than the fact he didn’t know what aftercare was until last night.
The detective smiled sadly at his boyfriend, he understood why the boy was so shy but didn’t mean he had to like it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "There's arsenic in the sugar jar, John. Be sure to give Mycroft plenty of sugar in his coffee."
Finn shuffled further back under the bed but John decided against getting up and walking around. He would give him a moment to calm down. To that end, he sat on the floor next to the bed and waited quietly.
"Sherlock!" Mycroft yelled racing down the beach, he hadn't seen John, only seen his little brother go under.
The little boy saw the girls over John's shoulder and immediately ducked his head. The girls looked disappointed. They were eager to meet him.
John waited to hear any actual complaints and then closed his eyes briefly. The spanking with his hand he could do quick and easy... The strap... Well Sherlock wasn't going to enjoy it but that was the point.
John was surprised by the response, he expected some attempt at a thank you rather than vague indifference. To get the kneeling man’s attention back on him rather than wherever it had drifted off to, he shoved his fingers into his mouth. The boy’s eyes darted up to him in shock, but that was the extent of his response.
“It appears I must continue your education before the obviously needed conversation. I use a tally system to keep track of misdemeanours which I don’t think require immediate attention, such as a lack in respect or cheekiness or a certain level of disobedience will be counted up. At 7pm each evening you will come and find me wherever I am and whatever you are doing. You will tell me the number for which you need to be punished for. You will ask for your punishment and thank me for it, like you did tonight. Your tally for tomorrow evening has started. I will not necessarily keep count, but if you lie to me, I will know. Now put your head in my lap.”
Sherlock glanced at his Dom with a confused look marring his features. It wasn't often John got to see that expression on the younger man.
“Your what? Your solicitor?” She laughed. “Your brother? He's taken off, haven't you noticed? Or were you going to say your Dom? The Dom that found the evidence that has damned you on a murder charge?”
Sherlock kept his hands behind his head because he hadn’t been given permission to move them even though his cock was back in that blasted metal cage. He leant forward and their lips brushed. The Dom led the kiss as a Dom should and Sherlock surrendered his mouth to the older man. Most importantly he did that willingly. “You could have had that earlier if you had asked.”
John paused when he realised what Sherlock had been doing to the gag. He didn’t speak as he removed it and threw it in the kitchen.
Sherlock felt something cold and hard at his entrance. He tensed as it pushed into him. The intrusion was not a shock, John had been stretching him for a reason, after all. With his knees buckled to the side of the bench he was completely trussed up for John to force what had to be a glass dildo at his entrance. It was the only toy his mind went to with being cold and hard.
"If I were you, I'd stay on that stool with both feet. That means no lashing out or kicking me, is that understood?"
Each Dom selected a weight. John showed the one he had chosen to his boy and waited for his reaction.
After a moment, he managed to go and John pulled him away from the toilet, far rougher than was probably needed, but he knew he deserved it. It had just taken a few hours for it to sink in. He was glad to be gagged. He was sure in the last hour or so he would have made things far worse for himself if he hadn't been. He hoped that one of the reasons John had chosen to gag him was for that very reason.
John had watched his sub process everything that had just happened and what had been said. He could see the cogs and wires twist and flair as he realised the truth in the Dom’s words, but that surprised him. He dropped his hand on his sub’s head. “Good boy. Now are you going to eat without a fuss?”
The detective pouted, but he didn't argue as he climbed to his feet. As a reward for not arguing, John took the soap and a flannel and washed him thoroughly, paying special attention to his boy's private bits.
The thing took a step forward and walked straight through the doctor. John shivered in shock, looking over his shoulder as he spun to face it again.
Sherlock was acting like a thoroughly rebuked child as John led him to the fish and chip stand. He even kicked at the sand along the way. His Dom smiled and gave his hand a squeeze, still feeling a bit charmed by him and his recent behaviour.
“He's an intelligent kid who has run rings around Doms for years. He even runs rings around Mycroft. Very few people are capable of that.”
‘Mr. W’ was watching Sherlock and he wasn’t attempting to hide the fact that he was watching either. It didn’t matter though. His Dom was already out of the room.
“I didn't do it, sir!” Sherlock replied, worried that John believed the worst of him. Worried he believed he was a murderer...
"It's our wedding, babe" John said, wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s waist. "We get to choose what Finn wears and what we wear as well. No one is hijacking our wedding from us."
As time passed, Sherlock had to exercise greater control over himself to stay still. He refused to let his Dom down, not again, not so soon.
Sherlock glanced at his Dom and nodded. "Yes, sir." He could tell him anything, but he wouldn't. Things were good as they were.
Sherlock snorted. He wasn't a child anymore. He could cope very well on his own. “Why?! I coped with it alone when it was happening. Reliving it is hardly going to be any worse.”
“I guessed you’d be pretty pissed off with me in a minute so it’d be back to you calling me boy again. I thought I’d save myself the hassle of having to move.”
The younger man looked away, tucking his head into John’s neck. He didn’t see the smack the kneeling man received. “I apologise, sir,” he said to the doctor. “For the way I acted last night.”
Their little sister awaited them, as usual, but an exhausted and slightly battered Irene stood behind her. The Dominatrix had lost her polish and glamour.
“Stand up for me, pet.” Sherlock obeyed this time and John could only describe the look on his face as relief when he saw the cushion rather than… John froze at the thought of what might have been used to punish him if he entered Panic before.
“I would like to speak to the three Holmeses first as they are the first witnesses. Come on through.”
Whatever John was up to was a mystery to the detective. He was completely out of sight. Even more so as the Dom had slid a blindfold over his eyes earlier.
The Dom pulled a leather collar from his pocket and moved towards his newfound sub. He unbuckled and moved to do it up around the detective’s neck. Sherlock grit his teeth as the blond did what he wanted.
"Would you like a beer?" Greg held up his hands to forestall John's caution. "Just one, I know. We have to be responsible."
“It’s not about you running away the second I turn my back. The technology outside the downstairs door is also outside this one for when I want to activate it. It is about submission. You’ll find it easier like this.” He attached the cuffs to the front of the bench. This position wasn’t as strenuous as last nights, for a start his thighs and calves weren’t being pulled uncomfortably.
Despite himself and the situation, the Superintendent laughed, but it was cut off by a string of hard, rapid strikes. "Ow!" He complained quite vocally.
The first time John tugged at the leash, he received the ‘Sherlock’ glare and an added ‘piss off’. After explaining to Sherlock rather long-windedly how wrong that was, he put his tally up to 45. The sub had been right earlier when he thought about his tally going up of its own accord when he couldn’t help himself. That had always been his weakness, knowing when to keep his mouth shut.
Mycroft had successfully anticipated he arrival of the pair of them and there was fresh tea on the coffee table waiting.
The detective moved to comply immediately, shaking out stiff legs. He didn't comment on the fact, John had called him nothing but Sherlock since he had unpacked his bag.
He stayed still as the blond buckled him down in as many places as possible, including his collar. He pressed his cheek to the padded cushion and focused on his cock and how it was going to get some attention at last.
“Well, sir, you’ve met Wilkes now and Victor you know all about. Any other Doms I had were one night stands and did not impact my life enough for me to even remember their names let alone when any interactions occurred. Therefore nothing they did to me would be enough to push me in Panic.”
She had been expecting the consulting detective to at least attempt to move away but he didn't. She carried on with the kiss, seeing if he would react but still nothing.
As they approached the tape the irritance in the officer waiting there was clear. John was about to open his mouth, but she beat him to it.
Sherlock was biting his lip as John slipped his shoe and sock off his foot. He called for his staff to fetch him some ice water and an ice pack from the freezer.
He scrambled off the bed to land in front of Sherlock where he was staring down at the broken dishes, breathing heavily. He yelled something incoherent and John knew he had to stop the ‘explosion’ that was imminent.
“Now here is what is going to happen next, I’m going to sit back and relax whilst you unpack all of your stuff.”
John was most surprised when they pulled up outside the harvester just on the outskirts of town. All you could eat salad would keep Finn and Sherlock happy for hours. Of course, there was the very real danger of a food fight, but the doctor would worry about that if it happened.
John laughed as he disappeared from the room and came back with a plug, a fleshlight and a set of handcuffs. He sat behind Greg without letting him see what he had brought with him. After he had lubed up the plug, John worked it into the sub's hole, taking his time.
"How long?" was all Sherlock could think to ask. If the answer was forever, well, there were actions he could take as soon as he got away from Greg and Mycroft.
Before they had a chance to go inside, Mycroft poked his head out of the separate room they were using that night, Greg snoring in the background.
"39, mistress. 40, mistress." Sherlock didn't stop counting, but he didn't need to watch anymore, he could hear what he needed.
Mycroft woke on his knees, his hands cuffed behind him and the collar at his neck chained to the wall. Opposite him, the same had happened to his brother but Sherlock was still unconscious.
The Dom climbed onto the bed and unfolded Sherlock's limbs, then he lay down next to him and wrapped his arms around him. "Go to sleep, Sherlock."
Mycroft swallowed hard and at the hand on his shoulder kneeled beside his own Dom. “They have been dealt with, Sherlock.”
Mycroft snickered and then huffed impatiently when both Sherlock and Finn yelled “bored!” Up the stairs.
Irene came striding in wearing form fitting leather pants and top. "Eurus has given me a free hand for an hour. I thought I should dress for the occasion." She looked down at herself. "You've already seen my battle armour, Sherlock. This is what I wear to truly break a man."
"Up and over my knees, boy." Greg waited until his sub had taken position, then placed a hand over one globe of his ass.
John tapped in the code for the playroom door and dropped his hand onto his sub’s head who glanced up and smiled. “Of course, sir.”
Telling himself they only needed to endure this for a few more hours, Mycroft dropped to his knees. "Can we get this over with? I have important work to attend to when I return to London."
The blond was far too angry to do anything right now, and what he would usually do in this situation was obsolete because he’d done it a month ago. This time Sherlock had wanted out, and gone through a bloody big deal to do so. Firm but fair had always been his policy, but maybe right now Sherlock needed a much harder hand. He sighed, he couldn’t remember the last time he had had to be hard with a sub... 10 years at least and even then it was a military sub that couldn’t settle into civilian life. He’d been there...
Sherlock kept his eyes averted, he was sure he could make this easier on Mycroft if he didn't watch.
The detective paused when it came to changing his trousers. He stared at them for a long moment then glanced at the floor.
Cautiously he walked over. John had removed his leash when they were downstairs rather than tug him up by it. He had taken his hand and pulled him towards the door. Sherlock hadn’t questioned why, but he guessed that he’d been forgiven for his little climbing escapade this morning. Now that John knew why and knew he was safe, he seemed more impressed and amused than pissed off at finding his sub outside.
John didn't even bother asking Sherlock what he wanted, he ordered for the 4 of them and made Greg pay.
"I don't care about your opinion," John said dismissively. "Actually, I thought my flatmate was a madman. A bloody gorgeous madman, but a madman nonetheless. I don't think I would have been too surprised that he was into this. Now me..." The detective grunted, demanding their attention. John just rolled his eyes and slapped him on the thigh. "I think we've been paying my boy too much attention."
The following morning, Sherlock awoke with a groan. His chest ached and he realised with a heavy heart it wasn’t the first time he had awoken in this amount of pain. It was, however, the first time he awoken in such a substantial amount of pain but not alone. He snuggled back into the warmth of the Dom that surrounded him. For such a small man, John Watson had a large presence. He could almost imagine the bruises littering his chest and his wrist was throbbing. He didn’t want to open his eyes because doing that would mean seeing the mess he had managed to get himself into. He also didn’t want to face John. He was probably only still here because he felt guilty. There was no way he would still want him after this. He wondered how long it would be until he called Mycroft and demand he take him away. He tried to do a mental inventory of his condition and decided his wrist wasn’t as bad as his chest. His wrist didn’t make breathing hurt. He had laid there long enough. It was time to enter the real world. What he didn’t expect to see when he cracked his eyes open was John Watson hovering over him, concern swimming in his sea blue eyes.
When Sherlock finished dressing, he opened the bedroom door. "Come along, you two. I don't believe we've set the date for the wedding yet."
"I want to hear the noise Sherlock makes when I do this to him," Irene said with a smirk as she pulled the gag free.
“Sherlock-” Greg tried to intervene, but when he saw the look on Beth’s face he sighed. “Amy, apologise to your sister.”
“If you behave today, I will uncage you tomorrow and you will not be needing a milking. If you don't behave today… well I think it's fairly obvious.”
His master's grip tightened and he ran his hand to the head of his prick, not needing lube, he'd leaked enough precome over the last several hours that he was slick enough already.
"Alright. I'll go tell our guests you don't feel like playing. You can stay in here. I'll come check on you in a bit."
“I'll take him.” Sherlock grasped Finn's other hand. “You get changed.” He tugged and John let them go. He knew his husband would take the little boy's safety seriously even if he treated everything else like a joke.
Greg set to work making the base harness that would serve to anchor his suspension creation. He worked methodically, using everything he had learned about the technique. Soon he had the 'vines' incorporated into his sculpture and was ready to lift Mycroft into the air. He checked his work one more time to be sure it was safe, then he moved to the crank and started turning it. Soon his boy was floating comfortably in the middle of the room.
In no way was Sherlock's position meant to be comfortable but John hadn't meant it to be. He wanted some honest answers out of the brat, these stress positions seemed to be the only way that would happen.
John let Sherlock climb for half an hour while he set the several blankets out and the mini stools so they wouldn’t get cold from the ground. The boy had changed trees 3 times, and it was on the third tree John knew what he was up to, it made him laugh.
"You came here of your own free will, Miss Adler," Mycroft turned his nose up at her. "It appears our sister it too much for you to handle. You got too big... too clever. You couldn't beat Sherlock, how did you expect to beat Eurus?"
John glanced up at him in admiration as he stopped for breath. That had literally come out as fast as water from a tap and yet neither Sherlock, nor Greg seemed at all surprised by it.
“Well it’s your fault. If it wasn’t such a gorgeous arse, I wouldn’t want to play with it all the time.”
Sherlock let Finn say goodbye to the girls as Greg took them out to the car, but he lunged for Mycroft before he could stop him.
Sherlock didn't say anything, just looked out the window. The doctor shifted across the seats to sit in the middle where his sub usually sat.
“I give you your own space, yes. Last night would have been dangerous if I had left you. There was a high probability that you would ’drop.”
“I told him not to enter my bedroom without specific permission and he hasn’t. But you’re right, the other rooms, so far, I have failed to mention at all.”
The whole time this had been going on, Sherlock had listened to his Dom's voice, completely content.
“We’re friends?” Sherlock’s eyes widened in surprise. He was never surprised. He glanced at the Dom and realised how wrong that statement was, John Watson had managed to surprise him in so many ways. Too many ways.
"Thank you, Mycroft," John said, having noticed the government official's little trick. He held out his hand for the ginger. "And thank you, Greg. You want things tough, you little brat, then you can get things tough." He began easing the ginger into his hole without fingering him first.
Mycroft carried Sherlock up the stairs and settled him on the bed. He quickly got into the pyjamas that had been put out for him, while Sherlock did the same.
John smiled at his boy and went to retrieve one from the rack on the wall. Sherlock was still holding the headboard when he returned and he didn’t let go despite the apprehension running through his muscles as the Dom pressed the bar between the cuffs already in place.
Sherlock didn't respond but John hadn't been expecting him to. Even so, he set about doing what he said and wasn't as surprised as he should have been when Sherlock didn't fight.
The detective let his gaze flicker around the room. It looked like a strip club given the size and the layout of the room. Although, it was empty now, all chairs and tables pushed well away from the centre stage. Sherlock realised where he was. It was the place round the back of town that was the main D/s establishment in central London. The racks of toys and play things weren’t here, but that didn’t mean they wouldn’t be by the time the evening rolled around. His thoughts halted rather abruptly – Douglas – bollocks.
“It would have been, if I was still a child, but I was 18 and had already had one failure of a relationship. Mycroft saw it as his job to protect me, hence the security detail around the edge of your grounds.”
“Sorry, Sherlock,” the DI did seem genuinely apologetic, it made the detective want to panic, and panic quickly. He could feel Panic approaching, quickly but this time there was no John here, he used all his might to believe Greg wouldn’t let anything happen to him.
The doctor cut him off. “I was lenient with you yesterday about kneeling when I entered the den, in fact I didn’t even mention it. It was a tough day. Today however, IS NOT! Get on your knees.”
"But, John-" the detective started to whinge only to be cut off when the doctor pulled his head into his lap, smashing his face into his crotch. Sherlock let out a pleased sound and started mouthing at John's zip.
"It's your only word," Greg countered. He walked around him for a moment then paused just behind. He pushed his foot between his legs and nudged at his caged cock.
Sherlock shrugged as he continued to stare out of the window. He should be happy with where they were heading, he hadn’t had a case in months and Greg had gone out of his way to ask for his help.
Greg released his grip on Mycroft's wrists and gave him a moment to recover, then he used cuffs to haul him to his knees. He snapped a karabiner to the chain between the cuffs and threw it through a metal hoop in the ceiling.
When Sherlock had come down from his subspace high, John told him they should go and eat but he was clearly still floaty as he remained latched onto the Dom. John had moved them to the bed on the play side of the room and settled his hand into his pet's messy curls.
The two men found Finn in the toilets trying bravely not to cry. John held back as Sherlock approached him. The boy was still so small, he had wedged himself between the toilet and the wall.
“Pet, what on earth have you got to be sorry about?” John cupped his cheek even though he pulled away.
He opened the door and took a look around, it was freezing and he was just in his underwear. It wouldn’t take him long. He’d find somewhere out of sight, throw some clothes on and run. He had no idea where he was though. His brother’s car had tinted windows and although he knew every street in London, outside of London was not his area. Apart from south he had no idea where he was, but they hadn’t driven that long so he couldn’t be too far south. The steps that ran down the front of the house had a layer of snow on them that hadn’t been there when Mycroft had dropped him off. He would definitely have to be quick.
“Helping me? To find a murderer and to prove a point,” he seemed unsure of himself but at a casual glance he hid it well.
About ten minutes later, the Dom returned to find Sherlock pacing in his room, the rest of his stuff unpacked and his suitcases empty in the corner. If he was still under, he would have most definitely have been knelt. In a way he was glad he wasn’t. While pacing, John knew what to expect; Sherlock.
“Yes, pet. Punishment over. You held out a lot longer than I thought you were going to. What did you learn from that?”
"I don't know, Doctor Watson. It could be a ploy. They could be trying to make us feel sorry for them."
John laughed with him. He seemed fond of the memory and the Dom reflected on how gorgeous he was not only when he smiled.
He half expected the younger man to protest, but he didn’t. He just reversed and then knelt up again.
, John sighed, all these years he’d never referred to a sub that he was in the process of training as his. He looked down at the mop of brown curls on his chest. He was his boy, without a doubt.
The doctor sighed, replaced the water back in his bag and then folded his arms, he raised an unamused eyebrow at his sub. “You can’t be thirsty then. And that is an extra four on your tally, boy. Now, go and kneel in the corner.”
“No, sir. I've never heard of her, sir,” he confirmed. Why would he lie? Not after the beating he got last time. That was something he most definitely wanted to avoid. It was nice to see John in concerned mode though, especially after the last few days.
The detective sighed. "I don't mean to.... not really." When his brother didn't say anything further, he continued, "I just want John's attention. All of it."
Sherlock blinked several times before climbing back to his feet. It took a moment for him to feel stable. It was strange, he felt as if he wasn't alone. He took a few steps into the room more, to look around and truly check he was on his own. He looked over the console at all the different switches and buttons, but for once he kept his hands to himself. God knows what any of it did.
There was no way he was still in subspace. John had allowed him to fall asleep in the playroom knowing Sherlock would be really high after his first time in subspace in so long, but the next time it happened he would be in his own room.
"Stay down there," Eurus ordered, "sit down my dear. You feed him, I'll feed this one," she reached over and grabbed Mycroft by the hair, pulling him up onto his knees beside her.
Irene, mouth agape, watched Eurus take a sip of wine. "I didn't mean to... I won't ever cross you, Eurus. I swear."
It wasn't fair. He had been good... mostly. He didn't deserve to be left all alone. Every second that ticked by, he was closer to going after John.
With smooth, graceful motions, the Superintendent crawled between John's legs. He could already feel himself starting to relax and fall into subspace from John's single order.
By this point, the doctor had reached the cell door and the sergeant that had been waiting, opened it. He was glad he had, he didn't want the conversation to continue if his sub was in this mood.
Both of Sherlock's friends bristled at that, they knew what past relationships had done to him… changed him… scared him… broken him so very nearly if it hadn’t been for John, he saved him; fixed him.
“You escaped this morning to prove a point, didn’t you? And the other day. The only time you genuinely wanted to leave was that first afternoon. You’re proving you’re clever, that you can find a way out.”
The Dom got out of bed without disturbing his bed partners and crept to the playroom where he had left his sub. He had been correct. Despite everything, Sherlock had managed to fall asleep.
John smiled with obvious approval. “Good, pet. If you dry them off as well, I’ll show you where they go when I come back down.” He nodded and left through the side door. “I’ll be five minutes.”
John had lubed up his fingers and was playing with Sherlock's hole, running his finger around the puckered rim.
John stretched his finger around the boy’s rim. He actually admired how Sherlock fought himself to keep still.
"That could have been you," Greg told his sub, reaching forward to pinch one of Mycroft's nipples viciously, "but you had to misbehave just that much."
He’d taken him up to the playroom again - by the hand as he hadn’t physically refused - and strapped him down to the bench. 36 wasn’t that bad a tally number given the events of the day and the fact that he had already been punished in the morning.
John stood behind them and bent over, draping his arms around their shoulders. "Which one of you can take it the best, I wonder. I can't wait to find out."
His boy hadn’t been against the idea of someone new coming over tonight. John had made sure to watch him closely when he had brought it up that morning and he seemed more intent on showing off than disagreeing completely with the presence of new people. John would have postponed if he hadn’t been comfortable, but his reaction had given him confidence that he would be ok. His response to the knock on the door had been more on the side of caution, but from how he had acted this morning, he had thought that he was not only wary of the unknown but of wearing clothes also. To a Dom, changing clothes was nothing except an everyday thing, but to a sub, especially one as reluctant to submit as Sherlock was the majority of the time, it would be more of a big deal. At least, that was the conclusion he had originally come to, but then he still wasn’t himself. He had begun to wonder whether he should make excuses and get rid of the other Dom and that maybe it was too soon. Maybe it was just the detective being cocky this morning that had made them both think otherwise. He had been surprised yet again when his pet appeared in the doorway after popping the kettle on the hob. Surely, if he wanted to be out of the way, he would have waited with it and if things had been too bad, he would have safe worded- out of the room or the contract. Not that John wanted that. The longer he spent with the younger man, the more obvious the attraction was becoming. He had returned of his own volition and the touch of a hand seemed to keep his Panic levels well below the explosion level which John had seen- both in full force and the subtle. Panic had been averted by low conversation, kneeling and John’s hand hovering nearby. It seemed to have worked just as successfully this time and the last thing he wanted was to unsettle him further by making him get off his knees at the demand of tea.
“Nope. It’s mine, sir. Angelo faced a spot of bother as a young man, I got him out of a tight corner.”
