'Holy Mother! speak to a spirit!'
John jerks his head back towards the sprawled body. “So what are we going to do with him?”
“Ridiculous,” breathes Mary, glancing frantically at each of them in turn. “You can’t believe this.”
?” queried Mary.
As he enters the bedroom, John is bent over, pulling on track pants; and
(See the end of the chapter for
Anthea gave him a sideways look that seemed to imply he’d said that aloud, before going back to her phone.
At that moment, a slight young woman walked in the door, AUSTRALIA emblazoned across her bright yellow jersey. “Ah, hello,” she said, “I’m Melissa?” the upwards inflection of her accent making it sound like she was asking for confirmation.
After this conversation, the mind of Holmes appeared to be much more at ease; but exhausted by the effort of speaking. Sherlock played upon the violin for his father; drew airs he designed to be soft and soothing but were inadvertently infused with his own melancholy.
WATSON
John welcomed this of course, and Sherlock took his place next to the king. Touching Sherlock’s curly hair, John was getting his fill of admiring his pretty servant, so that he noticed instantly when Sherlock’s thoughts started to turn sour again.
“I see you have your new clothes,” William remarked. “Lestrade selected well.”
“Sherlock,” King John continued in that low, ardent tone, “it made me so angry to watch those people flirt with you.”
SHERLOCK
William’s voice was soft, and just a little sad. “John… Didn’t you hear me…?”
John gasped, the sound a mixture of pleasure and surprise, as Sherlock kissed his neck. “You remember my last name?”
The king led the way to the front of the convoy, to the caravan that sat in front of the others, shining in all its regal glory. The wood was brightly painted in red and gold. It was a beautiful exterior, but that was all Sherlock could tell. The caravan’s door, located where the driver would sit, was closed, and only curtains could be seen through the door’s small window. This was also the case with the larger window on the side of the caravan.
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
It is greatly disconcerting to have an empty gaze staring back at you, is it not? I have perceived how this affects people. I would rather not have my clients so distracted by my soulless eyes that they will not bring me their problems.
Jeeves turned towards Bertie. “Would you care for some tea, sir, or is your coffee sufficient?”
“Sherlock?” The figure stirred, and turned towards Sherlock, who had already suspected that the king was awake, due to the candle being lit. Indeed, King John had the face of a wakeful person, not of someone who had been falling asleep. “Come in. Is something wrong? You’re still dressed for bed.”
Sherlock, dear brother, how do you know what Lestrade’s waist feels like?
John felt blessed when Sherlock came, with an instinctive and yet still rather gentle movement, surrendering himself to his king. Energy dissipated from the servant’s body, leaving him helpless and out of breath. His cries softened, and he relaxed on the bed, allowing John to stroke him gently, to guide him through the sensations he felt.
LESTRADE
Who would greet whom? Which brother, which persona? To his mortification, Sherlock felt like a child, bewildered and unsure.
Mycroft paused, evidently taking in this information. “That’s very interesting.”
“Good, Sherlock,” John murmured, stretching his dear maid some more.
“Why did you keep these things?”
Feeling hopeful, John retired to his quarters at the end of the day.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “We aren’t children anymore, Sherlock.”
like Sherlock for love or money, but it seemed to work aright for John. Sherlock calmed down a trifle.
My name is Mycroft Holmes. I apologise for the ruse; Sherlock has been a terrible influence on me, as you could well imagine. We are half-brothers, you see.
“Please, sir,” Sherlock begged. It was too cruel, to be denied what he had so eagerly anticipated. “I want you.”
There was nobody else present in the courtyard. Had there been anyone, William would have dismissed them without a care for explanation. He loved to be alone with John. He could give his servant all his attention. William eased John’s hands away from the line and into his own grasp, appreciating the startled breath that escaped his servant.
It certainly could not be said that his clothes had not been selected with a keen eye. John knew little of the secretive older Holloway brother, but clearly Lord Montgomery could put an outfit together, even if it was one not meant for a nobleman. John hoped that William would appreciate it, but that was wishful thinking, since William owned the magnificent garments in this royal dressing room.
When Sherlock arrived, his master was already there, and dressed in the comfortable-looking clothes he wore when he slept. With his straight posture and confident shoulders, the king was a good match to the fine room around him. It was a large space, and housed impressive furniture, including an elegant wardrobe, cushioned chairs, and a bed with a purple canopy.
I didn’t need John’s notice to know that Sherlock Holmes had stopped in. Though I’d only met the chap once before, I was well aware that Sherlock has a way of being noticeable. I’m sure that when he’s made himself up as a constable or what have you, Sherlock can pass off a disguise as well as anyone; but in his ordinary form, with his curly mop and flapping coat and overall air of a hero strutting about the stage, I doubt anybody would mistake him for a gentle breeze flowing modestly through the window.
psychology is particularly interesting.”
“You do understand that, don’t you, John?”
“Sherlock?”
It was a shame that he could not proclaim to everyone in the courtyard that this servant was the cherished beloved of the king. As it was, the soldiers and trainees had paid little attention to Sherlock; they hardly noticed any of the servants that had come along on the convoy and visited the fortress with their masters.
“Really? You know, I just started a blog of my own. I have some delightful stories to share with the world, though I can’t seem to quite get a handle on the thing. Maybe you could give me a few pointers sometime. But enough about that,” Bertie said, with a quick wave of his hand. “What’s got you feeling down, John?”
LESTRADE
The king lightly rubbed along Sherlock’s chest, over his gown, which was probably meant to comfort Sherlock, and while it was comforting, the motion made Sherlock feel strangely warm.
SHERLOCK
When he reached the convoy, Sherlock saw that many people were equipping their horses and entering their caravans. The servant hardly cared about them, but instead approached the first caravan. King John was indeed already there, attaching the horse to the caravan himself.
“Wait,” John said.
LESTRADE
The servant suddenly became aware of King John standing in front of him, holding Sherlock’s shoulders firmly. Sherlock, still sitting on the bench, looked up at the king with bewilderment. He had forgotten why the king was there.
He sat back in his chair, in what seemed to be a defeated huff.
Bertie packed up his laptop and waved before making his way to the expensive car waiting outside.
Sherlock loved to watch the king study the weapon. He was tempted to ask questions about the king’s technique. It would not be suitable for a servant to bother a king with questions, however. “No,” he said simply, “I only clean them, sir.”
The next town they arrived in was the largest so far, and had a number of notable places that would interest visitors from the convoy. King John offered to take Sherlock to wherever he wished in the entertainment district, though the servant found himself drawn to someplace different.
“Ugh, stop talking,” Sherlock groaned. “I don’t need to know any more about you and
at me.
William traced his fingers over the collar of his attendant’s sleeping gown, and slid his touch under the garment, caressing the nape of John’s neck, making John, who had become too weak to stop himself from enjoying it, shudder from the pleasant sensation. “I had been very reckless in battle,” William said, “to let myself be injured so severely. I had not cared much for life, and I did not care at all if I survived. Then I was brought to a kind healer who sent my pain scurrying away.”
Not the friendly note one seeks from a prospective friend, I dare say. John noted this as well. He sighed, and lightly touched Sherlock’s arm. “All right, that’s enough.”
WATSON (V.O.)
,” Sherlock remarked.
For a long moment, Bertie and Jeeves were both absolutely silent. Bertie gazed at me with admiration, while Jeeves remained inexpressive.
“That’s right. Did you like the dungeon, Sherlock?”
“So pretty, yet so far away,” the king continued. “Sometimes I wonder what could be harder than looking at something so pretty and yet not being able to touch it.”
“Very admirably,” Jeeves admitted, bless him.
Sherlock supposed that he should consider himself fortunate, if it was indeed pity that the king was feeling for him. He could have easily earned his master’s hate for intruding on the king’s privacy and making inappropriate requests.
There was often a sinful tingling in John’s body when Sherlock obeyed him, and this occasion was no different. Dutifully, Sherlock took his place on the king’s bed, his hands clasped diffidently, and his cheeks already starting to become the fetching pink that never failed to fascinate John.
LESTRADE
LESTRADE
SHERLOCK
Instead, John settled for adoring his enchanting servant as best he could in this intimate way, tasting Sherlock and giving him comfort.
WATSON
“Oh. I, um, I didn’t hear anything.”
I nodded sympathetically. “I see. With a super-old-fashioned bloke like Jeeves, I wouldn't know, either.”
William couldn’t believe what he heard. It took him a remarkably long time to notice his mouth was open in surprise. It snapped shut, only to shout, “Lestrade!”
what’s proper,” Sherlock muttered. It was all too much. “I hate that I can’t have John sitting at my side when I make a proclamation to the city. I hate that I have to compete with the only family I have in the whole world—and he can’t even tell me when he’s shagging my priest!”
Surprised, William answered, “If you wish.”
When Sherlock said this, the handsome king eyed him with such attention that Sherlock had to avert his eyes in shyness.
Sherlock felt more relief than he had expected, though he would not let his guard down entirely. He nodded, and gestured towards the other seat at the table in invitation. Mycroft nodded as well and took the seat.
“Sherlock,” the king said, “you’re afraid you’ll enjoy it?”
“Are you sure? You seem to admire the books a great deal. Surely you’d like to actually read some of them?”
“Not in the least, but, I’m sure it didn’t escape your notice that… that your earlier pleasure did not escape my notice,” William said hurriedly. “I need to… see to myself, you understand.”
WATSON
“Oh… Sherlock…”
William listened to this entirely civil conversation between his brother and his beloved with astonishment. What had happened to Montgomery? Didn’t Mycroft know he wasn’t allowed to be here?
LESTRADE
“Sorry, have we met?”
“Would you undress for me, Sherlock?” he asked, keeping his besotted voice stable with considerable effort.
It was all new to John. Having not studied much on the subjects, he did not understand a great deal about the economy, or religious matters at the level of the state, and though he had been a soldier, general military strategy was foreign to him. Regardless, William seemed to understand it all thoroughly, and it made John proud. His master was so capable and intelligent.
William’s gasped when he saw it was the horse that John had been holding. He took the toy in hand. “I never thought this could mean so much to you. I promise, I’ll set him down carefully.” He placed the horse on the ground at the side of the bed, and then turned back to John, gracing the servant with so much warm attention. He turned John to him and held the shorter man to him, kissing John’s forehead, letting tears be wept against his dressing gown.
“Can you do that?” Sherlock asked, astonished.
If you have seen through me, then he will too, if I ever meet him. I’ll need to be content with only the letters.
“Don’t worry. It will be a pleasure to have you on the journey. I personally don’t think it’s very exciting,” the king said. The melancholy that Sherlock witnessed once before on the King John’s face returned, but only momentarily. “That’s probably only because I’ve been on many journeys. I think it’ll be better though, with you there.”
Oh, Lestrade, you pillock…
Many people had come from farms and nearby villages to this city, to enjoy the sights and sounds of the art festival. John had made certain that their convoy would also pass through this city during the time of the festival, especially once he knew how Sherlock relished new experiences. For a long time, he had been looking forward to seeing his servant’s face light up when presented with so many absorbing works of art.
“Brother Mycroft, so generous!”
“Why would I think that, sir? I thought people of all stations had hobbies. Actually, I thought you liked to inspect the dirt on peoples’ shoes,” John said with a smirk.
He remembered a place that would do.
This response made John pause. How absurd, that Sherlock had to ask that question! They had done so much together, and indeed Sherlock had often leaned on John as they drove, yet Sherlock still sounded surprised and flattered whenever John offered his shoulder. “Of course,” John stated patiently, happy to reassure his servant. Feeling bold, he added, “Having you touching me will give me something nice to think about.”
What else do you remember?
This bucked my spirit no small amount, to hear my dress met with Jeevesian approval. These things mean a lot to him, you know, and making a good impression on Jeeves meant a lot to me. Not to mention, he knew when something suited a chap.
The maybe-sad eyes of Jeeves met the obviously-sad eyes of Bertie.
At the very least.
Leave me out of this.
At that time, John had been struggling to find joy in his life, and his unhappy moods had made him a reserved and unpleasant master. She had left John’s employment during the journey to the warrior’s tournament, so some of her things were left in the room. John had paid her decently in compensation for what she left behind in the castle. In truth, she hadn’t left much.
“Oh, yes, sir!” More passion could be heard from Sherlock’s sweet, overcome voice than ever before.
“Don’t you have desires of your own?”
If he has stopped writing to you, it is not out of lack of interest. It would be because he believes
Sherlock was on his hands and knees, in a position he had never assumed for anyone in his life, except for the captivating man who was with him now. Wearing nothing at all, Sherlock was trembling, though not from cold.
From the beginning, John had tried to resist the pull he felt to his servant—there had been nights when he had been kept from sleep for a long time by his terrible longing—but he had failed miserably in that temple.
“Here, let me help you.” Sherlock gently laid his hands on John’s underwear, and, admiring his beloved’s deep blush, pulled it down, completely undressing his servant while Sherlock was still clothed. He wanted to touch the need that had been revealed, but more than that, he wanted this evening to proceed at a pace comfortable for John.
It was astounding to Sherlock to see someone so casually pet a beast such as that large horse. Sherlock hesitated. “Yes, sir,” he managed. He didn’t want to admit that he continued to fear the horse, so he didn’t say anything more.
Were you dancing?
Do you want him to stay with you?
Yes. Is that a problem?
The king took a deep breath. “Nothing you need to be worried about, Sherlock. Go on, tell me what’s the matter. Was your room uncomfortable?”
The deluge of sensation was more than Sherlock could comprehend. There was the sweetness of the king’s lips, the roughness of his stubble, the sureness of his hands; each distinct feeling assured Sherlock that he was truly kissing King John, the strong and chivalrous warrior-king.
“Exciting?” King John did not sound so certain.
Sherlock trembled under John. “Oh, I love you, sir,” he gasped, moving eagerly under the encouragement of John’s mouth and hands.
Very unexpected, though, that you could take a man down so quickly.
“Thirteen years ago, in fact. Then the first King Holloway was not very happy with how his son performed as ruler during the war, and he still had the power to choose a new sovereign, so he pretty much forced Montgomery to give up his power when the war ended.”
It seemed to Sherlock that John was too shy to say anything, which was hard to believe, after all the intimate evenings they had known together, though it could have been the significance of the day that left him speechless. He nodded.
After being pressed a great deal, yes.
If some kind of trouble had beset the servant, the king wanted to be the first one to know about it. “Is something bothering you, Sherlock?” he asked, in a straightforward manner.
LESTRADE
I chuckled, and gave him a kiss on the cheek. He glowed with joy, and it was the best thing in the world to see.
The king moaned endlessly. “It was p-paradise. He wanted to e-empty himself in her,” he said, as he graced Sherlock with another thrust, “but he never wanted it to end…”
Sherlock wanted to be perfect for his cherished servant. He wished he knew everything about pleasing John. “Would you tell me how?”
“I haven’t played in a long time, sir. Give me a moment to remember.”
“Well, there isn’t too much you need to know. Like all the horses I use, this one’s been trained to move where you direct it. The key is to be clear and consistent. That’s an important thing about horses—about animals in general, really. You have to be consistent.”
SHERLOCK
John’s frightened response was just as fast. “I’m sorry.”
policeman. His next letter should come in two days; it would be unfortunate if it did not come.
“Maybe I am a little sad,” I said.
He is out. I am afraid I do not know where Mr. Holmes is. I am only his servant.
“That’s enough.” As if he had not just shared a remarkable moment with his servant, the mercurial nobleman muttered arrogantly, “You have done more than enough.” He stood up from the bed, retying his dressing gown, making his way to the bathroom.
When John had first suggested that Father Lestrade could use a cross, the servant had expected a simple t-shaped block. The object in William’s hands was far more beautiful than that. The elegant cross had been finely detailed. Each end was marked by a flowery shape.
SHERLOCK
“Yeah, and since I have that other job, I really can’t take a third one on.”
I would say the plan worked remarkably well, if you do not mind me saying so.
“Listen to this, John,” he began, with his eyes on his laptop screen. “Bertie describes Reggie as being a consultant for the social elite. ‘Put it up to Jeeves,’ that is the slogan of his circle of acquaintances, so he says. He notes how wide Jeeves’s consulting practice is, and then there’s this pretty little comment: ‘Jeeves is like Sherlock Holmes. The highest in the land come to him with their problems.’”
“He’s been rubbing his hands a bit in the chapel.”
“Oh!” William responded with an unconscious thrust that became a full-body shudder when the nobleman tried to keep himself still. “John…” Struggling to regain control, William held onto John’s shoulders.
“For protection,” William said, too quickly.
He guided John onto the royal bed, so that John rested on his back. Sherlock leaned close to him, speaking low and meaningfully. “I would very much like to make love to you, John.”
… What did you say?
LESTRADE
He did, however, hear the words the king spoke next, in a voice that had sunk where Sherlock’s had risen, and notice that the king wasn’t shaking anymore. “Come with me.”
Sherlock closed the door, and started taking off his boots. It was easier to talk to his boots than to his master. “Nothing is wrong. I… I, um, I couldn’t sleep, sir.”
“Not bad,” Sherlock murmured, with the look of a casting director who has heard the thing he’s been looking for. It struck him just right, I was sure.
“You might not want that,” his master said. “The thing that’s keeping me up…” Apparently at a loss for words, he moved the blanket away from himself, showing that there was a bulge in his trousers.
“Do you understand me, Dr. Watson?”
“This is nice,” John said, contented by the simple act of walking with William and admiring the calm scenery with him.
After placing the candle carefully on the table, Sherlock dutifully knelt to remove the king’s boots, trying very hard not to think about how close he was to King John’s solid chest and powerful arms. There was something comforting about the king’s scent, though it also excited Sherlock more than he could explain.
Ah, quick, hold me, and then act surprised when he comes in!
“This is news that we should celebrate,” Sherlock murmured, “don’t you agree?”
“Hmm?”
Sherlock gasped sharply. “Sir?”
William leaned against the wall, and slumped there, letting the world pull him to the ground.
SHERLOCK
John nodded. At the time, he had always carried rudimentary medical supplies in his knapsack. Plenty of strong men had volunteered to be soldiers, but there were hardly any healers at hand. He liked to think that he had aided his fellow countrymen, though they had rarely shown the simple apothecary any gratitude.
It hadn’t just been that one individual. With what little demureness he could achieve, Sherlock had immediately distanced himself from the flirtatious noble, but that had not been the end of it. A few other men had given him glances of certain significance, and two offered to buy him a drink.
Of course. But… Oh! I am a fool. You read those dots, don’t you?
“I hardly see how,” Sherlock commented.
William smiled wide, though he reined himself in somewhat when he thought about how foolish he was being. To be so affected by John’s simple request, really! Willing himself to be calm and focused, William took another careful look at John’s person. He lifted one of John’s arms and inspected the hand—one could usually tell what John had been up to by the state of his hands, as multiply talented with them as his attendant was. He saw no stains, but that in itself was informative. He leaned down and inhaled deeply over John’s wrist, catching the sign of a scent.
… Just so you’re aware of it, Holmes, I’m giving you a very sceptical look right now.
The servant settled against the king’s chest, humming softly.
Then he remembered where he was, who he was with, and worst of all, he knew that the desire that had grown in him last night, if it had lessened before he fell asleep, had only flourished during the night. At least the blanket covered him, because without it John knew his underwear and sleeping gown would do little to conceal his urgent feelings for the man holding him.
Now that Sherlock was gone, John knew he would need to return to work. It was nearly time for King William to have his supper, so John left the chapel and headed for the kitchen to begin preparations.
Sherlock was terrified that he had disappointed his master. “I’m sorry, sir. A servant of a king should be able to read. I understand some simple things,” Sherlock added, trying to make up for his deficiency. “Enough to get by. I can recognize some of the words on signs, and I can sign my name. But I’m afraid I wouldn’t be able to read a book like that.”
It took everything John had not to mutter indignantly. “I know how to act. I’ll use only my proper manners.”
WATSON
SHERLOCK
The starting position, I take it?
Sherlock grinned triumphantly at his redemption. “Have I ever told you about the scar on my arm?”
“No, sir. That possibility is not what concerns me at present.” More than anything, he seemed resigned. “One might suppose,” he said to me, “you are under the impression that, in this modern world, class differences no longer exist. If that is so, Dr. Watson, then you are mistaken. The boundaries may be less rigid than in times past, and not as apparent in your own daily life, but distinctions of that nature exist as they have always done, and are still very clear to persons in certain social positions. Though you may only know him as a genial friend, Mr. Wooster is in fact from a prominent and influential family, and people in his position simply do not become close to their employees.”
A moment’s silence passed, then Lestrade’s gaze turned a little more bravely toward William, and the priest seemed somehow more formidable than before. “I do,” he said.
MYCROFT
However, once he had recovered his breath, the king quickly moved away, and cleaned himself with hurried swiftness.
WATSON
“I would like it a lot, actually,” John whispered.
In all honesty, I thought I could see your brother.
“You know it already, sir,” John said, his voice a little deeper.
WATSON
“About what?”
Sherlock was shocked. He hardly knew what to do. The king’s offer was too wonderful to be believed.
“Nothing, n-nothing that I should bother you with, sir.” Self-conscious under King John’s scrutiny, Sherlock tried to squirm out of his hold, but the effort was half-hearted, and not nearly enough to hinder the king.
There was too much hesitation in that answer for Sherlock. He wanted John with a deep passion, but only if that passion was returned. “Wait, don’t you want this, John?”
As a priest of a minor god—Sherlock couldn’t remember which god, not that he cared much—John did not have the prestige held by the clergy of major deities, and certainly John was not close in that respect to the king, who was nothing less than divine, being a child of the sun. However, Sherlock knew nobody who could match the depth of John’s knowledge in healing, and certainly, no being in this world or the underworld could match the healer’s unselfish, determined spirit.
“Do you mean that this is your duty, getting on your knees for me?”
“What? No, not at all, sir,” John said sincerely. He presented the large-handled knife innocuously. “Why do you own a knife such as this?”
It had also not escaped the pharaoh’s notice that this man was unusually tanned and athletic for a priest. This made the priest all the more interesting to Sherlock, and certainly did not make him unattractive. Sherlock had observed these physical characteristics in a rather objective way, or so he managed to convince himself, until he had heard John’s amused, charming laugh, and saw him smile with faith at the statue of the god, and then, it was impossible to ignore his feelings for John. At times, it was almost painful to look at the handsome man.
“Of course, and He would be bored senseless by them. It’s in the presentation, John.” The nobleman took a seat next to John, his fingers steepled contemplatively together. “As God must listen to so much drivel, you would do well to try to catch His attention.”
“Thank you for trusting me, John.”
“I am acquainted with one or two details regarding a Mycroft Holmes,” Jeeves said.
“Oh, oh,” John whimpered, his body undulating, his bound hands clenching reflexively. There was nothing he could do but enjoy Sherlock’s attention to the fullest.
“These words, these beautiful words. This is just the thing. This captures it perfectly.”
Bertie, on the other hand, never added another entry about his developing relationship with Jeeves after that first vague post about something good happening in his life. He posted about some more adventures they had with Bertie’s friends among the idle rich, but that was it. He didn’t mention anything about it to me, either.
‘Dear Mr. Holmes, I just had a strange man walk up to me and tell me how a murder was done, knowing nothing but what was published in the newspaper. Also, he’s blind. Does this sound familiar?’
“Absolutely. That’s only something that humans do.”
SHERLOCK
There was the sword that John had used in the warrior’s tournament, the flint and steel that Sherlock had used to light fires, a book about chemistry that seemed to be instantly familiar to Sherlock by its cover, a candle that had been made from beeswax, a pointed copper cup used to heat ale, an empty jug with a label for apple cider, a set of chains that brought another flush to Sherlock’s cheeks, the violin of course, and finally, a trowel meant for use in a garden.
Mrs. Hudson has read some telegrams for me from other clients. The subject matter has not always been to her liking.
“Yes, sir, p-please…” More than anything, he wanted to be in King John’s mouth again, in the warmth of the man who took such good care of him. Yet he knew that he could not give King John a child this way. “But I’m… I’m supposed to serve you, sir… To give you everything you need…”
“Is that all you’ll be bringing with you, Sherlock?”
MYCROFT
Suddenly, it occurred to John how soppy his writing was, but he wasn’t about to lie to Sherlock. “It’s a bit sentimental, so don’t laugh. It says, ‘Sherlock and John, forever.’ So at least this place will know what we mean to each other.”
Sherlock heard King John sigh.
The string was pulled back again, gracefully, as if even the string itself was struck by the king’s commanding air, and could do nothing but move as the royal hand directed. As Sherlock had watched the king aim his next arrow with that same unerring steadiness, with powerful control and yet also with a kind of tender guidance, it had occurred to the servant that he might do much the same in the string’s place.
At night, after the curtains had been closed, and each man had settled into his bed, John heard a softly murmured, “Thank you,” from his master, and felt his heart grow full.
Sherlock had decided by now that committed partners should not keep any secrets from each other. He longed to be open with John in every way and to be trusted in return. John could be so selfless, though, that it sometimes took some prodding to find out what was on John’s mind.
The king immediately tried to cover the lower half of himself with the blanket. “You really don’t have to do that.”
And there is no telling whether he will stay with me or not.
will do exactly that! Ah, that’s perfect! Then, as decreed by the pharaoh’s scroll,” Sherlock proclaimed, in triumph, “you and I will be soulmates.”
“Sir,” John breathed. He was close, but surely it was asking too much to lose himself in his master’s bed. “I want you so badly, Sherlock. I can’t help it.”
Sherlock’s hands rested over John’s nightgown. John shyly leaned into one of Sherlock’s arms, nosing it lovingly. The nobleman gratefully undressed John, helping him out of his nightgown and underwear. He did not want to leave his servant cold or self-conscious, so Sherlock readily guided John into the bath.
“Thyme can treat sore throat, and rosemary is good for digestion, but the mixture,” John visibly swallowed, “Is said to be an aphrodisiac.”
The seriousness of Lestrade’s tone intrigued John. “Yeah?”
Say what you will about Jeeves’s taste in clothes, one must say this much: it is consistent. No coins required flipping, nor had any runners needed to be sent to distant oracles. I knew exactly what to wear to this date to put hope for the species in my man. A quiet brown suit, complete with waistcoat, and a touch of deep red around the neck were altogether my ensemble. I considered garnishing myself with a stiff homburg to really make me sparkle in Jeeves’s eyes, it being an old-fashioned piece that Jeeves adored like a nephew. Though the antique gave me pause, it was an honest hat, and I was prepared to flip it off the stand; however, it occurred to me that pulling out all the stops so early in our courtship left me with little room to dazzle in future. So the homburg was put away for a rainy day.
William was wearing his dressing gown when he drew the curtains, abating the dim light from the stars above and torches below. “I won’t have you come to my bed tonight.”
The dark moods had been replaced by a different affliction, however. John felt a constant regret that he could not promise himself entirely to Sherlock, the way that the servant had trustingly and generously devoted himself to the king. John could at least reassure himself that he would always protect Sherlock, and he would ensure that come what may, his servant was cared for.
“Oh, sorry,” Sherlock said, turning away. “I did not mean to stare.”
“I’m sorry, John,” William murmured, giving John terrible hope by offering such gentle pity. “I was afraid I’ve been asking too much of you—that you might appreciate a night alone. I see now that I was wrong.”
He took off Sherlock’s last garments tenderly, kissing soft skin everywhere it was revealed, save for the groin area; John was very certain of how he wanted the evening to progress, and he did not wish to bring Sherlock to his peak too soon.
“Oh yes!” said Sherlock, the picture of apprehension. “They could strike again!”
On reaching the cottage, he felt the violence of his grief overwhelming him again; which could only be given relief upon his instrument.
In the surrounding ground, Holmes had made very tasteful improvements; yet, such was his attachment to objects he had remembered from his boyish days, that he had in some instances sacrificed taste to sentiment. There were two old larches that shaded the building, and interrupted the prospect; Holmes had sometimes declared that he believed he should have been weak enough to have wept at their fall. In addition to these larches he planted a little grove of beech, pine, and mountain-ash. On a lofty terrace, formed by the swelling bank of the river, rose a plantation of orange, lemon, and palm-trees, whose fruit, in the coolness of evening, breathed delicious fragrance. With these were mingled a few trees of other species. Here, under the ample shade of a plane-tree, that spread its majestic canopy towards the river, Holmes loved to sit in the fine evenings of summer, with his wife and children, watching, beneath its foliage, the setting sun, the mild splendour of its light fading from the distant landscape, till the shadows of twilight melted its various features into one tint of sober grey. Here, too, he loved to read, and to converse with Madame Holmes; or to play with his children, resigning himself to the influence of those sweet affections, which are ever attendant on simplicity and nature. He has often said, while tears of pleasure trembled in his eyes, that these were moments infinitely more delightful than any passed amid the brilliant and tumultuous scenes that are courted by the world. His heart was occupied; it had, what can be so rarely said, no wish for a happiness beyond what it experienced. The consciousness of acting right diffused a serenity over his manners, which nothing else could impart to a man of moral perceptions like his, and which refined his sense of every surrounding blessing.
blue. So clear. In the summertime, you can smell the resin from the pine trees as it rises in the sun.” He paused. “And at Morgiou, you can dive to this cave. You have to dive through a long tunnel,” his fingers mimed flippers, “nearly 200 metres long, and then at the end the cave opens up and it’s above the water level. And people, people twenty-seven thousand years ago painted animals there, John, they painted deer and seals and birds and
Another gate delivered them into the second court, grass-grown, and more wild than the first, where, as he surveyed through the twilight its desolation—its lofty walls, overtopt with briony, moss and nightshade, and the embattled towers that rose above,—long-suffering and murder came to his thoughts. One of those instantaneous and unaccountable convictions, which sometimes conquer even strong minds, impressed with its horror. The sentiment was not diminished, when he entered an extensive gothic hall, obscured by the gloom of evening, which a light, glimmering at a distance through a long perspective of arches, only rendered more striking. As a servant brought the lamp nearer partial gleams fell upon the pillars and the pointed arches, forming a strong contrast with their shadows, that stretched along the pavement and the walls.
“I have a contact at the Department of Sport, if that’s more your thing than Industry,” Sherlock drawled, tapping a mobile phone against his chin. “You’d fit in well there, I expect”. Anthea’s eyes flicked up from the phone and over Sherlock, before she nodded, turned on her heel and walked off.
Some pow'r impart the spear and shield,
John smiled a goodbye at the girls, feeling as if it must be a rictus grin. He stabbed at some green beans as they depart, Mikes’ jovial “Goodnight, Molly” doing nothing to ease the tension.
'And I have made you a very unexpected return for the compliment,' said Holmes, who lamented again the rashness which had produced the accident, and explained the cause of his late alarm. But John seemed anxious only to remove from the minds of his companions every unpleasant feeling relative to himself; and, for that purpose, still struggled against a sense of pain, and tried to converse with gaiety. Sherlock meanwhile was silent.
'O yes, I see what you mean; and who does the chateau belong to?'
The scene within was scarcely less gloomy. The old servant, who had received them at the gates, now entered, bending under a load of pine-branches, while two of Moriarty's Venetian servants followed with lights.
“Of course it was. It was extraordinary. It was quite extraordinary.”
John grinned at the sparking ocean as Sherlock hopped and cursed behind him, striving to maintain the towel in the dignity-protecting area without falling over in it. “Right, Ok,” he heard Sherlock mutter to himself, as his warm trousers dropped onto John’s heels. John looked up at the sun, face hot, only to start when a hand was placed onto his shoulder. “Can’t balance in the sand,” Sherlock mumbled disconcertingly close to his ear as he shifted very close to John’s body.
Each vale romantic, tuneful every tongue,
The man smiles lazily before continuing. “I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned. We have what you might call a ... difficult relationship.”
“Kohei Uchimura of course an unstoppable force in men’s gymnastics. He’s won the past six all-around titles at the World Championships and of course the all-around gold in London four years ago for Japan. The overwhelming favourite to win this event, but showed some uncharacteristic errors in qualifying – but don’t write him off, he’s still the hot favourite here.”
'Oh, then, this it seems is a younger brother,' exclaimed his brother, 'and of course a beggar. A very fine tale indeed!’
“Ah, well, the big routine coming up, bit tense for everyone, isn’t it John?”
“Sarah,” gulped Mike, looking at Sherlock without seeing. “She’s been attacked”.
'They cannot doubt it,' replied Douglas, bowing low.
When he was gone, Sherlock again came forward, and asked who it was, that had been there to disturb him. Molly said it was the Signor-Signor Moriarty. Sherlock repeated the name after her, several times, as if he did not recollect it, and then suddenly groaned, and relapsed into abstraction.
He had no wish to reside with his uncle, M. Anderson, since the man was an idiot; and further, his behaviour to Sherlock’s late father and to himself, had been uniformly such as to convince him, that in appealing to him all that could be obtained was an exchange of oppressors.  He considered again consenting to the proposal of John for an immediate marriage, though this would give him a lawful and a generous protector; but the chief reasons which had swayed his mind against it still existed.
John cracked open one bleary eye. A shaft of grey fell half-heartedly into the room through the crack between the curtains, illuminating Bill’s cast off shoes and unmade bed. John rubbed his face against the thin pillow, yawning, listening to the gentle patter of rain on the windows.
In darkness, and in storm he found delight;
“What? I thought you didn’t have an account,” demands John.
Sherlock sat up at this pronouncement.  It was the thing which he least had wished; and though he gave his promise to his father, he felt the execution of it would be impossible.
Sieger was agitated; he made an effort to speak, and at length said in a low voice, 'I hope we shall be permitted to look down on those we have left on the earth, but I can only hope it. It is a hope which I will never resign,' continued he, while Sherlock blinked back moisture at his eyes, 'it will sweeten the bitter moments of death!' There was a pause of silence before Holmes continued on a different subject.  ‘Who touches that guitar so tastefully? are there two instruments, or is it an echo I hear?'
'This is not the conduct I should have expected from you, sir;' sputtered Mycroft 'I did not expect to see you in my house, after you had been informed, that your visits were no longer agreeable, much less, that you would seek a clandestine interview with my brother, and that he would grant one!'
, Sherlock thought.
.  Guys, it's the last chapter, and we're back where it all began at the Maracanã Stadium.  Are you ready?
in this relationship is going to win Strictly Come Dancing, I’m quite certain that it’s me.”
Sherlock listened to the mention of this journey with pleasure, for he not only expected from it new ideas, but a release from the persevering assiduities of Count Wilkes. In the country, too, he would have leisure to think of John, and to indulge the melancholy, which his image awakened. The ideal scenes were dearer, and more soothing to his heart, than all the splendour of fabulous assemblies; they were a kind of talisman that expelled the poison of temporary evils, and supported his barely acknowledged hope of happy days: they appeared like a beautiful landscape, lighted up by a gleam of sun-shine, and seen through a perspective of dark and rugged rocks.
This week's spooky castle comes to you from Zamek Mirów, Poland.
, thought John with an uneasiness he immediately tried to quash.  Victor was tall; taller even than Sherlock. His dark skin seemed to gleam against the immaculate white of his uniform. In his tailored pants and form-fitting polo, he looked like he’d stepped right out of a magazine and into John’s conversation, which had been going very well thank you very much.
'Dear sir, let me come in, I have a great deal to say,' said the poor girl.
John promptly started off into a discussion of the competition, praising Shirai’s Yurchenko entry with three and half twists, which led of course to explaining the tiebreak rule in detail (“because Shirai had the highest before the average, do you see, and…”).
'Whither have you been rambling so early?' said Monsieur Mycroft, as his brother entered the breakfast-room. 'I do not approve of these solitary walks;' and Sherlock was surprised, when, having informed Mycroft, that he had been no further than the gardens, he understood these to be included in the reproof. 'I desire you will not walk there again at so early an hour unattended,' said Monsieur Mycroft; 'my gardens are very extensive; and a young man, who can make assignations by moon-light, at Bakersfield, is not to be trusted to his own inclinations elsewhere.'
(See the end of the chapter for
John swallowed, clutching the towel protectively. “Sun cream?” he offered finally.
“Sherlock, I…” John begins as the lift pings for the fifth floor, John sticking his hand out to hold the doors open. “I like your parents,” he volunteers eventually, which is, at least, true. “They seem so…” and he looks at Sherlock, alien and special and wonderful; and continues “…ordinary.”
His knock is answered by John’s roommate, the one who John (ever so satisfyingly) beat in the pommel horse final. Bill looks at Sherlock for a long moment, then steps back and opens the door.
Sherlock's spirits were somewhat calmed by this explanation, which seemed to be honestly given to Molly. 'But why did he desire I would come alone, Molly?' said he.
Holmes was refreshed by the shades, and they continued to saunter under them, following, as nearly as they could guess, the direction of the road, till they perceived that they had totally lost it. They had continued near the brow of the precipice, allured by the scenery it exhibited, while the road wound far away over the cliff above. John called loudly to Michael, but heard no voice, except his own, echoing among the rocks, and his various efforts to regain the road were equally unsuccessful. While they were thus circumstanced, they perceived a shepherd's cabin, between the boles of the trees at some distance, and John bounded on first to ask assistance. When he reached it, he saw only two little children, at play, on the turf before the door. He looked into the hut, but no person was there, and the eldest of the girls told him that their father was with his flocks, and their mother was gone down into the vale, but would be back presently.
Sherlock, as he entered the pavillion, was sensible of the features of this scene only as they served to bring John more immediately to his mind. 'Ah!' said he, with a heavy sigh, as he threw himself into a chair by the window, 'how often have we sat together in this spot—often have looked upon that landscape! Never, never more shall we view it together—never—never more, perhaps, shall we look upon each other!'
'A picture!' exclaimed Sherlock, and shuddered.
“Poor blossom,” said Sherlock lightly, on eye level with John in the water.
“And you reckon he’s eighth now?”
Upon his return to the house, Sherlock lighted a fire in the stove of the chamber, where Holmes used to sleep. Having fastened the door to prevent interruption, he opened the closet where the papers were concealed. There was a great chair in one corner of the closet, and, opposite to it, stood the table, at which he had seen his father sit, on the evening that preceded his departure, looking over, with so much emotion, what Sherlock believed to be these very papers.
“Oh you know, the usual. Finish my degree. Hopefully make a few bucks going on Saturday Kitchen. As long as I can avoid going on I’m a Celebrity, Get Me out of Here, I’ll be winning, I think,” Sarah laughs.
Towards his chamber he now hastened, as fast as his steps would bear him, for he still perceived the sounds of confusion at a distance, and he endeavoured, by taking his way through some obscure rooms, to avoid encountering the persons, whose looks had terrified him before, as well as those parts of the castle, where the tumult might still rage.
By the directions which Holmes had given him, Sherlock readily found the board he had described in an opposite corner of the closet, near the window; he distinguished also the line he had mentioned, and, pressing it as he had been bade, it slid down, and disclosed the bundle of papers, together with some scattered ones, and the purse of louis. With a trembling hand he removed them, and his eye settled on the writing of some loose sheets, which lay open; and he was unconscious, that he was transgressing his father's strict injunction, till a sentence of dreadful import awakened his attention and his memory together.
Sherlock straightened up and stepped away. Dazzled, John’s eyes followed as Sherlock vanished into a sea of blue and white jackets. John followed him into the stadium, into a cacophony of applause, into a dazzle of camera flashes and mobile phone screens, into the beginning of the end of his career. The Games of the 31
Sherlock, without replying, immediately left the room, with a mingled emotion of pity and contempt, and hastened to his own, where he yielded to the mournful reflections, which a knowledge of his brother’s situation had occasioned. The conversation of the Italian with John, in France, again occurred to him. His hints, respecting the broken fortunes of Moriarty, were now completely justified; those, also, concerning his character, appeared not less so, though the particular circumstances, connected with his fame, to which the stranger had alluded, yet remained to be explained. Notwithstanding, that his own observations and the words of Count Wilkes had convinced him, that Moriarty's situation was not what it formerly appeared to be, the intelligence he had just received from Mycroft on this point, struck with great interest, when he considered the present style of Moriarty's living, the number of servants he maintained, and the new expences he was incurring, by repairing and fortifying his castle. Sherlock’s anxiety for his brother and for himself increased with reflection. Several assertions of Wilkes, which, on the preceding night, he had believed were prompted either by interest, or by resentment, now returned to his mind with the strength of truth. He could not doubt, that Moriarty had formerly agreed to give him to the Count, for a pecuniary reward;—his character, and his distressed circumstances justified the belief; these, also, seemed to confirm Wilkes's assertion, that he now designed to dispose of Sherlock, more advantageously for himself, to a richer suitor.
“Here, mate, reckon you could use this.”
You may have also noticed that the chapter count went up.  This is because I can't count, it seems.  But: more sports!
The eldest of these was a tall man, with strong Italian features, an aquiline nose, and dark penetrating eyes, that flashed with fire, when his mind was agitated, and, even in its state of rest, retained somewhat of the wildness of the passions. His visage was long and narrow, and his complexion of a sickly yellow.
'You are a terrible liar,' replied his brother.  'Merciful God! what is it they mean to do with us?'
“And this is my oldest son,” Violet continues, pointing at the overbearing dickhead. John nods his head jerkily as the introduction of “Mycroft Holmes” in perfect, plummy diction falls into his brain.
“Look at what John’s given me, Sherlock,” says Sieger, hand full of pins once again. “This one’s from Norway, look.”
John looks at Sherlock for a moment, hands on his knees as he sits on the bed. “Right.” He gets up, walks past Sherlock and out the bedroom door.
“Why?” asked John mulishly.
A freshly washed and dressed John made his way into the lounge, eyeing off the steaming kettle with pleasure. A new mug sat next to it, complete with teabag, he noted approvingly. John poured in the water, poured in the UHT milk (can’t have everything) from the teeny little plastic doohickey with the minimum of fuss, and stirred, feeling as if all was well with the world, despite the rude start to his day.
John raised his left eyebrow
And Victor's observation to John? "Love, smoke and a cough are hard to hide", which is an wonderful French proverb.  We totally need it in the English language.
The rhythmic gymnastics team was standing in a tight huddle.  Molly was there, one down, excellent. Sarah and Mary next to her, phones out above the crowd. Soo Lin looking collected, Anthea staring at the screen of her phone; five from five, then.
Would there be chaos in the hive, if a bee deviated from its role? Sherlock was not certain, but he knew there would be consequences. A bee served its purpose, as would Sherlock, and King John. They could not go outside their roles in life.
The future loomed ominously in the distance before Sherlock, who knew that pharaohs were simply not meant to marry common men, but whatever happened, he and John had exchanged vows of loyalty and devotion, and that was what mattered now.
It was awfully, ruthlessly unfair. John could hardly control himself when his servant was so happy and beautiful.
“No, Sherlock, you just sit there. I’ll be driving. I’ve driven more horses than this at a time.”
You’re thoughts have gone to that person whom you truly wish to be spending this evening with, I perceive. I suggest that there is a different prospective dance partner on your mind. My brother Mycroft—
That was truly incredible, Mr. Holmes.
It couldn’t be true, but John worried that he had betrayed Sherlock, or had failed him somehow. It was more than a draft in the chapel that made John hold himself, and shiver slightly, but then he saw the worry in Sherlock’s eyes. John said quietly, “I’m fine, don’t give me your coat, again, really.” When he had visited him in that church in John’s town, Sherlock had always been quick to offer the other man his coat when John seemed cold, or even if he did not, because Sherlock had always been a gentleman to him.
“My master,” Sherlock said again, softly, as another tear fell down his face, “my master loves me.”
A modest, unassuming voice asked, “Really?”
WATSON
Sherlock smiled, and stood up from the bed so he could undress himself for John. His royal dressing gown fell to the floor, revealing only one more layer of clothing. Respectfully, John stared at his own hands. Sherlock gently touched John’s chin and lifted it so his beloved could see everything. “It’s all right, John.”
“I would like to help.”
He ripened like a tomato under that last endearment.
That soldier had left him, and now William kept him away, but John would always have this horse. He clutched the toy close, and shut his eyes tightly, fending off tears.
He could feel his master start to reach his peak. “Sherlock, I’m…” the king warned, though he soon lost his voice to pleasure.
Affected by Sherlock’s words, perhaps surprised by the earnestness of the repeated question, the now shirtless king placed the jar to the side and again leaned close to Sherlock, bringing a rush of heat to the servant’s cheeks.
LESTRADE
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.”
SHERLOCK
They eventually had to break for air. The king took to kissing Sherlock repeatedly, which the servant very much enjoyed. “My treasure,” King John murmured, in between kisses, “my own.”
Full of wonder and renewed hope, Sherlock mumbled, “S-Sir?”
This was where the script read: Tense silence.
Best for whom? He wanted to see you, and you want… something, from him.
Carefully, Sherlock opened the door to the king’s quarters. The room was lit by a single candle, which rested on the table between the two chairs. Sherlock was certain the candle had not been lit before. He saw that there was a figure on the bed, facing the other direction. It seemed the blanket was being held, rather than being used as a cover.
If you would, John.
King John seemed thoughtful for a moment, slowly running his hand through his smooth hair. Sherlock had the urge to touch that hair, to learn just how smooth it was. Before Sherlock was done studying that hair as best he could from where he sat, however, the king spoke. “The tournament will be over soon. I left trustworthy advisors to oversee things in my kingdom in my absence, but I must eventually return to my people. I will make the journey along with a convoy of other nobles and merchants. I don’t think it would be too much trouble if you travelled with us. Plus, it never hurts to have another useful pair of hands on the road.”
“Yeah, she’s a bit into it, isn’t she?” John said in relief. “What’s that all about?”
After some time, however, Sherlock spoke of his father, and gave a brief account of the manner of his death; during which recital John's countenance betrayed strong emotion, and, when he heard that Holmes had died on the road, and that Sherlock had been left among strangers, he pressed Sherlock’s hand between his, and involuntarily exclaimed, 'Why was I not there!' but in the next moment recollected himself, for he immediately returned to the mention of M. Holmes; till, perceiving that Sherlock’s spirits were exhausted, John suggested they walk about; and gradually changed the subject, and spoke of himself. Sherlock thus learned that, after they had parted, John had wandered, for some time, along the shores of the Mediterranean, and had then returned through Languedoc into Gascony, which was his native province, and where he usually resided.
In a lovely long chapter, Sherlock & John have an excursion, investigations continue, and Sherlock makes a deduction.
From the steps, they proceeded through a passage, adjoining the vaults, the walls of which were dropping with unwholesome dews, and the vapours, that crept along the ground, made the torch burn so dimly, that Sherlock expected every moment to see it extinguished, and Barnardine could scarcely find his way. As they advanced, these vapours thickened, and Barnardine, believing the torch was expiring, stopped for a moment to trim it. As he then rested against a pair of iron gates, that opened from the passage, Sherlock saw, by uncertain flashes of light, the vaults beyond, and, near him, heaps of earth, that seemed to surround an open grave. Such an object, in such a scene, would, at any time, have disturbed him; but now he was shocked by an instantaneous deduction, that this was the grave of his brother, and that the treacherous Barnardine was leading him to destruction. The obscure and terrible place, to which he had conducted him, seemed to justify the thought; it was a place suited for murder, a receptacle for the dead, where a deed of horror might be committed, and no vestige appear to proclaim it. Sherlock was so overwhelmed with terror, that, for a moment, he was unable to determine what conduct to pursue. He then considered, that it would be vain to attempt an escape from Barnardine, by flight, since the length and the intricacy of the way he had passed would soon enable him to be overtaken by the porter, who was better acquainted with the turnings, and who carried the only light. Sherlock feared equally to irritate him by a disclosure of his suspicions, which a refusal to accompany him further certainly would do; and, since he was already as much in his power as it was possible he could be, if he proceeded, he, at length, determined to suppress, as far as he could, the appearance of apprehension, and to follow silently whither he designed to lead. Pale with horror and anxiety, he now waited till Barnardine had trimmed the torch, and, as his sight glanced again upon the grave, he could not forbear enquiring, for whom it was prepared. Barnardine took his eyes from the torch, and fixed them upon Sherlock’s face without speaking. He repeated the question, but the man moved on; and Sherlock followed to a second flight of steps, having ascended which, a door delivered them into the first court of the castle. As they crossed it, the light shewed the high black walls around them, fringed with long grass and dank weeds, that found a scanty soil among the mouldering stones; the heavy buttresses, with, here and there, between them, a narrow grate, that admitted a freer circulation of air to the court, the massy iron gates, that led to the castle, whose clustering turrets appeared above, and, opposite, the huge towers and arch of the portal itself. In this scene the large, uncouth person of Barnardine, bearing the torch, formed a characteristic figure. This Barnardine was wrapt in a long dark cloak, which scarcely allowed the kind of half-boots, or sandals, that were laced upon his legs, to appear, and shewed only the point of a broad sword, which he usually wore, slung in a belt across his shoulders. On his head was a heavy flat velvet cap, somewhat resembling a turban, in which was a short feather; the visage beneath it shewed strong features, and a countenance furrowed with the lines of cunning and darkened by habitual discontent.
“Alright mate?” said John, knocking a friendly elbow in Mike’s side.
“Anderson, don’t talk out loud. You lower the IQ of the whole stadium,” said the plummy voice. John struggled not to snort.
“I think so, still China, Ukraine and Russia to come later on this afternoon, but they’re not strong floor nations so I think Mike Stamford should book a finals place. Pommel horse now – John Watson in fourth place behind the strong scores of the American and Japanese gymnasts, and Bill Murray will also make the top eight here. Horizontal bar, no Brits here but strong performances from Team USA again and Fabian Hambuechen, the German taking out the top spot. Vault, Henry Knight right up there, Russians and Ukraine still to come, both strong vaulting nations, but Knight has done enough at his first Olympics to make the finals.”
'You have murdered my brother, then!' said Sherlock, in a hollow and inward voice—'I am talking with a murderer!' Barnardine stood silent; while Sherlock turned from him, and attempted to leave the place.
From the contemplation of this scene, Sherlock's mind proceeded to the apprehension of what he might suffer in it, till the remembrance of John, far, far distant! came to his heart, and softened it into sorrow. A heavy sigh escaped him: but, trying to conceal his emotion, he walked away to one of the high windows, that opened upon the ramparts, below which, spread the woods he had passed in the approach to the castle. But the night-shade sat deeply on the mountains beyond, and their indented outline alone could be faintly traced on the horizon, where a red streak yet glimmered in the west. The valley between was sunk in darkness.
Matt (?) held him lightly by the elbow and pivoted him 180 degrees, without any apparent effort at all. “Off in a world of your own mate. Here, John wants you.”  With the kind of smile that was obviously meant to be helpful, he pointed out over the surface of the water to where a blond head was bobbing, arm just dropping down to the surface of the water now he was sure Sherlock had seen him.
No trouble at all, truly.
It was just as blissful to hold John afterward. There would be plenty of time to clean up later, hopefully with one of those private baths he loved to share with his beloved, though for now Sherlock was satisfied to lie with John, experiencing the happiness he felt every time he was graced with John’s presence.
John laughed, intensifying William’s temptation to a still greater level. “It’s a brilliant bribe, m’lord.”
Sherlock snorted bitterly, in a way that reminded John of William, though there was an unmistakable quaver in the normally confident voice. “Montgomery? He is a failure, he is cowardly and conceited and…” John rubbed Sherlock’s shoulder, and the bitterness fell away. “He was my best friend.”
I was simply attempting to determine how one dances.
Perhaps, Doctor Watson, it is because I am a detective.
John asked, “Did you learn anything from my feet?”
John laughed. “Oh, Sherlock, I’m not too noble for that. I was just too busy thinking about you to bother listening to them.”
John didn’t know what to say. “Sherlock,” he began, though he couldn’t manage to continue from there. Should he tell Sherlock that he meant those words? It would be cruel to let the servant know how much he was loved by a king who would someday have to leave him for the sake of duty, and yet, John wanted Sherlock to know how deeply cherished he was.
A glance was shared between them, a brief reminder that this day had not been an illusion, that they were brothers for good, and then they each returned to their own quiet corner of castle.
“It’s good to see you, John. I’m glad you found the place all right.”
John’s reaction was wonderful. He stilled for a moment and then found his euphoria, trembling and then relaxing in Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock still held him, quietly bringing himself off as he admired his beloved.
Sherlock makes no reply, but just changes the leg in the stretch.
Sherlock knew indeed, that his brother had little reason to love Moriarty, but could scarcely have believed Mycroft capable of such perfect apathy, as he now displayed towards his husband; having obtained permission, however, for Molly to sleep in his chamber, he went thither immediately.
Sherlock is still staring at the trifle, now looking personally affronted that the glass is not big enough to drown himself in. John loses his fight to get his lips under control and attempts to smother his giggle under the back of his hand.
“Gymnastics,” supplied John. “Artistic,” he clarified after a beat.
The stranger repeated his apology, and Sherlock then said something in reply, when the stranger eagerly advancing, exclaimed, 'Good God! can it be—surely I am not mistaken—the young Monsieur Holmes?—is it not?'
Sherlock interrupted her; 'Have you heard no other music since you came to the castle—none last night?'
:(  Oh dear.
“Ok, done,” came the call from behind him, and John let go of one corner of the towel, pulling it up in his arms as he turned. The “See, easy?” died on his lips, mouth suddenly desiccated. Sherlock was standing in the purple trunks, very, very close. His pale skin was almost reflective in the bright sun, broken only by the pink of his nipples and small trail of dark hair leading down to the front of the swimwear that clung to the top of Sherlock’s thighs.
'All conversation on this subject is worse than useless’, said Sherlock impatiently ‘since it can bring only pain to each of us: if you would oblige me, pursue it no farther.'
The carriage again moved slowly on; Michael following the peasants up the lane, which Sherlock had just quitted, till they came to the moon-light glade. Holmes's spirits were so far restored by the courtesy of his host, and the near prospect of repose, that he looked with a sweet complacency upon the moon-light scene, surrounded by the shadowy woods, through which, here and there, an opening admitted the streaming splendour, discovering a cottage, or a sparkling rivulet. He listened to the merry notes of the guitar and tamborine with a calm complacency.
The deep stillness, that succeeded, was as expressive as the strain that had just ceased. It was uninterrupted for several minutes, till a general sigh seemed to release the company from their enchantment. Sherlock, however, long indulged the pleasing sadness, that had stolen upon her spirits; but the gay and busy scene that appeared, as the barge approached St. Mark's Place, at length roused her attention. The rising moon, which threw a shadowy light upon the terraces, and illumined the porticos and magnificent arcades that crowned them, discovered the various company, whose light steps, soft guitars, and softer voices, echoed through the colonnades.
There’s a big flutter amongst his parents as Sherlock walks out, holding a bright yellow ball and dressed in a deep purple unitard which opens with a deep V on his chest and stops just at the top of his thigh, exposing miles of long, milk white leg. John blinks a bit, and then the music starts.
In an instant John had reached them, bowed lowly to Monsieur Mycroft, and gave an earnest and dejected look to Sherlock, who had managed to assume an air of more than common reserve. The presence of Monsieur Mycroft prevented John from remaining, and he passed on with a countenance, whose melancholy reproached Sherlock for having increased it. Sherlock was called from the musing fit, into which he had fallen, by the Count Bauvillers, who was known to his brother.
“Yes,” says Sherlock, “but also No.”
'There is some truth in that,' said Sherlock, who would now have concluded it was Morstan's music, which he had heard, on the preceding night, had he not known, that she had neither taste, or skill in the art. But, though he was unwilling to add to the number of Molly's surprises, by mentioning the subject of his own, she enquired, whether any person in the castle played on a musical instrument?
Moriarty despised the greater part of these for the inferiority of their talents, rather than for their vicious inclinations, and associated with them only to make them the instruments of his purposes. Among these, however, were some of superior abilities, and a few whom Moriarty admitted to his intimacy, but even towards these he still preserved a decisive and haughty air, which, while it imposed submission on weak and timid minds, roused the fierce hatred of strong ones. He had, of course, many and bitter enemies; but the rancour of their hatred proved the degree of his power; and, as power was his chief aim, he gloried more in such hatred, than it was possible he could in being esteemed.
As he returned towards his chamber, Sherlock began to fear, that he might again lose himself in the intricacies of the castle, and, though he was already perplexed by the numerous turnings, he feared to open one of the many doors that offered. While he stepped thoughtfully along, he fancied, that he heard a low moaning at no great distance, and, having paused a moment, heard it again and distinctly. Several doors appeared on the right hand of the passage. Sherlock advanced, and listened. When he came to the second, he heard a voice, apparently in complaint, within, to which he continued to listen, afraid to open the door, and unwilling to leave it. Convulsive sobs followed, and then the piercing accents of an agonizing spirit burst forth. Sherlock stood appalled, and looked through the gloom, that surrounded him, in fearful expectation. He set down the lamp in the passage and gently opened the door, within which all was dark, except that from an inner apartment a partial light appeared; and he stepped softly on. Before he reached it, the appearance of Mycroft, leaning on his dressing-table, weeping, and with a handkerchief held to his eyes, struck Sherlock, and he paused.
'Who, I!—No, I never did. But this morning,' continued Molly, lowering her voice, and looking round the room, 'this morning, as it was broad daylight, do you know, ma'am, I took a strange fancy to see it, as I had heard such odd hints about it, and I got as far as the door, and should have opened it, if it had not been locked!'
“Er, I’ll just wait out the front?” John says pointedly. “So you can say goodbye to your family?”  John gets a good luck hug from Violet, a handshake from Sieger, and a nod from Mycroft.
The horrible roommate had done well. 15.833. Very well. But John could do better, he had scored higher.
“What do the doctors say? I heard this morning that there wasn’t a break, so that’s good, isn’t it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock calmly said,
Sherlock’s expression shifted from defensive to lost. “OK, so, you wrap your towel around your waist and under the towel, you shimmy out of your clothes” he wiggled demonstratively, looking to see that Sherlock was following; “Then, you step into your trunks and you shimmy them up”, he finished, miming pulling up pants.
“Thanks Mary,” he said, handing over the phone. “Glad you’re… keeping well. Good luck with those, er, Kundry catches!” he called, jogging after Sherlock, who was striding towards the door without a backwards glance.
. God, when will this blighted performance be over? This hateful show is meant to be fun, fun for the crowd with all the athletes and ‘entertainment’ on display, and fun for the athletes with no scoring to worry about.
“Oh, bugger,” says Lestrade, face falling. John looks at his coach as he thinks, brain clearly as fuzzy as his face. “Oh,” he says again, before his face suddenly reassembles into something approaching normal. “Righto,” Lestrade barks, wincing; “coming through!” and marches John out of the building.
Sherlock, as he listened, caught the pensive enthusiasm; his mind bore him far away to France and to John. Each succeeding sonnet, more full of charming sadness than the last, seemed to bind the spell of melancholy: with extreme regret he saw the musicians move on, and his attention followed the strain till the last faint warble died in air.
are pretty spartan.  I've stayed in fancier backpacker joints.
I am having dinner with my parents and brother. There are no chips on the menu. This does not qualify as ‘celebrating’. SH
“John? John!” Sherlock paces after John, who is marching out of the apartment and into the hallway, ignoring Mike and Bill’s heads swivelling to follow them both out.
he hears no music;
'Nor has he done so, I hope, sir,' said Sherlock sharply, 'The affairs of M. de Motteville may, I trust, yet be settled without deeply injuring his creditors, and in the meantime I should be very happy to remain at Bakersfield.'
As he drew near the landing-place, upon which the upper chamber opened, he remembered, that the door was formerly fastened, and apprehended, that it might still be so. In this expectation, however, he was mistaken; for the door opened at once, into a dusky and silent chamber, round which he looked with apprehension, and then slowly advanced, when a hollow voice spoke. Sherlock, who was unable to speak, or to move from the spot, uttered no sound of terror. The voice spoke again; and, then, thinking that it resembled that of Monsieur Mycroft, Sherlock's spirits were instantly roused; he rushed towards a bed, that stood in a remote part of the room, and drew aside the curtains. Within, appeared a pale and emaciated face. He started back, then again advanced, shuddered as he took up the skeleton hand, that lay stretched upon the quilt; then let it drop, and then viewed the face with a long, unsettled gaze. It was that of Mycroft, though so changed by illness, that the resemblance of what it had been, could scarcely be traced in what it now appeared. He was still alive, and, raising heavy eyes, he turned them on his younger brother.
Choice made, John jogs around the rear of the stadium, eyes peeled for a Team GB uniform, but luck is not with him. Just empty concrete. “Fuck,” John mutters mulishly, kicking a demountable trailer parked up against the stadium wall for good measure. Its sheet metal sides send out a satisfying reverberation of sound, but the impact on his toe is less gratifying. “Ow, fuck!” he says again, this time with a grunt of pain.
Mycroft makes a humming sound. “Sure to be a big sensation back at home, don’t you think? Young man, very handsome, Britain’s first ever gymnastics gold medal, goodness me he might even make it two, he’d be a ‘hot property’, don’t you think?”
Further terror, mayhem and mystery at Musgrovio in the form of unwanted visitors.
A servant now appeared with Molly, and conducted Sherlock to his chamber, which was in a remote part of the castle, and at the very end of the corridor, from whence the suite of apartments opened, through which they had been wandering. The lonely aspect of his room made Sherlock unwilling that Molly should leave immediately, and the dampness of it chilled him with more than fear. Sherlock directed Caterina, the servant of the castle, to bring some wood and light a fire.
From the disturbed slumber, into which he then sunk, he was soon awakened by a noise, which seemed to arise within his own chamber; but the silence, that prevailed, as he fearfully listened, inclined him to believe, that the most rational explanation was that he had been alarmed by such sounds as sometimes occur in dreams, and thus comforted, he laid his head again upon the pillow.
'Come,' said Sebastian, 'let us go to our posts—the moon is setting.'
At this moment, Sherlock's dislike of Count Wilkes rose to abhorrence. That he should, with undaunted assurance, thus pursue him, notwithstanding all Sherlock had expressed on the subject of his addresses, and think, as it was evident he did, that Sherlock’s opinion of him was of no consequence, so long as his pretensions were sanctioned by Moriarty, added indignation to the disgust which he had felt towards the Count. It appeared that Moriarty was to be of the party, who seated himself on one side of Sherlock, while Wilkes placed himself on the other. Sherlock sat mutely and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Obvious, John,” replied Sherlock curtly. “They dominate this sport”.
As Sherlock drew near the apartment, in which Moriarty sat with his guests, he heard them in earnest and loud dispute, and he paused, listening. In the next, their voices sunk all together; after some moments of fruitless listening, Sherlock then ventured to open the door, and, while Moriarty turned hastily and looked at him, Sherlock delivered his message.
Flings to the hollow gale its sullen sound.
'Count Wilkes,' said Sherlock, ‘though you are a fool, pray listen to reason. You have equally misplaced your love, and your hatred.—I never could have returned your affection, and certainly have never encouraged it; neither has Signor Moriarty injured you, for you must have known, that he had no right to dispose of my hand, had he even possessed the power to do so. Leave, then, leave the castle, while you may with safety. Spare yourself the dreadful consequences of Moriarty’s revenge, and the remorse of having prolonged to me these moments of suffering.'
“There’s mushrooms in it,” replied Sherlock defensively.
'Nay, that is more than I can do. I only know that the Signor is just come home in a very ill humour, that he has had us all called out of our beds, and tells us we are all to leave Venice immediately.'
On Molly's appearance, however, he enquired, concerning these strangers; and the former was as eager to tell, as Sherlock was to learn.
“Where were you stashing that, then?” John demands through his laughter, turning the cushion over in his hands. “Incredible,” he says, looking at Sherlock. “Amazing.”
John raises the teacup to his lips, but the beverage nearly comes to grief again as his elbow is jostled by a tall man in a pale-coloured three-piece suit. “Oh, pardon me,” the man says, simperingly officious, “my apologies.”
thought John.
Sherlock’s made an indistinct noise, reply muffled inside his hoodie as he pulled it over his head. “Something like that, yes… John?”
In the meantime I entreat you will take care of Mrs. Hudson.
When the sentinel was gone, he opened it again, listened with a gloomy pleasure to the distant thunder, that began to murmur among the mountains, and watched the arrowy lightnings, which broke over the remoter scene. The pealing thunder rolled onward, and then, reverbed by the mountains, other thunder seemed to answer from the opposite horizon; while the accumulating clouds, entirely concealing the moon, assumed a red sulphureous tinge, that foretold a violent storm.
'Well! my good Molly, the people who tell such stories, are happy in having you for an auditor, for I perceive you believe them all.'
On the following day Count Wilkes dined again at Moriarty's. He was in an uncommon flow of spirits, and Sherlock thought there was somewhat of exultation in his manner of addressing him, which he had never observed before. He endeavoured to repress this by more than usual reserve, but the cold civility of his air now seemed rather to encourage than to depress the Count. He appeared watchful of an opportunity of speaking with Sherlock alone, and more than once solicited this; but Sherlock always replied, that he could hear nothing from the Count which he would be unwilling to repeat before the whole company.
“Oh! A pity!”
He gazed at him for a moment in speechless affright, while Wilkes threw himself upon the bed at Sherlock, who scrambled back in haste, drawing himself upright against the bedpost.  Wilkes besought Sherlock to fear nothing, and, having thrown down his sword, clung to Sherlock’s leg, thankfully clad still in the sturdy breeches, which surely a kind of prophetic apprehension had prevented him, on this night, from throwing aside.
'How contradictory is this, Molly!' said Sherlock, 'you say nothing has been since known of her, and yet she has been seen!'
John’s grin returned full force. “Great! Just let me grab my things, yeah?” John padded off, veering around athletes and furniture, water still beading on his back
'Nothing probably upon this subject, but what I see,' said Sherlock. Molly frowned and began to talk upon some idle topic – the regattas of Venice.
'It is my will that you remain here,' said Moriarty, laying his hand on the door to go; 'let that suffice you.'
“Oh my, would you look at that,” Mycroft says in an utterly unsurprised tone, holding his phone up for Sherlock’s inspection.  “Footage of Ryan Lochte vandalizing a petrol station has come to light, how interesting.”
“You’ve met him. How many ‘friends’ do you imagine he has? I am the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having.”
Thus the hours passed in solitude, in silence, and in anxious conjecturing. Being not once disturbed by a message, or a sound, it appeared, that Moriarty had wholly forgotten him, and it gave him some comfort to find, that he could be so unnoticed. Molly did not appear; Sherlock was alarmed for her, to whom in the confusion of the late scene, various accidents might have befallen. Sherlock endeavoured to withdraw his thoughts from the anxiety, that preyed upon them, but they refused controul; he could neither read, or draw, and the tones of the violin were so utterly discordant with the present state of his feelings, that he could not endure them for a moment.
A gleam of moonlight that fell upon Wilkes's countenance, revealed the strong emotions of his soul; and, glancing on Moriarty discovered the dark resentment, which contrasted his features.
“Mmm, I think some of the prisoners were beheaded,” Sherlock replies carelessly, not looking up from the phone.
(16:56).  His
A charm so suited to my mind,
(See the end of the chapter for
'And are you, indeed, so simple, Molly,' said Sherlock, smiling at this curious exaggeration of the circumstances he had witnessed, 'as to credit these stories?'
Sherlock opened his mouth, frowning. “Shhh, they’re starting” said John, enjoying the grimace on Sherlock’s face and turning to focus his attention to the floor, where Team GB had assumed their starting position.
“Yes. Maybe.”
Sherlock was amused to hear him talk of being tempted to remain abroad, after he had mentioned his presence to be so necessary at Paris, that it was with difficulty he could steal away for a month or two; but for his father, the possibility that these projected improvements might be deferred, gave him a hope, that they might never take place.
Mummy is still enthusiastically clapping the Chinese tumblers when, sure as a compass needle, Sherlock is drawn to a small figure in blue hovering at the sides of the arena floor.  Then the tumblers are walking off and John is walking up to the parallel bars, and the announcer is calling out John’s name, reminding everyone that he is a double gold medallist. They neglect to mention the bronze, because they are clearly incompetent. The crowd is applauding warmly, particularly, Sherlock thinks with a scowl, the female portions of it. God knows, even his mother is sitting on the edge of her seat.
John flushed, not so happily this time. “#runbabyrun #shakennotstirred. And then a whole bunch of emojis,” he muttered, tapping the phone against his knee.
I like to imagine the monastery where Sherlock stays as something like this, the Abbey of Saint-Martin-du-Canigou which is in the Pyrenees near the Spanish border.  As well as being geographically appropriate and stunningly scenic, it seems to fit for a lot of reasons: St
On the following day Mycroft, being alone with Sherlock, introduced the mention of Count Wilkes, by expressing his surprise, that Sherlock had not joined the party on the water the preceding evening, and at his abrupt departure to Venice. Sherlock then related what had passed, expounded on what he called a ‘mutual mistake’ that had occurred between Moriarty and himself, and solicited his brother’s offices in urging him to give a decisive denial to the count's further addresses; but he soon perceived, that Mycroft had not been ignorant of the late conversation, when he introduced the present.
Gymnasts are coming up with new moves (called 'skills') all the time.  When they successfully execute a new skill in international competition, it is named after them in the official scoring guide, the Code of Points.  Rio saw a
'You never saw it, then?' said Sherlock.
'I will deny all this, for no words of mine ever imported it.'
about
Of charms which nature to her vot'ry yields!
Sherlock smiled; a slow crinkle of his face that seemed soft and genuine. “Bonne nouvelle, Victor. The very best.”
After a league and a half more, passed in darkness, the travellers arrived at Beaujeu, and drove up to the only inn the place afforded; which, though superior to any they had seen since they entered the mountains, was bad enough.
'Alas!' exclaimed Douglas, surveying Monsieur Mycroft with affected ecstasy, 'how vain is that assertion, while that face—that shape—that air—combine to refute it! Unhappy Watson! his discernment has been his destruction.'
Have a bit of Venice at dawn:
“Hey! Sarah!” said John
, he tells himself as the minibus bumps up the fancy driveway.
'Fly!' cried Sherlock, 'fly! we cannot open the door.'
TITANIA.  If you will patiently dance in our round,
My heart untravell'd still shall turn to thee.
Holmes thankfully accepted his offer, and they set out together, the young men on foot, for John refused the invitation of Holmes to take a seat in his little carriage.
“Liar,” said Sherlock, without any doubt, as the video stopped.
, even just in that one movement. Why had he ever stopped doing ballet? John wondered fleetingly.
“Wow, government, cool,” said John.
“Here,” said John, picking the medal up again and holding it out to Sarah. “Do you want to have a go?”
Molly came almost breathless to Sherlock's apartment in the morning. 'O sir!' said she, in broken sentences, 'what news I have to tell! I have found out who the prisoner is—but she was no prisoner, neither;—she that was shut up in the chamber I told you of. I must think her a ghost, forsooth!'
When he had concluded his little narrative, he sunk into a silence, which Sherlock was not disposed to interrupt, and it continued, till they reached the gate of the chateau, when he stopped, as if he had known this to be the limit of his walk. Here, saying, that it was his intention to return to Estuviere on the following day, John asked Sherlock if he would permit him to take his leave in the morning; and Sherlock, perceiving that he could not reject an ordinary civility, without expressing by refusal an expectation of something more, was compelled to answer in a conventional way, that he should be at home.
It was late when Holmes and Sherlock retired to their room, and John to his station at the door. Sherlock was somewhat surprised to find in his room volumes of Homer, Horace, and Petrarch; but the name of Watson, written in them, told him to whom they belonged.
lie,” Sherlock said, the twitch of a smile on his face as he looked down at John.
'Offence!' interrupted Moriarty—'Count, this language is ridiculous, this submission is childish!—speak as becomes a nobleman, not as the slave of a pretty tyrant.'
“Fuck! Fuck!” John scrambled upright and against the corner of the bed, peering into the gloom. “Sherlock?!”
He was silent a moment, as if considering, and then said,—
Sherlock gazed on the plane-tree, and then seated himself, for the last time, on the bench under its shade, where he had so often sat with his parents, and where, only a few hours before, he had conversed with John, at the remembrance of whom, a mingled sensation of esteem, tenderness and anxiety rose in his breast. John had declared his love; but Mycroft’s words taunted him; perhaps it was indeed all a romantic fantasy. It would be a cruelty to John to allow him to bind himself to Sherlock; who was so unsuited for the world.
