, Dean wants to say, heart beating so hard and fast in his chest that it’s making him feel like a goddamn cartoon character.
“Hello, Dean.”
. “So, uh, why don’t you tell me what your normal eating habits are like, and we can start from there.”
He picks a nearby group—a couple of Charlie’s kids rehearsing in front of a handful of his, who are sitting cross-legged in front of them, sketching furiously—and after about forty minutes of sketching, has moved onto shading when Charlie knocks him gently with her shoulder to get his attention.
“Sure,” Castiel says, glancing at Dean as he gets to his feet and grabs his backpack, following Sam out to the hallway.
“‘Looking for love in all the wrong places?’” Sam reads, tapping the screen to keep it lit. “‘Have you tried the dance floor?’”
But Dean barely hears him, singing loud and raucous and probably more off-key than he’d intended but this is
If it means Dean will keep talking to him, then yes, Cas is pretty sure he wants to hear all about his problems, but he decides to keep that thought to himself. Instead, he settles for an awkward but earnest, “You listened to mine that first night. I’m happy to return the favor.”
“Cheater!” Kevin yells as Gordon sprints toward the tiny dinner table. “Chuck, he cheated!”
When Cas invites Dean over to his apartment for a movie, he’d been expecting Oliver to be cute, maybe act as a conversation starter for the first few minutes, but the last thing he’d been ready for was to have to deal with the very real possibility that Dean might actually like his cat more than him.
“Are you okay?” he repeats, softer this time.
“Jesus Christ,” Dean mutters, sinking back deeper into the couch and tipping his latest bottle back.
Dean laughs again, and Cas decides that he'd like to spend most of this night trying to make Dean laugh as much as possible.
“How long have you known about this?” Billie demands.
“No, no, you’re fine. Are you okay?”
Dean stares at him, then drops his head in his hands, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes. There’s a faint ring of bruising around Dean’s neck from the mugger’s fingers, and just looking at it makes Cas wince. “You were the dick taking pictures.” It isn’t a question, and Cas feels the corners of his lips quirk up slightly.
“Not bad?” he asks. “Not
look.”
Cas gazes out the window, watching as they start to leave the city behind for Hopkinton, the suburb where the race will begin. His mind wanders, and he starts thinking back to earlier that morning, shortly after he and Dean had stumbled out of bed and were getting ready for the day they’d spent the last few months preparing for.
“We only met him once, but Dean’s a good guy. And if he found someone who makes him happy, whether it’s through the show or not, then I’m counting it as a good thing. ‘S all I’m saying. I’m happy for him.”
“Fuck you, Sam.”
Dean laughs, resting his head back against the tree before finishing off the rest of his beer. “Guess witches don’t exactly make for realistic tales, huh?” When Cas shakes his head, Dean mutters, “Good thing I didn’t waste both our time goin’ into the details, then.”
The camera that had been on them drops to the floor as the sounds of the fight are heard offscreen. Someone—a PA, probably—picks up the previously abandoned camera and points it shakily at the action just in time to see Benny and a producer working together to hold Dean back while Raphael and Zachariah support Alastair.
“We’re gonna make on—”
Dean. His roommate, his best friend, the one he’s been steadily developing feelings for since the moment he moved in.
“So?” he asks. “What’d you think?”
And they turn. No swearing, no stumbling, no falls. Cas wants to stop and hug Dean, have a quick moment to celebrate the fact that Dean’s knees and palms aren’t scraped up, that they’re both still on their feet.
Sam motions for Castiel to follow him to the front of the couch. He takes a seat next to Dean and points to the recliner. Castiel drops his bag to the floor and sits down as well. “I know you still have that acceptance letter from the Marathon, Dean,” Sam starts. “And you haven’t withdrawn yet. You want to do this, even if you won’t admit it, I know you do, and Castiel can help you.”
“You just can’t get enough of me, can you,” he says. It’s meant to be a joke, but the closer Dean leans in, the less funny Cas finds it. Dean’s eyes had originally been focused on Cas’ lips, but he flicks them up to lock in with Cas’ own, and it’s all Cas can do not to grab him by the back of the neck and pull him close.
“Cas…”
For a few seconds, Cas considers keeping up the facade, insisting that he’s fine, he’s ambivalent toward Dean, he’s just doing this for his friends, couldn’t give less of a shit. But one more look into Dean’s eyes tells him that the guy’s bullshit sensor is on red alert, and he sighs.
at first—endless free time with his insanely hot boyfriend to do whatever their hearts desired? Sign him the fuck up—but as the days wore on, the tides started to turn. As it turns out, spending 24 hours a day, seven days a week cooped up together in a cramped one-bedroom isn’t, well, particularly ideal. The prolonged time together unveiled quirks—and that’s putting it nicely; Cas probably would’ve gone with “inconsiderate habits no reasonable human would’ve carried into adulthood” while Dean preferred “stupid fucking things you’re doing on purpose to piss me off, Cas!”
“Drink, drink, drink, drink!” everyone chants. Dean’s knees buckle, throat working overtime as he struggles to down the beer still left in his funnel. Lisa, on the other hand, is having no trouble at all. She holds up her free hand and flicks her wrist casually, taking one more gulp before spitting out the funnel and raising both hands in victory.
There are a ton of things he needs to start researching, and Cas decides to start by typing “training for a marathon” into Google’s search bar. Almost immediately, he’s barraged with about 93,000,000 results telling him the best way to train, the best after-workout snacks, how to build his diet around his running regimen, and more.
“What can I say? Cats dig me,” he says, touching his nose to Oliver’s in a move so endearing that it makes Cas want to throw him up against the wall and fuck him then and there. Instead, though, he just stands there, watching as Dean coos at Oliver softly before releasing the kitten to continue his wandering around the apartment.
“That Lisa wasn’t the one for you.”
Almost. Depending on what her favor is.
“You still have to show me that show.”
“This,” Cas says slowly, trying to find the right words, “isn’t exactly how I had planned to tell you.”
it, I want bacon.”
“D--”
“Merry Christmas to you, too,” Hannah says, taking a piece of chocolate for herself.
Cas smiles, and Dean’s gotta work fast to stop the heart eyes that are liable to start forming when he watches Cas wipe away beer foam from his upper lip with the back of his hand. “Or whatever.”
“I...yeah, I think so. Those cuts should be cleaned sooner rather than later.” Castiel swallows hard and hands Dean the rope. Dean holds it gingerly in his injured palm and Castiel immediately turns them around, back toward the Winchesters’ house. They walk along in silence for a few moments, Dean trying to hide how much his injuries sting, but Castiel can hear every single time he sucks in a quick, pained breath, and his guilt piles up in his gut with each one.
Heyerdahl’s yelling from his horse, trying and failing to be heard over the commotion, and Dean smirks. Seeing the warden overwhelmed and pissed off is so good a feeling that Dean doesn’t even care when Novak stumbles into him, followed real close by Sam.
The Roadhouse erupts in cheers, and Dean splutters out his remaining beer when Sam smacks him hard on the back. He coughs, pounding a fist to his sternum as he tries to clear his throat, and stares at Lisa with an awestruck admiration even the alcohol can’t hide.
a good look on you,” he says, glancing at Cas in the mirror.
The guy cranes his neck to look behind him as Sam rambles on; Dean follows his gaze, and that’s when he notices a handful of other cars heading their way. Newsboy situates himself back behind the wheel and smiles again.
“What are you listening to?” Cas asks. He sits down on the steps next to Dean, tapping his shoulder to alert him to which side of him he’s sitting on.
Castiel perks up at this. “Really?” It’s admirable that this Dean person wants to run the Marathon, but Castiel can understand how being blind might get in the way of an aspiration like that. Regardless, though, he still finds himself interested in
She keeps going, sharp-tongued and ready for every question Heyerdahl or Judge Turner throws her. She stands her ground, demanding a pardon on their behalf, and hell, she’d have Dean convinced even if it weren’t his ass on the line.
. It’s like Coachella, but for runners: tens of thousands of runners are milling around, getting massages, chatting with one another. Vendors are handing out free snacks and drinks in an effort to make sure each and every one of them is taken care of to their best of their ability before the race begins.
Cas laughs faintly. “Exactly. I just--wow.” He runs his fingers through his already-disheveled hair, then focuses on Dean. “Thank you, Dean,” he continues, his voice soft and sincere. “Thank you so much.”
Dean groans and sprawls out across the couch. “Thanks for the vote of confidence, Sammy,” he calls across the room.
Cas hesitates. “Don’t get what?”
“I’ll think about it,” he says. The women’s eyes light up, and he holds up a finger warningly. “
The skin under Dean’s freckles is flushed now, and Cas smiles. “Thanks, Cas,” Dean says quietly, the beginnings of a smile playing on his lips.
“Sure you are,” Dean mutters, and his words hit Cas like a rough punch to the gut.
“What d’you think I’m doing?” Dean wipes his palms on his already damp shirt before cutting through the last few links. Pulling himself up into a crouch, he’s careful not to cut himself as he pulls the loose fence back and holds it open for Sam to crawl through.
“I...really?”
“Jesus. Cas, it’s Dean, and I just wanted to let you know that I forgot to ask you for your number. You know, so I can talk to you about wedding details, like the time and location and shit. So, uh, yeah. This is me, asking you for your number. Mine is 617-555-0258. And, uh, I guess I’ll talk to you later. And see you later. Hopefully. As long as I haven’t scared you off with that tour de force of awkwardness I just word-vomited onto your answering machine. I’m not usually that bad, I promise. Uh, so, yeah. Bye.”
," Cas finally says. "It's about these two cousins in New York City who try to break into the comic book industry."
Maybe if he sneaks in quietly, he won’t have to make any uncomfortable smalltalk.
The look Castiel hits him with is pure ice. “I’d appreciate you not talking about my mother that way.”
Cas pulls off his headphones and drapes them around his neck, then readjusts in his chair to tuck his legs underneath himself, chin in his hand. “Maybe that she didn’t want some fake jerkoff as a husband.”
It’s silent in the room for all of two seconds as everyone absorbs this information; then, almost as quickly, the three women are swarming around Cas excitedly.
Cas is shrugging into his jacket when his phone vibrates against his leg. He digs it out of his pocket and does a double-take. It’s a text from Dean--he must’ve meant to send it to someone else.
“I like to keep things organized,” Cas says stiffly, taking a seat next to Dean on the couch. “Forgive me for not wanting to live in the equivalent of a college frat house.”
He keeps his back to the bench, trying hard not to shiver when he feels the guy’s hand ghost over his collar, from one shoulder to the other, before gently spinning him around and hopping effortlessly up onto the bench. Dean licks his lips, breathing in deep before taking the guy’s hands and looking up at him. When he does, the guy squeezes his hands—just a little, just enough—in reassurance, and Dean takes another breath.
"Yeah! You heard of him?"
Which, hell, maybe they hadn’t.
He tugs his earbuds out of his ears and heads for Cas, meeting him halfway.
“Dean?”
, a better friend than Dean deserves. Nothing but pure coincidence, a fucked-up display of Dean’s conscience rearing its ugly head—why do
Dean barks out another laugh. "Yeah, he has sex a lot, too." He runs a hand through his hair, then asks, "Hey, you eaten yet?"
Dean scoffs. “Come on, Cas, that shit only happens in the comics, not real life. It’s not like I have any goddamn mob bosses after me.”
Dean laughs as he gets to his feet. Cas props himself up on one elbow and watches the way the muscles in Dean’s arms go taut as he clasps his hands behind his back and stretches his arms high above his head.
That relief evaporates quick when he looks down at his clothes and chains, not just reminders of where they’d come from, but red flags to anyone passing by that they’re not exactly the innocents Sam’s puppy dog eyes would have them think.
, listens to Gabe prattle on for another minute before finally snatching up some menus, muttering something about not being paid enough for this, and leading them over to a corner table.
When he moves his hand away, that stupid note, the finishing touch, the piece de resistante he’d thought was so goddamn clever when he’d thought of it during last period the other day, is still there, looking him right in the face.
And Cas’ heart absolutely does
“It’s my favorite T stop,” Cas says, and Dean scoffs.
He tilts his head curiously and glances at Cas, who’s staring at the both of them, too shocked to move. “This dickhead’s got thirty bucks on him. Not worth it. But you…” His voice trails off in a playful singsong. “Bringing you in would be worth a pretty penny.”
Another pity smile. “The worst that can happen,” she says, standing up and resting her hands on his shoulders so she can look him in the eye, “is that one of us will mess up, and we’ll try again. That’s it.”
“Where’d you put my glasses?” Dean asks, palming the area around them for a few seconds.
Dean raises his eyebrows, blinks a few times to try and register the fact that apparently, Cas would rather sit next to whatever the fuck that smell is than Dean, and he feels like he’s been punched in the gut.
. Castiel is immediately slammed with a piercing, sour odor that smells like a mix of overcooked peppers and a full diaper that’s been left out in the sun for too long; he covers his mouth, pretending to yawn, and a girl sitting a few feet away catches his eye and gives him a sympathetic smile.
His owner, he decides quickly. Definitely his owner.
They’d insisted that Cas would grow out of this infatuation, that he’d find his niche with archers or marksmen or sharpshooters, and worked as hard as they could to discourage his interest in one of the least admirable trades in the Company. They’d been thrilled when, on his 18th birthday, he’d been accepted--after more than a few strings had been pulled, he’s sure--into Station 1237 of the Company, to report to when he turned 21. Located on the outer fringes of the Company’s land, it doesn’t see much action and isn’t the most battle-hardened Station, for sure, but after spending years fearing that their son wouldn’t be accepted into
“I’m glad,” Cas says, smiling. Sam grins, too, before glancing down at a small wrapped package in his hands. Cas recognizes it and his stomach floods with relief as he thinks back to the day before, when he had given it to Sam after coming to pick up Dean at their house.
to be the reason why they don’t make it out of here. He sucks in a deep breath through his mouth, but no matter how much oxygen he gets, it’s not enough, especially not with the smoke from the train’s engine bearing down on them too.
When Cas takes his first hesitant steps into the house, a place he's become quite familiar with over the past couple of months, he can tell that something's different. Things seem…darker, somehow, like something's missing. Rudy trots excitedly over to Cas and looks like he's about to launch up onto his hind legs, but stays down after noticing a particularly incriminating glare from Sam.
a dick).
“Me, too,” Cas says.
As much as he hated to admit it, Cas felt like things with Dean were...not going somewhere, exactly, but not
“Yeah,” Dean murmurs, but Cas realizes quickly that’s not exactly the case when another runner bumps into Dean, who stumbles again. His heart sinks as he realizes that this is it, this is where he has to start yelling.
The bar erupts in folks cheering and applauding, and when Dean turns to look at Cas again, it’s like he’s looking into sunshine personified. Not the sun, though—not the sun, because Dean can’t imagine looking away. The way Cas’ eyes crinkle at the corners as he laughs, that gummy smile of his back in full force.
for him already?” Sam says in disbelief, shaking his head before turning toward Jess. “Jesus, he’s worse than you thought. Practically head-over-heels,” he adds, turning his attention back to Dean.
“What do you want?” Sam finally asks.
“Spit on him for me, Novak!”
have something to do today,” Cas interrupts.
Dean edges closer to Cas, closing up what little space had been remaining between them, and kisses Cas’ temple. “You love it.”
know—that he fucked up, that he was scared, that he’s sorry, that he
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Dean mutters, watching as Cas and Sam struggle to keep the cash from flying out the car’s open windows. Suddenly, that parade of paper he’d seen trailing out of the car earlier makes a hell of a lot more sense.
“So,” she says, turning back to them once she’s finished placing the order, “start from the beginning."
A flush makes its way up Castiel’s neck and onto his cheeks at the compliment. “Thank you,” he says as he slips behind the case and reaches for one of the cannolis with a piece of wax paper. “I’m glad you enjoyed it.”
Charlie sets down the phone—still conveniently out of Dean’s reach, but at least she stops filling out the goddamn application. “It’s been two years since Lisa,” she says quietly.
Dean nods just as he crushes a cup underfoot, then holds out his hand for the water cup.
“Need to shower,” Dean mumbles, rubbing at his non-bruised eye. Cas is pleased with how his other one is healing; the swelling had gone down considerably over the past few days, and if he really wanted to, Cas is sure Dean could brush it off to someone as him just being tired.
The person who most took a shine to Cas from his first day at Station 1237 was the camp’s medic, Hannah. A smart, soft-spoken woman, she’d taken him under her wing when she caught him admiring her supplies and essentially picked up where Missouri left off, encouraged his passion, and taught him everything he’s learned since his absorption into the Station.
“You hurt us, too, you know.”
Cas laughs, but nods in agreement. “Want to know something even crazier?”
The chair Alastair is in topples backward onto the floor as Dean starts punching, only to get slammed in the face by Alastair’s booted foot. Dean staggers backward, hands to his nose, and suddenly Alastair’s the one with the upper hand. He straddles Dean and starts throwing punches.
“Then what
episodes waiting to be deleted.
But Garth doesn’t dignify him with a response, instead grabbing for a pistol tucked in the waistband of his pants. “Keep her steady, now, friend!” he shouts. Gripping the door even tighter with his free hand, he leans further out of the car, aims, and fires.
And Cas describes it to him. As he goes into detail about the bright sunshine, their wide smiles, the way you can see Anna and Sam reflected in the lenses of Dean’s sunglasses, and just how goddamn
“That train was an option,” Novak interrupts, calm as anything, “but obviously not the solution. If it was, we’d be on it.”
“Yeah, it doesn’t make it any more of
“Duly noted, Cas, thanks.”
“Peas on knees, dude.” With that, Dean pulls out his phone, holds down the home button, then says, “How to treat shin splints.” A computerized voice starts listing different treatments for shin splints, including elevating the legs and icing the shins, and Dean turns his phone off before sliding it back into his pocket. “I’m gonna get you some more ice, then make us some food.”
“Uh, this is Castiel Novak. Cas. My…” Dean’s voice trails off as he realizes that this is the first time he’s said it aloud. “My boyfriend.”
Dean waves and flashes Cas a quick smile before holding the ball up in the air. “You ready?” he calls. Cas holds up his mitt in response, and Dean leans back and tosses the ball Cas’ way.
you do it?” He’s proud of himself; the comment comes out less acidic than he’d intended, but still snarky enough to get his point across, which he’s sure he did—Dean’s looking at him now, eyes narrow.
Someone laughs
After a pause, Dean just says, “Okay.”
“Step down,” Cas says, “in three, two, one.” He and Dean step off the curb and onto the street smoothly, and Cas takes an extra minute to make sure they’re in the right position. “This is it,” he finally says softly, looking down at the blue-and-yellow finish line under their feet. “Right below you, Dean.”
“Okay, okay!” Chuck snaps his fingers and waves his free arm to get the team’s attention. “The coach doesn’t need to know what you miscreants get up to in your free time.” He points out to the field and looks at them all expectantly. “Four laps, let’s go!”
Bille turns to face him, eyes unimpressed. “You really think that?”
It takes a few seconds for Cas to realize that Dean is
“Anna, I--”
“Dean,” he says gently, pressing a kiss to the back of Dean’s shoulder. “C’mon, you’ve got to get up. Twenty miles today, remember?”
After the stupid fucking afternoon he’s had, the last thing Dean wants to deal with is talking to, well, anyone, but the second he steps foot in the apartment after work, it’s clear that Sam’s got other plans.
and leave her all the love! A million and a half more thanks to
“Come on, what’s he like?” Cas gapes at her, unsure of what to say next, and she rolls her eyes. “He’s gotta be different than he seemed on TV; there’s no
"Cas."
“I feel like an idiot,” he says. A woman and her two small kids pass him casually, their arms laden with food and small ice cream sundaes in little plastic ball caps.
“Forgive me for not wanting to drop dead of a heart attack before I’m forty,” Cas mutters.
, who looks like he wouldn’t want to be anywhere else right now. His eyes are bright, cheeks flush with excitement, and Dean laughs, trying to hide the fact that he could feel his smile getting wider as he looked at him.
Cas takes a deep breath before turning back to Dean, who’s palming around until he finds the knife and potato again, then resumes cutting, finishing with one potato and immediately starting in on the second.
he didn’t mean to do. He’s got a basic grasp on physics, he knows that if you pull something back, it’ll go back.
He rolls his eyes. “Good try, Chambers, but I’m not that much of a moron.”
“Hi, everybody, and welcome to
Cas takes a deep breath. “Sometimes people say they’re icy,” he starts slowly, “but I don’t think that. To me, icy is negative, or, well, cold. My eyes are a very bright blue, like the bottom of a clean pool on a sunny day.” Cas hesitates, casts a quick look Dean’s way, then shares his favorite description. “My mother used to say that they looked like pieces of blue seaglass with the sun glinting off of them.”
The car's doors creak as he and Dean pull them open, and Cas watches as Dean slides into the driver’s seat easily. The car isn’t anything special to Cas--as long as a car can get him from Point A to Point B, then that’s good enough for him--but he can tell the cracked leather, ancient tape player, and squeaky doors mean a lot to Dean. He almost feels like they’re sitting in a place of worship from how reverently Dean is treating everything inside the car, how his face had immediately brightened with pride when Cas asked if it was his. Dean reaches out and rubs his hand lovingly over the ridged steering wheel before grinning to himself.
“Cas, that wasn’t—”
"I want to talk to the manager," she says bitingly.
doesn’t know he’s doing it. And somehow, that makes it even better.
“Fine,” Cas says with a nod, watching the way Winchester rotates his jaw. “Bacon today.”
Dean had only heard it twice, but he’d recognize that voice anywhere, and he can’t hide the grin that comes when he turns around to confirm his suspicions. “Billie?”
”) for months now—but he can’t help but try.
Dean wrinkles his nose. “Cas, what--”
,” Dean amends, hating just how easily the correction comes.
reveling in the moment. Everyone around them is laughing and singing, holding their beers up in the air; they’re all part of this community together, if only for a few hours, and Cas can’t tell if the warmth in his gut is from that or the booze.
“Yeah, yeah. Listen, we all know this show’s a sack of shit. 99% of it is fake, manufactured drama for ratings and an easy way to line Chuck Shurley’s pockets three times a year, but sometimes things slip by. Sometimes they fuck up and actually find good people to be on this stupid show we all love so much, and I think that’s the case here.
Dean scribbles his name onto the slip of paper and hands it to the guy in charge today, an overly excited twenty-something with thick-framed glasses and a skinny tie who looks like he’s been plucked straight out of his Brooklyn brownstone.
It’s been up for a few hours and has racked up thousands of likes and comments, but the caption is what catches and holds Cas’ attention. It’s short, punctuated at the end by a single rose emoji. He double taps the photo—on purpose this time—and presses a kiss to Dean’s temple before he’s even finished reading it.
last night.” He gives up quickly, shaking his head before heading out of his room and down the hall.
“No,” he finally says. “I’m not.”
Apparently he hasn’t, because Novak doesn’t back off; he just keeps standing there, eyeing him all the while.
“Me too,” he says, and for the first time in a long time, Cas knows that he actually means it.
“I think Anna’s right,” Cas says, giving Dean another kiss before sliding the gift into Dean’s hands.
what-can-you-do
They spend the next few minutes in silence, Cas studying the art and Dean studying Cas, until Cas glances down at his watch and scrubs a hand over his mouth. “Almost time for first bell,” he mutters. He turns around to face Dean and smiles apologetically as he scoops up the art supplies. “I’m sorry to, uh, gawk and run.”
But Dean makes it okay. Even if he
my family’s place.” Dean glances over his shoulder at her and grins. “Sorry if you were expectin’ the Ritz, but Bobby and Ellen’ll take care of us.”
“And another thing!” Castiel interrupts, shooting bolt upright and glaring at her. “Why didn’t you tell me not to ask him to touch my face?”
Hannah nods before turning back to her supplies once more. “He could surprise you.”
The three of them stay silent, but that only seems to amuse the warden even more. Leaning heavily on the defendant’s table in front of them, hands splayed out, he continues, “And I hate to be the bearer of bad news, gentlemen, but no way you’re getting out of this one. Your fates are already sealed; we’re just dotting
He closes his eyes and pops the trunk before climbing out of his car, and is about to start unloading his bedding when he hears footsteps approach from behind. Before he can turn around, an over-enthusiastic voice greets him.
He just barely catches Dean’s breathed-out “
“Thanks,” he says, flashing the kid a quick, apologetic smile before throwing a punch that has him going limp and boneless in the grass. Tucking the keys into his back pocket, Dean kneels down next to the kid’s unconscious form, rubbing the fabric of his collar between his fingers, then looks back up at Sam. “What size are you?”
Lisa glances at Dean and grins. “Maybe, hon. We’ll have to see.”
“You’re just gonna leave me with ‘it’s good’? Really?” He nudges Cas with his shoulder and grins. “Get to the good stuff.”
“Don't go judging him for what he's done before thinking about what he's been through. This war is making us all do terrible things, things we never thought we could be capable of doing. Understand?”
“I don’t know, but we can’t just keep walkin’ aimlessly ‘til we stumble on some sweet old woman who won’t be too sweet once she realizes we’re escaped convicts, can we?”
Dean’s movements are random; first his fingers are messily entwined with Cas’ above his head, their mouths pressed together, then Cas can feel Dean’s hands on his shoulders as he swipes his tongue along his collarbone. One hand stays up at his chest, a finger circling his nipple wistfully, while the other wraps around his cock.
. He rolls over onto his side to further try and avoid gawking at Dean and feels the corner of something dig into his ribs.
“So what’ve we got here?” she asks, clapping her hands and rubbing them together. “Dads? Friends? Brothers? A whole gaggle of boyfriends?”
“Like hell I’ll—” But he’s stunned into silence when Novak reaches out and drags the rough cloth along a small spot on Dean’s cheekbone. Dean’s breath catches low in his chest at Novak’s touch, and he doesn’t move a muscle save for his gaze darting from Novak’s eyes to the bandana and back.
“There ya go, Cas!” he yells, then throws his head back and lets out one more excited yell as they run. Cas’ heart surges, and not just from the exertion now, as he and Dean begin to make their way through the course.
Cas isn’t sure how many of them there are, at least two, but taking attendance is the least of his worries right now. He’s jerked forward and his arms are wrenched painfully behind his back, and all he can do is watch as the other man shoves Dean up against the opposite wall. Dean grunts as the man grips his jaw hard, holding him in place.
have a bit of an attitude after becoming a hostage in an enemy’s camp.” She shakes her head solemnly. “The poor thing.”
,” Cas says, resting a hand on his heart and closing his eyes when he says it. “Definitely one of my favorites.”
“Fine.”
He was supposed to meet Sam and Jess at 2:00 for their cake tasting; it’s now 2:15, and there’s still no sign of either of them. Dean slouches down further in the front seat of the Impala and watches as raindrops race each other down the windshield. The clouds up above him are dark and full of rain, and frankly doing nothing to improve Dean’s mood. He sighs and grabs his phone, thumbing through his texts to find Sam’s message with directions and the bakery name.
“Took a few, too.” He smiles. “Thanks again, guys. Have a good one.”
"I don't want karma points; I just don't want to do this. I'm not qualified, I've never even
Dean wipes his forehead with the back of his hand in feigned relief. “Glad we’ve gotten that out of the way. So what is it, then?”
Everyone around the table murmurs in agreement.
He’s interrupted by Gabe’s phone chiming on the coffee table. His brother scoops it up with a grin and turns off the TV with a quick shout of, “Cabs are here!”
Dean glares hard at Sam, Sam and his goddamn
Dean’s tongue slips its way into his mouth, and Cas inches himself closer as Dean cups both his cheeks in his hands. He can feel Dean moving one of his hands up until it reaches Cas’ hair; once it’s there, he grabs a fistful of it and kisses Cas harder.
“Really?”
“Got a rebuttal, man?” he asks, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his thighs.
Dean swallows and rotates his jaw slowly, trying to shake the ghost of Heyerdahl’s grip. He knows he should be paying attention, but Judge Turner’s words fade into the background. Heyerdahl’s right; it’s not like he’s getting out of this. He isn’t sure if he wants to laugh or cry, but before he can do either, he feels a familiar weight on his hand under the table, closing around his fingers.
Cas rolls his eyes. “I still don’t understand why you didn’t just bring a change of clothes to the gym so we could leave right from there.”
Cas watches as Balthazar’s eyes go wide, and he realizes that his blush has given him away.
“Back in the woods,” Cas says slowly, carefully, tracing his finger in the damp sand underneath them. “You had said I was lucky you hadn’t gotten to the real details. That you’re a master storyteller, and it was a shame you hadn’t been able to tell me the full story.”
—Cas winces at being referred to as Dean’s friend—
her?”
They’d wasted no time after touching down in Florida, scouting out an Uber before making a beeline for the nearest—and biggest—liquor store in Fort Lauderdale, with Cas’ (perfectly reasonable, thank you very much) request of breakfast having gone ignored.
For a brief second, Castiel entertains the idea of acting like everything’s fine, like he’s not on the verge of having a panic attack because he’s too nice to say no to his sister and her ridiculously outlandish requests, but Balthazar catches on quickly. He reaches across the table and pats Castiel’s hand. “How about a beer.” It’s not a question, and Castiel allows Balthazar to order for him.
“Wait, you’re the one who hit me?” Cas asks, the boy’s earlier confession finally taking root in his brain.
“Is five too early?”
“On what?”
“He’s a sprinter,” Cas says automatically. “He doesn’t compete in mara--”
“You can see the Charles a little bit behind us, and if you had never seen it before, you wouldn’t know it’s a place where mob bosses toss dead bodies. Or that it’s just generally pretty gross in there. That’s how nice it looks in this picture.”
“Dean, what’s going on?” he asks again, putting his hand over Dean’s batbag to stop him from packing up.
Well, they can fuck off. He’s given them more than they deserve, and he closes his eyes, biting on the inside of his cheek to keep his face emotionless save for a small, tight-lipped smile.
“I just, I know people like you.”
“When’d you start running?” Dean asks, his voice breaking the quiet again.
The world seems to move in slow motion as everyone--Vic included--watches the ball. Northeastern’s center fielder sprints after it, staring up at it until he gets to the fence. He reaches his glove up to try and grab it.
Cas feels surprisingly calm, even with the tens of thousands of runners packed in around him and Dean, cheers and shouts already coming from the crowds of people lining the route.
“You, too, man,” Dean says with a nod.
Dean gapes at him. “
Cas nods. “Yes. And on clear nights, you can see the lights from the buildings twinkling in the water. When it’s not crowded, sometimes it doesn’t even feel like you’re on the T. It’s just a scenic ride for a minute or so.”
Even though it’s not exactly the happiest news, Dean’s taken to scooping up facts about Castiel like they’re treasure, trying to piece together more about this walking enigma as he goes. Strong but silent type, distant family, a whole heap of daddy issues...it’s not much yet, but it’s a start.
The girl throws her hands up in the air. “Not the strongest character? You read
“Uh, hi.”
“You sure you never mentioned anything?” Sam asks as they sit down for a few moments of peace and scant breakfast foods. “Not even in passing? Nothing hypothetical?”
He assumes he’d accidentally gotten a shot of Anna or one of the officers looking at the camera, so he doesn’t think much of it as he maneuvers his mouse over to the photo to untag it. Upon closer inspection, though, Cas realizes that no, the only person in the photo is the Colt, and the tagging suggestion makes him wonder if he’s even more exhausted than he thought.
“Fine,” Gabriel says, “I won’t tell ya. Gimme my bag, huh?”
Sam rolls his eyes and flips his brother off without looking at him. Cas doesn’t have to know Dean well to know that he’s doing the same exact thing.
A couple more names are called, a couple more people are thrilled and join the line on the steps, and with every passing winner, Dean feels his hope diminishing more and more. He sighs and closes his eyes, trying to force himself to not be disappointed. The chances of him winning are miniscule at best, and it’s just another one of those days, maybe he’ll get lucky when he tries for the hundredth time as opposed to the fiftieth, maybe--
Sam flips him off. It’s answer enough for Dean, and he leads the way back to camp, working hard to ignore the way he can feel Cas’ eyes following him the whole time.
Dean scoffs. “Why would I go to that?”
“It was.” Cas’ voice is rougher than usual, and Dean’s dick twitches in interest just before a switch (a very, very frustrating switch, if Dean’s being honest) flips, and Cas winks before nudging Dean innocently with his hip, gesturing with his chin toward the line of beer taps. “Which one do you want?”
He can’t think of anything to say, anything that can accurately describe his confusion, surprise, and just a little bit of hope, so in an attempt to hide his own uncertainty about how to handle this whole situation, he goes with, “Are you saying the food in The Restaurant isn’t made fresh to order?”
“You look ridiculous.”
Dean smiles before turning toward the ocean. “So,” he says slowly, keeping his eyes trained on the horizon, “for future reference, what’s your opinion on beach sex?”
Dean looks even more surprised to see him, but he doesn’t just drop everything, run to Cas, tackle him to the ground, and start making out with him (which Cas may or may not have wished to happen). Instead, he finishes the conversation he’s having with a short, redheaded girl whose backpack is covered with pins and keychains before heading over to him. He flashes Cas his stupid, brilliantly crooked smile, and Cas can already feel his cheeks reddening again.
“Fuck, I knew it,” Dean mutters.
an understatement if I’ve ever heard one.”
Castiel’s stomach twists into knots, and he wonders if he’s going to be sick as he gapes at Michael. “They left their children unattended,” he tries. “That’s--”
“Sorry, little fella,” he says, unbuttoning his new shirt, one of the threadbare ones they’d nicked back at Gabriel’s, and laying it out flat before scooping the fish up and placing it down on top of the fabric. “Gotta do what we gotta do, y’know?”
“Where you off to?” Sam calls as Dean heads away from the campsite.
Cas grins. "Sure, Dean."
And Cas isn't lying when he says, "Yes."
Cas’ eyes zero in on the unmistakable bow in Dean’s legs just barely visible in the photo, and Dean’s voice muttering, “I noticed,” about his own echoes in his head.
, he wants to say. He wants to say a lot of things, but before he can even open his mouth, someone clears their throat behind them.
He takes her hand and kisses it without taking his eyes off the road. “Pleasure’s all mine.”
Dean clears his throat, startling Castiel out of his reverie, and when he speaks, his voice is strained with exertion. “Can I help you?” he asks.
The decision is suddenly made for him when the heavy front door creaks open, and a white cane poking out onto the porch, quickly followed by Dean’s body, and goddamn if Castiel’s breath doesn’t catch in his throat again.
Cas pauses at that, realizing that he doesn’t actually know. He types out and erases a couple of different replies before finally settling on one that sounds the least like he’d rehearsed it.
As they leave the theatre, Dean feels his phone buzz in his pocket. He pulls it out with his free hand and sees a new text from Sam:
“The three musketeers,” he says quietly, tapping the pickaxe in his free hand against his boots to knock loose a few clumps of dirt as he drops his arm and the three of them drift apart again.
Dean shrugs. “Not sure he’s up for the running part,” he says, leaning down to affectionately rub behind Jack’s ears, “but I was thinking we could take him for a little walk, as our warm-up.”
“But we don’t have the money for that,” Dean finishes, pushing the card back toward him. Before it gets all the way there, though, Crowley stops it with his own finger.
Kenmore Square is teeming with people in Red Sox jerseys, vendors selling cheap T-shirts and souvenir programs, scalpers leaning against buildings trying to act discreet and casual while selling people overpriced tickets, and Cas’ heart rate is picking up with every step further into the crowd. Normally, he would be afraid that he and Dean would get separated, except for the fact that everyone is so packed together, his chest is almost pressed flush up against Dean’s back until they actually get into the park.
one, but here he fucking is. He swallows and clears his throat, glancing down at his shoes.
He takes a step back to let Sam and Cas crowd in and echo the last line before stepping forward again to continue, feeling more and more like he owns the place.
Castiel hesitates, even though he knows from experience that he’s way too susceptible to Anna’s pleas and pouts. That doesn’t mean he can’t pretend he’s still unconvinced, though. “I don’t know, Anna.”
“Cassie!” Balthazar looks almost surprised to see him, and Castiel can’t blame him; he’s got a bit of a reputation for backing out of plans at the last minute. He recovers quickly, though, and tips his half-empty glass toward Castiel in greeting. “How’s tricks?”
“I did, too,” Cas says.
Amused, Dean watches them as they go, grinning to himself when he sees her loop Ghüs’ leash around another table leg before leaning in to kiss a woman wearing a tan leather jacket on the head. When Dean turns his attention back to the table, it’s to see Cas already looking at him, a fond little smile playing at his lips, and Dean grins. “Jealous?” he asks, patting his thigh.
that they’d done a perfect job of portraying Dean, that he’d been the exception to the rule. Instead, he feels like he’s sitting across from someone he’s never met before, and suddenly, it hits him.
Excavation Nation is worse. So, so much worse.
Dean waves him off, then scoops up a handful of sliced sweet potato and asks, “Now what?”
Dean remembers the three of them referring to him as the Dancing King for the next few weeks—hell, Charlie even changes his name in her phone to reflect it—but that’s it. He doesn’t remember filling out the application form, doesn’t remember uploading a photo of himself, doesn’t remember hitting SEND, but apparently he fucking did each and every one of those things, because two weeks later he’d gotten a call from an unknown number congratulating him on being chosen as a contestant, and two weeks after
’s producers.
“Cas.”
That’s a goddamn
The little butterfly’s first, up in the right-hand corner of the page. Dean doesn’t have any colors handy, but even if he did, the wings wouldn’t be yellow; he’d change ‘em to a deep, not-subtle-at-all blue.
“You can say that again,” Dean mumbles, pulling Cas close and pressing a kiss into his hair. Cas rests his hand on Dean’s chest, watching the way it rises and falls with every breath, and just feeling Dean’s warmth next to him, the way his fingers curl around his shoulder and chin rests against the side of his head, Cas knows that he could spend the entire day like this.
, and Cas can feel his knees buckle underneath his shin guards. “I, uh, that’s good to know.”
fashion. “Gee, thanks, Cas,” he says with a grin.” He brings his right hand down to rest on the seat between them, and Cas freezes when he feels the weight of Dean’s hand on top of his. Dean’s hand jerks a little, as if he’s getting ready to pull it back, but after a second, his hand is still there.
Jessica laughs. “Keep him, Dean.” She tucks a strand of golden hair behind her ear and winks at him. “And regarding your other question, your brother’s not the only one interested in law, you know. It
Two more counts, and then they lean back in, pretending to unlock something (yeah, yeah, Dean knows it’s meant to signify their hearts, but he doesn’t need to admit that right now) with nonexistent keys. They throw the keys over their shoulders just as the song ends, left to stand just a few inches from each other.
“I’d like that.” He pauses, then asks, “Dean?” He reaches over and entwines Dean’s fingers with his own, letting their hands rest clasped together on the grass.
She looks at him with wide, sad eyes. “I'm so sorry,” she says softly. “You're amazing. In every sense of the word, which I'm sure you know—” she smiles in an attempt to ease the onslaught of tension, “—but—”
“Remind me again,” he says, motioning for Cas to lean in close, “which one of us has been in a fantasy suite?”
“Brothers,” Balthazar says cheerily, raising his glass.
“Couch,” he says, pointing in the general direction of the well-worn, overstuffed couch in the middle of the room. Cas obliges, but still tries to protest.
even consider it when it’s his turn to choose the date next time, and he can already picture Cas’ reaction: the double-take, the head tilt, the slow smile when he realizes it’s not a joke.
“I know.” Dean shrugs before wiping away a few stray crumbs from his mouth. “You wanted to make sure I was okay the other day,” he says simply. “I want to make sure you’re okay, too.”
Despite all their support and gentle prodding, though, Cas never took to the idea of combat. The weight of a weapon in his hands filled him with an anxiety that nothing else did, and he’d refuse to use it on anything, even the air during practice sessions at school.
“No,” he says slowly. “We’re not.” Slowly, hesitantly, he lifts a hand out of the sand and rests it against Cas’ cheek, gently tracing his thumb across Cas’ cheekbone, keeping his eyes locked on his the whole time. He revels in the way Dean’s hand feels against his skin, rough crystals of sand still stuck to his fingers, and it’s all he can do not to lean into the touch. Dean’s acting like he doesn’t believe this is happening, as if this is all some big joke and Cas is about to deliver the punchline any second now. “Are you—”
“Anna,” he says, keeping his eyes on Dean’s, “I’d like to take the 29th off, please.”
, Dean wants to say.
he wants to say.
Alastair flips him off, a pixelated blur at the top of his hand. “Tell me that again once you’re sent home, [bleep]hole.”
“Does that answer your question?” Dean asks after pulling away a few moments later, his crooked grin that Cas loves so much back in place.
“Hey, man.”
know why he said it for sure, even though that last one is a pretty good guess, but the words are out of his mouth before he can stop them. “What’re you doing on the 29th?”
“Just think of the meal,” Hannah says. “For your stomach
(CW: baby poop, ridiculous antics, cringe-worthy individuals)
Dean waits a beat, trying to process that. “Jesus,” he finally mutters. “Makes sense you’d shy away from sharin’
“It’s not going to
And that’s exactly what Cas needs.
"I’m glad you said yes, Castiel,” she says, handing him the folder. “This makes it much easier."
“Yes, yes, I just wanted to discuss this with you.” She hands over a sheet of paper, which Cas recognizes as a printout of the email where he’d requested his time off.
If Sam hadn’t brought that stupid CD home, if he’d been able to do anything but rave about how amazing it was, if he hadn’t bought tickets for Jess for their anniversary and then claimed that it was even better in person and that Dean just needed to “give it a shot,” if he hadn’t caught Dean listening to the album in the garage, pathetically trying to rap his way through ‘Guns and Ships’ while changing the oil in the Impala and then forced Dean to admit that he liked the thing, then Dean wouldn’t be schlepping his way through throngs of people in Times Square on his lunch hour for the fifth time this week.
“Word to the wise,” Dean says after a pause, clapping a hand on his little brother’s back weakly. “Don’t piss off the nerd angels.”
“It’s not as scary as it sounds,” she says, redoing her ponytail before hopping off the bench and taking his hands in hers. She leads him over to one side of the bench and leaps back onto it like some kind of goddamn gazelle. “I’ll have you the whole time. All you have to do is jump—both feet together—and I’ll do the rest.”
“It would appear so.” Cas pauses, then looks up at Dean again. “And you?”
Dean waves him off as Cas nudges the door open with his hip. “Nah, wasn’t that reality bullshit.”
The next time the chorus comes around, Cas sings, not caring that his singing voice is more of a cracking, out-of-tune yell. He can feel Dean’s eyes on him, and when he glances over at him, Dean flashes him a crooked grin.
“Calm down, guys, c’mon,” he says, waiting for the players to make themselves comfortable in the dugout. Some lean against the fence, others lounge on the bench, chewing sunflower seeds and spitting them at each other. “We've got a new recruit, don't want him thinking that all we do is fuck around, right?”
Later that night, Dean is back at his apartment and lying in bed, staring up at the ceiling in a fruitless effort to fall asleep. As much as he wills them not to, Sam’s words are still creeping into his head. What if Cas
“Yeah.” Dean starts to peel himself away from Cas--much to Cas’ disappointment--and gets to his feet, his cane ready to go in one hand, his free hand held out to help Cas up, too. “We’re here, might as well see it, right?”
He finally trots toward home plate, laughing and drumming his hands on his thighs as he runs, until he plows into his teammates, and they all start cheering and jumping on him, Cas included. He's never been part of a walk-off victory celebration, and it's exhilarating. He’s vaguely aware of Northeastern’s players trudging back toward their dugout, but all he can focus on are the laughs and cheers from his own teammates.
“Okay. So, I was on the phone the other day with a guy named Sam. Really nice, very personable and sweet.”
“Fuck,” he breathes again. His bed has suddenly become the warmest, most comfortable it’s felt in weeks, but Cas forces himself out of it. “Good morning, Dean,” he mutters to himself, trying to sound as normal and casual as possible. “Good morning, Dean. Glad you didn’t get
There's a loud clattering of trays coming from the back room, and then a slightly flustered--but still ridiculously attractive, Dean is quick to note--man bursts out into the bakery. “I am
“I...there was no interest after our first date.”
Cas flashes him a small, relieved smile and tries to calm his rapidly increasing heart rate again.
“Why don’t you read it?” a slim redhead demands, shifting her glasses up further on her nose before fixing the guy in front of her with a challenging stare. She’s leaning on her elbows on the other side of the counter, so Cas assumes she must be an employee.
Cas has never been good at coming up with retorts in the moment, so he’s secretly relieved when Billie resumes hold of the conversation, starting the episode’s wrap-up. Dean turns his attention back toward her—slowly, with glances back at Cas every so often, he can’t help but notice—and slips easily back into his charming, conceited self.
“Yes.”
Once Cas moves his car, avoids the attempts of a different group of RAs to get him to attend a freshman orientation activity, and collapses onto his unmade bed, he finally takes a look around. Room 318 is unremarkable as far as dorm rooms go--bed, desk, chair, and dresser, but what really catches Cas’ attention is his roommate’s side.
! I’m Hannah—”
“Can’t it be for both?”
Cas jerks his head up quickly to see his co-hosts looking at him knowingly. “Getting lost in a certain someone’s green eyes down there?” Billie asks.
Cas clears his throat, mentally kicking himself. They were doing so well, things weren’t awkward at all, and then he had to go
The Colt doesn’t answer that, instead flipping the phone over so that its face is against the pavement. He gets slowly, gingerly to his feet, and says over his shoulder, "Can you walk? We've gotta bail."
Dean?”
For the next few blocks, he’s content with their silence, nothing to hear except the occasional whoosh of a car rushing past or the click-clacking of Dean’s cane against the pavement. He feels at peace with it, something that would have make him incredibly anxious in any other situation, with any other person, would leave him scrambling for some topic of conversation to keep the silence at bay.
Sam’s right: they walk, and they keep walking until it’s too dark to see more than a few feet in front of their faces. It feels like the days when they were fresh out of prison, fumbling their way through country back roads and trying to find the next place to, well, survive.
"Yeah?"
The page is divided into two panels. The first one’s just got one of those fill-in-the-blank UNO cards—yeah, he thought it’d be cool to use a real card, and fuck it, it
“Got some ice from the bar,” he explains, giving Cas a small smile. “Gotta keep the swelling down.” He pauses again, and Cas watches, a little more infatuated than he’d like to admit, as the boy worries his lower lip with his teeth.
He squeezes his eyes shut as they make their way inside, the echoing halls and darkened cells sending an unconscious shiver up his spine. It’s too much like Joliet, too much like where he’d just been a few short days ago—
“Is Dean home?”
him, and Dean’s torn between feeling appreciative of the view and jealous that his own jumpsuit’s got the shape of a few old potato sacks stitched together. As if he knows Dean’s watching, Novak’s tongue darts out to wet his lips and Dean shakes his head sharply.
“Didn’t answer the question,” Dean says, taking a seat next to Cas while trying to ignore Sam glancing at them every so often out of the corner of his eye.
Cas nods, turning his attention back to the rest of Dean’s classroom. “I’ve got to come here more often,” he murmurs.
So good, so good, indeed.
“Don’t dismiss the gravity of sea jail, darling,” Balthazar says, smiling sweetly at Gabe. “It’s horrible. Positively devious. And wet.”
“‘Course they do.”
Cas cries out in pain as his body collapses to the floor, not really sure what just happened, or what he should do next. His whole face is tingling, his nose is on fire, and he starts to feel faint at the sight of blood dripping steadily onto his shirt and jeans.
Dean chuckles and shakes his head. “Nothin'. Hey, you want another beer?”
For a split second, Cas wonders if Sam
They continue their run, Dean cheering every time they successfully maneuver around another turn, and Cas wonders if Dean feels the same way he does--exhausted, sure, but just having Dean running along next to him makes him feel like he could run an extra mile or two as fast as he can.
Cas’ sentence is cut off when the door cracks open to reveal a clearly exasperated Sam, who’s not even looking at them, craning his neck back toward the stove to check on the food. “Dude, I can hear you two through the door,” he says to the stove before slowly turning to face them. “Are you coming in or what?”
“I don’t think I would do that.”
Cas narrows his eyes as Dean’s smile widens. His hand is splayed over the entire sheet of paper, and Cas swallows down the little spark of warmth he feels as he nudges Dean’s hand to the side.
“Hey, take this.” Cas pulls off his hat and holds it out to Dean.
Crowley raises an eyebrow and rests his chin on his fist, keeping the gun trained on Dean while he considers Sam. “What do I want,” he repeats. “Where’s the fun in sharing that so soon in the game?”
Not long after they find seats across from each other at a picnic table under the main pavilion next to the brewery itself, a salt-and-pepper black lab comes ambling over, leash trailing behind him on the concrete. Dean can’t help but think that Sam would be in his heyday here, especially when the dog starts sniffing at him and Cas.
Novak’s got the
“Was this from them?”
“Hey, I like
“Cas, I’m trying to—”
vision back. I started running into shit--blind spots--and I was still having issues seeing at night on top of all this, and it got to the point where Sam was freaked out enough to bring me to the optometrist. He ran a few tests, told us about RP, and it was just a waiting game after that.” He shrugs again. “Things got worse and worse, then I finally woke up one morning--” he snaps his fingers “--with nothing. Just some shadows.”
Dean nods, as if in approval. "Nice to meet'cha, Cas, I'm Dean."
Before either of them can answer, though, Sam latches onto something else. “Uh, I don’t mean to be rude,” he stammers. “Happy as we are to see you again, did you just say the
’s first openly bisexual contestant. He’s been all Twitter and gossip outlets have been able to talk about for weeks now, and finally having a face to match to the name is almost surreal.
Cas looks over at Dean and silently thanks whatever or whoever’s up there that he’s found someone with whom he can just comfortably enjoy the silence.
There’s still no reaction, and Cas chuckles humorlessly. “You’re really going to make me say it, aren’t you?”
“You okay, Cas?” he asks.
“Jesus.”
“Am I—Sam, have you
When Dean looks at Lisa across the table, her cheeks have gone bright red, and he grins.
As they walk, Cas learns more about Dean. He's from Kansas, and he's got a little brother named Sammy. His dad's a mechanic and used to be a Marine. He didn't mention anything about his mom, so Cas doesn't ask. He loves rock music, sci-fi, and comic books, which Cas is surprised by. He didn't take Dean as the kind of person to be into things that could've gotten him beat up in elementary school.
He can see everything in those eyes, the vulnerability, the eagerness, the infatuation, and Cas just stares. It’s obvious that Dean knows what he’s doing, but there’s something else there, an odd kind of trust and desire to do good that Cas can’t entirely describe.
“Wait, wait, wait!” Anna says, ushering Cas and Dean together. “Let me take a picture.”
liked the cake, and
“Relax, Dean,” Sam murmurs, looking off into the distance in that infuriatingly calm way of his as he tries to get a handle on the situation.
!” He’d been an idiot, taking a step forward to talk to Cas, and the schmuck on the sorry excuse for a porch rewards him with another round of warning shots that bursts around them.
“Still,” he says. “I’m sorry.”
. Cas freezes mid-step and blinks. With a quick shake of his head, he dismisses the thought and runs his hands down his tie.
“Winchester, Winchester, Winchester,” he says, raising his sunglasses so they’re perched on top of his head. “If it ain’t my favorite fairy.” He raises the pickaxe higher, forcing Dean to tilt his chin up even more. “Such a smart mouth on you, though...reckon I could think of a few ways to shut it for you.” Dean closes his eyes, but Heyerdahl holds him in place. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
The sun is bright and hits him immediately when he exits his building, and he feels around the top of his head for his sunglasses before dragging them down in front of his eyes and starting on his afternoon run.
“A convenience.” The way he says it makes it clear there’s no use arguing with him. “I doubt any of us ended up here by taking advantage of conveniences, don’t you think?”
It’s fancy, and Dean, well, Dean’s not.
“Sorry I missed you earlier, dude,” he says, walking over and grabbing Cas’ hand in a firm shake. “I’m Gabe.” He flashes Cas a mischievous little grin and shoves his hair back out of his eyes.
Cas glares at him, but before he can respond, Dean continues, “You were right.”
There’s no additional response from Dean for a few minutes, and Cas rolls his eyes.
Before her video even connects, Charlie’s singsong voice echoes through the tinny speakers on Cas’ laptop. “Hello, my little lovebirds,” she croons. When she finally shows up onscreen, her chin is resting on top of her hands and she’s looking at Cas and Dean with eyes that may as well have literal hearts in them.
“Dean’s probably the most stubborn person I know,” Sam interrupts. He’s trying to sound easygoing, like he’s joking, but Castiel can hear the truth in Sam’s voice, as well. “And he’s just kind of, I don’t know, sensitive’s probably not the right word, but he hasn’t thought about running since everything happened.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not a fucking charity case, Sam,” Dean says through gritted teeth.
They slide the tray onto the rack, being careful to avoid getting burned, and Dean closes the oven door with a flourish. “Sammy’s not getting any of these, just so you know,” he says, and Cas laughs.
“Nah, he wasn’t that bad,” Dean says, but his eyes make it clear that he completely agrees with Billie’s sentiment.
Dean flashes him that crooked smile again, and Cas’ heart jumps. “I have faith in you.” He leans back in his seat and waits expectantly.
they’re right would mean that he’d have to make some changes, take some action, and he’s not ready for either of those things.
night.
“Oh! Oh, sorry. Thank you. Thank you. Uh,
“So, listen,” Dean says suddenly, and Cas has to fight to hide the way he startles at the interruption. “About the other night. I was, uh, it wasn’t a great day for me. I probably came across as a real dick, so...yeah. I mean, it’s not...it won’t happen again. Just wanted to let you know.”
think?” Billie asks.
a spark. And you followed me a few hours later.” He shrugs. “'m a bit of a hopeless romantic sometimes.”
“No promises.” She glances down at the nearly complete seating plan on the coffee table, then over at the brothers. “Might want to add one more name to the seating chart, hon,” Jess says, nudging Sam with her shoulder and winking at Dean.
That had been Sam’s lone caveat—for them to find some way to hide their faces—and Charlie had used her magic to drum up a couple of fake gray beards on strings. They’re long and scratchy and make Dean feel like a goddamn moron, but as idiotic as he feels, it’s still better than being thrown back in jail.
So, Cas and Charlie decided to use that for inspiration, and made one for Dean.
“He’s fucking
About a half hour later, once they’ve gotten their medals and Gatorade--which Dean downs in a solid fifteen seconds--Sam and Anna find them off near the gigantic water station for the runners to start recuperating and rehydrating themselves. Cas hears Anna’s excited squeal before he sees her, and within seconds, she’s pounced on him, wrapping him in a tight hug.
“That’s putting it mildly,” Dean mutters, barely audible next to Cas’ ear. Cas bites the inside of his cheek to conceal a smirk and knocks his knee against Dean’s under the table.
"It's called
Sam regards him cautiously, but Dean doesn’t miss the curiosity in his tone when he asks, “How do you figure?”
Cas laughs. “I’ll make sure not to.”
“Do what?”
“No, no, no,” she interrupts, taking the paper back from him. “I wanted to be sure this wasn’t a mistake. It’s not every day—or every
Cas gapes at that, trying and failing to find the right words to respond. Would Dean really want to do this again? Does
Dean glares at him. “Yeah? Your fully-formed brain got any ideas on how to deal with this shit, then?” he asks, gesturing down at himself and shaking the chain again.
So sue him, Dean’s already looking forward to it.
He needs a distraction. And, according to the host of a video titled “Best Cruise Tips and Tricks from the Nautical Pros,” a new suitcase.
Cas smiles and nods, tilting Dean’s jaw toward him and giving him a kiss. “I wish I could’ve done this for you, though,” he says, tracing a finger along Dean’s inner thigh. Dean wraps his arm around Cas’ shoulders and kisses his temple, resting their heads together; Cas’ stomach does a happy little flip at his response.
It’s so quick, so quiet, Dean almost misses it. “What’s that, now?”
Sam laughs humorlessly and scrubs a hand down his face. "Yeah, me neither. I mean, he's always fine after a couple of days, but it still freaks me out, I guess. I don't know. It's weird not having him bouncing all over the place, no matter how obnoxious he is." He grins to himself, and Cas smiles, too, picturing the energy and spark that Dean seems to bring wherever he goes; now that it's been pointed out, the hollow spot in Cas' chest feels even emptier.
“I quit.”
“Sorry, buddy,” Sam says, scratching behind one of Rudy’s ears. “Playtime later, okay?” Rudy drops back down onto all fours and when he does, Castiel hears a tinkling bell for the first time. He looks down and realizes that that’s exactly what it is: a small brass bell, the kind store owners use to announce the presence of entering customers, is threaded through Rudy’s collar and dangling at the base of his neck. Castiel is about to comment on it when a deep, rich voice shouts from the couch in the living room.
“People think that a blind person can figure out what you look like if they touch your face,” Anna says. Castiel can feel the muscles in her face moving as she speaks, and he pulls his hand away quickly. “What’d you feel?”
Decision made, Dean lets the front two legs of his chair drop to the floor. He scoops up his coffee cup and downs the rest of it in two gulps. He looks up to tell the PA exactly that—
“Yeah, I think so.”
“What?”
“I won’t be able to s--”
As Cas tries to reassure himself of the fact that his secret will stay that way, their waiter approaches the table and greets them. “Hi, welcome to The Restaurant,” the waiter says quickly, passing out menus without looking up, and Cas nearly falls out of his chair when he hears his voice. “My name’s Dean, I’ll be takin’ care of ya. What’ll you have for drinks?”
They clap until their hands are sore, and when the house lights come back up, Cas looks just as stunned as Dean feels.
“Come on, dude,” he says, “what’ve you got to lose?”
, he’s got no idea—and he finally just shakes his head and mutters, “Liked you better when you didn’t talk.”
It’s not exactly a
It’s awkward, running along the side of an incline with a return to prison under you and your ticket to freedom above you, but somehow, Sam manages one more burst of speed and hauls himself up and into the car.
Cas tries to laugh along with the rest of them, but even he can tell it comes out forced and uncomfortable. “Can we, uh, can we cut that down a little?” Dean’s fingers lace through Cas’ and he squeezes his hand. Cas looks down at their entwined fingers, a small smile playing on his lips as he brushes his thumb across Dean’s knuckles. “I’m sure people don’t want to see us—”
“Did you not hear me?” the man hisses. “Shut the fuck up, and we’ll make this as easy as possible.” He waits for Cas to nod before removing his hand.
. He uses his nervous energy and uncertainty about the situation to power him through his run, from the light jog at the very beginning all the way to the return to his apartment, seven miles later. His hair’s a mess, he’s drenched in sweat, and all he wants is a shower and maybe a beer...and for Dean Winchester to get the hell out of his head, but that doesn’t seem to be happening any time soon.
“We just saw the contestants for this season,” Hannah resumes, “and let me tell you, I am a changed woman. Lisa’s got her pick of the litter this season, but—”
put on the fridge: a drawing of the two of them and their Tuesday night pizza. He’s just starting in on Sam’s ridiculous mane of hair when Rowena MacLeod practically floats her way into the breakroom like some kind of pixie. She’s been at Thompson for two years, but climbed to the top of the chemistry department after only three semesters. She’s another one Dean never really works with directly, but he won’t let that sweet Scottish accent fool him: he’s heard enough stories about her ferocity to last a lifetime.
“Oh, shit.” Cas turns around to see Sam leaning against the entryway to the kitchen, looking a little annoyed at Dean, but otherwise completely unfazed. “Was it the cutting his finger thing?”
Dean chuckles and winks. “Well, I
“Cas, I—”
“Sorry,” Cas mumbles quickly, withdrawing his hand and busying himself with trying to find a salad bowl.
Dean nods amicably as he approaches Heyerdahl, trying hard to swallow down the nausea that starts bubbling up in his chest at the sight of him. “Morning, Heyerdahl,” he says to the man, who’s looming over him from where he’s mounted on his horse. “That a new shirt? Looks new. Doin’ wonders for your eyes.”
Still unsure if Dean is awake, Cas takes a step closer and notices earbuds resting in Dean’s ears. Jack is lying on the floor, and Dean’s fingers are absently scratching at the dog’s black fur.
“‘m gonna—”
“I’m not sayin’ we
Cas rolls his eyes, but still feels the need to apologize. “Sorry. It’s still just a little--”
“No?”
, it...well, it throws a wrench into things.
His teammate’s eyes sparkle with amusement, and he laughs. “I’m just fucking with you, dude.” He takes a step forward and smacks Cas on the side of his arm. “Victor Henriksen. Second base.”
,” Cas repeats, and Billie throws her hands up in frustration. Before anyone can say anything else, Cas repeats, “I’ve gotta go get ready. I’ll talk to you all later.”
He keeps his pep talk going as he walks through the badly faded double doors leading into the school.
Dean’s learned the hard way not to express interest in another man unless he’s following the guy’s lead, and Novak sure as hell ain’t leading shit. So Dean does what he does best: he covers it up, convinces himself that whatever he’s feeling for Novak is just a fantasy. Because the chances—ha, the
Anna nods eagerly while Castiel suddenly takes a renewed interest in his cookies.
podcast out there, Dean.”
Dean rolls his eyes. Vodka, then. “What’s up?”
He’s staring at a photo of him and Dean, sitting on a bench in the park. Their backs are to the camera, which just makes the whole thing even creepier, and their heads are turned just enough to make them identifiable from the faint glow of a nearby streetlamp mixed with the moonlight.
“Thank you.” He releases Dean’s hair and continues to inspect the cut, making a mental note of what he would need to clean and sanitize it. It doesn’t seem too deep--not deep enough for stitches--and he’s confident that he could get the dirt out with some soap and water.
Winchester narrows his eyes, but keeps his mouth shut. Cas clears his throat uncomfortably before nodding to himself and taking a seat in the chair in the corner. He can feel Winchester’s eyes on him as he sits down, and when he glances up, he catches Winchester’s eyes darting away, his cheeks going slightly red at being caught looking--or maybe that’s just the general exertion of being held captive. Cas keeps his eyes on him, curious as to how Winchester will react to that, and his eyebrows raise in surprise when Winchester looks back up at him.
He purses his lips, staring intently at Hannah’s laptop screen as he scans quickly through all the names and photos, searching for one in particular.
Cas furrows his brows together. “Well, considering I don't even know what ‘it’ is--”
Dean hands him the flyer and gives him a minute to read it over before flashing a grin. “Well, who are we to deny the world of our ridiculous talents?”
,” he corrects.
“Hello?” His voice is rough and breathless, and he sucks in air through his nose to try and even out his breathing as he waits for the response.
Dean laughs bitterly, one hand on his hip and the other tangled in his hair as he looks up at the sky in frustration. “You
too bad. All his teeth are still there, no fat lips or makeshift splints for his fingers, and Cas is almost 100% sure that the dark circles under Dean’s eyes are just from exhaustion, not a fist to the face.
“We’re going down,” he says, “get ready.” They pound the pavement as they go, the shocks resonating up Cas’ legs as his sneaks smack against the downward slanting road. When he glances up at the Prudential again, he looks at Dean, who’s focused straight ahead, chewing determinedly on his lower lip to try and combat his exhaustion. “Hey,” he says, nudging Dean gently, just enough to get his attention. He didn’t want to be the cause of Dean tripping and eating shit in front of thousands of people; Dean would never forgive him. “We made it. We didn’t have to stop.”
, he can’t stay annoyed for too long.
He arches his back a little as he hangs up his vest, pressing his hands into the small of his back in a weak attempt to stretch after his shift. He had been assigned to spend the day at the front welcome desk, which is one of his least favorite aspects of his job at the Museum of Science, but if he’s being honest with himself, nearly
, but for some reason the dude still came to introduce himself on Dean’s first day, all sharp blue eyes and firm handshakes and starched white button-downs with the sleeves rolled up to the elbows, which are all good in and of themselves, but throw ‘em all together and you’ve got Dean’s kryptonite.
And without a second thought, Dean drops. He, Sam, and Novak are in perfect sync right away, falling to their knees then their stomachs like they’re part of some jailbird dance recital. Dean’s chest heaves against the ground, dirt coming up in little puffs around his mouth as he tries to catch his breath. He closes his eyes and listens hard for Sam’s next directive.
Sam rolls his eyes. “You’re drunk, dude.”
“Then neither does Dean. He’s still a
“Hot damn, what a day, boys!” Dean says with a laugh. He leans back against a tree, legs crossed at the ankles, and takes a long pull of one of the beers Bobby’d sent them off with. Say what you will about his people skills, but the man knows how to put together care packages like the best of ‘em.
Gabe considers him for a second, then says, “You’re a weirdo. I bet you’d like this.”
"I'm sure you know a lot."
problems,
Cas can’t stop his jaw from dropping, and he stares at his friends incredulously. “No. Who said I’m even
Hannah pokes her head up from a pile of supplies and flashes Cas a warm smile. “Evening,” she says brightly as Cas starts ambling around the inside of the tent.
Dean wouldn’t fuck with her, that’s for sure.
Moving fast, Dean turns his back to Cas and holds the phone up high, angling it to get both of them as well as a handful of umbrellas in the frame. Confused, Cas watches as Dean turns the phone back around so he can look at the picture, then glances up at him.
When Cas looks up again, Gabe’s grinning widely, and he immediately wants to retract his statement. He digs into his pocket and hands Cas a badly crumpled plane ticket. Cas stares at it the second it hits his palm, then looks up at his brother. “Are you kidding me?”
Sam’s backing away from the scene looking wide-eyed and panicked. If he hadn’t already had a plan to resume his law practice once things had settled down, Dean’s certain he’d have himself a future in the pictures with how good of a show he’s putting on right now.
Cas shakes his head as his cheeks go hot in embarrassment, squeezing his eyes shut as he tries to will himself to stop thinking about Dean’s eyes, Dean’s laugh, Dean’s smile—just,
Dean just stares at him for a few seconds, unable to do anything but grin. He picked him. This guy picked
--that he can’t close out of soon enough, hopefully before Dean caught a glimpse of it.
Not that he’d been considering dating Dean.
Dean sighs. “Please don’t do this, man. I already have enough people pitying me, or feeling guilty about shit that’s not even their fault. Yeah, it’s weird, I get it, but I
Dean looks at him flatly. “Don’t see why that concerns you.”
He’s next, or at least a cartoon version of him, looking stupid and awestruck with his hand held up toward the butterfly, like he’s waiting for it to land in his palm. It’s not his best work, but it gets the point across to his audience of one (and Dean’s gonna make sure it stays that way; there’s no way Sam’s getting his mitts on this one).
Dean pulls back and holds Cas’ hands. “I love you,” he says suddenly, looking almost as surprised by the words as Cas does. “So fucking much, Cas.”
And fuck, if this guy doesn’t practically knock him
“Boys’ trip!” he shouts, flopping down onto the free couch. “The Novak brothers take to the high seas!” He pauses, then adds, “We should’ve made matching T-shirts. Think it’s too late for us to make matching T-shirts?”
Dean pauses for a second, tilting his head to the side as he replays Cas’ words in his head. Finally, he shrugs; Cas does have a point, even if he’s heard of lots of people making deals with those they’ve met in line that if one of them wins, the other will get the second ticket. “I guess you’re right,” he says, making slow, exaggerated movements toward the person calling out winners’ names. “I’ll just go tell him that I actually only need one ticke--”
silent. Don’t you just check all the boxes?”
Cas sighs and runs a hand through his already-messy hair as he makes his way through the camp. He doesn’t need this, doesn’t need those thoughts right now. He can’t have been the only one in the Company to notice how good-looking Winchester is, but he’s undoubtedly the only one who’s considered the fact that maybe Winchester thinks the same of him.
“Let’s get this over with.”
“Why don’t you let them enjoy their food in peace, huh?”
much of an idiot.”
Cas purses his lips. “Come on, Winchester,” he says. “Show me up.”
Their desserts are delivered by another waiter entirely, and Cas holds out for as long as he can, but his brothers draw the line after waiting for twenty minutes.
“Like I said,” he says quietly. “Hell of a voice on you, Novak.”
Dean just stands there, rubbing soothing circles into her back, muttering something into her ear. He keeps her in his embrace, still talking and consoling, until the girl finally pulls away herself. Dean stands at arm’s length, holding her shoulders and still talking to her. She wipes her cheek messily with her entire palm and finally manages a shaky smile.
“So, that’s them,” Dean says as they get back into the Impala after having concluded the family portion of the evening. “Hope they didn’t scare you off too much.”
Cas breathes a sigh of relief when Dean doesn’t mention anything about Instagram. He must not have seen it; Cas must have undone it in time to beat the system.
“No one else knows about this,” he says, “and I intend to keep it that way. I’m not going to set myself up to become a laughingstock when whatever game he’s playing inevitably comes to light.”
can help
like an athlete, but he had seemed friendly over the phone, which is all Cas can really ask for.
. Just be a nice person.” She studies his face--which he’s sure is still frozen in a look of shock--before continuing. “Dean went blind a little less than a year ago, but before he did, he had run a qualifying time at the Chicago Marathon, and was planning to participate in Boston’s. He’s still entirely eligible, and according to his brother, he wants to do it. Now he just needs a guide.”
If he’d had the opportunity, he actually might’ve gone through with it, but before he can act on the impulse, Dean’s snapped out of whatever trance he’d been in, taking unsteady steps backward.
Cas’ last walk of shame had been during his sophomore year in college, but he doesn’t remember it being nearly as nerve-wracking as this one.
at that; it takes a second for Dean to realize that the noise is actually coming from himself. Before his alcohol-soaked brain can snap him out of it, he rests his free hand against Cas’ cheek before shoving it fondly—and gently, gently; the last thing he wants to do is hurt someone as beautiful as Cas. The feeling of the days-old stubble under Dean’s palm feels
Cas replays the moment in his mind as he starts his Google search, the only light in his apartment coming from the screen of his laptop.
But then Dean found out he’d never been to a Red Sox game.
It’s an introvert’s nightmare.
“Get your own,” he says with a smirk, and who’s Dean to say no to that?
They sit in silence for a moment, and Cas lets himself relax. He drops his hands away from his lap, letting his right hand slide along the door frame while the left rests on the seat between him and Dean. Suddenly, Cas realizes that he doesn’t know for sure how Dean lost his vision in the first place. All he has is Anna’s note about RP, whatever that is.
Castiel nods, pushing the pad back toward Sam as he pockets his pen. “Let me know,” he says quickly, making for the front door. Almost immediately after he closes it and starts making his way down the porch and back to his car, Castiel can hear the brothers yelling at each other. He pulls his phone out of his pocket and notices that he’s got a new text from Anna.
The house at 485 Rochdale Street is huge, painted a calm powder blue color with white shutters, with a white wraparound porch that looks like it’s made to sip lemonade on during the summertime. Well-kept shrubs dotted with pink flowers line the house, and if Castiel had to guess, he’d say that they’re taken care of by a professional, at least on a weekly basis. Taking a deep breath, Castiel pockets the paper with his partner’s name and address and climbs out of the car, ambling toward the front door and trying his best to act like he’s not out of place, like he belongs here, like he knows what the hell he's doing.
into a Broadway show, man. I mean, really. This thing is all I listen to. It’s becoming a problem.”
That’s it; he’s gotta get out of here.
“I hope Sam and Jessica agree with you,” Castiel says, wringing his hands awkwardly in his lap.
Cas nods again and heads for the exit. “Thanks, Michael.”
“Y’know how long I've wanted to do this?” he mumbles, slipping under Dean’s shirt and running his hands over his chest, until he manages to tug it up and over his head.
’s smoking, and that something is too close for comfort for Dean’s liking. Keeping his eyes on the opening of the loft looking out into the night, Dean jostles Sam awake while calling hesitantly for Cas. Sam swats his hand away, and it’s all Dean can do not to smack him right there.
Novak picks up more chains next, and Sam follows their lead, shaking out his shoulders as the three of them zero in on the train. “Fast as we can, boys.”
Cas opens and closes his mouth, trying to find an adequate response to Hannah’s creepily accurate observation, and she laughs. “Find me for lunch, okay?” And before Cas can answer, she turns on her heel and leaves his cube, humming, “Just sit right back and you’ll hear a tale, a tale of a fateful ship…”
“Mhmm.”
don’t believe folks usually go around throwing their friends to traitor cousins!”
“On three,” she says, and Cas sighs before forcing his mouth into a smile as he looks over at his brothers. “One, two…”
It’s a Tuesday night when Cas finally shows Dean
Dean, the Dean you’ve been crushing on for as long as I’ve known you and who you
“I’m getting some actual snacks this time,” Jess announces as she straightens up. “You two, don’t kill each other while I’m gone.”
“You.”
“Looks like you’ll be wearing purple now, too, huh?”
Cas stares at him, and he winks. With a sigh, Cas hefts his backpack over his shoulder and grabs his suitcase, hoping that the goddamn pizza boxes will cause Gabe to return to some kind of ant or rodent infestation.
“Good food,” Dean says, and this time, he definitely steps closer to Cas, and Cas straightens immediately when he feels Dean’s hand ghost along his lower back. Can is about to instinctively lean into the touch when Dean’s hand is gone again, and he’s moved over to the fridge, which is conveniently right next to Cas, and Cas’ heart sinks. Dean was just trying to get to the fridge. That was all.
Wellesley College has officially become his new favorite place.
embarrassment
“Exactly!”
“How can I be expected to act excited when I just found out that my best friend is the Colt?”
Cas had been ready for the exhaustion, the sore muscles and screaming tendons and stitches in his side, but the one thing that Cas really isn’t prepared for, though, is the cheering. Tens of thousands of people have lined all 26.2 miles of the course, camped out hours in advance to get a good spot, and are cheering him and Dean on. They don’t know them, will probably never see them again, but they still want to see them finish and achieve what they set out to do, and Cas suddenly reverses his opinion that running is a solitary activity.
The sound of Heyerdahl getting his ass verbally handed to him—every time he tries to interject with a horseshit excuse, Jessica cuts him off with a response of her own—is music to Dean’s ears.
Dean pauses in mid-jab before reaching out for Cas’ hand. Cas offers it to him; Dean’s fingers clasp around his wrist, and Cas yelps in surprise as Dean pulls him down next to him. He can see the way Dean smirks as he wraps his arm around Cas’ shoulders, and Cas rolls his eyes.
“She knows it’s true, too, you moron.” Chuckling, Dean shoves Sam once more as he passes, but is surprised to feel no retaliation from his brother. Turning around, he spots Sam, stopped in his tracks with his head turned looking back from where they came. Confused, he tugs Cas to a halt as well, and the two of them follow Sam’s gaze.
Dean turns his attention to Billie almost immediately. “That was some mighty fine guitar-playing,” he says with a grin. “Next thing they’ll tell me is you sold your soul to be able to play like that.” He grins at her, feeling an odd need to impress her—or at the very least, get her to
A quick sweep across the next cell doesn’t reveal much, but just as Dean’s about to move on, the beam catches a flash of brilliant blue eyes gazing blankly out into the main corridor from the bottom bunk, and Dean’s heart seizes in his chest.
your eyes.” She waggles her eyebrows suggestively.
When Charlie pats the top of the piano with a simple “Here,” though, all of Gabe’s energy comes rearing back. He hops onto the piano and sprawls out across the lid, lying on his side and tucking himself up on his elbow. His eyes dart around for a second before he snatches one of the fake roses out of the vase in front of Cas and clamps it between his teeth.
Dean looks down at it, but shakes his head. “’S-s okay, Cas.”
Dean huffs out a laugh; it’s all he can do. He looks up at the sky and sees blue. Cas’ blue. “Cas would’ve noticed something was off about him,” he murmurs.
Cas’ brow furrows. “Your bo--no, Dean. We’re making food.”
"Dean, it's okay, I'll just..." Cas' voice trails off when he notices Dean stiffen.
He’s resigning himself to the fact that he might be forced to do just that when the judge—who Dean recognizes as Rufus Turner, the same man who’d dealt him his fate last go round—enters the courtroom.
The faint drone of men singing starts to float into Dean’s consciousness before he can respond. He’d recognize it anywhere; he and Sam had been singing the same songs while out working just a few days ago, and Dean swallows past the stab of guilt in his chest as the beginnings of another chain gang start to come into view.
Dean wants to ask him a lot of things, Cas can tell. Why he’d been excited, when that changed,
"Yes."
“I’ll make you some waffles when we’re done,” Cas says teasingly. “Waffles and bacon and sausage and home fries.”
Or at least, that’s what he hopes.
“Sure.”
When Cas arrives early the next morning, he’s surprised to see Dean sitting out on the porch steps. He’s got his phone next to him, its speakers broadcasting something that sounds like a story, and Cas realizes that he’s listening to an audiobook. He’s tapping his sneakered feet against the ground every so often, and he’s got a leash loosely wrapped in his hand; Jack is lounging on the grass. He peeks up at Cas and yawns.
Oblivious to Gabe’s obscene hygiene violation—or just used to blocking that particular action out—Charlie gestures for Balthazar to lean against the piano, legs crossed at the ankles, “Looking classy.”
Cas startles a little when he feels Dean take his hand, but he squeezes it and gives him a small smile when Dean squeezes back. “Ready.”
know. It’s just him being a good guy, a good
sticks up their asses, Cooke.”
“Not bad, Winchester,” he says, shooting a quick finger gun at himself in the mirror with a click of his tongue before turning to the side and smoothing the shirt down against his chest. “Not bad at all.”
“The finish line?”
“Give me that, Tran,” he hisses. He tears open the envelope in one fluid motion and pulls out the tiny card, eyes scanning it expectantly before going dark.
as blue as this guy’s eyes, and it’s a little unnerving, if he’s being honest. “I’m not Sam.”
His stomach clenches with anxiety as he throws his blankets off and swings his legs over the side of his bed. His toes dig into the carpet as he drops his head in his hands. Keeping his head down, he reaches blindly for his phone, palming around on the nightstand until his fingers wrap around it. Maybe the guy’s on Facebook. Dean unlocks his phone and is about to thumb over to the Facebook app when he stops himself. If Cas
Cas’ face goes pink in the darkness, and he rolls his eyes, trying to forget the fact that earlier that night, when Dean had suggested they go see a comedian at the Middle East, Cas had thought he meant the area of the world, not the club in Cambridge. “You’re acting like I killed a puppy, Dean.”
He glances over at Cas, who’s holding his playbill up with one hand and taking a picture of it with the stage in the background with the other. The rest of their fellow winners file in slowly, offering them more smiles and high fives and congratulations as they pass, like they’re all part of some exclusive club, which, Dean guesses, they kind of are.
“Want to get our picture taken?”
Cas looks at him, still confused, before saying, “I wanted to look nice.”
of the crowd, not the front.
Once it’s time for him to get back to work, Cas gently pulls himself to his feet, taking care not to disturb Dean. He’s about to head back out to work when he remembers something. He digs into his pocket and pulls out the small chocolate from Hannah, then places it on the armrest next to Dean’s hand. A little ball of warmth starts to spread in his gut, and he grins before leaning over and pressing a kiss to his husband’s forehead.
“Sam won’t shut up about it, so I’ll do it.” He sounds utterly defeated, and as Castiel kicks his shoes next to the door and grabs a seat on one of the barstools in the kitchen, he finds himself wishing he could tell Dean he didn’t have to do this.
“You’re not going to wait until after we run?”
Cas breaks out into sputtering coughs, dropping his beer to the ground and pressing a fist to his chest.
Cas hates that his first reaction to that is,
Cas lets out a surprised squeak before he can stop himself. “I, what?”
It’s the man’s gun. Crowley hadn’t thought to get it off him before making a run for it. Dean thought his little brother had just been paying his respects when he’d knelt down next to him, closing the man’s eyes, maybe wishing him well into the afterlife, but Sam—smart, quick, sharp as a tack Sam—had been miles ahead.
Before she can answer, though, they both hear the door to the break room swing open with a creak. Cas can feel Hannah craning her neck to look over her shoulder as he peers down the hall curiously. Dean pokes his head out and flashes a crooked grin at the both of them, then motions for Cas to come over.
“You need to be easier on yourself,” he finally says.
“Why you asked me out. You just want dirt for your little show, don’t you?”
The living room erupts in whoops as several of Dean’s fellow bachelors clap him on the back with a mixture of excitement and jealousy. Even Kevin looks pleased, if only because Alastair’s not the one going on the date. Alastair drops the card to the glass coffee table and stalks off without a word, Raphael and Zachariah following close behind.
Instead, he tries to ignore the way his palms are sweating, the way his head feels light but heavy at the same time, the way he’s about to voluntarily make a fool of himself on national TV.
“I know there’s no good time to bring this up. I know you’d probably be happy if you never had to think about it again, but when you had said that you’re not dealing with that again…” Cas’ voice trails off, and his heart drops at the way Dean’s eyes dart down to his feet. “I don’t know what
Balthazar rests a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “He’s got it,” he says. “He had to show it to get on the plane, after all.”
Dean raises his eyebrows. “Yeah?”
It’s his last confessional-style interview before his proposal to Lisa, and all traces of the suave, confident persona he’d inhabited during the entire season of The Bachelorette seem to have disappeared, replaced with the equivalent of an inexperienced middle schooler. He sucks in a breath through his nose and releases it in a quick sigh, then finally looks up with a nervous smile.
?” he says. “Your eyes practically turn into fucking hearts the second anyone talks about him.”
Cas knows how reality TV works, how much they twist and alter the truth for ratings and artificial drama, but he had been convinced, was
“Oh. Uh—” Dean rubs the back of his neck, then decides Sam wouldn’t care if Cas knew anyway. “Why does anyone do anything? Love.”
“Want to go to the finish line?” Dean asks suddenly.
Cas can’t help but think that Sam’s hugs are just as warm as he’d imagined from the moment he saw him hug Lisa during hometowns.
A producer tries to discourage him from off-camera, and Dean turns a gloved, pixelated middle finger in their direction.
she didn’t. There’s no way Dean’s that obvious; he’s just pissed off, he’s not fawning, there’s no fucking
Dean grins at her, then Charlie, who adjusts a flat cap of her own before beaming at the three of them and going in for hugs.
“What?”
Sam grins and shakes his head as Cas sits down on the edge of the couch, right where Dean was sprawled out when they first met. "He's gonna be so pissed I told you."
“You don’t usually make pie?” he repeats, trying and failing to keep the disbelief out of his voice. “A bakery that doesn’t sell pie.” It’s not a question; it’s more like he’s just trying to wrap his head around the fact. “You’ve gotta be kidding me,” he says with a shake of his head and a small smile.
with someone, especially right from the get-go, and it’s unsettling, to say the least. Hell, he’s only interacted with Dean for all of five minutes, and now the guy has decided to go and make himself at home in Castiel’s head? Every time he tries to force Dean out of his mind, though, the man seems to dig down deeper, and Castiel thinks of more and more things he likes about him, and how he’s absolutely not the worst person to be thinking about on a regular basis.
“They lost their luster after a while. Besides, we’ve got more important things to worry about,” Cas says, picking up his pace and hoping Dean would follow his lead. “I told everyone we’d be there five minutes ago, and—”
Sam nods. “Our third musketeer.”
“Cassie, you
“I was plenty scared myself.”
Lisa’s smile gets wider by the second. “Right answer,” she says, draping Dean’s arm around her shoulders as the two of them watch Ben finish out the game. Once he’s done, they stop at a local deli for lunch, and Ben can’t stop talking about his new favorite pastime.
“You look good,” Dean tells him, adjusting Cas’ lapels just slightly before resting his hands on his shoulders and looking him up and down. The back of the general store is dirty and muddy, the nearby alley piled high with trash, but Dean’s got tunnel vision for Cas. “Like a fine, upstanding citizen if I’ve ever seen one.”
“So,” he says, turning back to look at Dean, “what was your favorite part?”
Dean called him Cas.
Dean’s face brightens as he hands Cas a cup. “Awesome.”
Dean rolls his eyes and swipes at his little brother. “Two-way street, Sammy."
Dean glares at him, taking another bite of the donut. “How the fuck am I supposed to eat another donut after this? Everything is subpar now. Everything sucks.”
Sam’s in front of them now, but that doesn’t stop Dean from still being able to practically see the eyeroll. “He’s got no obligation to tell us anything he don’t want to, Dean.”
“Well, I know it’s you.”
turn around at that, though. “Who?”
Hannah grins, a pleasant, knowing sight that Cas loves. “Well, I imagine we'd
Castiel gives Dean another smile, this one just as small, but shining with a bit more confidence that makes warmth flare up in Dean’s chest. “Thank you, Dean.”
Gabe leans back, doing his best attempt at looking affronted; to Cas, he just looks constipated. He scoffs, “Christ, of course not. Come on, is it so ridiculous to think I might just want you to come out of the goodness of my heart? To spend my birthday
“You got Dean to like a
“You’re so fucking good, Dean Winchester,” he says, almost awestruck. “You’re incredible.”
"Everybody!" the waitress yells over the clamoring in the diner. "Everybody, we've got a Red Arrow Virgin here!"
Dean rolls his eyes. "Fuckin'…Guy Fieri."
“You have a favorite
Dean laughs breathlessly. “Wanna stop for a Sox game, Cas?” he pants, swallowing hard.
the most endearing thing Cas has ever seen.
Jess lets out a delighted little squeal, and smacks Sam hard on the arm. “I
When Dean turns to look over at him, he has to work hard to make sure that his jaw doesn’t drop open. A look of pure admiration and awe on his face, Cas is staring up at the stage, at Chris, who’s still standing there proudly in the spotlight, shoulders heaving. Cas’ hands are tented in front of his mouth and nose, but Dean isn’t surprised when he sees Cas quickly palm away a couple of tears.
. My sister owns the bakery with me, but I usually just do the baking while she does everything else. She said I needed to practice being the ‘face’ of the bakery, because apparently my ‘people skills’ are ‘rusty,’“ he says, making air quotes as he speaks.
“I know,” he finally says. “And I appreciate it. I gotta say, hell of a right hook on you, though. I wouldn’t want to be on your bad side.” Dean pauses, then shrugs. “Well,
Cas decides the oven is as good a place as any to store sheet pans and baking dishes, where Dean would then have to pull 400-degree ceramics out of the oven and wait for them to cool down before being able to cook them dinner.
Castiel sighs, tracing his finger along the three lines under his name. He would've at least appreciated a picture of the guy.
Other times, Cas can’t stand his brain and the way it makes him overthink things to the point of losing sleep, like the fact that, over a day later, it’s still tormenting him about that almost fucking kiss.
“Good goddamn riddance,” Sam murmurs, craning his neck up to watch smoke disappear into the night sky.
Cas is on the train on the way home Wednesday night when he gets a text from Sam. It's the day before he and Dean's next scheduled run, and three days after his visit to the Winchesters' house, and Cas would be lying if he said his stomach didn't twist up into knots at the sight of Sam's name on his phone screen.
. His crooked grin and bright green eyes make it clear that he’s ready to play and take anyone who’s willing with him. He’s toned and muscled, but not overly so.
A slim redheaded woman pokes her head up from behind one of the glass pastry cases as Dean approaches, and she flashes Dean a warm smile. Dean tries his best to return it--she looks nice enough, but he can’t help but feel a sharp pang of disappoint at the fact that she’s not Castiel.
“You told me about it,” he says before nodding toward a woman sitting a few seats away. “Refill?”
the show, and, by extension, Cas. They’d traded numbers to find each other that night, and Dean feels a warmth spreading in his gut at the idea of seeing him again so soon.
“C’mon,” Dean says in between chops, “you gotta admit, it was pretty funny.”
The guy’s holding a tattered old paperback in one hand, and quickly scrambles to dog-ear a page before closing it. “Sorry,” he says, glancing up at Dean for a second before looking back down and tucking the book into his messenger bag. “I wasn’t--I should’ve been paying better attention.”
“I was upset.”
When he finally manages to pull himself away from Cas—still keeping his hands on him, though—he notices Sam looking at them.
The security guard tips her glasses down the bridge of her nose, further scrutinizing Gabe’s identification. “He’s right,” she says, eyes darting up toward Cas as she returns Gabe’s passport. “I don’t.”
“I don’t know,” he says instead. “Probably just go on a tour or something.”
“Says the guy taking
. Didn’t matter, though; they’d been a good match, so good that Dean had been able to practically hear the wedding bells the second his little brother laid eyes on her. He hadn’t been wrong either—before getting thrown in Joliet, Sam had started planning a fancy proposal for her near the bandstand in Lawrence center, complete with flowers, a gleaming diamond ring, and even a banjo player to soundtrack the whole thing.
Cas hates himself for the way a warmth starts building in his stomach as he looks at Dean. As usual, he looks effortlessly good, like he just woke up, threw on some clothes, and took the train over here without any fanfare, which Cas is sure is exactly how it went down. His worn but well-fitting jeans cling to him in all the right ways, and the green and black flannel shirt he’s wearing brings out his eyes so much more than Cas is willing to admit.
“Oh, come on,” Raphael says with a roll of his eyes. “It was broad daylight, not the middle of the night. Everyone knows that.”
the fact that as he reads through the girl’s post and the dozen or so comments below it, he finds himself agreeing with them.
"Mhmm. Ready?"
“I always thought that sounded so sexual.”
Apparently Dean is on the same page, because he bursts forward with a sudden jolt of energy, taking Cas by surprise and causing him to frantically try and catch up while also alerting other runners to their presence.
And it works.
It seems like it takes all the energy Cas has to pull his lips up into a small smile, but he still does it, and Dean clings to it hard. “Only a little.”
. Maybe.
Cas’ eyes shoot up immediately, a blush rushing from his neck up his face, all the way to the tips of his ears. He closes the book and looks at the cover; sure enough,
“Cas,” Blue Eyes says, shaking Dean’s hand. “And same.”
look pretty dapper in a tux,” Charlie muses.
“Better luck next felony,” he says with a shrug, dropping down onto Bobby’s old couch with its mismatched patterns, faded colors, and questionable stains, all older than Dean himself.
Teeth tugging subtly on his bottom lip, Cas takes a few seconds to be anything but in the way his eyes start at Dean’s boots and make their way up, up, up to his eyes. Dean leans into the warmth Cas’ gaze ignites through his body, feeling pinned by his gaze in the best kind of way.
Wanting nothing more than to stare at the photo for the foreseeable future, Cas pockets his phone and decides that, despite his earlier fears, even if the ship did leave without them, it wouldn’t be so bad.
Dean furrows his brows together at the unexpected question, but answers anyway. “Uh, memes. Inspired by a project I gave one of my classes. Seriously, man, I’m—”
The man waves his hand. “Crowley’ll do just fine.”
—guy is walking toward him, he's looking down at a pair of muddy work boots, then up to a faded pair of jeans, at least three different layers of flannel, and finally into the greenest eyes he's ever seen.
And damn, just the
Dean spends most of the next day helping Sam and Jess decorate their venue, a niche little refurbished barn that's
“On it.” Dean grabs a few more fries before edging over to the stove, using his free hand to guide himself until he’s positioned himself in front of the tray. Cas peers over Dean’s shoulder, trying to keep his distance as he watches Dean lay the fries out on the foil. “Fix ‘em if you need to.” He pauses, then adds, “I can feel you hovering, Cas,” and Cas takes a surprised step back.
“Listen,” Dean says, and Castiel isn’t sure, but he could swear that Dean almost sounds a little bit
“No way,” Hannah says. “Heartthrob frontrunner, one hundred percent. I’d be surprised if he didn’t get the first impression rose, even if the producers have to make Lisa give it to him.”
. Why would he want to give me his number?”
piece of eye candy. Cas can still recognize a ridiculously good-looking man when he sees one (even if said man
“Was he really that bad?”
Cas shakes his head to wave off the apology. "I just hope he's okay."
They’ve almost cleared the rows of cells when another door opens and closes with a clang. Dean’s grip goes tighter around Cas’ arm as he turns around and to either side of them to try and pinpoint the source of the noise, with no luck. Sam’s having no luck either, and while all Dean wants to do is break into a sprint and get themselves the hell out of here as quick as possible, he knows that’s just setting them up to land right back where they started—or worse.
“If we’re sharing secrets,” Cas begins, his words coming out slow and careful. Shit, if this is some kind of payback for Dean takin’ his sweet-ass time spitting his own secret out, it’s goddamn excruciating. He’s just about to ask Cas to come out with it already when the guy says, “There was never a treasure.”
“Hello?”
Cas pauses. “You think--so you’re...bisexual?”
“So,” Dean says, undeterred, plopping his hands folded neatly in front of him on the table. “Why do you hate me?”
“Tell me.”
“I understand you’re not interested,” Cas goes on, trying to regain his composure, even just a little. “It stings, but I’m an adult. I can handle it. But I really don’t appreciate you flipping back and forth on what you actually want to do. It’s—”
She doesn’t know how lucky she is, just fucking
“Right? Glad you dig it, man. I don’t really show it to too many people. Only the ones I think would appreciate it, you know?”
“What—did you—how did you find this?”
“Ready for day one?” he asks.
“Hello,” Cas says with a soft smile.
For a few seconds, all Dean can really do is stare. The guy takes a couple steps back, lips curling into a hesitant smile as he reaches his hand out—a hand that, Dean can’t help but notice, is infuriatingly
Once Castiel arrives at the Winchesters and parks right next to the light pole, just like he did during his first visit, he starts to wonder about the etiquette of getting Dean’s attention. Should he knock? Send a text, maybe? Well,
“You’re mine,” he mutters at it, then glances up to see if anyone has arrived who can help him achieve his mission of getting that cannoli out from behind the glass and into his mouth. While he doesn’t see anyone, he
“Fuck.”
Dean stares at him. “Beg pardon?”
. I had so much fun working with you, and your art is so goddamn beautiful, and I know I've told you this before, but it makes me smile so wide whenever I look at it. Thank you for everything; I don't know what I did to deserve an artist as talented and sweet and wonderful as you, but I'm so, so glad I did <3 Please check out her art masterpost on
Cas stays that way for a few moments before he feels his phone start buzzing in his pocket. He digs into his pocket and pulls it out, only removing the pillow to glance at the screen.
Dean shrugs. “You were being cute. I like to let my boyfriend know when he’s being cute.”
,” he mutters through gritted teeth, hunching in even further on himself and ignoring Cas’ question. “
Lisa and Dean continue to kiss for a few more seconds before Lisa breaks the kiss. Dean keeps his eyes trained on her lips for a few seconds more before looking back up at her.
Castiel opens his mouth to retaliate, but before he can, Anna continues. “Next day off, please.”
They crash through the wall of the barn before Dean can finish his sentence, splintered wood flying everywhere, the heat of the flames rolling out behind them. Dean laughs, laying on the horn as they send the police diving in opposite directions in an effort to get out of their path.
“I don’t believe one usually refers to cars with terms of affection.”
Panic building low in his chest, he leads the way as the three of them creep over to the loft’s opening and peer outside. Whatever the hell they’d eaten for dinner threatens to make a reappearance as Dean takes in the scene on the ground below: cops, guns, torches, hell, a goddamn paddywagon…
Dean’s always been a completionist. Even though he’s calmed down considerably from this afternoon, he’s still got a half-inked, half-colored drawing that needs his attention, so after dinner, he holes himself up at his desk and gets to work.
“Great, huh?” Dean’s lips curl up in a crooked smile.
“You had something there,” he murmurs, and Dean huffs out a quick breath that’s a half-laugh, half-sob.
“Tomorrow,” he says with a resigned sigh.
Without a word, Novak gets to his feet and extends his hand. Nervous, like he’s about to try and grab for a snake, Dean takes it, and damn if Novak isn’t strong. He hauls Dean to his feet in one fell swoop, and Dean can still feel the guy’s gaze on him as he dusts himself off.
Dean chuckles and starts digging through the bag. “What is all this?”
Dean waits for a few seconds before resting his hand on the vacant spot Novak left for him without comment.
Chuck barely gives the men ten seconds to get their bearings before blaring a loud air horn, and the race begins.
“More than you,” Cas answers. Dean tries to pull away from him, and Cas quickly brings his free hand to the back of Dean’s head to steady him. “Don’t move,” he says. “I’m trying to help you.”
!” at the top of their lungs. Dean notices Cas’ reaction and pulls him even closer to him with a laugh.
“This is nice,” Cas says honestly, taking a sip of his beer. He burrows his toes into the sand, tapping them up and down as he gazes out toward the ocean and watches the waves come crashing against the shore. “I understand why you like it here.”
Help someone run.
“A Dairy Queen.”
“Stop it. Listen to me. You were outnumbered in a terrifying situation, but you didn’t let it affect you. You fought back, which is more than I did. You’re brave, Dean Winchester, one of the bravest people I know, and I’m not going to let you think that you’re not.”
It’s a small place, smaller than the name would have you believe, with the only rolling hill being the one leading up to the compound. The weather’s on their side, the sky cloudy, a cold mist in the air getting steadier as the minutes tick by.
Dean’s in his shower.
Gabe seems to sense his hesitation, and latches onto it. “If I could have
“Okay?” Cas asks quickly as Dean rights himself.
“I know,” he interrupts. “I get it. Just don’t expect me to contribute much.”
“The one with the pie,” Dean says. “That you mentioned the first time we went out.”
“Yeah, well, he sure as shit ain’t here now, is he?” Dean sounds pissed, and he is, but he’s also scared, something that’s been drilled into him as awful, weak, the worst thing you can be. And he’ll be damned if he lets his little brother see him that way.
“I appreciate your restraint.”
"You're lying."
Cas smiles, first at the photograph, then at Dean himself. Suddenly, he’s struck with an idea. “Dean,” he says slowly, “you like French fries, right?”
Ruby’s pushing the envelope, not giving a single fuck about unsaid
“Nah, he’s gotta pull a left before that,” Dean interjects, leaning forward and resting his elbows on the open window frame.
“He wouldn’t be complaining if it’d been a bikini contest,” Hannah says bitingly, finishing off her glass of moscato before going for a refill almost immediately.
Cas doesn’t know what to make of it, but he decides it’s easier to just follow along and figure it out as he goes.
“Fuck off; no you didn’t.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “Mark Twain didn’t write poetry.”
If Dean had thought the
“And then, and
“ So, what, people can’t have off days?”
“I asked you to write
“Dean?” Cas gasps. “Dean, what happened?”
eventually.
Dean swipes his hand away. “Leave me alone.”
“Yeah, yeah, finish making your food.” Sam rolls his eyes, gives Cas a reassuring smile, then leaves them alone in the kitchen again.
“Then what is?”
“She seems really nice, dude.” Sam grins and then considers Dean, resting his head in his hand with his lips pursed together, pausing for a few seconds before adding, “You sure about this?”
Dean likes him. He admitted it.
Once they’ve arrived, there’s a lot more room for people to spread out, and Cas sighs in relief at the newfound breathing room. Dean glances back at him, his eyes bright with excitement. “Beers or seats first?” He pauses, then before Cas can answer, decides for them. “Seats. Let’s go.”
Castiel rolls his eyes and turns back to busying himself with the mundane task of making sure that all of the fake fossils are at least halfway covered with sand and dust. As he shifts the sand over each fossil, his mind keeps wandering back to Dean, wondering how tomorrow will go. Will Dean be in a better mood? Is he going to resent Castiel? Oh god, what if he already hates him? Castiel doesn’t think he’ll be able to deal with that, and as if to confirm this, his stomach does an unpleasant little flip.
As Dean takes a few seconds to look around at all the artwork—murals and graffiti splashed across desktops, comic strips spanning entire walls, portraits with actual Victorian frames hung around them (the best yard sale find Dean’s ever stumbled upon)—he’s pretty sure he succeeded.
Dean never thought two simple words could make him so goddamn excited, but he’s yelling and whooping and cheering before he can think twice, heart pounding double-time in his chest. Sam laughs and bends down to scoop up an armful of loose stalks and leaves, which he proceeds to toss up into the air like confetti. Hell, Dean even catches Novak cracking a smile, which in his case, is practically jumping for joy.
Dean shrugs. The tree bark is rough and grating against his back, and he shifts slightly to scratch an itch. “Ma always taught me to tell the truth, and that’s what I’m doin’.”
The second his axe smashes into rock, he hears the uproar start.
Castiel sighs, running a hand through his hair before taking another sip of his own beer.
And Dean glances down at the man in his arms, the man who’s looking out at the sunset on the lake, their lake, waiting patiently for Dean to begin. The man who, somehow, has been waiting for Dean all this time, and who Dean’s been waiting for for just as long. Dean smiles and shakes his head. He presses his nose into Cas’ hair, breathing in deep before kissing him and leaning back, digging his toes deeper as if to ground himself.
He should’ve known.
He rides that high the last few miles to Lawrence, which is just as Dean remembers it: a bustling city packed to the gills with folks who didn’t spare him or Sam a second glance a year ago, and show no signs of doing so now.
“And I’ll tell you right now,” Dean continues, “don’t expect me to give you a kiss while hanging upside down or some shit. We ain’t Peter and Mary Jane, got it?”
“You hurt me, Cas,” Dean says, voice deep and solemn as he presses his palm to his heart. “Right here.”
Dean purses his lips in thought before saying, “I’m pissed I missed being able to see your face the first time you saw my ridiculously good-looking self. Does that count?”
“I thought you weren’t worried about that.”
And frankly, he’s not sure which one is worse.
“Well, y’know.” Dean leans on his desk and grins. “Who’s more reliable for art supplies than the art teacher?”
He takes a deep breath, then sighs. “Max,” he says. “Don’t let our love story get washed away. -Lisa.”
He, Billie, Hannah, and Charlie immediately launched into planning their first episode, thrilled to have something other than reruns and Instagram stalking of past contestants to report on. The show hadn’t even started, but just the choice of bachelorette was a four-course meal of drama and speculation in itself. Ruby Cortese had been around for almost as long as Cas had been watching, but despite a runner-up title on
a message? Dean stares at his phone until the screen goes dim, then shakes his head quickly. He’s overthinking this. He just needs to nut up and--
Dean chuckles, eyes bright as he pulls back out onto the road. “Yeah?”
Cas smiles down into the fire, and Dean rubs the back of his neck, watching the way the flames dance along Cas’ cheekbones and jaw. “Well, thank you just the same.”
“I never would have suggested it if I’d known.”
Dean chuckles. “Don’t worry about it. Kind of impossible to avoid running into everyone around here, huh?”
“Yeah.” Dean crooks two fingers into Cas’ belt loop and tugs him to face him, then starts punctuating each comparison with a kiss. “You’re smart. You see the good in people. Your jawline is sharp as fuck. You—”
Out of nowhere, the ground at their feet explodes in a smattering of gunfire. “Son of a bitch!” Dean yells, his hands flying overhead. He squints into the harsh sunlight to see Novak looking straight ahead at a man aiming a shotgun at the three of them.
He glances at Sam and twirls a finger around near his ear, rolling his eyes. As handsome as he is, guy’s clearly still a few screws short of a toolbox. “Fine, then, how about this. Let’s get some hypothetical dollars for these hypothetical da—”
“Let’s go, Vic!” Cas yells from the dugout, looping his fingers through the holes in the chain link fence. “You got this!”
All the air leaves the room in one fell swoop, no noise save for Alastair crunching on the ice cubes piled at the bottom of his glass. Benny makes to rest his hand on Dean’s shoulder, but the second his palm touches Dean’s shirt, Dean shoves his hand away makes for Alastair, lunging over the table and tackling him hard.
“Dean."
Cas rolls over onto his stomach and presses his face into his pillow. “Stupid, stupid,
The next one nearly sails over his head.
“Excuse me,” Castiel says, hoping that his voice doesn’t crack--he doesn’t have much of an air of authority to begin with, but he can kiss it all goodbye if his voice cracks.
offer up information about their mother’s death to millions of people on national TV; in fact, when Cas thinks about it, he’s surprised Dean’s even still got the post up at all.
Instead, he’s crammed in with at least 300 other sweat-soaked people in a smelly music club that he’s almost 100% sure is breaking at least three different fire and capacity safety codes. The band’s set is in full swing, and the lead singer has already stripped down to just a pair of jeans, twirling the microphone and cord around like a lasso as he screams the lyrics into the crowd, and they scream right back at him.
Dean studies the flyer, which Sam’s got held up in front of the tiny ramshackle building. It’s not much of anything; Dean probably would’ve continued right on past without a second look. Hell, it sure doesn’t look like anything worth stopping for. The only reason he knows it ain’t just an old run-of-the-mill house is because of the massive signal tower out front.
it changed, but instead, he just rests his cheek against his hand and says, “Hmm. Well, I always like a challenge,” before winking at him from across the table. Cas can feel his cheeks burning, and although his first instinct is to avert his eyes, he narrows them in answer to his challenge instead.
, Cas thinks, “--eyes on the prize, Novak.”
Cas grins at him, but before he can say anything else, the crowds around them erupt in cheers and screams. Dean looks up and cranes his neck to see Lin standing on the steps in front of the Rodgers, waving frantically with a microphone in hand, trying to get everyone’s attention. He says something into the mic that makes everyone laugh, but Dean and Cas are too far back to hear anything but static and muffled words. He’s got a decent view if he peeks over the shoulder of the goddamn giant in front of him (and as long as the blonde in front of Gigantor doesn’t shift at all), and folds his arms over his chest, ready to see what Lin’s got in store for them today.
A few moments later, the four of them are gathered around a barrel out back, flames licking up its sides as they devour the last remaining memories of their time at Joliet and the hiccups they’d experienced in their first few days as free (it’s not inaccurate, Dean reasons, even if the law doesn’t necessarily see it that way) men.
the little asshole everyone’s been talking about on the news.” He studies the Colt slowly as he struggles against the grip, pulling desperately at the fingers around his throat. He lets out a pained gagging noise as he tries to suck in some air, his feet now dangling a couple inches off the ground.
“I’m glad I met you,” he breathes, loud enough for only Cas to hear.
, now?”
Dean gives him a side-eye that Cas would have to have been blind to miss, but his voice doesn’t betray his emotions when he answers. “I mean, what do you think?” he asks. “It fucking—can we swear on this show?—it fucking sucked. It was embarrassing, getting pity from random strangers on the street who thought I’d been given a raw deal, that I deserved better or some shit.
railing that’s definitely seen better days.
“You really think Lisa would want to be with someone like you?”
“Just think,” Cas continues, “hot dogs and French fries and Blizzards. All for us!” He pauses to take a few breaths, then adds, “Fourteen miles from now, of course.”
. Part of him now, in a way.
threw
, but Cas still can’t help but feel like he’s suddenly living with a stranger.
Cas grins. “You don’t think your brother deserves his own fan club?”
, so he’s nothing to worry about.
you?” Dean splays a hand against his own chest, feigning offense. Cas is suddenly glad for the darkness they find themselves in so that Dean can’t see him blush.
They continue to walk in silence, and Castiel has to prevent his mind from wandering as he leads Dean down the street, extra wary of any potential obstacles that could trip them up. The sun is starting to peek up from between the trees, and Castiel feels a pang of disappointment at the fact that soon it won’t just be him and Dean here in this quiet little world.
All the air in the room seems to disappear at once as everyone pulls in a shocked breath. Cas’ eyes widen as he takes in the soldier in front of him. He’s not even a man--he can’t be much older than Cas himself, at 22.
Eventually, it’s Dean Winchester’s turn. A handsome teacher from Kansas with sweet eyes and an even sweeter smile, he moves and talks with the confidence of someone who knows all eyes are regularly on him—and revels in it.
If he hadn’t already thought he was gone on Cas, he’d damn sure know it now.
“I know enough.”
“Shut up,” she chuckles, wrapping her arms around his neck and giving him a long, slow kiss. He rests his hands on her hips and grins before tilting her back to deepen the kiss.
“Whenever.” Dean’s response is short and curt, and for a second, Castiel considers hanging up and telling Anna that it wouldn’t work out, that he couldn’t do it. He could lie, say that he never heard from the Winchesters again, and just assumed they decided against it. Hell, that’s probably what Dean wants, too.
Cas can feel his cheeks start to redden as Dean laughs. He gets to his feet and before Cas can process the fact that this cute—no,
“Hey, you Novak?” a voice calls out before Cas has even taken his first step inside.
Cas smacks his open palm against Dean’s leg, trying to keep the smile out of his voice. “Shut up, that’s how it looks.”
“Oh, would you look who it is,” Dean says the moment Cas unlocks the apartment door, dropping to his knees almost immediately as Oliver trots forward and into his arms. “The cat, the myth, the legend!” He scoops Oliver up and straightens, nuzzling the kitten against his cheek. “You’re even cuter in person, you know that? Your daddy’s photos do you
“It’s all right,” Cas says slowly, cringing at how much his response makes it sound like the opposite. “Are you—was everything okay?”
He snaps out of it just in time to feel the man shoving him down harder against the piano. “You son of a bitch, this ain’t us!” he yells over the crowd, struggling against the grip that holds him in place. The guy behind him grips him tighter before hauling him upright. He leans in close, and Dean can smell the tobacco on his breath.
