“No, hands off.”  John batted his hands away once more.  “Lie back down again.  I’ll get you dressed,” John motioned toward the exam table.
A confession of love wasn’t going to fix that nor was it fair to John.  Obligation out of pity for your best friend was not the basis of a relationship.  The scene he had played over and over in his head of he and John was never going to happen.  There was no happily-ever-after scenario in Sherlock’s life.  He had the work.  It was good enough for him back then, it can be good enough once more.
“Do you see?”
“Fine.  I might have … miscalculated … a bit.”
“Fine, just don’t bore me with the ‘not wanting to ruin our friendship’ conversation again.  We’ve already been through all that.”
“All right all right,” John soothed.  “Let me go talk to Sarah.”
“Agreed.”
“I don’t need to have been.  You said stop.  He didn’t.  That is called rape, Sherlock.”  John sighed at his flatmate’s disapproval of the term.  “Why do you think him getting off is so much more important than you having a choice in participation?”
John stood behind Sherlock smiling at him for a moment.  He loved it when Sherlock did those domestic niceties for John even though Sherlock really thought they were just boring and dull and trite.   If someone had told him last year that Sherlock would be asking about his day at work or offering to fix him a cup of tea, John would have laughed.  There was actually one day that Sherlock had even attempted to make John dinner.  It had been atrocious and never reattempted, thank God, but it still made John smile.  They had had a long talk about the fact that John didn’t want Sherlock to change who he was to fit what Sherlock thought John wanted.  There had been a compromise that, yes, Sherlock would need to be ‘nice’, although there was no direct definition of what that was and, yes, Sherlock would need to try…try to stop insulting John.  John hadn’t directly said that sex would be withheld otherwise, but how could he be expected to perform when he was too pissed off?  Sherlock did everything in his power to NOT piss off John.
John smirked.  “Yeah, probably.”
Their meeting hadn’t set off any alarms in Sherlock’s brain.  He had deduced Mike’s eating, sleeping and drinking habit, no drugs, no smoking.  Very physically fit with intense workout habits.  He had a brother who he shared a flat with, parents both deceased, no children, no pets. He was not outwardly gay, but didn’t seem to be hiding it either.  The meeting had been fine.  They’d talked at one of the empty tables in the nightclub for a short time while the clean-up crew worked around them before Sherlock suggested going to a hotel.  Sherlock deduced that Mike had a few mixed drinks during the night (probably nervous, his coworkers covered for him) and Sherlock would rather consummate the arrangement before Mike would be alcohol-relatedly unable to perform.
John continued, “And that is people.  He reads people better than you.  He sent you a hooker with a resemblance to me because why?”
Sherlock sat back up on the table.  “Mrs. Slitheen is 87 years-old.  She does not have a personal trainer.”
“So last night?”
“Relax for me John. You’re okay.”
“I’m ready, John.  Your room, I suppose?”
“Oh, aren’t you the bossy one all of a sudden.”  John chuckled and spared a moment to take off his clothes quickly before joining Sherlock on the bed.
“We don’t have any frozen peas, John.”
Sherlock shook his head.  “No, that wouldn’t have worked.  The man was antsy.  If an officer would have approached him, he would have simply run off sooner.  There was only a 70% chance he might attack me, but I would have my deduction before he ran, I might have even been able to apprehend him myself as I have done on numerous occasions, but there was a 100% chance he would run if an officer approached and then I would be no closer to finding the killer than you or Lestrade,” he scoffed like that would have been an unacceptable outcome.  “Besides, I fended him off just fine.”
“My research states that this reflex is much more discernable when the person is standing up.”
John sat on Sherlock’s bed for a moment trying to figure out what he had witnessed over the months previous and why he drew up to the conclusion that he did instead of what was now quite obvious.
“Starting to feel a bit numb down there?”
“You’re gorgeous,” he placed a hand on the side of Sherlock’s neck rubbing his thumb across his cheek.  “Fucking gorgeous.” John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s once more and soon he had a lap full of Sherlock as the other man sat down, legs astride John’s.  “Oh fucking hell … is this all right?”  John had two handfuls of Sherlock’s arse clad only in his tight polka dotted underpants.  John smiled.
“I’ve got you.  No worries.”  Sherlock quickly slid the condom on then slicked up his cock.
“Right, but when stimulated, a man can achieve orgasm just in that way.”
“Oh.” Sherlock thought for a moment.  “Continue.”
“Actually, he looked like he could be my brother.”  John smirked.
John loved making Sherlock speechless.  “I want to kiss you, every inch of you.”
“Yes, I’ve got it.  Relax and piss.”
“No, not the first time.  I want to … I want to see you.”
“What was that?”
“I’m sorry?”
“Sherlock?”
“I did have this one gentlemen though,” John shook his head in frustration.  “I just hate it when I fall for it.  If there is one thing I cannot stand it’s being manipulated.”  John sounded angry.
“Yes,” Sherlock said contemplatively.
John tilted his head tolerantly.
“PTSD?” John wrinkled his brow.  “What about it?”  As a doctor and as a patient diagnosed with this particular acronym, he was fully aware of what Post-traumatic Stress Disorder was, but he obviously didn’t understand what that had to do with Sherlock at the moment.
Sherlock complied with a soft growl.  He liked the term of endearment John chose to call him.
“It wasn’t a suggestion, Sherlock.  He caused a tear.  Judging by the amount of blood, I would wager a small one, but you need to be seen.  I have arranged for a discreet physician to meet us at the Diogenes Club.  There is a small room set up.”
"No, we don't remove the bandage because it might break up the clot that's already formed and start it bleeding again. We'll see about it when we get to hospital."
Sherlock looked down at John who still had his very erect cock in his hands.  “Indeed.”
“I won’t ask about it anymore.  I’ll trust that you’ll tell me if you need me in that department.  Just don’t close down on me again.  Emotions aren’t really your area.  I know.  But when you came back, you were different.  More…”  John slumped, “… human, I guess.  I don’t mean that you weren’t before, but you didn’t take people for granted anymore.  You were more … kind? I guess.  I don’t know.  You know this is difficult for me.  All of this … stuff, but we are both human, Sherlock.  Both of us.”  He looked at his feet.  “Just don’t shut me out again.  I can’t keep tearing down walls every single day.  I think you need me right now and I think I need you to need me.”  He shifted his weight on his feet again.  “D’ya know what I mean?”
“You’re scared?”
“What else?”
“There were various forms of torture, least of all were the sexual forms.  I’ll tell you in as much detail as you would like to hear, but not now, not here.”
“Five people on staff at her estate, Sherlock.”
"Hmm... I'm feeling a bit short of breath." Sherlock gave a shallow cough to add to the effect. John knew he was bullshitting but wondered what the hell he was playing at.
“Shut it!”
“Good.  Push yourself back.”  John helped him get his feet out of the stirrups and get comfortable.  Making his way toward the sink he instructed Sherlock to just stay put for a few moments.  When John returned to his bedside, he pulled the sheet back down to expose Sherlock’s genitals once more.  “Keep this in place for a few minutes.  It will help with the stinging sensation at the tip of your penis.”  A very warm, wet cloth was wrapped around said area and Sherlock melted at the sensation.
Sherlock bit his lip.
“No … I never”  he gasped as I plant a kiss to the nape of his neck.  “please”  he begs.
John smiled.  Yes, he probably had known that, but it felt nice to hear it anyway.  “I know.”  He kissed the top of Sherlock’s head, then his eyelids, his amazing cheekbones and finally those red lips, seemingly begging to be kissed.  Built for being kissed, in fact.
“No sweat.  You goin’ in then?”  He points to door.
“Sherlock?  This isn’t … “
“When I had that virus last month?  What did you do?”
“So you want me to shoot you through your posh, silky boxers?”
“Glad you think so.”  Watson smiled.  He pulled on the ultrasound machine that had been quietly sitting in the corner.  He flipped a switch and let it begin its course of self-diagnostics before becoming a useful instrument.  “I suppose you’ll probably have to urinate by now?”
“John, talk to me.”
John was making his way home with his purchase when his phone beeped.
Sherlock gave a small smile and a shrug of one shoulder.
Sherlock was dumbfounded. It was rare that he was left speechless but … John.  Amazing, brilliant John.
“Because you came onto me that first day, John.  Hardly a leap was it?”
“My penis and testicles are just fine, thank you very much.”
“Uh, no objections.”
“You told me that you couldn’t bottom because you wouldn’t last long enough through the preparations which indicates that you have no qualms with receiving, am I correct?”
“Transport, John.  If I don’t need it for The Work, then it isn’t important.” He gave John a dismissive wave of his hand, “you know what I mean.”
“ A bit.  Is there a tear?”
“That does not sound nearly as fun.  Are you not willing to do this procedure yourself?”
Sherlock sighed.  “John … I …”
John still looked a bit confused.
“Has it ever occurred to you that people are NOT, in fact, data?  Did you ever think that the things you do and the way you manipulate their thoughts and feelings, might have some consequences?”
“Then …”
“Oh,” Sherlock said still looking like he didn’t see the point.
Sherlock put the light into John’s right eye and looked at his left one.  “Yes.”
Sherlock shrugged looking bored.
Sherlock made his way back up John’s body,  his desperation must have been evident.  John nodded then turned half way to open the top drawer of the nightstand.  He shoved a condom and a tube of lube at Sherlock then attempted to turn over onto his stomach.
“And you sat in it.  Sounds like an accident to me, Sherlock, not a vicious attack.”
“No doubt in my mind.”  Sherlock seemed to snap out of any particular connection the gesture entailed quite easily and gave John a rueful smile.
"Already done."
Yes, Mycroft had eventually “waded in” in Serbia, but he had already spent months in perdition and they had performed every type of torture known to man, he was sure of that, being the recipient of them all.  Repeated sexual assault was the least of it.  There had even been times he would rather have been raped again than endure the horrific beatings, waterboarding, and creative uses with sharp instruments.  He remembered having to bite his lip to stop himself from begging for them to just fuck him and be done, just for a while.  Fuck him or kill him.  He hadn’t cared which.
“Alright?”
Finally, I notice him, sans jumper, heading toward a long, dark hallway.  My movements quicken through the crowd.  The harder I fight through the bodies, the more I’m tugged within them.  Being hauled around like a sack of potatoes is not my idea of a good time at all.  It takes quite a bit of effort, but I made my way out of the thrawl and bound toward that hallway.  I see him talking to someone and then disappear behind a dubious doorway.  I redouble my efforts.  John’s virtue will not last long inside that room.
Sherlock smiled.  “You’re an idiot.”
“John,” Sherlock slurred
"Oh, nononono ... John's not gay. Right John? Do not, under any circumstances confuse him with being attracted to men. He just won't stand for it. Right John?"
John’s cheeks turned a decidedly pink color.
“Oh for God’s sake!  Get there faster,” Sherlock huffed.
Sherlock stood, ready for battle.  “The chances of meeting someone once, let alone twice with violent tendencies…”
“Very funny.  Hilarious, Sherlock.”
“Oh!”  I lurched forward in shock.  He’s got me pinned down to the mattress with his legs.  “Oh my god!!”  Oh, that’s so nice.  Wow!  Jeezus H I am in heaven.  His tongue was busy working my ass.  All I could do was hold on.
“Where is the proper question, I think.”
His look turns to horror and he rushed past me just about knocking me on my ass.  I’m hot on his heels.  We got out to the hallway when he suddenly turned on me with this look of pissed-off determination.
I nodded.
“I would much rather you be nauseated then have your fever go any higher.”
“You’re right,” John agreed in the interest of moving on.  “Let’s get on with it.  My stethoscope is on the desk.”  John hopped up onto the exam table.
“He says ‘Doctor, I think if you just press a little harder next time!’ As if I should continue!  I was livid.  I told him it was past time he got dressed and I sent him off.  I looked him up on the computer system.  He’s had four prostate exams in the last six months.  He’s a wanker!”
Finally it is done!!  Good Lord that took me forever and way too many days of ignoring family, living off of Doritos and grilled cheese and putting off the housework to do it.  I would appreciate a comment or two.  It really is the only thing that makes sharing my work worthwhile.  It is encouraging.  At least hit the kudos button if you like it.  Thanks and thank you for those who already have left comments and supported my writing even if I am incredibly slow at producing a final product.  You're the reason I keep writing.  Well, that and it is so fun!  Okay, you're the reason I share it.  :)
John hissed as Sherlock roamed down his body, taking in each nipple, lapping it gently at first and then taking the nub between his teeth.  John arched his back pushing himself into the touch, hips coming away from the wall.  Sherlock smiled at him, a devious smile and moved on.  Moved down.  Gentle kisses, gentle fingers caressed John’s sides, followed the path of hair down his chest, down his belly, the line hiding under John’s trousers.
Woah….wait.  I’m NOT fucking leaving.  I am not fucking leaving!!
“Does it hurt or itch?”
“Mycroft sent me a text and said you do.”
“That wasn’t a suggestion.”  Sherlock faced his brother, jaw set, expression stern.
Smiling, John said, “Oh, we are definitely going to have to work on your moves, Mr. Holmes.”
John laughed.  “Was that you coming on to me?”
“I’m finding that lusting over you is becoming more and more acceptable to me in the last hour or so, I suppose.”
I knew there would be a fair amount of explaining I would have to do.  I suppose I hadn’t really thought too far ahead of stopping him from allowing a perfect stranger to take him to bed, possibly treat him badly.  I may not have the most experience sexually but I have … researched.  The “in” gay crowd is not what you might call, gentle or even mildly understanding.  We’ve all heard mention of unspeakable things that might happen.    “Look, John, I know why you came here.”
“Be honest about it.”  I prodded.
Sherlock opened heavy-lidded eyes.
“Dammit.”
“This is gonna feel wet.”  John warned before he spread the lubricant all over Sherlock’s backside.  Sherlock startled a bit but recovered quickly.  “You alright?”
John’s cock was continually stroked.  He was so close.  So close.  “Sherlock.  I’m gonna … I’m so ready…”
“I don’t want anyone else, John.”
Cold?  No shit!  Ugh, god.  I felt him moving behind me, lining his cock up.  Blunt pressure.  Fuck, that cannot be right.  “Ow…no.”  Pop.  “No, NONONONONONO.  Sherlock it isn’t …..”  I had to get away.  I lurched forward removing him from me.  A firm grasp at my hip stopped me from escaping from his bed.
“No no, I think it’s priceless.  The Great Sherlock Holmes comes in storming off about righteous indignation and your holier-than-thou attitude and how nobody could possibly walk a mile in your genius shoes, but here you are all arse up and YOU caused it by being a complete and utter berk!  I think that’s justice if I’ve ever heard it.”
John leaned back once more and closed his eyes allowing Sherlock full rein.  It was a bit humiliating with all of his bits presented but no more so than a full physical had been he supposed.  “Just so you know, I definitely draw the line at rectal response,” John said, grateful he hadn’t forced the issue of a prostate exam on Sherlock if he was going to play tit for tat.
Sherlock took his shirt off first.  Enough time had passed that whatever marks were going to show up had already shown up.  He supposed they were already there during his shower, but he just couldn’t look then.  He had wanted to get the grime off and the thick smells off his skin.  Now that he was undressing and was anticipating that John would see him, he had to know what was there.  Had to see exactly what John would be seeing.  He saw the bruising around his wrists, the finger-shaped bruises in his arms.
“Is it painful?”  John asked.
“You’ve been to the bathroom too much in one night.  I have something I could give you to help.”
John began running tight circles with his thumbs on the sensitive spot.  He purposely did nothing else with his mouth so that Sherlock would understand exactly what external prostate massage by itself felt like.  Slowly, he added more pressure and tightened the circles in closer and Sherlock stiffened letting out the deepest baritone growl John had ever heard.
Sherlock kissed him sweetly.  “No apologies.”  He rubbed a thumb across John’s cheek.  “I do love you, you know.”
He had been home for well over a year and he had thought that being entrenched into his normal atmosphere would make the memories fade.  But the quiet, even if those moments were few, still brought forth a brick wall of memories that seemingly did their best to slam him up against it.  Hard as he tried, he could not delete what had happened there.  He tried locking it all up into a room at the far end of his mind palace, closing the door, putting bars and locks on the door.  Then he made the door disappear as though it were magical vanishing room.  When it kept appearing, bringing with it the sweaty, filthy, lewd, obscene men who had assaulted him, pounding on the door, whistling offensively at him, he then pushed the entire room completely away from the Mind Palace, completely detached it so it could no longer bother him.  It lasted for a while, especially when he had a case or he had John to distract him.
“Yeah?”
“My trust in our friendship, for your ability, has not wavered and since you do, in fact, know, then I might as well have the physician I know and trust.”
“Don’t stand there gawking!  Do something!”  Sherlock insisted as he squirmed, apparently unable to keep still.
“Oh for … dammit Sherlock,” John admonished.  “Stand with your weight on this leg,” John gave a smack to Sherlock’s bare left buttock, “then let this leg go limp,” he instructed as he gave the right buttock a quick slap as well.
“Parathyroid?”
John quickly texted back before turning his phone off.
John laughed.  “You’re a mess, you know that?”  They kissed again.  “Yeah, I think I might have something to help.”
“I can’t make you stop thinking of people as your experiment subjects.  You take what you want, everyone else be damned.”  Once I attempted to defend myself, he shut down my diatribe with a raised hand.  “Yes, yes, all for the betterment of mankind, I’m sure.”  He shrugged.  “Fine.  I give up.  You win.”  He walked with purpose to the next block, I following just as quickly behind.  Soon after, we were sharing a cab ride to Baker street.
“Is there a case?”  John asked, but was ignored as Sherlock fled down the stairs and out the front door.
“SHERLOCK!”  John ran toward him as fear gripped him at his throat.  He found himself begging any power that be to please please please let Sherlock be fine.
“Quite.  But shouldn’t you be up to the fifth floor?”
"Yes, John is just my flatmate and my doctor. Not my boyfriend. Don't confuse him with my boyfriend at all," Sherlock slurred. "We should probably have that announced overhead, just to be on the safe side."
“No, I have a master key.”
“It’s not that simple, John.”
John woke to find that Sherlock was no longer in their bed for some reason.  In the months they had been together one of the biggest surprises in their relationship was that Sherlock would stay in bed, next to John while he caught up with Forensic Science Monthly on his laptop or updated his website.  He didn’t require much sleep, but he seemed to like being next to John as much as possible.
Sherlock continued to stroke inside of John and then leaned down to kiss him again.  The dual sensation of the warmth surrounding his finger and his tongue was glorious and soon it wasn’t enough.  He pulled his finger out and then lined up his cock and pushed.  John gasped and let out a small yelp.
“For sexual stimulation,” John attempted to explain.
Sherlock nodded.  “Correct.”
Sherlock stepped into John’s doorway, hair still wet and clinging to his forehead.  “Should I knock?”
“Yes.  I’m not going to make you come without me though.  I just need a few drops.  I will push them down by rubbing your prostate, collect the sample.”
“I’m sorry?”  Mycroft tensed his jaw and his posture.
Epilogue
“Just as I suspected,” Sherlock declared.
“I’m just about there love.”
Sherlock gave a small, tight-lipped smile and nodded.
Sherlock hissed at the feel of the warm flannel on his cock and then collapsed back onto the mattress.  “Good that feels … good and odd at the same time.”
“Modesty is boring.  Answer the question.”
He hadn’t meant it to be insulting to Sherlock.  He knew there were Yarders and neighbors and Mrs. Hudson who thought that they were a couple and even though he never voiced it, he thought that was flattering.  He knew Sherlock didn’t care about correcting them but that was because he was mostly oblivious to such trivialities.  Or that’s what John had thought.  He’d taken it upon himself to defend Sherlock’s honor, not to protest that John would be with him in that way.
“No, I have to make you come.”
They both took some time to settle.  Neither knowing quite what to say, the anger, hurt and disappointment withering away being replaced with relief and peace.  Both sat in their chairs feeling humble.
John turned his shoulder away and felt the rise of color in his cheeks.  “Not a pretty sight, I suppose.”
“Seven inches.  Stainless steel, sawback blade, black.”
John ended the kiss and then gave a couple more pecks to Sherlock’s nose and forehead.  “I love you.”
“Uh huh,” he nodded, “about our sex life?”  John clarified.
I could not let him walk away.   I ran to catch up with him and grabbed his arm.  “John…, wait.”   How do I put this like I’m not a predatory bastard?  I flash him my infamous grin.  I know it won’t work on him, he doesn’t fall for my charms at all.  He sees right through me.  But I give it a go just the same.  I know what I want.  Him.  I know what he wants.  To figure out if the erections he is experiencing when thinking of me really mean that he’s “turned gay” without actually risking our friendship.
“John?  Please … ugh … please,” Sherlock moaned.
Sherlock walked purposefully into a back entrance to the club and then into Mycroft’s own inner sanctum.  No limping, no change in gait, just more slowly.  He’d been to this office before, most of the time after Mycroft’s goons had kidnapped him but it was also where they had plotted Sherlock’s own death and disappearance.
John looked confused.  “Pardon?”
I was confused.  Does that mean he’s going to quit taking shifts at the surgery and be a proper assistant then?  Does it mean he’s going to stop nagging me and convincing me that I should be ‘nice’ to people?  Is he going to keep my tea cup helpfully supplied while I’m in the busy process of experimenting? “When you say that I win …”
Ignoring the birthday comment, Sherlock continued, “hmmm… Mrs. Slitheen is a widow.  Her son is a drug addict but has been sober for nearly six years.  His inheritance would be affected if he were to relapse, but he does have gambling issues.  The daughter has nothing to gain by stealing the broach.  She married into a family of status and wealth herself.  What about the staff?”
“Yes, I think so.  If you budge up a bit.”
“I’m trying to flush out whether or not I should muster the effort to come up from this completely blissed out afterglow to be pissed at you for shagging me without a condom.”
“Nothing happened,” Sherlock sounded petulant.
“Everything,” he sighed.  “My brain, my body … you.”  He gave John a hint of a smile.
“I honestly thought you would move out.”
“What?  Sherlock you can’t say things like that, for God’s sake!”
John laughed.  “I know.  I feel every inch of you, you madman.”
you to examine his prostate?”
“Yes, exactly.  It’ll need stitching, definitely, but no worries about major blood vessel or nerve damage.  It’s not deep enough for that.  You’ll be fine.”
“They didn’t do that to me before.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sat up, wrapping the blanket around himself.  John handed him his tea and they sat face-to-face.
“Oh, you’re such a genius you’ve already got yourself all sorted out.  You’ve seen the edges of the bruising so you can assess if it’s worsening?  You’ve checked the circulation to the area, compared it to the other side?  Assessed for internal hemorrhage?”
“I’m … I’m not sure that’s …”
“Okay.  Never let it be said that I wasn’t the least bit fair.”  He smiled and quickly removed his jumper and undershirt.
"It's fine. No harm done."
“No,” a lie.
“It’s okay, Sherlock.  You’re right here at Baker Street with me.  You’re safe, you’re at home, Sherlock. Take deep breaths.”  John talked soothingly.  Sherlock obeyed.  His voice, that beacon of light that he had heard so many times whether it was in real life, in his dreams or the voice in his mind palace, John’s voice always made him feel safe.  “That’s it.  You’re doing fine.  Keep taking deep breaths.  You’re safe.  You’re right here with me at Baker Street.”
“Just a few more strokes.  Hang in there.  Relax and breathe.”
"Of course, I'm fine. I'm proving a point to you." He lifted his blanket once more.
John nodded.  “’Fraid so, yeah.”
John spent a moment in thought.  “You don’t expect to be treated at all do you?”
“Afraid not, Sherlock.  I need more equipment than what we have at the flat.”
“All right, all right.  Let’s just calm down and get you squared up and home.”
I tilted my head back against the sofa.  “Go on.”
“John, I may not know who Madonna is or how the solar system works but I do know who Vin Diesel is and he is not Mrs Slitheen’s new personal trainer.”
“Better?” John asked.
“Are you lethargic or did I blow your mind enough that you can’t form words?”
“Just you.”
John opened his eyes in time to shout  “I’m so sorry, Mrs. Hudson” to her retreating form before he returned to Sherlock, closing and locking the door behind him.  “That was very rude, Sherlock.”
The weeks went by.  John was always by his side.  If he wasn’t working, he came with him on cases.  He still did the laundry, and forced Sherlock to eat every once in a while and he still brought up therapy, especially since the nightmares were getting worse and more frequent.  Sherlock had spent a great deal of time in his Mind Palace cleaning up, filing, re-routing.  It didn’t seem to be working.  The nightmares would start out just like they always did but sometimes the faces would switch and he would be the one torturing someone, raping someone, then the face would change and be John’s.  Those were the worst kind of hell.  Sleep, he decided was over-rated and he began to set his alarm again for 2 or sometimes 3 hour increments.
“That sounds more promising.”  Sherlock still looked indignant.  “What did you have in mind?”
“I don’t….know.”
“Yes, quite.”  John held the door open for Sherlock as Malcolm nodded and took his leave.
“Of course,” Sherlock answered as he pressed his lips to John’s groin continuing to kiss in several spots along the blonde bush of hair at the base of John’s dick.
“What was the extent?”  John was trying to keep his composure by sticking with clinical questions.
“You’re afraid this won’t last.”
"Right. Okay." John shrugged. He really didn't like it when Sherlock took medical business into his own hands. Mostly he was worried about him ignoring major signs but he supposed a minor thing like hand stitches wasn't that big of a deal so he let it go. "I probably should've given you a tetanus booster. I'll bring one home tomorrow."
Sherlock slumped in his chair.  “I’ve been se … assaulted and that wasn’t the same thing.”
“The PTSD part of that is that your brain isn’t going to choose a more pleasant memory to flash back to.  It picks the memory causing the PTSD in the first place.  You don’t get to tell it which one to go to.”
“Good,” John kissed Sherlock’s lips and pulled him in for an embrace, “now wrap those long, beautiful legs around my waist and hang on to me.”
“I’ll be taking your stitches out when we get home.  Not you, not Mycroft or bloody Anthea.  I’m doing it.”
“It wasn’t long, John… it wasn’t …”
“And he is not permitted to touch me with a ten-foot pole.”
Sherlock looked at John with confusion. John noticed Sherlock and decided he had to reign in his anger and stop feeling like it was solely John's responsibility to handle Sherlock's medical care. He supposed Mycroft had probably been handling simple things like this for a long time, given Sherlock's history and the fact Mycroft could probably have access to any sort of vaccine he needed with a simple phone call. Hell, Sherlock was probably vaccinated against Dengue Fever and African sleeping sickness just because Mycroft was over protective that way with his brother. Whatever. It was fine. Sherlock was taken care of. That was what was important.
A blunt pressure on his testicles and perineum brought his attention away from his calming technique and he felt the panic rise again.  He placed a hand on the man’s chest above him and gave a push which really didn’t move him whatsoever.  He had no leverage himself, his legs bent, knees way out to the sides, trapped in the crook of the elbows of his date’s strong arms, his feet dangling up by the other man’s shoulders.
John looked at Sherlock taking in the concern on his face.  “Yeah, yeah.  I’m fine.  A bit sore, but that’s expected.  Come here.”
Sherlock finally fell asleep after midnight and slept the sleep of the dead which was why he was so mad that the screaming that woke him up.  Then he realized it was John trying to wake him.
Instead of an answer John heard a very loud rendition of Bach symphony No. 3 played by the London Philharmonic Orchestra from Sherlock’s play list. He checked the door, it was locked.  He slapped it in frustration. John pinched the bridge of his nose and took a breath.  Obviously Sherlock had no intention of talking right now.  Unfortunately he also knew that when Sherlock locked himself in his room, sometimes he stayed there for days barring a phone call from Lestrade and a locked-room murder.
Sherlock grumbled something unintelligible.
John.  John could never know.  Never.
“Not well at all.”  Sherlock took a sip of his tea and kept his gaze toward the floor.
John smiled.  “Presumably, that’s why I’m here.”  He bent his patients arm upward and held it there a few moments.  “Feeling alright?”
“Can I see it?”  Sherlock took a step closer.
“John, please.  Wait a moment.”
“Normally, yes, that is where I do work … but, you see … it would seem that … Istanbul has received a gracious gift of an ultrasound machine but they have nobody who knows how to operate the machine.  Dr. Rowandunshtein …”
John stood.  “You can put your gown back on.”
“It’s probably to do with the finger up the arse thing, wouldn’t you say?”
“Ah, figured it out properly then, have you?”  as if it was the most obvious conclusion and that I should have made it ages ago.
“Yes, John and I think they’re now in the bottom of the toilet basin,” Sherlock snapped.
Reluctantly, Sherlock nodded.  “Yes.  I know that I have proven that I am able to hold my own in physical altercations, I did try to loosen his grip, but I’m afraid he had the upper hand … as it were … I should have done …”
“C’mon, just a couple more steps.”
“Because I don’t have a medical kink.”  John finished his task and stood up to come face-to-face with Sherlock.  “Also because I’m a gay man,” he paused at Sherlock’s look of surprise! “I know I'm bisexual, but that doesn’t matter when I’m only shagging you and plan on being with you until we’re dead, so … gay is fine."
John looked around anxiously. "Shh ... jeezus christ. Sherlock, we are in the wrong place for you to prove that to me and besides, it doesn't matter. I told you ... we're fine. It's all fine. There's no need for all this."
Sherlock nodded and sat.  John sat on a stool facing him.
Sherlock kicked off his own cover and flopped onto his back, clearly annoyed.  “Yes, clearly my priority should be to satisfy your curiosity.”
“So romantic, John.  Talk dirty to me.”
Sherlock pulled his legs away from John and brought them down to the floor, sitting up he discarded his own shirt and then placed his hands on John’s hips.  He kissed John’s belly, ran his hands along his sides and finally found John’s belt.  He unfastened it and undid his flies, pushing the denim back and then down.  He smiled up at John when instead of the expected cotton boxers, he found silky boxer briefs.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~<><><><><>~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Yes.  Anything, just make it stop.”
For their first time together he had fantasized about how that would be.  It was definitely not this, but John didn’t feel inclined to care at the moment.  Sherlock was well and truly his.  There would be time for perfect, for romantic, but in that moment, everything was perfect.  Sherlock was well and truly blissed out, post-orgasmic, cuddled up in his bed, dressing gown open, messy with come.  In John’s bed.
John nodded and smiled sheepishly.  “Well now I feel like an ass for having you console me about it.”
“Maybe he knows someone or … something can be arranged.”
Sherlock turned and looked over his shoulder.  “Of course not!”
“Women yield sex as a weapon?”  I wanted clarification.
“I don’t know if it’s sexual.  I honestly don’t even know if I’m capable of it.”
“Into holding you.  Touching you.”
Sherlock nodded.  “I’m a bit cold.  Can you hand me my jacket please?”
I’m blissed out, completely open and melty.  I could feel his cock twitch inside me, his breath on my neck.
“Yes, while you were hopped up on adrenaline it was fine.  I noticed you limping a bit though on the way in.  I’ll just have a quick look.  Make sure it’s okay.”
“Good.”  John relaxed back into his chair.  Sherlock missed the touch the moment it was gone.  “So, what on earth is your overbearing, big brother doing?”
John nodded.
Sherlock squeaked.  “An anesthetic?  Like a localized  desensitizing agent?”
John nodded.  “How about Lestrade?  You’ve known him longer, you have a history with him and he has attempted to help you.”
John smiled, a bit embarrassed.  He supposed Sherlock didn’t require to be observed so closely the entire time he slept.  Really, the only need Sherlock had or that Sherlock had even voiced was the need to get him home safely, which he did.  At that point he could have done any number of things, but felt the draw to stay at Sherlock’s side.  He nodded, “yes, of course.  I like crap telly, so no harm done.”
“I was just reading about a case in your inbox.”
“Which you have had.”
John took the edge of the blanket and put it back into place. "Yes, fine. I got it but that's not ... obviously it wasn't an issue." John shook his head. "Nevermind all that. Let's just finish this and get home, all right?"
He gently and efficiently finished the exam and removed the probe.  When Sherlock attempted to roll back, John stopped him with a gentle hand.  “Hang on.  I’ll just get all this sticky gunk.”  He carefully removed the gel with a soft towel.  “Alright.  Not sure if that was the worst part, but two down, one to go and then we can go home and get completely hammered.”
“You’re a physician …”
“Bloody gorgeous.”  Sherlock breathed into John’s ear as he pushed himself in all the way.
M laughed, “glad you like it.”  He moved in to kiss Sherlock again and this time they did connect, lips parted, tongues touched and Sherlock felt warmth.  The next few minutes were a blur of activity and the next thing Sherlock knew, he was naked beneath a man and wished he wasn’t.
Sherlock nodded looking a bit less miserable.  "You know John, you really should stop coming to a conclusion without all the facts."  Sherlock sighed and slumped his head on his other arm, submitting the injured one to John.  He closed his eyes shutting out the world and began to drift off leaving John to wonder what the hell that statement was about.
“Hello,” John said amiably taking in the brothers.  “Sherlock?  Didn’t expect you here.  Were you on this case?  Your brother called me to have a look at the poor girl although I wish you would’ve called in a female physician.  Think she might be more comfortable with one.”
“Treating you like a lab rat?”
John picked up the newspaper.  “Just for the novelty of it, I suppose.”  He opened the paper.  “What would you like for dinner tonight?”
“Well, I am a doctor though, right.  I could bloody well know what to expect.  I panicked.  Sorry.”
“Sherlock … I cannot …”
“You won’t have to worry about that.”
“Looked a bit like me, didn’t he?”
“No.”  Sherlock said sheepishly.
“No.”
“Yes, but that’s completely ridiculous.  I changed it.  I even put it on my website.”
He had spent some time during his shower cleaning out his mind palace and might have deleted the name once more.  Anyway, he didn’t wish to aggravate Mycroft or add to his own guilt.  It was also good practice for when he went home and had to pretend there was nothing amiss in front of John.  If he could fool Mycroft, he could definitely fool John.
“Fuck, I left my leather jacket.”  He rolled his eyes and looked out the window again in apparent acceptance of the ill-fated demise of his favorite coat.
“We,” Sherlock corrected as he was perched on top of the kitchen table.
“No, of course not.”
Sherlock didn’t answer.
“No, of course you don’t, yet you buy them every time you go to Tesco because you know I love them.”
John stopped Sherlock before they began their nocturnal adventure.  “Sherlock, I just want to be sure you understand.  This involves some extensively intimate examinations.  I have to be thorough, you know.  I won’t cock this up trying to allow you your privacy.”
“Well, now that you’ve saved your lovely coat, why don’t you come back over here and let’s have a bit of a grind, shall we?”
“No, not this time.  Ten years ago, yes.”   Sherlock hissed as his cock became more engorged.  “I remember needing to come so badly it was painful but not wanting the pain that came with it until it progressed to complete dysfunction.  I could reach a peak but then not be able to go over the edge.”
“Yes, we do,” he called out over his shoulder as he made his way out the door.
“Absolutely not!”  Sherlock was up and out of his chair.  He nearly hissed as the sudden movement caused him pain, but managed to stop himself from making the sound.  John noticed anyway.
I took a deep breath.  I nodded my head.  His thick head was right at my opening.  A straggled moan escaped me as the pressure increased.
I quickly zero in on him as soon as the door is open.  He looks amazing.  I hang back lurking behind him, not wanting to startle.  He’s got this touristy wonder about him the way he is moving through this room, taking in the sites around him like he just got off the plane in some sort of alternate dimension.  His cluelessness is so endearing.
“Tell me what your symptoms are.”  John wrapped fingers around Sherlock’s wrist, easily finding the pulse point.
John washed his hands and got to work gently removing the cloth from around Sherlock’s hand.  He prodded at the wound edges across the outside of his palm along the pinky finger and extending down almost to his wrist.  There was another line parallel to the first but much shorter indicating the knife had gone all the way through Sherlock’s hand at the edge of his palm, in the fleshy part by the thumb. Thankfully, it had nearly stopped bleeding.
“How did you feel about that?”
“Leave your pants on.  Just lie down with me.”
“But you haven’t …”
Once he finished and splashed water on his face and brushed his teeth, he decided he would text John.  If John answered his text, that would be a good sign.
Sherlock nodded.
My thoughts whirled.  What was he talking about?  I made my way upstairs at a much less hurried pace than John.  My mind a fog of thought.  What I had hinted at over the past several months, what my intentions where, what I had hoped for.  I had hoped for John.  It had taken a while to come to the conclusion that my life without him would be less worth living, even longer to realize that advancing our relationship to one of emotional, psychological and intellectual comfort to that of a physical nature was simply chemistry and biology.  We were already practically mated as it were, a couple.  May as well find physical pleasure and release in the relationship as well.  I had no qualms with the homosexual nature of the relationship but wondered if there were any ‘wiggle’ room in John’s heterosexuality.  Thus the campaign to, apparently, drive the man insane with sexual innuendo.  It had backfired.
“You’re mad because you’re embarrassed.  It’s understandable.  People don’t inherently find the subject easy to talk about.  I tossed the topic up in the air and it’s landed squarely on your head, I suppose.”
He needed something else to chase it away.
“Right.  Okay, then.  Thanks, Malcolm.”
“Down to my boxers though, right?”
“Mmhmm … Molly wouldn’t hurt a fly on purpose,” John explained.
Once inside, Sherlock hung his coat and headed toward his room.  “Give me five minutes and then you can come in.”
“Your doctor … the last time this happened, wasn’t … nice?”
This, he knew, was not easy on John.  Sure they pretended nothing was amiss.  There were no more conversations after that night.  Sherlock paid special attention to John that day.  Made him lunch, took a walk in the park together.  He and John had dinner together, just like they always did.  John made something with chicken and peas.  It was delightful.  Their friendship had felt so strained over the last few months and now, this.  It was shameful to subject John to such cruelty.  But what was he to do?  Selfishly, he couldn’t live without John and John seemed fit to stay at his side despite it all.
Sherlock stopped immediately.  “I don’t want to hurt you.  Do you want me to stop?”
"Mycroft."
“Fine.”  Sherlock’s grasp eased but he kept his hand on John’s head while he continued to move the light in John’s eyes one at a time.
Of course the pair were swept up into a maelstrom of case after case after case for weeks.  A human trafficking case went on for over a week with tragic loss of way too many children and adolescents.  In the end they broke up a huge trafficking ring and brought several key persons to justice but the mood at New Scotland Yard was far from jovial with the latest arrests.  They all knew there would be people to replace those that were arrested without even a slight hiccup in their operation.  The “dark web” was far too vast and very difficult to identify anyone on it.  What they had done had definitely saved lives and they took that as a win, but there were too many people still out there needing to be saved.
“Rowandunsteigal.”  Sherlock corrected.
“Well does it or does it not?”
“Of course you didn’t, but Sherlock, it would have taken absolutely no effort at all to have an officer go with you toward anyone you might have the tiniest inkling might be a possible, maybe, could-be killer.  You have enough of a reputation that they’d all bloody-well believe you and help you hash out your theories.”
“Thank you, John.  You were brilliant.”
“How could you not know …”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Fine.”
“Ah, yes.  I hadn’t had to think about it since we left the flat.”
“You’re oversensitive at the moment.  It’ll pass.” John finished cleaning Sherlock’s stomach and tossed the flannel to the floor.  “Let’s get up in this bed properly shall we?”  John pulled at the duvet and slapped Sherlock’s buttock a bit when he lethargically crawled his way up onto the bed with a huff.  They settled with Sherlock tucked under John’s arm, his face on John’s chest.
Sherlock gave a defeated sigh.  “I was just trying to make you laugh.  I wasn’t thinking about it.”
“hhhmph,” Sherlock was a bit taken aback but decided that the man’s pectoral muscles were well-formed and pleasing enough to possibly start him off in the right direction.  He allowed his coat to be slipped off his shoulders but cringed when it was left in a heap on the floor.  Mike/Mark was looking at him expectantly and brought his face in closer, obviously for a kiss.  On the mouth.  Sherlock put his hand on Mike’s chest and gave a wan smile.  “Sorry, so sorry…it’s just …”  he squirmed out of M’s hold and picked up his coat.  “I know, I just have to…” he turned and waved in the general direction of the small closet and hung up the Belstaff.
“John,” Sherlock breathed his name.
“No, don’t … don’t apologize to me Sherlock.”  John sniffed and shook his head trying to form some semblance of control.  “I … I would have preferred to know, but I’m not going to make you feel guilty about not telling me sooner.  I …”  John straightened himself upright and nodded “Right, well, I won’t dwell on that right now.  At what point did this happen while you were … away?”
John cut him off.  “I don’t give a damn how unlikely it is or how much of a paddy you throw.  I’ve watched you die, I’ve watched you fling yourself into danger too many times to count, I’ve killed for you, I’ve wanted to die to follow you, I’ve seen you,”  John couldn’t hold back the emotion finding its way into his voice.  He stopped.  Closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  Finally, he opened them and leveled Sherlock with a glare.  “Find another way.”
His efforts earned him a blow to the head with something hard.  He heard a ringing in his ears and thought it might have been the bottle of lube that Mike knocked him with.  Suddenly there was a burning, suffocating pain that took his breath away.  He may have let a scream go unbidden as he finally slumped into the mattress and waited.
John was struck speechless at the thought of Sherlock taking in his fill, looking over John’s naked body as though it were his personal experiment, learning every mark, every curve, every line.  “Uh …”  He stopped trying to make intelligent sounds and simply nodded and lead the way upstairs, Sherlock very definitely following.
“It’s called research, John.  I’ve done loads of it.”
Sherlock did not answer but continued to palpate the lower belly.
"Mind if I ride along then?"
Sherlock pondered a moment.  “To be fair, the list of people even slightly interested in touching me is a very short one.”
“See, you and your brother have that grand deduction gift in spades but there is one thing that Mycroft is better at.”
“Relax, I’m gonna pull out.”
“Yes.”  I raised my hips and he quickly divested me of the rest of my clothing.  Skin on skin from head to toe.  It felt surreal.  It felt like I should have been doing it my entire life.  I felt his right hand reach under my balls placing a finger at my opening.  I couldn’t stop the gasp that came out of my mouth.
"Yep, but he showed up just as we were leaving and had his driver bring us home."
Once Sherlock nodded his understanding, John pressed the probe inside gently, slowly.  “There it is.  You alright?”
Sherlock chanted in his head.  “Sorry.  Mike.  It’s not anything to do with you, it’s just that …”
“No, keep going.  Just shocking.”
“Of course.”
Then time ran out.  With his capture in Serbia came the death of everything he ever dreamed of for him and John.  It wasn’t the rape and the torture that made him feel like happiness was not an option for him ever again.  Not at first.  The first several weeks of being endlessly tortured and abused, he was still a strong man.  A man fighting for something.  A man who still had a soul and was willing to claw his way back to normalcy.  The Neanderthal cretins in that Serbian prison couldn’t hold him down.  He had too much to fight for.  No, it wasn’t the simple fact of the things he had gone through.  Time has a funny way of wreaking havoc on your dreams.  Time, absolute lengths and lengths of time being beaten, starved, dehydrated, burned, the list went on.  A week felt more like a month.  A month more like a year.  Time chips away at everything you thought you were or thought you could be and everything you dreamed you could be is more and more out of reach.  He was just beaten down and raw and then scabbed over and scarred.  Time, as much as the things he had survived, had broken him.
"Ow, shit!" Sherlock went to grab at the source of pain in his thigh and then remembered what he had said yesterday in A&E. He face-palmed and shook his head. "They gave me morphine."
“Thank you, doctor, but I have given a clean-catch urine specimen before.”
“Are you done yet?”  Sherlock asked somewhat less then patiently.  He had gotten dressed in his usual suit but didn’t bother putting the suit jacket back on.  He had his sleeves rolled up to his elbows and was now pacing the room in anticipation.
“I just did.”
“Like a … a homosexual.”
“Yes, I do.  If you keep scratching, you’re going to look like you’ve been doing it with razor blades soon.”  John patted the table to emphasize the instructions.  “Let’s try a cool pack too.  Might take the burn out of it.”  John grabbed the chemical pack and broke the inside vial, shaking it up as he came closer.  He placed it directly on the rash and then busied himself getting Sherlock dressed.
He turned the knob and pressed inside.  “I’m up anyway.  Just let me have a quick look then.”
“You taste so good.  I want your come, Sherlock.  Please.”
“No.  Not the way it should have been.  There are no declarations, no feelings that can overwrite what has happened so what we may or may not have been destined doesn’t matter.  We are who we are and what’s happened has happened.  Nothing we do can erase that or bring forth the would-have-been possibilities.  I’m not … I’m just not the person who could be right for you nor am I the person who would subject you to anything less than what you should have.”
“My fever is up,” Sherlock broke into John’s thoughts.
John made a point to look at his watch.  “Yes, yes it is a bit early isn’t it?”  He looked toward Sherlock who maintained a very neutral expression.  “Yes, well … my colleague here, Dr. Rowand-unsteigal, is on a different time zone, I’m afraid.  Hard to get used to the time difference between London and Istanbul I should think.”
“Shut up.”
"No, you're not going anywhere. Get up here and ride with me. You don't leave my side," Sherlock demanded.
"Oh my God, I'm an idiot." John told himself
“No, it’s fine, John.  The sheet will be fine.  I’ll only need to undress from the waist down I presume?”
John nodded and sat forward in his chair waiting for the rest of the story.
“No, you read my laptop and you break through passcodes and you don’t recognize that people have boundaries and deserve privacy.  Fuck off, Sherlock.”
“Of course.”  John clarified turning to Sherlock and spouting a row of nonsensical syllables at the man who then pointedly spouted some off to John in similar fashion.
“What? Oh, yes, well, young man, in his thirties and the visit sheet says he’s in for a prostate check.”  John sipped his tea and put it on the side table.  “I thought it was odd for such a young man to need that particular exam so I questioned him.  He had an elaborate story about his father and his grandfather and even his brother all having prostate cancer at an early age.  I mean he laid it on thick, really thick.  Of course, I was supportive and spoke soothingly just as I always do, especially before doing such an intimate exam.”
“Did you like that?”
Sherlock nodded and pushed himself down on the table so his hips were aligned with the tops of the stirrups.
John snaked his hand between them going for Sherlock’s cock.
“Yes.”
“John, after all this time, don’t you think that if I had wanted to have a … romantic relationship with you, I would have instigated it?  You’re my friend.  We’re obviously not even sexually compatible.”
Finally we came apart.  His eyes fluttered before he pulled back and looked at me.  “Of course, I’ll take the snogging too.”  He announced licking plump, well-kissed lips if I do say so myself.
“Sherlock?”  I say and hate the squeak that passes through in my voice.  I clear my throat.  “You know I’ve never actually done this before, right?”
Sherlock winced.
Over the next several days, the pain became bearable, then more tolerable and within a couple of weeks there was no pain at all physically.  John asked him more questions about Mohammed/Moses.  Why couldn’t he remember his fucking name?  It was ridiculous that he couldn’t remember his fucking name.  But then Sherlock remembered that he was actively trying to delete him in his mind palace so, he didn’t care.
John smiled and kissed Sherlock’s head before falling into slumber himself.
“I don’t know.  Are you?”
He rinsed himself off and vowed that he would never subject himself to that kind of fanciful ideation again.  Happily ever after was not in his cards.  John did not need the fucked up, damaged version of who Sherlock once was.  This was his life.
“If you have another physician, I could …”
Sherlock huffed and tapped furiously on his phone.
John rolled his eyes but stood and wandered into the kitchen.  “It’s just that you walk around sometimes in just a sheet and nothing else, but when I’m examining you, you seem like you’d rather die than drop your pants or even let me see under your shirt.  Is there a problem?”
“Yes, Sherlock, it’s me.  I need you to help me put some pyjamas on you, okay?”
“Together.”
Sherlock stood, the anger boiling at John’s weak comparison.  “John you were a soldier and a hero.  You took a bullet for God and Country with a scar to prove it!  I have a story about how I was brutally raped, beaten and tortured with an entire backside full of scars to prove it, that’s what I have.  It’s kind of a show stopper, John.  Nobody wants to know about that story.  Nobody cares that the minimally famous Sherlock Holmes went to Serbia to take down a criminal mastermind and ended up being a party favor at a 5 month long party.  You have a well-honored metal, you saved your entire platoon and countless other lives.  We might share the same diagnosis but we are not alike.  Do not … “  he visibly deflated.  “Do not compare our situations.  We are nothing alike.”
I looked at him.  He met my eyes.  We both laughed.
“So,” John said genially, “would you like to tell me what happened?”
Knowing it would do him no good whatsoever to say ‘no’, afterall, Sherlock could just as easily grab his own urine sample if needed, John reached over and grabbed another cup.  “There are cleaning swipes in the loo.  Make sure to clean yourself thoroughly before beginning your stream.  Once you’ve started, stop your stream and then collect that urine in the cup.  Be sure not to touch the sides of the cup with your penis.”
“No.”  Sherlock shook his head to emphasize his point.
“I need to stroke you, make you come with me.”
“For now, it’s fine perhaps.  I just want you to know that I would not be able to prevent myself from seeking vengeance upon anyone laying a finger on you sexually therefore I would be a willing participant should you require penetrative sex.”  Sherlock stated matter-of-factly.
Sherlock noticed tears welling in John’s eyes while he tried to maintain stoicism.  The knowledge visibly tore John apart and Sherlock was laying witness to this.  “John, I’m sorry … I …”
“Fine!”  Sherlock reached back and hooked his thumbs in the material on both sides, giving his pants a harsh tug.
“M ..Mark?”
John huffed in indignation.   “Seriously?  You probably know about three people in pop culture and Vin Diesel is one of them?”
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed noncommittally.
“Oh you know him that well, do you?  How long had you been dating?”
"And he just took it upon himself to vaccinate you," John said indignantly. "He's not a doctor. Anthea is not a doctor."
“Well, yes, obviously you need medical attention, but there is a reason he sent for me specifically even though you very vehemently insisted I not be told about this. I’m sure he can get top line medical treatment for you at the snap of his finger. He can be a complete and utter cock, but I don’t see him going against you on this for no reason.”
“How does one do that?”  Sherlock sought clarification.
“We were fucking, John.  Just tell her we’re fucking and get your arse back in here!”  Sherlock’s voice was loud and very distinctive from behind the door and John knew there was no way he could pretend they were doing anything else.  He squeezed his eyes shut tight and banged the back of his head against said door.
John took a breath, looked at the ceiling and then back at Sherlock. "Well, you are gay, right?"
Sherlock whimpered quite audibly, a look of momentary confusion quickly morphed into complete frustration.  “John!”
“You alright?”
“Here is an ice pack.  Keep it on.  Sleep with it in place.  When the ice melts, get more.  Try to keep your hip straight for the next day or so.  The bruise is bad.  The cold will slow down the progression but you have to take care of it.”
“Look at my skin, John.  My arse has been attacked,” Sherlock clarified with absolutely no doubt.
“Yes.  And then no.  I didn’t.  I’d decided to and then changed my mind.”
Sherlock paced a few steps then turned back to John and nodded.
“My good colleague has requested I show him some of the equipment that we use to treat patients.  Get an idea of the more modern kinds of equipment, you know.  Istanbul is painfully unaware of modern medicine.”  Then he whispered.  “Quite Neanderthal really.”  He visibly shivered for effect.
Mycroft gave an indulgent smile.  “Of course you are.  Of that I have no doubt,” and promptly left the room.
“Did you or did you not tell him to stop?”
“As a matter of fact,” John continued. “You don’t let anyone touch you, save for Mrs. Hudson, except for me.”
Sherlock did stop but refused to turn around.  “I’m f…”
A few hours and several cups of tea later, Sherlock finally gave a sharp intake of breath and lifted his head.  “Ugh,” he wiped his mouth and flopped onto his side.
John and Sherlock were exhausted.  They retreated to 221B and had a silent meal of Thai take-away, mechanically replenishing at least the physical reserves they had used on this particular case.  Sherlock remembered John asking him often how he was doing, hovering more closely and encouraging him to talk and to please communicate if he needed to step back.  But how could he step back?  He had decided that if he stuck with the specifics about the case, the money as the motivator of the crime, the inner workings, instead of the horrific exploitation of a sexual nature, he would be able to stay in the right frame of mind to work the case.  He used this investigation as a reason to refrain from as much sleep as he could, only indulging in brief 2-3 hour naps and only when his mind could no longer function without the sleep.  Setting his alarm for brief periods of slumber adequate enough to take away the sleep deprivation psychosis and melancholy, but no more, he kept the nightmares away for the most part.
Sherlock shrugged, “guess it got a bit … rough last night.”
I had the feeling he’ll know.
“While I was… away.”
“Molly Hooper.  You trust her too.  She would definitely do if you’re more comfortable with …”
He held me tight.  “You alright?“
.. thus far.  He had never had an opportunity to touch another man’s nude form.  The men in Serbia most certainly did not take any time to undress, there was no fondling or admiring, of course.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  50/50 shot and he got it wrong which wouldn’t help his case in the slightest.  He gave a pull at his limbs.  He flailed about uselessly for a moment.  Mike’s grip was like iron, his full weight holding Sherlock down, a strong forearm across his shoulders, pinning him, pushing him down into the mattress.
I groaned.  “Yes.”
It did not take much detective work to figure out by John’s wardrobe that he had no intention of going out with Lastrade to the pub when he left this evening.  Even though John had changed the password on his laptop once more, again that was quick work to decode and then to find his browser history.  A list of clubs frequented by London’s gay population popped up as well as several business sites from the actual clubs themselves.  It was easy to pinpoint which John would go to considering his apparent objective; first-time gay sex.  Afterall, it was not the dancing that brought him here.
John smirked and blushed, a pink hue forming at the tips of his ears and his cheeks.  “No.  I’m fine.  You buggered me good, but no, Sherlock you didn’t hurt me.”
“Just think about how good I feel up against you.  How good your cock feels to be stroked.  Take a deep breath John.  Breathe with me.”
John bit his lip.
Sherlock blinked slowly and nodded.
“You drank one glass of white wine and he consumed four gin and tonics during the course of the evening.  You left at precisely 3:41 and came here.  He left at 5:22.  Not difficult to deduce what happened the one hour and thirty-three minutes between.”
“Yeah, you fell asleep on top of me.  Definitely poor form, that.”  He smiled.
“Mycroft, what in the hell are you doing here?”  Sherlock’s skin itched, he was aware of a particular kind of soreness and dampness.  His instincts were to get himself to his feet and dressed in the presence of his overbearing brother, but he knew he needed privacy to assess the situation fully before he gave Mycroft anything else to deduce.
Sherlock was his best friend and now his patient.  Period.  The end.
“It itches … can’t you see that?  I’ve scratched nail marks across it since it happened.  Even you should be able to deduce that,” Sherlock huffed impatiently.
“Stop thinking.  I know you’re ready to retreat to your bedroom and chalk this up to failure.  Don’t do that.  Answer my question.  Do you trust me?”
“Have you ever had these symptoms before?”
"Pretty sure that's not how that works."
Malcolm nodded as though he understood what they were saying.  “Dr Mumford will have a fit, he will.”
Sherlock moaned in response.
I sighed.  “No, I don’t.”
Sherlock gave John a concerned glance.  “John.  I don’t have cancer.”
“The fluid is slightly pink.  That’s to be expected.  It will take about three days for that to go away.  If you notice any more than a slightly pink tinge or it lasts longer than three days, tell me.”
“Michael Brasnon is not deceased at the moment but I think he might rather be very shortly.  Stop worrying about protecting that beast and tell me the purpose of such a liason.”
“No, I wasn’t!  Why does everyone insist on that?  I’ve been… I was not raped last night.”  Sherlock sighed.
“Six months ago is when this all started?”
They both twitched through the aftershocks, using each other to milk their cocks of every drop.  Finally, the both slumped, John still essentially on Sherlock’s lap.
“Don’t be ridiculous.  I just finished running all over London with you.  Of course it’s fine.”
“I love you, Sherlock,” John put his forehead to Sherlock’s.  “I love you very much and I love our sex life exactly the way it is.”
John went to the loo and grabbed a warm cloth.  Returning, he cleaned Sherlock off as completely as he could and covered him with a blanket.  Wanting nothing more than to curl up next to his lover, he cursed the blasted sample staring at him from the desk.
Sherlock smiled “Yes, do quit fishing for compliments when I’m the one about to be arse-naked in that dreadful gown.”
John smiled and kissed Sherlock releasing the lip before taking it between his own teeth and giving it a gentle tug.
Next and last story will be more revelations, Sherlock whump and the smut.
“It’s true, I didn’t want you to know.  I’m infuriated that Mycroft sent for you for this.  I am livid and betrayed and absolutely incensed about this entire event,” Sherlock gritted his teeth and looked seethingly angry.  He closed his eyes and took some deep breaths.  “But not at you, John.”  Sherlock opened his eyes and sighed.
“That was amazing.”  Sherlock whispered in John’s ear.
“So, you do love me then?”
Gulp.  “Yes.”
John let his gown fall.  “Oh, I guess … well that’s sort of,” he sighed.  “Not between us, of course, but it kind of reminds me of that.  You know, being touched, being kissed or licked or bit or whatever, and then just watching what happens to the skin?”
“Of course.”
“We’ve been over this, hips up.”
He just had to get his brain to work properly again.
“What doesn’t matter?”
John let go and took a step back.  He hadn’t meant to hurt Sherlock but maybe he couldn’t remove himself personally without getting over the anger he felt first.  He recapped the needle and set the syringe back down on the counter.  “I’m sorry.  You all right?”
Sherlock shrugged.  “I suppose, in a way.”
“Oh, sorry.  Um … how about we kiss?”
Mycroft sighed.  “Oh, Sherlock.  Just because one form of rape was less torturous than the other doesn’t make it any less of one.”
“Do you take the temperature of all your patients with your lips, John?”
“You could go home in your own clothes if you want.”
“Alright.”  It would mean that he would have to make another trip across town to St Bart’s lab again, but if that made Sherlock more comfortable, then he would do it.  “I’ll get a prescription of antibiotics and a specimen cup while we’re there.”
“I think you’re overdressed.”  Sherlock’s baritone voice went straight to John’s cock once more making him impossibly harder.
John nodded and placed his hand over Sherlock’s in silent invitation to continue the touch.  “Is it … sexual attraction?”
“John, don’t misunderstand my trepidation.  I don’t feel some youthful connection to modesty or an aversion to being naked.  I have a very specific sense memory related to this scenario and I’m afraid it is stronger than I thought it might be.”
“Unless …”
“John?”
Sherlock sighed dramatically and grasped the arm rests of the chair clearly annoyed.  “Where is this discreet physician you ordered?  I want to be home before John comes home from work and have some time to burn my clothes beforehand.”
That, of course, was his thought before the fall, before Serbia.  Sherlock would never sentence John to an attempted romantic entanglement with him now.  He had been damaged beyond repair.  How could he possibly subject him to the broken, tarnished person he was now?  He had questioned himself and his capabilities of maintaining a gratifying relationship before he went away, but now he had deemed himself utterly incapable of it.
“Oh, gawd.”  Sherlock shouted in obvious relief as his bladder emptied.  “That is the strongest stream of urine I’ve had all week.”
“Your diagnostic powers are even more brilliant than I thought, Dr Watson.  You’ve already prescribed what I need from the doorway.”
“No, I’m okay.”
“Fuck off.”  My actions do not profess what my words are saying as I clench a needy hand around his bicep.
Sherlock looked distinctly uncomfortable.
John grabbed for the elastic and the only vestige of modesty he had left.  “You’re taking off my pants?  Why?”  He tried not to sound all Victorian virgin about it, but it might have had an air of squeakiness to it.
“I will regularly and frequently have sex with you, John and I won’t yield it like a weapon like women do.”
“Oh, you didn’t care to notice it because, as always, you negate your own safety in order to get your man.  As soon as he jumped the fence, your decision was made even if it had been covered in broken glass.”
“Sawback?”  John asked for clarification.
“You’ve seen mine, it’s only fair.  It’s actually not in the least fair.  As you’ve said, I’m naked.  The least …”
“I would imagine that is a constant state for you, John.”
Sherlock spoke softly.  “I told him, I tried to kiss him, he punched me and kicked me out of his home.  I dropped out of university and never saw him again.”
John Watson was usually a very sound sleeper.  Well, since he became flatmates with Sherlock Holmes at least.  He knew the man kept odd hours, not to mention odd habits with odd experiments.  He was used to having the restless sounds of Sherlock stirring about in their flat late at night when most of the country was fast asleep, including John.  If he did stir, it was, at least easy to fall back to sleep.  The physician in him did, however, become alert to alarming noises or to habits that were clearly out of the ordinary.
Finally able to return to his own body and his current reality, Sherlock took a few steps away from the wall.  Shocked he hadn’t woke John up, he stared down a moment at his friend.  His beautiful John.  Turning away and admonishing himself for being so creepy in the dark, Sherlock moved toward his side of the bed again. He wanted to pace, but he really was tired and so weary.  He needed a cigarette.  Or some heroin.  He shook his head.  Not going down that road again.  Shezza had made his appearance when John was busy being a devoted husband and soon-to-be father. The Magnussen case had provided a distraction but the heroin was a bigger one.  The pain and misery of withdrawal was not something he wanted to relive any time soon and John, he knew, would leave him.
"Probably not." John agreed.
Sherlock looked awkwardly at his watch while John held his arm up.  “Oh.”  He sat up quickly.  “Just grab a piece of tape.  Quickly.”
Sherlock took John’s hand in his and snaked in under the covers and then under Sherlock’s dressing gown, placing his hand on Sherlock’s bare hip.  John touched the flesh that he had touched many times before but he didn’t understand why it was bare.  Sherlock had been in pants and pyjamas when he had placed the frozen packs earlier.
“If I call Lestrade he’s just going to call you.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said quietly.
John looked pensive for a moment and then nodded once, quickly and stood up straight.  His gaze focused on a point somewhere over Sherlock’s shoulder.
I shake my head.  Of course it’s okay.  Don’t patronize me.  He feels too good next to me to give voice to the true snark I am feeling right now, not to mention the desperate need to run.
“Right then.  Scoot yourself over to the other side of the bed.  I’ll turn on the light over there and see what we’ve got.”  John sat on the edge of the bed, flipped the lamp on and pulled back the cover.  John sighed.  Sherlock still had on his black pants obstructing his view of the man’s hip but he could definitely see some blue and purple bruising peeking out under the edges of the fabric.  “Turn a bit away from me onto your side,” John instructed as he gently prodded the area with his fingers.   “Sherlock, take these off, I can’t see,” John tugged at the hem of the pants a bit trying to pull them out of his way for a proper exam.
Dr. Humphrey looked at Sherlock and then at John again. "Right. Got it," and proceeded to treat Sherlock's wound. "I'm going to put some morphine into your IV. Do you have someone to look after you at home tonight? I don't want to send you home with this stuff in your system if you live alone. I could admit you for observation for the night." The doctor pushed the medication into Sherlock's IV.
“You’ve been what then?”
In the hustle from ambulance to A&E, John had a moment to ask, "Sherlock, what the hell was that about? You are fine, right?"
“Good that’s very good.  Is it … localized?”  John gave another glance at his patient’s backside.
John stood once he realized he’d been caught staring at Sherlock.  “No … no, I’ll just …”  He sputtered and sheepishly made his way to his own bedroom to change.
“Touch me, John.  Feel me.”  Sherlock instructed.
“Please, Mycroft.  I’m asking you, begging you not to do this.  It was my fault for God’s s …”
“I knew you were going to say that.  You heard me and you can see what I’m doing and I’m pretty sure you can deduce where I’m putting this injection.  Use your own methods, Sherlock.”
The thrusts became impossibly faster, deeper and he couldn’t stop the whimper that escaped as he was penetrated repeatedly.
“Did you date him?”
“You do have a way with words, stud.”  Sherlock stole another kiss and smiled warmly.  “Where do you want me?”
“Don’t care.  Over here.  Now.”  Sherlock demanded.  “And don’t bother getting on the bed again until you are sufficiently naked.”
John raised an eyebrow.  He would have thought Sherlock had read it somewhere at some point in his life, but he probably deleted it.  He shrugged and answered Sherlock’s question.  “The prostate is a gland located around a man’s urethra, it is prone to enlargement and possibly cancer, especially after the age of 40 which is when an annual manual manipulation exam is warranted.  The physician accesses it by inserting a finger inside of the rectum.”
Sherlock didn’t meet John’s eyes when he nodded in understanding.
“Oh fuck … just … OH!”
“Shall we continue?”
“Of course.  I thought the consequences were that you would … reciprocate … with me.”
Sherlock gave a small quirk of a smile.  “I’m not asexual, John.”
“NO!”  John shook his head.  “No, absolutely not.  That’s not what I meant at all.”  John moved in closer and placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm.  “Listen,”  when he knew he had Sherlock’s attention and eye contact, John continued.  “Sherlock, you and I have been best friends for a long time, I’ve lived with you and I thought I knew you and your habits pretty well.  I’m saying that I didn’t think you were into sex, of any form, at all.  I’m the last person to judge you, mate.  My own personal history aside, you’re my friend and I wouldn’t do that.  Understand?”
“Just making sure.”
Sherlock grinned.  “I mean more than that.”
He smiled.  “The lube and condoms are back on my bed.  We should probably take this into the next room.”
Sherlock shrugged once more and burrowed into his pillow, apparently ready for sleep.  John shook his head and made his exit.
“John.” Sherlock was obviously losing his patience.
“So how did it resolve?”
“Yes, of course.”
“John,”  Sherlock took a deep breath.  “You can stay if you want.  I think this night is just going to be a bad one for both of us.”
“Okay.  Let me just …”  He began moving the probe as needed and pressing buttons on the machine as he went.  “Keep breathing, Sherlock.  Almost there.”
“Care to show me how to use it?”  Sherlock asked perusing the instruction manual.
John grinned and continued.  “Every time I examined you, the same issue, yet nothing in normal day-to-day living.”  John pulled the last stitch out and wiped off any errant pieces of dead skin around the area.  “Oh that does look nice, if I do say so myself.”
“You’re not.  I want you.”  He kissed the head of John’s penis.  “Very much.”
“Excellent.  Point 3.  Well, point 3 is simple really.  I put out.”
John was carrying a bag from Sainsbury.  He assessed him for a moment while he climbed the stairs.  Gait a bit stiff.
“John?”  His wording wasn’t right.  What’s mine?  What did I ‘win’?
“What?”
“Really?”  Sherlock was shocked.
“Oh … oh god.”
“No.  I’ll still have to feel the tissue to appreciate the density of it.  We can do that more comfortably in my office later or even at home if you’d rather.  I just didn’t want to have to burgle my way into this lab a second time so, might as well get all of the invasive stuff done in one go.”
“Sherlock, you sound like you’re agreeing to do something repellent, like eat monkey brains.  Tell me what’s going on in that genius head of yours,” John insisted.
John laughed.  “A brandy first then?”
“When you’re hurt on a case, you decline a trip to A&E not because you expect me to take care of you, but because you expect to either treat your injuries yourself or not at all.”
“I … winked at her,” Sherlock enunciated.
"Yep."
“You are not a sociopath.”
“You think I have a medical kink.”  Sherlock squinted his eyes, shooting daggers at John.
“Alright, Sherlock.  Relax your pelvic muscles.”  He took a firm hold of Sherlock’s penis once more, guiding the scope inside.  “Good job.  Here we go.”  Carefully he advanced the scope, examining the structures as he went.  Soon he was inside the man’s bladder.  “You’ll feel pressure while I fill your bladder with fluid.”
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut for a moment.  He could, he was sure, spin some lie and sweep everything under the rug, all status quo and dandy again for the inhabitants of Baker Street, but he was sure John new something was amiss.  John worked with him, knew him and knew how strange he’d been acting recently at crime scenes.  He was concocting some convoluted story in his head, rapid speed, but then inhaled deeply and blurted, “PTSD”.
When John got to the underpants, he kissed the spot where that glorious line of hair disappeared and looked up at Sherlock seeking permission.  When Sherlock nodded, John hooked his thumbs into the waistband of the posh, silky briefs and dragged them down and off.
My libido is helpfully responding to Sherlock.  No question.  I pushed back and soon we were sprawled on the couch, me on top of him, his dressing gown not the cover it was intended.  We grinded against each other, continuing the kisses, moving them down his throat, clavicle, nipples.  Ugh, God!
Making a show of trying to think of someone, he finally shook his head, “nope, that’s it.”
“Okay, I’m just going to take a few jabs to find what I’m looking for.”  He thrust in once, noted my response and pulled back out.  I felt like a science experiment.  In Pornland but an experiment nonetheless.  “Tell me when I hit it.”
“I will gut him!  I swear to God, he will be a floating, bloated corpse!”
“It doesn’t hurt like crazy.  It hurts right at first and then it turns into something amazing.  I promise that any orgasm you have ever had prior to this will pale in comparison.”
“Is this the turn-your-head-and-cough part or the bend-over part?”
Sherlock’s door was shut tight and the light off.  He knocked quietly knowing Sherlock was awake.  He’d just heard him leave the loo.
“Of course not.  We all have queer tendencies in one form or another.  I simply woke them up for you.”
It didn’t take long before John felt Sherlock tip over the edge and come all over their stomachs.  Assailed with friction and a litany of lusty breaths and moans coming from his lover, John found his own release.
Rage began to bubble anew.  His previous doctor (and he used the term loosely) had obviously taken short cuts that bordered on abuse.  It was sickening.  Thoughts flashed of a very long and specific type of torture once he hunted this man down.
Then came Moriarty and the fall.  Two years is a long time to dwell on what should have been.  In the early months, Sherlock swore he would tell John how he felt when he finally did come home.  He just had to give himself time to solve the Moriarty puzzle and then he would go home.  He would sit John down and explain how important he was and how he just couldn’t spend another moment without him in his life, in his bed, in any and every way.   He was in love with John and he would love for that to be true the other way around as well.
John snickered.  “Do you mind if I go through it with you?”
Sherlock winced.
“Fuck.”  Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose.  “Is Mike dead?”
Sherlock gave a shrug as nonchalantly as he could muster.  “I just thought that you might want that, with me.  I could probably do that.”
John cleared his throat and nodded.  John’s emotions were difficult to read.  There was hurt, disappointment, jealousy maybe?  Sherlock wasn’t sure.
“What didn’t I observe then?”
“Meaning,” Sherlock interrupted, “that she only grazed me with the front blade and didn’t sink it in deep enough for the sawback to tear the wound open.”
“I don’t know.  How bruised do you think it is?”  Sherlock asked shrugging his shoulder.
Sherlock had fallen asleep on the sofa when they returned to the flat, completely slack-jawed and drooling and sleeping the sleep of the fully medicated.  He’d flung himself at the sofa in typical Sherlock fashion landing himself face-down.  John took the opportunity to position the ice pack once more on his behind before he settled into Sherlock’s chair and flipped on the telly, turning the sound down very low.
“God, Sherlock.”  John shivered and sunk into the hold Sherlock had on him.  He pulled his top leg up further and spread himself open allowing the penetration to go as deep as Sherlock would have him.
“It's just … well, if you don’t want me to treat you, that’s fine.  Just go to A&E when you’re hurt.  Lestrade offers it every single time.  You never take it so I have assumed that it’s because you’d rather I … treated you at home.”
Both panted fervently for several moments.  John kissed Sherlock’s mouth and then his forehead.  He collapsed against him, breathing into Sherlock’s neck.  He felt Sherlock rub John’s arm and try to control his breathing once more as well.
“I know.”  They remained still, Sherlock’s cock head stilled just inside of John’s arse, both of them breathing within each other’s space.  “I feel like an idiot.”
“Sherlock, you don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.  I’m just trying to get to know you.”
“Take of your jumper.”  Sherlock demanded.
John was pulling at Sherlock’s arms, he moved his mouth to Sherlock’s and kissed him.  The kiss deepened and Sherlock felt like he was in complete and utter bliss.  Now fully on top of John, Sherlock pushed at the vest until it was no longer there.  He sat back and manhandled John until his pants were gone too, leaving him naked and spread out before him.  Sherlock looked his fill.  He wanted, God he wanted John so much.
Sherlock deepened the kiss and let out a low moan.  Their tongues slid gently around each other, both of them taking a moment to explore the other.  John pulled away first.
His hands roamed across my chest.  He took an experimental thrust.  Just a small one.
Lestrade let out a sigh of relief.  “Oh thank God.”  He motioned toward the door.  “If you don’t need anything, I’ll go back to the Yard and let the guys know.”
“Okay, slight pressure.”
John smiled and returned without comment to the task of cleaning up.
“Oh!”
His clothes were battered and torn and stunk of must and sex and sweat.  Suddenly the familiar walls of the Serbian prison were gone but the all too familiar faces of his captors were very present.  Dense forest open to him on three sides and his abusers on one.  They leered at him as though they wanted to devour him like they had done so many time before.  The disgusting things spewing from their mouths made Sherlock want to vomit.  He knew what they would do to him once they reached him and the thought of it made his stomach flip once more.  But he wasn’t in a small, brick-lined cell.  There was forest all around him.  He could run this time.  He could escape.  His captors took steps toward him, their mouths drooling and their faces turning to gruesome, zombie-like creatures.  Panic seized him.  They were coming closer and closer but Sherlock couldn’t move.  He took in a gulp of air and forced his body to move but nothing happened.  His arms felt like lead, they were so heavy.  The effort it took to start a stride was enormous, like he was running through molasses yet the creatures were getting closer and not hindered in any way.  He redoubled his efforts, he had to move, had to get away.  Go! He told himself.  RUN damn it!!  A knee was finally raised enough to be able to create enough power to push against the ground and finally propel him forward but the creatures were nearly upon him.  Push harder!!  You have to do better!! You have to go … NOW!!  No matter how hard he tried, his body would not obey.  Helpless …. He felt absolutely helpless and the panic seized him as he attempted to guard himself against the zombies in Serbian prison guard uniforms engulf him, dragging him down into oblivion.
“You know I’m sensitive to medications.”  He almost sounded panicked.  “I could fall or I could give the cabbie the wrong address or I could even end up at,” he shuddered visibly, “Mycroft’s flat.”
“I have experience with programming my brain to remember and delete many things.  I’m certain that the only reason I cannot delete … Serbia,” Sherlock motioned with his hand dismissively, “is because I have nothing to replace it with.  I’ve tried to fill it with … other things but it keeps coming back.”
Sherlock shook his head and slumped into his chair.  “There is more to it than simple chemistry now.  There is so much water under the bridge.  I can’t take back what’s happened to me, I can’t change it, no matter how hard I try, it slips away from my fingers … “
he reminded himself again.  “I realize this may not be the most … opportune time to end the proceedings, but …”
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock relaxed back onto the table.  “I may be a sociopath, but I’m not cruel.”
John smiled.  “Oh, I’m willing.  Anytime you like.  I just …”   John turned to face Sherlock.  “I don’t want you to feel like you have to stay with me just because … well because of this.  You should be able to relieve yourself of your symptoms without relying on anyone else.  It keeps you independent.”
“I know.” I know he was trying to be gentle but making me feel like a blushing virgin was making me crazy.
He smiled and his breath caught in his throat a moment before he continued.  “Excellent.  And have you come to terms with those feelings of lust for me?”
“No, six months ago I had my first erection in ten years.  Obviously.  Do keep up John, repeating myself is boring.”
“Boys, I was just …” Mrs. Hudson waltzed through the front door of their flat and stopped dead in her tracks at the sight before her.  “OH!  Oh my!  I’ll just …” She was down the stairs faster than they could tell her otherwise.
“Big cock, yeah, I got it.  Ta.  Don’t hear that every day from your flatmate.”
John looked completely flabbergasted.  “I thought … well, it doesn’t matter, I suppose.”  John shook his head.
Mycroft nodded once.  “I’ll wait in the hall for you to gather yourself.  You have three minutes to join me.  Of course, a shower isn’t possible at this time, I’m sure you are aware.”  Mycroft moved closer to the door, umbrella draped over his forearm.  He paused at the door.  “There is an agent in the room above, below and on each side of this room.  Do not try to run off.”
John shook his head.  No point arguing.  “It’s not like her to be clumsy.  What made her trip?”
“Do you have full use of your thumb?”
Easily coming back to the purpose, John firmly grasped the impressive organ before him and pulled back revealing the glans and the urethral opening. Sherlock gasped quietly and John noted him squeezing his eyes closed.  Quickly and with practiced ease, John inserted the syringe and slowly pushed the plunger, pulling up and out as the fluid filled the space.
“Well, none of them ever had a huge cock, so I suppose not.”
John had done as instructed and waited.  When Sherlock was at his side once more, he asked, “you okay?”
After John excused himself to go upstairs to sleep, Sherlock purposely left his mobile phone in the kitchen and then went to bed himself.  He knew the nightmares would come back but he had to start sleeping again.  Or at least, not waking himself on purpose anymore.  The case was done.
“Pardon?”
John winked at his flatmate and flashed a cheeky grin.  He deserved it.  Served him right for disregarding his own safety like that.  It hadn’t been the first time he’d done that in the weeks they had lived together.  “I know.” He removed the object from the fridge and closed the door.  “I need you to stand up, drop your pants and bend over the table.”  John stated matter-of-factly as he plunged the needle on the syringe into the vial he held upside down directly in front of his own face.
John stood and held his gown to the side as Sherlock pulled up the stool and sat down just in front of John, eye level to John’s hips.  He repeated the light graze of fingertips to John’s other thigh and watched in fascination as the other testicle slowly rose.  John thought it was amusing to watch Sherlock so wrapped up in the rise and fall of the sensitive skin surrounding his bollocks.  It made him think about those who have shared his bed in the past and how they would explore each other languidly after the heat and frenzy had worn off, but he supposed Sherlock hadn’t had many lovers to just explore and notice different things about the delicate areas of the body.  At least he hadn’t noticed any lovers since he’d started living with the man.  Not for the first time John found himself wondering about Sherlock’s sexuality.  They hadn’t really talked about it since that first night where he had made it perfectly clear that women weren’t his area and that he was married to his work.
“Ugh … oh God, Sherlock … oh God!  That feels,” he gasped again, “that feels so...”
“There you go.  Relax and breathe.  That’s all you have to do right now.  Breathe in.  Breathe out.”  His foot flips my ankle over his and he insinuated his knee under my thigh, my leg was drawn up and spread open.  He pulled me backwards a bit more so that I was practically in his lap.  His breath was steadily warming my neck.  He pinched my nipples, each in turn making me gasp softly, not enough to hurt, just arouse them.
John rolled his eyes.  “Oh, bloody hell.  What is it you think I’m doing back here now?!  I’m trying to help you, you daft git.  Now take these damn things off so I can see.”
“Keep stroking you?  Absolutely.”  John placed the sample carefully on his desk while maintaining his ministrations inside of Sherlock.  Once that was taken care of, he turned his clinical side completely off and gave his … boyfriend???  The full attention he needed.
“I’m not talking about that anymore.  It serves no purpose.”
“I want to make sure you’re okay?”  Sherlock explained.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and moved to stand then stopped dead in his tracks barely able to breathe again.  The pain made itself known during the movement, no longer hidden by the anxiety.  Tearing, burning pain lit up his backside like being impaled on a hot poker.  He took deep breaths again.  Will the cycle ever stop?  Nightmare.  Anxiety. Breathe. Pain. Anxiety. Breathe.  As far as John was concerned, the worst of it was only less than a day old.  To Sherlock it had been an endless pattern for so long, the incident yesterday only pouring salt on a very old, open wound.  He was tired.  He was frustrated and yes, he was angry.  If John wasn’t there to mother-hen him to death, he’d be able to scream, hit a wall, break a cup or two throwing them into the fireplace. But he couldn’t do that with John in the room.  He wouldn’t alarm him, make him worry.  Deep breath.  Deep breath.
Sherlock nodded and went into the bathroom.  He needed a moment by himself.  Needed to check his too sore fucking injury and his too emotional fucking head.  John said that he couldn’t keep tearing down walls every day.  Like it was possible for him to just let John waltz in anytime he wanted.  Walls were the only way to keep him from ruining John’s life.  Walls were what was keeping him functional.
“I swear to God, Sherlock if you tell me this is not my business, I will punch you in the neck!”
“You’re welcome, Sherlock.”
“You okay?”
Frances was good-looking, charming, had deep brown eyes and wavy brown hair.  Sherlock could deduce from across the room that he was single, never married, no children, openly gay, successful, lived by himself and had one small dog.  He let himself smile when they first made eye contact, but then the man smiled and came in for a casual hug and kiss to Sherlock’s cheek.  That was when Sherlock first got the whiff of the appalling halitosis.  Dreadful, unacceptable.
“Fucking hell.”
“Abnormal you mean.”
“God, yes!  All yours!”  John’s breathing was heavy and shallow once more.  He lifted his hips, canting them in the air all the better for Sherlock to thrust into.
“Yes, of course.  Cover up all evidence from your doctor, acting normal, hiding your pain.  Everything status quo.”  Mycroft sounded annoyed but sighed and moved on.  “No need.  There are extra clothes in the exam room for when you’re finished.  I’ll have those burned myself.”
“Better?”
God that had taken a lot for John to say.  Sherlock had to take a moment to mold his melted heart back into shape.  He had to keep his breathing steady and his true emotion hidden under the mask of confusion when he was dying inside.  His next words were going to hurt him.  It pained him to know that and to have to witness it himself.
Sherlock rolled quietly onto his back, pulled the covers up over him again and stared at John.  “I think you have already assessed that there is bruising present.  How big the bruise is is irrelevant.  The treatment is the same.  Ice, which I see you’ve brought with you,” Sherlock reached for the bag of ice laying on the floor at John’s feet.
He grabbed the waistband on my jeans and started yanking them down.  I gasped.  “Can we go ahead and get rid of these?”  He’s asking in a sort of tentative voice as though I haven’t been dry humping his hand for the past few minutes.
“Because it’s information I might need.  Do you know how many murders are committed over matters of sex, John?  Ninety percent …”
,’ Sherlock reminded himself.   Remembering the calming techniques he found online, he kept his eyes open and named three things in the room.  ‘
“Easy, Sherlock.  You were having a nightmare.  You were screaming.”
“Mmm?”  I continue my laguid kisses to his neck, his ear lobe.
“We won’t be able to fuck tonight.”  John clarified.
can’t say things like that.  I’m not a physician.  I can say whatever I like and I’m pretty sure we knew going in that my bedside manner might be a bit lacking.  You have a substantially sized penis.  You are a short man with a history of authority and no trouble bedding women.  You don’t spend your money on the latest fashion or fancy sports cars to make up for the size of your genitalia, you walk with the stature and command of a man who has it all, therefore…”
“Okay.  You don’t have to do it that way.  Turn on your other side.  I’ll come up behind you.”
Sherlock left John to pay and dashed inside.  John caught up with him quickly though as he was rounding the corner to go into his room.
“John, listen to me.  You tensed up somewhere between your cock being in my mouth to my cock being in your arse.  You’re okay now.  I’m not going in until you’re ready.  Do you trust me?”
John was already on his way to meet Sherlock at the crime scene when he received a call from Lastrade. The semi-panicked voice made him anxious to get there sooner and he told the cabbie in a very curt voice to "step on it." When he arrived he heard Sherlock yelling "For God's sake" and "idiot" a lot. He was apparently conscious so that was good. The gathered crowd of Yarders parted to allow John through.
“Sounds frustrating.”
John pulled off quickly and sat up on his haunches between Sherlock’s spread thighs.
Suddenly Sherlock stopped.  He collapsed on top of John.
Lowering himself deliberately into the leather chair, Sherlock made sure not to wince in the presence of his brother.  A show of weakness would make Mycroft all the more likely to project his anger onto …
“Dear God, what does she want?”  Sherlock huffed in indignation.
“Here it is then,” he turned toward Mycroft who had been silent since being told off by John. “Where is the exam room and do I have a kit to work with?”
Sherlock shrugged, “could’ve been worse.”
“Of course it is.”  Sherlock joined me, sitting directly next to me.  “I do, however, have a short list of reasons why it is a good idea to allow our relationship to become physical.  Would you like to hear them?”
“Broccoli is too lumpy.”
“John?”
I gasped as he put a hand inside my pants and took hold of my cock.  My eyes were open, taking him in, his full lips, his ice-blue eyes, pupils dilated, the blush to his cheeks so prominent on the otherwise pale skin.  This is not a game at all.  If I had any doubts otherwise, his desire was, at that point, extremely obvious.  Nobody is that good of an actor.  He kissed me sweetly, tenderly.  He was laid out beside me, on his side, one hand under the nap of my neck, the other quite busy within the depths of my trousers.  The hand behind my head pulled me into him, deep, passionate kisses.
“Mmm … stylish.”
“And what else …”
“Rowandunsteigal.”  Both Malcolm and Sherlock corrected.
“Mycroft!”  Sherlock gritted his teeth and spoke tersely.
Sherlock did not make him wait very long before he grabbed the cock in front of him and licked a long stripe with his tongue meeting John’s skin from the base of his penis, slowly, maddeningly slowly, to the tip of his glands.
John pondered on why Sherlock could be so sleepy.  He hadn’t really given him anything.  Adrenaline crash and some of the local anesthetic getting into his system could account for it though.  Sighing, John threaded Sherlock’s feet into his pyjama pants and pulled them up his legs just past his knees but couldn’t get them up any further without Sherlock’s cooperation.  Wanting to make this as painless as possible for the detective, he also unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt getting it ready to be changed for the soft t-shirt.
“Ah, that.”  Sherlock nodded his head.
“Yes.”
John had taken the cup away and put it on the table when he sat back only to have a pillow shoved in his lap and a very drowzy Sherlock flop his head onto that spot.  John put his arms out ready to push his way out from under his flatmate but once he heard the deep, contented sigh, he just couldn’t bring himself to move.  He hesitated a moment but finally put his hand on top of Sherlock’s head, running his fingers over the dark curls and finding himself wondering about how he had been cared for in the past.  As Sherlock slept, John studied his face.  He looked so young and innocent in sleep.  John knew he had a checkered past full of addictions and probably people that tended to abuse their relationship with him.  People in those circles tended to overextend and insinuate themselves which made John shudder to think.  In addition to how Sherlock scoffed at sentiment and knowing Mycroft wasn’t the most affectionate man, he couldn’t imagine the Holmes family being overly affectionate either.  John found himself asking what kind of life Sherlock must have known and how hungry he must have been for comfort to be so seeking of it in his sleep.  The thought made John square his jaw and stiffen his posture with indignation over the presumably wicked people who influenced a very young, vulnerable Sherlock.  His own life wasn’t all rainbows and sunshine but despite the harsh times, John and Harry always knew their parents loved them and always hugged them and showed their emotions.
“Just tell me… it’s going to hurt like crazy isn’t it?”
Sherlock remained silent.
“This is so absurd!”  I announced as I plopped down onto the sofa.
He shook his head.  He couldn’t let his mind wander.
“Sort of.  In university there was someone.  I had thought I was asexual up until that point as well, but we struck a friendship like I had never known before.  I don’t know why he insisted on spending time together but he did and I discovered, after many months of having his friendship, for the first time in my life, I did have sexual feelings.”
Sherlock instinctively pushed back searching for more.  “John … John, please … need more,” Sherlock begged.
“What?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but complied none the less.
“You okay?” John asked when Sherlock seemed to be contemplating something.
“What?”  John demanded.
Sherlock opened his eyes as wide as he could, although weakly, “John, that’s ridiculous!  I’ll freeze.”  He burrowed under the covers, still visibly shivering.
“We?”
John laughed.  “It’s ‘through his stomach,’ you git.”
John took a step closer but seemed to think that was a poor decision and stepped back once again.
“I want to, Sherlock.  I want you.  Want to feel you.  I’ve never felt this close to anyone, ever.  This is nice.”  He shifted his bottom a bit, angling more upward allowing more of the thick cock to enter him.  He groaned.  “Well, I think it will be nice, once I’m properly …”  he attempted to shift and finally plopped his head back against the pillow once more.  “…relaxed.”
“Hey, you got a light?” the stranger asked me looking me up and down?
Just when John was about to insist Sherlock let him do a complete once over, he remembered the physical he had done on Sherlock and the reason for the delays then.  “Oh.”  John turned toward the sink and began washing his hands again.  “It’s just a small form of shock, Sherlock.  Not a big deal.  It’s what makes your pulse and your breathing so rapid.  You’ll get sleepy here shortly as well,” John explained attempting to give Sherlock a bit of space and attempt to dissolve some of the humiliation he might be feeling.  Not for the first time John found himself wondering about Sherlock’s medical kink and how long it had been going on.  He wasn’t one to judge others for what made them go ‘round though.  It wasn’t his business.  If Sherlock had a kink, so what.  If Sherlock liked to masturbate in front of pink-haired troll dolls it had nothing to do with John whatsoever.  John toweled his hands off and put on a fresh pair of sterile gloves to finish the job.  “Just put your hand down on the table.  I think we can both sit for the last of it, yeah?”
“Ah, yes.  Are we a bit more comfortable with our next activities then?”
“No, I know you’ll say I’m being foolish, that LOVE conquers all and we’ll be just fine!” Sherlock pumped his fist in a show of mock merriment and solidarity.  Placing his hands on his thighs, he continued, “but that’s not really how this works, is it?”
I wrap my arms around John’s and snake them around his bare chest, trapping him against me, giving him no room to turn and see who is behind him.  His only visual input are the bodies in various states of undress.  I didn’t know if he’ll just go with it or if fight or flight will kick in so I spoke directly into his ear keeping my voice low, breathy.  I grind into him giving him no room to doubt my intentions.  “Tell me what you want.”
They were both caught in a moment of inappropriate laughter, both turning a bit red.
Sherlock smiled.
Sherlock attempted a steely glare that really only looked like a pissed off, pouty kitty cat.  “So you’re saying my only two options are frozen produce or medication being forced inside my body anally?”
“When you go into doctor mode, you start talking as though you have a mouse in your pocket and the pair of you will fix me,” Sherlock sank back into the bed, shivering.  “I need my heating pad.”
“Got that, yeah.”
“Did you tell him how you felt?”
“Oh,” Sherlock said nervously.
“What is it you’re looking for then?”
"Except that I ..."
"Good morning, sunshine," John said too loudly.
The shirts were rucked up to his armpits.  His arms were manhandled above his head, wrists crossed and held in place by one strong hand.  Sherlock didn’t have to order him to keep them there, he just knew not to move them.
“Can I have two of these?”
John grabbed his hands and pulled them away.  “None of that.  I just put medication on it.”
“I could ask you the same, brother mine, but I am already aware.”
So when he heard the toilet flush for the sixth time that night and Sherlock opening the bathroom door to scurry back to his room, he flipped onto his back and sighed.  ‘Probably the flu’ he thought as he sat up, slipped his feet into his slippers, grabbed his medical kit under his bed and made his way down the stairs.
John pushed Sherlock backwards onto the bed again, his legs on either side of Sherlock’s.  He rained kisses anywhere his lips landed.  Finally, what Sherlock said sunk into his lust-filled brain.  “What?”
“Of course not.  I didn’t take it that way.  No worries about me, Sherlock.  None of that.  Let’s get you sorted and then we can work out the rest in your own time.  All right?”
“There you go again.  You’re thinking too much.”  M smiles.
Sherlock nodded and said with a shaky voice, “I … I think so.”
“Alright then.  Not much time, I’m afraid.  Off with the knickers and up on the table.”  John announced as he turned and patted the paper lining on the exam table.
John shook his head.  “No, of course not.  Go ahead. I like it when my patients don’t smell up the room.”  He smiled
Finally, Sherlock dragged a hand through his hair and flopped his arm over his head.  “Fine.  Examine me.”
“No.  I don’t suppose I can speak on first-hand authority, but I should think this would be easier than a manual prostate exam.”
“Molly Hooper happened,” Sherlock scoffed as if the name was venom as he leaned forward once more onto the exam table.
“Ah, small talk first, it is then.  I would like to eat as little as possible, enough to get you off my back followed by as little small talk as necessary about my scars, my ‘psychological wounds’, my sexual experiences pre and post rape and then pre and post last week and the final highlight of the evening, going to fucking bed where I will then fall asleep and relive in great detail all of the things mentioned above.  I don’t need a therapist.  I talk already.  I talk to you.  I talk to you over and over and over again until I am nothing but what has happened and you won’t let me go on cases because ‘I’m recovering’ and you won’t talk about anything else and I swear to fucking God, if I hear the word ‘therapist’ come out of your mouth once more, I will scream, I swear to God, I will scream!”
“Nope.  You’re right.  I’ve harped and nagged too long.  It’s time to get back to what you love.”
“I’ll wash it with a baking soda solution.  Maybe that will help neutralize it.”
Sherlock moaned in delight as John’s hands continued to roam across his body.  He tried to be more participatory but John kept holding his hands at bay, moving them to a non-volatile location.  He became more frustrated and more aroused at the same time.  John stroked his cock, pebbled his skin with warm kisses all over his body.  Without realizing it, he was turned around and the kisses began assaulting the back of his neck, behind his ears, those spots that were even more erogenous than stroking his cock.
“Bullshit!  You opened up to me yesterday,” before Sherlock could interrupt him, he reiterated, “yes, you did!  You told me things you never said before.  You told me you were gay which is decidedly more personal than you have ever been with me, you told me things, important things about your past about what you’ve suffered through.”  John sighed.   “I thought this meant you were letting me in.  You were allowing me to stand with you, help you.”
"Looks like the bleeding has mostly stopped," John assessed when he removed the cloth to have a look. "No ambulance. I'll treat him at home." He gave Sherlock a knowing wink.
“I thought it in his best interest for you to know all of it for the sake …”
Lestrade turned toward Sherlock.  “A man shot to death with only an exit wound and no entry wound?  That has to rate at least a seven.”
John shook his head doubtfully then felt Sherlock’s body press up against his, fingertips to knees.  “Oh, god!  Sherlock … Sherlock, that’s ugh …”  He rutted against Sherlock, unable to stop himself as his hands were physically held up and pressed into the door, their chests heaving in tune, their groins pressed hotly against one another.
Sherlock nodded, “39.2 degrees.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~<><><><><>~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
M wrapped his arms around Sherlock once more and pulled him tightly into his chest.   “How about we finish what we started?”
After a few moments of silently reading, John was startled away from the article by Sherlock’s announcement.  “John, I will need you to examine my prostate please.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“Is it bad?”  Sherlock asked.
“Shh shh Love, I’m going to make you feel so good, Sherlock.”  John moved over to the side and tapped Sherlock’s hip.  “Roll over form me again, babe.  Flat on your back.”
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock sat down heavily.  “You don’t understand, John.  I can’t keep this up.”
“Okay.”  John smiled the condescending smile of a physician who knows when their patient is lying.  “Any pain?”
“No, God no!  More slowly though, yeah?”  John took in a deep breath, visibly relaxed on the exhale and grabbed onto Sherlocks biceps and pulled his knees more outward and toward his chest.
“Sounds delightful.”  Sherlock huffed.  “Yes, I’m fine.”
John produced his NHS ID card. "I am his doctor. I would be happy to finish him up and take him home if you'd like." John looked at Sherlock who was snoring softly.
“All right then.  Good.”  John placed a steadying hand on Sherlock’s hip and began noticing the edges of the bruised area.  It was alarmingly large, extending all the way across one buttock.  “I’m just gonna …” he placed his hand on Sherlock’s hip once more then pushed at the fleshy cheeks checking for rigidity.  Making careful mental notes regarding color and size of the bruising, he gently pulled Sherlock back toward him once more.  “I’m gonna look at how far it extends in the front and check your pulses.”  John repositioned the blanket to cover Sherlock’s important bits as he continued to assess the man’s hip and the pulse in his groin pulling on Sherlock’s limbs as needed to accomplish the tasks.  Finally he pulled the material back into place to preserve his patient’s modesty once more and then moved to the end of the bed and felt the pulses in Sherlock’s feet.  “Very good,” he said with finality.  He reached for the ice pack on the floor and wrapped it in the towel.  “That wasn’t too bad, I hope.”
John spoke softly into Sherlock’s ear.  “One more, babe.  I know you can do it.”
There was no moving through the crowd without touching.  There was no turning around without rubbing against someone.  My arse was found by more than a few groping hands on my way across the floor.  Encouraging.  Somewhat.  I found a dark corner behind the dance floor.  There were no tables left but I found a ledge to lean against and just watch.  Closer inspection of the dance floor had me revisiting my opinion about the foreplay.  It’s not just foreplay I see. It’s full on sex.  You would have to look for it through this crowd but there were definitely men being fucked right out there on the dance floor.  Hell, I bet they don’t even know each other’s names. How hard could it possibly be to get laid here?  I took off my leather jacket.  Shit.  Know idea what the hell I’m going to do with it?  Should have left the damn thing at home.  I was hot as hell though.  I could not put it back on and I’m not leaving. I was suffocating in the heat.
“No.  I have more to show you.”  Sherlock sat back on his haunches and grabbed hold of John’s ankle pulling it up and over his body to join the other one.  He pinned John onto his side and sidled up next to him, behind him slowly thrusting inside.  He tucked John’s head into his own shoulder and touched him top to tail, languid strokes as John huffed and winced.  Sherlock stilled the thrusting.  “Relax, love.  I’m not going to hurt you.”
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock flexed his bandaged hand a bit, not looking up.  “It’s fine.”
“I pushed my lips to your forehead.”
He brushed the hair away from my face and kissed me before he reached for the condoms and lube “It’d be better if I was behind you.”
The End
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "So I have a purely homosexual kink. You obviously have something to base this scientific deduction on, I'm sure. Please enlighten me."
I steeled myself and then respond, “Yes, yes I am.”  I moved forward.  He opened the door for me.  Yeah, what a gentlemen.  Thanks.   Oh fuck.
I then shift concentration, noticing a tall, ginger man to my left notice him.  He had a smirk plastered to his face, an obvious predator.  I moved closer.  John’s back was to me.  John will be pissed that I followed him here, but I also did not want to leave the bait out there for the sharks to eat.  I took in his appearance once more.  His shirt off.  His skin flushed.  He’s hot and sweaty. He’s practically chum to the sharks within the room.  He’s definitely looking for something, I know it isn’t me, but all the same, I can’t leave him here.  Well this is going to shock the hell out of him.  The predator is making his move. I make mine faster and give him a ‘so sorry’ smile.
John came home from the surgery late in the evening on Monday carrying an unmarked paper bag.  Sherlock greeted him warmly if not suspiciously when he entered their flat.
“Of course.”
John chuckled.  “Yes you do.”  He stroked a thumb across Sherlock’s cheek.  “If you still want me to show you what it feels like on the inside, I will, but I’m not going to examine you, coldly, propped up over a table.  Your lover, will show you, not your doctor.”
Sherlock remained silent.
“I’ll go find you a set of scrubs to wear home,” John said as he applied an ointment to Sherlock’s rash.
John looked up to see Sherlock’s eyes watching him as he increased the pressure and began to suck the man’s cock.  John pulled off with a plop, maintaining eye contact just long enough to ask, “you like to watch me suck your cock?”
John nodded.  “Well then.  A bit dramatic, but job well done, I suppose,” he moved toward Sherlock with the basin and a couple of flannels. “So what happened?”
“No….”  I’m not fucking scared.  “Shut up.”
Sherlock nodded groggily.  He had been so relaxed, he’d almost fallen asleep.  He felt the pressure of the tourniquette around his upper arm, the cold wetness of the alcohol wipe and then it occurred to him, “Can I have some too?”
“No, what for?” Sherlock looked abashed.  “We’re both adults here.”
Sherlock finally bottomed out inside of John and stopped thrusting.  He rotated his hips a bit just to feel all the pure enveloping warmth.  Again he laid on top of his lover, snaking his hands underneath John and put his arse cheeks in his hands, pulling John up as he ground down, his cock pushing in deep.
John was interrupted by Sherlock.  “NO!  No, not Molly.  I’ve imposed on her enough and I think she’d become suicidal if she saw me in this state.”
“Really?”  John said to absolutely nobody.  “Fine.  Be a childish little prick.”  He picked up his phone and started texting Lestrade.
Sherlock released his hold and began taking off his scarf and coat.  “Istanbul has a state-of-the-art medical community with many private hospitals and world-renowned physicians.  It’s hardly a third-world rated country at all.”
He looked affronted.  “Oh, well, you may have been out at the time.”
“I’ve already had a tetanus vaccine,” Sherlock interjected.
Sherlock looked down.  His cock was completely hard and jutted out at a 90 degree angle from his body.  He took hold of it and gave a couple off-handed strokes.  “Do you have anything that might help an exceptionally elongated urethra  Doctor Watson?”
John smiled.  “I like that too.”  He looked up at Sherlock and pulled himself up onto an elbow.  “You feeling alright?  Did it hurt to orgasm?”
The light from the neon strobe hits against me making my flesh burn.  I know I’m not being cooked alive but there are entirely too many people…too many men crowded into this room.  The bass of the music reverberated the sidewalk before I entered but now, contained within the walls, it surrounds me like a blanket, suffocating me.  I know I can still breathe, I know there is air left in this room even though I’m dizzy and purposefully trying to keep control of my breathing.  ‘
“Fair enough.”
“You’re going to massage my prostate?”
M smiled.  “I believe you are correct.”
“Don’t say anything.  Just know it’s true.  Every word.”
Sherlock closed the door once they were both inside.  He stopped John from removing his own jumper.
Sherlock nodded.  “John, I didn’t know it was the killer.  I have great eyesight, but all I could see from a distance was a red stone.  It could have been a gumball machine toy for all I knew.  I had no intention of being stabbed when I walked toward him.”
“It’s nothing, John.”
Sherlock’s breath was coming in gasps, his entire body twitching with need, his back arched, his knees spread, his toes curled.
Sherlock snarled a bit then nodded.  “Agreed.”
“The size of your penis, of course.”
“You’ve never met up with me to carry the groceries in before.  What’s wrong?”
“No.”  Sherlock threw over his shoulder as he continued to limp toward his bedroom door.
"Jeezus christ, Sherlock." John straightened his posture, lifted his head and puffed his chest. "Yep, loads of times. Many many sorts of time I've seen him naked. Doesn't bother me a bit."
“Where you’re most comfortable.  I can come to yours if you like.”
“This stuff will feel kinda cold but it’ll heat right back up.”
"Mycroft? What does he ..."
“How?”
“No, of course not.”
“Of course.  The pain started about a month ago.  The rest about a week ago.”
“You look as though you don’t believe me.”
John sat back on his haunches taking the weight off his arms as he kissed along Sherlock’s collar bone and then down his chest as he unbuttoned the shirt, nipping and kissing with each new inch of exposed skin.  Finally he spread the shirt front open and had to sit up and just look at all of the glorious, pale, smooth skin that he had seen before but could never touch.  This deserved some time to appreciate.  He ran his hands along Sherlock’s ribs, across his pectoral muscles, tweaking a nipple along the way as he trailed along the thin line of hair leading down into Sherlock’s pants.  John smirked and hooked his arms behind Sherlock’s knees bringing them up to rest on John’s shoulders.  He pulled off a sock, kissed the arch of the foot and did the same with the other.  He kissed the ankle on his left side and then the shin on his right.  He kissed a knee and then the other watching as Sherlock bit his lip and slowly became unglued.
"We're going to go ahead and remove the neck brace and roll you off of the back board and then I'llgive you a good once over and stitch you up. Sound okay?" The doctor asked.
“No?  Alright, I have it right here then.”  He sat on the side of the bed and fished for his pants on the floor beside the bed.  “Ah, here we go.”  He held up two small packets, one condom, one packet of surgical lube.  “Hope that’s enough slick, I’m afraid that’s all I brought.  I could get some out of my kit though if you need it.”  He rambled.
John huffed and finished putting the pieces back into the box.  “Finish your shot.”
“I will take care of you.”
“John, we don’t have to do this.”
“Like a prostitute.  Order off the menu?  John you’re being ridiculous.”
“Won’t be needing it.”  Sherlock grabbed a thermometer off the counter with a flourish and presented it to John.  “My research indicated the most accurate temperature is a core temperature.”
When Sherlock didn’t respond, Mycroft texted again.
Sherlock had to admire the naked chest before him.  It was perfectly sculpted.  The man had obviously worked hard to attain it, a necessity for his job. He found himself comparing his experience with
“Oh, John … that’s … fuck, that’s perfect,” Sherlock said breathily, head slung back, hands on John’s biceps, back arched, knees open, toes curled.  He was a sight of pure wanton lust and the moans, dear God in heaven … jeezus fucking Christ it was bliss.  Absolute bliss.
“Mrs Slitheen?  What has she lost now?” Sherlock asked as John coaxed Sherlock to lie down flat on the table.  He felt the gown being lifted, his legs parted as John’s clinical touch continued.
Sherlock wrapped John up in his arms.  Hopefully to calm but also served to anchor John in place.  “John, open your eyes.  Do it.”  He commanded.
“That was a troublesome case, but they all are, John.  Every case that has anything to do with love or lust or jealousy, which is 90% of the time, it is difficult and I can expect at least 70% of the time to be afflicted with some sort of instantaneous recall of past events.  I have practiced pulling myself out of them, but it is becoming more and more difficult depending on the severity.  During those times, when it was the subject matter of sex that brought them on, I hypothesized that my brain, since it had no other memories of a sexual nature, automatically defaulted to the only memory it had bringing on the episodes.  I thought, if I could replace my only sexual experience with a more … pleasant recollection, then I could reprogram my mind palace to go to the new experience instead of where I keep the … other memories.”
"Yes, thank you, Doctor." Once he was off of the dreadful board, Dr Humphrey adjusted the head of the gurney and Sherlock was able to see the entire room. John furrowed his brow when he noticed Sherlock had a look of challenge on his face. He knew Sherlock and he knew this was definitely going to be a bit not good.
“Both.  But it also hurts to not ejaculate.”
“Ah.”
“Easy, Love.”  John draped himself over Sherlock’s back keeping his body well away from causing any possible friction to Sherlock’s cock.  He did thrust his hips toward Sherlock’s getting a bit of friction on his own still-clothed cock.  “One more, Love.  Then I’ll make you come.”
“Then you don’t?”  Sherlock pushed.
Sherlock raised a suspicious eyebrow.  “I do not want you to tell John.”
With the patience of a saint, John resigned.  “Sod it,” he whispered to himself.  “Nevermind,” he stated to his friend as he reached for the button on his trousers.  Finally in nothing but socks and his boxers, John reached for the gown.
Malcolm refocused his attention back onto John.  “But what are you doing here?”
“Mmm … God, John!”  Sherlock pulled away breathless.  “As much as I would love to tell you that I am rubbing against you like a cat in heat because I’m so turned on, I have to admit that my arse is itching again like it’s on fire!!”
“Really, John?  Do you like Whit-flower cookies?”
“Hmm.”  Sherlock grumbled noncommittally.  He turned and flipped the light switch back on and John felt a firm grip on his chin pulling his jaw downward.  Soon he found himself with a wooden stick shoved into his mouth.
Sherlock pulled John with him as he lay down on the sofa, deepening the kiss.  John easily followed his lover to a horizontal position, straddling Sherlock’s waist.  John was happy that Sherlock hadn’t seen fit to put on additional clothing while he waited for him to return.  Getting straight to the skin to skin contact was a wonderfully easy matter.  His hands roamed over the gloriously smooth skin of Sherlock’s chest and abdomen until he was abruptly pushed away from Sherlock’s face, effectively ending a perfectly amazing kiss.
“Berk,” John said fondly and kissed Sherlock’s lips softly before pulling himself up.  “Stay right there.  I’ll be right back.”  John padded his way naked to the bathroom through the adjoining door.  He cleaned himself off then rinsed the flannel and walked back to Sherlock.
John sighed.  He’d taken care of minor issues with Sherlock before, lacerations, blunt-force trauma, sprained ankle, even a rash at one point—all advanced first aid sort of things.  He wasn’t sure having his best mate as a patient was a good idea for this though.  There would be very personal exams, prolonged care and follow up.  He supposed that having someone he trusted would set Sherlock’s mind at ease a bit though, especially if he’d already been through this before and apparently had a somewhat less than a stellar physician in charge of his care.  The testing can be rather barbaric to a young lad.  Sherlock must not have been much out of university when this first happened.
“We’re not … what?”  John was visibly hurt.  Like a blow to the head.
Lestrade shrugged and went to call an ambulance. John knelt next to Sherlock's head and started to examine Sherlock while trying to talk to the man discreetly.
“Oh God,” Sherlock spread his legs open quickly.  “Check.”
“No gown.  I allowed your boxers which are, frankly, ridiculous.  Why would anyone choose to wear an undergarment with so much extra room made of starched cotton material with absolutely no elastic properties whatsoever?  They bunch up under your trousers and do not allow any support at all to your penis and testicles.”
“Okay.  But you need mine?” John asked.
Sherlock huffed.  “John, as I have explained, I’m married to my work.  I am flattered, but …”
Not for the first time since they’d become partners, John felt protective toward the man sleeping in his lap.  He stroked the dark curls away from Sherlock’s face fondly and rubbed soothing circles into his hip with the other hand.
“I’m fine.”
With a gentle hand John’s fingers wondered around Sherlock’s back then migrated southward toward the sac held high and tight to Sherlock’s body.  He was so close.  John wished he could see his face, hold him more closely.  The best he could do was stand behind him, kiss his back and grind his hips into Sherlock’s to let him know he was still there.  Well that, and continue to stroke his prostate.  Left border, in. Right border, in.  God, his finger was in Sherlock’s ass.  Sherlock wanted it to be there.  He was stroking Sherlock’s prostate.  Not in a clinical way but in an intimate way.  He nipped at the swell of Sherlock’s buttock, took a lick of his skin.
It didn’t take long before John pulled away from Sherlock’s friction-swollen lips to grab his own dick and finish the job.  He came all over Sherlock’s face and neck as he screamed out his lover’s name.  When Sherlock licked his lips and put a finger-full of come in his own mouth, John gasped and stroked himself a few more times and then smeared the head of his cock through the mess on Sherlock’s neck and jaw.  “Oh fuck!  So gorgeous … so fucking gorgeous.”   John bent down and kissed Sherlock once more, both of them tasting semen and each other in their kiss.
“Yes, then we have all the naked fun you like.”
(See the end of the chapter for
About the time John concluded that he really, very much needed to talk with Sherlock, he heard the shower start.  He supposed he could go into the bathroom while he was in the shower, God knows he’d entered the bathroom to shave or take a piss during Sherlock’s showers and vice versa over the months to think that was fine, but he thought, given how fast Sherlock had high-tailed it away from John, Sherlock might not appreciate the intrusion at the moment.  Best to give him a minute to process.  But, John also thought Sherlock was probably freaking out a bit too.  ‘
Once Sherlock was a writhing mass of pent up frustration, John  decided to push it a bit further.  He thought he had more time since Mrs. Hudson probably did cool Sherlock down quite a bit.  Sherlock’s entire perineum was completely wet and dripping with John’s saliva.  Sitting back on his haunches once more, John placed both hands firmly on Sherlock’s arse cheeks down low, close to thigh and spread him open leaving his thumbs close together resting on that space just behind Sherlock’s bollocks.
“I don’t need … help.”  He said the last word like it was disdainful.  “I told you because Mycroft was making my life miserable.  I told you because he insisted on it.”  Walls, walls, build the walls.
Sherlock looked guiltily away for a moment.  “Well, that was …”
“John?”  Shit he sounds nervous again.  “I’m going to do something else…it’s…well, you’ll like it.”  I had no time to respond when I felt my cheeks being pulled apart and something warm and wet directly on my arsehole.
“Well how was I supposed to know this was your fucked up way of courting me?  Jeezus H, Sherlock.  If you’d have punched me in the gut it would’ve been more obvious then … then whatever all that was.  You didn’t have to … to trick me into thinking like that.”
Sherlock glanced at the clock when the door was being noisily opened and not-very-quietly shut again.  It was 1am.  He had been sleeping but not very well.  Hopefully, John would just go quietly up the stairs and fall asleep.  There was a 60% chance he would.  John hated declarations of feelings.  He was very British after all, but then again, he had already done it once today and he was drunk so Sherlock couldn’t guess.  He closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep, his back to the bedroom door.
"You heard me, call an ambulance. I'm going to A&E. John, text my brother and tell him not to come. You know if me and an ambulance are within 30 yards of one another he shows up."
John quietly grabbed the supplies from his pocket before he opened them.  He didn’t think he should talk about it or even talk Sherlock through it.  It somehow seemed like it would just add to the embarrassment, Sherlock might even feel humiliated if he gave voice to it.  John knew Sherlock was aware of exactly what John was going to do to treat the fever.  He also knew John had no other choice.  The fever had to come down.  John was careful to keep Sherlock covered, only exposing him briefly and minimally as possible.  He gave Sherlock’s hip a rub with his thumb in warning and Sherlock nodded slightly in acknowledgment.  Despite the fact that John used way too much lube, Sherlock still flinched making John feel like a cad when the suppository was placed.  He whispered, “I’m so sorry.” Before  he cleaned the goopy mess with the towel and covered Sherlock up tight.
“That was quick.  The Game is on.  Answer it.”
“Yeah, we could do that.  In the in-between times we’ll take walks.  Long walks and have lovely chats with a lady I like to call Ella.”
John grabbed the crisp, white sheet and quickly draped it over Sherlock as soon as he’d sat down on the table wearing just his button up shirt.  “Up you go then.” And he directed his patient onto his back.  “Let me put this stirrup into place before you move down the table.”  He made quick work of the other stirrup.  “Actually, just stay where you are a moment.  I can get your ultrasound completed without you being in the stirrups.”
“Does it matter?  As you say, I have no trouble keeping my opinions and observations to myself.  I come off as rude, crude and arrogant so the list of people staying in my company for any length of time is rather a short one.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and continued.  “Drugs deal gone wrong.  Recently divorced banker just started into using four, no six months ago, his usual dealer was unavailable or has overextended his credit.  Used  a dealer he wasn’t familiar with, an unsavory character, a drug addict himself.  The shooter became paranoid and shot the victim during the deal.”
“No sweat, Doc.  Do you need to be let into the room?”
“It’s … difficult.”
“What?  No, of course not.  Not my area.”
“That’s amazing.”  John said.
“I appreciate your … friendship.  I’m fine now, obviously.  I will use the loo and attempt to go back to sleep.  If you shut your bedroom door, you will be saved from the auditory ramblings of my sleeping brain.  Good night, John.”  Sherlock turned on his heel despite every splinter of pain it caused, and walked toward the adjoining bathroom.
“John.”
“What for?”  Sherlock’s gaze became pointedly fixated on the scar to John’s shoulder.
With his hands out in a universal ‘I come in peace’ gesture, John slowly made his way toward Sherlock.  He sat next to him on the sofa.  “I’m sorry you woke up by yourself.”
“Don’t be absurd.  I’ve felt like this since I met you, SIX months ago.”
John was actually grateful that Sherlock didn’t go to A&E for this.  A busy physician might not take the time to do tiny, delicate sutures but John wanted to lessen the scarring as much as possible.  Sherlock was young with a perfect arse.  He wanted the marring of it to be as minimized as possible.  With any luck he will have a faint silvery line in time, but nothing too disfiguring.  John sighed and concentrated heavily on his work as his patient snored quietly.
“Not yet, John.”  Sherlock braced himself up with one arm, hovering directly over John as he used his other hand to gently caress John’s perineum and the sensitive skin of his entrance.  Sherlock was aware of all of the nerve endings located in that area and so chose not to linger too long before pushing a single finger inside, one-knuckle deep.  John’s gasp against Sherlock’s skin was intoxicating.  An electric frission of heat engulfed him in a scintillating wave starting with his toes and caressing its way warmly up through his body, up to his head before finally settling the concentrated heat at his core.  Those noises were delicious.  Absolutely delicious.  He pushed in deeper into John’s body and smiled at the success when he heard that sound once again.  Felt the pressure of the breath escape John and land on Sherlock’s cheek.  He lowered himself closer, needing to feel his lips against his own.
“You feel very tight.” Sherlock pulled up putting his weight onto his elbow as he drove into John hard with John making a satisfying ‘ugh’ sound with every stroke inside. He wondered briefly if he was doing it wrong.  John had a look of deep concentration on his face.  But the noises he made and the pure bliss spreading through his body distracted him from asking John if he was okay.  He pushed in harder and more quickly, he pulled John down onto his cock by his shoulders and then leaned more heavily into John, pounding and pounding, hearing the slap of flesh on flesh, John’s nonstop moans, the clean sweat mingling in with the smell of the lube and condom and lust.  John’s voice, the taste of John on his tongue.  It was all so much.  His orgasm was building, he could feel it.  It was right there, just over that last wall, he chased it harder and harder.  He heard the moaning and John saying Sherlock’s name over and over and he pushed in harder and faster and there it was… ugh, there it was.  Finally, his orgasm took over and he pushed into John one last time and emptied inside that tight, warm heat, then thrust a few more times to empty himself and ride out the last of the waves.  He collapsed on top of John, breathing deeply, breathing in John’s scent.  There was a ringing in his ears, a fog that he couldn’t shake right away.  He breathed some more until he finally calmed and relaxed.
“Mmm.. that’s nice.”  Sherlock spoke into John’s ear.  “You feel so nice.  So warm.  Wish this could never end.”
“Oh, no, I suppose not.  You do though?”
Sherlock smiled at John’s apparent discomfort.  “Go on.”
“I can understand that. I was too, my first time.”  He’s nibbling my neck.  Isn’t that cheating?  “I promise to be as gentle as I can.”
The next few days were a bit quiet.  Sherlock successfully avoided John and then made a point to squash any attempts of conversation about what had happened at the surgery.   Finally John had simply said something vague about best mates being able to talk about ‘sex stuff’ if they need to but if best mates would rather just be British and drink tea and ignore it all, that was fine too.  Apparently, the second option won out.
“No?”
He had to stop thinking about Serbia.  Having his mind firmly planted on that particular aspect of his life would certainly not get him very far in his plan to turn this night, this experience, into what he thinks about when his mind reaches for sexual thoughts, when a case steers him toward sexual relationships, when he thinks about John which invariably leads to attempted self-release which starts off with the pictures of lovely, wonderful, beacon-of-light John he has stored in his Mind Palace, but then turns horrifically into that fucking tormenting room with the Serbian fuck-wits that he wants to shoot in the head, one by one.
Should he have made another choice of physicians?  Did he really feel so indifferent about John seeing him after he’d had sex?  After he’d had rough sex?  After he’d been … abused?  No, not abused.  Children are abused.  Powerless people are abused.  He wasn’t a child and he was far from powerless.  Assaulted.  He’d been assaulted.  John and Mycroft threw other words at him about the event but he could not let his mind go there.  No.  He was still trying to control his PTSD from Serbia.  He just could not let another r… any other thing sidetrack him on reprogramming his mind palace.  This was a small distraction.  That’s all.
“Agreed.”  John washed his hands and donned a new pair of exam gloves.  “Alright, this takes less than five minutes usually.  I know you’ve had one before, but I’m going to tell you what to expect anyway because I’m pretty sure your last doctor was an imbecile in bad need of a proper shag so he wouldn’t have to take his frustrations out on his patients.”
“Yes, just after I void, obviously.”
“We don’t have to …”
“I’m sorry, John.” John staggers and then recovers quickly and keeps walking away from me.  For a moment I think I should just let his anger run it’s course.  He might be less volatile once we made it to our flat.  My own impatience did get the better of me and I pressed on.  “Clearly I did not take this possibility into consideration when I began collecting data.  It’s my fault and I apologize.”
Sherlock moved his thumb around in a circle and then moved his pointer finger around purposefully.
Sherlock smiled.
“Yes.”  John clenched around Sherlock’s cock still inside him, testing.  It was still burning, low and solid.  Nearly throbbed, but not quite.
He playfully smacked Sherlock’s hip.  “I feel like I’m balancing on one foot and juggling at the same time.  Trust me, I will be right with you, you cheeky git.”  He rotated his finger clockwise and then counterclockwise to complete the examination.  Surreptitiously, he grabbed the nearby specimen container and held it with his right hand, making sure to keep the head of Sherlock’s penis inside of the cup, without touching the sides.  Finally, he found the gland with the tip of his left finger once more and began to stroke it gently.  He found the left lateral border and stroked toward the center.  He then found the right lateral border and stroked toward the center once more.  Left border, in.  Right border, in.
“What?”  John gasped.  He didn’t want him to feel like anything other than a patient, not the gorgeous, amazing, lithe, beautiful creature that he was.  Just a patient.  His patient.  He hadn’t wanted him to be uncomfortably appreciative of any stray looks John may have partaken in.  Patients shouldn’t feel physically appreciated when they are forced out of their clothing and into positions perfect for ogling.
“A rat?”  Donovan laughed.  “Oh, you’re a piece a work!”
“I keep thinking I’ll be next out soon,” John admitted.
“Of course.”
John raised his eyebrows at the first indication of blood on the man’s trousers.  “You were stabbed in the arse?”
Not wanting to make the elevators ‘ding’ with their use, they took the stairs.  John cursed his phone for the loud sound it made to inform him of a received text message.
Sherlock’s breathing had become more even and less labored.  “I’m fine, John.”
“Oh.”
“Yes.  Continue.”  Sherlock said and laid his head back onto the pillow.
“Wha …. Why do you say that?”  John huffed.
John pushed his gown back down and rose up on his elbows.  “Yes, yes I did.”
“Go on.”
“Yes, I mean, you said Mycroft got you out.  Got you out of what?  Were you being held somewhere?”
Slowly, he worked himself down my torso, kissing my neck, my clavicle, laving at my nipples.  My hips buck upward as he pushed his body down mine, rubbing against me as he went.  Hands on my waistbands, breath on my lower belly, he stopped and looked up at me.  Gawd!!  Bloody hell he’s gorgeous … and that look!  Anything he wants is his.  Anything.  His lips turn up into an evil-looking grin before he pulled the briefs down just past the head of my cock and pressed his tongue to the sensitive underside.  Oh my god!  I want him so bad.  He knows it.  His smile tells me that.  He maintains a firm grip around my cock, licking my glans like it’s a fucking lollipop.
“No.  It broke very early this morning.  I’m fine.”
Sherlock’s face twitched.  “Tried to.  Test anxiety, I suppose.”  He smiled.
Just as he was about to send a text, he heard the front door open and then John’s gait on the steps.  Heavier steps than usual.  Either he’s carrying something or he’s hurt.  Unable to take the suspense any longer, he pulled the door to their flat open and rushed down the stairs in just his dressing gown.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Modesty is dull.”
They heard no such thing when they rounded the second corner only to run smack dab into the brick wall that was Malcolm, the regular security guard.
“Yeah!  A bit, yeah.”
“Well, then I had a good wank, I suppose.  What do you think happened?”
“John.”
John kissed his mouth to shut him up. He kissed and nipped at Sherlock’s mouth and jaw.  He ran his hands down Sherlock’s chest and then took Sherlock’s cock in his hand, stroking slowly.  Sherlock moaned and tossed his head side to side.  Oh God, that sound.  John’s prick twitched and Sherlock felt that against his thigh.
“Oh-kay,” John drawled.  “Do these steps have something to do with why this happened to you today?”
Swiftly Sherlock rid himself of his shoes, trousers and pants and tossed them on the chair.  Reminded of his scars, he decided to keep his vest on.  They hadn’t turned out to be raised scars, surprisingly enough, but they were there and could be seen as silvery and some redish lines criss-crossing his back.  If John really needed to see more, he could just push it up, he decided.  He looked at the gown disdainfully before he donned the garment and went to the door.  John had said to knock, but he thought that was ridiculous.  It was just John out there in the remote part of the building.  But he would rather John not see him sitting so gingerly and carefully on the exam table so he did decide to knock knowing he then would have time to get himself seated, without witness, before John came in.
Sherlock looked away and shrugged.
“When we first met,” John continued, “I did come on to you.  You let me down in no uncertain terms.  You were ‘married to your work’ and over the several months that I’ve lived here I’ve never seen evidence that you were … well, that you were ever into that sort of thing.”  John looked up at Sherlock who had a distinctly neutral facial expression.  Not getting any insight into whether or not that assumption was correct, John kept on.  “It really did seem you were married to your work.  The cases were more important than eating, hell, going to the bathroom and breathing seemed like a nuisance to you so I stopped myself thinking about it.  About your sexuality at all.  You were just different like that.”
John kept climbing the steps, bags in hand.  “What?  No, I’m not hurt.  Why would I be?”  He placed the bags on the kitchen table.
"All right, all right." John turned to the medic, glanced at the woman's name badge and smiled at her, "Maggie, he gets car sick. Violently car sick. Curls up into fetal position at the mention of any four-wheeled vehicle."
“Oooohhhh … God!”  Sherlock groaned.
“I’d like to conduct my own studies as well, if you don’t mind.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “What’s the point of that?”
“Glad you like it.”  John continued rubbing until Sherlock twitched and his cock thickened just that much more.  Then he pulled off once again leaving Sherlock a writhing, frustrated mess, panting for breath.
Sherlock stiffened his lip and gave a tight nod.
Sherlock bit his lip again and squirmed against John’s body.
Sherlock waited for his friend to speak, be outraged and demand retribution, bargain for this to have not happened to his ‘best mate’ and ask more details about the circumstances leading up to the assault and then finally approach him and talk to him like an infant in distress.  He could see it all playing out in his head like he had seen it so many other times with so many other people.  John did none of that.
John looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
Sherlock didn’t hear Mycroft become vocally protective of him very often.  He thought that the last time was probably when Sherlock was in sixth form and was being harassed by bullies.  He knew peripherally Serbia was still dealing with the crippling blow from his treatment in their custody, but that was nothing Mycroft was verbal about.
Oh, the third finger … Sherlock had to stop moving his hand and just listen to John breathe against him for a few moments.  Oh, the third finger did wicked, wicked things to Sherlock’s cock.  In an exercise of pure selfishness, he sunk lower, not touching, not quite and he sniffed John, taking in his scent as if his brain had de-evolved thousands of years and could process human pheromones.  Primal need engorged him causing that base heat in the middle of his core to ramp up several notches at once.
“I’m not in the mood for games Sherlock and I certainly don’t want to talk about it so just do it and be done with it.”  He huffed not for the first time that night.  “I’m sorry I kissed you but I just … I would rather … nevermind, just get on with it.”
John didn’t make them wait any further for the explanation for his comment.  “Look at him,” he said gesturing toward Sherlock, “look at your brother for fuck sake and deduce,” he said with air quotes, “whether or not he wanted me to know about this.”
“Do you know what the prostate does?”
John nodded.  “All right, Sherlock.  Good night.”  Reluctantly, John removed himself from Sherlock’s presence.
“My fever is up,” Sherlock said by way of explanation before he turned his body more downward, burying his face into the space between John’s body and the pillow and spread his legs.
Sherlock was a bit perplexed by the phrasing John used but was distracted immediately by a call from Lestrade.
“I do not have diarrhea, Dr Watson.  Now I’ll thank you to stay out of my business.”
“Have a wank in the shower?”
“Nope, I’m not buying that.  You told me you were gay.  You didn’t have to say that to me.  You never have before.  I bet you’ve never told anyone that before, but you told me.”
Sherlock pointed downward.  “His University ring is missing very recently and taken off his finger forcefully.  Desperation and not much time to hang around.  Drug addict.”  Sherlock trailed off distracted while Anderson and Donovan were snapping at him.  Something had apparently drawn his attention away from the crime scene and if John waited too long, Sherlock would already be in a cab and gone before John caught up to him at 221B.
“Do you think that because I’m a doctor that I save more lives than you?  That I deserve more than you?”
“Indeed.”
“I guess the way you leap from building to building, jumping over fencing and flying through the streets in the dead of night, this was bound to happen eventually.”  John finished the stitches on Sherlock’s hand, snipped the last thread and applied the antibiotic ointment to the area before he started to put on the dressing.
“Hey, Sherlock, they are not ‘conquests’.  They are fine young women, thank you.”
“Yes, John.”
As soon as the door closed, Sherlock grabbed John’s lapels and hauled him forward, planting a kiss to his forehead.  “That was bloody brilliant.”
“Sherlock?”  He felt the cool gel against very tender skin.  “Sherlock, I’m going to come.  I’m so close.”
Hell, I’ve been suffocating in this façade.  A picture of Sherlock pops into my mind.  The savior of my sanity and the annihilator of same.  If it weren’t for his ambiguous comments and lack of personal boundaries, I wouldn’t be questioning my sexuality in the first fucking place.  Hell, I had no idea why I was there.  I only knew I was NOT leaving without being sorted.
“It was dark,” Sherlock huffed in his own defense.
“When I had the virus, what else did you do for me?”
Sherlock sighed.  “It’s nothing.  Just a flesh wound.”  Sherlock finally had his coat off and he flung himself face-first onto the sofa.
He brought his hand up to his mouth and gave his fingers a healthy dose of saliva.  “You’ll feel a little pressure.”  I think about all the times I’ve told my patients that same line.  Depending on the outcome of this day I know I will either have to come up with a different line or smile inappropriately every time I say that.
John thought about Sherlock's issue during his medical exam and then his hand injury. Treating his injuries hadn't been an issue before John found out about the medical kink Sherlock obviously had, but he hadn't really known Sherlock all that long beforehand. He had to chalk up this new-found safety-mindedness to Sherlock's 'problem'. Sherlock was embarrassed and he didn't want to be caught out like that anymore even though he had explained to Sherlock that it was fine--no big deal. Everyone has their things that make them go, but it was another issue to be caught outright. John supposed he understood and it really was none of his business. It's not like their friendship was based completely on Sherlock's gravitation toward danger. Yes, it was boring but he was happy his friend was staying away from danger and away from being injured.
“Game?  I never …”
He looked highly skeptical. “Of course you do.  Sherlock Holmes, the sodding mind reader.”
"There you are." Lestrade sounded relieved.
“Transport, John.”
“Well, I assume we would still respect each other’s work …”
He stopped stroking.  He stopped fucking.  What?
“John.  I’m sorry.  I should have asked.  My clean bill of health is on my dresser.  I was tested last week and I promise I have not engaged in any risky behaviors in years.”  He rubbed by shoulder.  “I apologize.  It’s no excuse but I was caught up in it.  You must know that I would never put you at risk.  Not for anything.”
“STOP!”  Mycroft sighed heavily, blinked slowly.  “Do NOT ask me this, Sherlock.  Don’t.”  Mycroft finally sat in his chair behind the grand oak desk and straightened out his waistcoat and then his jacket before taking a deliberate breath.  “Sherlock, I have done a great many things with the power that my position affords me.  Some things massively great in the grand scheme, some more mildly so but with consequences that begot larger, more influential results.  Some actions have occurred that are more trivial in nature but always with the best of intensions toward the greater good.  Always that thought in mind, Sherlock.  Always the greater good.”  He took a deep breath before continuing.  “This power that you know I have has started and won wars, saved entire political parties and races of people.  It has taken lives and stabilized whole economies all in the name of the greater good, God and country.  It is not often that I indulge my own selfish tendencies, but if there is one thing I am selfish about it’s that my power, my influence WILL  keep my family, YOU, safe.  If there is anyone who threatens that fact, the amount of devastation released upon that entity will be crippling.  You have no control over that fact.  I insist upon it, I absolutely demand it and it is not up to you.  Is that understood.”  That was not a question.
