It’s selfish really. To think of yourself as alone. You remember what it was like to be truly lonely and you think of Lestrade and Molly and Mrs Hudson and about what a disservice it is to them to consider yourself alone.
For a moment you’re swept up in the feeling of nostalgia that comes with the unexpected giddiness of your outburst.
Sherlock smirks and smacks John’s behind before responding.
You keep pretending when the perp shoves you up against the wall of the warehouse and beats your head against the brick until you see stars and your chin is wet with blood. You pretend you can hear his footsteps slapping on the pavement, a whoosh and a thump as he barrels into the suspect and gets a few good hits in before Lestrade and three officers come bursting through the door.
“It’s important because,” he takes a deep breath, “because I think I’d like to kiss you Sherlock and I need to know that, if I do, that’s something that you’d like. From me. With me….Because this other person you were talking about was, uh,
Eventually people start making their excuses to leave, Mrs Hudson fusses with the dishes a bit before, finally, it’s just the two of you left. The silence stretches a little as he sits across from you in his chair and sips his scotch slowly. The embers from the dying fire seem to dance in his eyes and seeing him sitting there, with his recently cut hair and wearing a cable knit jumper, you allow yourself to be content with the teasing echoes of nostalgia for just a moment.
“Yeah, yeah, alright. I’ve heard it all before. Can we just not?”
has gone. And I hardly think recounting embarrassing tales and sexual conquests is grounds for the term ‘game’.”
“Marry me?”
Sherlock nervously speaks through the thick feeling in his throat; “John, you’ve already said that. Perhaps it’s best if that is the last glass”.
He laughs and gives Sherlock’s arse a squeeze before withdrawing his hand back to rest on his sacrum. He means to offer a retort but the gentle clutches of sleep finally pull him under and he drifts off with the feeling of lips on his brow and a lightness in his chest.
And you do want him.
“John? Did I wake you?” his voice is quiet and concerned.
“Nothing. Just; The Woman-“
John chuckles and then they are kissing again. Slow and sweet and heated all at once. Emboldened my John’s enthusiasm Sherlock moves to rest his palm on John’s thigh which is apparently the right thing to do because John drags his hands up the nape of Sherlock’s neck in response and proceeds to thread his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. John tugs slightly and the sensation on Sherlock’s sensitive scalp makes the detective pull back with a gasp. John uses this as an opportunity to start kissing his way down Sherlock’s neck; laying soft pecks and wet sucks along the underside of Sherlock’s jaw. The feeling of John’s teeth gently pressing on Sherlock’s sternocleidomastoid muscle draws a startled moan from Sherlock and he tightens his grip on John’s thigh. He feels John chuckle against his moist skin as he starts kissing his way back up Sherlock’s neck.
John’s lips quirk up and he takes a moment to swipe at his eyes before nodding once, quickly, as though he has made up his mind about something. He sighs and relaxes down into his chair again and Sherlock drops his gaze to his own knees.
Sherlock’s laugh rumbles against John’s chest; “hmmm, no. But a blowjob might.”
One time you forget to eat nothing but a fig roll and a tepid cup of tea for four days and you pass out at the bottom of the stairs.
Sherlock gives an overly dramatic sigh.
Sherlock rolls his eyes but quickly realises John isn’t going to let this one slide and any further evasion is only going to mean an awkward end to the night. Sherlock takes a deep breath and braces for the ensuing conversation, John needn’t think he’s going to make it easy though.
John settles beside him, arm draped across Sherlock’s middle and hand stroking lazily up his side. He is very tempted to turn his arm inward and entice Sherlock into round two but the idea of an extended lie-in is a welcome one so he shelves his more amorous thoughts for later and begins to happily surrender to the tug of sleep.
, you make me crazy. How can I have something so beautiful? You're
He does. Sherlock looks at him, reacts when John calls his name, and there is this pure seriousness in John's gaze that is like steel, but only if steel can be liquid and warm. Warm, hot, liquid steel, and he means it. And he wants it. And that is just too much for Sherlock. So he has to kiss him right now.
Finally, Sherlock stood still again and tried very obviously to look as though he had not just mildly panicked for a second or two because he feared John would judge him for his habits. It was rather endearing, to be honest, and he let out a chuckle under a huff. "No, it's- it's fine. I was only wondering … Can you even drink tea?"
"About Mrs Hudson..."
In one quick motion, Sherlock spins around, back against the cold tiles and takes himself in hand again. For all he knows it is John's mouth on him now, swallowing him down until Sherlock can't remember how to breathe. Unable to stop himself he lets his hand fly over the hot skin of his cock that is wet from water and slick from shampoo and soap. His strokes become faster and rough, not caring for anything other than feeling the sensation of it rushing all over him. He squeezes lightly whenever his fingers reach the shaft, only just discovering how much he likes applying more pressure, and it brings him closer to the edge. He can only hear someone whimpering that doesn't sound like him at all, and his knees start trembling rather dangerously as the growing need for release makes him see sparks behind his eyelids and his moans sound more like desperate whining than noises of pleasure.
"Then we have Bill Wiggins," who responded with a rather friendly, "Hullo!"
"And I always keep my promises," he mumbled as if she could still hear him.
"Shit."
"Keep your eyes fixed on me."
Slowly, he opened the door and found himself back in the hallway again. It felt as though it had gotten darker, and through the hallway window he saw that thick clouds had shoved themselves in front of the sun. There was no one to be seen, but he was sneaking over the floorboards like he was expecting them to creak any second.
"Were you surprised to see me back here? You looked surprised. A helpless little pet you are. Caught up in the game of something it could never understand."
, wouldn't he? But Sherlock being alive was still a secret. Which brought him into a situation in which the only available option was to lie. "He's, er, I fear that he's not. He's dead."
And now John smiled, weakly.
"Don't-"
“Watson!”
The man nodded and asked him to wait as he disappeared behind a corner.
"Complete."
"It is just so difficult to imagine him gone. Not simply with the rent, it was not much that he was paying, frankly. Not that I would have wanted more. Hardly the best of tenants, he was. The way he treated the kitchen –
. But from what he knew already, it could be that she would not even notice a difference.
"No pressure." He began coughing and twitching. "We could try to- to find my body, my
John goes ahead and bites him. Just below his jawline, as he has very recently learned he likes a lot.
"And so," he continued with a passion in his words that he had rarely heard from anyone before, "that quickly raised one essential question: Is it possible to transfer this energy to a place that hasn't functioned so before? To an object, a lifeless thing, like you would lead electricity through conductivity?"
He thinks about how long they’ve waited, all this time, and about all the obstacles, the impossibilities of them ever happening, and ever happening in this way. But they are here. Healing each other. John kisses his neck because he loves him, because he is the only thing he thinks about, dreams about, and he tries to express everything that words never could by pressing his lips to soft skin.
John even felt disgusted by his own name being spoken like this. A feeling of shame kept his mouth shut, but he found that even if he had wanted to open it, to protest, to scream, it was impossible.
him was just as impressive, sure. But it did make him question which of these superhuman qualities had always been a part of Sherlock and which were only a mixture of high technology and internally controlled manipulation. And, should the latter be the case, would Sherlock even know or remember?
"They are taking the ground now," John more stated than asked.
"Oh, isn't it?" She snapped, her voice almost a shriek. "If I recall correctly, it was Tessa who made Mary lose her balance, was it not?" Now looking at Tessa with vengeance.
“I’m gonna come on your pretty fucking face if you keep going like this.”
Yes, where has he heard that before? Probably from the same woman who tried to tell him what it actually is he feels for Sherlock Holmes, has opened his eyes about how deeply his affection for him was rooted, how intense those repressed feelings really were. And, still to this very day,
"And if we know their pattern," John started, "all we have to do now is-"
"Are you threatening me?" John was tilting his head with narrowed eyes.
"I believe Greg already showed you the door," Molly said, smiling, and Lestrade gladly held it open for him again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes with a sigh and closed them.
"I wasn't worried. Not about you turning on me. I was just worried about... you."
"No idea," John said, mouth full of omelette and not caring in the slightest because he was too bloody hungry. He had at least the decency to swallow down before speaking again. "As far as I understood it, it depends on how pressing a matter there is. I cannot imagine Moriarty would pay me more by choice if he didn't need me that night." Evil mastermind or not, even he had to be stingy when it came to money, just like any businessman ought to.
He hears himself letting out an embarrassing little sound from the back of his throat when John places a kiss on his backbone. Another kiss, lower. His thumbs are now actively sliding in and out between his cheeks, pulling them apart again and again. Sherlock gasps when he feels the tip of a tongue licking along the crack of his arse, licking and licking, closer to his entrance. When John's wet tongue reaches the spot where all his nerves come together, pleasure rushes through him like lightning. He throws his head back and lets out a moan the thin walls couldn't sustain. In the end, he surrenders and lets his head fall onto the mattress, pressing his cheek into his pillow because suddenly his limbs are weak, so weak.
For the song Irene sang I kind of imagined this version by Celine Dion:
They had reached the other side of the room. There was a little staircase that brought them to the second floor, which was just like a balcony along the whole side of the wall.
John licked his dry lips and tried to get his heartbeat under control. He tipped his chin up to make his position clear. The man had said it himself – his bravery made him stand out, and now he had to appear uninhibited by someone who could read his mind at first, and his whole persona at second glance. "You know about that then? The injury?"
John, on the other hand, was still highly confused. "No?"
Love has killed him.
He turned to leave the cab and open the door. John held him by the sleeve. "Sherlock, wait! I still don't think I understand everything you just told me."
John cups his face with gentle hands, telling him, "I love you," and finally,
Fingers wrapped around palms, and they shook hands once and stilled. The air in the room was gone, it seemed, as if those two joined hands were sucking the oxygen into an invisible black hole. He had held his whole arm in his hands, without the man himself attached to it but somehow this was different. Sherlock was looking John in the eye with open interest written all over his features.
"Isn't it always?" John asked, frankly unimpressed.
worked on this before," John said, taking one of the sketches between careful fingers. He knew he was privileged to see this. He knew these works had to be close to Sherlock's heart (again, wherever that may be).
"Mary. Well, now that we go by Christian names, please let me tell you how bored you look. Here." She was moving her hand around, meaning
“What was that?” Donovan wonders.
"This should do," he claimed, holding the tube between his long middle finger and thumb, and he closed one eye to observe it closely.
Sherlock's head turned sharply. Could he deduce what this meant for John? All of it?
The teaspoon hit the ground of the cup like a bell in a tower.
And even though he says it, Sherlock still gives a jerk when a cold and wet sensation reaches his entrance. He gives another, but for entirely different reasons.
While John kept on talking, Sherlock's eyes have found him again, and this time he just watches. He lets himself be amazed, he allows himself to just feel. It's a strong, steady feeling and for the first time after all, all this time that he has subconsciously felt it now, it doesn't scare him. It's progress, he thinks, slow, exhaustingly little progress, but it's alright. It's all fine. He's still unhappy. But when has he ever been entirely not unhappy?
all the time. He assumed it was the latter and that brought a smile to his face.
Sherlock smiled. "I haven't gone anywhere without you."
"Oh, John, come on!" She linked her left arm with his right and began to walk away with him. Right in the middle of her abduction she seemed to remember how to be polite. Turning around, she gave Sherlock a broad and lovely smile. "I'm borrowing him for a few minutes, alright?" John himself did not appear to have any say in this. She led him farther into the corner of the room where the music was not so loud and the light didn't spy on them as much.
John lets out a seemingly endless, shuddering breath he's giving voice to, his legs begin to shake and Sherlock's strokes with his hand speed up to match with the bobbing of his head. He presses his tongue against his slid, and the sound John makes is one close to an outcry of sheer pleasure.
"In my defence," he was helplessly saying back to the room. "You were all thinking it, were you not? This is what, the third time this happens and it never … I mean. I'm not saying … But how can you still," He was looking at Lestrade directly now, "
The light coming from the other side was almost painful to the eyes. The brightest source of light was a chandelier in the middle of the room, but there were more lamps on the walls. John had to admit the large size of the room was unexpected, yet probably appropriate for how much fuss they had gone to to come here. The walls were barely visible behind huge bookshelves that almost touched the ceiling. In the middle of it all there was a big table that had some sort of map engraved and painted onto it, and a bunch of people were standing around it, now staring at them.
“And all this time,” John continues, “So much time…”
Every time he tries to remember anything at all that could have happened during the time span between the night in the alley and his waking with John's soft lips on his own, the torn pieces in his mind slip out of his grip, and it feels like he would be trying to hold together melting ice cubes with his sheer hands, but solid coldness only melts and melts and the water runs, runs, and leaves behind wet hands, but nothing more to hold onto.
, you could be so kind and pay her a visit. Since I already know what brings you here – Mary tattled, that
A loud shot was piercing his ears. He turned around, looking behind him in concern.
Inside the locker, John holds as still as he can. If they found them here, he would never be able to look either of them in the eye ever again. Or worse even, it could be the end of Sherlock’s career. He feels the moist breath against his flesh. Never has he fought this hard to keep himself from letting his mind be consumed by pleasure. But when all of a sudden the slick heat returns around his cock, the little whimper bursts out of him before he can stop it.
"Would you keep it in your coat pocket for the rest of the day until you need it? I have little desire to be a witness to all the tedious conversations with all these
The first creature fell with a shot, then the second and the third. But the more they killed, the more came out of the smoke clouds, and they were fast. They fired back but the knight's shields held the bullets. One had made its way to them and John drew his sword before the claws could meet his ribs. The vampyre's head landed in the dirt. The blood landed on John. Sherlock fired some headshots but they were rushing forward one after the other, climbing over the corpses of their own kind to get to them.
John keeps on thinking this for several hours over the day for a whole week now. He would be in the kitchen, just waiting for the water to boil and then almost let the mug fall out of his hands as the image flashes by, and all the feelings that come with it. He would ponder in front of one of the shelves at Tesco and search for his favourite brand of jam, and it would struck him. He would be on his laptop, deleting some nasty but badly articulated comment about his sexuality, and
detective, see, he would have corrected me on that already! I presume you have never heard of that. No wonder, he invented the term himself. Yes, he might seem a little arrogant, a bit cold at times, but I assure you, behind the hard shell there lies a good heart. He even ensured that my tit of a husband would lose his head, in the literal sense. Oh, excuse me for the graphic details. But you are a doctor, surely you have seen worse…"
But Sherlock isn’t finished. “If anything, you are the posh one, John.”
"You know how I mean it."
John swallowed. He had to bite the insides of his mouth to keep his distress at bay. It was increasingly alarming to face this person who somehow knew what no one else was allowed to ever know. It was alarming and distressing and thrilling and,
They both swallow down a lump, not needing the reminder of wounds still so fresh.
"Wait." He collected himself for a second, eyes closed. "Have you met Magnussen?"
"Find your place, Dr Watson," Mycroft warned him sharply. "You swore an oath to Queen and Country once. I can see that my brother has the tendency to let one forget about one's duty, but I would strongly advise you to put a little more effort into remembering yours. Good day."
"Now our... fates have... reversed," he choked out.
Sherlock pinched his nose, visibly pained by this whole situation. "Shut up, Wiggins."
With Sherlock this is either going to be of highest importance or an absurdly unnecessary request.
John was the last one to go, giving the General a
"No, I didn’t."
John’s heart skips several beats as he hears quick steps coming closer. This is not good, not good at all, with them still standing and kneeling in an open locker in Greg’s office.
“You fucking idiot!”
"Pleasure," he said, and tried to make the smile match hers.
Everything happened in slow motion. They pulled each other up by their joined hands as their feet left the ground. Both managed to throw their arms up in front of their faces and twist their bodies against the shards. The noise painted all of John's thoughts white and for a moment that was what hurt the most. The sound of shattering glass around them as they broke through the large window. Then they opened their arms again and flew.
Sherlock huffs a laugh. “No. Weirdly I don’t.”
"John Watson." She spat out those words like they had been trapped within her red framed mouth long enough to turn into an insult. Like she had waited long enough to decide how to make it sound the most disgusting.
John doesn't let him finish any of his thoughts. He leans down ever so slowly, until his right elbow is propped next to Sherlock's dark curls, which make an untamed mess on the pillow. His other hand, Sherlock notices as his gaze involuntarily drops between John's legs when he gets even closer, secures the towel around his waist, but it slides down a little more. He takes in a shuddering breath and his eyes widen as John's fall close.
"You wouldn't know if I told the truth now, would you?"
"What are you doing with this?" A bemused voice above him makes his eyes snap open.
John puts his tongue where his fingers have just been, and all fears are forgotten for the moment as quivering lust returns and cannot be let out of his body by the deep groan that escapes Sherlock's throat. He should know. He has tried often enough. The lust won't leave him. (Maybe John won't leave him either.)
"As you might have noticed, this is not an organic eye, of course. You have studied it at some point, I believe? It's a mockup, but it allows me to see even when it's not inside of my body."
So she helped him out. "Well, yes and no, Sherl. His knowledge of me lacks much more than his pronunciation of my name lacks syllables." She gave him a smile that was sweet as sugar and said, "My real name is Janine, not Jane."
Lestrade was obviously having a hard time not to show his inner conflict. He took a deep breath through his nostrils. "
Finally updated!
“You. Actually.”
John talks in between kisses around his quivering hole, “Shh, let go, Sherlock, I’ve got you. Touch yourself now, I’ve got you.”
"Really?" John asked dryly. "That is odd. I have heard absolutely nothing about you. In fact, I don't even know your name."
What an irony it was then, that this secret war they were fighting behind the walls of London seemed to be quite profitable for the men and women the Order sacrificed knight after knight for. After all, the economy always benefited from a long, good war. And while a small number went into battle, most people, oblivious to this, were more interested in the technological improvements that it caused. Especially since they were living in a time that had already been forwardly given the title
John was holding him close, placing two fingers on the pulse point of his neck, but there was nothing. No movement. Tears were streaming down his face and raining down on Sherlock’s; a sorrow they now shared through salt water but only one of them felt. He was wearing his tags, he realised. His dogtags.
"You know, the thing with a magic trick is," she continued, "they never quite play out as one expects. Magic is a cruel force."
"But women- oh, women! Dangerous, those women when they go a bit freelance. And we wouldn't want that for little Elizabeth, now would we? We wouldn't want her to become a...
"It's..." It felt so long ago that he had dared to say his name. "It's from Major Sholto."
"Who?"
"John, John,
"You did so well today, dear! I'm so glad you are a part of this now. Employing a doctor was long overdue, you would not believe how often bad luck lurks behind corners around here!"
John cannot have chosen him. Not after everything Sherlock did to him. Not ever.
"Of course. You can be..." John's eyes dropped to the full pair of lips in front of him and up again to eyes as blue as the sky after a storm. "...quite clever."
When John turned around to look over his shoulder, the undergoing sun touched his face. The detective was just behind him. The orange light was setting a glowing frame around his silhouette. This was it. The earth had spun because time did not stop for anything, and now the sun was merely an eclipse, cut off by the horizon, dipping the clouds in many colours, reaching from soft cinnabar red over lilac and purple to midnight blue. Sherlock gave him a quick nod like he was the one in charge. He was not, not this time. They were all waiting. Waiting for Midnight's signal.
There was a loud noise from the window they had just jumped through, and their heads snapped up. The window frame was beginning to fall out of its facade, and with a loud
He still cannot wrap his mind around it. It's frustrating. It's unacceptable. Manipulated. Sentiment got the better of him.
“Your ex,” he said. He didn’t add anything to it.
. And while his eyes lingered on places below Sherlock's face, he did not notice that he was seizing him up as well. John himself wore what Sherlock had gotten him: A simple black and white combination of black jacket and trousers, black double buttoned waistcoat, a white shirt and a bow tie. He had been surprised by how nicely the pieces fitted him. But then again, he should not be surprised that Sherlock was able to read his measurements just by looking at him.
"Dammit!"
Yes. "What?"
John closed his eyes and took a deep breath, adjusting his hat. He took another breath. Then he pushed past Sherlock to get out and walk.
invisible, could he? They all exchanged apathetic looking smiles, and after all forced courtesies had been done with, Kitty did not hesitate to voice another complaint.
Sherlock opened the door. The same back alley as last time. The fog made the prospect of daylight seem almost worthless. But before John could walk out of the door, Sherlock stopped and blocked the exit.
John took a deep breath.
"Sally?" John asked, shocked to see her here. Shocked, in fact, to see her again at all.
"And with this, I will have to enlighten you again, Dr Watson, and ask you this: is the man not in the mind rather than in the transport that forms around him? Willing to enlighten you again and tell you that what holds it all together, and what brings all that to life in this new shell of mine, is a soul. This is what he couldn't take from me. And maybe the soul is bound to be where it belongs."
"Alright, everyone!" Sally Donovan stepped forward, leaving the side of the inspector with whom she had stood by the door for the entire length of this chaotic reunion. "Jesus has risen from the grave, we are all very happy, can we move on now, and put our minds back to the major problems?"
He was following his gaze over to a man with slicked back hair, a golden mask and a cane.
that the world had never spun so slowly when he let the brain of Sherlock Holmes sink down, knowing the fate of his own heart was holding onto this like a weak man on a thin rope.
His mind wandered for a second, or two, or fifty. This man was different from the one he had believed to have seen in Inspector Lestrade's office. Then and there, Sherlock had seemed to him so cold. But he wasn't. Which was an ironic thing to call a machine, wasn't it? When their ways had crossed for the first time, he had anticipated him to be a threat, had been quite suspicious, and rightly so, of everything he had claimed to be the truth. But now? Now he could very likely be the most human being he had ever had the pleasure to encounter.
"What?"
but also from Guy Ritchie's
"Sherlock? Look at me."
"But Jane you like, eh? You were staring a little. Jane Hawkins. She is rather good, even though I cannot quite place what makes her so." A heavy sigh left her parted lips. "Oh, but I believe some of us are simply gifted."
Sherlock let out a long-suffering sigh. "Tomorrow you will go to work, to your clinic in the morning and to The Prof in the afternoon. Both are relatively close to Baker Street, closer than to what I assume the location of your cheap flat to be. So you will stay here overnight. My bedroom is free, I don't require sleep anymore. You can eat breakfast at the little coffee house next door. I wouldn't even mind joining you, though I also don't eat, but we could go over the schedule for tomorrow."
"She-Sherlo-"
She had her arm stretched out for him to examine on top of the tablecloth. He touched it with care, mindful not to hurt her. It looked quite nasty, and he didn't understand why she was not wearing anything to at least protect the injury from getting infected. It was certainly a burn wound that had peeled the skin off her arm. The fire must have bitten down to the flesh. How was she not in greater pain?
"Bye, Alex."
..." Charles Augustus Magnussen once again managed to make him want to punch his lights out. "I see. It seems you have won this round, Dr Watson."
, John thought to fight his embarrassment.
John had the advantage of fitness and instinct. Mr Stripes had the advantage of knowing these rooms inside out. Turning around the next corner, John scanned the room. It was empty. Only him and the people in the paintings that looked back at him with critical eyes. If the man was hiding in this room, John would find him eventually. No, if he really wanted to get away where would he have gone?
John took one hesitant step before the other and they echoed from the walls. The other man, hands behind his back, turned. John's breath caught in his throat. He'd never thought he would see him again. Never get to appreciate his face again, or the tragic near death experience that struck it in the form of a scar through which beautiful eyes shone and hit John's own.
John cannot be sure as to what would happen next, but he would go where Sherlock leads him. Which is, for now, to a cafe to have breakfast with him.
Sherlock's embarrassment increases and he can feel himself getting warmer at the knowledge of not knowing, and the knowledge of John knowing that he doesn't know. But as their eyes meet once again, John is still smiling as warmly and openly. This time, Sherlock's heart misses a few beats. His mask has fallen with the first star's death.
He knew he couldn't. Sherlock had not explicitly told him not to utter a word to Mrs Hudson. He clearly cared about her, or he would not have asked if she was alright. Which meant not knowing might keep her out of the danger. Nevertheless, he was more than glad to see her. She had her back turned towards him, apparently in a conversation with someone. John tapped her on the shoulder. "Mrs Huds-"
His major had admired him for it.
And then, at the wedding, watching John holding her while he would play the song he wrote for them, officially, but in reality for John only, because he still feels like he doesn't even know Mary. But he wanted to, once. Until he realised that he can't compose a song about two other people being in love. He can only write songs about his own melancholy and call it a logical articulation of notes.
"I-I'm sorry, Kitty, but Mary's part is something we have never rehearsed before. You don't always have to be so impatient with us."
) the sweetly longed-for hot wet mouth of a passionate lover (which is precisely what Sherlock Holmes has turned out to be once he has grown in confidence), and John can barely even hold back.
He started to search for something in his medical bag and smiled rather to himself than to her. "Is this supposed to be a threat, Ms Adler?"
him from behind, they are
Mycroft raised his brow and put the pipe down on the table. "Always this predilection for the dramatic. Have you tried smoking this?"
Lestrade started to explain while they walked. "Last night one guard of the museum has never come home, at least according to his wife. Hence, we suspect that this corpse is, or used to be, Alexander Woodbridge. However, the identification is a little difficult."
"I'm counting on your Almost Impossibles then." Sherlock put a hand to John's shoulder again. He felt a strangely warm sensation through his clothes, a glowing that led to his very core. “We will meet again in two days in the morning, same place, and fill in the details. I need some time to think. Thank you all for your attendance, that would be it.”
"Thank you."
. Were they that close?
“John,” James whispered into the darkness. The nights were freezing in Afghanistan, but James’s breath was hot on his neck.
. John's jaw dropped in shock as he stared at the detatched ear in his palm. Then he closed his eyes and let out a more or less relieved sigh as he remembered that Sherlock had a tendency to remove body parts at a whim.
He snaps back into the here and now when Sherlock takes his injured hand in his own. With big eyes he looks up and suddenly Sherlock's face is very close and his heart is pounding hard and swelling up to his throat, it seems.
The twinge of hot guilt sends another wave through his stomach and across his face. Of course, Sherlock cannot cease to notice.
Still, when he's finished he cannot help but look at his own knuckles in silent guilt. There is the distinct layer of crust, the definite evidence of what exactly he has done. A perfect fit for each of Sherlock's wounds.
Sherlock gives the smallest nod.
The screams were getting louder, they got closer, and they were fast. It was so dark that he needed to trust his instincts, he needed to filter. Ignore the loud gunfire, the tormented cries of death. He tightened the grip around his rifle, not allowing himself for one second to be too careless. The water had made the material wet and slippery in his hands, endless streams were rinsing down from the crown of his head, making him want to shiver, to blink it away a thousand times.
His own heart was now in a dangerous place.
"Then that makes you the instrument."
"I thought you said no distra-"
The ringing in his ears slowly fades as soon as he hears John whispering his name, but only moments later he realises that he is actually being addressed.
"So this is my life now. This is what I do. It must sound quite tedious, but to be fair, it isn't really. Since I've met you."
John heard all those questions and every new one stung like the tip of a blade, aiming for the same spot every time and slowly digging deeper. It was as though he was not even in the room, and it was up to those strangers to judge his good name all by themselves, his life in their hands. He needed to raise his own voice before he would start to only hear their voices and not even see them anymore.
John smiled a smile he could not suppress. "Your way is my way."
"This." He made a gesture between them, unable not to grin. "Now. Getting to know each other after ... well, everything. You're a bit mad."
He has never seen anything more beautiful.
"No, but you would know if I decided to break one of your bones. Move."
He watches his best friend sink to his knees in front of him, actually
John was staring at him. "No. I know you."
John stood before the man had finished but when it came to walking, he was slower. One deep breath, in and out. He was ready. Sherlock was right behind him, but the guard stopped the detective
Irene took a deep breath. "And he succeeded."
"When I say jump, jump!" Sherlock whispered into his ear as if he was afraid to be overheard. John winced at how close his voice was, but there was no time to wonder.
"The hooks are literally just there, man," she pointed out, cocking her head to the side where other jackets were hanging on the wall to John's left, her curls bouncing. "No need to be so difficult about it."
"Hey! I've already said I have only just met him yesterday! I probably know far less than all of you combined!"
From one's capturing hands into the next pair, John thought bitterly. He seemed to have a gift for these sort of things. Looking back down the hole, a part of him hoped to see Irene climbing out of it. But there was no sign of her.
"Please, John, forgive me. For all the hurt that I caused you."
, in this very environment.
"We’ve met! The day I came back to London. You talked to me at the platform."
Alternative realities.
"Still no further findings, sir."
"Ah, Sebastian!" he called out in a high and delighted tone.
"Finding your heart?" John finished. He could feel the heart then. Not in its absence, nor in its presence, but rather in its sole existence out there,
And so he does brush his teeth, quietly and a little bit calmer, as if some bit of minty paste on top of a wetted toothbrush would be a sort of solution to at least one of his problems. Well, it actually could be, should John decide that he wants to kiss him again … The warm, fluffy sensation in his chest starts to return, and he can feel how a soft shade of pink lays itself on top of his cheekbones. Oh no.
so much.
"I made the mistake of underestimating you. Again. Perhaps you really are... extraordinary."
John is waiting in this charged air of silence, maybe having realised what he just said, maybe not. Sherlock tips his chin up and obeys.
“Well, that makes you attracted to idiocy then, doesn’t it?” Sherlock mumbles into his jumper.
Mrs Hudson supported her orders with flying hands and distinct gestures as she walked in front of the stage, and then motioned to John and Mary that they should take one of the free seats. The women each walked in a different direction behind the stage, apparently positioning themselves to get ready to begin their performance. Only after John had sat down, he noticed the newspaper on the table. But when the lights on the stage went out and the curtains he had not seen closing parted again, he was too intrigued by the events in front of him to see anything else.
“Yes,
He was wearing a dressing gown in a creamy shade of brown, which looked expensive. Only now John noticed that he had changed his wardrobe completely since he had last seen him. His clothes were not dirty or ripped anymore, and not in a state that would ever be associated with someone who had spent the last few weeks locked up in someone else's basement. The dark trousers and the white dress shirt he was wearing clung to his skin and could not be anything but tailored.
It's so much. It's
"Did they … die from it?" John asked baffled. He knew that maggots appeared as soon as a corpse lay for longer and that it was only a matter of time until the insects ate them and took them apart. That they would die from it defied this logic completely. "What kind of blood did you use?"
But being the one to be observed by an honest, openly interested Sherlock, who seems to really want to know something about stars ... John obviously doesn't want to let him down on that. This man can be like a real child sometimes, it's rather lovely. He shouldn't get lost in his own thoughts now, though. Sherlock can be lovely and innocent, but he is still like impatience himself.
at crime scenes. Stealing for him. Getting upset, sulky because of him. And when he started considering, hesitantly and secretly considering what it would be like to give up his barrier of control and the pretence of having no heart at all (something his brother had almost managed to make him believe he had to do - cutting his own heart out, metaphorically), he was terrified at first. But when John Watson took his face in his rough but gentle hands and kissed him for the first time, his frightened mind got the chance to slow down and
Into battle.
His gaze shot at Irene Adler and his grin was meant to show teeth rather than express gratitude. Irene's own aggravating smile was fairly honest compared to whatever he was doing. But it made John understand, at last. She was the result.
He cannot remember ever having been so far out of his own comfort zone. Not that he wouldn't be comfortable right now, he is more than oblivious to all but one craving that his brain is aiming all its focus at. But he has never known that he could. That he would actually be able to distance himself so much from his pokerfaced, controlled, calculating persona that he has spent years and years to create around his frightened form.
John huffed a laugh. "You are magical?"
He took a sharp breath. "I am Dr Watson."
A rumble.
A woman's voice from behind the counter startled him for a second, and he looked up into brown eyes. She did not exactly look like she was working here, her curly hair untamed and jumping whenever she moved her head, her clothes black and white.
Mycroft had to look away. "I have to admit that was perhaps a bit of a miscalculation. But no one could have known what he would do with the monsters."
"You admire her a lot, don't you?" Sherlock frowned at him.
Sherlock shrugged. "I figured it out some time ago. Good to know there was finally some use to it."
"Why are you offering your help now?" he asked back, just as quietly. Never taking his eyes off him, afraid he might disappear.
The whole crowd spun around. All eyes on them.
“Hmmh.”
Sherlock put his mouth close to his ear. "Look over there."
But I swear, I HAD to skip that shower scene for now, that made me struggle for ages, omg. I know this is the next thing I'll have to write, though. Send help.
He sighed, then handed over the handcuffs. He gave her a quick kiss and a warning finger, pointing at her. "Don't you die, Molly Hooper."
"If there is anyone else who would like to tell me they are spying on us on behalf of those we are fighting against, here is your chance!"
Sherlock tries to press his lips together, but inhales and exhales come so fast and his heart is pounding so hard that he has to breathe through his mouth. And
“Nightmare again,” Sherlock explained into the silence. A silence filled with occasional sobs John failed to shove down. But it was fine now. He remembered. It was all fine now.
Armed with nothing more than the sharp senses of a former knight, John walked down the stairs into the darkness.
Sherlock! Your mouth…”
“When is anything ever simple?”
He still manages to lift his arse up enough, and John chuckles as he gets the hint. The vibrations of his low chuckle make him whimper, the sound itself being the most arousing thing he has ever heard.
relaxing. He wants to drown in it and die.
The detective shook his head. "It doesn't matter. You ... Let me try to explain it like this. All of us are never that far from each other. The wheel keeps on turning. Nothing is ever new. We use and we are being used, but we cannot be more or less than nature gives to us. Is that understandable?"
"Jane Hawkins!"
"What do
"Oh!" John throws his head back and suddenly his hands are in Sherlock's hair, not pulling or pushing, just holding him there. It's incredibly hot for some reason, and he wants to encourage him to tug a little, just when he feels his gag reflex having one or two words to say about trying to take even more of him. He pulls it out carefully and the head slips out with a soft
“Yes well, Irene Adler. Just the once. After I saved her from a beheading. I believe it was a kiss of gratitude, possibly a reaction to adrenaline and the threat of her own mortality. She’s gay of course, but she has spent so much of her life manipulating people of all genders with sex and desire that I think it was a natural response. Or perhaps she just saw it as a fitting end to the game. There was, I suppose, an attraction between us, but for me it was never anything more than the attraction of a worthy opponent. She played the game well, she did it in such a way that fascinated me. But I didn’t want her. Not in the way you assumed. She is an attractive woman. But as I’ve mentioned before, women aren’t really my area.”
The thick silence is abruptly interrupted by John’s message tone going off and the noise startles a jump out of Sherlock who manages to smack his chin into John’s forehead.
“Yes John; men. Only men. Whilst I can appreciate the appeal of womankind, the appreciation is entirely aesthetic, in the way one might admire a piece of art. There is no doubt that the Venus de Milo is beautiful, but I don’t want it in my living room.”
he thinks fondly as he moves to Sherlock’s side and gives his shoulder a squeeze.
And John can’t stop the laughter that bursts from him; he buries his nose in Sherlock’s neck and shakes with it. And Sherlock laughs right along with him, body trembling beneath him, doing nothing to impede the state of the half-hard cock in question.
Sherlock nods;
That after everything you put him through he still wants to give you the time of day. That after making him watch you jump from a building, manipulating him time and time again
“Oh Christ John, not that again-“
And blink.
You’re going to vomit.
“How many times do I have to-“
The question causes a proverbial record scratch in Sherlock’s thought processes and he begins to think that perhaps he has been reading this wrong again, that they were not on the same page after all. Sherlock frowns, pulling back from John and disentangling their hands.
“For what?”
When the giggling eventually peters off Sherlock realises their hands are still clasped and their faces are close enough for him to feel John’s breath on his cheek and it makes his stomach do a sudden, not entirely unpleasant, somersault.
“Right where were we?” John asks, pouring himself another scotch “oh yeah, your turn to answer.”
“Because you’ve been my best mate for seven years, give or take a couple of missing ones, and we’ve never once talked about this. Because I’m curious and drunk enough to keep asking you things I’ve never had the balls to ask you before. Perhaps,” John shrugs, “you’re drunk enough to answer?”
Thanks for reading and commenting and (hopefully) enjoying this story with me up to here. It means a lot!
This whole time Molly had just stood there helplessly, her head torn in different directions. She started to open her mouth and closed it again several times. Until she didn’t. "Alright, stop it now, stop it! Everybody! Fighting each other will only benefit him. So cut it out!"
John was fascinated with his hand in his own. He wondered about the warmth of those fingers.
Sherlock had stopped pacing, reduced to a hanging mouth and moved to speechlessness.
"There were others, acquaintances of us both, who also became suspicious. So we built a, well, he calls it a team, but let's say a group of people skilled enough to help solve the crimes that lack logical explanations."
"James loves these. The mysterious, the disguises. He finds it...
"I don't know, maybe when you were living in a basement
And John couldn't believe he was thinking this but Moriarty was right!
John ran towards the coffee table on which the fire was comfortably burning away, for the first time taking notice of all the chaos in the flat. Papers over papers across the whole carpet. He took a few and rolled them together. With those he hit the little flames again and again until they give up and died out. The title page of the paper was now crested with a large, cole-black circle, halfway dissolved into ash.
, for God’s sake!
Hearing his own name wrapped around that tongue, he looked up. Sherlock meant what he said. He was feeling sorry. For not knowing the solution to this case. For having left him in the dark? John accepted the tea wordlessly. The chinking of the spoon whirling in the cup filled the space between them.
“I’ve never been anything else, John.”
Sherlock is gone again. He is lost within him self, somewhere else for more than a full minute, until he can feel fingers gently rubbing circles on the top of his knees and when he looks down, he sees John kneeling there, right by his side. He looks so worried and soft, Sherlock thinks he will melt then and there in his seat.
He did not seem to like his questioning anymore, and a little flare of rage rushed over his face as he loomed over him and his pupils diminished. "You don't have the right to ask about the
"Sorry?" John didn't understand her question. Quickly, he tried to put on a half-hearted smile.
With a sigh he gets off John's lap and lets himself fall onto the sofa cushions next to him.
, he wants to scream at him, scream it from all the rooftops of England, including the top of St. Paul's Cathedral, he himself sitting on the very tip. He must've given the tiniest of nods, and before he knew what was happening he has his lap full of John Watson, who is now tugging him by the collar of his halfway opened shirt and bringing their lips together almost violently.
Molly shoved Moriarty in front of them. He got to lead the way but she got to hold the gun to his head. They walked in between the many gravestones and crosses, some decorated with fresh flowers, others forgotten entirely. John briefly wondered how many more bodies would join those already lying under the ground by the end of the week. At one big quarter of a stone, Moriarty stopped and they with him. The engraving read only a name in capital letters, and Sherlock could not believe his eyes. With his jaw dropped, he looked, one last time, at James Moriarty, speechless. Moriarty caught his eyes.
Irene's head snapped to the door to their left. That cry belonged to no other than James Moriarty. They both knew what that meant. They were wanted somewhere else, no time for little games like this.
"Now back to the spider. Your turn."
They finally do have breakfast and John occupies himself with reading the papers. Pretending everything was normal. Is it normal? No. No, it isn't. Sherlock will end up mad if he doesn't put an end to this, this … what's the opposite of a nightmare?
“You wanna come like this?” He asks, rumble so deep John feels it on his skin through the air alone.
"Mrs Hudson?" he called. "Make it three cups of tea, will you?"
"I understand that you all knew Janine Hawkins and identified her as a traitor of your kind, but I assure you that you never really knew her at all. She was never a part of you and she was never on your side. Janine Hawkins is dead. She was dead before she ever came into your lives. The woman you know under that name is James Moriarty's vampyre sister and she is the most dangerous thing you have ever encountered."
"The museum?" Lestrade asked. "We already looked in there."
. John had never heard that name before. Despite that, he found the interiors to be fitting its name, even though he had no idea what the name meant. Dark wood covered the walls and floor, and the main hall was full of old men with grey beards sitting on broad chairs without talking to each other.
"Move on?" Anderson's outrage was showing. "You realise this is your fault, Holmes, don't you?"
John gave a disbelieving laugh. A
"Actually... I did," Lestrade confessed.
. This last bit is the cut video message that he already knows. He remembers the first time he saw this and thought that,
Once again, Lestrade unknowingly ruined the moment. "Fine, you win. The painting is a fake. But why was Mr Woodbridge so brutally murdered?"
Suddenly, Sherlock is so touched and taken aback by what John is describing to him, because he knows exactly what he means, he knows what it feels like to
"Yeah, I'd like to know that, too," Sally Donovan added, and suddenly an overall noise of messy mumbling filled the room, everyone talking to each other or no one at all, and along with the volume grew the suspicion.
"We seek Moriarty and his lunatic sister out of their fucking hiding places," he announced. "We end all of this." He was so, so tired of losing loved ones.
"What's going on?" he asked once he had made it to the back of the crowd where Mrs Hudson was standing with her arms crossed.
"Sherlock."
The driver laughed, but it was not happy nor was it pleasant. "You get into a cab without knowing where 'tis you wanna go?"
A long pause. Sherlock looked down at the neatly folded pair of hands that lay in his lap. Eventually, he took a deep breath and let it out in a sigh.
“So why do you?”
He looked down at his nearly empty plate and decided he was not hungry anymore. But the tea should have reached a tolerable temperature by now. He emptied it at once, put the cup back down and thought all of this over. What was he doing with his life again?
, I can see there is so much more to you!"
John took out a soft cloth and opened the cork of the glass to let the liquid drip on it. "Very commodious, too."
"To the mutual hope of a new dawn," said Molly.
"But Sherlock is-"
He was watching the blood for a while longer and Sherlock lingered right behind him. The thick liquid was throbbing lightly, and John almost thought it was adjusting to his own pulse. Sherlock bent down even lower and over him, his head now right above his shoulder like a second head, and they waited. He could feel his own heart skip a beat when Sherlock's hand reached out for the one that John had placed around the ocular tube, and as he held it to put it away, he stopped right there. His back was pressed to John's shoulders and he suddenly wished the back of the chair to disappear between them. John wondered if Sherlock had leaned in so close to feel his heartbeat through him, to feel a little more alive again.
"And you think it was on Moriarty's behalf?"
"Look at you," he murmured and they both looked down at John's spread fingers. "You ought to be distraught, and yet your body is at absolute ease. You lived for this and lost it. They took it and you don't know what to do."
"You were close then?"
"Yet you do not strike me as very afraid."
Earlier, he has spent a lot of time staring at the chair opposite him. He has done this before – on long evenings whenever it started to sink in that he is living alone now. Again. After all these years, after running for his life for almost thirty months, all by himself, on his own, missing him. He never thought he could
I am concealing what it is you are obligated to know. It isn't easy for me to... I feel... I should have expected this." His words were gaining speed as the guilt broke through. "But somehow it isn't Moriarty's way of handling things. It isn't him but if it isn't him, it must be someone else, Doctor. Someone we haven't yet reckoned with, someone we have been ignoring and thus, did not see what was staring us right in the face. If only I knew..."
"How have you come to know all this?" John wondered aloud. Trusting her proved to be more of a difficulty. He had lost too many allies in the last few days and he was not yet ready to gain new ones that could not be trusted with certainty.
Sherlock swallows, Adam's apple bobbing. "That's really nothing to be ashamed of, John. Everyone needs help sometime-"
"Even better! You would not believe what kind of strange people come in and go out way later than preferable sometimes."
Sherlock’s response gets stuck in his throat and its remains come out in a sob. “Yes,” he manages.
"John?"
There had been a time where he would have looked at a woman like her quite differently. Dark, mysterious and enticing woman, looking just dangerous enough. But what caught his attention today was rather the look of mischief in her eyes. What did she know?
Sherlock ignored him. His head was turned towards Lestrade but his eyes were closed. "Did you tell him?"
"I'd say the two of us are very clear."
“Must’ve come from outside.”
He watched him walk up and down on stage, arms behind his back. He reminded him of a caged animal behind bars, having lost its mind from being watched by thousands of eyes for too long. But despite Moriarty being one man against a good twenty, his position left no room for misinterpretations: He was the superior party in this scene and all the scenes yet to come. Something mad and deadly was looking out of the darkness of those eyes.
Sherlock frowned.
"This is the only good microscope I have left, you could have scratched the lenses!"
so much. After he has come back to find John about to get engaged, living somewhere down in the suburbs, he has stared at his chair very often. When John would sit here with him, sit in the chair by the fire, he could forget about it. That he has lost him. That he is coming over for the cases, or for Mary and Sherlock to plan the wedding, and nothing else.
"His original name," John answered naturally.
"See ya 'round, doc!"
One was taller, had a full beard and held a trident in his hand. He had his eyes on another man who looked the other way, had a helmet on and held a sword up in the air. One piece of cloth was somehow covering them both from hipbones to the thighs. The whole statue had a dynamic to it, as if a wind of past times had threatened to blow them away before they had turned into stone.
." He exhales, pausing for a moment. His brave, brave John. "I was in a pretty bad place, as you know. I moved out of Baker Street and all, and after several months without any contact to … well, basically anyone or anything that would remind me of what happened, Greg offered to drop by my new flat and, you know, give me some things of yours. I think that, even back then, he knew. That's why it felt right to him that I should have your things. It wasn't very personal, some things from cases and all, but then, I guess that's what it made it so damn personal. There was a bit of us in this box, and- wow, I sound pretty silly now, don't I?"
Sherlock seemed confused. "What do you mean?"
Sherlock let out a sigh filled with regret that he clearly didn't want to give voice to, so his body did it for him. "Matters of frustration. Sometimes I feel the strong need to let off some steam."
The door, the one John had his back turned to, had swung open and an old, bearded face was poking through. John jumped to the skip of the beat in his chest.
Thanks for reading!
"You have never heard of Mr Culverton Smith? Oh, Dr Watson, do you really never read any newspapers?"
His cock gives another jerk at those words and the concept of this. Also,
"No turning back now."
Then he laughed. John got the idea he had taken (or been injected with) too many of the drugs he worked with. He kept on shoving Magnussen in front of him, both of them aware of the crowbar in his hand and his knighthood background suddenly very much on his mind.
Sherlock looks down at the spot between his feet. He’s thinking. But not as he usually is, not fast and calculating and mechanical. He’s thinking about the right thing to do. The things he has always wanted to do, but never thought it to be right or appropriate or
"Oh, Sherlock," she sobbed, took his hand now. John and him were connected through her, the air heavy under the weight of truth.
"Yes, the ball I've mentioned. Yes." Keeping up wasn't as easy as he made it sound. But the cab stopped abruptly before he was given more time to think, and shoved John closer to the edge of his seat from the impact.
People adjusted quickly when there was music in the room. Soon the whole room began to move as pairs found and held each other to dance. Suddenly, John and Sherlock were once again standing in the way, still and awkwardly in the middle of spinning long dresses and laughter. Sherlock looked as if he wanted to say something, but behind him John heard something else.
John had no doubt that it was certainly about this for Sherlock. But just as much as it had to be about taking back what was to be forever his.
The middle of the desert. He was back in Afghanistan, throat dry, stomach empty. He was hungry as death was hungry. Thirsty like the war craved for its victims.
Sherlock fell to hands and knees to grab two hands full of papers and stuff them together. John was watching him and felt the remaining energy draining from his body. Long day, longer week. He did not know sleep anymore.
Irene's mouth seemed to be snapping in two, her enormous head breaking where her jaw should have been, and a tongue rolled out, as long as her body itself. From one second to the next, she threw herself down onto Eurus Moriarty. In one moment she stood there, staring up at the snake queen and in the next she was gone, gone before she could so much as scream for help that would never come. She was being devoured wholly like a snake devoured a mouse. Eurus struggled and kicked against the walls of Irene's gigantic mouth until the outline of a hand was the last thing anyone would ever see of her again.
The rope tightened and they were both shooting higher up into the air. John held onto Sherlock because his life depended on it, and because he was all he had left. They reached the top and were greeted by a very surprised sniper who immediately attempted to kick them right off again. John, still trying to climb onto the roof and get on his feet, grabbed the foot that was about to hit his face and pulled it down as hard as he could. The creature fell off with a scream that ended when he hit the bottom. Sherlock offered his hand as John looked back up and together they pulled him over the edge of the roof. Sherlock's other hand was still just one long rope with a hook on it.
In this moment, Rosie randomly punches the laptop and opens one of the recommended videos on the sidebar.
"John. Would you … mind? I mean. Do you want to tell me the story of how we became …
"Sherlock, they're planning something. Something big. Moriarty is going to organise a ball at The Prof."
One morning Sherlock sits in front of his microscope on the kitchen table. He hasn’t moved for at least two hours. Nothing unusual. In fact, it is how they spend most of their Sundays now. John doesn’t really date anymore, and even if he did, he would not trade these days for anything. They have fallen into this pattern a while ago, the pattern of staying in on lazy Sundays, waking up later and waiting for the other to have breakfast together. Now Sherlock occupies himself with some experiment on maggots and fingers (John doesn’t even ask) and John is sitting in his chair. He is reading a novel about an incredibly clever and cunning explorer who kind of reminds him of Sherlock (he can’t help it, as much as he would like to). Being absorbed in the book, he is confused at first when Sherlock calls him from the kitchen.
"It doesn't have to be
that you can provide would be greatly appreciated."
, actually
Sherlock stared at the picture like it could answer the question itself.
Anthea knocked on the door with the name
"Ay, Mycroft, ser! I've bad news for ya."
Magnussen swallowed. They passed by more dark hallways, not knowing what would await them in the shadows. He would have ignored the lingering flickers in the corner of his eyes for his sanity's sake, for keeping his head together and by Magnussen's side, who led the way under John's command. He would have ignored everything that was not the stonepath beneath his feet, had there not been a brighter kind of flicker, a light which caught his eye and would not let go of it. As though controlled by a stranger's force, he did not walk forward – he went left. He didn't know why, nor how, but there was a giant glass tank in the middle of an otherwise dark room, illuminating the walls and the floor around it. Thick cables were lying around it like hairs coming out of a monster's head. The glass tank was not empty. There was a person floating inside of it. Looking like a drowned man, like a peacefully sleeping creature, like a mermaid with human legs, floated Sherlock Holmes.
Gaze following the path over strained nipples –
. But always. Always for him.
“You have no idea how long…” he begins, but doesn’t quite know where he was going with it, or if he wants this sentence to end.
He opened his coat. Its insides had pockets large enough to store one mask for each of them. John had no idea what Sherlock had picked out for them to wear. He looked ahead, holding up one of the masks. John took it from hand and looked at it. He turned it around in his hands, cautiously, as if it could break under the slightest pressure. The material appeared to be expensive, the shape of it designed to be a perfect fit. It was a white mask that would cover half of the face, just from the eyes down to the nose. It shimmered in the last rays of sunlight that touched it, decorated with tiny sparks of glitter that made it rough as sandpaper. The nose was long and sharp, like a crow's beak. John was wondering if he had picked this for him because it reminded of the plague doctors from the seventeenth century. But when he looked at it, he only saw Sherlock.
Bill Wiggins retreated from the shadows of a huge bookshelf where he had leant against the wall. Even Sherlock looked a bit surprised at the sudden reveal, but he caught himself quickly. "Ah, splendid."
She just left them to these words and walked away to the fading sound of her heels. At first, John was angry. He thought this was about him and Mycroft. He thought this was about him keeping his distance from Sherlock. Then he opened the envelope.
"I wouldn't touch that if I were you."
All the fear and all the concern about his future and his past seems to be gone now, on vacation for the first time in over thirty years, leaving behind a man with a glowing core of desire filling him up, ever spreading like flames following the trace of spilled petrol.
His eyes flashed at this and his smile appeared to be as honest as it was slightly maniac. John could only gape at him, but he went on and on and the pace in which he was speaking only increased.
Thirty minutes later, everyone had gone back to work. John had run off to hide in one of the rooms where they kept the costumes after he had finally been allowed to leave the stage. His head was still buzzing. Maybe some fresh air would clear his foggy mind. But before he could make it to the hallway of the main entrance to go outside, a small boy with long curly hair came running around the corner.
"Yes?" His voice has dropped to be impossibly deep.
"Ehm, no thanks."
"Wait, what do you-"
John could feel what was going through Sherlock's head as they drove over roughly paved streets on this foggy morning. Shame, regret, a disconnection stronger than he had ever known it. He would have to tell everyone about his true state of being. Why he knew so much about Moriarty's activities. Why he knew so much about the man himself. And all of the things he didn't know. He had seen this face before. The one that was now looking out of the window, was not paying attention to the empty streets but rather to the emptiness inside himself. He had seen it all on his own face the day he had come back to London, the windows of the train teary with raindrops. A mirror in which he sometimes caught his own eye, barely recognising himself.
His hand stretched out to reach through the leaves and thorns.
"Sherlock?" It hushed out under his breath. He couldn't wrap his mind around it.
him, doing what he did best. Completely in his element of being a brilliant genius.
He was wearing a grey waistcoat that barely fit around his front, a hat with thick glasses above the brim that looked like they had better use protecting one's eyes from melting rather than to improve one's vision. (Apart from the fact that he was already wearing glasses.) Mike gave him a crooked smile, and suddenly John thought he would recognise him everywhere.
"Oh, do you?" He was on his feet in an instant, pacing between the couch table and the window like the personification of his own unsettlement. "You said it yourself, I am not even alive. This form is most likely to be the only version you'll ever know of me, and what in the heavens leads you to believe it is not but a fraction of what I used to be?"
"No," Sherlock said, turning around sharply before he let himself fall into his chair, dressing gown flying behind him dramatically. "I'm just in agony!"
But Sherlock stays silent, can't seem to find his own voice in the messy storm consisting of brain functions, thoughts and primal desires that roars against the walls of his skull, sets every nerve ending on fire. John looks down at him with his brows cocked, seemingly really waiting for him to give some kind of permission.
They did as the inspector said. Walking down that same hall, standing in the same lift. Alone this time. The air was charged with something that was hard to define. John did not feel as tense today, and even the darkness had lost its gloominess. This was now known territory to him, it was something he had taken in once and now it belonged to him. Instead, what he felt when they were walking through the stone hall was excitement. He wanted to know all that Sherlock knew. Maybe now they would have a bit more time for him to ask. Sherlock had to have a reason to become what he became.
Sherlock removed his hand from her waist as the music challenged them with higher notes. He still held her by the hand, keeping her at the distance of two arms that reached for each other. They stopped for a second, bodies half turned towards each other, but his head was spinning, spinning. He pulled and she moved forward, spinning, spinning, her long dress blowing up like rose petals blooming in early spring. Then she was pressed against him, back against front, his arm around her, her arm around his neck. It was all rehearsed steps, all performance. An act he had done a thousand times.
The man opened his arms as if to present himself to John and invite him to take closer looks. "What do you think I am?"
"Thank you," John replied bitterly.
They each took a moment to themselves. Genuine conversations like this one … They didn't happen to them.
John elbowed him affectionately in the side.
"There's no one else, Mycroft. Only you and me."
"You knew him?"
He hammered his fist against the glass in desperation. His anger faded in a heartbeat as the tears formed, turning his sight blurry. It was no use crying now. He opened his hands and pressed his palms against the cold pane, separating him from the only hope he had left. But the string of one last hope was thin, about to snap. It felt like he was dying with him. God, he hated this. The sadness. It wasn't for him. He liked anger. Anger he could control. But sorrow would only wash right over him like waves on a shore.
"No?" He is confused now, but still smiling.
John balled his hands into fists. "Never caused too much damage?"
"Oh, of all people you should know best about the meaning of the term
For a moment there, Sherlock looked as if in agony and John thought he had said something wrong.
him?"
John shook his head. "No, neither did I. Even less under such circumstances as the present."
"Hell."
Janine looked down at him with pity in her pretty brown eyes. "I'm joking!"
There was the rumbling again. It, he, stepped into the light, and he really should have known that it could only be someone alive talking to him, for the undead's voices were rotten. This voice was not rotten. It was full, alive, made usage of tones John had never perceived before.
"John," Sherlock says, and his voice is deep and soothing. He knows this tone of voice, but it is still rare for John to hear this much emotion all wrapped around his chords. If he thought back to the Sherlock Holmes he first met all those years ago...
"Oh, bloody hell!"
John straightened in his seat as a little striped cat was running between the rows and between their legs. The animal made sure to rub its cheek on John's leg and get some fur on his suit trousers before it moved on and jumped from the stand. He shook his head and continued to watch the scene unfold. Looking up next to him, he was surprised to find that Sherlock made a similar face. Almost pained, torn between the urge to look away and to act. He reached out to take John's hand in his.
The man had taken off his sunglasses and now, mere inches from his own face, John was staring into eyes full of green, like the bud of a cherry blossom in early spring.
Deeply in thought, John reached for the cup again and when the drink slipped between his lips, he scowled. Cold. Sherlock tilted his head and threw a nonverbal question in his direction, to which John only answered with a low hum in his throat.
"Dr Watson!" Lestrade hurled forward and gripped John by the shoulders to pull him up and away from the defenceless Anderson.
"Sherlock! I need you now! We need to do this together, do you understand?"
"Hello, John."
"Hold onto me strongly."
"Dinner?"
He walks straight forward and presses John against the wall. He can see how his expression turns surprised and that his eyelids appear heavier while he looks at him expectantly.
"It is
John’s hand drops down, and he has no difficulty finding the bulge that is very evidently pushing against the thin layers of Sherlock’s clothes. It’s obvious how much it turns him on to get John off. It makes him smile even wider. But his smile is predatory. He massages the hard cock through the fabric. Sherlock whines once more, followed by a full-bodied shiver. John loves to have him like this. Lost, his head swimming, out of control. He would love to take him apart right now. But he won’t.
"Why?" James asked as he helped him get up.
"Sherlock?"
The realisation hits him like a lorry at maximum speed, almost knocks him out completely. Everything vanishes expect for the dark, deep blue eyes of the man that is looking up at him now. He loses himself, he feels himself falling down and getting sucked up by them like they were black holes of inescapable depth. Time and space don't matter anymore, falling doesn't matter anymore. Because
She took a step forward and held her hand out for John to take it. "Molly Hooper," she told him, and he found her smile to be as pleasant as that of Mrs Hudson, at least in its honesty. "I am very sorry that this must be your first impression of our little group. It is usually a little wild, but never this wild. I think Sherlock's disappearance has affected us all a bit more than some of us like to let on." She glanced over to Anderson, then to Lestrade, whose face immediately changed into one of mild shame.
. Shots were fired, becoming the drums in an orchestra of high screaming, vicious snarls and bones cracking as the bullets hit.
"Holmes," the man on the ground groaned weakly.
Just then, Sherlock pulls off. He removes his lips with a smacking sound, a filthy sound that makes John want to take his head in his hands and shove his cock right between those kiss-swollen lips again.
"Please. Please!"
John's brain rattled. Having heard the story a second time, far less detailed and personal than before, still unraveled more questions than it answered.
Silence. Sherlock, after a moment of holding it, cleared his throat to break it.
They continued to sit in their armchairs and talk for hours into the night. Sherlock had lit up the fire in the chimney between them and it warmed John's feet and bathed the room in soft light. It defined Sherlock's features in a way that reminded him of when he had first met him, ruffled hair and angularly lit, not even twelve hours ago. It already felt like half a lifetime had passed.
Trigger warning: Shit gets real.
John woke up not knowing where he was. Not a single nightmare had dared to pay him a visit during the night. Admittedly, it had only been a rather short night for him. But either had he imagined it and played it in his mind from memory or there really had been the soft tunes of a violin rising and falling, lulling him through a slumber uninterrupted by the war he still fought in his head. In exchange for the calm of night, perhaps to maintain some universal balance, he woke up sitting bolt upright and sweating as a silent cry died on his tongue. When he tried to swallow, his throat felt as dry as dust. He looked around. The room felt unfamiliar but definitely inhabited, with walls full of certificates, tables and cut-out newspaper articles. Not the most personal decor but it did paint a story. It could only be the room of Sherlock Holmes. Now John remembered.
That set the robot blinking.
"Ex?" John asked, his gaze not leaving Jane as she turned and performed movements he had never seen before, had never known could be considered as
John takes one of his hands and brings it to his mouth. The way he looks at him, almost pitiful. Sherlock wants to hate it. "Where are you right now?"
The room into which they walked turned out to be something else. A rusty grid started closing and locked them up in the room that was just a little too small for four people to stand next to each other without bumping shoulders. John felt the slightest hint of claustrophobia arising. Then the whole room began to move.
Running up the stairs, the world spun and narrowed to the size of the spiralling staircase. Not all of them made it to the roof but the General was the first, looking around her with controlled panic. And there it was, waiting. Looking like a massive warship made for the Seven Seas, it was strung to a giant zeppelin. It lowered until the ladder made of rope was touching the roof like a lowering anchor.
Rosie giggles. She has taken the place between John’s legs in his chair again, and Sherlock is sitting on one of the armrests, with John wrapping an arm around his middle.
"So," he says in a voice full of flirtation and seduction, "my clever detective."
When he was in the hallway again, he felt for the outline of the tube in his trousers, and with his other hand he did the same to feel for the eyeball over his chest. He tried to tell himself that this was not one of the weirdest things he had ever done. He winced as it gave a slight jerk. He must have touched the pupil. And it could not even blink away the irritation, as it had no eyelids. John was about to mutter a silent apology, but immediately felt ridiculous and dismissed the thought. This was not the time for embarrassment though, he reminded himself. He slipped into the room where he had treated Irene earlier, just as he heard the footsteps on the stairs telling him she was coming. John made short work of placing the tube with the lilac substance in his medical bag and somehow managed to not look too caught in the act as the door was being opened.
"Talk stupid to me, Sherlock," John continues, voice still rough, and it's that kind of tone that would make Sherlock's knees buckle, weren't he sitting on the chair opposite him. Also, his insecurity is currently dominating, bringing with it a whole bag of other emotions he doesn't like in the slightest. He needs more data. Or rather, some data, any data, damn bloody something that he could use as a hint of an impossible explanation as to what the hell is going on with John.
Sherlock blinked, and if he could have, there might have been tears to be blinked away. Quickly, he pulled his hand back. "Why are we doing this now?"
They lock eyes, suddenly, unexpectantly, and his heart skips a beat in response to the sheer power of the bond they share. It knocks him right out of reality and brings him back with the renewed realisation that he is alive.
He can feel Sherlock sulking, which is in itself ridiculous.
John once again took Sherlock's hand in his own and kissed it. "You could have told her beforehand, you know?"
Only now the lady seemed to notice John at all, and she slowly took in the picture of them, standing closely and clinging to each other. "And who is this young man you brought with you?"
"Oh God, he is not going to be amused at all. And why now, with Irene missing also … How could this happen to us?"
"I will know if it doesn't."
Never would he have believed it, he thinks as he lovingly watches over John and Rosie having way too much fun with something so silly, had someone told him he could one day wake up and have this.
His hands trembled in Ella Thompson’s room. Just a second ago, he had let them run over James’s hot skin with steady fingers. Now they were cold and shaking.
Hearing him say those very familiar words always reminded John of the power behind them, and that an evil time might be coming upon those whom they set themselves to hunt down. Or, in some cases, that evil could be surpassed when they decided to save a life.
"Excuse me?" Now John was just plainly thrown off track. He had no idea where this conversation was going, but at the same time all of Lestrade's other remarks slowly started to make more and more sense. "I'm-" he cleared his throat, "I'm not living on the street. I'm not-" and laughed at the absurdity of this, "I'm not
"Has our good inspector here ever used those handcuffs on you, I wonder?" Moriarty asked himself aloud in a rough voice that drove goosebumps of disgust down Molly's back. She blushed and suppressed to urge to kick him from the horse.
Irene Adler was looking at him with a fascination that could be considered innocent, but John knew
But before John starts, he takes a deep breath. Sherlock knows why. He knows what he is asking of him, and he wouldn't ever do so if he didn't think it absolutely necessary. He needs to hear it, and he needs to hear of from
A wave of surprise washed over the maid's face and drained the colour out of her rosy cheeks. She looked like she was suddenly feeling unwell. As a doctor, John should have been more concerned, but again, curiosity only made it clear to him that the impact of his words confirmed what he had suspected.
Lestrade bit his tongue and let his shoulders sack. He had no choice but to do as Sherlock told him. As always. Sometimes it was tiring to know he was supposed to be the one in charge, and yet in so many cases his hands were tied and his mind dependent on the brain of another.
So he doesn't say anything. Instead he is looking at John again, watching him watching the stars, and he takes a deep breath of relief. John hasn't seen his dying chuckle, his swallowed lies. John is nervous and insecure himself tonight, but Sherlock doesn't see that. He just sees a strong soldier having his head held high. A tower of strength, as solid as a rock in the middle of a storm. He isn't able to observe anything, actually, he can only see and all his senses betray him.
"Mr Wiggins."
And then John goes in to place a kiss on the skin of his inner thigh and he shuts it. His brain shuts down and there is only sensation left.
Sherlock swirled around once, twice. John could see the wheels in his mind turning. Would there be a brilliant idea that could save the day? Sherlock, too, seemed to be on the edge of panic, but he had himself under control, his eye jumping from one point to another, another while the rest of his body just stood still, seemingly unaffected by anything. All of a sudden the expression changed and the dots connected in his mind, for the light returned in his eyes and his cloudy face was brightening. He threw his hands in the air, brought them together in front of his chest as if to pray, then spun around as he found John again. Looking at him like he was the very answer to the universe.
"Now, ask me a real question. Something you are actually interested in knowing of me. And I assure you, there is
"One last thing," Sherlock said as they had made it out of the restaurant. The rest of the evening was quite wonderful. The food was delicious, the wine had done what it was supposed to do so exquisitely, and the company ... Well, that would go without saying. He was beautiful. He was clever. And he seemed to like him back. A heavy weight had been lifted off John's chest tonight, and in its place there had slipped butterflies with beating wings.
"It works," he said.
"Get away from the smoke!" John yelled.
"Uh-uh, Mary," Moriarty warned. "If you'd pardon the milady's behaviour. It is, indeed, fairly impolite to joke around in an interview."
Protest was written all over Anderson's wide-eyed face. "Oh, come on!"
, and John's mouth is on him again, just below his nape curl. He places an open-mouthed kiss just there. Sherlock shivers.
John sighed. Yes, there were so many questions spinning around in his head. But he needed time to sort them out, to figure out how to ask them. And he needed Sherlock to give him the answers. Always Sherlock. The only one he knew he could trust in this.
He raised his voice so loudly and so suddenly that John flinched at the impact that the vibration in those tones and how they echoed behind his own chest.
"Well, Dr Watson, now I think it is your turn to- argh!"
There was a long pause between them. Sherlock's widened eyes narrowed and he was searching John's face, first in confusion, then in curiosity. "Yes," he said slowly. "I feared so."
"No, this is you. I don't know him, I don't know if he will remember- I … The person is in the mind, not in the transport, you said it yourself."
He stood up and they shook hands. Had he expected someone like him to come? Did this happen a lot around here? People spying for Sherlock Holmes? Maybe John was not as unique and essential to the detective as he had thought … But no (and he shook his head internally), this was not about him.
"Did you?"
"Did you hear that?!" Moriarty yelled into the microphone. John pressed his hands over his ears in pain.
Suddenly, Sherlock brought his hand to his left ear, wrapped his fingers around it and
"John?!" She seemed to feel the same.
Yes, I know, I know. No cheap excuses. (But I have been very stressed and not in the best of moods.)
Part Two is going to follow shortly! (Sorry for the long wait.)
"Irene Adler came back."
These times are long over now, luckily, but John’s heavy sigh still doesn’t feel good at all and puts a weight on his shoulders that he has tried to shake for quite some time.
"I'm sorry, Dr Watson, you've come to us at the wrong time and got caught up in all this," Lestrade began his own apology when he suddenly looked up to Sherlock again, "And could you bloody acknowledge my full name for once?" He continued in a barely audible mumbling Sherlock used to talk over. "Knows every fact under the sun and can't even remember three bloody letters in the right order..."
"There is nothing else happening." The words slipped out of him before he could even think twice. He did not want to make it sound like he was only talking to her because he had nothing better to do. But her gaze drifted off into the distance as though she was thinking of the mysterious detective and continued her talk.
He cannot bring himself to say it out loud. Hell, he can barely even think it. And it was so obvious that they were going to get engaged – with dull, boring engagement rings and champagne – but Sherlock was actually looking forward to it for a while. He could organise it. He could compose for it. He could celebrate losing John forever, like the bloody drama queen he would never admit he is. He could dance. Teaching John how to dance, holding him. Being held.
Yes, it's too much, he decides, and led by a sudden impulse he surprises John by pushing himself up, and where John has just straddled his hips, he is now sitting on Sherlock's lap. They utter the most indecent noises as Sherlock's hot cock, swollen and sensitive from arousal, pushes against the underside of John's testicles and perineum, but Sherlock swallows the sound of it down with a wet kiss. They push and pull, on hair, on clothing, take their faces in hands with so much eagerness that their teeth collide sometimes. None of them minds.
"I won't let you escort me back to my flat. You know that, right?"
He was watching him with piercing eyes that seemed to change colour every time the light hit them from another angle. He moved his head like a raven observing its prey, and he tilted his head as those eyes were wandering up and down John's frame. Hands still clasped behind his back, he stepped closer. His eyebrows raised with his chin, mouth opening as though he wanted to say something. At second glance, he looked like something had suddenly struck him and one corner of his mouth twitched upwards.
"No," Sherlock had the audacity to toss in. "I am still missing!"
Sherlock thinks about it in the most rational way he can. He is very serious when he says, “If risking my life leads to this right here, to you and me, I might just consider it.”
"Dr Watson and those who work at The Prof are obviously in the best position to keep an eye on Moriarty. Any clue can be helpful in finding out where he brings the bodies or from where he leads his criminal net."
"I am sorry to disappoint."
"Do you have a plan?"
"Shut up and get on here, will you?"
“Only because you let him get away with it.”
"John," he mumbles, trying to keep his voice from breaking, "I need you. I need you to know that I need you."
“Yes.”
” he repeats, tone lascivious and dripping with cheek.
“In conclusion; gay. Very much so. Though again, romantic or sexual relationships have not been something I have chosen to waste my time on.”
Just for his sake.
“Because you are! I don’t want you to be more than you already are.”
John put his head down on his chest and stayed until the sorrow would numb him enough.
It was not unheard of rich people hoarding their supplies in the cellar. Somehow, John could imagine it very well. Irene Adler, playing around a bit with chemicals … He realised he had never asked where her injury actually came from. Although he tried to break the bad habit of sticking his nose into other people's affairs. Not one of his best resolutions when he was just about to enter someone else's basement unauthorised. God-knows-what could await him down there. And knowing Irene, or rather not knowing Irene, should tell him enough to know it would be dangerous.
"The ever pounding beating of your heart would distract me all day."
John shrugged again, trying to look indifferent. "I don't think I have seen more of him than you have."
"He didn't tell me you were already here."
in his life, than when he watches the slow and steady rise and fall of Sherlock’s body, listens to him breathing and knows he is alive.
"We have been trying to evacuate the buildings they invaded and rescue the survivors," he began, pointing at the outer areas closer to the edges of the map. "They are coming from over the walls and making their way to the inside."
Sherlock does as he tells him and shifts backwards a bit to grab the headboard with his arms. His back is sticking with sweat and the bed feels cold, suddenly, before John is near him again, pressing kisses to his belly. He has slipped out during the change of positions. His hands are sliding along the back of his thighs and underneath his arse to pull apart his cheeks. Sherlock shivers all over, so desperate now.
Surely you cannot be that naive. In the military, what do you think people do? Experiments are crucial to gain the upper hand in a battle."
"You could say so! I'm his landlady."
This probably isn't the right time to mention this, but he is already a bit drunk on arousal, so it just comes out as he kisses his neck. "So you really think Alex tried to hook up with me?"
. And talking to an ear in the backseat of a cab all by himself? Not a very good look. So back into his breast pocket it went.
all you want, do you not understand?"
He turned around to find a blonde woman in a white dress, a red veil and a cat mask. It was the person he had seen Moriarty talking to just minutes ago. He looked past her to see if he was still there but the crowd was moving too fast. He couldn't see him. The woman removed the veil from her face, and now he could see into her eyes. It was Mary. Not that he did not already that.
She led them through a hallway that appeared to be too narrow, judging from the size of the house. It left him with a sobering impression. The wallpaper was peeling itself off and started bilging as evidence for all the years that had passed since its last renovation. There was a bay window with its glass covered by so thick a layer of dirt and dust that its colour had turned into a yolk-like orange, making it impossible to look through.
"What are you doing here?" He wasn't talking to John. Pushing past the detective, he ended up standing next to him, also stopping in his tracks.
She narrowed her eyes at this. "I am your only way out at present! Do you have anything better in mind?"
"But it went wrong," John said, and all eyes were on him. "Moriarty was not prepared for the invasion to happen that night. So if the leader of those monsters – and they must have a leader – knew of him, knew of his mask ball, they saw the perfect opportunity to strike. Thus, they must know of his plot against them, which means..."
"Everything we love is important," John assured him.
"Apologise?" John looked at him with a frown. Sherlock was not an apologetic person, even if there was something to be sorry for. But this one came out of the blue for him.
What was he even doing here? Following a strange woman he only knew for so little an amount of time –
The detective slid his coat over his shoulders and let it fall to the floor to turn into a sad looking pile of clothing. He walked past him and sunk into his chair, his hands and fingers against his lips as if to pray, and closed his eyes. John came closer on silent feet and stood by the other chair for a little while. Watching him like this, he could have been nothing more than a cyborg, John thought. Smooth, pale face, a posture too elegant to not be rehearsed, a peace to those closed eyes that could not be worn by any other man, for they had worries and engravings of a life that was impossible not to show. He could hardly have been real.
in Spanish. As you do.
"And always so modest … John, this is Mrs Hudson, and this place would certainly fall without her. And don't you think of using modesty, too, Mrs Hudson!"
"Sherlock, stay with me."
. One of the looks that John had already learned could only mean
Those eyes watching him, and this deep voice, vibrating like a string coated with honey, went straight down his back, he couldn't deny. Making his stomach flutter. He didn't know what it was. Didn't know what
"I have my sources."
He can clearly hear him pant behind him, not unaffected by what he is doing to him, which is calming, if not also confusing.
"Ah, yes," Janine finally acknowledged his presence. "I haven't seen you much after Jim's little humiliation."
"C'mon now, slow and steady," said Wiggins while holding the door open for him.
The gravestone was cold to his touch. He had visited several cemeteries and never had he liked it. They had always filled him with a feeling of unsettlement, a reminder that death was everywhere. But he liked this gravestone. It was solid, had its curves and its edges. It had its imperfections. And a lovely inscription. He and the General had chosen it together.
"Mrs Hudson-"
He did wear the damn mask. He became the crow and John became the wolf. Then they made their way to the entrance door on the other side. The strange pond of people was slowly streaming in. Guests walked through the hallway past the reception with time on their hands, engaging in this social event with a caution they had neglected in the outside world. This was about being seen while being hidden.
She laughed so sweetly, and he drowned in it.
“Thank you.”
"Dr Watson, I am sorry you are now involved in all this. The depth of my apology knows no end, believe me. When he takes control, I am his and myself is distant. I have power, but he turns it against me and I am losing. Kate and I were only trying to survive him."
He blinks back at him, but stays otherwise silent. He listens more, yes. But when he actively keeps his own mouth shut, something is definitely not right.
John couldn't help but jump once, feeling somewhat caught in the act, as he heard the voice of Mrs Hudson behind him, and shortly after the door through which they had exited fell closed.
"No, no, careful! Don't touch this, you could falsify the results!"
"Wait, what do you-"
"We do what we can. The advantages of being a group of very diverse members is that the range of skill within it can be very wide. The disadvantages however … Well, you have seen for yourself today, I suppose."
"Sherlock? Look at me."
"Well, then," James continued, "Happy ruined lives to you too!"
His left shoulder felt like it had been ripped from his torso, and all the rain, all the rain, all the rain diluted the red pool of blood as he bled out on the battlefield.
), but then he has to close his eyes. And now? Now the great Sherlock Holmes doesn't know what to do.
Muscles tremble, there is arousal pooling and with every,
any, something had to be off."
He walked towards him, graceful like he was walking down the aisle. Like he could have him. Like he was deciding to stay this time.
The kiss is still slow, still so passionate, and Sherlock experiences a moment where he is actually convinced he might just fall out of the clouds, as John pulls back with a hearable smack. Sherlock's eyelids flutter and his expression must scream confusion, because John's grin is wider than should be possible. In a swift motion, he leans forward again and kisses the top of his nose so utterly sweet that Sherlock almost breaks. „Good morning,“ he murmurs, voice low and thick with something else than sleep.
"Out of my war, Sherlock." Sherlock spoke how he had never heard him speak before. It sounded just like one particular criminal mastermind. In the next moment, he pressed his palm against his temple. "Out of my head!"
Eventually you register the sharp pain in your side and your head starts throbbing from the effort of it all and you quiet yourself. Your cheeks are wet but they have more colour in them than when they first brought you in.
“Hmm, it could be worse I suppose, you could still have that hideous moustache,” John squeaks out an indignant
Silence descends and you feel your cheeks start to heat under the shocked gaze of Lestrade, Dimmock and John. Mrs Hudson, pointedly unfazed by your suggestion, tuts some affectionate platitude about the child and the conversation starts to resume around you again. John still stares though; as though you’ve just grown an extra head, and you pretend not to be hurt by his surprise. Cold hearted machine is the bed you’ve made for yourself and that is where you must lie. He frowns then, you can see him making his own deductions and eventually he seems to come to some sort of conclusion as he reaches for his daughter. He murmurs his thanks and you feel a little of that bitterness ebb away as you watch him leave the room.
But you tell yourself it’s enough.
“Can I ask you another question Sherlock?”
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, voice cracking; “you too.”
You think of all these tiny little things, unpack them all at once and then jumble them all together and hope so fiercely you can almost shut out the waspish voice in your head saying
“No hang on; I was just going-“
and you don’t bother responding.
John feigns an outraged huff and precedes to snog the life out of him, hips grinding deliciously against Sherlock who squirms beautifully beneath him. For a while the only sounds in the room are the rustling of sheets, soft moans, and breathy laughter, while John goes about the task of convincing his lover.
John frowns, sucks in a sharp breath and he can already see the questions forming in Johns mind after a barked out
John’s got that look in his eyes again and Sherlock realises now it isn’t pity. Not really. It’s an odd mix of sadness and wonder. His expression turns contemplative for a second, his eyes shift away and his brow furrows and Sherlock begins to think he has made John uncomfortable. He watches John’s free hand as it clenches and unclenches against John’s thigh. The possibilities of what’s triggered that reaction can usually be narrowed down to only a select few things. Sherlock wonders - anger? Or stress? Evidently he is suppressing something. Sherlock waits for the inevitable outburst but, as usual, John Watson surprises him.
You tell yourself it’s enough.
That sets them off again; laughing and laughing until their eyes are wet and they are both panting for breath.
A pause.
Sherlock gives an embarrassed laugh, feeling every bit as inexperienced as his previous confessions implied. But John, who has gathered his composure now, is beaming at him.
“Thank you, Sherlock. For sharing that with me,” comes John’s voice; quiet but earnest, and Sherlock’s head whips up in surprise. As ever, John Watson continues to amaze him.
You’re expression must be bordering on ridiculous because you’re pulled out of your shock by Rosie giggling at you from the end of the bed. But John is wiping your face with such tenderness while his daughter sits and cackles at the foot of your bed and you almost can’t believe it.
John snorts at that and Sherlock continues-
Pretend that everything is the way it once was.
You hear John potter around, checking your vitals, fiddling with the monitors. Murmuring softly to his daughter while he prods gently at your drip line.
It’s the tinkle of glass and the soft creak of a chair that snaps him out of his spiralling thoughts and he exhales guiltily. It’s in these moments that he yearns for the reassurance brought by physical connection, longs to be enveloped by the strong arms of the one man he allows himself to be truly vulnerable with. He stares at the illuminated 2:05 on his alarm clock until it becomes 2:07 and debates whether to get up or force himself back into a restless sleep. Eventually his full bladder makes the decision for him and he swings his legs out from under the covers and hobbles, muscles tight and sleep stiff, out the bedroom door and down the corridor.
But it’s not a nurse.
You’re in there for three weeks and sometime around day four he stops coming by as frequently. Practically you understand why; he has a job and a toddler to look after and the hospital stirs up unpleasant spectres of the past.
You want him so fiercely that sometimes the strength of it scares you. Some nights your skin seems alight with the desire to feel his body on you, around you, inside you. You burn with the need to understand what makes his nerves dance and his breath quake, you want to know every intimate thing about him and you want to gift him that knowledge in return. It’s sentimental and dull and horribly clichéd but you want him to be the first, and only, person you allow to learn the intimacies of your body and your pleasure.
“What?”
Just like that you’re miserable again. You wonder how much longer the pair of you can continue, dancing circles around your misery and the conversations that are long overdue. You try to ignore your disappointment that he isn’t staying the night. You tell yourself that he came tonight and he even laughed at your deductions about the new lab tech and that’s enough.
You get by.
Because it’s all you’ll ever get.
“Lestrade did, at least I assume that’s what he was implying when referring to the time he had with the two gymnasts on the back seat of his first car.”
Is it too late to ask you to take my hand and run away? Tonight I need you to stay.
Much to John’s relief, and that of his racing heart, the sound of the steps fades away again. They are safe. He hopes.
“'I can take them on my own.' I have always said that. Or I wouldn't be the one you know, would I? It's cold, even in here (without you). Even that coat collar can't protect me from this (from my feelings, from the pain). I have trouble feeling my own heartbeat. It could be so hard to admit and yet it is so easy now. I am a frightened man.
John needs a second. Sometimes moments like this still come as a surprise, making him feel warmer all around. "Amazing."
"You aren't getting competitive over this, are you? Look, the only reason Moriarty made this work, apparently, is because his methods are ferocious and unethical. This is not the mind of a scientist but that of a maniac."
He kisses the skin behind his ear. Sherlock gulps. Loudly. The light sensation is torture and he feels its affect running down his spine and settling almost inside of his bone structure, controlling him. And his mouth.
Irene almost looked like she pitied him for all the things he did not know. "There is no way we could have foreseen you, Dr Watson. And I mean this as a compliment. He sent you because of my injury. Everything would have turned out very differently, had Sherlock not injured me. But back then it was his only chance."
“Breast pocket.”
"How did I deduce it? Please, it was pretty obvious," Sherlock interfered, "After we separated, I met a few of my Irregulars who provide me with information while they remain unseen. It was even easier, this time, to meet them in public, for I was looking rather
for them.
"I'm so glad to see you," Molly mumbled into his shoulder and he thought he had seen a twitch of a smile around Sherlock's mouth.
, John realised. He did not think about how the love of his life had been dead even before they ever met, did not think about losing his own life for him. He would have died a long time ago had it not been for him. With all the strength left, not in his body but in his heart, he made it to his feet, picked up sword with the one and gun with the other hand, staggering over and past groaning soldiers, thrusting their weapons through the enemy's body, vampyres sucking people dry on the floor, cyborgs walking on and on.
After all, Sherlock's head was full of clouds.
A muffled groan was heard and something was stretching. Still hidden in the shadows, still looming in darkness. John thought about bending down to pick up the torch from where it had fallen, not far from his right foot. But he didn't want to take the risk of looking away, of giving up his position, should it decide to then take advantage in the moment of distraction. His nerves wouldn't calm, facing all the possibilities his wanton imagination drew for him in his mind's eye, and he found himself shouting.
"Shit, shit, I can't go back, I killed his bloody employee! I killed my bloody patient!"
"Where are they now?"
as he had called it, presumably because that way they could keep an eye on Moriarty's activities, or at least tell themselves so.
Sherlock was still eyeing him suspiciously. He could not know for certain if this was the manipulation of Mr Holmes, the man whose highest priorities were to save his country whatever the costs, or just the truthful words of Mycroft, laying his heart bare for the first time. It was hard to tell because he wouldn't know how that looked like. He wouldn't know.
Sherlock cocked a brow at him, waiting.
"When did you learn to play the violin?" he mumbled but did not get an answer. Maybe he was already dreaming, not speaking aloud at all. But falling asleep was so easy now. Now that he felt safe again, here at Baker Street, with him.
He doesn't really want that. He wants John Watson. In every sense. And since there aren't such things as miracles, he is not still staring at him. He is absolutely not still hopelessly in love with this man, and of course he doesn't wish for One. More. Miracle.
Sherlock looked ahead again. "Her voice, it's ... There's a spell to her words. She takes control over them. Brain-washing.
“You… are, actually. Just look at you, you with your… cheekbones. Your… perfectly tailored suits, your annoying British accent and deep voice-”
"So that's why it was so purple..."
As they came closer, it got unmistakably clear what Lestrade meant by that. The corpse lying there was only half a corpse. Its whole torso and everything from the waist upwards was missing. Blood was still leaking out of it, drying and rotting with the remains of some organs. There was a ferocious stench to it. Lestrade was right. Identification could prove to be difficult.
John huffed a quiet laugh at this.
"Supporting me will just be enough, thank you," she said as she placed her arm on his good shoulder.
After the heat had cooled down and they all knew each other a bit better, the real plotting could finally begin. They were gathered around the table with Sherlock in the middle of it all, marking things on the map for them to remember.
Sherlock's face was full of tearless pain, bloodless death. He was dying. The shock set in and somewhere in between he had started screaming, gasping. John felt like a man struck by thunder, unable to move or think or comprehend.
He feels soft, wet lips against his ear and presses his eyes together.
"What do you know of Sherlock Holmes?"
There is a hint of pink on his cheeks now, and for a moment Sherlock eye's water again, but from the incredible love and affection he feels for this man in front of him. He forgets everything else, almost as if it was easy to do so, and for once only lives in the present moment.
"James had a sister?" Sherlock asked, surprised.
"What about Ms Adler's plan?"
"No, that is not what I meant, silly."
His eyes are boring into Sherlock’s own and electrify the space between them, the air they breathe. Sherlock swallows, once more, but his throat is dry and he is thirsty. He is cold, goosebumps all over his body from the river water and those ocean eyes, but his skin is hot with anticipation.
– they began to cut their way through the masses. The excitement going on around them was gruesome, but it was also expected.
But oh,
John huffed a laugh. "I'm still not so sure about that." He looked down at his plate and found that he wasn't hungry anymore. Well, or maybe he was. Just not for food. "And what do you do?"
"Dreadful business," she commented.
, the barmaid, was still standing in front of him behind the counter. There was currently no one else sitting at the bar. It was yet too early for the Criterion to be overflowing with guests, even if there was a respectable number of people sitting around tables and on benches around the pub. Stuck behind the counter she had to be bored then, or at least glad that the only one she had to worry about was still sober and not as weird as some blokes had a tendency to be. She waiting for John to offer her his name as well.
Harry was certainly right. And because she was only a product of his own nightmare induced imagination, she knew best, of course. John didn’t even know anymore, couldn’t know, if she had said these words to him once or if he had had this conversation in his own head so many times already that it became his reality. So she was right. He always did what would keep others away from his wounds, held them at a safe distance. After seeing what being herself had meant for Harry, he had decided to be someone else. Someone who was only attracted to what would not give him strange looks when he walked through the streets. Then he had decided to go to war. To walk through the desert. Alone.
He is not sure why he feels compelled to answer John. Perhaps it’s the conflicted look stitching John’s brows together, or the earnest way in which he seems so invested in Sherlock’s emotional wellbeing, or maybe it’s just that resisting alcohol and its inhibition-lowering effect has never been Sherlock’s strong suit. He takes a deep breath and decides to hurtle himself off the precipice that he feels he is suddenly standing on.
At least Molly Hooper had the courage to make a move.
John frowns slightly and Sherlock is sober enough to see the thought process reflected in John’s features. John sighs, resolute in whatever he is about to say.
He is stopped by a hand on his wrist and Sherlock calling his name and ends up being pulled down into a searingly hot kiss that lasts long enough for John’s knees to start cramping from the odd angle he is twisted at. John has kissed his fair share of people in the past but nobody has managed to make his hair stand on end and his heart thump the way that this wonderful man does. Eventually Sherlock pulls back, free palm cupping John’s face, and plants one more soft kiss on John’s top lip before releasing his now sweaty wrist.
And you do.
One night he can’t come along on a case and you pretend it doesn’t bother you.
John spends some time looking at the spread of flasks and beakers holding varying liquids and oddities and pretends to understand what he is seeing while Sherlock explains the particulars of what he is working on.
“Both of us” John replies quickly and firmly, drawing a startled look from Sherlock.
John rolls his eyes and bids Sherlock good night before taking care of his now insistent bladder and sliding back between the sheets to attempt to find rest.
. Sex with John Watson. And just like that Sherlock starts to panic.
“Sorry, too much?” John rumbles in his ear.
And blink.
Sherlock’s eyebrows immediately shoot up into his hairline and his entire neck and face flush exquisitely, his mouth falling open in an almost comical fashion. John holds his breath before letting out a short nervous laugh and suddenly he finds himself being pulled on top of a red faced Sherlock.
John snorts; “Oh yeah? Giving me cheek for having morning wood and now he wants
Your wounds heal, your stitches come out, life sluggishly moves along. You’re not allowed on active cases for a while but Lestrade brings you some cold case files and Molly lets you borrow a few body parts from the morgue.
“Sherlock-“
You tell yourself it’s enough.
For him.
“Before that was…” Sherlock hesitates, takes a sip before answering.
Sometime later he texts. Polite platitudes and a weak excuse for his absence.
“Right,” John places his glass on the side table and grips his knees, “right.”
Or if they are they don’t mention it.
John lies panting, flooded with endorphins and flushed from climax, and is slow to understand as he peers at Sherlock through the heady post-orgasm haze that’s settled on his brain.
Sherlock feels the slight chill of panic down his spine at John’s question, worried his thoughts are written all over his face. He blushes deeply, thankful for the low light of the dying fire, and decides quickly that he needs to derail this conversation before it goes any further.
John looks a little shell-shocked. He swallows thickly before taking another swig and waiting for Sherlock to continue. Sherlock feels something akin to pride at being able to render John speechless on the subject of The Woman.
You feign having nodded off to avoid answering.
You solve it without even leaving the crime scene and still, even though you know it’s not coming, you look to him expectantly.
Always for him.
John knows that tone, cautious and unsure, and his heart feels full from it. Nightmares don’t happen often these days, but that doesn’t mean they don’t happen at all. John smiles, warm and fond in the face of Sherlock's concern, and pushes himself off the fridge towards him.
“But just so we’re clear-“
Their laughter dies a little but the playfulness in Sherlock’s tone does not when he responds; “dreadfully unromantic of you John. I suspect I may need convincing.” He punctuates the last word with a wicked grin and an upward roll of his hips and John can feel that he is not the only one at half-mast.
Sherlock shifts slightly, hand loosening from its grip on John’s shoulder and thigh adjusting against John’s groin. John exhales at the warm pleasure that zings lazily along his nerves in response to Sherlock’s movement. It hasn’t gone unnoticed-
“And,” John swallows; hesitating, “what if we’re going with sentiment then?”
“John, why are we still talking about this?” He means it to come out bored and disinterested but his panic betrays him and it sounds more like pleading.
and letting his wife get shot, he still calls you his friend. That’s enough.
And he.
You come to several hours later, bones aching with cold and your own neglect and you trudge down the road to the chippy and order so much fish and chips that the lad behind the counter gives you a wary look, like he’s not sure if you’re having him on. You can’t really blame him; last time you were there you were drugged to the eyeballs and got into an argument with his co-worker about not wearing a hair net. You take the steaming bundle back to the flat and gorge yourself on chips until your stomach aches from it. Your phone pings and you ignore it. It’s just Mycroft, he wants to know if there’s a list.
“You have a fondness for idiots?” John parrots back to him.
John wakes the next morning to humid breath on his neck and soft curls tickling his nose. He allows himself to bask in the heaviness of Sherlock’s frame draped across him; a firm thigh pressed against the semi-hardness in his pyjama bottoms and a hand curled around his shoulder.
“Now might be the time to remind you that one of us is significantly drunker than the other.”
“Not what?” Comes Sherlock’s indignant reply.
dead wife isn’t exsanguinating on the pavement.
John; sincere yet determined, starts over.
Heat floods Sherlock’s face with such an intensity that for a second he thinks he is about to pass out. John shuffles closer and reaches his palm out to cup the sharp line of Sherlock’s jaw. His thumb swipes across an overheated cheekbone and he smiles encouragingly at Sherlock.
“Yes I want to, I desire to…I mean. I have wanted to. I did. Once. Well, a few times it happened but…” Sherlock trails off, a sick hollow feeling filling his gut. They are definitely on dangerous ground now and Sherlock can’t see any possible way back to safer territory.
“Hmmm?” Damn, has he sounded this languid and simpering the entire night?
“Before that was someone at university. So you see John, I don’t exactly have a wealth of experiences to pick from. But I suppose if you take away the lack of attraction and the fact that it was a ruse to get to Magnussen, technically speaking, Janine was the best. If we’re going with skill.”
You think of his soft, pleased smile when you tell him about helping Mrs Hudson install a new cabinet in her laundry.
He is here and that’s enough.
“I love you” Sherlock says simply, as though the very sound of it doesn’t completely shatter John’s world every time.
John considers feigning annoyance for a second but he is too drunk on contentment to bother, so he giggles instead and is soon joined by Sherlock.
You find yourself anxious at the thought of John’s approaching birthday; occasions have a way of making people melancholy with longing for people who aren’t there to attend them. You hate parties and you loathe the thought of entertaining a host of people but you swallow the unpleasantness and organise a small gathering at 221B.
He tells John about the day they first met; Victor’s dog attacking Sherlock’s ankle as he was dashing across campus to reach the chemistry labs before the cleaners ruined another of his experiments. He mentions Victor’s love of classical music and how he always insisted Sherlock played the classics for him. He talks about the solid length of his tanned arms and how Sherlock used to devote hours to imagining what it would be like to have those arms wrapped around him. He tells John about being a little bit tipsy and attempting to kiss Victor but completely missing the mark. He talks about how Victor laughed fondly at him and pulled him closer to show him how to do it properly. He talks about Victor helping him with a break through on a chemical formula. The impossible curve of his silhouette, how his white shirt clung to his skin the day they both got caught in the rain. He tells John about going to visit with Victor’s family and wondering about whether anything would escalate between them physically. How they barely even get to kiss because Victor doesn’t want his conservative parents to find out and jeopardise his possible future as the inheritor of the family company. Lastly he tells John about how Victor blamed his father’s heart attack on the stress of Sherlock’s investigation and uncovering of his father’s past. He talks about the letter Victor writes him; saying he never wants to see Sherlock again. How he goes back to Cambridge alone and utterly humiliated, and relapses to the point of needing rehab. He talks and talks until his voice is hoarse and his throat hurts.
but Sherlock continues, “honestly John, you looked like a senior citizen.”
He stops by every third day with a cup of tea and a pastry from the bakery outside the hospital. He doesn’t wipe your face or fiddle with your monitors and there is something distant about his presence.
“Well!” John’s silence-breaking exclamation startles a jump out of Sherlock. “He’s an idiot then, if he couldn’t see what a catch you are. Ears in the crisper, suspicious substances in the microwave- tosser didn’t know what he was missing out on.”
Funny how you used to think it protected you.
Subconjunctival haemorrhaging consistent with repeated blunt force trauma to the back of the head
“Sentiment, yes as I’ve expressed to you in the past John, sentiment is a-"
“Just one.” Sherlock can feel his heart thudding against his ribcage.
You love him so completely and with a conviction you never thought was possible. You’ve died for him, you’ve killed for him, you’ve gone all the way to hell and back for him and you’d do it all again in a heartbeat if it meant keeping him safe and happy.
The lightness in his voice suggests he is anything but sorry and Sherlock pretends to scowl in response before John kisses the pout from his lips. One of John’s hands starts to descend down Sherlock’s neck; tugging on his earlobe lightly before tracing a path along Sherlock’s clavicle. It eventually comes to rest on Sherlock’s pectoral, fingers splayed and softly cupping the muscle. The precise position of John’s thumb above the hardened nub of Sherlock’s nipple draws an unexpected shiver from Sherlock who finds himself wondering how in the last 30 odd years he has somehow managed to ignore their existence.
“The whole married to you work spiel. I think we both know now that isn’t true in the slightest, no matter how much you try to convince yourself and everybody else. You can’t sit here and act like you telling me about that posh git who broke your heart didn’t just happen….I’m not going to judge you for it you know? Wasn’t it you that said we’re all human? If you remember, I did once tell you…it’s all fine Sherlock.”
Sherlock looked at him for a long time. Not through him, simply at him. Tried to see him in a light that was easier and softer for him to bear. Sherlock Holmes did not do easy. But oh, he wanted to. For once, he did not want to observe, he wanted to
Sherlock put the eyeball down into his palm with caution. "If you had changed your mind two times, you would have come to the same mindset, so it wouldn't make a difference in the end. Do think, Doctor."
Applause was filling the room. Oh God, John just wanted it to stop. Suddenly, he felt something grabbing his hand, and then something far more cold taking his other hand, too. Now they were all holding hands, and bending forward to bow to the crowd, just like it was done at the end of a play. John's head grew heavy and dizzy as they forced him to bow with them again, applause filling his ears. Everything was breaking in on him at once. The sharp claws around his neck, the spiders, the numbness of his limbs and the knowledge that he was handing his weaknesses over on a silver platter to anyone who was willing to watch. He felt like vomiting, and they bowed down again.
when he’s feeling like it, and, of course,
Sally Donovan hurried to help him up and support his weight. "Here," she gave him a kerchief against the bleeding.
John finally took the hand he offered, and Sherlock slowly closed the distance between their personal spaces.
Somehow I think this is not nearly enough, but I won't put myself down because it doesn't help anyone... Excuses, excuses.
They smile at each other.
"I wonder what might be running through your clever head that prevents you from walking around and telling everyone what they're doing wrong."
Molly smiled sadly. There had been a time where she had wanted nothing more than to be among that
John looks surprised for a moment, frowning at him, but then a broad smile breaks this expression and only leaves something that makes Sherlock's heart grow and press against his rips. "Alright then," he whispers, his voice almost breathless. "You know where to find me." And with this, he retreats.
that. Yet he had walked these halls often enough, and he had never felt this uneasy. Cautiously, walking in a posture prepared to defend himself, he turned around the corner. But it was already too late.
After everyone had caught their breaths again and there was still no sign of Moriarty, one of the guards looked up between Sherlock and John. They had both lost their hats in the fight and chase.
Sharks.
And then, when he feels the thrilling electric sensation shoot down his spine-
What shook him, made him want to scream and shout the pain away forever, or what he had wished for on the day the vampyre's skull had swallowed the deadly silver while thrusting its teeth into John's skin hard enough to almost break bone. If it had been up to him, he would not sit here today. Death by duty. An honourable way to die, and the world could do without him.
What were the chances the door would not be locked? With his free hand John reached for the doorknob as his curiosity won him over once again. His fingers closed around the cold material, hesitating for a second. There was no turning back. The door whined quietly as he turned the knob and gave it a light push.
"Oh really? What a compliment!" John replied sarcastically. Secretly, he meant it.
There was something about Sherlock that made John suddenly understand why he did what he did. He had him on the edge of his seat with his story as if selling him an adventure. But Sherlock Holmes was not a salesman either. He was a consulting detective. The way he was sitting, the way he was moving, the cleverness of him. The long legs, now enfolded and spread in front of him, svelte fingers under his nose, this pair of blue eyes shining bright. This was his element. The crumbs he fed on, that gave him life, were made of death.
"What?"
Starting from his short dark blond hair where lots of grey strands are lurking through, fighting for a complete takeover, the colour has clearly brightened over the years. Sherlock can't tell if it might have been all the stress and the bad memories which have washed most of the gold away and replaced it with silver, but he shoves those ugly thoughts off him and decides that John's hair has never looked better. It is still wet and wild from the shower that has been taken. (Shower? Yes, obviously, very obvious – he's too slow).
"My dear Kate," she started, honest affection and a certain roguishness ringing in her voice. Her gaze then shifted to him and, to his own surprise, a smile pulled at her red-painted lips. "My, my … and who have you brought me here?"
John blushes impossibly deeper (which highlights his pretty blue eyes) and then has to turn away for a second to suppress a laugh. "Please don't ever use that word in this context ever again." Then, softer, "Yes. Yes it is. It's always been."
"It's complicated," Irene began.
- because honestly, everyone should be! - and a few Panic! at the Disco songs, which I am only mentioning because the band (hah, "band" aka Brendon Urie) is amazing and you should check them out. Oh, and the quote on the gravestone is, of course, from Oscar Wilde.
He let his fingers run over sharp cheekbones and down under his jawline. Yes.
John's hands are warm and a little rough. The thought alone, the thought of having them run up and down the back of his arse, the touch so light that it's almost like breath, sweetly blowing through thin short hairs on his thighs, thumbs just teasing the skin near his hole, alerting nerves, and the thought alone makes him shiver. But it turns out that actually feeling all of the thoughts his mind has spun for him coming to life makes him wince with pleasure. John is behind him, and even though Sherlock's face is hanging above his pillow, hands and legs supporting his weight to keep him in a position that he has only ever taken up in one of his wank fantasies before, he smells John. Sherlock is completely naked and dangerously exposed. He feels glorious.
"Yes," Sherlock replied and then paused for a second. "But she is better at it."
John’s grin broadens at the thought that this is something they can do now, something he has the privilege to promise him. That they have made it this far. That they could love and take and have and
"It was his dying wish," he took a major step forward and made sure to bury the tiniest sting of guilt he felt as he saw Lestrade swallowing at the reminder.
"The team? Since when is there a team?"
John licked his lips in anger and worry. "Tell me about the war."
He smiles, honestly. Wholeheartedly.
"Yes, I... I feel it. I can feel what she's doing. But I'm fine. Unlike the rest of them. Sherlock, what do we do?"
"Wait-"
They were standing so close that John's heart was pounding faster, the tension between them as stressed as the string of an instrument. His eyes dropped down to that full pair of lips and lingered there for a second too long. Could someone pluck that string?
She took off and disappeared in the shadows of the hall.
"Doctor!" He called without looking up. "I could use a second opinion."
"Status?"
"What? Go where?" He had thought that maybe Sherlock would not need him anymore after he had successfully escaped from the prison that was Irene's basement. Apparently, Sherlock had other plans for him … And he didn't know if he ought to feel flattered.
