“Run that by me again,” Dean says and crosses his arms. They’re standing in the living room. Dean had been clearing the table after dinner when Lisa told him.
"You didn't say, 'I love you,'" Cas tells him. "You said, 'I want you.' There's a difference."
"Please," Dean begged.
Fuck, fuck.
time! Not to say that your last band was bad, but this one is
The baby stops crying for just a second to look at me before crying again.
He looks up to see Dean staring at him tensely.
I blushed. "Because I've never felt like this before."
"Okay, sweetie," she said, grinning at him before taking Dean's menu.
Cas is unresponsive.
"I'm glad you're here."
Castiel stares. Does…was Dean going to eat Castiel’s favorite soup because it reminds Dean of him?
Castiel couldn't take it anymore and grabbed Dean's arm. "Dean."
Cas frowned, and his hand moved further up under Dean's shirt, the shirt getting pulled up with Cas' arm. "And you're cold."
"I do but—" Dean grabs Cas' hand, "—you mean more to me than just that. I want to do things right with you." Dean looks into Cas' eyes. He needs Cas to understand how much he means to him. Dean doesn't want to fuck this up. He can't fuck this up.
"M-maybe." Geez. Can he sound any weaker?
Dean tries to suppress the horrible sob he feels being wrenched from his chest, but fails miserably.
Dean walked to the bathroom and glanced at Cas in the mirror as he stepped inside. Cas was staring at him with an expression Dean had never seen on him before. Cas was chewing on his lower lip, and staring intently right where the towel fit on Dean. Dean closed the door before he misinterpreted
for it. His only goal was to keep his head down and work with Bobby. Cas was the first thing that changed his plan. It was the first time he can remember that he was really happy with someone. He thinks it was probably the first time he actually started to fall in love. And, for a short moment, it seemed like he was going to get it.
In a flurry of movement that was too fast for Dean to track, Cas managed to get Dean on his back and pin his hands above his head.
I keep my hand firmly on his shoulder to ground him. “Okay, just breathe. Slowly,” I instruct.
Lisa rolls her eyes before meeting his gaze. “Remember Gordon Walker?”
“You might want to put a shirt on.”
"It's okay, Dean."
“Oh. That’s not long. Where are you staying?”
used Jack’s name before when…
"Yes." Cas' frowned deepened. "What's going on?"
"It's okay, Dean," Castiel replies.
Dean felt Cas look at him, but Dean stared straight ahead. He couldn't look into Cas' eyes and lie right now. "I'm fine."
“Okay,” I say.
The smallest smile passes over Dean's lips. "I can walk you back."
“I’ve never had breakfast for dinner.”
Cas looks up earnestly and replies, "Yes." He's so genuine it takes Dean's breath away.
I don’t deserve this. Not even a little. But now that I have it, I’m not giving it up for anything.
"Huh?" Dean looked down and saw his hands were clutched onto Cas' shirt. Then he saw Cas was straddling him. Oh god. His breath hitched.
"It was like being in a djinn dream," Dean explained. He finally looked at Cas. "But it was the opposite. It was like everything was wrong." Dean looked away again and continued, "Sam was stuck suffering in the Cage, but I could feel it somehow. It's like I knew what was happening to him."
"I know it wasn't great but—"
Dean takes a step closer. "Because, to me," Dean stares, "it seems like you stopped using because of me."
Understandably, Cas looks confused.
Being in the middle isn’t a great spot, and the stage is a bit hard to see through all the tall people. There are some musicians onstage already playing warmups or something. Which is kind of weird. You’d think the concert would start all at once. The piano is at the front of the stage at the left, and Dean gets way too excited when he sees Cas walk over and sit down at it. He’s wearing a fucking tuxedo. He looks—well, frankly—he looks amazing.
“You practically raised Sam.”
The Impala has a flat tire. It’s a bad one. She’s already resting on the rim where the tire has deflated. It’s going to bend. Tears flood Dean’s eyes. Why does everything in his fucking life go terribly wrong? He takes a step forward. And, fuck. That really
And then Dean couldn't hold back anymore. He leaned in only a few inches and kissed Cas. His lips were soft, and he tasted like electricity. It was unlike anything Dean had ever experienced. He'd never been this riled up over just a kiss before either. He wanted more.
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asks from behind him.
Cas walks into Dean’s apartment while Dean is almost done with the grilled cheeses. He’s in a loose gray t-shirt and checkered pants. He’s breathtaking.
Castiel smiles. “Well, I appreciate the sentiment.”
"Dean—"
Dean closed his eyes. How could he talk to Cas when the problem
April frowns at him over her plate. Castiel had worked so hard on just a simple spaghetti and meatball meal. He thinks it’s okay, but April has barely touched her food. “What do you mean?” she asks. “You don’t want to have sex? Is something wrong with me?”
. Dean knew he had been acting reckless with the drinking lately, but he never intending on going out like that. His death needed to be dignified.
Castiel sighs. “Explain D&D to me, Dean.”
It instantly quiets and stares at me with wide eyes. Huh. Guess it just needs to be held.
Dean grins before opening a cabinet and grabbing a couple bowls. “Well, he better be, he’s graduating from Stanford in that picture.”
A few moments pass before Cas says, "We can share the bed if you're comfortable with that."
Wait, that sounds like—
“A surprise?”
Cas smiled softly. "Yes, it did." Then he looked at Dean. "What's wrong?"
Dean shook his head. "Nothing." It was quiet, and Dean looked away again before brushing past Castiel and walking up to the front of the car and getting inside. Castiel followed and got in the passenger side.
"Dean." Cas is holding out his hand.
Dean can feel how gross and crusty his face his. Tears and snot are drying on him, and his eyes feel puffy and dry. “Fuck,” he says. “I have to go to work.”
"No."
"No, they don't."
“Well, I’m not.”
“I’m trusting you,” Dean says with a dramatic eyebrow raise. But he means what he says. He’s trusted Cas with more than he has with anyone else. Even Lisa doesn’t know why Dean had gone to prison a few years ago.
Dean pulls his angel into a hug. "Exactly."
April gives him the check, and her brothers help her take the piano out. Castiel stares at the empty space on the wall for too long.
He'd never know how I felt about him. I knew I couldn't tell him. I was never good at saying how I felt. But I could show him. If I was going to die, I was going to kiss Castiel before I went. I looked up at him, and all the courage I felt two seconds ago melted away, but I'd hate myself if I went to my grave without him knowing. He met my gaze. My adrenaline picked up. I don't even think I felt this way about my first kiss.
"What the hell are you doing?" Dean says, appearing out of nowhere and quickly walking over to him.
But this brings Dean full circle. He lost Cas. One of the things holding Dean together
“Yes, that was my assumption.” He doesn’t even look at me, and I inwardly wince. Okay, yeah, he’s still pissed.
Dean’s heart is pounding wildly in his chest. He feels stupid about the gifts but also elated that Cas seems to like them. His mouth has a mind of its own when he says, “Yeah, of course. I mean, I had that keychain for like half the year, trying to think about when to give it to you.” Dean chuckles nervously. He did
Cas is lying on his side, with one of his arms outstretched where Dean was. His hair is messy, and he looks so at peace like this. Cas shifts again, but still doesn’t wake up. Dean wishes he could take a picture, but he’ll just have to settle on his memory. Dean quietly closes the door behind him and uses the restroom. He brushes his teeth just in case.
"You need to sleep."
“Yeah, Cas?”
Dean mirrors Castiel’s smile. “Awesome.” He looks down and squeezes their joined hands. “You’re gonna have to let go while I set up the bed.”
"It's not the same."
I freeze. “What?”
“Yes, I’d like that,” Castiel answers.
Dean's already gone this far. There's no turning back now. Might as well tell Cas everything. "You're all I ever wanted."
"What are you doing?" Cas asked but didn't take his arm off Dean.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean says. He turns to leave but suddenly turns back. “Um, actually, I, uh, I made some dinner that’s been sitting in the crockpot all day, but I think I cooked too much. Do you wanna come over and get some?” he asks then quickly adds, “You don’t have to if you don’t want to.”
“Alright, alright,” Mary says. “Merry Christmas. It was nice meeting you, Castiel.”
"Oh, yeah?" Marco replied.
"Hugging you."
Castiel runs a hand through his hair and blinks a few times. He really should get glasses. He sets his cup down on the kitchen table and opens his door. He probably should’ve looked through the peephole first.
“You can just say you don’t like me,” April says.
"I mean, yeah. You're an angel. Wasn't even sure if you
knows that
Castiel grunts grumpily and closes and locks his door. “Let’s go.” He brushes past Dean.
"Red always reminds me of you," Cas suddenly says.
"It's freezing."
bad. But Dean doesn’t…he isn’t good enough. Sam has already done
. Never has he felt just how much someone cares about him in a kiss. And the way Cas cares for him...he doesn't deserve it.
"Do you remember me telling you to sober up?"
Castiel brings April over for dinner. What can he say? His dream inspired him.
So, yeah, we share a bed now. Cas doesn’t get nightmares when we share.
“I…” Cas sighs again. “I don’t know.” His shoulders slump.
They were so close now that Dean could feel Cas' body heat. It was nice, and Dean wanted more. He wondered what it would feel like to hold Cas' hand. Intertwine their fingers. Maybe even rest his head on Cas' shoulder. ...Jesus Christ this was getting bad.
Cas hums. “I don’t regret anything.”
Dean Winchester is Castiel’s upstairs neighbor. They bumped into each other when Castiel was moving in. It was very generous of Dean to help Castiel finish moving all of his boxes in. It also doesn’t hurt that Dean’s the most attractive man Castiel has ever seen. He’s fit, got nice hair, and has these beautiful green eyes that always find a way to draw Castiel in. Even in his mechanic uniform right now, Dean is gorgeous.
Dean shuffles his feet. “Yeah, well, I thought I’d get you some for the off season. I went the last day the market was open. It should still be good. It shouldn’t expire for like two years.”
I glance at the clock, and any sympathy I had for Cas is immediately replaced with anger. Are you serious? It’s almost 2:30am, and Cas is calling me about something that isn’t really an issue. “Don’t see how that’s
“Come to bed.”
The realization hits him like a freight train, and Dean’s breath gets caught in his throat. A few more instruments have started playing along with Cas now, but the piano is still the main sound filling the air. Dean furiously blinks at the sudden tears in his eyes. Is he seriously tearing up over
Castiel forces his body to relax, but his mind remains restless. He’s in that state just before sleep where consciousness and dreams mix. He’s aware he’s in his room, but his thoughts are ethereal, and time is slipping.
"Dean?"
"Never mind."
It was raining outside when Dean pulled into the small gas station. It was a slight drizzle, just enough to make everything gray and wet. The gas station lights reflected on the pavement. Dean and Sam had gone up against a family of witches. The witches had captured Dean and put him in some sort of dream state. All Castiel knew was Sam had been working for three days to find him. After Dean dropped Sam off at their hotel to sleep, Dean had called Castiel. Castiel wasn't sure why. Dean didn't say much besides a brief summary on what had happened. He assumed Dean would explain at some point.
"What are you doing here, Dean?" The way he drew out Dean's name made Dean shiver.
"Dean..." Cas began. "No one else touches me like you do...and when you...when you do, I feel—I feel good." His cheeks turned pink. "I don't know what I'm saying."
Cas brings them to the movies, and Dean wants to kiss him again. Cas insists that Dean pick what they’re going to watch, so he does. Dean says he isn’t hungry for popcorn, but Cas buys a large and says they can share. The movie is mediocre, but Dean keeps bumping hands with Cas while they eat popcorn, so that makes the experience great. He knows he sounds like a touch-starved virgin, but Cas is
Dean feels stupid, and his brain is too fuzzy from bawling his eyes out to think of anything else to say, so he just stares at Cas’ hands while he cleans Dean up. Cas has nice hands. Delicate and smooth, but also strong. Dean wants to hold them. Cas finishes washing Dean’s hand and grabs the Neosporin and some band-aids.
Dean held his breath and waited in anticipation for the angel. Nothing. Dean rolled his eyes. Typical.
Dean continues, “The kid, the baby, it wasn’t—it was never mine. It belongs to some douchebag she met in high school.” Dean can’t look at Cas, so he glares out the window. No more tears come. He feels like he’s cried them all out. He feels…he’s just
Dean's head snapped up in Sam's direction. "What did you say?"
Castiel frowned. "What do you mean?"
Cas smiles at him, wide and bright.
Dean is jittery the entire drive to the concert with a strange nervous energy. But he can’t figure out why he’s nervous. It’s just Cas. He’s going to be happy to seen Dean. Right? Uh, oh. But before he can manage to fall into that spiral of thoughts, he’s there. He gets out of his car and already hates it. Everyone in the parking lot is dressed up. It all just brings back bad memories. He wishes he was in Vermont. Dean takes in a deep breath before getting out of his car.
Castiel looks up and is immediately suspicious. He studies Dean's expression, but he can't tell what Dean is thinking. Why does Dean want to know? Castiel doesn't want Dean to worry about him, so he lies. "Fine," Castiel says. "How are you?"
There’s silence, and Castiel thinks Dean hung up. But then he says,
And, no, Dean is not fine. Not in the slightest. He squeezes his eyes shut to try and stop the new wave of tears from spilling over, but it doesn’t work. They stream down his face like he’s a baby. He bites his lip to stop from making noise and tastes blood. Dean feels Cas place on the last band-aid and hears the first-aid kit snap shut. He opens his eyes. Everything is blurry. He can’t stop crying.
Dean shrugged casually. "Nothing much." He looked pointedly at Marco. "Looking for something fun to do."
Dean looks up. Quickly, Cas leans in and brushes his lips against Dean's. It barely lasts a second.
"Sorry," Cas says, blushing. "I just, um, I don't know why I did—"
Cas hums. "It is one of the best I've ever had," he agrees and takes a long drink.
A few hours later, they’re both laying on the couch, Cas with his back leaning against Dean’s chest with Dean’s arms tight around him. Cas is now sporting Dean’s shirt, and Dean’s pretty sure every single of one his neighbors is going to complain about the noise he and Cas had been making for almost three hours (on Christmas, no less), but he honestly doesn’t give a single fuck. He’s
Dean is stunned. That’s not what he was expecting to hear. Cas’ ability to be so upfront about things always manages to catch Dean off-guard. “I missed you, too,” he says.
Shit. Dean hadn't thought about that. He'd be pissed if Sam went out in such a stupid, careless way. He could only imagine Sam would feel the same, even if they were at odds with each other right now.
Now Dean and Cas are sitting against the empty wall of the dirty dance floor. Music is still playing, and it echoes across the empty room, making the moment feel ethereal. Miscellaneous wedding decorations and napkins litter the floor. A lone broken high heel lays near the edge of the dance floor. Dean takes a swig of a champaign bottle and passes it to Cas. Cas doesn't have his shoes on for some reason. He said it was easier to dance without them or something. He takes a drink from the champaign bottle. His white dress shirt is unbuttoned a few buttons on the top. His suit jacket disappeared hours ago. His hair is messy. He looks so good as a human. Cas hands the bottle back to Dean.
“I’ll call someone to tow this. We can bring it to the junkyard now if you want to take out everything you have in it, if that sounds good.”
. Happier than he’s felt in a long, long time. Maybe ever.
3am! No way. It was just 9pm. Dammit. No way he can get laid now. Cas sighs. He was really looking forward to that.
Cas took the bottle but set it on the nightstand instead of drinking any.
Dinner with Dean soon becomes the highlight of Castiel’s day. They complain about work, but it’s usually Castiel who does most of that. Dean likes his job. He really likes his boss Bobby. Bobby is kind, and Dean said “Bobby sort of got me back on track,” but Castiel isn’t quite sure what that means. He knows Dean has a past, but he doesn’t care. The man is kind, and, well, sexy, so who cares about the past? Dean asked Castiel about his family once. Castiel clammed up about it, so Dean never asked again. Castiel appreciates it more than Dean knows.
Cas frowns. "I'm always high."
Dean glared at the angel. "I swear we need to get you a bell or something, so you'll stop giving me heart attacks."
"It's the batter," Dean explains. He's not really sure if that clarifies anything for the angel, but he doesn't really care. He takes off the second whisk. "It still tastes good."
Castiel holds his breath in anticipation. But nothing. Dean doesn’t even acknowledge the message. Well,
He grabbed the back of Cas' head and pulled Cas fully on top of him. Dean now lay completely on the asphalt, but he didn't care. He wanted to be as close to Cas as possible. Dean wanted to erase all those times where they had barely touched with something so much better.
Cas misses it again. Then Dean realizes he was talking about
“I am not.”
Christine quickly wrote it down on her notepad. "And for your cute friend?" She turned to Cas.
Dean cleared his throat. Obviously. "Right." He glanced at the guy. "Sorry," he said sheepishly and pushed him away.
Cas sighed. "No. It would hardly do anything for me."
"I like you too, Cas," Dean replied. He didn't want to say anything else, because he did
dramatic, but the last thing Dean wants to do is go back to his own dark room and pointlessly try to sleep. He knows he won’t be able to sleep until 4am like he has been, and all he’ll be able to do is miss a baby that was never his and replay holding hands with Cas until it drives him insane, and then it will be time for him to go to work.
“So why South Dakota?”
The loneliness Dean had tried to forget yesterday was back. He needed to get his mind off of it. "Any word from Sam?"
Dean chuckles wryly at the floor. “I forgot how blunt you are.” He looks up at Castiel. “Yeah, I’m just a little stressed, you know? My girlfriend’s pregnant, so it’s…it’s a lot.”
He didn't want Cas to think this was a big deal to Dean. Because objectively, it wasn't. Sex was meaningless to Dean.
"I didn't think you were coming."
It’s kind of exciting at first because the band sounds
Where was Sam?
. It slips out of my hands and smashes onto the floor. Sauce is everywhere.
“Cool. I’ll see you then.”
Dean was finally in a good mood. The bar near their motel was surprisingly decent. It had good music, but it also helped that Dean had one too many drinks. So that meant everything was just a little funnier. He was well past the stage of being buzzed and dangerously tipsy. He and Sam had gotten into a little fight earlier, so he was solving it the only way he knew. Alcohol. He took another couple shots against his better judgment. Hey, the more alcohol he was drinking, the better his mood was getting, so why not?
Dean's heart was beating so furiously he was sure Cas could hear it. Dean didn't know what to say, so he moved his hand off of Cas' hip and gently cupped Cas' face. "Does this feel good?" Dean asked. It came out as a whisper.
I visit the cabin once it’s finished. Cas sent Sam a grocery list. But Sam was on a Hunt with Eileen, so Sam sent the list to me. I bought all the stuff Cas wanted. I honestly think the industrial pack of diapers is a bit overkill, but whatever.
"I'm not on anything."
"Then why do you say you're fine when you're not?"
Castiel can’t help but smile. Dean really is quite kind. “I would actually really appreciate that. I am terrible at cooking.”
"You okay?" Dean asked.
Something warm touched my arm, and I opened my eyes to see Cas staring at me, his blue eyes filled with concern.
Oh, no. Cas is gonna kill me.
Dean's heartrate spikes, and he jerks his head up.
"Yes?"
Fuck.
. Do you hear me?” He jabs a finger in her face.
"You're not going out on missions hopped up on this shit, are you?"
Castiel blinks up in surprise. Garth smiles reassuringly, and Castiel takes the sheet music. He stares down at it. It’s not the most difficult thing he’s ever played. He can learn this by Christmas time. He looks back up, and Garth is still smiling.
"I can't believe he knew this whole time," Dean muttered.
misinterpreting this, oh my god, Cas, I'm so sor—"
"You okay, Cas?" Dean asks.
Cas waves to Dean for Dean to get closer. Dean leans down towards Cas.
“I’m fine.” He takes another breath. “I called to let you know it’s going to take more than three weeks for my hand to heal.”
“Seriously,” Mary says. “He’s happy with you in his life. If you break his heart, I will kill you.”
I look down, and the stupid baby is smiling at me again, still reaching for me. It makes a small, excited noise and wiggles its fingers. I bring it to my chest again.
He didn't like the wounds Sam had appeared with. He also didn't like how he had appeared with
He knows he’s being a little dramatic, but he’s entitled, okay?
"Huh?"
Cas blinks. “Merry Christmas.” He finally looks up at Dean and smiles softly.
He couldn't let Cas know he had...feelings...or whatever for him. That was something he buried deep down, but it was all threatening to come out. Shit. What was happening? Everything was still spinning, and things kept happening that took Dean too long to register.
And then he got high. And hot damn. It's like getting drunk but easier, and it lasts longer. There are a few differences in getting high versus getting drunk, but mostly it made him feel happier—and more importantly—made him forget his situation. Becoming human. The Apocalypse. Dean hardly noticing him anymore. None of it mattered.
pretty sneaky,” Cas says and turns his Jeep on.
"What's happening?" Dean asked breathlessly. He kept his eyes closed. He knew seeing the intensity in Cas' gaze would only send him spiraling back.
"Thank you for coming back for me."
? His heart wasn't beating as fast anymore, but he couldn't lie to himself and say he wasn't upset.
Cas just ruined it. "...Dean?"
You know what? Fuck it. He was having a good time, and this guy was hot. It had been a while since Dean had been with anyone, let alone another guy... Dean shoved that thought away and winked at the man sitting next to him.
"Sam?" Dean asked and sat up.
"Yeah."
"Is this real?"
"Dean," Cas says more firmly and tugs on his hand. Dean doesn't let go. "Don't do this."
"Alright. I'm going to get you some water, okay?" Dean says. His voice is tight with concern.
"Don't apologize. Are you okay?"
“Dean’s talked about me?” Mary asks in surprise.
Cas’ brow furrows. “You did?”
and less Angel of the Lord.
Dean swallowed. "Sorry."
Castiel is lying in bed after April had visited. They had sex of course. But April never stays the night. Is that weird? He closes his eyes and covers his face in embarrassment even though no one can see him. He tries to imagine what Meg would say. But her memory is too distant, and he doesn’t want to put words in her mouth that she’d never say. He misses her.
Dean smiles. “Okay, awesome.” He sounds relieved.
Dean gapes at him.
Castiel is a bit surprised, but he doesn’t have dinner planned. He hates cooking. He’s never been able to get the hang of it and somehow always burns
"You can always talk to me."
An awkward silence stretches between them, and Castiel traces the dips of the wooden table with his index finger.
It was a simple gesture, but one of the kindest things anyone had ever done for Dean. Or one of the best that Dean could think of right now. Who else would do this? Cas always went out of his way for Dean.
Sam being gone. Dean was sick of fighting his brother and would do anything to have Sam with him right now. He missed him. And he was sick of always feeling confused around Cas. Why couldn't he be normal and just set his feelings straight? And then, of course, there was himself. Sam wouldn't be gone because of him. Dean wouldn't have these weird feelings with Cas if he'd shoved them down properly in the first place. But he didn't say all that. Instead, Dean glanced up at Cas. The angel was staring down at him in concern.
"Bite me."
Cas looks up at him, and Dean realizes Cas finished healing him and brings his hand closer to look at it. It's all better.
"Don't feel obligated to…to sleep in the same bed as me or hold my hand like this just because I love you."
Then Dean remembers to speak. "Oh, uh, yeah."
“I-I didn’t mean to kiss you. I… Dean, please don’t let this ruin everything.”
"Nothing."
There was a pause, and for a moment, I forgot the cold and could only feel his touch. Then I realized just how close our faces were. If I leaned in a little... But I couldn't. He was my best friend. I wasn't going to ruin that.
"Got any other ideas?" Dean asked.
“He needs skin-to-skin contact. It was supposed to be—” She gasps for air again.
Dean shrugs. “Not much. Well, cooking, but you know that.”
Cas suddenly whips his head in Dean’s direction. “Is she still here?”
Dean grabs Cas by the shirt and pins him against the wall.
“Mmmhmm. Goodnight.”
During today's meeting, one of the women was giving him bedroom eyes. Cas made a point to memorize where she went, so he could come by later. He's trying to rush over to her now, so he can still remember before the drugs—or
"Okay," Dean says and turns away. He walks to the door but stops. He looks back at Cas. There's...something written on his face, but Cas can't make it out through the high. "Get some rest, Cas." Dean leaves and shuts the door behind him.
Dean spun around and stumbled as he tried to gain his balance. He squinted at the figure in front of him. It was just some guy. A hunter maybe?
leftovers.”
Dean slowly moves his injured hand in Cas' direction. Cas gently grabs Dean's hand with both of his. Cas' hands are warm and soft. Dean glances up at his face while he heals him. Dean wants to hold hands for real.
"I noticed, Dean," Cas said.
“It’s not yours,” Lisa repeats firmly, her gaze unwavering.
Dean grinned. "You're right. You're fucking adorable."
He saw Cas last night? He wracked his brain for the memory, but couldn't find it. Shit. He hoped he hadn't said anything stupid.
Sam shied away from his touch. "Uh, that hasn't been in…
He'd never know.
If Dean wasn't still blushing from two seconds ago, he would've blushed again. "Shut up," he said quickly. He frowned as he approached his brother. "But, seriously, are you okay? You look like hell."
"I don't want to move," Cas says.
Castiel sleepily smiles up at Dean. Dean’s in pajamas now, too. Castiel mourns the loss of the exposed skin, but decides it’s okay because of how
“It’s… I’m sorry, I know it’s late, but it’s Jack.”
Dean shifted on his feet, and put his hands on his hips. His eyes fell on Castiel. "It's because I like you, Cas. And someone else got to you first." His eyes momentarily flicked down to their feet before he continued, "And they made you happier than I can."
"You can sleep, Dean," Cas said. "I'll be right here and wake you up if you have a nightmare."
Cas groans and covers his face. "My body is struggling to get there, but yes." He removes his hands to see Dean staring. This is so embarrassing. Fuck it. He's definitely getting high tonight after this. "Whatever," he mumbles. "This isn't worth it."
We were close again. I realized I was staring at his lips and quickly looked down at our hands.
And the smile on Dean's face tells Cas he means it. And that everything is going to be ok. More than ok. Things are going to be
"He'll be okay."
Cas grins and looks up. “I love it.”
Lisa grins. She’s so beautiful. Dean’s so weak for her. “Can I meet you here when you get off?” she asks.
“Cas,” I say firmly. And I guess it’s because I’m tired, and I’ve been living with him for months without touching him like I want to, and we just kissed, and raising Jack with him has fulfilled every domestic fantasy I’ve ever had, so the words just slip out. “I love you.”
Dean rolled his eyes and picked his menu back up, but he wasn't mad. He glanced at Cas over the top of his menu and hoped he'd stay for breakfast.
"No!" It was desperate and clingy. Dean inwardly cringed. He cleared his throat. "I mean, I don't want you to leave."
Dean’s going to have to do this alone.
"Dean, what's wrong?"
, but Castiel doesn’t know what it is. His adrenaline is making his heartbeat roar in his ears.
sex. Maybe he can have something better than what he had with Lisa. Dean doesn’t think Cas would leave him if he got arrested.
cares. And, goddammit, Dean can feel tears welling up in his eyes again.
Cas feels an arm grab one of his. He looks up at Dean.
A comfortable silence lapses between them. The music is still playing. Dean closes his eyes.
"Dean?" Cas asked softly. Dean stepped away. He hadn't even heard Cas walk up next to him. "I think I know what you mean," Cas continued.
said you were pregnant with
“I’m fine,” Dean says.
"Want to watch tv?" Dean asked but grabbed the remote and turned on the tv before Cas could answer.
"I love you, too." It was soft and so...genuine. Was this actually happening? And did Cas mean it? Or was he saying it to please the drunk?
They stare again before Dean clears his throat. “See you around.” Dean brushes past Castiel.
Oh. He heard that, too. How much was Dean saying aloud? "I'm a little drunk," Dean admitted. Maybe this would absolve his behavior tonight, and they can go on like it never happened.
.” Cas sounds tired. Even more so than usual. My heart clenches.
“I think it’s a good idea Cas is getting the cabin refurbished to raise Jack.”
It sounded like some fairytale bullshit, but Dean would take it. He took a deep breath to calm down. This was enough feeling for today. He sat up.
Dean smiles. “Awesome. See you in a little bit.”
“Really?” Castiel asks and wanders further into the kitchen. “I doubt that.”
Maybe that's why he treasures the little moments like this. These quiet moments of happiness are something Dean rarely has...especially with Cas. They're always racing from one thing to the next, never really having time for themselves. It's one of the biggest regrets in Dean's life. He wants to spend more time with Cas. ...More time alone with him.
Now what? A drink. He needed a drink. Dean glanced over at the nightstand where Cas had placed the bottle of whiskey the night before. It was gone.
The song ends, and the audience erupts in thunderous applause.
“Shit, Cas.” I grab both of his shoulders and kneel beside the couch. “I’m sorry. I’m just concerned, okay?”
It’s not like Castiel has anyone he can call to talk to about all of this. He has his orchestra friends, but they’re more acquaintances than friends. Dean had been his only real friend. Why is it so
It stares at me while continuing to cry.
"I haven't!" Dean denied. Cas was getting dangerously close now.
It stops him from thinking and keeps him busy and feeling useful.
at least.
? "That you lo—" His voice cracks. He furiously blinks back tears. "You said that, right?"
"No, uh, more to the left," Dean says.
Cas leans in close and whispers in Dean's ear, "Quick and dirty. We can pretend it never happened."
Castiel reluctantly takes the jacket off. "Dean." He holds the jacket out to him.
Dean shrugs and takes another sip. The oven beeps.
a bad flat tire. Dean tries to swallow down the sob forcing its way up his throat, but it’s as if the floodgates that have been holding back his emotions have swung completely open, releasing every single thing he should’ve been feeling for the past few weeks. Dean makes a strangled noise and suddenly turns around and punches the wall of the apartment complex as hard as he can.
"Huh?"
A pang of jealousy hits Castiel in the chest. It’s uncalled for. “Are you excited?”
he’s feeling the embarrassment. Fuck this.
Castiel steps out of his truck and pulls the jacket around him. It covers the cast on his hand, which he’s grateful for. The less questions the better. He slams the door angrily and walks over to the apartment complex.
“Yeah, I’m hoping so. My friend Charlie is the Dungeon Master for it and convinced me to play it.”
"Dean." It's soft and low.
"Oh."
"You don't remember?"
“Wanna come over for dinner?”
"I suppose."
Castiel knows Dean is going to leave for about a month. Objectively, he knows that isn’t a lot of time, but they’ve grown so close, that Castiel knows he’s going to miss Dean every second he’s gone. Castiel is completely head over heels in love with Dean. Of course Dean doesn’t know this. Castiel knows everything that has happened with Lisa is still fresh, so he won’t push Dean into anything. Besides, Dean doesn’t seem interested in Castiel. Dean hasn’t made a move, and if nothing has happened between them at this point, it never will. But Castiel doesn’t mind. He enjoys all his time spent with Dean, even if they’ll never be anything more than friends.
I shrug in an attempt to seem nonchalant. “Guess he grew on me.”
"What?" Cas asks hoarsely.
"Oh."
Oh, shit. I’ve really done it now.
Cas glares, but there's a small smile on his lips. Not like Dean is staring at his lips or anything.
Cas sighed. "We're getting nowhere."
"No, I'm fine." Dean handed the keys to Sam, avoiding eye contact, his cheeks red from embarrassment.
Cas freezes, his hand still gripping the front of Dean's shirt. "Is something wrong?"
Dean continues to stare. He refuses to believe it. This
Cas blinked at him like a deer caught in headlights.
Dean looks away. “Sam, I—”
"What?" Dean asked.
Cas feels his cheeks heat up. Yup, he hasn't felt that in a while. "Thanks."
"Oh, yeah," Cas says nonchalantly. "That's what I'm on."
Sam giggled at Dean's shame. "Uh, yeah, I do."
"What?" Dean asked. "Did you change your mind?" He held the bottle out to Cas.
So when Cas says that he’s practicing for a concert, Dean all but jumps out of his chair in excitement. This is it. This is Dean’s chance to show Cas how much he likes his piano playing. Dean thinks he’s being subtle about asking when and where the concert is. Cas doesn’t seem to guess Dean’s ulterior motive. But now Dean regrets everything. He’s standing in front of the mirror. The guy he’s looking at is trying too hard.
Dean looked at Cas again. "What the hell are you talking about?" Getting drunk wasn't selfish. It was only harmful to himself.
Cas' eyes flashed with...disappointment? But it barely lasted a second, so Dean wasn't even sure if he saw it. Cas spoke, "You were a mess."
“Hey,” Dean says quietly while shaking Castiel awake.
Dean shrugs. “Some people don’t like my cooking.”
But, oh boy. He will only sink lower.
"I just wanted to... I felt... Never mind. You can go if you want." Dean didn't look at him. His shoulders were tense as he watched the Impala fill with gas.
"I couldn't find anything here. We need to get you back to Sam. I'm sure we can find something if we keep looking," Cas said.
I freeze. I slowly look up to see where Jack is sitting in his high-chair next to the kitchen island facing me. Uh, oh. He didn’t just… He’s
“The table is in the living room,” Dean says and hands Castiel a bowl.
Cas rolls his eyes and steps outside. “It was annoying trying to keep the suit and trench coat clean while taking care of a baby.” He slips into a pair of flip flops on the porch I didn’t notice before. “I don’t expect you to understand.”
"...You're sober?"
"You're not. You never are."
Dean looked away again. He chewed on his lip as if deciding whether to continue or not. He eventually did. "It was because you were happy without me." He swallowed and still refused to look at Castiel. "You were with someone else, and they made you happier than I've ever seen you."
After all, Dean has wanted to be a father for a long, long time. But after getting involved in John’s shit and going to prison, he gave up on that dream. Sometimes he’d let himself imagine what it’d be like to be a dad before he went to bed, but he never actually let himself
“Well see, our evil captor man has no kryptonite we’ve been able to find.”
Cas shot him a look, choosing to continue to ignore the amateur porn currently paused on his laptop. “Dean, I am very accepting but I am not engaging in a Daddy Kink scene with you.”
Cas bent down slowly and looked the dog in the eyes. “When I was thrown out of the Empty I came back completely the same. This body had been remade, but I’d been left in a place I’d never been, and my clothes were all new.”
“And I take it you’re from a time when you… when you can’t do that.”
“Look, you might have given up on yourself enough to end up stuck in here with me. But I
He wasn’t thrashing anymore, just floating. Maybe he’d just keep floating if he stopped moving.
“No,” Dean snapped. “But, give it over.”
“You don’t get to give up like this,” he said, and, with no further warning, he leaned right over Dean to grab the steering wheel. Though Dean tried, there was absolutely nothing he could do to stop the strength of that grip. No warning placement of his hand on Cas’s arm was going to hold him back this time.
Sam had come out to save his brother. He hadn’t wanted to see him get left behind again one more time.
When they’d joked about swapping lives she hadn’t intended to meet the family. But then… she hadn’t expected the family in question to look so… cute.
Gone were Cas’s friendly, if odd, blue eyes. These felt like they belonged on the Terminator.
He spoke anyway. “…you warned em.”
“That makes sense,” Cas heard himself say. “But I don’t know if I’m going to be able to relax enough to make this work. I - ” he laughed, physically pained by the irony of it all. “I want to live, Dean. So, I’m stressed about dying. But I… well, I need to.”
If the lopsided grin he was wearing now meant anything, Dean seemed to be sharing that relief. “Alright, well you can bet I’m serious about this. When the world quits acting so nuts? No more living together. I don’t think we do each other any good.”
“So, this favour,” Cas said, almost immediately after Dean put the key back in the ignition.
“Nobody stays the same. But, old you is still in there. So, of course not.”
“Yeah?”
Crossing his arms tightly across his chest to keep him back from taking hold of Cas and shaking him into opening up, Sam hissed out a long breath. “Does he know who killed those people last year?”
And he’d woken up covered in blood.
1:45 and the announcement came through on the tannoid that the library would be closing in fifteen minutes, and could everyone still using the facilities start closing down their machines… That was when Dean started to panic. He
He’d drank Jody dry himself but he still felt more guilt over letting Cas take the mark.
(It was Fresh Mint, and it stained the shower a horrible acid green colour.)
“So I went down to the teller like you said…”
prequels with you.”
It wasn’t even all grief driving him to stand to his feet – some of this feeling was rage, Sam knew, recognising that fire in him like an old enemy, an old friend. Dean had looked almost peaceful, almost accepting of it all.
“You’re quick,” Victor said flatly to Dean, before adding, as Dean opened his mouth, “But if you make one crack speculating about what I might currently be hung like, and I’m afraid we can’t be friends.”
“Nearly took my finger off the other day,” Dean pointed out.
Cas sighed so hard Dean thought the cage bars might rattle. “I don’t know. Maybe.” Then he met Dean’s eyes again. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Waiting what out?”
“Not got much worth stealing at any rate.”
Dean stopped moving about ten paces away from the front door, which had a small bridge of uneven cement blocks above the strange skinny moat. In the movie, Dean was pretty sure that this had caved in on the first girl who’d tried to escape and crushed her one of her legs grotesquely – which wasn’t even the way she’d died.
which Dean could get jumpy over?
“I’ve probably been half in love with you since Anna introduced us. I just got used to knowing that it wasn’t ever going to be
And now Eileen was here and Dean was continuing to stay out of the way.
But then, maybe she needed to quit jumping to conclusions.
“I think you’ve enjoyed being in ‘em before, but you’d
Cas squinted suspiciously as he joined Dean on the couch, cereal bowl in hand. “I don’t think it’s supposed to go that quickly.”
“One More Step and you’re all dead. You understand that?”
“Well, why would you think I’d let you?”
lol one day this might get finished
At Dean’s slow sidelong glance at him, Crowley nodded. To his credit, for once Crowley didn’t seem interested in making a joke of this.
“You asked what I was, before. That was it. Diminished, of course, but…”
His errand took a lot longer than Sam had thought it would, so he’d been almost a full day away from the bunker when he rushed back in.
“Look, he’s not doing so good -”
“It’s cheering the place up. Festively.”
Cas didn’t turn. “Shut up. I’m not really watching it.”
Cas continued to say nothing, and looked away as he picked up the bottle and brought it to his own lips.
“You’re not going in alone, Sam,” Cas told him, lifting his rifle meaningfully. The man had a rather aggravating tendency towards self-sacrifice, and Cas had learned the hard way not to give him any opportunity to indulge in it.
He recognised the man – he bunked a few rows along from Dean. They’d never spoken.
“Dean?”
Cas wanted to point out, but he hadn’t expected that Dean would have so much he was willing to say about this and he was reluctant to interrupt him.
“Maybe you should reach out to Jack about it. Is that all of your questions?”
About thirty minutes later they were sat at Dean’s kitchen table, struggling their way through the charred offerings.
“Ha…” Dean paused to gasp. “Ha. Fuck you.”
have super strength.
He wiped the back of his hand roughly over his eyes.
When they stopped for coffee and donuts, Cas felt relief that Dean didn’t try to take his phone with him. In fact, he didn’t touch it on the whole drive home, like he was afraid that even touching it would sting him.
“Singer and Turner,” muttered Dean. “Fuck. Bobby Singer. You’re Singer?”
, I’m her uncle. And thirdly, I may have introduced you, because that was situationally the polite thing to do at a
“Damn right.”
Dean meets new friends.
Taking his hand off the dog, Dean sat back on his heels, face shutting down. “Sam…”
“Hello,” Cas said.
Sam joined Eileen on a hunt about a week after Dean’s death, leaving Dean alone in the bunker with just Miracle for the first time. Dean gave up on not letting the dog sleep on the bed by night two. By night three, because though they’d handled the banshee easily enough Sam had decided to stick around and celebrate, Dean took Miracle on a long walk in the dark and found himself in a patch of trees, almost as tall as the ones in Purgatory had been.
“What?”
“No.” Dean swallowed. He’d had all time to get this right, and still, he felt like those vamps back there had taken his tongue too. “You saved me again.”
“Well, you’d think, wouldn’t you?” Ruby pulled a face. “But it turns out you mostly just realise how fucking pathetic you are.”
“What do you see, bo – fuck, I’m not saying that,” Dean grumbled, clutching the dog lead a little tighter as he looked around.
“Still smiling, ain’t I?”
…Or maybe the house had a ghost? Old British buildings were haunted all the time, right?
Dean looked up. The easy thing with the two of them was that every time he’d worried about how something he’d say was going to be received, every time he was scared of fucking up, Cas was right there being nervous with him, delighted to find Dean on the same page. Dean looked up, not needing to hear his words echoed back at him, but expecting to see at least the sentiment reflected in Cas’s eyes.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, I mean less than we see Mom, but nobody cut ties or anything. We catch a ball game or a wrestling match together about twice a year. It’s just kinda weird, he’s got his new family, and they’re happy.”
Dean beamed like a kid with a rosette on his chest. “I know,” he said, mouth still full.
“Is something wrong?”
“I should have known you had a tragic backstory,” she muttered to Sam after following him through to the pantry – because he had a fucking pantry room – to help grab the dessert she seemed to be joining them for.
“Think they got a generator downstairs,” Dean mumbled when Cas remarked on it again. He didn’t remember deciding to start leaning on Cas instead of his end of the couch. But he’d spent all his time as a monster doing exactly what felt right, and Dean was just so tired of pretending this wasn’t that.
Great. Of course, his laptop was haunted as well as virus-ridden.
Dammit ok, so maybe the whole not getting any work done thing was a little bit Dean’s fault. He’d been in the library eight hours already, and it was already hard enough to concentrate when he was sitting down so long riding so much of a necessary caffeine high, and that was before the cute guy in the blue showed up.
“Just get out, Cas. You love me, that’s great, that’s whatever. But you’re a good year too late.”
“We don’t, Dean, because I still have no idea. Just because you now fear for your brother when you didn’t before doesn’t change anything about our situation. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have told you.”
Sam forced himself to stand his ground. This was new territory for him. He’d killed a lot of monsters in his time with Dean out in the wastes. He’d rarely stopped to have a conversation with one, and an awful fight/flight response was threatening to overwhelm him. “You can have the kids. We’re keeping Dean.”
him, and that meant the world.
“Hey, Cas.”
“Why, we would, of course.”
“You think the
And if Dean got there and found that there wasn’t any Sam or Benny waiting for him down there then he could just slip up one day and follow them into nothingness. It was starting to sound peaceful, nothingness. Dean had existed for so long now and died so many times and whatever he did it was never the finish line. They’d beaten so many monsters, so many gods, and still they never got to win a happy ending, or even an ending. Nothing they’d done had been enough.
Somewhere behind him, there was a small gust of wind that hit his back along with the familiar sound of wings.
It felt like a pass or fail question. “No. I did sometimes when I was little – my granny used to like teaching me.”
The bright light shining out of Cas’s eyes as he descended on them didn’t look like it had ever been human.
Cas snorted softly. “No, I didn’t. I just. They wanted to hurt you and I… I snapped. You had it right before. At least you kill to survive. I’m just -”
“It’s been a few seasons,” Dean said cautiously. “Have you got enough comfort that I’m happy yet? Can I leave?”
“I mean. The closest strip club’s a twenty minute drive away.”
“Did you stay up all night?”
“It’s just… well, after you left last night, and we got into this whole big discussion about it. It’s his co-director – Turner? He really misses him, like really
“You’re a super powerful warrior of God guy, I get it. I can’t make you help me. But I’m gonna get out of this fucking cage and this creepy fucking fanfare before I end up as sad and pathetic as you.”
“So you gonna try tutoring options ag -” Dean’s voice got caught off by another violent cough that almost caused him to whack his own face with a spatula.
“…I guess I wish he knew that. Before.”
He turned out to be right, but not for any of the reasons he’d hoped.
Benny shrugged. Dean remembered ifs and buts and maybes had never really been words that had fit into their vocabulary. They weren’t people who sat around thinking or feeling their way through life – they just did things, and maybe that was always who they’d been.
“…arriving in London Heathrow…”
“Well, I’m surprised it took you that long to get to that one.”
Defeated, Dean laid his head back down on the couch, shivering slightly under his pile of blanket. “I didn’t sleep last night.”
“You know you drool when you sleep?”
Ruby gave a stilted wave, to Mary’s solemn regard, though her brother seemed considerably less interested in her. “I thought you said chocolate,” he accused Sam, pouting. By the look of his face it seemed like he’d already been at some that day.
“Well it’s not any better in yours.” Dean set his now empty bag of M&Ms down on the kitchen counter. “What about the couch?”
, I hadn’t seen you in action. You could get us out of here man, all of us.”
“It’s uh… it’s good,” Dean got out, voice hitching as Cas started stroking his cock through his boxers.
me, not to mention all the times you’ve ever beaten me up on stage, I figure you owe me – at least enough to
Ruby took his hand, enjoying the weight of it over her own, remembering the way those hands had held her that night they’d met and wondering if she wouldn’t prefer to not go out. “Didn’t take you for a brunch kind of guy.”
Though now Dean had started thinking on it he wasn’t sure why.
“And… and that doesn’t have anything to do with how you feel about him?”
Dean smiled and pulled out his phone. “Ok, what’s your address?”
“You don’t know me well enough to take me anywhere.”
Dean hates flying but he like Ruby's house.
“Your name is Dean Winchester. You are four years older than me, and when you were – when you were little, you wanted to be just like our Dad. You loved old cowboy films and bad slasher movies, but if the TV was left on you’d usually rather watch soap operas. When our parents died and we moved in with our Uncle Bobby you sorta stopped talking to me, tried acting tough all the time. Then you bet me a whole bag of marshmallows that I wouldn’t be able to jump from the roof of Bobby’s old truck down into the broken open-top corvette that you’d pushed over next to it. I broke three ribs and dislocated my collarbone. And then when I woke up the next day you’d been crying and you said -”
“Well, since the parents are write-offs and I’m an only child and the older generation’s all dead… not so much. But you seem ok.”
“Ok. See, I thought it was because you’re not like them. Of course you’d turn on them. I just didn’t get why you’d do it for me.”
“And you’ll be lucky to be let back in. It’s over. Your people know. Anna knows.”
“I’m getting that sense.” After watching the large man hopelessly fumble around the very small kitchen, Ruby stepped forward to rescue him.
“I forgot,” Dean said, wiping his eyes. “I forgot that’s something that scares me. I keep thinking I remember everything about myself, and then… I guess I’ve just never fixed a plane before.”
Her eyebrows raised. “You haven’t decided?”
“Ok, asshole,” she muttered as twisted the lock and wrenched the door open. Revealing a very tall, very wet, very
“Hey, I clean it
“Not even mean – just kinda bitchy.” Dean nudged into him. “It’s cute.” He smiled. “You’re cute.”
Cursing at the chilled floorboards under her feet, Ruby braved getting out of the bed and, hugging herself, made her way over to the boiler, which, charmingly, was hidden behind a cupboard door in the bedroom.
Worse, it was a familiar crack.
Dean let his head sink back into the pillow behind him. “Didn’t make it. I know.” He’d been too slow, he’d made the wrong call. Rudy always had a problem with his left side vision and Dean should have remembered.
“Sammy, you said you thought it might have been someone needing our help?”
Dean rolled his eyes and let his head roll back on the bed’s headboard. His head really was killing him now, and the itching was getting worse – and it really was almost everywhere now.
“Well thanks for answering.”
To Cas’s disappointment; to Cas’s relief, Dean didn’t acknowledge him, but only looked ahead at nothing, his eyes again flashing purple. “He’s right,” he said, in that gravelly tone that had never dragged his voice down before. “I can feel them.”
“Why don’t you take
Though he had still suggested using the Empty deal knowing full well there was one way likely to achieve the end they were working towards, so maybe his subconscious was working against him in this.
Sam met his eyes steadily. The purple glow had faded now. “Safe. They are inside the tent, being kept warm. We found them some new clothes.”
“Of course.”
“Sure, sure. And all those trapped hell ghosts? Kevin?”
“You don’t usually clean the couch.”
Cas sighed. And then he was talked through, in more painstaking detail, how to make a “bacon bits lasagne”.
By 6pm, after finding the key (that Dean had
“You didn’t see it out there, Dean. It could be that it’s a person needing our help.”
His brain had just about had enough of a chance to catch up enough to allow his mouth to reciprocate when Dean started pushing his hand not stroking Cas’s chin up through his hair, massaging Cas’s head with long, certain fingers.
“It’s the one thing I took away from it.”
“Cas looks after me,” Charlie explained away as she extracted herself from her beam and flapped a little ungainly down to the floor.
Cas was staring at him exactly like he always had, but it was different, now Dean knew he meant it. He could be happy if he did nothing else but stand in the way of that wide-eyed, admiring gaze for the rest of his life.
was infected…
As Dean walked off to go hunting for his jacket, Cas leaned down on the spot he’d just vacated. All day he couldn’t stop the happy nerves building up inside of him. It didn’t even have that much to do with the sex – it didn’t
“Yeah, people hated that. And they thought it was gay.”
“Cas?”
Cas had the decency to look him in the eyes for that. “Exactly what it looks like.”
“What?”
Sam took a deep breath, then seemed to deflate. “Nope,” he said, apparently to himself. “Not today.”
Dean couldn’t help himself. The laugh erupted out of him like a violent cough, immediately choking out the fingers he’d been sucking on. “Really?
“Just think,” Michael continued, walking towards Dean as though his monologuing had suffered no interruption. As he spoke, Dean carefully slipped a hand into his pocket and jammed the button down on the walkie. Maybe someone was listening, and, if nothing else, they’d hear how he went out.
Cas looked up and for a moment Dean felt like he didn’t know him at all. Panic gripped him, and he forced himself to sit completely still. “Cas?”
“Does this mean I can’t complain about your music choices anymore?” Dean asked when he finished, letting the guitar flop down on the bed.
At least, Dean assumed this was Rufus Turner. He’d aged significantly since his last TV interview and the frown lines on this forehead had increased tenfold.
did this this,” Dean cut in over Sam. “The disasters, the smog, the wastelands, the monsters? Me?”
Somehow both of them had failed to see the adult male watching them from the corner, who now advanced, claws out and eyes glowing brightly.
“I’m just saying… Maybe Cas wants to try other things. He’s not got to do much for fun, like, ever. Maybe treat him to something more than your favourite cowboy and slasher movies sometimes.”
as the living incarnation of the Devil, Dean shook his head. “But the vessel has to say yes, that’s what you said. You said that angels can’t just take whatever bodies they like.”
Huh. He hadn’t thought about the latter since remembering.
“’Course I do. But I can’t be around you.”
Apparently, that most of all was the wrong thing to say. “Dean… even if we do find a cure for you, we won’t for me. This’ll always be what I am.”
“It’s okay if it takes you some time. But don’t take any shit from this one. You ask her to stay – if you don’t want her jumping up at you – she’ll listen.”
This was now about seventy-five percent of their conversations were short, clipped, with Castiel taking the last word. But sometimes the so-called angel was chatty, and seemed to find Dean fascinating, which would be its own kind of flattering if it wasn’t for the guy’s incessant need for closeness, for touch. He seemed to have no concept of personal space, which was a precious commodity in a cage only just large enough to fit the two of them.
, Dean.”
Eventually, maybe an hour later, maybe a day, maybe a year, Sam asked to stop and start walking. Fifteen years ago, a lifetime ago, that might have been a familiar end to a tired fight. Now, it was because Sam was an eco-friendly pedestrian most of the time and a grumpy old man and he wanted to walk to go and find Eileen. Then Jodie. Apparently she’d been worrying about Alex when she’d gone, and Sam wanted to make sure she knew how everything worked out for all her girls.
Cas shook his head, still staring at Dean, knowing that, for once, he had permission to do so as much as he wanted. “I still can’t relax.”
“We’ll be back here in no time.”
Cas had to suppress a laugh as he helped unpack at the kitchen table. Sam’s practical side still shone through, as there was plenty of tinned food, but the amount of green on top of the bag did seem a little overwhelming at first glance. Eggs, tinned beans, tinned tomatoes, an entire pineapple… Cas couldn’t speak for Dean, but he could definitely make some meals out of this. There was only one non-food item in the bag.
“Of course.”
But soothing had gotten boring by 8pm.
Giddily, he wondered if this would counteract the monster already in him. Maybe he would just become human again.
“Your job doesn’t give you clearance for internet use.”
But Sam couldn’t let himself care about any of that.
“Do…” Crowley screwed up his face. “Do you want to… uh…
. Giving off all these hints. And I didn’t really
“Hmm?”
Tired enough from his run, his hunt, and probably the yelling, Dean slept easy despite the cold. But he woke up to warmth. It was still dark, the rain had stopped, and there was a jacket draped over his shoulders and a fire crackling a handful of feet from his knees. And Cas was there on the other side of the fire, watching him.
But all day following that, Dean just wouldn’t stop with the touching. They washed and piled their mounting pile of dishes together and Dean kept slowly taking the dish right out of Cas’s hand before Cas could put it in the rack, and smiling at him like there was some joke Cas hadn’t figured out yet about to reach its punchline. Cas walked out of the kitchen and Dean playfully whacked at his ass with the dishtowel. They settled down under the covers back on their couch to watch a movie and Dean was all crouched up next to him, the tip of his hair brushing Cas’s chin.
Sam smiled, and it was a nice smile. A dazzling kind of smile.
“Don’t. Do not tell me that wasn’t a big deal.”
people.
,” Dean gasped as Cas pushed his leg right back in a V.
“Yeah!
“You did make her sound like someone with a plan. And… you don’t think the other angels will pull ranks around?”
“How is everything? Heaven? The angels?”
When Dean woke up he was too weak to talk, so Sam didn’t make him. Later, when they made it home, he just didn’t feel like it, and Sam, to his credit, didn’t push. Not yet.
Mindless hunger was the one commonality.
“Thanks,” she said, “but
“Huh?”
“No. I mean – yeah, Heaven. But no Jack. I think I saw Bobby though.” Dean swallowed, doing his best to keep his voice casual. “He said Cas is helping with everything up there.”
They passed another compound, larger than the one they’d long left behind, and steered well clear. Dean was tense for a day after, determined not to run into any recon groups like the one he’d used to lead. But if Dean saw any of them on his own excursions, he didn’t mention it.
“Uh…”
“So, what is the history behind the Singer/Turner split? Bobby didn’t mention.”
“And then again when we’re put back again,” Cas said.
. A lifetime in this work and he knew when to trust his gut on that much.
“What was -”
“The belated concern is noted, but unnecessary, thank you.”
(He remembered hearing himself say “I’m not gonna let you die, period.” He remembered reading a note left in Dean’s writing, “Sammy, let me go.” He remembered begging the Archangel Gabriel for the chance at one more Tuesday, one more Wednesday.)
“I’m sorry.”
“Will you agree to painkillers now?”
That almost sounded like a Cas Dean knew. Like the arrogant, bored kid back in his college lectures who didn’t even know how sheltered he was.
“Yeah.” Sam chewed on the energy bar in his hands, looking thoughtful. “Do you think there
“They’re all switched off, Michael. It’s over,” Anna said, voice quavering.
“Ruby skips town. Gotcha.”
Cas was already spinning the dog around to face him, saying nothing as he anxiously took in the dog’s whole body.
Feeling something like rage broiling up, Sam got back on his feet and was about to start walking away when he decided to hold his ground instead.
“Hold on,” Cas mumbled, reaching his arms forward and around Dean’s waist to pull his hips forwards and up so that Dean’s knees were laid over the chair arm that Cas had just been sitting on.
“…Should I be staging an intervention here?”
It shouldn’t have made Cas feel all the mythical warm and fuzziness of the season just have this new acquaintance smiling at his idle musings.
lack of adherence to personal space.”
“Nothing happened to him, he’s just grumpy.”
Dean had always used to love the office Christmas parties. It inevitably provided pre-paid alcohol, and a bunch of desperate singles from different floors looking for a last chance of a hook-up before they went home to the whole family to be grilled on their lack of love life.
Castiel hesitates. The last thing he wants to do is injure Dean further, even if it's the most expedient method of healing him. "Or we could wait for them to heal," he offers. "These would become less effective the less fresh they are, so I'm guessing the vampires had to redo them."
, I swear I'm strapping you to the roof. You can stretch your legs and feel the wind in your flowing hair, you big princess.”
"Dean," Castiel sighs. "Don't."
—he doesn’t have the right to touch Dean so gently, look at Dean so tenderly, when it isn’t—when it doesn’t mean—when he’s just going to leave again.
He claps Sam on the shoulder, grinning suddenly for a reason he can’t quite pinpoint. They stride toward the garage.
“I love you,” he chokes out, and folds forward, against Cas. His forehead lands on Cas’s shoulder, the leather somehow cool despite the sun. “You can always have me.”
“I love you,” Cas murmurs. He hasn’t stopped threading his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I love you, I love you.”
to know I would never demand reciprocation, I would never want you to be uncomfortable, I know it’s something I can’t have—”
Cas is hard already; when Dean wraps a hand around him, Cas shivers and clutches Dean's shoulder.
He leans against the bars, smirking at Castiel. "That's right, the idiots are paying so little attention to you that my boss can fool them with a couple deadpan one-liners and a
"Who the fuck's Raz? He did this to you?"
He sees, too, that the sigils have been carved more than once; in parts the lines are ragged where the knife varied slightly in retracing the pattern.
Dean and Cas haven't been, well,
“Fuck that guy, honestly,” says Dean, with feeling.
Dean with a tap on the forehead—he tumbles into Dean's mind as if in hard-coded response, slipping across the gap between them and into the space of Dean's nightmare. It happens so fast that, on the bed, Dean's sleeping features have barely begun to twist in distress before Castiel finds himself standing on the doorstep of the derelict trailer where he'd found Dean the previous night.
we have this?" says Dean. Another throb of agony pulses up from under his ribs and he grits his teeth, rides it out. "I
Okay. That’s also new.
Dean leans over, scrabbling in the drawer. Castiel turns his head and mouths at Dean's hand where it's braced on the mattress by his head. "Hurry up," he hums, sucking a noisy kiss into the base of Dean's thumb.
"I didn't realize, while I was like that." The smile slides off Jack's face. "How wrong it felt. To not feel at all. But now, when I remember it—" He shivers.
"You're blurry," he says, with something like regret in his voice.
Dean opens his mouth, probably to make another stupid joke about why primordial entities shouldn’t skip onboarding, but his attention is caught by the dark shape swarming down the cliffside. Dry cedar scales crunch as the wendigo leaps the last few feet to the ground below. “Cas,” he rasps in warning. “Wendigo—”
"Those are
"Dean," he stammers, pulling back to the edge of the bed. He drops Dean's hand as if burned by it, hating the way he immediately misses the feel of Dean's skin. "I—"
, Sam." His heart is a raw, flayed thing. He thinks of Cas's face, upturned, shining with tears. Thinks of the way the Empty had gleamed and writhed, as it absorbed Cas and turned him into nothingness.
"It worked."
said—" Dean sputters.
"What I can't stand," Castiel says quietly, "is
, he thinks. He doesn't want to move for a long time.
is victory,
“Sure. It makes Chuck more of an ass,” snaps Dean.
"A rough couple of months, right. Listen.
. His chest aches, a grief so immense he thinks it might split him apart. He sees it mirrored on Sam's face, sees pain distort his brother's features as the memory knifes at them both. Dean makes himself face it head-on: he pries open the agony of it, digs into the raw fissure of loss until he thinks the sorrow might snap him in two. Chuck didn't put that grief inside his chest. Didn't set it off inside him like a bomb, spilling its blades and fire down his spine, up his throat. Dean doesn't know a lot, but he knows that much—this grief is his.
"No, see,” says Jack, and he’s almost fucking
"We have to talk about it," says Sam.
," he yells at the windshield, at Sam, at no one in particular. He wants to smash something. "We're still on that goddamn street corner where we went to surrender to Chuck!"
There'd been gaps in his feathers, before—old injuries he was too weak to heal after he fell from Heaven's favor, as well as areas where the feathers had simply disintegrated as too much stolen grace chewed through his true form. Then, too, the remnant of his own grace, once he'd finally reclaimed it, had been paltry; he'd been unable to reconstitute his true form without additional losses, so that was more feathers broken or destroyed, sacrificed to Metatron's spell.
That's
They stop at a diner and Dean could swear the greasy, ordinary fare tastes better than usual. Maybe it’s because they came so close to, well, no more of
I am?" He jabs a stubby finger in their general direction. "You think you and your little coalition are gonna—what, kick me out of the world that
that he has, the last thing they can take from him.
! What the
There’s a beat of complete silence. Dean watches understanding bleed through Cas’s countenance.
Corin turns Dean roughly, steering him to the door, and some kind of recognition dawns in Dean's eyes. He starts to struggle weakly; Corin huffs in impatience and slaps him, a sharp blow that sends Dean's head snapping to one side.
, is that a flash of teeth? Dean swallows, his throat suddenly bone-dry.
Cas actually cracks a tired smile at that, his eyes drifting half-shut. "That's a good one. Not very original, though."
Dean was made for battle. He wasn't made to survive it. He was made to die at the end of a blade or the barrel of a gun, he wasn't made to
"Sam."
thought is so urgent and vicious that he almost trips over the pain of it as he shuffles into the kitchen.
, how are we ever going to—"
"Cas, what you said—"
“We had heard that she’d been freed from her prison by humans,” says Antlers curiously. “We did not realize it was you.”
"Stop!" Castiel lunges, bolting upright and reaching around Dean to seize his wrist.
“You’ll come back with us?” Sam says to Cas, his voice pitching up, making it into a question rather than a statement.
"Right,” Dean says immediately, filling the pause. He can’t bear this, can’t bear watching Cas search for the words to tell them he isn’t coming back. “You’ve probably got a bunch of reapers to corral, or something. Library books to reshelve.” He almost laughs, then—because it’s so absurd, his little fantasy of Cas returning to the Bunker with them. Dean’s so stupid. Death doesn’t ride in the backseat of Dean’s car, Death doesn’t have a bedroom just down the hall from Dean’s, Death
you," Castiel says. Because he
. He isn't—he doesn't know if he's allowed this. He doesn't know what to do, here, whether to back away or move forward or let Dean open up space between them or—or—
…and the star that Dean knew was Sirius, the Dog Star.
“Hmm. I guess it’s different with big families.”
Dean wished he could forget all the dumb names he and Cas had regifted the stars with, one clear night on Bobby’s roof. But he remembered all of them.
When Dean first wandered outside into the wastelands alone he expected every night to be his last. But it took almost three days of rations before he realised there was something following him. It was a challenge trying to lose it. Dean might have been in an uncomfortable number of bad situations out in the wastelands, but he’d never been hunted quite like this, not on his own.
Like… he’d seen the photos. The house was big, awesome.
Then, coming back to his room through the dark hallway, he tripped over a small box. Annoyed, he picked it up and brought it into the room with him to look at.
“Oh yeah? You got a closet full of exes too?”
“I know.”
“Since I didn’t say I was coming, I can imagine so,” Cas had said, leaning stiffly into his brother’s embrace. He and Michael had never been close, and he’d only felt that gap widen since his father’s death. Michael had taken up the responsibility of feeling like the family leader, and Cas had started feeling like he was, instead, filling his sister’s shoes.
“Who says I like you now?”
sort of name, now that Sam was thinking on it…
For a moment, neither said anything, and only listened to the fire crackle. And then Cas had to know.
Sam blinked. “They usually stay clear. Was it in a local? Have they been watching us?” He stood back, looking Dean up and down. “Did you even bring any weapons?”
was real and still standing. He could take Ruby’s car and drive for a couple of days and see what his childhood home was looking like these days…
After checking briefly on the rest of the camp, that they were all either getting some rest, or keeping alert and on guard, Sam started walking up to where Dean was tied up – was hopefully still tied up.
So maybe they could fly. Awesome.
He shrugged, and she had to take a moment to process the movements of those shoulders. And those arms which had carried her up the cottage steps when she’d complained about walking in heels over the newly formed ice.
“Oh, I’m sorry, was that meant to be addressed to me?” Sam allowed himself a smile. “Because the note that I got shown was a lot more vague than that.”
“It does make sense it didn’t work out though – names are too similar.”
“To change him back? Fix him. I don’t think so. None that I know anything about.”
“I don’t know what we’ll find today. But it’s like you say. Survival’s what we’re good at.”
“He’s not kidding about the angel thing,” Victor told him as Charlie giggled.
“You’re topping, right?”
Sam had nothing to say to that, and thanks to the loud screeching noise from somewhere off to their left which made them both turn their heads slowly, he didn’t have to come up with anything.
“Yeah… uh. Dean usually does all the cooking in here…”
“What? No. I just… I don’t want to feel like I’m – like we’re holding you back or something. You could go do
Dean frowned. Right, the case. Instead of focusing on that, he’d just been caught up staring at Cas’s face again - something that had been happening more and more regularly these days. “Well, no, but -”
Those were wings. Not like fig fluffy bird wings, but like the phantom shadows of wings, creepily reflected of the back wall of the stage and it was all Dean could do not to keep staring with him mouth hanging open. Then Cas turned to look at him, and Dean felt like he definitely wanted to be anywhere else than at the focus of that gaze.
The centaur rolled his eyes. Again, Dean felt the need to slap himself out of the sense of normality slipping over him. This made no sense. They’d all been horribly mutated and forcibly kidnapped. They were all just
Eventually he growled. It was amazing, really. After Cas’s terrifying light show which still hadn’t been given an explanation all eyes in the camp were on Dean.
“That’s fine with me,” Cas heard himself say, knowing that it was the furthest thing from fine.
“Why not? You’ve got a literal captive audience here.” He scoffed. “You know I can hear you through the walls anyway.”
Swallowing, Cas just about remembered how to string a sentence together. “This is probably not the best way of containing the virus.”
“Yeah.” Dean forced a laugh. It was fading, the odd contented peace he’d felt, but a part of him remembered. “Pretty lonely little funeral. One man and his dog.”
he pushed them back up his nose his forehead went all scrunched with concentration. And then sometimes after he’d done that he’d look confused and glance around, bashful like he hoped no one had seen him do that. And then he’d meet Dean’s eyes.
wasn’t about to let him.
“You shouldn’t have come,” Dean said, his voice almost returning to that awful growl. “I left that note -”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love you too. And even when you’re being insufferable, I think you’re incredible. I have from the first.”
Thanks so much to everyone following along! Hoping you're all keeping safe out there <3
As they both stormed off into their own rooms like moody teens from a sitcom, Dean taking the bottle away with him, Cas struggled to decode the conversation. It felt critical to pinpoint where they’d come to odds.
“Yeah. Ended well, but then I slept with his sister.”
“Define ok,” Sam shot back with a slight smile. “I mean we haven’t actually spoken. But as far as I can tell he has actually gone to California. Which, as far as I know, he only ever wanted to do for a studios tour of his favourite soap, and because of the Zeppelin song.”
For a moment, Dean looked grief-stricken, like Sam had just told him he’d brokered another demon deal. Then he mustered up a smile for Rowena. “My brother tearing you away from your duties, Your Highness?”
“So you come from a family of hunters.”
Eileen…sort of smiled. Sam felt awful.
No fun, uncomplicated sex or violence or family, not when he remembered how complicated it all was.
“So, if you want I can walk you home…”
Shaking his head, Dean sunk back in his armchair. “Well, what if the ghost just changes up his M.O. this time?”
Michael killed his twin in almost exactly the same manner. The device fell back to the basement floor with a hard thud, and was left to glow dimly there.
“What? I am not!”
“Hope…” Cas rubbed his hands together and shrugged. “I find it tends to make it worse.”
“Dean, I’ve heard it through the walls sometimes.”
Dean knew it was true, he could almost remember being attacked, of that moment of relief he’d felt as the venom hit his system. And Sam needed him. That would always be true. And there was no Eileen, no Mom. Sam didn’t have other people to run around with while Dean…
Clutching his throat, Dean slid down the wall, grateful to see that Benny wasn’t fighting alone. Others were with him – they hadn’t given up on him.
Now, Cas knew Dean to be arrogant, loud, and by turns the exact brand of both neat freak and slob that was impossible to live with.
Reaching for a glass of red wine on the shelf they’d once used for keeping gardening appliances, Michael smiled up indulgently at her. “I know. And I’ve actually come around to agreeing with your point.”
“What are you calling him?” she stopped to ask when they’d been walking for some ten minutes, not saying much. Sam had thought that a walk with a dog around the local reservoir when she was near town anyway seemed like a safe enough thing to suggest, but it maybe wasn’t safe enough to force normalcy back on them. Sam wasn’t exactly practiced at keeping any kind of relationship long-term, so he probably wouldn’t know.
Getting back to his feet, Cas looked around for something to wipe his hands on. “You should take your boxers off.”
Though he kept walking, it was with more careful steps now. Dean had thought he’d seen something in the trees – a flash of yellow light… And he felt
Upset was the mildest thing Dean could call himself right now, but that wasn’t the point. The point was pride, and that –
“I basically found you on the doorstop.”
Dean knew that much, but he hadn’t really asked for a new answer.
Ruby stared after him, mouth only gaping a little as Charlie shrugged. “Best not to argue, probably. Besides, we were going to need to talk to Cas anyway, remember? About whether he could cut down the main theme for the -”
“Would you like to sit down?”
Sam didn’t know what to expect when they made it home. Cas was right – they’d never be able to take Dean inside, not as he was. It wasn’t safe. They’d be able to study him outside the walls, but though Dean, unleashed, now, kept close for now, Sam couldn’t imagine his brother having the patience to go through medical tests in the hope of some unlikely cure.
Sighing, Dean turned the in the lock and walked in to find his brother arranging at least fifteen different kinds of beer around three pizza boxes on the table.
“What about it?”
,” Dean snarled. This had to be just a figment of his messed-up mind, still not thinking it was ok, to be happy. If Cas came to find him in Heaven he’d just
Cas jolted at the knock on his bedroom door.
He really didn’t
“I’m just glad you invited me along.”
And Cas had nothing to say which could possibly argue against that.
“I’m… becoming less sure.”
Countries started blaming each other. Conspiracists blamed aliens. A lot of religious types blamed God.
“Didn’t you actually kill him?”
“Dean, who was that?”
“Yeah well, he sure full-assed you then. Where’s your wings and halo about?”
Afraid to sleep that night, Dean went for a walk. He’d had to pull all nighters hundreds of times before, and it was a warm night. He’d be fine.
Keeping his eyes on Dean’s face, Cas lowered himself to a crouch. “Do you know who they’ve sent? What they’ll do?”
“So, do you want to take a turn?”
flying. What’s so bad about just fixing the truck?”
“It was a surprise to me too.”
. “A bacon. Bits. Lasagne.”
“You know, Cas…” Sam paused for a moment, considering whether it was worth continuing. “We’re so close now. Don’t you think you could… maybe be straight with me now?”
She nods. “I’m sorry. I can waive the fee for you.”
"You don't have to lie to me."
When they get back, Castiel tries to return Dean’s jacket, but Dean insists that Castiel keep it. Castiel is secretly glad. It’s like he has a little part of Dean that’s his.
Dean chuckles. “Well, it was my first one, but I liked it.” He nudges Cas’ shoulder. “Your part was the best, though.”
The moment ends when Dean's phone rings. Dean pulls away from Cas, but keeps one arm around him. He doesn't want to break contact with him. Dean rolls his eyes as he sees Sam's name on the screen.
Sam nods solemnly.
Cas starts to push against me. “I know you’re tired, and I shouldn’t have—”
All his suppressed feelings were suddenly crashing down on him.
"Where are you?" Sam asks.
His mind is fuzzy, and everything is taking a second too long to register. Cas stares at the hand on his shoulder.
Dean smiles. “Yeah, I try to. She’s, like, my masterpiece.”
The cold air managed to make everything just a bit more clear. Dean's surroundings sharpened a little. Everything outside his direct line of sight wasn't just a haze now. It was just slightly out of focus instead. They stopped at an old truck. Dean tried to place the make and model, but the information was barely out of reach. It was fuzzy, and retrieving anything other than immediate thoughts felt like sifting through mud. But who cared anyway? He was about to get laid by some hot guy.
Dean wishes they were further apart. He's been falling into this bad habit of touching Cas when he gets close. Nothing weird. Just touching his arm or grabbing his shoulder. Dean knows he needs to chill, or it will lead to him wanting more. And he can't do more. Not with Cas. They're best friends. He can save his desires for hot chicks and cute waitresses.
"You're welcome." They stare at each other. The longer it gets, the more awkward it is, but Dean can't look away. To break the silence, he says, "I can take the couch."
As I pull up to the cabin, I see how different it is. The guys Cas hired did a good job. It’s repainted, and the door looks new. The roof looks a thousand times more stable, and the cabin itself looks like something that would be advertised for a weekend getaway. I get out of the car to go get Cas to help me. The air is clean and crisp. This is a good place to raise a kid. Too bad the one Cas is raising is a monster.
"We were worried, Dean. You weren't answering Sam's calls." Cas' eyes bore into Dean's. There was a lot more anger in them than there should've been. Did something else happen? Did Dean do something? "I'm glad to see you're fine." Cas turned and took a couple steps away.
Dean chuckles nervously and won’t meet Castiel’s gaze. “Don’t know why I told you that.”
He was seated next to Cas in an old library. It was after hours, but Dean had waved his badge at the librarian, and she had given him the keys to keep until he was finished. The round table they sat at was cluttered with books, and Dean struggled to concentrate. It was quiet. Too quiet. The silence only made the thoughts he'd been trying to push down louder. And the longer he was alone with Cas, the stronger those thoughts were. He needed to leave, or he'd do something stupid. Their legs were touching, Dean's hand kept brushing Cas' as he turned the pages of the book he was reading, and every time they touched, Dean had to suppress the urge to hold Cas' hand. And then he'd have to refocus on what he was reading. His progress was so slow.
"God, you're beautiful," Dean said breathlessly. Castiel felt his cheeks burn.
Cas reaches over and squeezes his arm, and he’s pulling back sooner than Dean would like. “Are you going to be okay?” Cas is looking at him fiercely. He
Cas smiles as he looks at the flowers. "It's such a deep, warm color."
"Oh my god," Dean muttered and covered his face with one of his hands.
“Okay. I’m coming,” Castiel says and hangs up. He hurriedly shuts off all the lights and grabs his keys. He doesn’t even put on shoes. Castiel practically runs up the stairs to Dean’s room. He forces himself to take a few deep, calm breaths before knocking.
Dean huffs but leads Cas back to his cabin. They reach his place, and Cas thinks Dean is going to leave, but Dean opens Cas' door and walks right in.
"I thought you enjoyed sex." The disappointment lingers in Cas' voice, and he releases Dean's shirt. Dean blushes at the mention of the word "sex". It's not so much as the thought of sex itself, but the thought of having it with Cas. And Cas apparently wanting it. With Dean. Right now.
“Is it okay if I drive?” Dean asks.
Everything in Dean screamed for him to say yes, but he couldn't. Imagining himself alone in the car with Cas drove him crazy. They'd be locked in a small space alone together for hours. Dean couldn't handle that.
is doing this to you."
upset about cancelling on Cas because it is just dinner, and Dean is going to get laid, but…Cas is special, and Dean can’t help but feel scummy when he texts Cas that he’s too busy meet up tonight. But, despite the random guilt about bailing on Cas last minute, Dean’s night with Lisa is amazing. He almost forgets about Cas. Almost.
"I lied to Sam, and it finally caught up with me."
. Someone needs to take it from him. Castiel swallows and nods. Yes, that sounds like a good idea.
"...if you want me to. Are you sure okay?"
Cas stares at him with wide eyes.
"Uh, thanks," Dean answered, but he could hardly look Crowley in the eye. Of course this is the when they suddenly appeared. They couldn't have done that any time sooner?
"You're high," Dean says, pulling away.
Castiel, right?”
He never thought he'd have this either. He knows he's going to mess this up somehow, but he can't think about that right now. All he knows is this is happening, and Cas is...Cas is holding him like he's the most precious thing in the world.
and didn't care. Dean had just kissed
Marco grinned. "Wanna drive back to my place for a bit?"
“I don’t want it,” I tell him with my arms still outstretched in his direction.
“Oh. Yeah. I kind of wanted a new set-up since Lisa.”
We’re all sitting on the couch in the tv room I had started setting up that Sam finished a couple weeks ago. Eileen suggests a new movie I haven’t seen yet, and it’s awesome. Definitely not Sam’s type of movie, and it’s funny watching him try and enjoy it because Eileen picked it. Cas is sitting next to me and struggling to stay awake. I told him when we put Jack to bed that he could go to sleep, too, but he didn’t want to. Stubborn bastard. The wine and the large amount of food we ate earlier are probably hitting him full force. The food is hitting me at least.
"Mmm," Dean protested and grabbed one of the arms holding him and pulled it back.
Castiel reaches the room and slips under the covers, and forces his eyes to stay open, so he’ll be awake when Dean comes. He doesn’t know how long he does this, but it’s getting annoying, and Castiel realizes Dean
Dean clears his throat. "I need more mix." He holds up the ladle and pointedly looks at the bowl behind Cas. Cas steps back to give Dean more room.
fall in love. Besides, I'd know if he felt the same for me. Cas wasn't the most socially proficient person, so I'm sure I would've picked up on anything if it had been there.
"Good. Because I don't think I can take it. Especially now." Dean pulls away just enough to look in Cas' eyes, his arms still wrapped around Cas. "You mean so much to me."
April calls him 65 times that night. 65. The last call was at 4:00am along with a voicemail. He clicks it against his better judgment. It’s ten minutes long, and all it is is April yelling at him and calling him a piece of shit and saying that he never treated her right. Castiel knows these things aren’t true, but he still feels horrible. Part of him wishes he never suggested not having sex. He’s only ever dated one person in his life (is it two now?), so he can’t really be picky, can he? But the other stubborn, rebellious part of him—that somehow always wins—tells him he deserves better. But then he reminds himself that everyone he dates in the future won’t be Dean, and he can’t hold everyone to that standard, so one day he
“Oh, yes,” Castiel says in between bites. He swallows. “I always manage to burn something.”
“…So?”
I nod and rub a hand over my face. I look at the LEGO mess and sigh.
"God, no." Dean takes this chance to look over Cas. His hair is a mess, and his lips are pink and swollen. Dean's heart races at the thought that
“Well…no.”
these sort of things by now.
I feel my cheeks heat up and look down.
Dean rolled over, so he was facing away from the angel. He didn't want Cas to know how upset he
“That’s boring.”
"Well, stop. I'm fine," Dean dismissed.
Dean swallows. “Like taxes?”
Dean looked over and gave him a strained smile. "No. You helped a lot." He didn't say anything else. He turned on the music, and set it to a low volume. The conversation was over.
It's been months since that night, and Cas is sure Dean forgot. He's not even sure why he's going through with this if it means nothing. Maybe he
Dean jerks awake, immediately on alert. He doesn't have a gun on him, and he goes rigid.
Garth pauses. “I mean, if you’re looking for serious or intense, this isn’t the right orchestra. I’m not saying we’re bad. We’re good.” He smiles. “Well, I might be a
"I miss Sam," Dean admitted.
“I have no idea what that could possibly mean.”
“Yeah, that. …Oh, here it is.” I hold it up for Cas to look at. “See, it’s a plastic nipple.”
Dean quickly says, “I thought you probably needed one since you got a new car, but if you don’t want it, I, uh, I still have the receipt. I know it’s kind of a lame present, but I guess it’s the mechanic in me, so, uh, yeah.”
"Huh?" He looked up to see Cas staring at him. "Oh, yeah, I'm fine."
Castiel can tell Dean is getting uncomfortable, but he has no idea how to make this better. “I used to be in a cult,” Castiel blurts.
“Oh,” Castiel says quietly.
Dean nods. “Yeah, I’m off at five.”
Dean landed with an "oof". Cas fell on top of him. Cas pushed himself up, so his hands were placed on the ground on either side of Dean's head.
Cas grabs the end of the shirt and pulls it up to see the wound underneath. It's bandaged. Of course. He feels stupid for thinking it would just be bare beneath him.
Dean’s eyes lock onto the sound. His phone is on the ground next to Cas’ shirt.
"You look like hell," Dean comments and walks closer. "Are you sick?" He suddenly stops in front of the bed and scowls. "What are you on?"
Dean cracks his eyes open. "Yeah, okay." He ignores how his heart jumps in excitement. They're not even going to do anything, and he's elated. Dean kicks off his shoes and automatically starts unbuckling his pants and freezes. "Is it okay if I don't have pants on?" He glances at Cas.
"I'm taking your shoes off," Cas explained.
Castiel frowns thoughtfully. The wisest move would be to wait until he’s sober to make this decision. He glances at the piano, and his chest tightens. He can’t stand to look at it another second. Not being able to play it is killing him. He wants it gone.
Dean is fine. Honestly, he’s handling this better than he thought he would. Instead of feeling heartbroken or devastated or whatever, he just feels…empty. And he’s thankful. He’d rather feel numb than ruined.
Dean raises his eyebrows. “Dude, you have
Cas stepped closer and cupped Dean's face. "Of course it is."
Dean nods. “Yeah. You don’t play the piano anymore. Your car is gone. I never see you. I thought—” His voice cracks, and he looks at the ceiling.
Cas' hands wandered all over Dean's bare torso. They were soft and warm, and Cas was touching Dean so gently he felt as if he was being worshipped. Cas' hands moved down towards the edge of Dean's pants and rested there. Dean could feel himself getting hard already. He wanted more.
Something warm was wrapped around Dean's torso. It felt nice. Whatever it was moved and tightened its grip on Dean. He was being held. His back was pressed against someone's chest, and Dean realized he liked being the little spoon. He felt safe and warm. Dean tried to go back to sleep since he was comfortable, but his mind decided he was going to stay awake, so he just laid there with his eyes closed, enjoying the quiet moment.
Castiel smiles. “Well, I suppose it isn’t that hard for me.”
"I can hug you while you try to sleep."
I sit up, and my adrenaline spikes. “Cas. What’s wrong?”
The kid is growing up fast. Like, inhumanly fast. It’s been, what? Five months and he can walk and talk now. He got out of that stage where he puts every new object he finds in his mouth, so, like a good person, I bought the kid LEGOs. What kid doesn’t like LEGOs? What I didn’t realize is how messy it would be to give a toddler a bunch of tiny plastic squares. I mean, it’s obvious in hindsight.
Dean feels stupid. The concert ended almost fifteen minutes ago, and he’s waiting outside like a teenager nervously waiting for his prom date. He’s seen a few of the musicians walk out with their instruments, but Cas hasn’t appeared yet. Dean is contemplating leaving and never telling Cas about this for the seventh time, when Cas walks out the door. He looks even better in the tux up close. He’s also looking at his phone, so he doesn’t see Dean.
Cas stops moving. He looks at Dean and he doesn't say anything at all.
That's it—and not it.
"I'm coming, Dean, I'm here, is Cas—
Sam sets his jaw. He looks deeply unhappy, and deeply stubborn. Dean winces, because it's extremely evident that whatever Sam has to say, it's going to be said and there's nothing Dean can do to avoid it.
, they'll find you. Oh, god." Dean lets his chin drop to his chest, his gaze fearful, his free hand tightly fisted into the sheets. At a loss, Castiel sits on the bed and eases Dean slowly back down to horizontal, hoping this will even out his breathing.
Castiel takes a step towards the leftmost edge of his own dock, and at the same time the double moves, stepping in the same direction with a movement so similar that for a moment Castiel wonders if he really is just staring at a mirror. But when he looks over his shoulder, his own dock is empty. No Dean, just himself.
Sam follows Dean’s gaze upward and a soft expression tugs at the corner of his mouth.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel's grace pulls free with a howl, flooding through his cells. It's weakened from being pinioned for so long, and he can feel it struggling to heal his many wounds, but it's enough for him to dematerialize his wings, and he does so with a half-sob, yanking them out of the realm of visibility with a shudder of relief.
They get Jack reinstalled in his old room, which doesn't take long. It looks exactly the same as the last time Jack occupied it. Sam doesn't think anyone's set foot in it since the day of the cemetery. Cas, maybe, but Cas has never left much in the way of traces. Sam can picture Cas moving through the room in the dark in that careful way of his, touching everything, disturbing nothing.
“That seemed sort of...easy,” said Sam. A wrinkle appears in his gigantic forehead as he furrows his brow.
and he—
Dean backs up as Cherry approaches. "Whoa, okay, stop."
Thunder rumbles, as if on cue.
Dean slowly lifts his head, tears streaming down his cheeks, his breath coming in ragged gasps. His eyes find Castiel's face, and Castiel watches something fracture in Dean's soul as their gazes meet, as Dean searches Castiel's immobile features for something and doesn't find it. Castiel seethes inwardly, knowing that his expression is still twisted into one of anger and horror, that he has no way to convey that the disgust on his face isn't directed at Dean.
? We left Cas in the—in the—” He can barely say it. He sees, again, the black tar devouring Cas's tear-streaked face. It's burned into his brain. How could he have ever
“Good riddance,” says Dean. “Never liked destiny.” He pulls Cas in for another kiss.
Sam blanches, even as he pulls the angel blade out. "Dean—we can take him back to the Bunker, we can find out what this is—"
Dean shudders. His soul is a miserable, fluttering thing like a wounded bird.
"Cas," Dean says again, his voice suddenly hoarse with the weight of all those weeks spent searching.
"Cas, I—I can't see."
"Yeah, that's what I've been saying, dude."
"I'm just saying," Sam is stumbling. "That if you—if you—"
"Dean—" Cas wheezes as he lands hard on his back, as Dean comes down on top of him. The metallic coil of the Empty whooshes over their heads with a sound like cracking lake ice. "What—"
, storms the shadow, with increasing fury,
"Listen," says Jody, and her voice drops even lower. "He asked me not to tell you and Sam that he was here—"
hand on his arm,
, and in a spasm of blind panic and agony he gets his feet planted and
"Sorry," he says, as he starts to push up from the table, "a week of having to actually care about my liver and I turn into a lightweight, I should—"
Dean grunts in agreement. There’s an itching under his skin. “Do you think that was finally it?” he says. “Was that the real deal? Is Chuck dead?”
. Please, please, give him back, I'll—whatever you want—"
"I know," says Dean. "And yeah, you're right, I would've done the same. I just—Cas, I was afraid. I was
, Dean thinks.
"Cas," he pleads, again.
, at least as far as his eyes can tell. The dim blue glow of what might be a vending machine, far ahead, is the only thing that breaks up the monotony of its endless outstretched symmetry.
Dean drags Cas into him. He doesn't think about it, doesn't decide to do it—his arms move almost of their own accord, reacting to something deeper than any coherent thought he might be able to scrape together.
Dean must be telegraphing to some extent, though, because the next instant Sam's expression goes the kind of focused neutral that means he's talking to Gadreel. Dean watches closely. He's at something of a disadvantage when it comes to gauging Sam's relationship with Gadreel, because most of Sam and Gadreel's conversations happen silently. Dean hadn't been privy to Sam's initial meeting with Gadreel, because as far as he can tell, it had all occurred entirely inside Sam's brain.
"Cas," Dean says hoarsely. The torchlight plays orange over his skin, and he keeps darting anxious glances over his shoulder at the silent corridor. His eyes are green and worried. He is the most beautiful thing Castiel has ever seen.
, Cas said, and then he died, and here he is again, something different. Something new.
“More than it should have,” says Cas. “I...rushed things. Unfortunately, even with my haste, by the time I had obtained and read God’s book and returned to this plane, Chuck had already pulled you into the narrative tessellation.”
“I don’t
"Screw soulmates," he mutters. If this is the way it's gonna be—if Dean only gets to be with Cas until the real deal shows up—then he'll take it anyway. He'll take Cas for every day, every hour, every
now. And you heard what he said. Chuck put himself into the story and that was the whole problem. Maybe this is the only way we can really be free. God up in...Heaven, or wherever. Humans down here. It’s just us. Writing our own story, following it where it leads, no interference, no one else.”
being interested in girls. And Dean? Dean's just a stupid dork who can do a decent backflip and who's half-regretting all the life choices that have led him here, sneaking through a stranger's bedroom on a dare.
"But...how?"
"Cas," he sputters. "How—how did you—"
“But you did, so thank you,” says Dean firmly, because Cas looks haunted by the memory, and Dean wants to wipe that expression away. “How did you even know I needed help?”
"It was you," says Castiel. "In Dean's dreams, on the dock. You were in his head."
"Let me help you," says Sam immediately. "Dean, you go ahead—I'll be right there."
Dean scoffs, pretending to dust flour off his jeans so that he has an excuse to look down. He can feel his cheeks getting warm.
Dean wraps his fingers around the back of Cas's neck and pulls Cas lower for another kiss. Cas nips gently at his bottom lip, sighs against Dean's mouth. Cas tastes like pine and honey; he smells like a cold night, like the air right before a storm. Dean thinks that he could do this forever, just lie here on the sun-warmed metal of his car and trace his hands over Cas's shoulders and chest and fit their mouths together like pieces of a puzzle—
"The storage room," says Dean immediately, and then he's striding through the Bunker,
The Empty spits a kind of slow, entropic irritation at him. A resigned sort of disgust, a lowering of a weapon.
"Cas, calm down—"
Dean hums around the shaft and Cas makes a choked noise. He tightens his fingers in Dean's hair, his chin dropping down toward his hitching chest.
Castiel trembles. He imagines killing Corin, doing it slowly, excruciatingly. Scattering the pieces after.
, and he keeps moving, because if he doesn't he'll drown.
"Dean," says Castiel again. "I did not renege on a cosmic bargain and claw my way out of the Empty just to watch you die from being impaled on a rusty piece of metal, right in front of me."
Castiel loosens his grip on the coat, but Dean stays where he is, on his hands and knees with his head tipped up, his mouth
"You found me," says Dean finally. His voice is a rasp. "In Hell."
Dean wasn't made for love, he was made for war. And so he fights, there in the back of his head, a tiny, immense, desperate war.
Dean clicks the handcuffs into place around his wrists. He looks back up, his face expressionless. Castiel fights against whatever spell holds him in place, but it's useless; he can only stand helplessly, rooted to the carpet.
But the thought slides away, unfinished.
—he doesn't
"I could. But I'd rather not." Now it's his turn to hesitate. "They aren't a pleasant sight, these days." He doesn't feel like trying to put into words the shame of it, the revulsion he feels towards his own form.
"You came for me," Cas mumbles, into Dean's hair.
!” he snarls, to the blank cold sky.
"Yeah. I—" Sam clears his throat. "I know. I have to try, too. But I wish I—"
wanted? For my own selfishness? To impose
, Dean."
“Feels like we’ve been driving forever,” Sam complains.
“What, Amara?” Dean snorts. He takes a long draught of his beer. “Trust me, I don’t.”
"Oh, come on," Chuck snarls, "
“Oh—” says Sam, as the tablet starts chiming, “sorry, Charlie’s calling, merry Christmas guys—”
Dean feels the knife slide in, under his ribs, and he can't stop the punched-out sound that leaves his throat as his knuckles go white against Sam's shoulder. The knife feels hot, like someone's digging into him with a heated poker. But the surge it sends through his veins is cold: ice crawling through him, frostbite under his skin. He can feel Sam's hand tightening on his shoulder, holding him up as his knees threaten to buckle underneath him. A swell of vertigo makes him screw his eyes shut for a second.
“Dean,” says Cas. His voice rumbles in his chest, reverberates up through Dean’s jaw. “I’m happy when I’m with
They make great time heading west. Dean finally calls it for the night, parks them at a decrepit little diner advertising its daily special in faded hand-lettering. The ramshackle mundanity of it all is somehow charming, after everything they've survived. Dean turns the collar of his jacket up against the chilly air and thinks about maybe heading towards Washington. They could get a cabin by the shore. He can picture it in his head. Peaceful. Just for a couple of weeks before they get back in the saddle. The world seems to still be ticking along, in the wake of Chuck's scythe-induced disintegration, but he and Sam could use a vacation anyway.
They drive and drive.
of the life, but—we also
being the operative word. Because now, as Dean turns around, he almost falls over in pure shock, and normal flies out the back of his head and into the rainy morning outside.
"What?" says Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam knows well enough. "You don't really feel it," he says. "Not while you don't have it. You know something's missing, you know it
“We’re not married, but no he isn’t a scam artist.” It didn’t feel like a lie when he knew that Dean was never the type to take advantage of anyone who needed his help. “I can give you his cell number and let him know to expect a text from Leah.”
“Shit, I’m sorry for bring it up,” Abby said, looking down at the table with a sheepish expression.
“Fine,” Dean said, he never could say no to Cas. “I’ll pick him up, but you might want to at least get up and put pants on before we get back.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean grumbled, pushing himself to sit up. He smiled sleepily up at Castiel, and Castiel ached with how badly he wanted to reach out to run his hand through Dean’s messy hair. His longing for Dean was a constant, thrumming presence simmering under the surface of his skin, but he’d gotten used to ignoring it over the years. He settled onto the couch next to Dean.
“You know, why not?” Dean finally said.
“Is your brother’s dick really cursed?”
“No, I want to Cas,” Dean said. The steady way he held Castiel’s gaze made Castiel believe him. “Sam’s just being Sam, you know. He loves getting involved in everyone’s business. Always thinks he knows what’s best.”
This one is from Dean's POV and is just a straight mildly ridiculous little one-shot. I hope you have fun with it!
“We have to tell him, Dean,” Castiel said, feeling mildly annoyed that Dean was even suggesting they keep their marriage a secret. “I’m sure it will be fine. Sam’s very understanding.”
“Oh it is. All that and more,” Dean said, dryly. Fuck, he wanted a drink.
“I just don’t get it, why are you marrying me?” Dean asked, sounding as confused as Castiel felt. “You could do a hell of a lot better, maybe even find someone you actually want to, you know,
“Yes,” he’d finally answered.
Sam had looked over with an unreadable expression on his face, “Yeah. He got rid of all the liquor in the bunker as soon as we got back here with Jack.”
“Hey buddy,” Dean said, scooping him up and kissing the top of his head. Jack sighed happily and cuddled into Dean’s shoulder, his eyes slipping shut again. “You should probably go get changed for work, Cas. It’s just about three-thirty.”
As Castiel had predicted, the allure of bubbles was dulled by the freezing weather and they were back inside after less time than it had taken to get Jack ready in the first place. It had, however, tired Jack out enough that he happily settled in to quietly play with his blocks while Castiel took some time to tend to the plants scattered around the ground floor.
Instead of asking Dean himself, which Castiel had known would get him nowhere, he’d tracked down Sam who was hunched over a book in the library.
“Un-fucking-fortunately,” Dean said, resisting the urge to bang his head against the table, but just barely.
At first, Castiel hadn’t known what to expect living with Dean. His fears had turned out to be unnecessary, he’d realized, as they had quickly fallen into an easy routine.
“Those first few weeks, he seemed to be bleeding power. Making light bulbs explode, turning appliances on at random. But I think he was also healing Dean. Jack’s been more attached to him from the beginning. He managed to start reining it in after he scared himself making a door slam shut and it hasn’t been as much of a problem since then.”
“The other morning at breakfast we were talking and I just realized there was no one else I’d want to spend my life with,” Castiel felt his blush deepen. “So I asked him and he said yes. And then Jack dumped an entire bottle of maple syrup on himself, which really made the moment memorable.”
It took some time to clean the remnants of breakfast off of a squirming Jack and even more time to coerce him into his winter clothes. The snow hadn’t accumulated enough to bother with snow pants when they wouldn’t be outside for long, but he managed to get Jack into his puffy blue coat with matching mittens and a bright pink hat that Castiel had knitted himself, a hobby he’d picked up because it was both a productive and relaxing way to pass time, with a giant bobble on top that Jack adored.
“No, of course not,” Castiel rushed to clarify. “I was only wondering. I know this has been an adjustment and I wanted to be sure that you’re still happy here.”
Castiel’s brain screeched to a halt at the complete non-sequitur, “What?”
“Continue to have encounters?” Dean repeated, nonplussed, “Cas, I haven’t been with anyone like that in, well, years. Not really interested in the hit it and quit it life anymore, you know?”
Dean snorted in a way that made him glad he hadn’t been drinking anything, “What?”
Dean had turned back to him, eyes downcast,  “I’m going to bed.” He’d left the room without looking at Castiel.
“Have you guys ever heard of the Supernatural books?” And there it was. Those stupid fucking books. They just followed Dean around like a bad fucking penny.
Abby was his primary colleague for the closing shift. She was in her mid-twenties and Castiel found that she was good company, unobtrusive when he wasn’t in the mood to chat but also always willing to get into long-winded discussions about whatever one of them was reading that day if he was feeling social.
“Okay bud,” Dean said as he swooped in and grabbed Jack. “Let’s give Papa a minute to get up. How about you help me make some pancakes?”
“Of course,” Castiel said. Movie night was a staple after their weekly Sam call. Dean always made stovetop popcorn and the three of them would pile on the couch to watch a movie of Jack’s choice until his bedtime. Once Jack was asleep, Dean and Castiel would switch to a more adult movie. Recently, they’d been making their way through the Marvel movies since they were on the same subscription as all of Jack’s favorites and apparently Dean had missed a lot of them when they’d premiered, being busy saving the world and all. Their movie nights were some of Castiel’s favorite nights, despite the fact that superhero movies were not his favorite. He loved getting to be close to both Deana and Jack with nothing pressing to get done. It was a luxury that he didn’t take for granted after so many years of constant near-death situations.
“I do suppose it would be a waste of my depleted grace to use it to clean up my coat,” Castiel had said, looking down at his coat. He had grown attached to it and it would be a shame to have it stained with any sort of bodily fluids.
Castiel leaned back against him, “I’d never.”
As Dean moved closer, Castiel could see that his cheeks were bright pink, likely from the cold, and he was still wearing his coat and the gray beanie that Castiel had knitted him.
“The books were written and published without Dean and Sam’s consent,” Cas said tersely, rubbing a hand across Dean’s back.
“Clearly he has good foresight,” Abby said with a decisive nod. “He definitely sounds like a keeper. I know I haven’t met him, but Leah’s certainly a fan and I trust her judgement.”
“It’s not a problem, the kid’s an angel,” Jody said with a small smirk, making Dean laugh. “Seriously, though, I’m happy to watch him any time. I know how hard it can be to get some time to yourself when you’ve got a kid. And I hope you and Cas made the most of your night.”
Castiel sighed, “I have a photo of you and Jack on my desk and Abby asked if you were my partner. I said yes because it seemed like the easiest explanation, and not completely untrue as we are partners in many ways.”
It hadn’t taken long for Dean to secure his job at a mechanic’s shop in town. The owner, Fred, was a gruff older man who, from Dean’s stories, sounded a lot like Bobby. When Dean had proven himself to be a reliable, efficient worker, Fred had quickly offered him an assistant manager role.
“Oh,” Castiel had said quietly. He hadn’t been sure what to make of that.
The wedding was simple. Neither Castiel nor Dean had felt an urge to have a lavish celebration. They’d easily agreed that all they wanted was to spend time with their friends and family while eating good food and maybe dancing. The dancing part was something that Castiel had had to talk Dean around to, but Dean had finally agreed that dancing appeared to be an expected part of a wedding party.
“Good morning,” Castiel replied, stopping to place a kiss on top of Jack’s head before slumping into his seat at the table.
“We used to be ghost hunters, before Jack,” Dean said, “When you mentioned your problems with the house we thought we’d check it out and that we’d be able to deal with it without you noticing.”
“I know,” Dean had replied, “we’re gonna need to find some real fucking jobs to keep the lights on now."
“Well,” Dean said, cutting Cas off before he had to try to somehow condense his life as an angel into a palatable-for-humans dinner table story, “for me it started when a demon killed my mom when I was four.”
That conversation had somehow settled something between them and they had both been more relaxed after.
But that night, before he’d opened Jack’s door, he had been able to hear Dean already inside. His voice had been nothing more than a soft rumble through the door as he’d sang quietly, accompanied by the creak of the rocking chair, which Sam had apparently found at a nearby antique shop and Dean liked to joke was probably haunted because he enjoyed the irony.
Castiel had bristled at that, “I thought you, out of everyone, would be supportive of trying to give Jack a normal childhood.”
That night was one that had him craving the escape of sleep.
After they had spent most of dinner (the burger was good, but not outstanding) explaining the basics of ghosts, demons, and monsters, Abby squinted at them and said, “It’s so weird but it totally reminds me of this book series I was really into during high school.” Dean felt his stomach clench, anticipating her next question.
Castiel allowed Dean to practically carry him out of the house to the Impala.
It wasn’t the first time that Dean had suggested this, but Castiel was always reluctant since Abby believed they were romantic partners and he knew how uncomfortable that insinuation would make Dean.
“Just… gimme a sec,” Bobby said, fiddling with the pockets on his shirt, his trousers. He seemed to have at least momentarily given up on the pretence that he didn’t need help, and Dean felt his heart… shift, a little. He would never have to grow up to look after his parents as they got older because neither of them had lived long enough for that. He wondered whether his Dad would have softened in his old age, whether they might have got to meet him, vulnerable, frustrated at being able to do less…
“Trying to figure out what’s the most secure way of managing this…”
Dean looked away and Cas caught his hand before Dean could rake it back through his hair.
Cas moving away to sit up also meant that neither of them had a hand on each other anymore. That anchorage had gone.
The ringmaster leaned forward, and his position on the step meant that he was able to look Dean straight in the eye. “We both know that your ‘people’ consist of an absent, abusive father and a teenager planning on crossing the country and becoming very busy very soon. And you’re not the first hunter in my collection, oh no. I’ve been in this game a very long time, and the show must go on, because it has
“My Grandma used to say stuff like that. That’s why she lived out in the middle of nowhere. I always thought that was pretty cool as a kid. She loved me, but I think she’d just straight-up given up on my Mom a long time ago – and yeah – she just never let other people’s bullshit drag her down.” Ruby nodded to herself, grimacing. “Which is probably how I ended up as a ‘Career Woman’ type with no thoughts of a family, and, y’know…”
“I mean you play good when it’s your own songs. It’s just your choice in covers I’m questioning. And, rightly.”
It just didn’t make much sense.
It wasn’t all that long a walk home, but Dean hadn’t remembered anything to listen to music with, so he was a little relieved when he saw Sam was calling him. The road he was following felt too quiet, somehow.
“Don’t make that face at me. I told you already I am not coming with you on that fucking retreat.”
She looked him right back in the eye and smiled. “Sure. Why wouldn’t I be?”
They didn’t talk much on the drive home. Sam broke first, sometime after the third cassette tape, which was a sign in and of itself. Dean rarely showed how badly he needed comfort or control over his life – the cassettes meant something.
Sam smiled wryly and picked up the coffee press. “And the other half?”
“Sounds like a solid theory.”
Dean had shook his head at the ceiling, like he was appealing to Jack to break his interventionist rules and shut Sam up for him. “I’ll get there, Sam, I will. I just – I can’t have what I want, alright? So I might as well be out there helping people, doing what I’m good at.”
Dean was definitely right about one thing. They were both broke, and living in a very expensive world.
“You guys were like, Together in college, right?”
Dean tightened his grip on the photos. “Didn’t you figure that all out when you were controlling his mind?”
“Maybe I’ll meet her one day and she can tell me so herself.” Eileen reached carefully for his hand. “I’ve learned not to rule anything out around you.”
“Don’t be a dick.”
, too…
“…I don’t think so. Wait,” Cas said, moving towards Dean. If it wasn’t for still being tied up, Dean would have sprang away, but all he could do was sit there as Cas gently put a hand on his arm and stared into his eyes, a hope for something Dean didn’t even know how to name welling up to boil him from the inside.
“…thank you?”
“I - ”Cas twisted his fingers together. “I can’t do it, Sam. I can’t even look at him.”
Just a little transition chapter...
Vampire strength meant that he didn’t really need a shovel, and since he hadn’t thought to bring one he got down on his hands and knees and started pulling up the earth with his own hands. The mud stained his fingernails and Dean felt more solid, more real than he had in nearly a year. Finally, there was something he knew that he wanted, that he knew he could have, that was very literally in reach.
“Still with the
Dean leaves, Cas follows.
“Besides,” Dean explained again as he watched, oddly fixated on the sight of the muscles beneath Cas’s rolled up sleeves. “There’s my bad back to think of.” For emphasis, Dean stretched out his arms behind him and almost managed to lose his balance on the headstone he was perching on.
Dean watched Cas’s throat carefully as he swallowed, picking his next words with obvious care. “I’ve told you, my family’s very religious, very traditional. They’ve found a match for me. I’m going to get married, Dean. I – I can’t see you anymore.”
(Dean had asked Cas to carry him to bed once, drunk, in another life. Cas had said no, then, that Dean was far too heavy. It was funny, the way the lies piled up.)
Meg was probably his closest friend, and she’d often teased him about having a thing for a roommate, so he thought she’d have something to say about being proved right. He wasn’t exactly looking for advice, because he wasn’t sure he trusted Meg to give him any, but he was needing to hear at least an indication of what she thought of the whole situation.
movie.”
“I mean, you look all pale and like you feel like finding one of those paper airplane bags… I’m Garth, by the way. Can I offer you a sweet to stop your ears from popping? Some people say it don’t work for them, but I always find…”
Rufus snorted. “I’ve always been well loved. Makes me well missed. Now get off my land already.”
“What?”
Besides. They hadn’t dealt with anything more than small-fry hunts in… well since they’d put Lucifer away. Surely, Dean was bigger and scarier than anything else left out there.
And he looked disappointed.
“Whoah, there, show’s over buddy,” he heard Charlie say from the cage next to him. Slowly, Dean sat himself up and looked around his cage. For the first time, he was in there alone.
“I didn’t tell you to stop.” Cas bit down on his lip. Couch sex had sounded like a good idea, but now it felt squeaking and awful. And the logistics hadn’t become any easier now that they were in the middle of things.
Blinking, Cas set his glass down and clutched at the couch end for support. “What?” He didn’t feel like he could be drunk enough to have lost his grip this badly on the course of the conversation. One moment they’d been discussing Dean getting a dumb text from yet another of his fleeting exes, and the next Dean seemed to be mad at him – or mad at himself?
“Oh, I don’t think you really want to put yourselves at risk like that.”
And here she was tonight fucking melting. Absolutely pathetic.
“Passport, Ma’am?”
And now Dean was standing apart from him again and Sam looked like he didn’t want to believe what was going on but also like he wanted to cry and Cas’s face was next to his.
Right.
Roughly wiping his face again, Sam grinned and got to his feet. “I’m not sure. I guess he’s fully powered up again now – he’ll be hard to keep track of again.” He offered a hand down to Dean. “But he’ll be along I guess – he always is. I’m just glad he was this time.”
…like he could hear every thought and they were feeding him.
Dean grinned, still staring at the road. “Yeah, I guess this was always a long shot. Seems like there’s a whole lot going on… you think they were a couple?”
Some glint of the terrifying fighting machine Dean knew the angel to be on stage appeared in his eyes, like he was furious any human could demand anything of him. Then it died away again, and Cas just seemed like his usual self: vaguely depressed. “You know that this isn’t my body.”
“Funny. He was all alone when I found him.”
And then he was on the ground. There were leg spasms, and a lot of blood. Dean couldn’t see the head from where he sat. He vaguely hoped that he wouldn’t have been able to force a last unbearable smile in there at the end.
“I have to go,” he said simply.
lining the streets outside his window and most bizarre of all there wasn’t a single cloud in the sky today despite the famous smog he’d been told to expect. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen one of those. That just did not get to happen back home, ever. Especially not with Christmas jingles being blasted from the radio.
It turned out that the guy behind the counter recognised Sam, which Sam seemed bashful about, and they sat in to have their chips with kebab and curry sauce. Ruby ignored her date for a full 10 minutes as she had what she felt might be a religious experience.
Cas, who wouldn’t leave him alone.
Cas shrugged.
Dean grinned at the road. He was relieved that so far they hadn’t suffered through any long silences, but now every time the conversation ebbed even a little he started worrying that it wouldn’t return. That this would turn awkward, and Cas would start wondering what sort of fuckery he’d signed on for.
“I feel certain you used to complain about
Dean blinked a few times, feeling like he’d picked up a new concussion no one had told him about. His head wasn’t sore exactly but it felt… fuzzy.
“What’s up?”
He shrugged his shoulders and felt Benny’s hand clamp one of them back down with the weight of an open hand. “It’s nothing. We’ll just call you the new guy.”
“So, if I started irking you.”
Dean was so fragile, so human, and he just wouldn’t stop putting himself out there to defend the compound from the ever-encroaching packs of monsters. And, no matter how much Dean started to imply he wanted to finally meet Cas’s brother, Cas couldn’t bear the thought.
“A what?”
Much as Sam hoped there weren’t any hellhounds after him, it was a little funny to watch his brother slide down the door in obvious relief, clutching the dog to his chest like a teddy bear with his face white as a sheet.
Cas had a nice place, Dean thought as he stared at the front door. In comparison to how Ruby was living, Cas’s apartment would seem almost working class -  if it weren’t for the price-tag Dean knew was hanging over the area. It was minimalist but not ugly with it. Maybe he liked keeping things simple, humble.
Anna didn’t arrive for the funeral.
An arm flopped over the couch, pointing shakily. “The
“I need a drink,” he mumbled as Garth patted him on the arm in congratulations.
Dean expect to do if he got out?
indestructible.”
“Really?... Oh, you can fuck right off,” Dean finished with a shake of his head.
“Ah, so that’s what siblings are for…” As he laughed, Ruby eyed the mostly empty bottle of wine. “Can I, uh… get you anything?”
Dean barked a laugh. He could believe. This felt real enough for him. “I think I can leave the conflict behind for now.”
Carefully, he pulled her closer, stroking the loose strands of her hair back behind her ears. “I wouldn’t dare.”
“Believe me, sweet is not what I’m famous for.”
Dean swung his eyes up, faux-innocent, towards the ceiling. “Seems like a shame to waste the effort.”
Dean frowned. “You’d let me go?”
But even if it was just begging now, Dean had to keep asking. He just needed to find the right words.
Michael lowered his voice, understanding as always. “Something frightens you more?”
Sam smirked and shook his head. “Can you imagine if you hadn’t made it home? Like if after everything,
A muscle in Cas’s neck – or, his vessel’s neck – moved. “Good luck with that.”
“No,” Cas said, sounding more certain than Sam had heard him sound in years. “No, this is Jack.”
He heard the clouds above boom with thunder and realised it was lightning raging through him now.
The little girl tugged at Sam’s sleeve. “She’s pretty. Can she come in?”
“What?”
“Itching to get home already?”
“Just a little disgusted…”
“Uh-huh?” Dean put down his book and tried to ask nonchalant as he heard his brother slowly set down his heavy bag of books on the floor.
What was it Cas had promised him once?
And suddenly, he was. Cas was sitting in the passenger seat beside him, eyes flaming with a divine rage Dean hadn’t seen alight there in years.
“Like that?”
now.”
Dean squirmed. “Like a year ago? You were wearing that blue shirt.”
“Watch yourself heading back,” he growled at Sam. “If they’re hungry enough…”
Dean shrugged. All of this felt surreal in a way that made him want to burst out into nervous laughter. “Been worse. But I thought you went and
Thinking about it that way, Dean was starting to feel considerably less pathetic. And then his phone buzzed.
Anna’s face hadn’t changed in all the time since they’d last seen each other. It was still his big sister, mad that he’d been playing with her make-up again who turned her fury on him now, and Cas could feel her power, honed by years of practice as his own had not been, crackling in the air. “You’re crazy if you think I’d let you.”
It still wasn’t something he’d gotten used to. In fact…
Dean blinked, eyes widening gratefully. “Oh, thank God, I was getting a headache”
Dean took the hand and got to his feet.
It wasn’t that Dean wasn’t incredible. It was just that there was no one earth-shattering thing that he did or could do that changed Cas’s world so completely. He was just openly himself, and he wanted to share that with Cas. Cas fell in love when Dean remembered his coffee order, when Dean made him a mixtape up of songs he thought Cas would like, when Cas could hear from the static of Dean’s thoughts how deathly afraid he was when he leaned over to kiss him for the first time. But he’d gone ahead and done it anyway because that was who he was.
in the shower.”
Cas sighed, trying to pretend that Dean’s expression hadn’t already succeeded in charming him. “I guess there couldn’t be any harm in a practice run, to try and figure out the
“Cas?” Dean’s voice made a cloud of mist in the cold air. This had to look ridiculous. Good thing no one was passing by.
“Oh, I know -”?
“Boys,” the ringmaster shouted, giving no indication he had heard Dean speak. “The new attraction is here. We’ve got ourselves a demon at last.”
small.
Half-believing he was imagining things now, Dean looked up.
“Well how come you’re here then?”
He was thousands of miles away from home, from his routine, from his family, his friends… and he felt fucking
“When haven’t we got along?” Cas asked, not daring to turn his head and meet Dean’s eye.
he texted Meg at 11.30pm, just before getting up to use the toilet. He’d wanted to be in bed already, but through a mixture of the alcohol and crushing guilt still swimming its way through his system, sleep felt like the last thing he’d be able to do.
When he dropped the carcass, which was mostly fur and bones, now, Sam let out a slow breath. The purple in Dean’s eyes was fading, again, and he could almost believe his brother was entirely himself again. If it wasn’t for the blood covering his bristled chin, of course.
Ruby’s eyes flickered up to the man standing in the doorway and forced a smile. “Thanks for the advice, get back to work and how long were you standing there, Ash?”
, Dean wanted to tell someone, but since the only someone around was the man himself he succeeding in swallowing that. “I mean I also do music… sort of. Not like you.”
“That smell,” she said, “What is that?”
“Yeah, me too.”
Knowing his roommate could hear him practice through the walls and playing directly to an audience of only him were two very different things. True, Cas would play for other friends, sometimes, but…
It really was like trying to drown yourself, Dean thought as the door finally burst open. No matter how much you willed your body to sink, to stop moving, it generally took a lot to keep it from thrashing. Dean was going to keep on thrashing, for now. Hadn’t he always told Sam he planned to go down swinging?
“I don’t need friends. I have underlings.” At Dean continuing to stare him down with only some amusement, Crowley eventually broke and looked away. “But sometimes underlings become dull.”
“He looks like the crazy knight in the
“Sure,” Dean said, giving a dark little laugh that didn’t suit him.
Dean groaned, before clutching at his armrests as the plane started lurching forward. “Fuckfuck
Cas had his legs crossed now, and the dog seemed to be considering climbing into his lap. Sam had guessed that it was barely older than a puppy, but despite its age it seemed to carry itself with a weary dignity worthy of an old wizard.
And somehow, they still weren’t closing the space. But they did still have time. All the time even they could ever need. “So whose is this, then?”
Why would I…”
“… then Donny crashed here for a few days.”
hat nothing was showing.
As the boy – Jack, Dean corrected himself, hating that he knew, still wishing the kid gone, maybe even dead – took a step into the bunker and out of the light the crack disappeared behind him. At the sight of Dean, he beamed like he’d just finished a fucking Easter Egg hunt.
But then, he reminded himself as he watched Dean plate him up a pile of pancakes, fatigue was also a general symptom of depression, so who was to say where this particular bout was coming from. Also, as Dean had remarked, he really wasn’t a morning person.
When whatever had happened to Dean had happened he’d been entirely alone. No Cas, no Sam, no team of friends or comrades. Just himself alone with his thoughts –
He was having fun. He was ready for the one coming at him, and maybe even the one coming up behind them, dumb purple eyes flashing with rage –
Filming Day
“…wanna talk me through that again?”
…But it still took them a surprisingly long time to get to the Broughty Ferry side of town where she’d be staying, by which time she was only just resisting the urge to bash her head against the door of the cab. Like, sure, this part was looking at least a little cleaner, but it had all gotten so fucking dark so fast. Literally. It literally looked like the middle of the night out there and it wasn’t even 4pm yet.
“Yeah?”
Shaking his head again, Dean seemed torn between accusing the dog of something or cracking a bad joke. “Fine.”
Cas narrowed his eyes at his roommate, who’d just finally emerged from his room, eyes rimmed red and still in pyjamas. It was almost midday.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Good too much or bad too much?”
he finished glumly in his head.
“He’s right,” Sam said at last. “You should all leave.”
“How could you tell?”
Dean groaned, thudding the chair back on the ground. “He’s expecting rent.”
Cas got down off the stool to grapple the spoon playfully out of the dog’s mouth, who gave it up trustingly. Yeah. Dean wished he was just playing up how suspicious he found the situation, but the animal did seem a lot more thoughtful than he’d ever expected one to be. It seemed stupid to think that something so mundane as a stray dog could willingly land in their laps. Even if it wasn’t evil, there had to be more to the situation.
He was too hungover to deal with this.
Dean for much longer than Sam had been expecting. Though his own earlier conversation with his brother had left him feeling drained, he was itching to get back up there and try talking to him again himself. The pipe dream fantasy of a year had come true – Dean was alive.
On autopilot, Dean picked up his phone and scrolled back to the last email he’d had through from Arthur that he’d spent a day wondering how to reply to. He’d sent Dean over the manuscript for his novel, asking for Dean’s opinions. Because he still
He shrugged. “I guess I can be? We get some pretty dicey stuff in since it’s internet based but… I enjoy it anyway. The company tends to give me a lot of freedom.”
. It’s found us.”
“Yes?”
The December winds beating at his window, making the whole house shake, felt like they were mocking him somehow. What else did he have to look forward to?
He could hide in the book carts. Right. It was gonna be dark, and he could totally be sly when he wanted to be. Then he’d just chill there until the real live non-ninja guards were gone and get back to his PC. Hopefully he’d have finished with the work within a couple of hours, then keep awake till morning by finding out how prejudiced the college computers were against porn sites. And not to mention clearing the coffee vending machines. Or he could just get some sleep on the couches back in the coffee shop. For once it wasn’t like anyone was around to take up all the space.
Cas’s lips twitched upwards. “Would it help if I yelled? Or lectured? Because really the fact that you allowed yourself to die so quickly after I left you was unimaginably disappointing.”
“I’m surprised you never wanted a pet. Growing up,” Cas said eventually as he pretended to focus on the tabs open on the screen.
Later, Anna smashed it to pieces with her sword. Cas felt nothing as he watched her do it, but it felt good to hold her afterwards as she sobbed. He had missed hugging her.
“Is that…” His face went slack into what would have been the most adorable little “O” expression if it was anyone else making it. If it wasn’t the thing that had left Cas first brainwashed, then dead.
This was no sickness, this was his deal catching up with him, it had to be. No lasting harm, he’d said. How could this kind of pain not lead to lasting harm? What the hell was happening to him?
Cas was still learning and remembering what the “normal” ages for reaching most milestones were, but this seemed fairly young.
Not for the first time in recent weeks, Cas noticed that his gaze seemed to make Dean uncomfortable, so he dropped his eyes back to the laptop. He could feel how badly the man was brimming with longing to tell him something, but since he hadn’t figured out clearly enough what that something was and Cas always did his best not to pry into the surface thoughts of his friends’ thoughts, exactly what Dean wanted to tell him remained a mystery. But the tension of the unsaid things was becoming almost harder to stomach being in a room with than their not talking at all had been.
Dean’s new travelling companion nodded thoughtfully. “Don’t have any way to help you get inebriated there, compadre, but I can lend you my fidget cube if that would be of any help to you…”
“I heard you – I just…”
“I can probably find it ok,” Ruby said, crossing her arms, deciding she’d already let the rebound run on too long. “But, hey, if you’re out on this side of town again…”
‘Armless.
“The way that she died… I think she died trying to get through to Jack. She risked everything. And after we lost her Dean gave up and I – I followed,” Sam finished lamely. It shouldn’t stand as an excuse, but he had nothing else to say. It felt like every time he made a decision alone he screwed it up in world-endingly bad fashion. It was easier playing second fiddle.
“Hello.”
“Yeah – ‘course.”
“What about Purgatory?”
As Ruby struggled to remember how to breathe, she thought that even if she did end up leaving the day after arriving here it might not have been a total waste of a trip.
angel,” he said, eyes glimmering with that same sad laughter as he continued to stare at Dean as though he’d never seen something so interesting in his life.
Ruby knew that she’d made the right decision to head back home instead of following the cute boy who’d latched onto her all around his town the moment she slipped into her bath. (Dean’s bath). For the first time that day, she could forget about how cold it was
This was not the way he’d hoped to have this conversation.
. He’d found the momentum to start walking away, to not look back, he couldn’t stop that now. Anyway, what did Cas think this was, a happy ending? That they were just going to walk off into the sunset together into parts unknown like two lonely cowboys from an old movie?
It was, after all, a place for a single guy. Dean had made sure to check that out the night before = and while he still wasn’t sure enough to make a move, he was almost certain that the guy wasn’t straight.
The monsters were out there, unless someone in
“You know what’s great about this?”
“Saving that this long does not seem like you.”
Dean laughed. “Yeah. We’re simpler than yours, for sure, but that’s never looked stable. At best we used to hit functional.” He tapped his fingers absently on the steering wheel, in what vaguely resembled the beat of the music. “Uh... Yeah. I mean I guess seeing Bobby yesterday was making me think about my Dad. I always thought we’d come back here, some day, even if it was just a trip or whatever. That he hadn’t just ran away. But he never got to do the grumpy old man thing – he was just a grumpy man, and then he was a dead man.”
Cas wouldn’t have knocked on Dean’s door after midnight, especially not when he could hear Bob Seger (which Dean tended to use to get to sleep) softly blaring but he could see the light streaming from under the door so he figured Dean was still up and around.
Cas watched Sam continue back towards camp. “I know.”
?” Dean asked himself aloud before opening the door to the outside. Which, though he was braced for the cold, was still, obviously, pleasantly warm.
“Cas. Y’know…” Dean swallowed and Cas wanted to look away. Cas had literally watched the Tower of Babel fall and had found it less excruciating.
Michael stopped him with a marble arm before Dean’s leap on him could land, and Dean found himself on the ground, his long-broken nose bleeding and covered in dust. His hand curled into the dirt. This wasn’t a fight he was going to win, but maybe…
“I’ve seen Kevin. And though Rowena’s not become any kind of saint she’s been cooperative with Jack in managing who should be where. Apparently she enjoys being “Favourite Auntie to the Big Man”.”
,” Dean growled. Then the anger, the energy, that had briefly possessed him seemed to leave, and he looked lost again.
Dean had kept his mouth obediently closed at the time, but now he was alone in the dry outdoors - alone for miles if his nose wasn’t lying to him - nothing stopped him from letting out a shuddered gasp as he came all over his painted fingernails; his bloody hands.
Dean raised an eyebrow and slumped himself down on his bed. “This your idea of a party? Fuck, you need more friends, dude…”
Cas shook his head and moved towards the nearest couch arm, suddenly filled with certainty so strong it didn’t feel as though it could belong to him. “No, we’re not. Dean…” he took a seat on the couch arm. “I thought this would be awful. I’m not mentally healthy to be locked up indoors, I might never be back in an ok position with my music again and it feels like the world is ending outside… but you’ve made these weeks fun. This place has never felt so much like a home.” He swallowed. “And it’s selfish, but I don’t want everything to go back to normal.”
“Alright,” Abby said, still sounding upset. “Look, maybe we could all try having lunch again some other time. Sans ghost hunting.”
Castiel went through the motions of his morning ablutions before stumbling down the stairs to the kitchen, still feeling half asleep.
be with.”
“What?” Dean had said, staring blankly at him.
“Yes,” Castiel had responded from where he was carefully painting warding onto the living room walls with paint that could only be seen under a blacklight. “Home sweet home.”
Castiel thought about the carefully prepared meals. The way Dean took care of needs before Castiel himself knew they were there. His car scraped clean of snow after a winter storm. Dozens, possibly hundreds, of perfectly prepared mugs of coffee or tea being handed to him. Packets of seeds left on the counter after a trip to the hardware store. Coming home at night to Dean waiting on the couch until he was sure that Castiel was home safe. The evidence of Dean’s love had been surrounding him and he hadn’t even noticed.
On top of not speaking to each other, neither Dean nor Sam had been to be speaking to Castiel. It made for an awkward dinner as they had all silently eaten the sandwiches that Castiel had thrown together with the only remaining food supplies in the fridge. Dean had been eating his single handedly, his other arm cradling Jack who had been sleeping after loudly refusing to let go of Dean ever since Dean had gotten back.
“Seriously? We’d appreciate that so much.” Abby said, her thumb still moving reassuringly against Leah’s arm.
The walls had been painted a soft warm yellow, making the space seem bright without any sunlight. There were decals on the wall depicting various animals, a solid oak crib fitted with a bright yellow sheet decorated with tiny printed bees. A dresser with a changing pad on top was placed in one corner and a rocking chair beside a shaded floor lamp was in another. Spread across the floor was a fluffy white rug that had a colorful play mat and various stuffed toys on top of it.
“No,” Castiel had answered bluntly.
“It suits you both, these lives, I think,” Castiel said. “It truly is breaking a cycle. No more dying, no more deals with cosmic entities. A chance to just live the lives you both deserve.” There was beauty in that, Castiel thought.
Almost everything had been exactly as he’d left it. Not that that was surprising, as he’d had very few belongings that he kept to begin with. The only difference had been that the photo he usually kept on his desk, a candid of him and Dean that Charlie had sent him back when she was alive, was missing. He’d made a mental note to ask about it in the morning and kicked off his shoes before lying on the bed and falling immediately into a dreamless sleep.
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean said as soon as Castiel walked into the kitchen. The sun had barely started to rise, but the kitchen lights bathed the room in a welcoming golden glow.
“Bye,” Jack called happily, almost hitting Dean in the face as he waved at Jody.
“We- uh, we can explain…” Dean started, but Castiel held up a hand to stop him.
“Aren’t you the one who told me that watching people sleep is creepy?” Castiel asked dryly, keeping his voice soft so he wouldn’t wake Jack who was sprawled across his chest.
“Look, you don’t have to worry about it, you’re perfectly safe here now,” Dean said appeasingly.
“Cas,” Dean had said, “you don’t have to apologize. This is your home too, you’re welcome to anything here.” He’d rubbed at the back of his neck after that, face slightly flushed from sleep. “Here, I can show you how to use it.”
“Cute kid,” Abby had said when she noticed, “is he your son?”
Cas nodded in agreement, “The Winchesters and their associates, myself included, do have an unnatural tendency to die and return to life.”
“For so long it was just me and Sam against the world.” Dean said and Castiel could feel him shift to look straight across the yard. Castiel looked over to where Sam was dancing with Eileen, laughing as she tried to dip him, certain that Dean was watching too. “And I realize now how unhealthy that was. We’re both doing so much better now that we’re not living in each other’s pockets and constantly sacrificing ourselves for each other. It’s kinda funny actually that he found a place for himself and is thriving in the life he always tried to escape from while I’m the one married with a kid,” Dean laughed, his breath tickling the shell of Castiel’s ear. “Never saw that one coming.”
“That’s a story you can retell at his own wedding,” Abby said, laughing.
Everything about Jack was perfect. His round little cheeks, bright blue eyes, fuzzy blond hair, Castiel could spend hours observing every tiny detail. He did just that, taking in everything about Jack that he could in the light of the passing streetlamps as they drove back to the bunker.
“No, it’s okay. It’s nothing I can’t handle,” Dean took a long sip from his glass of water.
“Looks like you two had a busy day,” Dean said, smirking at Jack who was still fast asleep.
“I could try to get off work early enough one afternoon this week so that we could go down to the courthouse,” Dean said as they settled into the chairs on the porch.
“You’re getting married?” Sam exclaimed when Dean told him, sounding understandably shocked. “What- How-”
“Well who am I to deny that,” the way Dean smiled at Castiel could only be described as fond, something that made Castiel feel warm all over. Sometimes Dean looked at him so fondly that Castiel wondered if he wasn’t actually alone in his feelings. But then Dean would clap him on the shoulder and call him buddy and the illusion would be shattered. It was something that Castiel was used to, and still something he wouldn’t trade.
“Is this okay?” Castiel stopped to ask.
“Shut up and go to sleep,” Dean said, reaching up to ruffle Castiel’s hair.
Once he was inside the library it was warm and quiet. It was early enough in the semester that there weren’t many students studying in the space so it was sure to be a slow evening shift.
“I overextended myself, just as you warned me not to, and you ended up having to carry me home, just like you didn’t want to,” Castiel sighed. “I was trying my best to be useful, I’m still adjusting to only having limited amounts of grace.”
It had surprised Castiel how Dean and Sam had managed to create a nursery out of an empty room in the utilitarian bunker the first time Dean showed him Jack’s room.
“Not your fault, man,” Sam had said, reaching over to pat him on the shoulder, “We’re all just glad you’re back.”
“You- are you serious?” Dean had asked.
“‘Course I don’t mind,” Dean said. “You know I take personal offense to scumbags like that.” It was true that now that Dean had a reputable profession he was incredibly outspoken about the less than honest tactics of the mechanics shop in the neighboring town.
“That tracks,” Claire replied as Dean deposited Castiel on the couch.
“Did you really go to hell?” Abby asked immediately.
Unsure what to do, Castiel had looked over at Sam who was staring disbelievingly at the doorway. “For fuck’s sake,” he’d said, pushing his chair back with an angry squeak against the tile. As he’d stomped after his brother, he’d given Castiel a long look that had clearly implied that this turn of events was entirely Castiel’s fault.
They were quiet for a few moments before Dean asked, “Do you ever think about the type of woman you’d have ended up with if, you know, you’d had a more normal life?”
When they climbed into bed Castiel spooned himself against Dean’s back, taking comfort in the warm weight of Dean in his arms.
“Love you too, Cas,” Dean said with a happy sigh.
