"Mycroft," Sherlock greeted warily. He hadn't heard anything from his brother regarding John's ill-fated meeting with Sherlock and whether Mycroft had heard back from John. Oh, they had exchanged pleasantries, and Mycroft had yelled at him for the disaster Sherlock and John had made of the house, but not what he wanted to hear. And of course Sherlock daren't ask Mycroft directly, because unlike Mrs Hudson's, the teasing would
Sherlock danced away playfully and led a merry chase to a car that was waiting for them. John laughed and followed happily.
"Fuck." Greg buried his head in his hands. That was the last straw for today. He was done. He lifted his head and then threw himself back against his chair. "You know we can't do the show without you."
"I told him that it was too big of a risk for you," Greg said slowly. "He wasn't there when it all went to shit and hasn't had to deal with the fallout." He hung his head. "That said, Sherlock, I think you should rewrite it, too."
"Yeah, why do you insist on using the show's full title?" John inquired. "I mean, wouldn't it be easier to just use the shortened version?"
He ripped off the wrapping, bow and ribbon and gasped when he read the title. In beautiful gold lettering in front of a roaring griffin were the words "The Spring of the Gryphon by Sherlock Holmes" and in smaller print it read "Book One of the 'Seasons of the Beasts' Series".
"The reservation is at eight, so I'll need to pick you up at half seven," John explained as they made for the door. "Where can I pick you up?"
John frowned in confusion. What was that about? He shook his head. He had other things to do besides worry about someone who hated him. Like call his boss and explain why he wasn't going to be at work.
As John was putting away his chemistry book, Sherlock said, "Remember, John. Don't be late. I don't have time to be waiting around for you."
There is a little reference to Doctor Who in here. Just as there a tiny reference to Good Omens in chapter 19. If you spot them, let me know.
"But it's time for new adventures, ones that don't include chasing criminals. We are hanging up the deerstalker for good. We are retiring."
"It appears that the rain has stopped and they have restored power to the grid," Sherlock replied, looking up at the ceiling.
"Mostly RAMC, but when I was studying for my medical degree, I was in the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers," John explained.
The police rushed forward, but it was too late. She slumped to the floor gracefully, her eyes once wild, now glassed over with her death.
He slid his arm around John's shoulders, and John slid his arm around Sherlock's waist. They walked off into the crowd, completely ignoring the wide, open-mouthed gaping Victor was doing.
about how that performance was the best of Sherlock's career. That it was the best that anyone had ever danced in the role of Siegfried. That Sherlock Holmes was finally back in his element.
John's eyebrows shot up, "All right, then. Chapter eleven..." He turned to the appropriate page and began at the top. "
Sherlock chuckled and dived in for another kiss. John hummed happily into his lips. He thought of that quote by Louisa May Alcott:
Mycroft had leaned forward and said into the man's ear, "I'm not the police, and if I didn't believe in Gregory Lestrade and his team, I would throw you someplace that no one would ever find you again."
Half the orchard was relatively normal, a bit overgrown and wild from lack of care. About what you'd expect from a haunted house. The other side, on the other hand, was filled with massive burnt and blackened stumps of what was left of the trees.
Cathy was wrong. So dead wrong. The athleticism of rugby was not the same as the grace and power of ballet. Nowhere near. He couldn't do what Sherlock was doing, not for as long as he was up there. Rugby was short bursts of energy, not this long stamina that the dancers were displaying.
Sherlock looked up to see John standing there. He squeaked and pointed to Victor, "It's his fault I'm here!"
Brook looked over at the driver and then winked. "I knew I would catch your attention eventually. It was only a matter of time."
Mike looked at his mum. "Always thought that having a dad was better than not having one at all, but not if he's like that. Sorry, Mum." Mrs Stamford hugged him.
He was sitting in the VIP box at the Baker Street Sports Centre watching a pre-season exhibition match with the London rugby team. They were playing against Sussex.
Mr Lyons blinked, but motioned for him to come up. As he moved out of the way to let Mycroft take center stage, he muttered to himself, "God help us all."
John took a step back, allowing her hand to drop naturally. "No, seriously. All I want to do is go home, put my feet up, maybe order some take away, and spend the rest of this miserable night in some good company."
Mycroft nodded meekly and let Greg lead the way back to his car. He didn't even argue when Greg put him into the passenger seat and Greg took the wheel.
"Okay," John took a deep breath, "I've tried being nice about this, I've tried ignoring it, I've tried explaining. So now I'm telling you. I assumed that because I was going to be going on tour soon that you would give up this idea that we were a couple, but clearly not. But this is beyond the pale. I. AM. NOT. INTERESTED. IN. YOU."
Sherlock wanted to throw his phone across the room. He didn't need his overbearing brother to meddle in this. He had already half convinced himself to call off the date with John, he didn't need his brother to convince him the rest of the way.
The goth, who was pale to begin with, blanched further, "Look, I know we goths have reputation for courting death, but mate, I ain't suicidal."
Amy coughed discreetly. John looked at her startled, knowing full well the expression on his face was more fond than worried. It seemed that Sherlock had that effect on him. If other people had done what he had, John would be furious. But, no, he was fond. Damn it.
He sighed as Mrs Hudson proceeded to give him a dressing down over calling her friend a dick. Insulting him should have made John feel better. To finally one up this arse, but instead John felt hollow.
Sherlock took a long sip of his club soda, clutching the glass tightly as he tried to stop his whirling thoughts from spinning wildly out of control. His glass was taken away from him and another with a deep amber liquid inside pressed into his hand.
Molly looked up into his face and knew it was time to come clean."There weren't any ghosts for me to speak to, were there?"
"Just like you didn't terrorize Charles Magnusson?" Mrs Hudson asked. "His testicle removal went very well, if you're interested."
Sherlock nearly sagged in relief having an excuse to decline the invitation. "I really want to," he lied. "But Mummy said I had to be home by midnight."
Greg swirled his beer a bit before taking a drink. "Why? You've gone jobless before living with Sherlock and no one has said that."
Mycroft looked over and rolled his eyes. He put his elbow on the bar and turned his body toward Greg, "If you're here to ask me out again, you might as well get it over with."
Sherlock looked down shyly and chewed the bottom of his lip. Then he leaned over and kissed John on the lips. John blinked in shock as Sherlock got out the car and started to walk for the house.
Sherlock: I tried writing it so many times it made my head spin. But whatever I wrote didn't have the same punch, the same innocence that original had, so I left it alone.
"My parents spared no expense. There is a large generator, a walk-in pantry, a tankless water heater, a state of the art kitchen, hell this damn fireplace cost at least £7000. You want to know when the last time they came up here was?"
Sherlock nodded tightly. "I just hope the thousand will be enough to stave them off until I get the card issued."
John was panting for breath when he burst through door and nearly yelled, "Sorry I'm late!" He skidded to a stop. Whatever breath he had left deserted him. Leaning against the professor's desk was this ethereal creature.
"Mrs Hudson, I got a letter saying they want to see me about my book!" he said, picking her up and spinning her around. "I'll need Saturday off."
John glared at her, before picking her up and depositing her on his right side. "Don't be rude. James was on that side first, and I need both of you to see what I'm doing."
"Wasn't what happened to me at that awful party of Sarah's enough to convince you that we are better than that? And what about you? I heard Bertie and Sally bailed on you."
He was about two-thirds of the way through the book when there came a strangled cry, and Sherlock snatched the book out of his hands.
Sherlock smiled, "He's not home right now, we could check out his room. Rifle through his things, find out what else he likes."
Noticing John's look of surprise as Mycroft slipped past him into the room behind him, Greg huffed out a laugh. "We had a couple of line jumpers. It's been a while since I had to do riot control, but this lot is soft in comparison."
Bill looked down at the chart in his hand and sighed. "We've all seen things out here that no one would believe. Be it ghosts or spirits or whatever the hell you want to call them."
"Well, that is interesting!" he agreed. "You planning your own hookup, Janine?" He looked pointedly at where James and Bill were chatting with Greg.
But by the time he arrived at the Royal Opera House, he had traded a half dozen messages with John, and he was smiling like a loon.
Sherlock shook his head. "It took Mycroft two days to figure it out. Though, he may have been prolonging his time with Greg."
"Very much so. There were four people in that room that fateful day; who better to stand by our side than the other two? Molly and Mike," Sherlock explained.
"It was my editor's idea, he thought it was good enough for a whole trilogy," Sherlock said apologetically.
"Seriously," John agreed. "I mean, I was really looking forward to flashing that card around." He put it in the machine and pulled it out again.
Greg led a lumbering Mycroft away from the party, trying to find somewhere quiet so he could get a better idea whether or not the other boy had a concussion.
He glared up at her, "Fine. He hit me because I hit John. And then he said something about Mycroft and him and it didn't make sense!"
John's other hand caressed Sherlock's stomach. "Then there's this part, it makes you scream when I do this," he bent down and nipped next to the belly button; and as if on cue, Sherlock screamed in pleasure.
"I told you I'd make you regret what you did to me, Sarah," Mike sneered. "It shouldn't matter where someone gets their clothes. Buying at a high-end store doesn't make someone a better doctor. Compassion does."
Later, Sherlock lay curled around John on the sofa, their bodies barely fitting as they watching reruns of Connie Prince. Sherlock nuzzled John's ear, he felt a thrill that he was allowed to do this any time he wanted to now.
A man who was currently chasing him. As much as Sherlock wanted to break into a run, he knew that it would only prolong the fight. He slowed to a stop and turned to glare at the cameraman.
Mr Lyons stood up in front of the class and smiled out at them. "All right, I hope everyone has had the time to finish their poems. Well, except Mr Gruner here, who has an excuse." Everyone turned to look at Bertie who was wearing dark glasses as he sank lower in his seat.
"Sherlock, after what I just saw tonight, I can't believe you think that," John cried. "And if you are even half as good the rest of the time, you must be phenomenal."
Mike looked at Anthea for help. "Fine, Mike will take Sherlock home, I'll see to Mycroft and John can see to Greg."
"Let's get started, then," Sherlock said, indicating that John should sit at one of the nearby tables.
Sherlock went to top off his drink in the kitchen. He was grateful that it was empty of guests as he filled his drink and downed it in one go. He slammed it on the counter, gripping the glass tightly.
Greg's half smile turned into a full grin, "Because then I'd have start taking out blokes that actually like me."
"I'm just glad my dad doesn't think to put trackers in our phones or cars, otherwise I'd be seriously fucked up," John said, finishing his story.
He poured drinks for John and himself and brought them over to the table. "It looks marvelous. You really went above and beyond."
"It'll do," Mycroft agreed. "I thought you would insist on the motorcycle. And then I thought you'd insist that you drive."
"That will certainly stir the pot," John said, impressed. "But that's going to extend things, isn't it?"
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, but he could find no words, no evidence to the contrary. But every fiber of his being rejected the thought; they barely knew each other. They had exchanged calls and texts, but had only seen each other all of three times, this being the third. It just wasn't possible that John Watson was in love with him.
"Currently being pissed on so badly that everything has flooded and I'm stuck here," John groused. "Most likely for three days, at
John looked behind him and twisted to grab the papers Sherlock was talking about. The top page was a census taken in 1860. Henry and Violet Watson, three boys, Harry, Albert and John. The second was a letter written by the army letting Violet know that Bertie had died and that John had been wounded and was being sent home, dated July 1880. The last piece was a faded photograph with two men in the 5th Northumberland regimentals. He looked closer and he could see the smiling face of Bertie Watson, his arm slung over the shoulder of the other man. A man that looked startling like the current John Watson.
Anthea and Greg burst out laughing and Greg was still laughing when Mycroft and Anthea had drove off.
Irene looked at him pityingly. "Oh darling, but for how much longer?" she smirked. "You are at the helm of a sinking ship. Print is dead and digital e-books are the future. I am merely giving you the chance to get out with the rats before the boat goes under."
"Besides," Sherlock continued, "I'm pretty sure that even if he did, they wouldn't be made out of silk and lace."
It sounds like something out of a rom-com or something even more sappy. Enemies-to-friends-to-lovers; caught in a rain storm, him finding my book amongst the hundreds of books in the library. And just loving it. And then convincing me to rewrite it.
Sherlock wailed as John licked his way in and out of his hole. Sherlock flailed wildly for the lube on the nightstand and finally laid hold of it. He tossed it in his lover's general direction.
Sherlock only left John's side when he was sure that John would be all right. As he waved goodbye to the former soldier, Sherlock figured he had at least managed to pay him back just a little for Sussex and the rain storm.
"What's point the of having a job at a posh place if you can't give your favorite rock star or sports player a little something on the side?" Julie grumbled.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but he was cut off by a flash of lightning and a boom of thunder. Sherlock's eyes went wide and his face drained entirely of color. And before John could ask what was wrong, the publicist had turned on his heel and was out the study door, slamming it behind him.
Mike sighed. "Look, I get it. Most days he sets my teeth on edge, too. But he didn't used to be like this. He was a great kid when I first met him."
"Sherlock, what would you say was the biggest drawback to the actual book that didn't include two boys kissing?"
John sat in the now-demystified study. Whatever Sherlock had done, it seemed to be permanent. He swirled the dark amber liquid in his glass, watching the whiskey slosh around.
"You think I'm going to mock you about which book you're about to choose, don't you?" John asked, putting his hand on his chin.
The man in question stood up and sauntered into the room. He walked up to John and leaned in close, "If you like this, just wait until next week."
Dale gave his boyfriend a good, long kiss before murmuring, "No you don't." He nuzzled Victor's neck. "You love me."
door. Well, almost. John was about to knock on this beautiful set of double doors when he heard some shuffling and muffled muttering coming from the other side.
Sherlock moaned and his hands went to grasp the doctor's arse. John's hands gripped Sherlock's shoulders as the detective gently lay John on the sofa. He bent over him, peppering John's chest and neck with kisses.
"The Future Doctors Association, I used to be their god," Mike replied and John rolled his eyes. Mike shrugged.
Sherlock practically skipped off to his waiting car. It was a good day. There were three new fakes out of business and in the case of one of them, serious jail time. He had won
"Oh God!" Mycroft exclaimed, bashing his head on the steering wheel. He huffed out a sigh. "All right, it's too late to back out now."
Sherlock straightened up and immediately swung his feet out of bed. John moved to the side and watched as Sherlock stood, wobbled, and promptly sat back down.
Sherlock scooted back further on the bed to give Mycroft room to sit and Mycroft immediately filled the space.
John didn't know how to reply to that question as no one had earnestly asked that question, actually wanting to know the answer.
"The power has gone out," Sherlock muttered. "We have a generator, but it's only for necessities. We aren't out at the estate that often to warrant a bigger one."
Sherlock fidgeted nervously at his mother's exercise room door. He walked up to the door to knock only to lose courage and step back. He chewed on his thumbnail and paced back and forth.
"This is what he did when I suggested that he was better off without that devil's spawn. I can't- I won't go through that again."
Sherlock pulled out his phone and after hitting a few buttons, he turned the phone toward her, Greg's number all ready to be dialed. "I dare you."
John decided to put some distance between him and Mary so that he could see the relationship with a fresh perspective. So all night, while everyone celebrated the season and the happy couples, John watched Mary interact with his friends.
John sighed. "I know, I'm not worried that you'll step out on me or whatever. It's Emilia and Richard and...you know what forget it."
"I thought I wanted a simple life. A quiet life with a white picket fence, a pretty wife, and the requisite number of children. But Sherlock showed me that I didn't want that. That in all likelihood, I never have. I was still chasing that desire when Sherlock fainted running after a criminal."
A young woman came bounding over the bush, but skidded to a stop when she saw the scene in front of her.
There weren't many places that Sherlock could go, so it didn't take John long to find the lanky detective on the front porch, smoking.
"Be quick, I have a beautiful dress on and have no intention of letting it go to waste," she explained.
Greg stuffed his hands into his pockets and rocked back on his heels. "Come with me to Sarah's party," he said more quietly.
Greg laughed. "No offense to your brother, mate. I mean I know he's supposed to be the shit or whatever, but I don't see it."
"And that's just one of the reasons you can't be here, John," Dillon said with a frown. "You can't even make it through a speech like that without trying to cough up a lung on the floor. Can you imagine trying to diagnose somebody?"
"My father was kind," Mycroft growled. "I am not kind. Not where Sherlock Holmes is concerned. Get. In. The. Car."
Mycroft ignored him and spoke to John. "I'm afraid one of my best writers is having a bit of a meltdown and I don't know how long this call will take. But I'm sure Sherlock will be able to keep you entertained until I'm through."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sat down next to him. "It's a large country, John. Richard would actually have to give a damn to come to one of my shows, and trust me when I say he doesn't."
She stepped back and eyed him warily. "What would be so important Sherlock Holmes had to ask in person and not just send a text?"
Edit: I forgot to mention that I HATE the "show, not tell" advice. It is usually spouted by assholes who want to piss on your story by being vague about it and NEVER explaining what it means, only looking down their noses at you because you had the audacity to ask.
John nodded, feeling a little sad. He then on impulse grabbed Sherlock and pulled him in for a hug. "I think you're brilliant," he whispered into Sherlock's ear.
Sherlock strolled past her and tossed the microphone in her general direction. Sally dove for it and barely managed to catch it before the expensive piece of equipment hit the ground.
Sherlock lay there as a feeling of bliss settled over him. So this is what it felt like when your partner isn't in a hurry to get off and then bugger off. He liked it.
"Oh, ha ha," John growled. "At least he's not going to attack some surly old fellow with a solicitor on speed dial."
He struck out into the hall and was immediately greeted by this stocky kid with wire-rim glasses and a friendly smile.
Sherlock shook his head, "I couldn't leave you. So I directed him to Mycroft. I hear they got along swimmingly."
John was running late to his first chemistry tutoring. He was covered in sweat and grass, still in his rugby uniform because those two arseholes Moran and Small had pissed off their coach so badly that he made the whole team stay late. All John had time for afterwards was to grab his bag and dash all the way from the rugby pitch to the chemistry lab.
When John had given Mary her present of a beautiful bird brooch, she didn't look happy as much as she looked relieved. Relieved it wasn't something else. And that unease about the whole weekend returned.
Of course there were ghosts that tried to hurt him. He would wake up to find scratch marks on his arms. Bruises on his legs. They couldn't do more than that, but it was fun trying to explain them to his therapist.
Sherlock removed his hand from his mouth. "Yes," he cried. "God yes!" He put the deed on the side table and proceeded to snog the living daylights out of his newly betrothed.
She turned her attention back to John who was speaking, "Christ! I couldn't do what you dancers do."
As the rich sounds of the cello filled the air, Sherlock whispered to John, "It feels different, dancing with you tonight."
"I didn't know the red pen was still a thing, I thought it would be all digitized at this point," John admitted.
And every piece of Christmas spirit brought a smile to John's face. And each time it grew bigger and more genuine. There was only one thing left to make it all perfect. He needed to get John the best present possible.
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't like spreading it around. Very few people outside of my family know that I play."
John took it and turned the book over. "Treasure Island" was embossed on the forest green cover in faded gold lettering.
"Oh dear, that couldn't have been very comfortable," Barbara murmured. "It'll be taken care of the next time you come back. And there will always be a standing reservation for you both. He was rather insistent about that."
Greg rolled his eyes. "No one need know. As long you two don't suddenly start spending money like there is no tomorrow, people aren't going to notice or care."
"Right," Mike said after explaining what Greg said to the others, "I think Anthea and I should see to Mycroft and you and Sherlock should see to Greg, because you know Mycroft might not want to um...see Sherlock right now."
Mycroft didn't know what to do with himself. He couldn't move, it was like he was welded to the spot. It took Mr Lyons gently touching his arm and telling him to go wash up in the loo and to come back when he was ready. Mycroft nodded and ran out the door, failing to notice the tears that had slid down Greg's face.
John closed his eyes. Yes it had. It had happened before: not even two months into John's marriage to Mary, Sherlock had gone back to the drugs. Despite the younger man's protests to contrary.
"Being that young and smarter than the vast majority of the students and even the faculty, wasn't easy. Despite what Sebastian said, I did have friends. Well, one. His name was Victor Trevor. His dog bit me."
Mrs Hudson softened. "It's not as though it's going to be for very much longer, is it? Soon Sherlock will be back and she'll see how mistaken she is in you returning her affections."
She giggled. "Oh, you say that now, John, but you'll come around." She tossed her hair over her shoulder. "Men
"I don't know," John said, burying his head in his hands. He dragged his hands over his face and sighed. "It seems all the clients we are getting nowadays bring us just piddling nothing cases that don't pay much, if anything. The Met is working on making Sherlock a paid consultant, but Greg isn't sure when that will go through."
Sherlock took in a deep, shuddering breath and wrapped his arms around John's waist. "You were surrounded by blonds while I was away," he joked.
Sherlock shrugged. "Secondhand booksellers, auction sites, friends...who knows. But they get their little grubby paws on it, and they want to blast me for daring to write a gay love story."
Greg sat down heavily in the chair in front of Sherlock's desk and drew his hands down his face. "He told you to rewrite 'Griffin's Steps', didn't he?"
John sighed. Apparently he still wasn't going to get her real name. "Where am I being taken this time? An abandoned warehouse, his office at Vauxhall Cross, or the Diogenes?"
John whipped back around to see the assassin bride squeezing the trigger, he twisted and dove for Sherlock. In mid-air, John cried out and fell to the ground in a heap.
John looked up to see Sherlock dash out the room like a shot. John cursed and followed, fast on his heels.
She harassed John for a of couple days, trying to get him to come back, but after John's refusal to even text back, she stopped.
Tegan laughed again and everyone grinned. "Shakespeare is always a source of income from cinema to television to the stage," she tapped on Anthea's coupon, "but this Bard in particular is very dear to us and we'd love to help him out."
"I've never been enough for...anything or anyone." Sherlock's shoulders slumped. "I didn't tell the whole truth when I said I learned
"I've been overseas for the last fifteen or so years; if it happened during that time, I wouldn't have heard about it," John explained with a shrug.
John walked out to the front of the house and stopped at the door. Sherlock was pacing on the pavement, clearly worried that John wasn't coming back.
"Thankfully, no," Sherlock said. "But it does bring to mind something that I always wondered about."
Sherlock just chuckled and began nuzzling John's neck. "I watched you two for awhile, you were magnificent. You were never cowed by him."
Just then there was a knock on the door. Before anyone could react, Mycroft breezed past them, in blue jeans, a light blue button up and black waistcoat. He threw on his coat and opened the door to reveal Greg who was similarly dressed.
4- Curses!- Beauty and the Beast AU- in a world of shapeshifters and magic users, there are witches that go around cursing indiscriminately and there are Curse Breakers and Curse Finders who go around trying to undo the damage they cause. John and Mary have been a Breaker/Finder duo for years, but all that changes when they are sent to break the curse of Sherlock, a young boy, now a man turned into a beast. And time is running out.
Sherlock deflated. He had hoped John would like the full title. "There's a science to what I do. It's not just about unmasking the supernatural. That implies that these people are real. And I think it's a good idea to remind people that I'm debunking fakes using science and not a fellow mystic conquering other mystics."
And so without further ado, "In which I introduce Irene Adler WAY earlier in the plot than originally planned!"
"What? The flower?" John asked. Sherlock nodded. "I figure we speak better with flowers than anything else."
But then he had turned down all of his other invites as well, telling them that he already had plans. All of them assuming he was going to be with one group or another, when the truth was that he just didn't want to go anywhere. He just wanted to do Christmas right this year, without all the trappings and glitter.
The man they had been chasing threw off Sherlock but ran right into the fist of one Dr John H Watson. John proceeded to wrestle him to the ground and pin him with his knee to the man's spine.
Bill took them off and handed them out to the nearest person. Molly squeaked and took the glasses from him.
A short while later, John came back clean and in a nice suit. Trailing behind him were three men: a jovial-looking, round man with glasses; a toothy redhead; and an older-looking man built on strong, sturdy lines, from his chin and broad shoulders to his thighs and barrel-chest.
John nodded and followed Mike to his bedroom. They got changed in silence and lay down on the bed. For a moment they stared up at the ceiling in the dark.
Mike chuckled. "I'll raise you ten that not only will John get him out, he'll be mostly pleasant. John was in the army, after all."
When the curtain fell for intermission, John found himself at the edge of his seat, mouth hanging open, and his hands gripping the arm rests. He sat back and unclenched his fingers trying to restore life back into them.
John pursed his lips. "You know, I really think that is none of your business." He cocked his head to the side and the left corner of his mouth ticked up just a little.
Mycroft didn't even bother to answer Mummy's question and instead turned to Sherlock. "No, and you shouldn't want to be either!"
"Ooh! Ooh! Me!" Victor said, hopping up and down, his hand raised high in the air. Everyone turned to Victor, looking at him as if he was this strange creature.
John grasped Sherlock's head and gently moved it so he could press their foreheads together. "Fuck, I am so sorry. So sorry. I am jealous by nature and I let it get the better of me." He let out a shuddering sigh. "After we hung up, I looked up the company. I found the 'Jim' you mentioned the other day and I–"
John grinned. "I tried looking for a copy online, but even used booksellers were selling it for ridiculous amounts of money. So I will happily take one off your hands."
"You're being an idiot and you know it. You either suck it up and watch it, knowing that it bores you to tears but you love him enough to come see him anyway, or you walk away."
She ran out to the room John had shared with Sherlock and Mike. She found him throwing his stuff into his duffle.
"Mummy," Sherlock began slowly, "I'm pretty sure dating in sixth form isn't the crisis you're making it out to be, besides I'm sixteen. You know, the age of majority in England?"
Molly was relieved to be given something to do and hoped that their guests didn't see her blush. It was going to be a long weekend.
Sherlock took the scarf from John and to everyone's surprise, wrapped around Brutus's neck. "It looks better on you, anyway." He winked at Brutus and the dog barked happily. Sherlock pet his head and said, "Next time you want something, just ask, hmm?"
Then there was this look that Sherlock kept catching when the doctor didn't realize Sherlock was paying attention. Sometimes it was fond, other times it was this expression that Sherlock didn't have a basis for. He would like to say that it was warm, but it transcended warm. But it wasn't hungry or heated, just... John.
Anderson frowned. "Hey!" the cameraman hollered, stepping forward and starting to put his camera down.
"It will be expedited, of course. And I would give them access to the account until you get the card and swap the payment method. I suspect that what they want will barely put a dent in the interest. But still, take out the thousand for other things like food and rent."
He came down the stairs, and Sherlock couldn't help but admire his grace. Like watching a deadly snake drawing nearer. Brook reached the bottom of the stairs and drew close to Mrs Hudson's face. "And what have I told you about what to do when I don't hear you?"
John chuckled. He fished his phone out of his pocket and tossed it to Mike. The other boy caught it deftly and laughed outright.
He set the pictures and papers aside. He slid off Sherlock's lap and pulled him to the side, dragging them both down to the sofa. "Mysteries solved."
Sherlock looked at John expectantly. John cocked him head to the side, but Sherlock huffed and walked off, throwing his arms in the air.
John staggered into the restaurant where he and Sherlock had agreed to meet and nearly collapsed into the chair across from Sherlock.
Sherlock moved back first and John just couldn't believe that he had hugged the man. Hell, he was surprised that security hadn't been called.
Sherlock let out a different kind of sigh. This one was a breath of resignation. "My meeting didn't go as well as I would have hoped."
"Quite a lot," Greg explained, leaning forward and putting his elbows on his knees. "You see, we talked about you and your book–"
Greg closed the door and forcibly put Sherlock into one of the chairs across from his desk. Sherlock huffed out a noise of protest, but Greg knew he was grateful to be sitting down. He moved around to his chair and remained standing, looking down at the papers and files that littered his desk.
"I tried at the party but you didn't want to listen to me then, so I figured it was best to let you form your own opinion on him," Mycroft explained.
John kept glancing at his phone, not wanting to be late for his first reading. He jumped when a hand clapped his good shoulder. He whirled around and saw Bill Murray standing there with the biggest grin on his face.
“Look at your face, Sherlock,” Greg said. He turned off the phone and pointed the inky black surface toward the dancer. Sherlock took it and frowned into the glass. But just then another message came in from John and his face lit up.
"Get your head out of your arse, and then drive, Stamford!" Mycroft screamed and backed out of the parking lot.
John shrugged. "My mum bought me a tux last year and she said that having one will be the most used thing I have in my closet."
He thought for sure that this young man was probably going to save his life, when the strange soldier cussed. But the words didn't mean anything to John.
"I think you'll make it, Doc," the strange soldier said as Bill entered the base, and suddenly there was a flurry of activity to take John into surgery. John looked over at the stranger before they put on an oxygen mask. The stranger waved goodbye, the sand kicked up and the stranger vanished on the wind.
Sherlock was torn. He wanted to treat his mother, but the thought of having to share a table with someone he didn't know was abhorrent. He looked over at his mother, who looked hopeful at the prospect, and he caved.
John put the book on his lap as he read the reviews. "Holy shit! That was from this morning. Where are they getting the book to read it?"
John looked up and what he saw took his breath away. Sherlock was bedraggled. His hair was matted to his skull, his fancy clothes were ruined and clung to Sherlock's far too lean frame. He looked so vulnerable.
Hello! Third chapter this week! Aren't you the lucky devils? Not much John in this chapter, just a bit at the end.
And then Sherlock gave him two alternatives. Send Sherlock everything they had and hope to hell the detective could solve it from his armchair while taking care of John, or go to the other Holmes brother and ask him to help. He had thought briefly about just sending everything to Sherlock, but when he turned around to close the door behind him, he saw Sherlock tenderly holding John's head up while he administered the medication.
The one game that was surprisingly absent was Cluedo. John thought that game was mandatory for every English household. He shrugged and took his finds back to the library.
"Haven't I made that clear?" John asked. Sherlock shook his head. "What part of 'I love you', don't you understand?"
"Not really," Sherlock admitted. "But if my going will prevent bigger, more expensive mistakes and get us back on track, then better me than someone else who might mess it up further."
Sherlock looked at her and smiled the sweetest smile. He mouthed 'thank you' and then gave John's hand a squeeze."I'll go have some punch and try to calm down while I wait, shall I?"
unlocked the door. He opened himself up to his man and this life in ways he hadn't known possible. If someone had told him a year ago that he would be sharing a house with the man who had deduced him so thoroughly on their combined book tour, he would have thought them mad.
"Fine," John breathed, placing his hand on Sherlock's bare chest. "Next week after our tutoring session, you and I are going out on a date."
John reached out his hand. Sherlock stared at it a moment and then took it. He whirled to where Milverton was standing, his mouth open in an endless wail.
They were silent for a few moments before Mycroft spoke up, "When we get home, I'll have Mummy lift the ban on dating."
Mycroft decided it was time to duck and run. Greg chased him, tossing his paintballs at Mycroft, sometimes hitting, sometimes not.
John turned onto the street where Mike lived and almost slammed on his brakes. Out in front of Mike's house was John's dad's car, a sleek, cherry-red Mazda MX roadster. And leaning against the bonnet of said car was Major Hamish Watson. The Major's arms were folded over his chest and his legs were crossed at the ankles. Thankfully, he was turned away from John and hadn't seen him yet.
"I'll call him, now," John breathed. "Hurry home. I want to thank you by shagging you into the sofa."
The publicist answered it. He listened to the other person on the phone and nodded and hummed in response.
Sherlock refused to meet his eye. John gently took his friend's cheeks in his hands. "He did, didn't he?"
"Hell, yes! Sherlock kissed me!" He started back for Mike's house and screamed, "John's back in the game, baby!"
Greg sighed heavily. It was one of the reasons Sally wanted to quit. "Because all the fake mystics have seen the show and have scattered like cockroaches when the light has turned on?"
All the while David looked on in grim satisfaction. "You were naive to think that you could hold a woman like Mary," he sneered. "Now toddle off. You weren't wanted anyway."
Greg sat back and thought about asking where Sherlock kissed him, not the location that the kiss took place. But decided that he figured he knew the answer anyway. If Sherlock had kissed John anywhere but on his lips, John would have said.
John's eyebrows shot up. "What the hell? Mrs Hudson put me in charge of training you, and I'm pretty sure she'd back me up if you keep growling at her customers."
Sherlock backed away before he got sucked into that further, but it didn't even matter. There were people there who were willing to fawn over Bertie and so the teen forgot all about Sherlock and turned to his fans.
Greg turned to follow, but Bertie blocked his path. "So I want to know how you did it," Bertie said.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side, "I live here. What are–" he stopped. "Wait, don't tell me, my brother has agreed to look at your book."
"When did you get home?" John gasped as he finally let Sherlock's feet touch the ground. "I thought you had another week in...California, wasn't it?"
Major Kincade yelling obscenities at me all at the same time than read in front of strangers. But nah, I'm not nervous."
Sherlock sighed. That was the question, wasn't it? "I was trying to punish you for being away all the time," he admitted after a long silence.
It was feast or famine when it came to Sherlock's touch, it seemed. Once Sherlock understood that it was the touches John missed the most, they came back tenfold. Sherlock couldn't pass John without trailing his fingers down some part of John's body.
"You never cease to amaze me, Sherlock," John said around another bite. "You just keep coming up with more and more talents for me to be in awe of."
"What is with you today?" he asked, concerned. "If you keep this up I'll be forced to send you home."
"She also uses those 'funds', as you called them, to help people in situations similar to hers get the justice they deserve," Sherlock explained.
"Not all of us meet the love of our lives and find that they can tolerate your weird job," Molly groused.
"More games, I guess," John replied. "Unless you know of something else we can do in this massive house with minimal power."
"If this is some ploy to throw me off my game, you picked the wrong player. I'd suggest Kilpatrick or maybe Murray if you toss in something about ghosts."
"I said you were ready to go home, I didn't say you could do so of your own volition." Sherlock glared at him. "Look, Sherlock, you've fainted. You haven't got your strength back yet."
Sherlock straightened up in his chair, his legs unfolding to the floor. "Really? Why do you have money?"
John closed his eyes and opened them slowly. "I thought it might have done when I saw Greg tear out of here looking like murder."
John cleared his throat and lifted his chin, his back ramrod straight. He did a perfect about face and looked Sherlock square in the eye.
"The whole lot of them, if I'm honest," his husband grumbled. "Egos get in the way of a good story."
Sherlock mulled the offer over a moment before he replied, "No." He stood and grabbed his briefcase.
John stood up and Mary was forced to leap to her feet or be dumped on the floor. "I'm going to apologize. I know you won't."
"Oh, Sherlock," Mike said, drawing close to the pair. "No, no, no. You've always had people who cared. They may have not have understood, but they cared. Mycroft, Greg, even Anderson."
John looked up and his jaw dropped. He had gone for matching Sherlock's outfit last week in his own style, but this was even better than that.
John opened the door to reveal the older blond. He had retired from the army with distinction and was working at 221Books as way to fill his time. He was broad-shouldered and striking in a way only those in the military could muster.
Sherlock's heart plummeted to his stomach. He feared the worst. "Oh?" He had tried for nonchalant but it came out an undignified squeak.
John smiled down at the detective. "I know," he whispered back, as they pulled up to 221. He got up and went to open all the their doors to make getting Sherlock in easier. He came back and paid the cabbie.
"I hope this won't be a regular occurrence when we dine here," Sherlock murmured. "I just like a quiet meal when I go out. I'm sure it's worse for you."
"So when does the tour start?" Mary asked. "I told Mrs Hudson I'm going to every one of your signings and I'm going to need those days off."
Sherlock meandered through the tombstones while John clearly searched for something. Perhaps Mike's parents ran the church and adjoining cemetery.
One of his mates had decided to play a prank on him in the form of swapping out his sunblock with Harry's coconut oil, resulting in one fried John Watson, who had spent the entire time bathing in aloe and cursing his friend.
Greg whirled around, "Oh, that is it!" He barreled into Mycroft, bringing the other teen down onto a hay pile. He was about to smash a paintball right in Mycroft's face when he removed his goggles.
"Normally we'd just release him into your care as soon as he woke up. But to be honest, you look like shit."
, John thought sternly to himself. It's Christmas. Just let it go, just let it die with the year. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He nodded firmly to himself as he turned on the oven.
John sighed and stepped closer. "Look, I know you think my therapist is shit, and frankly so do I most days, but she does have one thing going for her."
"They are being sent back to be pulped. But it is a very costly mistake and it's not the first one this month," Sherlock explained.
John licked his lower lip and looked at Sherlock sidelong. "Well, I was thinking maybe we could go to a French restaurant or evening boating on the Thames. I know your mum says that you can't date, but I thought if it was for class‒"
James was a good listener and John could feel the weight lifting off his chest, finally being able to talk about Sherlock with someone who didn't know him before John did.
Mike settled back on his pillow, blinking in the dark for a moment before he slugged John's arm playfully. "You sly bastard. Come on, spill!"
John let out a small chuckle. "I love you, too. But this position doesn't allow for much movement." He rolled his hips to drive the point home.
"As long as the lightning and thunder is going on out there, it's best if you focus on you," John murmured.
Sherlock went out into the crowd. He stopped to give Mrs. Hudson a kiss on the cheek. He nodded to Mycroft, who was talking to Molly's boyfriend, Brandon. He was an artisan glass maker who had his own shop. Molly and Divya were in the corner, chatting about something. When Molly spotted Sherlock she waved her left hand and Sherlock caught a glimpse of metal on her ring finger. He gave her a broad smile, but was secretly grateful that Brandon had asked her before the party, so this moment could be his and John's alone.
John stepped away from the podium and started to shake hands with the members of the audience. He was giving Mrs Hudson a hug when he thought he saw a familiar set of dark curls.
She turned the card over in her hands as she thought about it. She closed the door to her locker and resolutely put the invitation in her back pocket. If she showed up to prom and the guy looked a creeper, she could bail. And at the very least she would a get nice dress out of it. So really, it was a win/win situation.
John heaved out a sigh. Sherlock wasn't a mate that he could tease and rib good-naturedly. This was someone who up until...he looked at his watch...two hours ago he had been quite antagonistic with. John watched as Sherlock ran his fingers along the spines of well-worn and well-read books. He paused, stroking a particular book's spine before moving on.
"It's all right, Barbara, honest," John soothed. "But we could hear the other patrons question why we had the attention of the chef."
John nodded. "See that you do, because I'm willing to bet, I'm not the only one chomping at the bit to read more."
"I can't get a read on him," Greg admitted. "He acts so cold, but I keep getting flashes of something else and..." He let out a pained moan.
While he was thinking about it, the door to the study opened and Sherlock walked in carrying a bundle of clothes.
At the moment she was taking away someone's weed and crisps. Greg had to hide a smile. There was no rule prohibiting food in detention, so...Yeah, Prof Smallwood was going to have a
Yay! Another chapter. And considering I wrote a brand new scene for this chapter, I'm amazed it went as fast as it did, to be honest. I've had to arrange things so they make more sense. That is, after all, the benefit of a fully written story over a WIP, I can see the flaws in the overarching plot better and fix them as I type it up.
Once they finished dinner, they walked around the city just taking in the sights of London and enjoying each other's company.
Then he screeched and threw the door shut again. He took a steadying breath and opened the door slowly. Sure enough, there was a young woman with long, black locks and cold, dead eyes.
Sherlock coughed and turned away. In the dim light, John was sure he saw Sherlock's cheeks tinge pink.
Sherlock moved it and the afghan, then helped John sit up. Sherlock got John out of his work clothes and into his pajamas. He then lay John back down.
John frowned, "Greg took him home, I think." He cocked his head and Sherlock felt the air change around this boy. "Why don't you ask Bertie?"
"I've never seen anyone with so blatantly having a crush on someone," Mary explained as if she was talking to a small child.
Mycroft wrote a series of numbers on a slip of paper and stood up. "Are you aware of how much is in there?"
"They're all waiting for us," Mrs Holmes said. Molly started for the door. "Don't forget your bouquet, dear," she reminded the girl.
John stared at the text message for a long time, before drifting off to sleep with the phone in his hand.
John's smile turned predatory. "You better bring your A game, Sherlock, if you want to play games with me."
"Not anymore you're not," Mrs Hudson huffed. "Look, I have deviants to see and a novel to write, so shoo!"
"Surely there have been priests or shamans able to dispel the spirits of the dead," Mycroft replied. He had arrived at the house by helicopter only an hour after Sherlock had fainted.
John's head whipped up, "No, surely not..." he pointed to a curly-haired older gentleman with a straggly beard who was laughing with Bill.
"He's a grown man, Mycroft. I'm his friend and flatmate, not his keeper. I can't force him to do anything."
"We best get to the library," John said, removing his hand from Sherlock's heart. "After all, I still need to pass chemistry."
It was too damn hot to live, let alone move. The unfortunate thing was that the criminal classes thought the same thing and there hadn't been a decent case in weeks. Which left Sherlock cranky and irritable. Worse, it left him bored. And that meant hell for literally everyone else.
Sherlock lifted his head and John's fingers coiled in his locks. Sherlock gave his friend a questioning glance.
"Considering that Victor was a basement dweller, it doesn't take much to be several stories up," Sherlock scoffed.
A horn sounded and Greg and Mycroft took off in different directions. Greg tossed his first volley to hit Mycroft in the arm. Mycroft turned lob one that exploded in the middle of Greg's chest.
As Greg was frog-marched away by the teachers, he turned to wave at the cheering crowd of polo players and spectators.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and kicked his horse into motion, leaving Greg behind without so much as a word or backward glance.
"I tutor Sherlock in French, and I could ask him what kind of things Mycroft likes and pass them on you."
Mycroft nodded. He didn't want that for his brother, not anymore. Not after what it did to Sherlock.
"Absolutely," his mouth was saying. His brain was positively shrieking to stop, but his mouth had other ideas. "Prove it, Watson."
As the night wore on and the alcohol loosened them up, they dropped all pretense of trying not to cuddle and were fully entwined with each other. Hands stroking and caressing, while legs were wrapped together.
John went to the fridge and opened it, "I swear, Mike if that's another short joke, I'll–" John stopped short. The fridge was packed with food. "Jesus Christ! There's enough food in here to feed my entire old unit for a week, maybe more!"
They spoke for several minutes before Molly finally cottoned on. Sherlock and Mike seemed to not give off any social cues. Not with their tone, their posture, or facial expressions. At best she could describe them as pleasant, but bland. It was unnerving.
"So a washed-up full back on his way out is supposed to make them look good? Damn, I'm glad I passed on Manchester."
John followed the TV host and the cameraman dutifully back down the hallway. He didn't like it, but in some way he could see the appeal. He could show Sherlock that he hadn't called
Sherlock buried his head further into John's shoulder. "I want to stay with you, but you live too far from the Royal Opera House. And I can't go home."
John's jaw dropped. "What the honest fuck, Mary? You think I look like this because I got a leg over with someone last night and rolled out bed, thoroughly shagged?"
Sherlock and John both jumped at the sound. John immediately turned to yell and curse at the driver. He chased the driver down the street a few feet before he waved his hand and came stomping back to Sherlock.
"Thanks, Mrs H," John said and rang off. He looked at his phone for a minute and dialed another number.
John's hands slid down Sherlock's torso to slip under the hem of his shirt, earning a gasp from his boyfriend.
"Fair enough," John agreed. He looked out at the idyllic scenery and huffed out a breath, creating a cloud of steam next to Sherlock's exhale of smoke. "I want to apologize for Mary. She's not usually like this. We were expecting only five of us for skiing and merriment, not nine of us and everyone double or tripling up in the bedrooms."
"So cool and collected and not caring about anything or anyone, so yeah," Sherlock said rolling his eyes. "In fact I always wondered what changed. You seemed to be so popular and then you gave it all it up."
"Yes, you do," John growled. "You were there when the police were telling us about her psychopathology. How they described her descent from being a fan to a stalker and if circumstances had been different, his murderer. As long he continued to not recognize her as his true love and just as the president of his fan club, the further she would descend. This is no one's fault but hers."
John and Sherlock arrived at the group at the same time. They spotted each other and smiles lit up their faces.
"Sherlock..." John said and then trailed off. "Oh, wait did you have a case when I was out sick? I think I remember Greg coming by."
John blinked slowly. To be fair, that was usually what was kept in old trunks. "Perhaps I shouldn't have told you where they were. Won't Mycroft be upset?"
"So you've said. In front of fifty or so wedding guests at his wedding to someone else," she said wryly.
It was then that Greg announced his retirement from the force. And after a couple of years of Sherlock losing his patience with the new Detective Inspector, John and Sherlock, too, decided to hang up the deerstalker and retire.
Sherlock sat back down heavily. He pressed his fingers to his lips and sighed. "This source wouldn't have been Irene Adler, would it?"
Sherlock winced when John's spine straightened. He didn't have much sympathy for the blasting he knew she was about to get, however.
John shrugged. "He told me stop being an arse to you because of what happened with your book, but didn't give a lot of details, and I really didn't ask for any."
Sherlock rolled off John and flopped on to the bed next to him. John settled on his side, his hand propping up his head as he looked down at the detective. Using his spare hand, he began tracing patterns on Sherlock's chest with his finger.
Morning came and the mechanic came and went. It was time to say goodbye to Mycroft, Greg, and Sherlock.
John looked up into his lover's concerned expression and just had to kiss him again. "I'm not sure what was more soul crushing, the fact that they were the better team or that the referees were actively trying to slant the game in our favor and we
The front door swung open to reveal several police officers. She turned to smile at them as if they had come to
"I'm afraid not," Mycroft said. "My meeting with the BBC to film a limited series of my client's books got moved up to today and then I'll be far too busy to do another face to face for sometime."
He finally got up the nerve to knock and opened the door to Mummy's "Come in!" before he could bail.
wouldn't be able to ask Mycroft out and he'd have to give the money back to Bertie. So here he was, about to do the most dangerous thing in the world (ask Mycroft Holmes out on a date) and he couldn't smoke.
Okay, so Sherlock wasn’t much better, but he was only rude to Cathy because she was rude to him first. John wanted to run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair...
Much apologies, with work being busy and my beta have a couple of hectic weeks, it took a bit to get this typed up and ready for viewing.
John was excited about Christmas for the first time since he was a small child. He and Mary were meeting up with some friends in Scotland, hoping for enough snow to get in a little bit of skiing. And if the weather report was right, they would have quite the storm with lots of lovely snow. But John was excited for another reason. After dating Mary for six months, he was going to propose.
It had been a rough year for both Sherlock and John. With the mystery behind the video and all the fallout that came from that. The nasty encounter with Culverton Smith. And the disappearance of Mary after the death of her and John's daughter, Rosie. They had weathered it all and they were certainly far worse for the wear.
"Mummy is having a hard time comprehending Mycroft going to the prom and by extension myself, and I would really like to be out of here before she changes her mind," Sherlock explained, stopping only when he reached John's car.
Thanks to Old Ping Hai, who is always there when I need her to be, and is really good at figuring out what I MEANT to say even if what is on the page is complete gibberish.
Worry stirred a little in his gut as he walked up to the door. It opened before he could knock and there was a tall, regal-looking fellow in a suit on the other side. The man said nothing as he led the way further into the home. John would have liked to have seen more of the place, but everything seemed cast in shadow, and well...John thought it felt sad. Lonely, even. All this home and no one to share it with. John shook his head. He had enough on his plate without having to worry about Mycroft.
John looked down at himself and then started to giggle. Sherlock's deep rumble joined in and soon they were both laughing.
John's eyebrows shot up. "Oh, well, that's a change." He squinted out into the dark, but couldn't make out any of their surroundings due to the tinted windows. "So where are we going?"
Mycroft was on his bed staring at the ceiling and wondering where it all went wrong. He stood up and went to the window. Outside on the old tire swing, Sherlock dangled listlessly.
Sherlock nodded and then ducked his head. "I was worried that maybe you quit because of me fainting," he admitted shyly.
Sherlock bent down and began to pick through the larger pieces of glass with his handkerchief. He picked up the thumb drive and held it up for Wiggins to see.
*checks the calendar* At least it's not the six weeks it was between one and two. *winces* Yeah, sorry about that. Life has pretty much kicked me in the teeth lately. Depression is really not a respecter of time. It likes to show up when the least welcome. But, I appear to be on an upswing. I just hope it lasts long enough to get the next chapter typed up.
Mycroft blinked. Not only did Sherlock rarely come to his office (well, bar recently, when he had been harassing big brother for cases), but he usually just barged in without waiting to have himself announced.
"Sherlock, you just barely got well enough to make it to the loo on your own. You shouldn't go tearing off after London's criminal class, not until you get your weight up a little more."
"No. It means that my status as a paid consultant occurs faster and I won't just be working with Greg. It will mean that any DI or Sergeant can contact me if they think they need me."
Sherlock shook his head. "PTSD isn't the same for everyone. I've even heard of a case where a man couldn't listen to classical music because to him it sounded like sirens. This could be his trigger." He flipped through the pages. "What else?"
Mrs Hudson laughed. "Bratwurst? Aren't we the optimist? Next time, keep it in your pants. Now, shoo!"
"And how in the hell are you going to do that?" Greg asked. These two didn't look like they shared a single brain cell between them.
He could only see John's back, but he had a clear view of the PC. She smiled at his John and said, "So I was wondering if you wanted to go and grab a bite to eat. I'm really starved."
Mycroft rolled his eyes and grabbed his bookbag, making sure to "accidentally" clip Bertie on the way out.
1- Painted Smiles- John and Sherlock were once a comedy duo like Laurel and Hardy or Abbott and Costello, but it's been a long time since they broke up. On the night they are to be award for their contribution to comedy, some things come to light that blow the lid off their relationship. But is it too late for them?
"Well, that would explain why she would only show up when I would shower. But I don't recall her being naked, if that's how she died," John replied.
Sherlock and Anderson shared a glance over John's head. The three men didn't have wives. Anderson's had divorced him two years ago and both Sherlock and John were single.
"I know that this is all my fault and I really should just go home," Sherlock whispered. "But I haven't got to dance with John once and I–" he gulped and looked into John's eyes. "I really, really wanted to."
His hand was pressed to his lips and tears ran down his cheeks to pool around his fingers before tracing over the delicate lines of his hand.
"Oh dear," Mrs Holmes murmured. "We would have been, but there was this horrible accident that slowed everything down."
doesn't have that kind of money to toss around, so I have to use my God-given charm. It tends to get me out of situations."
"So we have all sorts here at Baker Street Academy," Mike began. "Over there we have the posh snobs."
"They are all much bigger publishing houses," Irene replied. "Although, I suppose, you could be gobbled up to be one of their imprints...if you can suffer the indignity."
He came back out and Sherlock's eyelids were already starting to droop. John went over and gently shook his shoulder.
Sherlock chuckled into John's shoulder. "Indeed." His hands came to John's waist, slowly moving upward, pulling the blond man's shirt out of his jeans as he continued to nibble on John's neck.
He crawled into the fort on his side and laid down. Sherlock stared at it for a moment and then decided what the hell, and crawled in after him.
He called Mrs Hudson next and explained that due to some unforeseen circumstances he wouldn't be able to come and chat with her in the mornings, as he would be away on business. Mrs Hudson was understanding, if a trifle disappointed. They hadn't had much time as of late due to his being stuck in Sussex.
Mycroft's voice cracked and he was forced to stop a moment before he could go on. Greg held his clasped hands to his face, elbows resting on the desk and tried to fight back his own tears.
We are just chugging along. And it's nice not to stress about leaving you guys hanging for months on end because my depression won't let me function for such long stretches. That's not to say that I'm not or haven't been depressed, I just have a better way to manage my time writing that has really helped me keep going. I have even beat my previous streak of 74 days straight. So yeah. This feels good.
They locked eyes across the hall and Sherlock couldn't breathe as the rugby player moved through the crowd toward him.
John sat in the shop's bathroom with his head in his hands as he tried not to scream. It was the only place in the entire building that the new hire did
His hands trailed down Sherlock's sides and stuttered to a stop at his hips. Sherlock bucked at the touch, wanting more.
John had invited Mike to make use of Sherlock's offered tickets, figuring that the good doctor would want to see Molly dance and that he would be the one person Sherlock wouldn't freak out over, thinking he was John's date.
She looked up just in time to see Jim leer at her and she barely suppressed the resulting shudder. There were a lot of arseholes at Baker Academy, but Jim took it to a whole new level. She would beg
Sherlock nodded, "Our last venue had to be canceled due to faulty wiring, among other things. The spotlights kept shorting. One of the chorus girls was almost crushed by a sandbag weight that had snapped its tether."
John licked his lip again. There was a lot to be excited about. Meeting Sherlock Holmes, whom he had a lot of respect for. Showing said idol that there were people out there who can speak with the dead or see ghosts. That John Watson was the real deal. And to top it all off, John was leaving London for the first time since being invalided home. He loved London. But he was used to traveling all over the world and it was a nice change to get away from the four greying walls of his bedsit. He couldn't wait.
"As you wish. What is your association with Sherlock Holmes?" the man asked, kicking his umbrella, swinging it up to examine its tip.
"As a friend, you arse," Greg teased. "Now go on, I'm still on the clock and need to get back to work."
Mycroft came out of the music shop to put his purchase into his car and saw Greg Lestrade leaning up against it, smoking.
The postcards showed all sorts of festive scenes. London covered in a blanket of snow like something out of a Dickens novel. A country cottage with only the warmth of the window and the smoke from the chimney not sheathed in white.
"Too right." John settled his anger, before looking up at Sherlock, "Mycroft's already done something, hasn't he?"
John chuckled and took Sherlock's cock in hand, moving in time with his own thrusting. Sherlock came first with a gasp, his eyes flying open, head and body arching from the pleasure.
Sherlock put on the outfit Mycroft had chosen for him. He put on the skin-tight leather trousers, and then chunky thick-soled boots with belt buckles. He pulled on the ripped v-neck tee. It was Sherlock's favorite because it had hints of silver around the rips so that it drew the eye to the bare skin underneath. Then came the tour de force. The old fashioned overcoat. It looked like something that had been pulled off the rack of a production of
Sherlock hadn't shown up, but John figured he'd be late in order to minimize the amount of time spent at the club.
Sherlock rubbed his hands up and down John's back, "He didn't sit with me though the thunderstorm of the century, he didn't make me dinner after a horrible week, he didn't lose his limp because of me."
school was watching him. He raised his hands in the air to show he was okay and the crowd erupted into cheers.
One of the older books in the company's catelogue was being turned into a TV series by the BBC, and Sherlock was tasked with updating the covers of the book. Unfortunately the proofs that they sent were the wrong size and he was forced to spend an afternoon chasing down the right person to get him the size he needed.
Mike sighed and suppressed the urge to rub his temples. Why was he even doing this? He didn't owe John anything. Sherlock was just another bloke who looked down on people like him. But then he looked over at his new friend's face and folded like a house of cards.
John inwardly bristled, but outwardly said, "Of course, love. I'll just sit next to our captivating detective."
"God no, that bastard is worst than M&M," Sherlock assured him. "No, it's a London-based company called the Diogenes Printing Club."
"I wanted to surprise you, babe," David insisted. "I know you said that you just wanted to be up here with your doctor friends, but I couldn't bear the thought of poor Molly being all by her lonesome surrounded by happy couples, now could I?"
John rang off for a second time and was left feeling...he honestly didn't know. But that was some heady information he had been told, and while he could look it up online, he decided to trust Mike on this one.
The man was looking very handsome in a blue plaid button-up, a black v-neck jumper and dark blue jeans. Sherlock felt his heart speed up, even as his feet slowed down.
And yes, before you all ask, Whiphand Publishing does specialize in purple prose, erotica, BDSM, and other steamy stories. This is Irene, after all. ;)
And here we have the second to the last chapter, the resolution of the cliffhanger. It's a very fluffy. The whole thing. I hope you enjoy.
"Hello, brother mine," Mycroft replied warmly. "You must have made quite the impression on John Watson."
"Ouch," Mike replied when she was done. "In my guy's defense, your guy was drunk and very likely concussed. Did Greg handle it badly? Sure, but it was better than taking advantage of Mycroft in his state."
John nodded. He waited, restless, for the curtain to rise so that he could reimmerse himself into the story. As the lights final dimmed, John spared one more thought.
"I'm cutting out a bit early," Sherlock said, coming into the office. "Also, I know I said I'd be by for dinner tonight, but I'm going to a late lunch and won't be hungry later."
They soon found themselves pulling up of a little rundown set of flats, but not bad really. Standing out in front of the main door was a little cherub of a man with wire-rimmed glasses and the cheesiest smile on his face.
"I'll tell you what," John said, coming further into the room, "if you come out fully dressed and are moderately polite, I'll let you do the experiment with the pigs feet. Which sounds vile, by the way."
The doorbell rang and Sarah went to answer the door. Poor Bobby was being pushed out of the way by the oncoming rush of his fellow students. She watched in horror as they set up a live DJ, filled coolers with ice and beer; plastic cups and paper plates made their appearance.
Sherlock stood up again, "Just keep Jim out of the meetings and in the printing room where he does his best work and I'm sure everything will work out for you."
"Hmm," Sherlock murmured into John's ear. "That was a good cure for the boredom, but I'm hotter than ever!"
"It was nice to speak with someone who was interested in me for me and not because I was Sherlock Holmes, son of publishing mogul Siger Holmes," Sherlock said.
"Hello and welcome to 221Books. I'm John, just let me know if you need anything," John greeted and then went back to stocking shelves.
Hey, well will you look at that, I updated on time. But to be fair I have four chapters done, written, typed up, and edited. This is the second chapter, so I have two more to put up after this. And a third that will be edited on Monday, so be rest assured that for the next three weeks, I'll be on time then. The problem lies in that nothing is even remotely done after that. It's not even written. But I'll try to get it done well before the 28th so that I can up it that day.
Sherlock stilled his body, though his hands kept curling and uncurling. Molly finished attaching the mix of white wallflowers and alstroemerias to his chest.
John laughed and came up to kiss him. "I love it when you do that," he said against Sherlock's lips. He ran his fingers through those dark curls and the detective leaned into like a giant cat. John was sure that the man purred.
"I still can't believe that he would have such a positive reaction to something that had been the object of scorn for so long," Sherlock went on. "I hadn't met anyone outside this room that had really liked it–"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "That's unusual. He doesn't take on first-time authors as a rule. He must have really thought your book was something special."
They stepped inside and faced four boys who were outcasts of the outcasts, the bottom of the barrel.
There was this pretty blonde PC who had been flirting with John throughout the case, and Sherlock hadn't meant to eavesdrop on them, he was just coming to get his blogger so they could go home. Oh, all right, he
waiting for you notice me." He opened his eyes and clapped his hands together. "Oh, but what fun we'll have."
John bowed his head, "Is there any chance we can reschedule?" The fact that the man was a massive twat, and the fuss Sherlock made were only a couple of reasons he didn't want the man anywhere near his book. And the fact that Sherlock didn't seem to want to go anywhere near the book either, well, that was fine by John.
Sherlock's next meeting was with his location scout. Technically, the show had its own, but he took his cues from Sherlock's man. Bill Wiggins might look like a weasel, but he had an instinct about places that Sherlock trusted implicitly.
"I figure we would take a light lunch out on the veranda and then retire to my study to go over your manuscript," Mycroft said, leading John into the house, the PA following close behind.
And now he was starting to worry that John might think he was avoiding the bookshop, and by extension, John himself.
By the end of the night Sherlock was sure that there was nothing currently between John and his captain, James Sholto, but that didn't soothe him like he thought it would. No, his mind filled with the possibilities of what might happen in those steamy locker rooms.
John nodded. Yeah, he had this. Then he started shaking his head. No, no, no, no. He didn't have this. But before he could make a mad dash for the back room to never come out again, he got a text message.
"I got the ice lollies you like," John said hopefully as he turned around and stopped. He finally took in his lover. Sherlock was wearing his robe and it seemed very little else. The robe sought the floor and the one side had slid off Sherlock's shoulder, revealing a "V" of pale skin, his nipple barely peeking from the swath of fabric.
John swallowed and then nodded. John had only ever focused on two things. Rugby and medicine. He just didn't bother with anything else. But his boyfriend was a completely different creature. Sherlock went after everything he wanted to learn with desire to perfect his knowledge of it.
Sherlock stood on the pavement and looked up at the building that was the headquarters of the BBC in London.
"You're brothers!" she exclaimed. That was the meaning behind the cryptic comment from Sherlock earlier.
Hey look it's Saturday...*mumbles about it being several weeks late* but it's still Saturday. Now in my defense I would have had this up sooner but my laptop reset in the middle of me typing it up and one of the updates had turned off the auto-save I thought I had on. So guess who lost half a chapter and spent weeks moaning over what was the most beautiful piece of writing I'd ever done? You guessed it, me.
John took his turn, brushing his teeth and taking a quick shower. Just because the heater would last, didn't mean he had to make the others wait too long for their turn. He walked out and stopped short. Either the water was louder than he thought or the bathroom was soundproof. Because what he saw before him was Greg glaring at the now very long of people waiting to use the loo, tapping a police baton on the palm of his other hand.
"Seriously, John. You look like a good stiff wind would knock you over. We can suffer one night with him if you want to go home and get a good night's sleep before tackling a grumpy flatmate."
"Thanks, Mycroft," Sherlock replied. "And say hi to that boyfriend of yours and tell him to send me another case, these classes are rotting my brain."
Mike, Greg and John were out by the polo pitch during their free period (well, it was Mike and John's free period, Greg was cutting class) as Greg explained what happened Saturday night.
"Hmm..." Mycroft said. "I'll do you one better, why don't I send a car around and you can help me finish off this bottle of Scotch?"
"Shut it, Stamford," Bertie growled and pushed him to the floor. The people that had been gathering around Bertie suddenly stopped all conversation.
The punk rock kid on the left grinned back, "Oh yeah, and I'm starting to think he way undersold you."
He loved Christmas. Really. It was his favorite holiday, it just this whole year was getting him down. He was going it alone this year and he couldn't get into the Christmas spirit.
John looked around at the dining hall of Angelo's, a little stunned. "I can't believe you were able to get us a table so quickly. When I suggested it, I thought for sure it would be our one-year anniversary before they could fit us in," he said with a laugh.
He knocked on the door but there was no answer. He turned the handle and it opened the door. Will frowned. It wasn't like Uncle Sherlock to leave it unlocked.
to take her to prom rather than stoop so low as to go with Jim Moriarty. Not that Anthea was Bertie's type. She had the wrong bits for that.
"My mum," John explained. "She was grateful for the willing subject, heaven knows Harry never wanted to learn."
Greg rolled his eyes. He cast around for anyone who could help. He spotted one of Sarah's friends. "Hey, Molly!"
John wasn't sure who leaned forward first, but soon caressing became kissing. Soon he was panting for breath as the kisses became more heated.
When John showed up to work the next day, tired and rumpled, he got exactly three reactions. Sympathy from Mrs Hudson, amusement from James, and from Mary? If he didn't know better, he would have said that she was brooding. And he had no reason for her attitude, it stumped him.
"Wow," John said. "Why would you do that if you don't have to? I'm guessing that male dancers don't have to learn it, if there are so few of you that do."
Sherlock smiled. "Oh, very well, another little chip you spent needlessly. Shercroft Publishing won't be working with M&M Prints going forward. But from what I understand, they will have a flood of American publishers wanting to add a little European credibility to their overseas markets."
"So tell me all about this Sherlock fellow," James teased. "I know you want to gush about him. It's all over your face."
Anthea paused. Mike seemed like a good enough guy. Knew his Shakespeare, didn't immediately stare at her tits, and
John stared at him for a moment before giving up trying to figure out what the younger man was thinking. "Anyway, what was it you wanted?"
"Yeah, I see your problem," John agreed. "With authors that write for several genres and age groups, it's hard to determine where a new book falls." He looked around, "Come on, I'll show you how to look up books in the system. Oftentimes publishers will put the genre of book in the listing."
"Oh, that's very kind of you," John said, amusement and delight coloring his tone. "May I borrow your phone?"
was doctor, he said her doctor friends, indicating that she wasn't. But she was very capable and even better at the actual work than John. Which means that she is a nurse, not a doctor."
"I may have told Bertie that if anyone found out, I would tell the whole school that he has a tiny wee." Mycroft giggled, but cleared his throat when he caught Sherlock glaring at him. He rubbed his hands on his jeans nervously.
He opened the door and stopped. He heaved a sigh. There she was, all cool and calculating like a snake. And sitting in
He looked up and down the other man's frame. "I see that you're still as indolent as ever. Put on at least a stone since the last time I saw you. Shouldn't you, I don't know, be actually working out instead of being here? With the suspension and all? Or are you just riding it out, like everything else you do?" John drained the last of his drink.
"Hence the appeal," Mycroft snapped. "Besides, don't you want to know who took Sherlock home from school?"
John walked up to Greg, his French workbook in hand. But before he could get a word out, Greg pulled a knife from his pocket and stabbed it into the French book, burying the blade halfway to the hilt. It didn't pierce the book all the way, but John stared down at the deadly weapon protruding from his homework and gulped.
Mike took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "So what do we do?" Bertie hadn't just ruined Mycroft and Greg's evening, but Mike's too. And if Bertie had scorched their evening, Mike was willing to bet that he had started by ruining Sherlock and John's.
After a bit of arguing, the women agreed to share the largest room, with Greg and Mycroft taking the smallest, David took the sofa, much to John's relief, leaving him with Mike and Sherlock.
John nodded, his face contorting as he tried not to cry. "Thank you." He stood up and buried his head into Sherlock's neck, throwing his arms around his friend.
The beer bottle fell to the floor with a clatter and a splash as John ran back through the dining room and into the sitting room where Sherlock stood, flowers hanging by his side and the most awful hangdog expression John had ever seen.
All the things that John's dad does was done to me and my siblings by my paternal grandparents. I got a fair brunt of it but sister was actually followed to parties by my grandfather because they didn't trust her. And my grandmother would grab our arm so we couldn't look away when she was yelling at us.
Mycroft threw his arms in the air, "Why does everyone insist on harping about prom? I don't want to go." He got into the car and peeled out of the parking lot.
"Yep," John agreed. "I can totally see that." He opened the door for Sherlock, closing it tightly behind him and hurrying to get into the driver's seat.
John rolled his eyes. "Well, if someone had thought to tell me where the games were, it might have not taken so long."
Bertie unlocked his car and she slid in, without so much as a backward glance at Sherlock. As they drove, Sally asked, "How did you get the car fixed so fast?"
The first French lesson after the kiss, John thought, had gone well, but Sherlock seemed to be disappointed about something. John couldn't figure out where he'd gone wrong.
"Oh!" John breathed. "Yes!" His legs wrapped around the taller man's hips and drew them together, trying to feel every inch of Sherlock's skin.
"I just hate to put him out of a job. He's been so loyal to me, even when no one else was," Sherlock murmured.
"Thanks," John said, opening the cans. "You can put your coat in the bedroom." John jerked his head to a small door behind him.
It was Christmas again and John couldn't believe what a year it had been. If someone had told him back then that this year he would be in a relationship with a completely mad detective, he would have laughed, then punched them.
John sighed and then straightened his shoulders, "No, you're wrong. And I'm going to prove it to you."
"It's only for a couple days, it's not like it's going to be weeks or months. You'll be back before you know it and giving the criminals of London hell," John murmured in the detective's ear as he stroked those curls.
Thankfully not many people saw the commotion, so the rest of the event went off without a hitch and could even be called a rousing success.
John and Sherlock shared a glance before they both nodded. John dashed to gather his things and followed Sherlock out of the lab, enjoying his view of that arse again. They continued walking like this, Sherlock just enough in front of John so he could keep an eye on Sherlock's assets.
Sherlock nodded and slipped out of the office. Mycroft slumped against the front of his desk. John Watson had done the impossible. He had been the making of his brother. He had taken a great man and made him a good one.
Sherlock laughed, burying his head into John's crotch, this time to stop the giggles that threatened to derail their evening.
John looked up when the bell above the door tinkled. A distinguished older gentleman came in, looking around.
Sherlock gulped and nodded. He missed the heat of John's palm and his mind helpfully supplied other ways that hand could be touching him.
"Sherlock!" Greg greeted cheerfully. "I'm excited for this coming season, I'm hearing really good things."
Sherlock tapped Greg's shoulder and the Detective Inspector grinned before moving to stand by his husband's side.
"Hold tight, you're in no fit state to drive yourself home," Mike said. "One of us will take you home, okay?"
This time John's outrage was more of a roar than a squeak, "Hey, buddy. There will be no ploughing."
Toby: Well, "The Spring of the Gryphon" is not "Griffin's Steps", as it continues to rise on the best sellers' lists.
The younger Holmes gulped. "He helped me get through the thunderstorms, he made sure I was fed and that I could sleep. He went above and beyond the bounds of human decency."
"What the hell?" John muttered. He didn't even like Sherlock and already he thought that was going too far. Especially for a first book.
Sherlock moaned, one hand grasping the back of John's neck and his other running up and down John's arm.
John twisted to face Sherlock, slotting them together, chest to chest. Sherlock's arms wrapped around the doctor to keep him from tumbling to the floor. "I know you do. You've told me time and time again, if I only had listened."
He was a tall man with dark red hair and deep blue eyes. He was broad-shouldered and cut a fine figure in his three-piece suit.
"Irene has friends in high places. Very high places, and I wouldn't put it past her to try this again," Sherlock explained.
Sherlock let out a harsh laugh. "He would have lost even if he wasn't as interesting as plain toast. I wouldn't spread my legs for him even if he paid me."
What if they ended up hating each other, or worse, decided it was best just being friends? Before the cycle of self-doubt fully crept into his head, there was a knock on the door. Startled out of his dark spiral, he dashed to get it.
"Mummy came up with a new rule," Sherlock purred, his voice low and smooth. "I can date when my brother does."
Greg paused for a moment and then sighed again, "I'm out at the bleachers having a smoke for the first time in weeks."
He never pestered Sherlock to eat, but he always made sure his pockets were filled with something that Sherlock could devour on the run.
Bertie scoffed, "Like anyone would want to go out with you without severe compensation." He laughed and walked off. Mission accomplished.
"When Janine came and visited me in the hospital, she mentioned that she had bought a cottage in Sussex. My mind has kept going back to that. The thought of retiring out there when my body can no longer keep up with my mind."
And then she strolled out of his office. Once the door closed behind her, Sherlock nearly howled his frustration.
"But your name has been on the books at Cambridge since you were born. At Oxford, they won't care that you're a Holmes," Mummy pleaded.
Sherlock's robe followed John's jacket to the floor as hands sought out skin. Shirts were rucked up and removed. Fingers trailed on the bands of their trousers, seeking what lay beneath.
Sherlock fisted the blankets and let out little gasps of pleasure as John chased his own climax, keeping it nice and easy, drawing out both their pleasure.
It took John longer than he would have liked to convince Sherlock to come with him to Mike and Divya's wedding. It look a lot of begging, pleading, and maybe more emotional blackmail than was strictly fair. But he couldn't help it. He wanted to show up at this wedding where there would be a lot of his friends and show them that not only was he doing fine since Christmas, but that he was with Sherlock. Wasn't that just a kick in teeth? He couldn't believe how lucky he had been.
Greg looked down at Sherlock’s phone and then back up to Sherlock’s face. “John Watson? John Watson is your beau?”
John's returning smile could light London for years. "It's still incredible," he said, as though Sherlock had everything to do with it.
"I just wanted to date too, but I honestly thought they were just trying to set you up with him. I didn't know about Bertie and everything."
Amy helped Sherlock into the chair while John signed him out. Then the three of them made their way to a waiting taxi, Amy helping John get Sherlock into the vehicle.
When Sherlock finally came up for air, he looked down at John, and there on his love's face what that expression that he had been trying to figure out. It was love. Pure, unadulterated love.
Just as Mycroft was about to exit the parking lot, he spotted Sherlock and Sally in the back of Bertie's sports car.
Sherlock was struck by how that simple gesture warmed his chest more than the whiskey he had just downed.
"It's fine, but there you have it," Greg spat bitterly. "The very true and very dark history of Gregory Lestrade. It's not as cool or as hip as the porn star, but it will have to do."
John twitched. "I'm really uncomfortable with her behavior and you can't tell me it's not hurting business."
"I'm a cop. Detective Inspector, in fact. Homicide division. Found this little beauty," he raised the baton, "in the inside of the pocket of my coat. I've gotten so used to its weight, I forget it's there most of the time." Greg shrugged. "Came in handy today, though."
That wonder slipped off Sherlock's face and he grimaced. "I assume that they are releasing me tomorrow after a night of observation."
John blushed. "You were always better at seeing that sort of thing than I was, " he said, kissing her on the cheek. "Thanks for standing in for my mum."
"Mr Watson! Mr Holmes!" a booming voice cried from above them. "So good to see you at last. I was unfortunately out of town when the terrible incident occurred."
"Oh," Sherlock murmured, walking across the floor to step on the coffee table and over to the sofa where he traced the bullet holes with his finger. "The wall had it coming."
John was enjoying the party for a change. He didn't use to enjoy these things before Sherlock came along. Even the dates he brought were only ever there for their own agenda. But Sherlock was only there for him. It was quite refreshing, really. But even when he didn't have a date, the sheer amount of posturing and flaunting of wealth was appalling.
Molly glowered at him. "Well, I think it's romantic. And you won't be sharing your day with millions of others. Though, apparently, it's a little more common than I thought," she said with a wink at Greg and Mycroft.
"Great," John said. "I'll make sure you guys get any drinks you want while you wait. It shouldn't be too long."
Mr Holmes smiled. "You're welcome, I'm glad they got put to use, if I'm honest. I've gained some weight and I know at my age, it's going to take a miracle for that come off."
Mary rolled her eyes. "Or whatever people are calling it these days. He practically smeared himself all over you, and not once did I see you complain. So if you're not gay, what are you?"
Sherlock threw back his head and groaned. John took that opportunity to place a kiss on that beautiful neck. Sherlock sighed happily as John ground down, finally getting the friction he'd been seeking. He wrapped his arms around John and pulled him down so that they were flush together.
To my beta, who in our long acquaintance has never had so many chapters thrown at her so often. I did the math and I averaged a chapter every four days. And yet she rose to the occasion. Thanks Old Ping Hai!
"Dance with me, Sherlock," John breathed. Sherlock took John's hand and the doctor pulled him in so they were chest to chest.
"Sherlock!" John called, but it fell on deaf ears as Sherlock continued to rummage around. After a moment or two Sherlock came back with his prizes. A pen and a slip of paper.
Soon Sherlock was panting with need and John gently pulled his fingers out. Sherlock moaned from the loss but soon was moaning even louder when John began pressing his cock at Sherlock's entrance. Once John slid all the way home, Sherlock threw his head back and made a sound that was part growl, part scream. John let out a growl of his own, fighting the urge to pound into Sherlock.
Sherlock whipped around, his trademark coat whirling about his long legs like a perfect fan. "I'm not shortening it," he hissed. "'Unmasking the Supernatural' is only part of the title and to shorten it is plain idiocy."
John looked back at the house and saw Mrs Holmes staring out the window at them like some horror movie villain.
moaning about how a woman beat you? Upset that a woman decided that you were rubbish and put you down like a dog." Sherlock shook his head. "Begone!"
He ran for the staircase. And sure enough, sulking under the stairs was John Watson. Sherlock was struck at how beautiful the other boy was with his deep blue eyes and blond hair.
He sat down at the small table and waited for the tea before he began. He told them of the emotional and verbal abuse that had gone on for years. The following John and Harry to make sure they were where they said they were going to be. The jabs at Harry's weight, the hints that John's friends all secretly hated him. The pitting of the siblings against each other.
"Be that as that may, Mr Fancy Pants, your own bank account is nothing to sneeze at. Christ, Sherlock, you could buy Mrs Hudson out and own this place outright."
"I touched your arm when you stepped to your right and I could see her. She was screaming that I couldn't have you. But she vanished when I yelled for her to stop."
Sherlock had offered his spare room for John to rent. It was a relief to have some place to go and with the help of the minions of Sherlock's brother, Mycroft, John had moved out was before Mary came back to the flat.
Bertie's lip curled in anger and disgust, "When I pay someone to take out someone's older brother so I can date them, then I best get to date them. Not have them show up to prom with some army brat."
Greg shrugged. "You were upset, it's fine. And since he's out there playing, I'd say he's fine, too."
Once Victor had pointed it out, Sherlock could see the family resemblance. Which was actually worse; suddenly he had the overwhelming desire to run.
He rubbed his hands together and scanned the room. It appeared that either John didn't have much faith in his abilities or didn't want to hide it at all, because there in the clenched jaw of the skull on the mantelpiece was a slim, white piece of paper.
John held up a hand. "It's none of your business. I don't care if you're family of Sherlock's, on the board of directors for the Royal Ballet, or even the god damned British government, you don't get a say in who
–" And that is when they tackled him to the ground. Mycroft wasn't sure what made him wince more, the tackle or the sound the microphone made when it hit the ground, causing that eardrum-splitting screeching noise.
The two men that John mention in describing Victor are where me and the fandom disagree. Most of the fandom picture Tom, while I picture Sendhil. Although, there are those few outliers that think he looks like Idris Elba...so yeah.
She turned over the paper in her hands, enjoying the soft, almost felt-like texture of the parchment. Written on one side of the paper in sepia ink were the words, "To the most fairest of the fair, Anthea, would you dare to grace your exalted presence with me to the prom Saturday next? Forever yours, William S."
By the time they finished the warm-ups, it had spread all through the building that Sherlock Holmes was honest-to-God, genuinely happy for the first time in years. Since....
John walked into the room and realized that he was seeing a Sherlock Holmes with his defenses down. The fancy clothes were gone, the makeup absent, and his expression open and trusting.
"We wouldn't want that, would we?" Sherlock said and licked another stripe, going the opposite direction to take the tip in his mouth.
"Hey, Cath," John soothed. "It's okay. He's just a bit defensive because dancers don't get a lot of credit for what they do, and the men are seen as gay."
stupid," Sherlock explained. "But I do feel a little bad that you got drawn into a game you couldn't afford to play, so I will email Sebastian here a list of American contacts looking to expand their market overseas. It will be up to you whether or not you can procure them."
Hello, my lovies. Here it is the last chapter. After almost 2 years this story has finally reached its end. I want to thank all of you who have stayed with me through it all. The tears, the laughs.
"That's a shame, I'm sorry you had to go that way," John continued as if he hadn't heard the question.
He had been so sure that Mary was the one. So certain that the wedding he would attend was his own. Maybe Mike's, but not Greg's. He had become friends with the Detective Inspector. In fact, he had several police friends. He had a new life now. He was still friends with Mike and Divya. Molly, too. But he had new friends, people that he never thought that he would be friends with. Like the one that had gone from flatmate to friend, and finally lover. A mad man called Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock tossed his hair out of his face and shoved his hands into his pockets. "As per the agreement in the written trust, I am here in person to ask for the release of the sum owed to me as set up by our parents."
The Mastiff more surprised than anything else came to dead stop. The man looked up and muttered, "John?"
After watching Sherlock wander through the library without choosing a single novel to read, John came to a sad conclusion.
Mycroft pulled down the book and saw his mother standing above him, looking furious. He scrambled to sit up and greeted cheerfully, "Hello, Mummy."
"Oh yes," Sherlock said coming up to stand next to John. "You see, Victor, I found someone who isn't interested in me just because I'm suddenly famous and worth the effort. You aren't interested in
Major Watson shook John again, causing his teeth to rattle, but took the phone from John's hand. He fiddled around with the buttons but couldn't get it to turn on.
Sherlock chuckled and moved his piece. He placed his head in his hand, one finger on his temple. "Another one of those things everyone knows, but you missed out by being overseas, I'd imagine."
But no. He didn't want to go, so she would have to find another date. Anthea was so desperate yet that she was willing to throw herself at anyone who might glance her way.
Sherlock closed his eyes and took in a deep, shuddering breath. He slowly opened his eyes. "I don't like it. Why couldn't we have got dressed together?"
Barbara nodded. "I'll make sure to let him know. He was just so excited that you had decided to come back. He was over the moon, especially after Julie had made such a mess of things before."
John's eyebrows shot up. "You didn't!" Sherlock ducked his head in shame. "Oh my God, you did. Why?"
Sebastian buried his head in his hands and ran his fingers down his face. "You can't–you can't pull out. We'd be ruined if you do."
She didn't even bother looking at the two men who had witnessed the whole thing, she just turned tail and ran.
"Hey, Sherlock," John greeted warmly when the publicist picked up almost immediately. "I just got out of my first meeting with my editor."
"No, but now that I know the dynamic, this negotiation will be a cakewalk," Sherlock replied. "That is, if we even decide to stay with them."
"Nah, they don't want to turn it into a tourist trap or some shite like that," Wiggins said, shaking his head.
Sherlock rubbed his eyes. He didn't usually sleep that deeply or that well, regardless of where he was.
"I'm sorry," John commiserated. And he was, if only for the fact that the experiment was supposed to last Sherlock a week. He began to put the food away.
and I fought over letting me play again. She said papa's accident was further proof that the sport was bad and that I should stay away."
"You boys go to bed," Mrs Stamford said. "I'll make sure to wake you up in time for John to get home by ten."
John walked out of Dillon's office, wondering how he was going to get home. He barely had enough money to take the Tube, but didn't think he'd be able to withstand the morning crowds still bustling about.
It was Christmas yet again. Sherlock wanted to make it special. They hadn't had a good Christmas together and it was bearing down on Sherlock like a weight around his neck. He had to make it the best Christmas ever.
John would have liked to have said that he only had eyes for Sherlock, but the entire thing enchanted him. The way they were able to convey the whole story without uttering a single phrase or warble a tune. It was magnificent.
Divya was putting in the last of the spices when everyone returned, including those who were supposed to have left.
John ducked his head. "Sorry–" he began but was cut off by Mrs Hudson shrieking and launching herself at the customer.
"That bitch!" Jim roared, leaping to his feet. "If I get my hands on her I will skin her! I will turn her into shoes!"
"Good thing the chances of us seeing him again are pretty slim," John said, fighting back tears of laughter.
John nodded and moved his piece. "What made you decide on head publicist? The thing with Mrs Hudson?"
Sherlock grinned, "Especially since your tell is that you do this funny little nose wrinkle when you've gotten something good."
John sat down on the edge of the seat, nervously clutching his cane. "Have you done this sort of thing before?"
"Because I would have had plans for Valentine's, too." Greg looked Sherlock dead in the eye, practically asking him to deny it.
An enthusiastic cheer went up. Sherlock blushed deeply as Greg whistled and pounded on his shoulder as he clapped.
"But it's the one Mummy gave me; if she sees me without it, I'll never hear the end of it," Sherlock defended.
Sherlock blushed and Anderson stopped walking with them, mouth hanging open. "Uh..let's see. It was built in 1896 by a Charles Augustus Milverton, who named it Appledore. It also has a long and terrible history of misfortune."
"You must despise me at this point, and guess what? At least three more days of this!" Sherlock gestured to himself. "Catering to the whims of your worst enemy is enough to drive anyone mad."
There was a knock on the door and Greg called out for them to come in as he shuffled papers around to hide what he had been looking at—blown up pictures of the "ghost."
"Yes, the rugby is obvious, you're standing in front of me in your rugby kit. The scholarship is evident in the fact that while the bag and ball are new, you are wearing old cleats. You have a new pair in the bag, but you aren't wearing them, why? Could be that the old ones are your 'lucky' pair, but you don't strike me as superstitious. So that means that you don't dare to. If you wear them during practice and they get ruined, you couldn't afford another pair. But you go to school here, scholarship, clearly. Now the medical school was a little tricky. There are several fields that require chemistry. But sticking out of your bag is an anatomy book with a syllabus for Prof Gretna's class for genetics. Combine the three and you get medical student."
John scratched the back of his neck sheepishly. "I tried to convince him to call you, or barring that, wait a couple more days." He looked over at Sherlock fondly. "A bit bullheaded that one."
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. "Well, I know he likes pretty boys. He has a picture of Cary Grant in his bedroom."
"I have another surprise for you, but I left it in my luggage at Mycroft's, so it will have to wait until the after party," Sherlock said.
Update: apparently ao3 glitched and people only saw chapter five today. I also wasn't getting notifications when people did comment. So hopefully people can see it now.
Bill held up his hands, "Whoa, whoa, wait a minute, what the hell happened that made you give that look?"
"It took me that long to convince the idiot shop boy to get it for me. He spent the whole time on his mobile," Sherlock sniffed.
Mummy shot up from her chair like a cork popping from a bottle of wine. "Be that as that may, young man. You are under my roof, and you will do as I say."
"I'm not most people, John, in case you haven't noticed..." Sherlock trailed off as he looked up at John.
"John Watson," Sherlock began. "You have brought light to my life in ways I never thought possible, but more than your own glow, you are my conductor of light. Everything I thought to be abhorrent: love, sentiment, desire–you have shown me to be the greatest of assets. I was told that I was heartless, but it turns out that you held it in your hands all along." Sherlock cleared his throat and his lower lip quivered ever so. "Will you marry me?" He pulled out the ring and John gasped.
Mycroft looked at Greg's Triumph and snarled, "We're taking my car." He glared at Greg, daring the other boy to protest.
Sherlock listened again. "Oh for fuck's sake. Tell Jim to get his head out of his arse and read the God damned email. It's for the trade paperback and not for the standard."
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's waist and drew him in close. "Their scrum line was as big as their props, so they ended up literally bowling you over."
"I thought I had gotten over that silly want, that silly desire, and then I meet John Watson and got to know him and suddenly I want to start writing again."
She smiled up at him, "The train was on time for a change, so we are a bit ahead of schedule, do you want to stretch your legs some before we go?"
"Because you saying that means you think the only one suited for a Sherlock Holmes is a John Watson. And I can think of no higher compliment."
Greg hit his head on the steering wheel. He got out of the car, making sure it was locked up tight, and got on his bike. He pulled on his helmet, still cussing himself out. He should have at least explained that he didn't want to take advantage of Mycroft in his precarious state with the alcohol and the concussion.
Sebastian Moran and Jim Moriarty were already on their side of the table in M&M Prints' fancy conference room. They both rose to meet Sherlock when he walked in, and they all shook hands.
Sherlock frowned, but took the paper from Billy's teeth. He stuck it in his pocket. He had promised that he would burn the letter. And it felt appropriate that considering he found it on the mantel, it should be burned in the fire. He built up the fire and got a good blaze going before he drew the note out.
To my husband, sidheman, who must have gotten tired of my constant pestering on how to spell a word, or when to stop a chapter, or how to get around a plot wall that I had accidentally wrote myself into. He is a gem.
But they made sure to stop and speak with Barbara on the way out. They explained how the extra attention made them uncomfortable, though everything else was fantastic.
"Also, pay attention, because if you need to have it shown to you again, I'll have James or Mrs Hudson show you, because I won't," he told her sternly.
Sherlock nodded, still not quite believing, but willing to bask in the comfort of their indignation at his thought that he could have done something differently to avoid this.
Whelp! Here we go, the penultimate chapter. The prom. This chapter is a bit rough emotionally, but I promised a happy ending and it'll get there. We just have hurt them first. :(
He decided the safest option was to ignore the interfering git. He put John's contact information into his phone and then tapped the device against his bottom lip.
"Regardless, my book wasn't released today, it was released ten years ago and if wishes were fishes, I'd eat for a lifetime," he pressed on.
"Good, now get out there and go snag yourself a hot rugby player," Victor insisted, all but pushing his friend out the door.
"The Tower of London for the charlatan," Wiggins said, pulling out a second grubby envelope to hand to Sherlock.
The drive up to Mike's cabin was uneventful except for the storm arriving a bit early. By the time they got to the place, the snow was coming down in sheets. It was almost a complete whiteout. When they pulled up the drive, Mike came running out to greet them.
"Not at all," Sherlock said slowly, as if he were speaking to a child or dimwit. "If the two scenes are well written, the reader will form their own conclusions on how the characters got from point A to point B."
John smiled at how happy Sherlock was with the new place. It was an Edwardian brownstone and was as cozy as it was secure.
"I know," John said, taking Sherlock's hand. "But just because you're leaving 'Unmasking the Supernatural: The Science of Demystifying the Ethereal' as host doesn't mean it's the end. You'll find other things to do, maybe here, maybe not. But this place would be lost without you."
"If I've done the math correctly, somewhere around three-quarters of a million pounds," Sherlock replied.
room did John bank the fire and turn in for bed. He let Sherlock borrow his toothbrush, as the other man's belongings were in the Land Rover that had been abandoned when it had stalled out due to the storm. They moved in rhythm and John flashed him a smile in the mirror, causing the young man to blush.
John nodded as the detective began rocking his hips against John's. The doctor threw his head back as pleasure surged through every bone in his body. Sherlock latched onto his lover's neck, purpling a bruise there and repeated the process all over John's chest.
"You could have made it difficult for me. Asked what the money was for, questioned my motives," Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock shook his head, but didn't have time to think about it, as that was his cue. He walked to the middle of the stage, got into position, and took a deep breath. He let the music from the orchestra wash away his fears. This is who he was. This is what he loved. People come and go, but he always had the music.
John chuckled. He wasn't about to say what his type was as that would be showing his hand just a little too much. And that was a conversation best had in person. "No. I'm not interested in either one; besides, by the end of the year, I'll be traipsing all over this blasted country."
"I was out at the pub but the other person bailed on me and I was wondering if you would like to join me for drinks instead?"
Sherlock looked in and then followed the stairs up to the landing. At the top was a man in a light grey suit. His eyes were dark as his hair. He was finishing getting ready by putting on gold cufflinks. His brow was furrowed in a deep frown that made his features a mask of pure fury.
Greg was noticeably absent from the rest of his classes. Mike and John didn't even see him at lunch. By then it had spread throughout the whole school what had happened at prom and Mycroft's poem. John chuckled at some of the rumors that were flying around, but it was distressing that Greg had vanished. And worse, he wasn't taking anyone's calls.
There was some nervous twittering from the crowd. "I refuse to write another one," Sherlock continued and the nervous twitters became more anxious.
John chuckled, "Apparently being the death beneficiary for both my wife and best friend does wonders for one's bank account."
"Excuse me?" John nearly choked. "We aren't dating. I never said I would date you, and I'm interested in someone else. Someone
Sherlock shook his head. "There are very few people I can tolerate listening to without picking out the flaws, and they are all professionals."
"You repel me." Sherlock then slammed the car door shut and tapped on the roof to let the officer driving the car know it was safe to go.
Sally glared at him a moment and then yanked the phone out of his hand. She angrily hit the call button. She tapped her foot as it rang through.
Greg took the box and groaned when he saw that it contained nicotine patches. "So I'm a non-smoker?" he asked as he threw the box into his bag.
“Why do you have to go?” he asked. He hoped to convince her to stay; at least if she stayed then he could figure out where it had all gone wrong.
John got up and Sherlock followed him to the kitchen, where they feasted on cake and talked well into the night.
"I took to drinking heavily," Greg replied putting his arms on the top of the car, fingers interlaced. "Partying every night. Hitting all the hot spots."
John blushed. "I was in a bad place when I got home, and I just haven't had the desire or a reason to buy new things," he admitted.
John opened the door to find a petulant but resigned Sherlock and an annoyed but smugly satisfied Mycroft standing in the middle of the room.
"Sherlock told me that if we lived modestly like we've been doing, then this money would last us our entire lives."
"You did? So you're the one who told him to write the sequels and to leave the first one at a cliffhanger," John growled. "Boy do I have a bone to pick with you!"
He tossed it over his shoulder as goofy as could be to the crowd of single women. There was a bit of a tussle for it, but Molly emerged victorious.
"He likes to brag that he can do just fine in the kitchen without fancy gadgets, thank you very much," Sherlock mocked.
Soon there was a tinkling of glass, as Mycroft tapped a knife against his wine glass to get everyone's attention.
Mike and John rolled their eyes while Sherlock muttered something about a pig's ear. John grabbed a couple of Mycroft's bags so that Greg didn't have to carry them all. Mike helped Sherlock with the rest of their things.
mistake. This one was much bigger than saying a file was the wrong size; this was a costly mistake worth several thousand pounds.
He couldn't let Sherlock see how much this last month's estrangement had affected him. After all, it was his fault for chasing Mary when all he had to do was wait for Sherlock. The evening and their lives would be better than they were now.
"I don't care what she thinks about me, but I do care she's being rude to James. The bloke doesn't deserve her ire."
John drank a long sip of the coffee, letting the caffeine hit his system. "Long shift at the surgery, two of the doctors on staff called in sick today."
John couldn't take any more teasing and thrust his hips up to get friction. Sherlock obliged his love by grinding down.
Greg sat in a small classroom used for detention, twiddling his thumbs and wishing he had homework to do or at least remembered to bring a book with him.
John grabbed Sherlock's hips and used them to gently glide in and out of his lover. Every nerve ending sparked in John's mind.
Greg maneuvered him to sit on the one of the swings. Mycroft gripped the chains, but before Greg could move away, he lurched backward. Greg managed to catch him in time to steady him.
He looked back at Mary and that unease came back as she playfully argued that red tinsel was better than silver. He shook it off. It was probably the storm, making him anxious.
"Don't give me that look," Donna said sternly. "You know full well what you did." She turned to the two men. "Sorry about that, I'm watching him for a friend of mine while she's out of town. He behaves for her, but not me."
He went to open the door and was very impressed. John was wearing a simple but well-made black suit and tie.
“Bollocks!” Greg said. “You don’t put yourself out there for just anyone. I thought you took your mother out to dinner last night.”
John snorted. "If we went to your room, I can pretty much guarantee that there wouldn't be much studying done. As enjoyable as that would be, I really do need to pass this class."
John scowled at his shoes. How many times had he come home from a long week at work where he had barely seen the detective, only to find out that not only was he on his fourth nicotine patch, he hadn't slept in days and had been subsisting on biscuits and scones.
Bill laughed. Bill Murray (not the film star) was John's shiny new literary agent. He specialized in former veterans, and especially war or battle stories written by said veterans. And he had picked John. Which still blew John's mind.
"Hey, Sherlock," John muttered as he shuffled past. He was so focused on the thought of a cool drink he missed the crestfallen expression on Sherlock's face, the lovely meal on the dining room table and the wine chilling next to his beer. He pulled it out and took a sip after popping the lid off. He blinked for a few seconds as his brain finally processed what he had seen.
But apparently neither of the departments he headed could function without him. The artist who had been hired to do all the covers for Molly Hooper's books had quit. Sherlock had spent two long days just trying to get the artist to agree to new terms to at least finish the book series.
"As a former doctor, I can't risk you having a panic attack where I can't find you. This is tedious, but it's better than the alternative," John explained.
"John," Sherlock began. "I pledge to remember when running into danger that the most important thing is that you are always with me, even if it means I have to stop and explain. I pledge to try and understand that there are times and places for genius and there are times and places for gentleness. And trusting you to guide me into knowing which is which.
John's breath became ragged and he began to thrust up, chasing his climax. Sherlock arched his back, his arms ramrod straight as he came. John felt the warm liquid hit his chest and with a few solid strokes from his lover's hand, followed into oblivion.
John just thudded his head on the table a few more times. "I don't have that kind of money. If I asked my dad for it, I'd be belted within an inch of my life."
John sat for a moment and then got up to pour himself some more whiskey. He leaned up against the sidebar and crossed one foot over the other. "You do know that this wasn't deliberate, right? I wasn't trying to hurt him or humiliate him." John took another long sip of of his drink. "I thought it would be a cheap thrill. I'd come in and show the Great Skeptic Sherlock Holmes that there was more to life than he supposed. Maybe take him out to dinner and we'd have a laugh. I sure the hell wasn't trying to make his own latent medium abilities come out." He looked morosely into his glass before downing it in one gulp. He poured himself another. This one he took to his chair and sat back down.
"Christ, if I know," Greg huffed. "He dashed off like always. By the time me and my team caught up to him, the suspect was gone, and Sherlock was there on the ground. There was no physical damage or any indication he was drugged, so passed out is the best thing they could figure."
He started to vanish, but before he disappeared altogether, John caught sight of Bertie's messenger bag. Stitched by a loving hand was the name A. Watson.
"Christ, so all of it." John ran his hands over his face. "Because, you git, no one should have to stand there and hear someone talk about them that way."
Mike shook his head. "Not in the way you mean. Did I think that you two would make a perfect team, sure. But love? Not until he winked at you did I even think that it might tend that way."
Mycroft walked to stand over his brother, holding out the paper. Sherlock took it and put in his inside breast pocket.
"Now Divya was quite the pretty puzzle. She didn't have the smell of formaldehyde, but still that lingering smell of disinfectant. But what would she do that would require her to want to bathe in the stuff? Infectious diseases. That, and she mutters the scientific names of diseases when she's trying to concentrate."
Here we are at the end and I want to thank everyone who has commented on this story. With particular thanks to purplehedgehog13, OhGodYes_CptWatson, NotaCapriSun, and sweetmarly, who commented on so many chapters (and in some cases all of them) and made it so much easier to dive right into the next chapter so I could see what their reactions would be. This story wouldn't be the same without you.
"Hell, Doc, I like these fancy machines you blokes got these days." The ghost shook his head. "Maybe I might have lived."
"Yeah?" John asked, happily surprised at how quickly Sherlock said yes. "Um...there is this little cafe I know that has the best pasta, it's called Castillo. How about there in about..." John looked at his watch. "An hour?"
John got dressed in his own things and grabbed his phone and the bag that he had brought with him. He stood by Sherlock on the helipad watching the helicopter land.
"Mycroft said that's where the family albums were, I just assumed he was lying. I would have burned the damn things," Sherlock explained. Lightning flashed and Sherlock buried his head in the duvet in time for the thunder to boom.
"Right in one. But they weren't the only stories he had stolen from her, he had been stealing her work from before they got married," Sherlock explained.
There was a warm chuckle behind them and they turned around. There in his tan overcoat and wire-rim glasses, was Mike Stamford.
problem. Mrs Hudson had decided to hire two part-timers instead of one full-timer and she was making him train both of them at the same time.
"Shit," John murmured. "I'm sorry. I didn't know he'd hit his head. I wasn't thinking, making you leave him alone like that was a complete dick move."
I can't remember for sure who it was that answered that for me (I want to say Neil Gaiman, but I don't know), but it was on tumblr and I have been grateful to them ever since.
Sherlock excused himself from John when they got to prom because he really needed to use the loo. On his way out he ran into Sally coming out of the girls' bathroom.
But to make up for me holding on to it, have a little bit of Mycroft whump and some delicious smut. Be kind on the smut, this only my second foray into sex in this fandom.
The ride home was tense and silent, with Sherlock wound up as though he expected John to shout at him.
Greg pulled it out John's hand, "Let me see that!" His eyes bulged as he looked at the black card. "Christ! Just how much is on this thing?"
The army taught him a lot of things; one of them happened to be to face conflict head on when possible, so John walked up to the customer. "Is there anything I can help you find?"
However, when he neared the study, John could hear raised voices and judging from the exasperation in Mycroft's voice, this had been going on for a while.
"It's the only thing that makes sense, he framed one of his guests. Why else would the player not know he is the murderer?"
John was starting to get a little nervous. Sherlock had gone into the shop almost an hour ago and they were already running behind schedule. John checked his watch again; very little time had passed since the last time he checked, but it was still closer to the mark than he would like.
And much to his chagrin, his brother picked up on that aspect. But then it was his brother after all, and no one knew him better.
Sherlock was practicing his fencing as Bertie watched. Bertie liked the way the fencing uniform showed off Sherlock's assets and slowly licked his bottom lip.
Brook turned to Anderson, "If I see so much as a second of this on that show of yours, I will ski-in you."
“Oh my god,” Greg breathed. “You’re in love with him. You fell hard and fast for this feller, didn’t you?”
Sherlock hadn't intended to let John know that his birthday was on the 6th of January but John had come home early from his shift at the surgery to hear Sherlock hissing into phone at Mycroft, "I am telling you in no uncertain terms that there is no way that am I spending time with our parents on
Sherlock chuckled. "A right hook into the jaw of the leader of the bullies to lay him low was proof enough that I wasn't a wilting violet. They gave me wide berth after that."
"I got you a present. I saw it when I was looking for a gift for Harry and thought of you," John explained.
"You can read whatever the hell you want," John continued. "This is your house, and I would be a shit guest if I made fun of anything you enjoyed."
Years pass and they see the birth of William Hamish and Lily Marie Lestrade. Will was born in the middle of a triple murder. John thinks it was a new record for the detective on how quickly the case was solved. Lily was born a couple years after that.
John sucked and licked his way up and down Sherlock's cock, causing the dancer to breathe faster and faster, his moans and gasps fading away as John blew him to his climax.
Sebastian shook his head, "Before I took over the company from my late father, M&M's accountant came to me. Mr Knowles informed me that both our fathers had run the company like their own personal piggy bank.
"I'm sure," Sherlock said flatly. And without another word he turned around and led Brook to the waiting car. Anderson hopped into a camera van, completely separate from Brook and Sherlock.
Mike shook his head, "There are no other cabins for miles. But I made sure the cabin was well stocked with emergency gear and food."
After finding out that the only two numbers in Sherlock's phone book were his and Mycroft's, John did a little digging and found that the detective often alienated people with his deductions, as Sherlock called them. Other than his brother, Mycroft, and his fiancé, Greg, Sherlock didn't have a lot of people who would be willing to come, so John called a couple of his own friends.
"Why would anyone want to go to that pitiful display of base human behavior?" he asked, tearing the poster off the wall and stuffing it into a nearby rubbish bin.
He had called Molly first and she seemed too excited to come to a near stranger's birthday party. John was concerned that she was getting her hopes up for nothing. And he didn't want either of his friends hurt.
Out of the corner of John's eye, he saw Sherlock starting to fidget, so he got up and took the detective's hand. They moved around the room, greeting the bride and groom, chatting with Molly and her new boyfriend. They watched the cutting of the cake, vaguely participated in the garter toss, (it went to Divya's brother, Bodhan) and stood, Sherlock's arms around John as they watched the happy couple's first dance.
Mrs Stamford clicked her tongue in disapproval. "What I saw was bad enough, come inside. I'll make us all a cuppa, and you tell us as much or as little as you want. How does that sound?"
have those flaws, I'm only using those as examples. You are free to give him whatever flaws you want as long as you make them believable."
Sherlock chuckled and then unbuttoned a second button. There, that should do it. He slipped on his shoes and opened the door.
John left Greg to his line control and went in search of Mike. He found his friend pulling out pots and pans from under the kitchen sink.
Mycroft sighed heavily. "I am immediately notified when either one of you makes a purchase that large."
"I miss you so much," Sherlock murmured. "But at least I finally got permission to shove off M&M and hire another company."
John was on his way home from work when Greg called to tell him that Sherlock was in the hospital. He had collapsed while chasing a criminal. So, okay, it wasn't
"You're looking at this the wrong way. He did this because he saw that you were working yourself to bone to make sure the two of you were okay, and so he wanted to return the favor. For Christ's sake, let him!"
"Your book was fine, Lockie," Mycroft admonished. "It was 2010, for God's sake. Who knew the public would still be so adverse to a small kiss between two boys?"
John missed this. The way her body moved in sync with his. He wanted her. Even after all she'd done he still wanted her. If she kissed him, he fall in love all over again. He knew he was a fool, that she really didn't care about him.
Sherlock let out a long sigh. "I'm afraid it will, and it means that the two-week time frame will be stretched out to who knows how long."
Mummy glared back at him. "Oh very funny, dear." She folded her hands on her lap and smiled. "So how was prom? Was it fun?"
Sherlock chuckled. "Mycroft would probably like his book back, so why I don't I find you another copy and sign it for you."
"Oh, to be a fly on that wall when you tell them you went with someone else," John said with a grin. "Who are you going to go with? Not Magnusson Inc, I hope."
The next morning John was up and making breakfast when Sherlock came out, wrapped in a sheet from the bed.
the eye roll that went with the derisive snort. "Are you actually writing a book, or are you one of those sorts that claim they are writing a book to impress people?"
Mycroft smiled at him, "You know, you can't go around buying me guitars every time I'm pissed at you."
John and Sherlock looked at each other, not sure if he meant the drinks or if the chef meant to choose their meal for them. But before they could ask, Angelo had hurried back to the kitchen. Skipping.
About the scene with John and the troll, I originally had it before Greg met with John as his editor. But as I was typing it up, it didn't work there. Not even as it was written. So I did a bit of juggling, and I think it works better here.
He turned around and tossed the book over his shoulder to the crowd of single men. He whirled around to find out who had caught it to see a very stunned Greg Lestrade holding it in his hands. He tried to push it off on someone else but no one else would take it.
If Mycroft was impressed at the way Greg could saddle a horse, watching him mount impressed him even more. Finest seat in all of France indeed.
Mycroft looked around him for the first time and noticed the band. He looked down at his horse in surprise that the animal didn't bolt at the sudden noise around them. His horse shook its head, clearly more annoyed than frightened by the band.
Bertie doubled over and Sherlock gently nudged him, causing him to fall to the ground. Mike and Sherlock helped John to his feet.
Mike's smile grew bigger. "Deal. Enjoy your date, Watson. And don't worry, I'm staying the night at Divya's." he added with a wink at Sherlock.
They would watch telly together, and sometimes John would let him put on a documentary or historical drama that John used to say bored him to tears.
But John was back at Baker Street with Sherlock. And Sherlock breathed in the very essence of John Watson as it began refill the empty spaces that had been hollowed out by John marrying Mary. Every day John was becoming more and more like himself and less of the shadow that he had been when he first came to 221B.
"And now I want that with you, only you would be with me instead of on the other side of the fence."
"It was nice meeting you and your mother, Mr Holmes," John said, reaching out to shake Sherlock's hand.
"He's only attacked you, you must have incurred his wrath somehow," Sarah replied, once she got herself under control.
John rubbed his temples. "It varies depending on when I get home, but at least one or two o'clock at night."
"Go on," John urged. And with one swift movement the detective had pushed down both John's jeans and pants to his knees. John stood up and removed them rest of the way. Sherlock looked up at him adoringly. John's heart ached with how exquisite that expression looked on his lover. He reached down and pulled Sherlock to his feet to kiss him passionately. While their lips were occupied, John got busy divesting his boyfriend of the rest of his clothes.
He excused himself and tried to catch up to the mystery man, but he had vanished into the throngs of people. John put his hands on his hips and dragged his tongue over his bottom lip.
John bit his lip. "Bisexual, if I had to put a label on it. Could be pan or whatever the kids are calling it these days. But, yeah. I've had both boyfriends and girlfriends."
"Look, I'll be at the Criterion Bar most nights, so if you guys got anything, come see me there," Greg told them, and they both nodded.
Just then the crowd parted to reveal John Watson, chatting with a pretty blonde who kept touching his arm, his shoulder, his face.
"You know, I don't think I've seen a single game in any of the places I've checked while I was looking for you," he pondered out loud. "Most people have at least a pack of cards out or something."
Sherlock nodded, "I am sorry, but being duped doesn't excuse the absolutely appalling behavior, so I will not be losing that tape, no matter how sorry I am."
He laid down on his bed and pulled out his phone, dialing the one number he had memorized. He smiled when Sherlock picked up after the second ring.
He was finally done with Christmas shopping, and what's best was the fact that Harry would be pleased.
"I came here because I knew it would ghost free," Sherlock murmured. "All the other spirits in the house decided that they wanted to come and thank me for getting rid of Milverton and Mary." Sherlock rubbed his temples.
Mary and David were tangled up in each other by the window. David held up her leg by the thigh, the other on her breast, Mary had her head thrown back in pleasure, her hands twisted in his hair.
John nodded, afraid to speak lest his voice crack. He didn't have the intention to be late again before he met his tutor. But now that he had, he would be early even if it killed him.
Greg's smile turned into a grin. "I called in my favor with my dad. He's apparently friends with the drummer."
"You would be making six figures," Irene explained, "head of your own department, creative and professional freedom, and most importantly, out from under your brother's thumb."
Mr Lyons looked at him dubiously, eyeing him with suspicion. "You want to know what? I can't handle this today. Go to the office."
Sherlock ran his other hand down his chest and over his abdomen to stop just above the band of his pants.
The fire was burning low and they were starting to feel drowsy enough for bed. The wind howled through the chimney and then there was a pounding at the back door.
"You can't use that in a court of law," Jim interrupted. "You have to inform us that you're recording in order for it to be admissible."
Bertie walked up to his car and leaned in close, "Good luck getting out, Mikey!" He gave an ironic salute and turned to go into the shop.
Sherlock scurried around the rooms, putting away the food and medicine, setting up the humidifier he had bought and placing it near John, and getting John's sleep clothes. He started the chicken noodle soup he had harassed his mother for and then knelt next to the doctor.
"You need us," Jim hissed. "I know the other printing houses won't touch you. I know Shercroft Publishing is on the verge of bankruptcy. You are one teensy-tiny cockup away from utter ruin. There will be no deal because you will be paying
Sherlock smiled wanly. "We can't all have handy old friends willing to introduce us to wild eccentrics."
"Come on through," John said. "Dinner is ready. I don't have a lot to choose from, but there are drinks on the counter."
The maitre d' lit up. "Oh, Mr Watson!" she crowed. "It's nothing to worry about. Some people will try anything to get a table here."
"There," Sherlock said, "that should deal with the troll." He kissed Mrs Hudson on the cheek. "Look, I have to go. But I'll let you know if I find anything out."
His eyes traveled from the building to the figure standing out in front of it. There were set people milling about and there was a cameraman standing in front of the house as well, but John couldn't see any of them. Because Sherlock Holmes was standing on the curb, waiting for him, waiting for John Watson.
John laughed. "I accidentally did that once with my service pistol. Had it on my hip when I went over to a girl's house. We were making out on her sofa and she found it. Totally went mental."
"You tore me apart, Mary," John said, taking a step back to avoid her grasp. "But you'll never fool me again. I know what love looks like now."
"The angle was all wrong. To have hit her head where her wound was she would have had to fallen from a height. Now, there is a gap between the top of the door and the ceiling..."
John looked around at the greyness that smothered London these days. Whatever snow they had gotten had either melted away or turned grey, if not out-and-out black.
At first John had thought Sherlock was Mrs Hudson's son, but that was put to bed one day when Sherlock had been running late because Mycroft wanted him to do something (John couldn't quite hear, he had been dealing with a customer at the time) for their parents' yearly memorial.
"Indeed," Mycroft purred, a smirk coloring his tone. "Though considering you said the meeting went badly, I wasn't expecting him to contact us at all. To say it came as a complete surprise would be an understatement."
Once John had smoothed things over with Mary, the next problem became getting her to sit still long enough to propose. If he didn't know any better, he'd say she was avoiding him.
John stumbled into the office and closed the door behind him. "But I thought your surname was Holmes..."
"Yes, I was enjoying myself for once and lost track of the time," he informed her as he moved around his desk to sit down in his chair.
"Did you see the difference?" Bertie asked. Before Sherlock could even open his mouth to lie, Bertie said, "Here let me show you again."
He threw his arms around the publicist, who chuckled and hugged him back. "I thought you weren't going to make it."
Oh dear! I almost forgot to post this. It's been a hell of a week. You see, my husband and I celebrated ten years of marriage on Thursday and nearly seventeen years of being a couple, so it was kinda a big deal.
“Cathy,” John said, sliding down the locker to sit on the floor. He looked up at Mike, completely miserable.
"You could come with us," Mycroft volunteered. Sherlock and Greg stared at him in shock. "I got a call from Mummy; she said to just go home. Apparently Her Majesty's favorite dog wet in Mummy's new slippers, and she's on her own way home."
"Good, because I have this fantastic chocolate cake and lovely champagne to go with it that I would hate to go to waste," John murmured.
They stood in each other's arms just reveling in their combined warmth. After a moment, Sherlock spoke.
"About time!" Greg hollered. "Do you know how many times I had to listen to these two moon over the other. Sheesh!"
"In case you thought of yourself as more the ruggedly handsome type," Mike admitted, "You're gorgeous."
John chuckled as the line connected. "Hey, yeah. I'd like two mango sticky rice, your beef pho, small..." He listed off their order and watched Sherlock get ready to go out, an adoring expression on the doctor's face. Yes, he was very happy with his life as it was. He didn't need the surgery, not when he had a consulting detective to make his life interesting.
Sherlock chuckled. "In another life, maybe," he joked. "Honestly, nothing's wrong. I went to lunch with John and lost track of the time."
John Watson was the one person in all the world that he could be himself with. They would go out to dinner or John would cook for them and either one meant that they would be talking long into the night. They would go for coffee or visit a park. Just being themselves.
As much of a speed reader Mycroft was, he still had five cases to go through. Well, six by the time they caught the bastard. That had infuriated the elder Holmes so badly that upon catching the murderer, Mycroft had actually hit him. Full on fist to the face, no less. Greg had been impressed. Especially when the suspect had cried police brutality.
Sherlock bit his lower lip and walked to the first book he had stopped at. He pulled it off the shelf and cradled it to his chest. He shuffled over to John and gingerly handed it over.
John helped Sherlock out of his jacket and then removed his own. They kicked off their shoes and then lay in front of the fire, drinking the wine and feeding each other the decadent cake.
"Well...I do know where my brother keeps the secret stash of goodies for when he gets depressed about his diet and needs to indulge," Sherlock murmured into his duvet fortress.
"Yes, you know my skill set, Sherlock. You are the best at mass connections in a small amount of data, I am the best at finding details in a mass of information. Imagine what I could do with the stock market if I wasn't a government man."
What John didn't love, however, were those first twenty minutes after opening when "Sherlock Darling" came in to chat with shop owner Mrs Hudson. Well that, and the pitying glances at his cane.
Mike nodded, "We were watching the latest superhero movie, because I hadn't seen it yet. But we had run out of snacks about halfway through, and John offered to see if the local 24-hour had anything." He turned to John, "They have anything good?"
"Not as awful as not having anyone around to help you and having to walk back to the house in the pouring rain to explain to your mother that you broke your arm doing something you shouldn't have been doing at a time you should have been safe in the house napping," Sherlock muttered bitterly.
And just like that, the psychopath was gone and a charmer stood in his place. "Well aren't you just as pretty as a picture," Brook cooed, "The telly just doesn't do you any justice."
Sherlock let out a barely concealed snarl and barked, "Fine. But you owe me big time for this. I don't deal with clients, that's
"Completely destroyed," Sherlock explained. "Sometimes a book's cover will be ripped off and it would be counted as a loss to the publisher. Then they don't receive any money from it. Pulping is out and out reducing the book to pulp to be made into other books. Pulping is rare."
Mycroft's eyebrows furrowed. "You are part of this company, it is the least you can do while I deal with one of our most
John could hear the assassin bride screeching in agony and then nothing. He looked up when Sherlock touched his shoulder.
"I wanted more than a ring for this. More than a piece of jewelry, I wanted something more meaningful." He handed Sherlock the envelope and said, "Sherlock Holmes, will you do me the honor growing old with me? To spend the rest of our days together, either here or at Baker Street. Say you'll bind yourself to me in the most significant way possible. William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you marry me?"
"You got other friends, right? Like the boys at the Met and your fellow doctors and nurses, you see them outside work, yeah?"
"Hey, John?" Mike called out. John forced his head to look up at his friend. "You still have that surprise I had you hold on to for me. The one for Divya?"
He dialed another number, "Hey, you got a date to prom?" He smiled when he heard the squealing of joy on the other line. "Can you be ready in twenty minutes? Good. I'll see you then."
"What?!" John cried. "No, no, no. I can't be here that long. I'd go mad, kill Sherlock Holmes and then myself."
John nodded and let Sherlock lead him out of the restaurant onto the pavement. He was further led to a concrete planter and was plopped down.
He had been told that this meeting was going to be rough. By Mike, by Mrs Hudson, by things he'd read online. And he let his temper get the better of him. But before he could wallow in his misery, Sherlock came back.
John took a step back. "What the hell do you care for, Seb? This is rugby, mate. Most of us are gay, bi, pan or whatever. And it's not like I haven't had male lovers in the past, what's got your knickers in twist over this one?"
When John woke up after the surgery, the doctor who finished what the stranger had started was standing by his bed. Clayton Marrow was a large bear of a man and a buddy of John's.
John and Sherlock were curled up on the sofa in their new digs on Baker Street about a month after the incident at Appledore. Mrs Hudson was happy to have them, she even gave them a deal on the rent after the favor Sherlock had done for her with the whole Moriarty affair.
"Hey," Bertie said, "Most of us are heading to Culverton's for the after party. You two coming?" He jutted out his chin to emphasize his point.
Mike rounded the corner and was greeted by a waiting John, who had one of the fliers clutched in his fists.
"Stay here," Greg piped up. "I could take you to work with me; after all, we'd be going to the same place."
"A bit soon for that, we just got together," John replied. He carded his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "We're in no rush."
He walked out onto the pavement and looked up at the snow that was beginning to fall. It was a good day. He had secured Shercroft Publishing's future and maybe Moran & Moriarty's as well. Provided, of course, Sebastian takes over as CEO and Jim is left
Once sufficiently defrosted, the travelers were revealed to be a brunet, an auburn-haired fellow, a blond, and silver-haired man. The blond seemed to be keeping his back to the group of friends.
Sherlock smiled, warmed by the notion that John expected them to still be together after a year. "Apparently the owner heard what happened and had left a standing reservation for us. So, when I called Barbara asking when would be the earliest time they could get us a table, I was as shocked as you were by the response."
John looked up at the clock, took a deep breath and marched into the reading room. Sherlock looked up from his book and gave John a curious glance and tilt of his head.
Of the original group it was down to Sherlock and John, and Molly. And Molly knew her time was coming to an end.
"Now run along. And take this to heart: pushing yourself on someone who isn't interested is disgusting no matter the gender of the one doing the pushing."
Halfway through the shindig, John called for everyone's attention. He took Sherlock's hand in his and smiled up at the detective.
Thanks again to my awesome beta, Old Ping Hai. She really tried to help in cutting this chapter down to fit the previous chapters length. But I was way too choosey. But I hope you all enjoy!
"Me, Gwyn, and Clara make the dresses," Tegan said, indicating the girl who had spoken, "while Rory and Caitlyn are designer/shopkeeps."
He first tried talking about the car he wanted to buy, but as it was a sensible car and not something fancy like Jaguar or Astin Martin, the girl merely rolled her eyes and walked away.
“But are you really breaking up with her for that reason?” Mike asked. He elbowed his friend in the ribs. “There are other things that bother you about Cathy; call this bloke, this dancer, the final straw.”
They walked out to where the wedding party was milling around, waiting for the grooms to arrive. Standing up for Sherlock were Mycroft and Wiggins. Mycroft wore the most sour expression having to stand next to the drug-addicted chemist. They were both in tuxedos with waistcoats that matched Molly's dress.
"Speak of the devil," John said with a laugh. "Hello, love. You know where I am, you berk. I'm getting your present. Oh I don't know, how about you decorate the flat? If you're good, I'll bring home some real holly and mistletoe for you to experiment with once the people have gone. See? Now was that so hard? Of course it was. Love you, too." He hung up the phone. Mary and David were staring at John like he'd gone around the bend.
"Why does your brother have it instead of you?" John asked, coming back to sit down. He settled into the chair and arranged his cane and bag.
Sherlock gulped. "That..that won't be enough. We are several months behind on all our bills, with everything we could scrape up going to rent or food."
He stuck his hands in his pockets and soldiered on, braving the crowds for one last gift. With it being this late in the season, normally he would say to hell with it and just get them a card. But this was Harry, the only family he had left. Their dad had died when he was young. Their mum died right after he had been shipped out for his second tour of duty. She had been putting off going to the doctor for months and wouldn't even let John examine her. But he had gotten her to promise to just before he left.
"More like stealing from my plate or falling asleep on my lap," John groused. It was a pale argument, more like a token protest.
John rubbed the back of his neck. "Look, Greg. You embarrassed the bloke. So sacrifice your ego on the altar of love and even the score."
Sherlock smiled and immediately took the queen. "Are you at all familiar with the Hilda Brandt spy novels?"
Sherlock flopped in a nearby chair and looked at John, sizing him up. "You didn't make fun of my fear of thunder, so I guess I can trust you with this..."
John definitely preferred his mornings to his evenings. While Mary was flirtatious and coy, James was quiet and refined. They would talk about their time in the army and their mutual acquaintances. They had never met when they both were in the military, but they knew some of the same people, albeit at different times.
“No, god no!” John moaned. He banged his head against the locker door in frustration. “She’s fine. Doing really good, actually.”
John turned his head and saw that the young soldier had begun working on the wound in his shoulder and slowly, the feeling of impending death drifted further from his reach.
John enjoyed the trip, making sure to eat more than he drank. The last thing he needed was to show up drunk and completely blow this chance at becoming a published author.
John raised an eyebrow and then looked carefully between the two. Now having Sherlock in front of him, he could see the similarities in the profile and bearing.
John got on the train like he usually did, his rucksack slung over one shoulder, but strangely couldn't find his seat. He finally gave up and asked an attendant. The attendant led him to the first class cabin that he had all to himself. The attendant then told him that all food and drinks were included, to be charged to the tab of the mysterious Mr M Holmes.
He turned the oven down a bit and then pulled on his winter gear to brave the snow. John dashed to the only all-night grocery nearby. He scoured the shelves and finally found one can tucked away behind some green beans.
"You do realize there is a party in your honor out there, right?" John asked, leaning against the door, hands tucked behind his back.
“One that everyone says is only with me because I’m famous,” John said. He lifted his head. “Including you, I might add.”
John stood up and put his hand on Sherlock's cheek. "I won't deny that it played a factor in making my decision. After all, that was what prompted Greg to remind me of the fact that I didn't need the job and it was only making us
"Shite," Greg muttered. He stood up and opened the door to his office. "Archie, could you get Mr Holmes a bottle of water, please?"
Sherlock turned around to face the chubby doctor. "My whole life has changed, and I just want to thank him."
Sherlock smiled up at him. "Good." He chewed on his lip for a minute before he blurted, "Iwantyoutomoveinwithme!"
He dashed to the tree and began rummaging around the presents he'd been given to look for Sherlock's gift.
When she pulled back, she was practically vibrating. "Oh, god, John. The book was so good. I bought three copies. One to read, one for you to sign so I can have a collectors item for when you're famous and a third one to lend out to friends."
He looked to see Molly jumping into the arms of Mike Stamford. Standing next to the very happy couple was an amused John Watson.
John laughed. He pointed to the coffee machine that was filled to the brim with Mycroft's best dark roast.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "There are no such thing as ghosts, therefore there are no such things as mediums."
"Which is a good thing," Mike said with a wink. "You can trust me to be a gentleman, unlike these fatheads."
It was John's turn to scoff. "You do realize that sometimes cots were a luxury item in the army and sleeping on the ground was pretty much a given, don't you? And trust me, a level floor with lots of blankets and pillows is going to feel like a dream."
"Handsome, hmmm?" John teased. "Well that is a step up. Before you left for Ireland, I was only good-looking, now I'm handsome."
"There are a lot of people who would like to talk to the man of the hour, so if you could spare him for a few moments, Sherlock, I'd like to take him off your hands," Greg huffed, hands on his hips.
They opened presents and had a good laugh over the gifts and their givers. David didn't have any to open as he has been a surprise, but he sat there like a cat in the cream, like he'd already gotten the Christmas present he wanted.
John nodded. Perhaps it was time he told someone. He'd been hiding this for so long that it would be nice to lighten the load for once.
And then she proceeded to tell everyone who came in that John was going to be a published author. He didn't mind her telling customers, especially regulars, but boy did he mind when she told Sherlock Darling.
"Look, you need to do better at the cash box because in two weeks, you're going to be entirely by yourself and I won't be here to bail you out," John pointed out.
And that wasn't last time that they had similar conversations, all of them ending in Sherlock walking off frustrated.
"I was thinking two guys and a girl," John interrupted. "The two guys are polar opposites. One is a believer in the paranormal, the other a staunch scientist. The girl acts like mediator and is practical and open-minded. I was thinking maybe a former cop or something."
I can't blame all of it on depression though, some of it was losing my notes on the chapter and trying to find them again.
Sherlock strolled into his room and hastily got dressed. He threw on his coat and gathered up his wallet, mobile phone, and keys. He was out the door before he could change his mind. This was the solution. He just had to have the guts to do it.
"Neither do most of us," Janine admitted. "We just come to see buff men run around in tight kits, hitting each other."
The detective spread his hands on his lover's hips and panted into John's stomach, trying to catch his breath. Even though they had done this several times, for Sherlock each time felt as heady as the first.
John cursed and dived backwards behind a door leading to another room just as she fired. Wood splintered all around him as the bullets struck his hiding place somewhere above his head.
"So all this was just to get Sherlock and John together?" Mycroft choked out. "You didn't care about me at all, did you?"
John typed back a brief apology and went to make sure that his and Mary's skis were securely strapped to the top of his car. He walked out, and Mary was by the car, squealing in excitement.
Mycroft laid his head on his horse's nose and sighed again. He knew he could have seriously hurt Greg by aiming that polo ball at his head. But Mycroft had been so angry that Greg had had the audacity to come watch him practice after what he did, so Mycroft acted out of pure instinct and rage.
"Nice car, a bit beaten up but still a great car," Greg replied after taking a long drag of his cigarette.
"I think you mean get groped by some twat in an off-the-rack suit, listening to some school-sponsored DJ, who by definition, blows?"
John pulled out a piece of paper and handed it to him, "These are his favorite bands, he likes Thai food, political prose, and angry music of the Indie punk persuasion."
Suddenly Sherlock's confidence fled. How could he approach this beautiful boy after hurting him so much? But he didn't know anyone else here and he needed to get home. He was about to turn and flee when John spotted him.
Sherlock was leaning against the bonnet of a police car as Brook struggled with two uniformed officers. Off to the side stood a grizzled detective inspector. Sherlock had taken the car back to Baker Street, where he knew the con man would have run to first.
All right, John agreed silently, that was childish. "Maybe a bit childish, then." Sherlock wrenched his face away from John's hands, but the good doctor merely cupped his fingers around his friend's chin and pulled him back to look at him. "But I have been gone. Far, far too often lately and I didn't think about what that might do to you, and I'm sorry."
Mycroft eyed him warily but elected to leave it alone, Anthea was happy and that was all that really mattered.
"Let me be the judge of that," John said. They ordered their food and Sherlock talked about what he did.
He stepped into the shower and bathed quickly, mindful of the woman on the other side of the shower curtain.
Sherlock walked out of Bart's to the street feeling even better than when he went in. He called John.
Mycroft grinned up at his mother, "Oh you know, just a drug den orgy. With lots of drugs and sex. Lots!"
"Sherlock can date‒" she began, but was cut off by Sherlock's cheerful giggling and Mycroft's outraged objections. "I'm not finished!"
"That has got to be the most accurate first kiss I've ever read," John explained. "It reminded me of my first kiss with a boy and that was incredible."
Anthea tried on the dress and it only needed a couple of quick tweaks. She could pick up the dress tomorrow and it would be ready for her.
"I want you home by ten, your mother has an appointment with her specialist at eleven. And then you are going to do your chores and homework. And then we'll talk about further punishment."
He was tall, his long legs clad in the tightest leather trousers John had ever seen. The trousers laced up the side with red silk ribbon, leaving a stripe of exposed flesh. He was wearing high-heeled, suede, knee-high boots. John's eyes trailed up this creature's body, noting the sheer, mesh, black shirt and the pierced nipples. He continued his gaze up the long column of his neck to the Cupid bow lips, the bottom one sporting two ring piecings on both sides. His eyes were impossible to describe as he couldn't decide if they were grey, green, blue or a combination thereof. He had a bar piercing on his left eyebrow, and on the left side of his head, his dark curls were completely shaved. Etched into the hair was the molecular structure of honey.
Sherlock jumped and whirled around. When John could see his face, he looked like a kid that had been caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
"There's this kid that got stranded by his friends, would it be all right if we meet back up at your place?" John asked.
"So who wants to drive with the lovebirds?" Greg asked with a grin, looking suggestively at John and Sherlock. The latter of whom blushed.
"I have video of him slapping his landlady," Sherlock explained. The look on Gregson's face turned deadly. "Also I have a recording of him admitting to stalking me. So you may want to check his laptop and other devices for further evidence of either. I also have no doubt the landlady will testify."
Sherlock shuddered, and a warm silence settled on them as the scenery slipped by. Sherlock looked over at John, and his grumpy expression slowly melted away.
Sherlock leaned back, startled. "But you're a rugby star, what would you need with a medical degree?"
Sherlock stood at the top of the landing in his new home watching John, Bill, Mike, and a couple more of the rugby lads bring in box after box, directing them to various parts of the house.
The following morning Sherlock spent hours dealing with the printer; once he was done he buried his head in his hands.
"It means, Irene," Sherlock said, leaning on his elbows, forearms stretched out in front of him, "that I went out to lunch with a friend and had such a good time that I lost track of time."
"I don't need it. I have plenty of money and I can still see my friends from there on pub nights." John put his hand on his chin and crossed his legs at the ankle.
John rubbed his chin. "Except he's not just some kid anymore. He's a well-thought-of publicist with experience in the business and in life. It could be the hit it always should have been."
Anthea nodded and quickly got in on the passenger side. Mycroft yanked open the driver side door and Greg had to leap out of the way to avoid getting hit. Mycroft slid into the driver's seat and turned on the engine.
"Look, this is the event of the season; the Albus M Worthington Foundation, helping to bring literacy back into sports. No one in their right mind would miss this, not if they still wanted endorsements afterwards. Besides, Dale told me he was coming," Victor nudged his friend with his elbow. "You aren't the only one in the company to have a sporty boyfriend, you know."
Sherlock's lip curled in disdain. "My brother puts out only the best for potential clients. It's to butter them, you see. Make them more susceptible to suggestion and less likely to pitch a fit when told that their 'baby' needs a lot of work before being fit to be published."
