Tony whipped around. Over the sound system, Peggy invited Steve to go dancing.
Steve wasn’t a good liar, and he’d been so nervous the day before about being caught, but it had been too late. So he had arranged the best bouquet he could, told Tony ‘Carnations symbolise the self, and peonies symbolise the recipient. Lily of the valley is knowledge, and gladioli can indicate a lack. And you put them clockwise to give the order of the sentence.’
Tony couldn't resist the urge to touch him any longer, but he kept it casual, with a hearty pat on the back. 'First day of the rest of your life,' he said, as lightly as he could. 'Welcome to the outside of the closet.'
. It was okay, though. He quite liked it where he was.
'But it's our anniversary dinner, you had to wait so long to even get that reservation and –'
'It's alright, Steve's just having a little nap. I'm going to take care of you for a bit, okay?'
'Looking good,' Steve had said, because of course he had, because about things like that, at least, he was
The place was undoubtedly a dive, lit by neon tubes and exposed light bulbs. Everyone at the sticky tables seemed to either be there alone, glaring at anyone who came near, or in twos and threes piled in each other's laps, drunkly making out. It was not the sort of place one would expect to find a billionaire, but Steve's Google Alert had told him Tony Stark had been sighted here, so Steve had to at least check it out. He was not invited to the same sort of clubs, parties and restaurants that Tony Stark was, and waiting outside them had got him nothing but the odd punch from a bouncer or bodyguard. But this bar was the sort of place that would let anyone in and not tell anyone you had been there, and so Steve had left Peter dozing off over a colouring book at the hospital and rushed over. It was three in the afternoon.
They had told him Mary was pregnant soon after he had moved in. They had been so happy, and Steve had too; it was something to look forward to, something to hope for. Richard and Mary had been so happy, and so hopeful, that when Mary went into labour at 27 weeks they refused to believe that's what it was. Steve had seen it before, too many times. His mom had been the only nurse on their block, and whenever the women in the surrounding buildings felt the pains, they had come to her. Steve had been sent running, either for the midwife or for Bucky, if they needed the midwife faster than his asthmatic shamble of a body could make it. He'd fetch towels and hot water. And too often, he had been outside the door when it was over, and the only sound was the mother crying, not the baby.
Somehow, then, that was when Steve knew Peter really was
. He couldn’t remember which was supposed to be which just then, but he would have to cross that bridge when he came to it. He looked round at the selection of cut flowers, trying to put a bouquet together in his head, before working backwards to assign them meanings. At least if he was going to lie, he would make sure Tony’s mom got a beautiful bouquet out of it. He swallowed nervously and started gathering flowers. ‘Peonies and carnations, obviously.’
“Yes.” Steve says, exasperated. “We thought you knew. We thought you were getting the message.”
“I didn’t want to scare you off.” Steve says, sad. “I’m sorry I assumed.”
Now he’s a little embarrassed, “I just wanted to see you.”
“You had us worried.” Bucky adds.
“Told you.” Bucky says to Steve.
People say the damndest things in the lead-up. Little bits here and there about their father or mother’s business or off-hand statements about mergers that were in the works. He was constantly being underestimated and he didn’t care one bit. It just meant more information.
Tony hugs him back just as fiercely, “What happened? I don’t understand why you exploded like that. Why were you scared?”
As if he’s sensing Tony’s downward spiral a video call from Steve pops up on his screen and Tony practically drops his phone trying to answer it.  He swipes his thumb then waves his hand over the screen to transfer the video to another, larger interface.
“Well,” Tony swallows, “I love Steve.”
“Playing the victim?” Tony laughs.
“We have to save people,” Tony interjects, “that’s our job.”
“Any plans I had were shot a couple of weeks ago.” Tony says, turning in his rolling chair back and forth.
Steve tried to reason with himself’ firstly that it was wrong. Howard was a good man and they’d been friends. Steve was both older than Tony and younger and he couldn’t decide which was worse. On top of it all: Steve was scared. Tony was an amazing person who had, in the time Steve was in the ice, managed to take over Howard’s company, turn it away from arms dealing, and build it into something good. Tony was such a great, compassionate person and Steve wasn’t sure he deserved something like that.
“Yeah, it’s coming together now.” She purses her lips and then clicks her tongue, “They’ve missed you. It’s like having two kicked puppies around. Very sad.”
Girls and men alike slept with him to say that they had. He got a good time and they got bragging rights.
Steve deflates and takes a step forward, “Ok, Tony. No fighting.”
Steve wraps his arms around Tony and brings him tightly to his chest. He exhales a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding and kisses the top of Tony’s head. It feels so good to have Tony in his arms again.
Tony pursed his lips in thought, looking down at Steve's chest and running his hands over the planes of his body. "Well...I wouldn't say we go
"Over here!"
Tony opened his mouth to speak, but he couldn't think anything to say. To him, it had honestly just been a hook up... But what about to Steve? "Well, no, Steve, it was just a hook up. I mean, I was pretty drunk last night, you and I both know that." The brunet explained, moving with Steve as he sat up, straddling his hips and trying to get them to meet eyes.
"Yeah, Stark?"
Steve sighed and looked up at Tony, brown eyes full of gentleness. "Hey, would you mind if we talk later? Ashley is probably wondering where I am." Steve said, glancing over his shoulder. Tony nodded, and removed his hand from Steve's shoulder. "Yeah, same for Pepper. I'll talk to you later Cap." he muttered, and gave Steve a small wave.
"Yeah." The blond muttered, before looking back up at Tony, smiling lightly. "So, we'll keep this a secret? Act like it never happened?"
The brunette moaned as Steve began to pump his finger, adding another a moment after. "Oh God Steve," he whispered, short of breath, and sweat begging to run down his forehead. He needed to feel him, needed to have him inside of him. Steve gave his fingers a quick crook of his fingers before removing them, and replacing them with his cock, grunting as he entered the brunette. They shared a breath of complete ecstasy, and the soldier began to pump his hips, trying to get as deep into the other man as possible. Tony bent back his legs, begging for Steve to go harder, and he grabbed onto his hips as he did, moaning out Tony's name, breathing heavy. "I've missed you so much," the soldier whispered, moving his hand to the brunette's front, and taking him into his hand, pumping his length, moving with the motion of his hips, tightening and loosening his hand, listening to Tony moaning beneath him.
(Major Character Death)
“Tony, maybe we need to end this.” Steve choked out, a lump rising in his throat.
Tony felt his head jolt forward from the force of being pushed against a wall. "What the hell are you doing Stark? You can't be seriously doing this!" Natasha's voice was a harsh whisper, and her face was twisted with anger. "What the hell are you talking about? Doing what?" Tony asked, rubbing the back of his head. "Dammit Romanoff, I think you bruised me."
He pulled the man back up, laughing. "Thanks," Steve said, smiling. They let go of one another's hand, and Tony got up to order them some drinks from the bar. The soldier sighed, leaning back a bit. He licked his lips, suddenly nervous.
“Damn guys! That was awesome!” Clint exclaimed as the two reached him and Natasha. They nodded thanks, still trying to catch their breath. “Let me buy you two a drink, on the house.” Clint offered, and headed in the direction of the bar. When he was out of ear shot, Natasha shoved both of the men hard. “Are you nuts? What the hell was that?” she growled, lowering her voice.  “Oh come on Natasha, it was a simple dance. It was all for show.” Steve said, shrugging as if it was no big deal.
“Merry Christmas Cap!” Tony said as he welcomed the super soldier into his home. The Malibu house had been decorated in the most beautiful way. “Pepper?” Steve asked as he waltzed in, gifts in hand. “Who else?” Tony chuckled, and patted his lover on the back. It was the best they could do considering all the guests. “Well, she did a lovely job.” Steve muttered as they walked into the living room. “Why thank you Steve. It’s nice to know
"Since we're in the twenty-first century." Tony laughed as Steve's face scrunched in confusion. "I've heard plenty of people call it soda." he muttered as he popped the tab, and took a sip of the cream soda. His favorite. "Maybe back in the forties," Tony grumbled as he stole the can from Steve's hand and took some for himself. "Why does it matter if I call it pop or soda?" Steve sighed, growing tired of the argument. "Just curious. Geeze, don't get so defensive." the brunette muttered as he handed Steve back his drink. "I grew up calling it soda. I never saw a reason to call it anything different now." he admitted quietly, taking another sip.
“When? I want to be there when the truth comes out.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Goodbye, Mr. Stark."
"No! I'm not hiding anything from you!"
to a moderate volume, but still loud enough to pass to the next room. It was a wonder that he never got complaints from the other neighbors.
Steve was left standing in the middle of the room, alone. He eyed the Christmas tree one more time, before heading towards the bathroom. He locked the door behind him, splashing some cool water on his face. “Relax Steve; you can make it through a simple dinner. Just,” He paused, thinking he heard footsteps.  “Just fake it.” He turned off the water, and dried his face with a towel.  He came out of the bathroom, and the smell of a Christmas ham wafted over to him.
Tony snapped out of his daydream to see he was now alone in the kitchen, and his slices of toast had been put out. He decided not to question it, and simply pulled out the butter from the refrigerator. It's going to be a long day. Tony thought, and made his way out to the balcony, leaving the bright sun to melt the butter on the counter.
"What are you drawing Capsicle?"
Tony snorted. "Come on up and get me bird man!" he taunted, and proceeded to make chicken noises, while still perched on the edge of the building. He looked down, and his cool composure faded. He gulped, but still remained where he was. "I'll get him down." Clint growled, and went inside to retrieve his arrows. "Tony will you come down before Barton shoots you?" Steve called once more, worrying for Tony's safety. "I'm not coming down till I'm good and ready-!" The brunette let out a yelp as his feet slipped from under him, and he began to fall.
Tony tinkered with the large object in front of him, pulling up the designs on the screen next to him. "Dammit, why can't I get this right?" he groaned in anger, looking over the plans again and again. "If I may add some input sir?" Jarvis asked quietly, and moving images on the screen. Tony studied the changes thoroughly, and smiled. "Nice work Jarvis." The man added the adjustments, and smiled at his project. It was a present for Steve, just a little something to remind him of the good days.
"Alright, we're home, you can put me down now!" Tony complained. His hips were starting to hurt, as Steve had actually carried him all the way home. Even if it had only been a few blocks, that didn't mean it didn't hurt like hell when the blond decided to take the stairs. But he couldn't totally complain. The ride home had given him a nice view.
"So stop hiding it!"
"Stark! Slow the hell down! You're going to kill us!" Bruce braced himself, fear rising, and the Hulk beginning to rear his ugly head. Tony slammed down on the brakes. The car screeched to a halt, and Bruce could see heads turning to see the almost accident. The scientist ran a hand through his hair, taking deep breaths as he calmed down before turning to his friend.
"Was it good?" Tony asked, not completely sure as to why he did.
Steve stood over him, a smile on his face. "You done yet?" Tony asked, an amused look on his handsome face. "Yup." Steve stuck out his hand to help up Tony, who accepted it gratefully. "Hey, what do you say we go out for some coffee? My treat." The blond offered, and the other man simply nodded. It was the best he could manage. Steve patted him on the back, and Tony winced in pain, but tried not to let it show.
Steve sighed, and went to pack his things. He knew his flight would be leaving soon; he had planned a cross country trip, planning on seeing the sights, figuring out what he wanted to do with his life. But, a bit of him already had it planned out. He just needed the rest of him to figure it out.
! He wished he could say he wasn't, but he didn't like to lie. He relaxed in his arm chair, picking up his favorite book,
"Sure, fire away." Tony said, trying to ignore the twisted knot in his stomach. "Why did you come today?" The blond asked, locking eyes with Tony. "Because Pepper told me if I didn't go out to lunch with you I wouldn't be eating at all today." The brunette lied. "What about you? Why are you here?"
"You're not breaking up with me again! I won't let you!" The brunette said, voice hard.
He stared quietly, unsure of what to do. But he didn't have to do anything, as the previews began, and the theatre was filled with sound. Ashley pulled back, and the two sat silent for the rest of the film, Ashley out of embarrassment, and Steve out of confusion. What had stopped him from kissing her? It was almost as if he knew he would have felt guilty about it later. Tony suddenly worked his way into his mind, and Steve felt his heartbeat quicken.
"I never wanted to be the leader! I never asked for any of this! I never asked to be responsible for everyone, to make sure everyone would get home safe and sound because I knew it wouldn't have happened! I knew that I wouldn't have been able to protect everyone!" Steve felt his voice breaking; he was saying too much.
"Even when his reputation is in danger the man is still a gentleman." Christine noticed, walking in. "It's not my reputation I'm worried about." Steve muttered, and the woman saw her opening. "So you're not worried about everyone knowing that the great Captain America is gay?" She lowered her voice as they sat at a table.
"How could you do this?" Pepper asked, venom in her broken voice. "I gave you everything you asked for, I was there for you, and you cheat on me?" Tony put his face in his hands, sitting down on the couch. "I know, I made a mistake, I should have told you, I should have broken up with you, but... I don't know why I didn't." he muttered. "Please, you have to tell me why." She didn't care that it was Steve; actually, she was a bit relieved that it had been Steve, better him than someone else. "I don't know Pepper, it's just, ever since New York, Steve and I have gotten close," The strawberry blond snorted. "I can see that." she muttered beneath her breath.
"Alright, love you Tony!"
far."
"Exactly. We know nothing about each other, let's face it, I just fell in love with a pretty face. I don't want that Tony, I want more than that..."
Tony took his free hand and turned Steve's head towards him. "Listen. You know me well enough to know that whatever the hell you say, isn't going to change anything." The brunette stared into Steve's beautiful blue eyes that seemed so much darker now. He wanted to know what he was thinking, why he was acting this way. And Tony could only hope it was the same reason that he wanted it to be.
"Hmph, well, you're right about one thing- this dress IS beautiful."
"Hey, we still have to go out and find you a woman tonight don't we?" Tony smiled, only to cover up the fact that he knew the night would have to have ended soon enough. A smile fell away from Steve's face as he realized what Tony was hinting at. "Oh, right. Well, are you still feeling up for it? I don't want to keep you up late." Steve mumbled, gulping down the last few drops of his drink.
Steve was caught off guard.
Tony tried to stop his leg from shaking, he was nervous. Pepper had completely sprung this on him, not telling him until she had him sit down that she wouldn't be joining him, but instead Steve would.
"What about her? She looks like a good looking woman." Tony nodded his head in the direction of a young red head, wearing a mini skirt and fishnet leggings. They had gone to a small bar, one a little out of the way than what they were used to. The Silver Celtics was more of a man's space than a place to pick up women, which is what brought them here. And needless to say, the selection was pretty slim; Steve gave the other man a serious look. "I want a woman, not a prostitute!" The soldier muttered under his breath, not impressed. "You know Stark, why don't we just leave? I don't think I'm-" he began, but he stopped short when a familiar face took the seat next to him.
"Put on the suit, and meet me back at Stark Towers. Let's just see how tough you are without walls to separate us." Steve growled, and he slammed the door behind him, leaving an equally pissed Tony on the floor. "Alright, he wants a fight? I'll give him a fight." The man growled as he rubbed his jaw, glaring after the blond.
Steve pushed Tony down onto the bed, sliding his hands beneath his shirt, reacquainting himself with the brunette’s fit body. He kissed him slowly as he lifted the shirt above the smaller man's head, breaking the kiss only to fully remove the clothing. He quickly reunited their lips, moaning a bit as Tony undid the blond's pants, sliding his hands past his boxers, running his hands over his perfect ass, pulling his hips down into his own. The two ground their hips together as Steve took off his shirt, allowing the other man to marvel at the body he had been dreaming of every night since they had broken up.
Nat shrugs and puts her hand to her chin, considering, “Bucky is probably more open to that stuff than Steve but I wouldn’t put Steve out of the running, either. Ooh,” she claps once, “this is exciting. So, what’s your plan?”
"So do you want to tell me what's wrong, or do I have to kiss it out of you?" Tony asked, placing a gentle hand on Steve's shoulder. The super soldier didn't laugh. His face set into a hard expression; he wasn't in the mood for Tony's jokes. "Come on, you know you can tell me anything, I won't be upset, I'm here to listen." Tony said quietly, shifting closer so that he could hug the larger man's waist. Steve wrapped an arm around Tony. "It's, just personal stuff. Nothing to do with you," Steve muttered, and Tony looked up at him. "Then what does it have to do with?" he asked, wiping a tear off his lover's face.
Steve shook his head and pushed the thought aside.
"How did you get-"
"I'm a fast healer." Steve said, and tossed Tony onto the bed, causing the springs to squeak slightly.
"I-uh-I-" he stuttered, not sure what to say. "What am I saying? God, sorry Tony, we can just go eat, ignore me." Steve said, waving his hand and ears turning red. "Besides, I'm starving, I didn't eat breakfast so," He smiled softly, and began walking towards the table.
Everything was perfect.
Merry early Christmas to all of my wonderful readers! I hope this chapter was worth the wait. I promise, I'll try not to drag it out so long next time...Maybe.
Tony wiped away a tear. "I'm sorry I made you think that I wanted to get rid of you. I'm sorry for all the times we fought. At least one good thing comes out of this. I got to hear the first time you say your dad." Peter closed his eyes, and clenched his fists. You're the worst father ever, I hate you. He wished he could take it back. But it was too late now. The last words he ever said to his father were the ones he never thought he would say. "I'm sorry Dad.." He whispered, even though he knew Tony couldn't hear him. "I love you Peter, and I don't want you to think for a split second that I don't." Tony says, and Peter looks up. "I love you to Dad," he mutters, and the video goes black. He slowly gets up, turns off the equipment, and goes downstairs to Steve's bedroom.
Tony scoffs, “That’s not what it sounded like.”
Steve’s surprised, “I’m being hit on?”
Then, one night, Natasha manages to materialize next to him in his home workshop and he swears that the arc reactor may have stuttered.
She answers, with a smile in her voice almost as if she’s happy to be home too, “Full house, sir. Everyone has just gathered for food.”
which face is the real deal.
“What’s a surprise is how long it took you to get here.” Nat snarks at him but gives him a soft look and a small smile.
“I’m sorry.”
“What’d you want me to video chat with you for?”
“Yeah-huh.”
Jarvis, who had originally refused to speak with Steve at all, was now willing to at least tell Steve that Tony was eating and sleeping. Steve even took to preparing some of Tony’s favorite meals and handing them off to Tony’s PA.
“High society is a tricky place, Steve. It’s dangerous for people to be out, sometimes.”
“I guess.” Bucky says, slow. “I just think that something might be going on, though.”
deserve better.”
But Steve was wholly different. Tony hadn’t once flinched from Steve in fear and the nature of their relationship was one built on a foundation of trust and communication. Tony swears that it’s the strongest relationship he’s ever had. And yes, that includes Pepper. Because no matter how amazing she is, and regardless of how much he still loves her, their relationship had always held a certain amount of tension. She couldn’t handle his side job.
“Nothing's wrong.” He says, stiff.
Tony huffs and folds in on himself a bit, “It’s not a big deal, Bucky.”
Steve was Captain America after all and on top of that he was also a great asset for SHIELD. Missions would take him all over the world and while Tony was used to that life he wasn’t used to being the one left at home. He supposes this must be how Pepper felt when Tony would go off somewhere for weeks at a time.
“And you’re still reckless.”
Steve understands the feeling, “Why?”
care. I just only care about what people close to me think.”
But, ever the alarmist, Tony made it a point to rein it in and only love people whose chances of betraying him were small. Pepper, Happy, Jarvis, Rhodey, Obie. But then Obie had ripped his heart out and he was left with four loves left – not counting drinking or smoking – and several hundred percent more cautious.
Tony looks at her, surprised, “What’d he say?”
“Ok, ok.” Tony smiles, sniffing and burying his face into Bucky’s neck. “Message received.”
Well, you know what? That was neither here nor there. Point is that it was emotionless. The only person he had ever had an actual, loving relationship with
(See the end of the chapter for
“You know, I didn’t get all uppity when you were getting hit on.”
“Does it come as a surprise that I care about you?”
,” Tony spits, “I felt like nothing I ever did would be good enough.”
“It’s been weeks, Rogers.” Tony looks close to tears. “Weeks. You decided that you were the only one who deserved to know?”
Tony laughs, “You’re still an ass.”
“He didn’t mean that.” Bucky tries to save. “Stupid punk just says the first thing going through his head.”
“Why bother?” Steve asks, legitimately curious, “They look like they love on another.”
He was still locked out.
“Sorry doesn’t really cut, Steve.” Tony shrugs and rises from the sofa.
“You know, I don’t hate this functions as much as people think.” Whether he knows it or not, Tony’s leaning back into Steve’s hand now. “You can tell a lot about people when it comes to things like this.”
Natasha calls them ‘micro expressions’ and assures him that most people have a hard time parsing them anyway but it doesn’t exactly make him feel any better. Especially when she waggles her eyebrows and says that she’s sure Tony isn’t good at reading faces either. Steve can’t blame himself too terribly much that she’s figured out that he’s got it bad for Tony. What gets to him, though, is finding out that the rest of the team, save Tony, knows as well.
It isn’t until the containers are empty and the credits are rolling that either of them say anything. It’s Bucky, leaning in close and whispering. It feels a little intimate and Tony looks around the room to find most everyone cleaning up and leaving, paying no mind.
It’s hard for Steve to lie, really. He’s still a good, church-going boy and wears his heart on his sleeve. The real blessing here is that Tony is about as oblivious as the sky is blue and is too occupied being a genius half the time and a pain in Steve’s ass the other half. Tony was hard to keep focused, anyhow. His brain was frequently going too many places at once to be tied down for long. He has a good energy, that way. There’s never a dull moment.
Tony went back to the Tower that night.
“As a date?”
Tony gives him a smile and drains his drink, sits it down on the bar, and then puts a hand on Steve’s chest. Steve can feel his heartrate kick-up and Tony’s hand is doing more to him than it strictly should. It doesn’t feel like Tony’s pushing him back. If anything, it feels like he’s trying to anchor himself to Steve.
Tony nods, albeit a little slowly, “As a date.”
A minute or so passes by and Tony pointedly does not track the time. His leg is jiggling up and down and he realizes that he may be acting a little selfish. Steve’s probably tired and doesn’t have a lot of time to talk, let alone sleep. God, he needs to be more considerate.
Steve had to fight the urge to walk up to him and pull him into his arms. So they stood and stared, waiting for the other person to say something. Anything.
“Yes, of course, I know what it
“I’d say yes.”
Tony beams, “Great! Let’s blow this popsicle stand.”
Tony scoffs and looks to Natasha, “It was supposed to be a surprise.”
because at least he wasn’t
“Nuh-uh.”
“You deserve better than me.” Steve whispers. “You’re so much better than me.”
“Do I get any more information than that?” She asks and tony shakes his head. “No? Ok. Look,” she carries on, “Steve is well known for saying the first thing on his mind and regretting a good 97% of what he says latter. You can’t take what he says as his last stance on anything.”
His fantasies were anywhere between simple innocence to completely dangerous. Either way, he always made sure to keep one on his person. Because who knows? He’d rather be a help than a hindrance.
Steve nods and gives Tony a small smile, “I’m having the same problem.”
Besides, it’s what he was used to. He started young. His father sending him to their business rivals’ as part of what was essentially a honeypot mission. It never seemed to matter whether or not they were men or women and the age never mattered either.
Steve blanches a little at that and leans back, shocked, “Tony-“
“Oh.” Tony says, frowning.
Tony sighs and his shoulders sag, “You really hurt my feelings. I was on my way to confess my feelings to you – to the both of you – and I heard you talking.”
“Yes, sir.”
Steve speaks then, voice slightly muffled, “This is our official notice, Tony. We want you.”
“FRIDAY, roll call, who is home?”
And then he fell in love with Steve.
Steve’s eyes roam over Tony’s face, taking in every detail. He sees every freckle and every scar, he spends what feels like hours looking into Tony’s dark, expressive eyes. This is his soulmate. This is the man he’ll spend the rest of his life with. Steve knows that now. Tony is it for him.
Steve tried for days to talk to Tony. He didn’t have much luck. His permission to enter the lab had been revoked.
There were a lot of things that Steve Rogers was but one of them wasn’t good at poker.
The moment he does he’s assaulted by the glorious smell of Thai and the heart-wrenchingly familiar image of all his teammates settled around the living room. From the way it looks, everyone has been waiting for him. Food is unopened and the movie queued, paused and ready.
The elevator ride down seems to take forever and is just long enough to make him start questioning his decision to come at all. Doubts come, pouring in fast and doing their best to drown him. Nervousness and anxiety make his skin itch and his stomach sick. He falls back against the elevator doors more than leans against them and tries to take a few centering breaths.
“It’s about time.” Clint says, hands hovering over his food, ready to eat.
“I’m going out on a limb here and if I’m way of course just give me the word and I’ll back off.” It doesn’t warrant a response so Steve just nods, waiting.
Tony smiles and steels himself. He sets his shoulders back, raises his chin, and puts a spring in his step. Walking with purpose while his heart beats away a quick staccato in his chest he clenches his hands until the nails are biting into his skin and does his best to put on his showboat smile and opens the door.
“We want you to be a part of this.” Bucky agrees.
There was a period of time when he thought that soulmates didn’t matter. Peggy and he had clicked and she was one hell of a woman. But it wasn’t the same. There was a strange emptiness between them. It almost felt like cheating in a way. It wasn’t fair to deny his soulmate the chance. That, however, didn’t make Steve feel any less for Peggy. It was just a different animal.
'Ms Potts,' he said, nodding respectfully as she passed by.
about
With that, Steve fell silently into step beside him, a solid and reassuring presence. Tony found himself blinking back tears again – an annoying habit he'd developed since losing Venom – because he didn't deserve this. He didn't deserve to have anyone beside him, and yet, Steve stayed, sitting beside him in the back of the cop car, staying in the room while he was processed, and walking with him all the way to the holding cell. The pity in his face when the door was about to shut nearly broke Tony's heart.
'I'm your
'Fine,' Steve tried to keep his tone as gentle as he could, despite his anger at the tinge of accusation in Tony's. 'But Tony, can you honestly tell me you didn't feel the same in every one of your previous relationships?'
Maybe he ought to just write about a real-life case. Not read an actual True Book, the kind of book that was someone's memories transferred to pages and imprisoned in covers – the idea revolted him – but read about them. Or maybe he didn't have to come up with something lurid and horrible; it could just be something ordinary enough, vaguely interesting enough, that someone desperate for money would have sold it to the Binders. Maybe his character witnessed a historic event? That might get him extra points with the History teacher anyway. He could write as a clerk or a servant or something around the signing of the declaration of independence, fallen on hard times and in need of a penny or two so badly that he'd give up part of his life.
Despite everything, Steve felt himself lighting up, a light so strong it was as if his whole body was the bond mark, inside and out. He beamed.
A few minutes later - he had been two floors down in the lift when he had realised he was barefoot and had to go back for shoes, and tried and failed to think of a way to stop Ron noticing- Tony was outside on the street. The heat hit him like the sun had personally taken the time to reach down from the heavens and slap him in the face. Stuck in the heavy black hoodie, Tony felt like every step could be his last.
'I don't like dating people with kids,' Stark clarified. 'Too complicated. Too many little... variables. You're the exception.'
'Always the hero,' it said, and Steve hated its voice, so like Tony's, and yet so twisted and changed. And in that moment of distraction, a tentacle sprang across the room, took him up by the throat, and slammed him into the wall.
Another step later, the hand disappeared from his shoulder and Tony looked back to see Steve, in Shield uniform today, pushing the cop's arm down.
lover, Tony had probably seen each of them as
'Yes, yeah, no-one's hurt, everyone's fine, it's just...' Peter bit his lip, but this time powered on. 'They've found some lost recording. A radio transmission of Steve's, from the forties.'
'Steve,' Peggy said, trying not to sound as alarmed as she felt. 'Tell me, what is it? What's wrong?' On instinct, she went to him, wrapped her arms tight around him. At first he tensed, and she thought he was going to pull away, but then he started to shake again.
'Eww!' Peter giggled. 'No it's not!'
Steve had been to the restaurant before. Well, not inside it; but he had hovered awkwardly outside before being moved along by a bouncer when he had still been trying to catch Stark to ask him about coming to the hospital. According to the internet, this was one of Stark's favourite places to go, and he certainly seemed comfortable enough, insisting on taking Steve's arm and escorting him inside, passing his keys to the doorman. He didn't even pause at the maître de, passing straight through to a table alone in an alcove by the window. Steve was beginning to feel distinctly under dressed; everyone else here, both staff and patrons, seemed to be in full black tie. Or white tie? He had never worked out the difference. In any case, even the table, draped in a white, embroidered tablecloth and decorated with two small candles burning on a pleasingly-shaped stone centrepiece, was better dressed than he was. He wished he had at least put on a tie.
'I don't want you talking to him at all!'
'Hold still, you little brat,' Mr Osborn hissed at him. 'I tried to play nice, I tried to be your friend, but you just had to be silly, and now-' Suddenly, his arm was around Peter's neck, hooked under his chin, lifting him off the ground. Peter couldn't breathe properly, but he was used to that, and he kicked as hard as he could. Mr Osborn cursed but didn't let go, and kept dragging Peter down the carpeted hallway, eventually pushing him through a doorway near the end. He was about to pull it shut when a small voice said, 'Dad? What's wrong?'
Tony nodded and followed her, Steve beside him as far as he was allowed to go, before he returned to the viewing gallery. Tony just hoped his knees would keep holding him up all the way to the end.
It was 5:30 in the afternoon. 10:30 at night in London. He should probably message Peggy before she fell asleep. It was something else he had been putting off, but right now it looked better than the homework. He didn't even really understand why he had put it off to begin with. Something hot and sad and uncomfortable just prickled in his gut every time he thought about talking to her. This time, he pushed the feeling down as best he could, and opened up a message window on his phone. He could do that, now. Apparently his ancient flip phone, inherited from his mom, had finally died sometime before he got sick and he'd finally upgraded to a smart phone.
'Stark,' Bucky said, 'This is the part where you go after him. Trust me.'
'...Daddy?'
'Do I have a choice?'
Peter nodded, white faced, and turned his attention to the phone, which was exactly what Steve wanted. The truth was, he would have killed Venom if he'd had the chance, and he wouldn't have had any regrets. But Venom wasn't a threat for this exact second at least, and although he wasn't sure about the wisdom of trusting them with whatever Venom was, Shield would at least be able to contain it in its current state. He could go and help them in a moment, and a moment was all Steve needed.
'Yes,' The Captain said, quietly, evidently still in shock.
But Steve had written this list. It was definitely his writing and it was in his bin, so he had undoubtedly written it. And the compliments, the way they were worded, the references to lips and hips and hair and clothes and perfume and, presumably, high heeled shoes, made Tony think, made it pretty obvious, that he had been writing to a woman.
The chorus finished and the pitch decreased slightly, and Venom, enraged, became aware of Peter, throwing him aside as if the boy wasn't even there. Peter hit the bar, moaned, and lay still.
For the first time, he was almost glad Stark was taking him out to dinner that night. It was time to make sure that alcohol really didn't work. Maybe if he drank enough quickly enough, he would be able to forget for one more night.
His flight suit was starting to feel tight, restrictive. For the first time since they had joined, Tony wondered if he should take it off for a bit.
But four weeks later, it happened again. She had still felt dirty from the last time, but had subsisted on the idea that she wouldn't have to go through it again. But she did, and this time was worse. She reeked of blood, with no way to get clean, and the guards called her
'Jarvis?' He croaked out, brandishing the offending underwear. 'Where did this come from?'
‘Aww, gorgeous, don’t be that way,’ Stark said, his tone switching from cold disinterest to wheedling amusement. ‘It was all for you.’
and Steve still didn't really know what it meant), that Iron Man must be a Good Guy. Even if all the Bad Guys in question had done as shoplift $20 worth of cigarettes from a convenience store and happened to catch Iron Man's eye.
Peter went back into the living room and settled himself on the couch as Steve finished the toast, smearing Peter’s in jam and cutting them into triangles. He did toast the old fashioned way, preferring the grill to the toaster, partly because he could do more slices at once, and it was all ready at the same time. Once Peter’s was ready, he spread some butter onto his own and took the plates through.
Except he didn't, not right away. The sun was going down, and it was catching on Tony, making him glow like he had that night on the fourth of July. Steve knew he was an addled old romantic, and his memories weren't always where he had left them, but he remembered that right enough. The beautiful lights and this beautiful man, and the beautiful life they had built here together.
'No, Stark, get out!'
'Definitely not.' Steve was of the opinion a suit should be black, brown or dark grey. Tony could pull the navy off, but Steve was not Tony.
Now for the music. He scrambled round the bed, grabbing the phone and closing what turned out to be a Youtube playlist. The change in sound level seemed to wake Peter up, and his eyes fluttered open, slowly taking Tony in. He made a small rasping sound that might have been
'Pete didn't tell you?' Tony went to him, took his hand, trying to be reassuring. 'Honey, I'm sorry. Yeah, it's online. It's kind of everywhere. But it's going to be okay, we'll handle it.'
'I'm sorry, Jarvis.'
(See the end of the chapter for
'I see when you gave me the authority over the team Stark had no more intention of listening to me than usual.' T'Challa sighed.
Tony shakes his head, “I don’t understand.”
He just shakes his head and grabs Steve’s hand, “I’ve done my time here. I’m feeling something greasy. What about you?”
Steve sighs and rubs a hand over his face, “I’m sorry, Tony.”
So yeah, he’s struggling.
“Damn.” Tony chokes back, touched. “That’s...that’s. Ok. Well, let’s surprise them.”
Steve shrugs and stifles a yawn, “Work is work. It’s looking like another few days at least.”
“I love you.” He blurts, setting down his tools. “Wait. Ok. I love you?”
She raises an eyebrow, “I love you, too.”
Tony smiles, “How about making it up to me?”
**Description of an anxiety attack**
He can practically see Steve shrugging, “Maybe there is. I don’t know. But I can’t handle that, Buck. I can’t go through something like that.”
'Sir, it seems the music is still audible in the common room,' Jarvis said, snapping Tony's focus again. He sighed. They didn't understand that when your mind steamed ahead as quick as his did, he needed the music to drown half his thoughts out so he could concentrate on a single thing at once. And he wanted to get this done today.
But it had been weak then. There were better ways to kill. Yes, much better. And they would come, when it was strong. When it had a host.
'I'm sorry. I just need to see Bucky.' He couldn't meet her eye.
'Um, who owns this couch? And this tower? I can lie around moaning where I like.'
Peter did his best, biggest smile; which was hardly any different to the one he had been wearing ever since Iron Man had turned up outside. Stark inspected the picture.
‘Relax. We’re only going to the museum, there’s a bench every three feet if he needs it. Anyway, I thought he might find it interesting, get to know you better.’
For some reason, it was only in that moment that he suddenly realised that Barnaby hadn't contacted him, either. Not so much as an
habit, but he just couldn't help it. He'd made up a whole scrap book of full and part completed sketches that Steve had deemed unworthy of preservation, while Tony himself couldn't bear to see them discarded; in fact that had been how he had first begun to suspect that Steve returned his feelings in the first place – when he found picture after picture after picture of himself cropping up. Anything else in there, receipts or the notes Steve wrote to himself, he made a point of always throwing back into the bin unread. Always. No matter how curious he was. Except.
He had just finished when Steve returned, his old-man bag full of groceries and what looked to be about 4 half-litre bottles of water. Tony was surprised to see them. Steve seemed very much like the
'Uh, plenty.' Tony called back. The flow coming from the stairs seemed unending. But this was good. If they got rid of everyone here, the rest of the facility would be unguarded. Only Cap was shaking his head. He didn't seem to agree.
He was so quick off the mark that he arrived at the state of the art lab suite before the previous group had emptied out of it. He bounced up and down impatiently, peering into the room. It was the top ability group in there, so hopefully they would pack away quickly. Well, top ability other than him. They'd given up trying to teach Tony anything about science just over two years ago, a few months after his arrival at the school, when it had become apparent that he knew more about it than the teacher.
'To be fair, Cap,' he replied, setting the cup down, 'It hardly counts as a side effect when he's fine. Better than fine. We both saw him, he's absolutely delighted.'
'You got him to come!'
'I don't care about them,' Steve said. 'I can be with you, tell people I'm with you, tell people how I feel about you, and no-one's going to put me in jail for it.'
The alarms had gone off the moment Steve had touched the roof, and within seconds hoards of hired goons had poured out. The security had been increased considerably since Tony had last visited, which was a good sign that Peter was here. He fired off a couple of blasts, taking out two more guards.
‘Really?’ Steve asked, taking his hand and pretending to examine it. ‘You must have grown some more fingers since I last checked.’
This was
Steve shrugged. 'If he is, he'll have to kill me quickly or the cold season will finish me off first.'
Steve kept hitting. Between the shield and the music, the thing was receding, shrinking, Stark's hands and feet already visible.
Cautiously, he pushed the cupboard door open, peeping out into the entrance hall. Agent Meason wasn't back yet, so it was the perfect time to go. Without wasting another second, Peter ran to the front door – he could run now - and out. There were a lot of people covered in sheets, and a few doctors looking after those who were hurt, but the agent lady had gone and taken the others with her. No-one was looking at Peter or the house, but they probably would if he started running. He would have to sneak.
'Penthouse,' he said, wondering if he would be asked to provide some sort of access code. But perhaps the machine had been expected him, because he felt the slightest sense of movement that meant he was going up.
He had never had cause to regret his decision. The creature from the cave served as the perfect flight suit, a perfect companion that helped him take back control, remove the variables from his life, and power the suits. Once he had sorted out his own life, Tony had remembered his resolve to make the world a better place, and had started to remove the scum from it. His flight suit remained, always present, content against his skin.
He had showered. Eaten. Drunk. Not drunk any alcohol. He had fed and changed Peter, played with him, comforted and soothed him. He was getting on with life. He was refusing to think about Steve. He couldn't function when he did.
Tony nodded, unable to speak. He felt Peter's curious hands exploring his face, feeling his tears, so he wiped them away quickly.
Despite the fact it was the early hours of the morning, Steve was still awake, looking distinctly unkempt and dishevelled (and damn, that was as sexy as it was tragic), trying to read a book but unable to keep his eyes off Peter, who was lying asleep in the bed, hooked up to half a dozen different pieces of equipment. His phone was on the cupboard beside the bed, hooked up to some speakers, quietly playing music. Even at that volume, Tony felt his suit coil in disgust. Well, he would stop it soon enough. First of all, he just had to act natural.
Like everyone else that lived in the city, Steve had heard plenty of stories about Stark Tower. Chief among them was that nobody had been allowed inside since he had made it home from his kidnapping years before. Coming to it now, he could believe it. Although the door stood open, and Venom had clearly just gone in, the whole place had the eerie stillness of a ghost town.
‘Okay,’ Tony said. ‘What about
. The word sent Tony's pulse racing. He didn't know how to be himself, not on his own, not as a singular. He couldn't, he couldn't do this alone, he didn't know how to
Tony woke up slowly, to the sound of soft music. He knew this song. It was
'You'd do exactly the same, Cap.'
Steve didn't answer. He couldn't believe it would be painless. He remembered his own days of
And then Steve's version of
'Electrified?!' Peter almost lost his grip. He had been climbing quickly, and now he was almost a whole storey up. Far enough that a fall would hurt, or worse.
Tony's life started going off the rails after his ignoble exit from his first school, too. After that it was school after school, expulsion after expulsion, because what did they think was going to happen when they put a genius in what they called 'age-appropriate' classes? His life was long stretches of boredom at boarding school, where he was forced to make his own fun, and then brief spells at home with Howard yelling at him for getting thrown out again and insisting he still had a nanny because he 'couldn't be trusted'. Somehow, he survived his education. He was finally allowed to go to MIT, and thank goodness for that, because he sure as hell couldn't have survived another school. Jarvis died just before he started, but there were drinks and parties and real friends for the first time in his life, and
It is unclear what the legal ramifications of the announcement will be as Stark Industries is a board and shareholder controlled company. However, when asked whether they would go along with his decision, Mr Stark simply said he would 'handle it'.
Doctors couldn't save Peter. Even if Steve had been able to afford the best doctors in the world, they would not have been able to save Peter. But doctors weren't as smart as Tony, and, unlike him, didn't have illegal-access to the barely-legal experiments of major corporations, Howard Stark's Vitaray research, a few precious scraps written by Erskine giving hints at his formula, and the DNA profile of the strongest symbiote in the universe.
‘Hey Petey.’
'Two hundred thousand dollars for the operation.'
'Oh, come on! It hates music!'
'Good boy,' Steve said in a low voice, and to his embarrassment Tony let out a little moan. It was the kind of moan that was one step short of ripping his clothes off, lying back on the table and begging
'Hi,' The man said. He looked to be about Steve's age, dark hair sticking up at odd angles, a well groomed goatee covering his face below what were, frankly, most astonishing brown eyes Steve had ever seen. He couldn't stop staring into them. It was like he had never seen eyes before, and suddenly he was uncomfortably aware that he was never going to see anyone he found as attractive as this man ever again, just because of his eyes.
'You okay?' She asked, suddenly worried that this was too much. After all, they hadn't talked about any of this in concrete terms. Maybe it was too much -
Tony had reached the ground floor now and stood before Steve, hands in his pockets. 'True. What a healthy start we've made to this relationship.'
'Well, I want you to meet them,' Peggy said again. 'I'll introduce you when school starts again.'
'So...' He said, slowly, trying to stop the break in his voice. 'I'm not getting Venom back, ever, am I?'
If War was what had defined the 20
Stark cocked an eyebrow. 'I think that's called
Before long, he was deeper than the moonlight could reach, and he stepped forward blindly a few paces before his grasping hands hit a rubble wall of dislodged earth and rock; the cave in Miss Maximoff had told him about. Pietro must be on the other side of it, or worse, underneath it.
Steve laughed and finally seemed to relax just a tiny bit. The colour began to return to his knuckles.
'You want to lay in my lap, handsome? That's a good start.'
'I know, Cap.'
Over the next week, Steve kept bumping into Richard as life on the base flowed around him. They'd meet in the cafeteria queue or end up in the library or gym at the same time. Richard introduced Steve to his wife, Mary, who was just as amicable as him. They, unlike the rest of Shield, didn't seem to be in awe of Captain America. There was no wall between them. The second appointment was slightly longer.
'Fine,' Tony had sighed. 'Sure you won't miss me too much?'
Steve should say no. He knew he was just putting himself in the path of temptation. But he couldn't say no, he couldn't stand the thought of never hearing Barnaby's voice again, denying himself all hope. So he nodded, and they exchanged numbers, and then they stood together in silence, admiring the view and watching the city change beneath them until they were both frozen.
Ignoring Thor's baffled look, Steve turned around and marched back the way he had come. There was no need to go and see Carol. He knew exactly who was behind this.
'Yes, but I'm fine.'
Steve managed a tense, tight smile. 'Well, it's good to see you so happy, Buck.'
'Yeah,' Tony said, stonily. 'So, Cap, who's the lucky girl that's caught your eye?'
A dreadful noise erupted from behind him as he tried to focus on shaking the professor's hand and taking his degree, tried to ignore that Bucky and his mother and his damned
'Well, two super humans and you,' Bucky corrected, smirking, because he had turned out to be a bit of a dick when he recovered.
'Right,' Steve said, hugging him. 'And look, seems like he's coming this way.'
'How is he today?' Someone asked, quietly. Steve knew the voice. Bucky.
Steve wondered whether Stark had called in advance to arrange all this, or whether they just kept the table and wine available for him at all times, like the Phantom of the Opera and his box at the theatre. Steve decided to keep that particular comparison to himself, certain that Stark would be a little too pleased about it.
Within minutes, Tony was so engrossed that he didn't even notice that other people had entered the lab until one of them kicked his book bag clear across the room. It thumped loudly against one of the windows, making Tony jump, scratching a line clear down the middle of his page of notes, and making the newcomers laugh like it was the funniest thing they had ever seen. Tony knew who it was before his eyes had even torn away from the crumpled bag. Sure enough, he turned to see Osborn and his three favourite cronies. Tony had never bothered to learn their names.
'It makes me nervous,' Tony muttered in his ear, 'When you look at me like that. Makes me think you're planning something filthy.'
‘It’s not a threat, it’s a promise. If you don’t like it then keep away from us.’
given me medicine, I knew it would work, I just knew it, because everything you make works and I can do forward rolls now and look!' He took a deep breath in.
'Spectrum?'
Pepper wrote to him too, and then came to visit. She had another job, and was doing well. She was glad to see him back.
'Dad!' Peter's voice came through sounding breathless. 'It is! I mean, it isn't, it's bad, maybe really bad-'
and get down to the hospital's canteen, where Tony had brought Steve an extremely sub-par coffee the Captain hadn't even touched. Tony sipped his and couldn't blame him.
Huffing, Steve finally let his arms drop to his sides. Angry as he was, he didn't want to needle too much about what was, for Tony at least, still a sore subject. 'My arm works,' he said.
'Nope. No more dying, ever.'
He wasn't quite sure where he was running
It had hurt. Peter didn't like to think about that part. Mr Stark had injected him with fire, and it hurt, and went all round his body and kept burning, even though his dad had been there stroking his hair and saying it was okay, and it had
But it had only been temporary, in the end. Less than two years, all in all.
'I'm not perfect.'
'It's not! It's
'Good evening Stark, Sheriff,' Thor said, looking delighted with himself. 'Stark, this is Angela. My sister that I was telling you about.'
First Meeting – Once all four previous steps have been completed, the marriage candidates are finally permitted to meet, either alone or with parents present, and are able to begin to get to know each other. Depending on the families involved, they may be expected to agree or refuse the marriage at the end of this meeting, or may be allowed to try
'Yes, but it looked like-' Steve stopped, abruptly, when a nurse came through the doors. She smiled at them, and carried on walking. Steve's face had become a battle ground of horror and hope when he had seen her, he had sat up straighter, and then crumpled again when he realised she didn't have news, his face turning blank and lifeless.
to it?'
Somewhere in the conversation, he had taken Steve's hand and Steve hadn't pulled away. Now Tony was leaning in towards him, and Steve somehow knew this was it, that his defences had finally crumbled away and no matter how dangerous it was, how selfish it was, he was going to kiss every inch of this man he could get his lips to, right here in the town jail.
'No!' Peter said, sounding stricken, and started climbing up the wall, clearly intent on following until Steve grabbed him around the waist and pulled him down.
It seemed easier to agree, so Tony did, and they went back to dancing, and Tony thought that he may just be happier now than he had ever been in his life.
At that Natasha couldn't suppress a shout of laughter, flipping over again so that she could look at him and his delightfully pink face.
Yes. But.
'Sit down,' Steve said, putting the just-washed chopping board back on the table with a glint in his eye.
Pepper looked angrier than ever. 'I have better things to do,' She said coldly. 'And you are a
'I was not.'
Steve sighed. 'About that-'
'Yes, sir.' Jarvis replied. 'I also have the results of the background check. Would you like to hear the contents of Captain Rogers' Shield personnel file?'
'Lucky them,' Barnaby said.
But he had promised confidentiality. He had signed several non-disclosure agreements to that effect. And behaviour since aside, Stark had been great at the hospital visit; showing Peter the simulation, taking the picture, giving him the phone… he had been so gentle with Peter, made him so happy. It was like two different people.
'A deputy? Really?' Steve demanded, not at all impressed. 'Bucky died
'Why? Is there a big scary monster in there?'
'Yeah? And how is that working out for you since biological weapons were banned?' Tony asked, taking hold of the papers and trying to pull them free. Osborn tightened his hold.
fun. And there was something he had always wanted to try.
,' Tony said, feeling like he was drowning under the torrent of words. The request came out terse, harsher than he wanted. He could feel his heart pounding in his ears. Steve's face fell.
'Don't worry,' Thor reassured him. 'I have been preparing for this, and there's no reason the fertility blessings won't cover adoption or children conceived by magical means.'
That was part of the reason he was so annoyed at Stark for pressuring Peter into agreeing that Steve was his 'dad'. Peter idolised the man and would have agreed to just about anything if Iron Man was the one saying it.
Steve still looked baffled.
Finally,
'No, but... you never date! I just assumed you were straight!'
At least the contents of his locker were a distraction, almost like a time capsule of September to December, right before he got sick. Buried in the debris were movie tickets for films he didn't remember seeing, rubber vampire fangs from Halloween, a twist of shiny ribbon that had probably come off a Christmas present. He started scraping the rubbish out, screwing it into a ball.
'Relax,' Thor said, less formally. 'I've got this.'
'Don't worry, Cap,' Tony said, managing a smile that was almost convincing. 'It's the right thing to do.'
'Some of it,' Peter said, blushing a little. 'It started autoplaying. I turned it off when I realised what it was. It's Steve's business.'
, and Mr Stark wouldn't tell his dad what had been in it, and his dad had been worried about
'Just that time when you decided to blow yourself up in a gold mine-'
'Okay. Can I do some more rolls while we're waiting?'
Suddenly, in the corner of the room, a harp began to play. Steve had seen it standing there when they had entered, and had half-hoped he would get to hear it in action. He turned to watch the harpist, but Tony had leapt to his feet the second the music started. The expression on his face was ugly, his eyes narrowed in anger. Steve glanced around the room; the waiting staff were either looking horrified or confused, and the maître de was hurrying over towards the musician. Whatever he was trying to do, however, it was too late.
Tony wrinkled his nose. He’d taken off his school jacket –
, and at this point Tony would have agreed to anything as long as Steve would keep talking to him like that. Assuming he was even still capable of doing anything. He suppressed a groan, holding himself up on the edge of the work surface, because he felt like everything from his chest down had turned to jelly. He had to swallow, hard, before he could speak.
'Just checking you're okay,' Osborn said, 'We worry about you, a
‘Thank you,’ Peter said, as Steve put the plates down on the coffee table and settled down next to him. Then, abruptly, he turned to him and said ‘Hey, Steve, what’s this?’ He held his hands up in front of him, all ten fingers spread wide.
'Nothing,' he said. 'Well, besides the obvious.'
Tony got up, giving everyone at the table an apologetic look before going to chase after Steve. "What the hell was that? Why are you acting like this?" Tony asked as he reached him, placing a hand on his lover's arm. The hand was quickly retracted when Steve turned around, seething. "Do I really have to say it again? I don't want to talk about it!" he growled. "I just want to be left alone today, now if you could just for once think about someone besides yourself," he leaned down so his face was only a hair away from Tony's. "Maybe I would feel a little worse about wanting to break up with you right now." He stood straight, and turned away. Tony was hurt.
"I'm a Stark, we don't share our problems. Now let go of me, and I'll be on my way. Obviously Bruce hasn't told you, this wasn't my idea." The brunette said, keeping her voice chilled. She felt the hand on her arm loosen, but not completely let go.
. Tony took in another breath as he tried to shake out his nerves.
Steve looked up and smiled at the playboy, who smiled back. Steve hugged Tony tightly, and wanted to thank him a thousand times over. It was absolutely perfect, and it was the best gift he had ever received. Tony's phone began to ring, and he thought about ignoring it. "It's Director Fury, sir." Jarvis said. Tony and Steve exchanged a look, and the brunette brought out his cell phone. Director Fury's name flashed on the screen. "I wonder what the big man wants." Tony grumbled, and pressed talk.
"More or less." Steve responds, having no toruble speaking over the music. Tony looks back at the dancers, before looking up at the blond, smirking. "You wanna dance?"
"Steve," Tony gasped, clawing at his back. Steve licked the brunette's neck, causing him to arch beneath him. "Damn it Steve, stop!" His breathing was becoming ragged, and he felt his prick begging to be let loose. The blond nipped at his shoulder, and Tony moaned, wanting Steve to just
"Listen Christine, all I'm saying is: I'm not afraid of you anymore. I'll play along with this little game, pretend like it's still a big deal; but really, you're not going to get anything out of this. I won't sleep with you." Steve said calmly, and a flash of pure anger flashed over Christine's face. "Stop the car. I'm getting out." She ordered. The soldier shook his head slowly. "I don't think so. We have a date that you planned, and I think we should keep to it. And besides, what kind of man would I be if I dropped a dame like you off in the middle of the highway with no way to get home?"
Steve's eyes rolled back into his head as he came, and Tony knew he was close too. He thrust himself a few more times, before finally coming himself. He pulled out of Steve, and fell over to the side. Their panting was now the only sound in the empty room. Steve looked over at Tony, and they simply lay there, enjoying the utter bliss. "Thank you." Steve whispered, and kissed Tony, who smiled. Tony curled up beside him. "No need to thank me." he whispered and fell asleep. Steve chuckled, and nodded off.
Tony pressed a finger inside of himself, and gave a small moan, pulling his finger in and out of himself, and adding another. It wasn't long before Steve grabbed his hand, removing his fingers from his entrance, and replacing them with the blond's hard prick. Both gave a small moan of excitement as the soldier began to move in and out, pressing himself as far as he could go. Toyn bucked his hips upward, feeling the blond move with him and grunting with the effort. "God Tony, I love you." Steve whispered as he reached around to the man's front, and began to stroke him.
Tony bit his lip as Steve left, and did the same for his plate before running downstairs to the lab. He only picked at his meal, his appetite was gone, and he just wanted to apologize to Steve so badly. His phone buzzed in his pocket, and half of him hoped that it was Steve calling to tell him to come upstairs. Only it wasn't Steve. It was someone who knew how to break him with two simple words.
"And I couldn't ask for a better group of friends." They all raised their drinks in approval, even Tony. Steve sighed, happy to see all his friends together.
"Watch it Stark, I don't talk that way about your girlfriend." Steve growled, and both Christine and Tony looked at him in surprise. "So she's your girlfriend is she?" The brunette smirked. "How does it feel knowing you got my sloppy seconds?" "I swear to God-" Steve began advancing towards him, but Fury's voice snapped him out of it. "Enough! Both of you get back to your rooms, and get out." he ordered, switching his vision between the two.
"Because I'm slowly losing oxygen flow to certain areas of my body."
“Natasha taught me; told me if I was gonna keep you I had to learn how to show you up every once in a while.” Steve said, lowering his voice as they reached the couple.
!" Steve begged, a hard edge to his voice. "Not yet. I want to savor the moment." Tony removed his fingers, and laced them with Steve's. "I love you Steven G Rogers." He whispered in Steve's ear. Steve's breathing stopped. "I love you too Anthony E Stark." Steve replied, his eyes locking with Tony's.
"You're going to be getting a lot more than a bruise if you keep this up!" Natasha's voice rose, but she quickly caught herself. "Okay, please explain to me what I'm doing wrong!" Tony requested, giving her a bored look. "You and Rogers!" She quietly yelled.
Steve looked at him, a boyish grin on his face, making his eyes crinkle up. Tony couldn't help but smile back. "Well, what do you already know?" The blond asked. Tony quickly told him the memories he had of last night, and the soldier laughed. "Aw Stark, you missed all the best parts."
Steve remained silent. He stared down at the lifeless body of his ex-husband, the only man he had ever truly loved. He was completely numb, he didn’t understand. Why would Tony push him away at a time when he needed his family the most?
“No one is allowed back at the hotel without me knowing, got it?” Tony began to run, but Natasha stopped him. “Tony,” He looked back to see a soft smile on her face. “You really love him don’t you?” Tony smirked, and looked away. “Just make sure that no one comes back to the hotel.” Natasha released her grip on his arm, and watched the Iron Man, the one who never truly loved, run after the man he loved with all his heart.
to have a choice.”
Tony’s hand leaves Steve’s chest and he misses the warmth of it immediately. Steve looks down to find Tony giving him a look. It’s something that Steve’s seen more and more recently and can’t chalk it up to more than consideration.
team building exercises. He stops seeing anyone altogether, too. He can’t handle the empty sex and Steve’s right, he couldn’t even keep Pepper down so what’s the point in the end?
On a particularly weird night where Tony is experiencing too much disassociation to be comfortable he sits in his workshop, silent, and waits. His bots clatter around him and beep in concern and he pats their heads comfortingly as if to say,
“Ok, so I’ve been a little distracted.”
That’s food for thought. Steve tries hard not to read into it.
“Yeah.”
And then he met Tony Stark and everything went tits up.
“You win some, you lose some.”
“You know, not that you deserve and explanation, but I do everything for a reason.” Tony takes in a deep breath and lets it out slowly, “People are always trying to take things from me and use me. So, ‘jumping around to the next thing with two legs’ is one of my types of reconnaissance. But even if it was just for fun it’s no excuse for what you said.”
“Mmm.” Tony hums, “I never took you for a good actor. C’mon, let down the curtain for a second and tell me how bored you are.”
“I like the guy, don’t get me wrong, I just don’t think he’s good relationship material.” Steve says, “He can’t hold down anyone. Even Pepper let him go.”
Steve was a breath of fresh air. He understands the duality of being a hero and the strain it creates. He’s always been there and supported Tony both in his strengths and weaknesses and accepted that he is both independent of the title and Iron Man all at once. That’s the seesaw of dualism and nondualism.
