“And leave you to fend for yourself, when you can’t even cook?”
“Yes,” Cas said, deadpan. “I deserve a medal.”
i edited this on 3 hours of sleep and 4 shots of espresso, please ignore any grammatical errors.
“Okay, so you are catching it,” Dean grumbled into his whiskey. His eyes flickered to Jack, whose face was pinched as he rubbed at his head.
Nodding, Sam said, “It
“Sounds good,” Dean said blandly. “A good plan.”
He should get on the road soon before the numbness wore off. Or maybe it’d never wear off. Maybe his heart had finally gotten in line with his brain and accepted defeat. Maybe, maybe, maybe.
Jack turned his head to beam up at Dean; the first genuine smile Dean had seen from him in weeks. “Thank you.” He rose from the bed to attack Dean in a surprise hug.
,” Dean announces, “is that we only talk about the hunt, and the job—not my feelings, not yours, not anybody’s. Got it?”
Swiping a hand over his mouth, Dean shook his head, frowned down at Cas’s hand.
how to be a hunter.”
It rattles around Cas’ brain, akin to pots and pans clanging together in cacophony. It chases at Castiel’s heels as he walks down the stairs to the living room. It bangs the mugs against the metal as he places them into the sink. It crowds against him as he sinks into the couch, head in his hands.
Sam barks out a laugh. “Wow, Dean, she must have been really pissed.”
“In the spring.”
Dean shrugged, shifting in his seat, uncomfortable. “Told you it was dumb.”
With narrowed eyes, Cas says, “I
Opening the squeaky door to his car, Dean announces, “Well, see you in seven hours.”
go down that path… just—don’t do it. Okay?”
Dean looks at him with blank green eyes, and nods quietly, walking toward the house.
“I suppose,” Cas says with a grimace as he pushes at the back of his neck. “It’s not pleasant, either way.”
“Mary and Sam Winchester.”
“So it’s still hungry,” Dean says, eyeing the body on the slab.
Dean runs and slides to his knees, hands scraping the gelatinous liquid from Cas’ body. He ignores the stinging on his hands where the liquid touches. He yanks Cas to his feet and pulls him away.
“I should be asking you that,” Dean says, brow creased in a frown. He grazes a hand across the purple bruises on Cas' throat. “You were the one whose mind Faith screwed with all that time.”
“Are you going to even tell me what happened in Heaven that made you upset enough to not come home?” Dean asks.
hey everyone, quick note - there is an.... ahem, "mature" scene of sorts in this chapter. It happens sometime after the time break, and lasts till the end of the chapter.
interfere.”
The horizon was stretched out in front of him, endless for miles. Above him the sky twisted in cloudy, black tendrils, unnaturally dark with no stars. Across the field, pools of black, oozing substance bubbled out of the ground—the same substance that took Cas, that was part of the Empty.
“Just that the Sons of Anarchy called, they’re missing their leading man.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas manages to softly reply.
“Dean,” Gabriel warned.
“They probably won’t even ask for our IDs and just take us at our word,” Dean says to Cas over the top of the car. He slides a fake FBI badge that he had in the glove compartment with Cas’ picture. “But just in case.”
Claire leveled Dean with a shuttered expression. “Why do you care?”
Sam’s explosive sigh resonated through the hall as Dean marched back to the quiet living room. Claire had moved to the couch next to Kaia, whose arm was wrapped around her shoulder. Sam moved to stand next to Eileen; they exchanged concerned looks.
Something in his chest tugged; a blinding blue light pulsated, and he was knocked backward. His elbows scraped against the rough carpet as he crashed to the ground.
Anna’s expression softens. “We couldn’t get her to return Claire’s memories of you. I think they’re destroyed, Castiel.”
“Every time you take a shot, you can ask me a question about myself, whatever you have to know for your ‘job’,” Dean explains, sitting cross-legged on the floor, his white-socked feet tucked under his legs. “But every time
When Castiel observes a coffee date between Dean and Lisa on Wednesday afternoon, Castiel’s heart clenches painfully as he records observations of their relationship in his notebook.
“And I didn’t mean the note,” Cas chokes out. “I couldn’t help what I was feeling, I couldn’t—”
“This is my first task as a cupid. I was a guardian angel before this. I protected…“ He pauses, memories of Claire flashing behind his eyes, pinching at his nerves, “I protected people. And now I have to play matchmaker. I’m neither qualified nor interested.” He raises his eyes to look at Dean’s; they’re still flickering to look at Castiel in the rearview mirror. “I really don’t mean to be a bother. I just need to do my job in its entirety before I return to Heaven; even if it means reporting back that I’ve failed.”
Dean groans in reply.
Sam answers blearily, as if he was sleeping: “Cas?” Cas is silent. He can hear the rustling of bedsheets on the other line as Sam sits up. “Cas? What’s going on? Is Dean okay?”
-Henry David Thoreau, Walden
“You weren’t a damn
He pulled back from Cas’s shoulder, his lips grazing Cas’s cheek as he went. He caught a glimpse of blue, wide eyes before he leaned in again, this time his hands gently framing Cas’s face as he clumsily kissed the corner of his mouth. Cas’s breath caught as Dean’s thumbs stroked the hinges of his jaw.
. That time.” Sam frowned, taking a sip of beer. “Although I don’t even remember why he was there in the first place.”
He can still hear the creak of the church, still feel the rotting wood panels groan under his feet as he ran across them. Dean was in the middle of the room, on his knees, head bowed. Crowley was tied up and cast across the ground a few feet away.
Face dropping out of a smile, Cas nodded slowly. “Yes. About Amara taking over when he went to the Empty to try and rescue me, too.”
"Yes,” Cas agreed, softly. “It's a start.”
want to meet their soulmate. Usually they’re born with a defect or are clinically insane.”
Cas’s voice said firmly.
Shrugging, she cleans up her table, getting ready for the next round of people. Even though she can’t explain all these things, she feels an undeniable warmth in her chest for the rest of the day.
Sam gestures to the open laptop. “Did you find anything indicating what type of monster she could be?”
He stares at Dean’s back. He could once sense his heartbeat there.
Sam blinked at the sudden topic change, his eyebrows shooting up his brow. “Wait,
Cas lets out a soft laugh. “I think Lacy will enjoy it, and most likely Dean too, so, no.”
Dean feels his cheeks color at such a blatant compliment. “Uh, thanks, Cas. It’s okay.” He takes a steadying breath. “So, Benny…he was restless. He missed Louisiana, and his family; he moved here to get a fresh start but I think that instead, things felt stagnant to him.” Dean chuckles, self-deprecatingly, and says, “I think he thought that
Cas says, “Dean,” before catching him into another kiss.
“To work things out with Cas.”
“Can it, Sam.”
Hanging his head, Dean let out a loud groan. “
I left.”
She frowns at him. “Are you okay?”
, okay? Lisa and I will probably hit it off so well in the next few dates, you can go back to Heaven and reap all the rewards of doing a job well done!”
The voice in his head fell quiet as he turned down the main highway. He rolled down the windows to feel the wind whip through his hair. It was almost possible to feel normal like this: an open road stretched out in front of him, the taste of a possible hunt on his tongue, the strong rumble of Baby under his feet. He basked in it for a few hours, even put a cassette into the tape deck, blaring Zeppelin. He tapped his fingers in time to the beat. He smiled at the attendant as he filled up his tank at a small gas station.
“Hmm?”
Cas nodded.
Dean stares up at him for a millisecond, then agrees dumbly and stumbles out to the hall, where the bathroom door shuts soundly behind him. As he hears the pipes tentatively spit out a stream of water, Dean attempts to process what in the hell just happened.
“Would you cut the crap and listen?” Bob snaps. “If May and I suspected you two of being something you’re not, you can sure as hell bet this whatever-it-is supernatural monster has smelled something fishy on you, too. So you need to amp up your cover, got it? While at the same time looking for any suspicious behavior.”
“I’m sorry,” Sam said, his eyes rimmed red from crying as he looked down at Dean, drunk out of his mind, lying on the bathroom floor.
But, when that door opens, he’ll see
Castiel huffs, his breath making soft tendrils into the crisp autumn air. He’s been kicked out before. One time he said something wrong to Claire about a boy who had just broken her heart (“He wasn’t as special as you think, Claire”) and she kicked him out to the front yard. He didn’t mind; his grace kept him warm and he didn’t think much of it.
Sam tries again. “I—”
“When angels choke, like yours truly,” Gabriel said, “we don’t have a place for our souls to go because, well—” he shrugged, “—we have none. So we need a place to sleep, so to speak.”
He finds Dean hunched over the bar, resting on his elbows, hands clasped. When Castiel stands beside him, Dean’s green eyes narrow and practically burrow a hole in Castiel’s forehead.
am!” It’s silent, and Cas is doing nothing but staring at him, chest heaving with heavy breaths. Dean pinches the bridge of his nose, eyes squeezed shut. “Listen, Cas, I—”
did. I feel—I do feel.”
Cas' fingers grazing across Dean's forehead suddenly go still. A painful expression twists his face. "Dean, I'm not sure if that's a good idea."
She waves her hand between them. “This whole soulmate thing. The whole concept doesn’t sit well with me either, to be perfectly honest. My parents aren’t actually soulmates, and their marriage is one of the best I’ve ever seen. I don’t think a soulmate is your only way to be-all-end-all happiness. But… maybe we could just go on a couple of dates, like this? Get to know each other? With no pressure involved.”
Last time he was on this highway heading west, Cas had randomly popped in while they were driving to a hunt in South Dakota.
Reaching down, Dean holds Cas’ face and pushes his finger against Cas’ jaw, clicking it shut. “You done being ridiculous?” he asks.
There’s a beat too long of silence. “Can I help you?” the man asks again.
Sam schools his face into a neutral expression. “They’re different. You know that.”
“Jesus, Sam, how old are we?”
“Sure, Cas, holding hands is a basic romantic thing, sure.” He shifts in his chair. “So you’re saying we should, uh. Practice. For our relationship to be convincing.”
It’s the note that made him realize how twisted, how destructive his newfound human feelings were and how important it was that he leave and suffocate those feelings before they affect Dean.
Gabriel smiled pleasantly, straining against the black substance. “Well. It’s a pity you didn’t choke on it.”
Smile dropping, Dean slammed his palm onto the table, making it shake. “Well if it’s not a goddamn game, then why are you acting like it is?”
before meeting her.”
“Worse things.”
“Uh, sure, Cas. Thank you for, uh. Answering, I guess.”
“I’m not sayin’ you can’t, but it’s better if we go as a team.” He scoots the plate closer to Cas. “Eat your eggs.”
ago.”
Reaching around Castiel’s arm, Dean holds the book beneath where Castiel’s hand is clutching it, frowning at it thoughtfully. “Can’t say that I’ve read the original edition of Marx’s
this chapter was a biiiit shorter than my usual, but that's because the next chapter is a bit massive - almost 6k - so look forward to that! :D
with us?” May spits. “We’re hunters for chrissakes, if you had any sense in that brain of yours you would know that—”
“Yeah. Yeah, Cas.” Dean choked on a sob, trying to catch Cas’s hand, but grabbing air instead. “Cas, are we in your memories? Are you asleep? What’s going on?”
Whose business is it that we have kids, but our own? I don’t understand why humans have to ask all these stupid damn questions!” And he spins on his heel, leaving John and Dean with jaws unhinged.
Sam held up a hand and shushed him, eyes never leaving Eileen or Gabriel’s conversation. Dean watched as the color slowly drained from his brother’s face.
“I won’t run again,” Cas promises with kisses against Dean’s warm neck.
Claire raised her hands and let out a loud whoop as she crossed the finish line first, miles in front. Cas frowned petulantly and leaned forward on the couch, demanding a rematch.
“Then
It makes me really sad to see this fic finish. If you guys liked it and want to help me out promoting it now that it's complete, please consider reblogging
“Do you mind if I join you?” he asked.
“And I tortured those people in Hell. That’s what I’m seeing now, Cas. All those people on the rack begging for me to stop, and I did it anyway, so
“Dean,” he says again, voice cracking. “Dean, we need to keep moving.”
The black puddles around him began to rumble and vibrate, rising up in shadowy tendrils. Dean clumsily fell to the side as one shot out at him, narrowly missing his chest. Another wrapped around his leg, yanking him to the ground, and the creature loomed closer, raised a giant paw as more of the black substance twirled around Dean, holding him in place as he struggled.
Dean pushes a mug of coffee tentatively across the table. “Want any?”
Trying not to visibly stiffen at her accuracy, Castiel admits, “It was my hope that we can discuss it.”
“Dean.” Sam stared his brother down, a silent urge for him to quit the bullshit.
“You’re doing this on purpose, you know.” Dean hides a smile behind his hand, scrubbing it over his mouth.
Tilting his head, Dean frowns. “What was wrong with you?”
“This one’s my favorite.”
“You guys, get
“Fine,” Claire said. She placed the full glass to the side and shut off the sink.
Dean shouted out as he tipped backwards, colliding with thin air as he fell.
And Dean’s eyes are beginning to linger on the closed door longer than they should.
“Yeah, I guess you did.” Dean chews his lip thoughtfully. “Even though the advice was coming from a shady bartender in a shady bar.”
Dean nods. "Yeah, that one. Family you form by choice is stronger than family that's forced on you by birth."
“And what are they?” Cas asks.
Cas nods. He stands in tandem with Dean, withdrawing his knife. Dean shoves his gun into Cas’ hand—just in case a knife doesn’t cut it—and grabs a pistol from under the pillow.
“I am beginning to understand that,” Cas says. “Three of the four hunters I paired up with in the past year died while on a hunt with me.”
Dean raises his head, blinking in surprise. “Cas?”
Castiel feels a small smile tug at his face. “That’s acceptable.”
“We need to get a restraining order for Dad,” Dean announces to Mary as he slams a pile of books onto her desk. “These are the books Cas borrowed the other week, by the way.”
Cas gingerly lifted up his shirt to reveal a large gash in his side. “I believe this is my only ailment.”
“Gabriel,” Sam said, holding out a firm hand. “Back off.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He can’t do this now. Not with Cas staring at him like this. Like he’s the singular most important person in the world. “I’m scared,” he says. “I could lose you.”
Cas smiles. “Yes.”
“Confronting your mother like that, I mean.”
The first red flag is that Dean’s family hired Castiel without informing Dean at all. According to the family, Dean had been receiving death threats from an alt-right group so cleverly named “the Trumpers” because of Dean’s very liberal agenda in his politics. The family was concerned. Castiel assumed that Dean was also concerned.
“Dean…” Castiel, over the initial shock, feels anger simmering in his gut. “We’re not having this conversation here.”
-subscribe to my ao3 profile
She frowns at him, head slightly tilted. It reminds Dean of Cas. “You do?”
“Good. Because it’s true.” Castiel adds, firmly, “And protecting you has been an honor.”
After considering for a moment, Castiel decides, “It was difficult to come back to the current reality, after experiencing the unreliable narrative of the book. And, he has a ‘wonderful way of punching us the reader in the stomach with the reality that most things are senseless.’”
When Dean reaches for Castiel’s hand, he decides that Dean is downright delusional; nonetheless he grabs Dean’s hand tightly, refusing to let go during the whole ambulance ride to the hospital.
At first, people were (politely) hyper-fixated on the fact that Dean and Cas weren’t soulmates. That snagged their attention more than anything else—“Oh, so you’re being progressive and rejecting the soulmate idea? Good for you.”—and despite being annoying the three-hundredth time Dean and Cas were asked about it, they learned to just laugh it off and provide their quick explanation for it, scripted down to the letter from how many times they had to repeat it.
“Don’t we have food here?” asks Cas, poking his head through the hole of a fresh t-shirt he pulls on, making his hair impossibly messier.
to blame. I’ve been there, I get it, okay?”
But he doesn’t love
“Well, not that you were a chatterbox before, but you’ve been quiet all week. And I can only assume it’s because you’re sick of me and want to don on the white toga again and go dance with your angel buddies.”
“Uh. Sure.”
never ask,” Jody snapped. Waving Eileen over, she handed her a legal pad. “Do you think you’ll be able to brief us on what’s all going on with this… Empty thing? All we know is that demons are kicking our asses, but it’d be nice to know more with what we’re dealing with.”
Cas choked on his coffee.
“I don’t trust anyone but you and Sam,” Cas replies, “but I’ve learned that in the hunting world, and just from a general tactical perspective, there is safety in numbers. So I have no objection to working with them as long as Bob doesn’t attack you again.”
“Yeah, I know, but we can tell him about it later, okay? He’s just gonna worry because he’s not around to help and do anything.”
Cas avoids Dean’s eyes. Dean swipes his keys off the table and stalks toward the door. “You know what? Fuck this.”
“It was Abby again, wanting her toast scorched to a crisp in the morning before she does the same to her students,” Charlie says flatly.
“Yeah,” Dean said, huffing out a laugh. “Sometimes I think he said that kind of crap just to get a rise out of us.”
Ok my friends. There are brief mentions to alcoholism in this chapter (John's alcoholism). If anyone wants additional info about this, just message me. But nothing in this story will be too graphic or in depth. It's just something Dean has to deal with, and by proxy, the readers hear about it too.
“And we’re going to keep doing that again and again once we get out of here, okay?”
Cas looks up from prodding at his eggs and frowns. “It’s not a date, Dean.”
Sam moves to help; freezes at the creak of the door behind them. Cas’ eyes grow wide and suddenly alert, looking at something unseen over Dean’s shoulder.
The hallway shook and got darker. Dean turned, even though he already knew what he would see. The Empty was in John Winchester’s form now, his grin wide and wild. His eyes glowed a deep red.
Sam grabbed Cas by the shoulders and steered him to the bathroom, where the medical supplies were kept. He led Castiel to the edge of the bathtub, guiding him to sit. “Where are you hurt, Cas?” He tried to keep his voice as gentle as possible.
Dean sees Sam’s Volvo as his headlights flash across the driveway. After he shifts his car’s gears into park, he rests his forehead against the leather steering wheel for a moment to steady his rapid heart-rate. When the interior of the car starts to get cold without the engine on, he goes inside.
“Sam get a hold of a controller, too?”
“I loved Castiel. I love him too. Stop saying I don’t.”
“There isn’t much I wouldn’t do for Dean,” Cas agrees, very solemnly, making something in Claire’s stomach twist. But she can’t identify the feeling.
“It is. My sister…” Fingers running through his hair, Cas continues, “She told me that you basically figured it out. And that—I’m just so mortified, Dean. You must think I’m a psychotic stalker, slipping in during busy hours and leaving notes, I can’t even begin to explain how sorry I am, I—”
(He only did that because he wanted to touch Cas’s hand somehow. He didn’t know it’d be one of the last times that he could.)
Dean blinks at him; huffs out a frustrated sigh. “Okay, then, I’ll see you later, I guess.”
Cas blinks; withholds a grimace. He tries to forget the bridge. “Oh. Yeah.”
trying to find a fucking solution. What you’re doing is just—bullshit.” Dean turned to Jack. “You said that you can’t see Cas. But he
“No, Dean, I’m not blaming you. I…” He raises his gaze to Dean. “Do you remember the night that local band played at your bar? It was with Charlie, Anna, Gabriel…”
“And he’s obviously
His house is dark and empty when he goes home that night; the same as it’s been since he left for his date with Lisa a couple of days ago. He still remembers the sinking feeling he felt when he returned to an empty house; the kind of feeling that made him think the weight of his emotions was going to descend him through the floor.
“Well we know that all the previous victims were divorced or single. That was the only thing connecting them. But as far as everyone knew, you two were married.”
but not THE end. because i'm going to keep writing dean/cas in the future as long as my dumb little fingers will let me.
“Well they
“It was demons. Tons of them.” Sam ran a hand over his mouth, sighing. “
“Great,” Cas agrees with a smile over the rim of his mug. He knocks the counter with his knuckles when a thought occurs to him. “Oh, I have something…” He shuffles off his chair, quickly walking to the couch. Grabbing his backpack and fishing out
“Ideally,” Castiel sighs, “but occasionally punishment is dealt out.” He briefly wonders how Mary knows that, since the politics of angels are normally lost on humans, but he leaves his questioning for another time.
if you need to therapeutically yell at me
“So you gonna direct me or what, Cas?”
Silence hung heavy. It felt like too many nervous eyes were on him, waiting for his reaction. Dean stared at the ground, trying to breathe through his nose. Trying to stop his head from spinning.
“What’s important is if you want kids or not. And if you don’t, then we won’t have them.”
* * *
“Then the big bang happened,” Eileen continued, throwing a cracker onto the table, its pieces flying everywhere, “and time happened. Split apart. Past, present, future, all at once.”
Castiel smooths his hand across the slightly raised ink of the words on the rough pages; he takes a moment to center himself. The strict instructions he received from Heaven echo through his mind: to observe and record Dean and Lisa’s every interaction and date. No exceptions, no excuses.
Both elbows anchoring onto the bed, Dean clasped his hands together. Might as well do it right.
please let me know what you thought! I am still working on replying to comments from the last chapter, thank you so much for your support and feedback guys. seriously. <3
The forest, only stretching half a mile south of the town, grewer denser than wide. Dean struggled against the branches, pushing against them, hissing when the bare branches cut into his arms and cheek. Vines stubbornly wrapped around his ankles, making him nearly tripping him into the trees.
“Goddammit.” Castiel pivots and swings through the bathroom door. He opens each empty stall. He does a useless circle around the empty bathroom.
He remembers Claire when she was in first grade.
Cas’s chest rumbled as he softly laughed. “You thought the same.”
“Well then your death will be quick,” she hisses at Cas.
“You need to text him immediately,” Sam agrees.
Bob nods. Throws a cell phone; Cas catches it. “Call if there’s any trouble. We’ll be on the south side of the bleachers.” He tilts his head at May, indicating for her to follow.
“What do you think is the most important thing in the world?” Cas asks.
was the one that drove her away, that
Dean flopped on the single bed, kicking his duffel bag out of the way. After a minute of staring at the ceiling, he bent down to rummage in his bag, pulling out his CD player. The disc he already wanted was in it—Sibelius’s violin concerto. It was part of the collection he bought from that bookstore. Cas would probably like it.
Charlie sits in an empty chair at the circular table, the bottom of her cardboard coffee cups landing onto the tabletop with a soft tap. “Bad news?”
Slapping his hands against the counter, he stands. “I’m gonna make up some food. Bacon and eggs okay?”
“You’re not wrong about that,” Dean says, and Castiel feels his heart sink when he hears Dean’s self-deprecating laugh, followed by: “It’s not like this is a good trade-in or anything.”
“Heya Cas!” Dean calls over Lisa’s trailing laughter. “Did ya remember the yogurt?”
The person in front of him, a blonde woman with her hardhat askew, nodded at him. “There you go. Good.”
“I feel fine,” Castiel lies.
, he tells himself firmly.
“Very much.” Castiel eats the burger in two point three minutes to prove the point.
“No, Dad, it’s just… a touchy topic.” Dean reaches over the table as he stands, patting John’s forearm. “Seriously, it’s not you. I’ll go calm him down.”
-Henry David Thoreau, Walden
“What the hell does that mean, ‘too far gone’?” Sam demanded. “Do you mean that you can’t save him?”
“Your constipated face! When your eyes get all squinty and you pout your lips like a runway model. You do it when you’re thinking atypically hard or when something’s bothering you. So, which is it?”
“He helps me do the dishes every night. And he’s quiet. But he insists on following me everywhere, like a damn puppy. Apparently, Heaven told him to ‘observe’ me or something.” In fact, Dean’s surprised that Cas isn’t on this date now with him and Lisa, intently in Dean’s face and taking notes on his behavior.
Cas clutches the neck of the bottle and takes a long swig before Dean can react. Castiel’s eyes grow soft. “With Claire, it was the first time I knew what it felt like to love and care for someone—to protect them at all costs, not just because it was my job, but because it was instinctual. I didn’t think twice when I saw her, when—“ He stops abruptly, gritting his teeth. He looks up at Dean, who doesn’t know whether or not it’s dangerous to try and take the bottle away from him. “I’m supposed to ask you a question,” he states.
Mary looks uncomfortable with her defenses down. “Are you telling me that you know as much about this situation as Dean does? Which is next to nothing?”
“Jack,” Dean said firmly, striding forward. He tightly gripped Jack’s shoulder. “Jack, what the hell aren’t you telling us?”
that follows. He punches a man with one fist and pivots to scissor-chop a man’s neck with the other. Castiel barely sees how many people there even are, barely stacks the odds in the fight: he just knows that Dean is in danger, Dean needs to be helped, Dean needs protection.
It’s unclear how long he stands there, forehead pressed against the cool wood of the door, counting Cas’s breaths.
Placing the book firmly onto the bedside table, Cas sharply stands, forcing himself to start the day.
also.... i was told by an anon (unmaliciously!) that i don't often employ the use cliffhangers.... so this is me being evil and changing my style : )
Across the house, a door slammed shut; the voices in the living room, once leveled, pitched to a higher volume. Dean and Claire shot each other a frown before Dean moved toward the doorway; it Jody nearly collided with him as she came around the corner.
“Today he’s observing me teach you munchkins, so eyes up here and don’t bother him, okay? He has to concentrate and so do you guys.”
Dean tries the usual things: turning it on and off again, making sure it’s plugged in fully, seeing if there’s any updates that maybe is making the computer sluggish. He’s on his back, under the desk and checking the power strip, when Cas approaches.
skeptical look; one that always pissed his brother off growing up (“Stop looking at me like I’m speaking gibberish, Dean!”). “You really can’t use another one?”
,” Dean says.
Sam sighed at Dean’s retreating back; he could see his brother's shoulders heavier with the weight of whatever disturbing scene that future brought for Dean. Sam expected that now he’ll never know what it was.
With another nod, Gabriel stepped into the night. The door clicked quietly behind him.
Now, sitting on the chilly stone of Dean’s doorstep, he doesn’t feel his grace warming him as effectively as before. He glares at the etched concrete of the sidewalk as Naomi’s words echo in his mind, the ones she said as she extracted his grace: “
“Only because it made you laugh.”
“Wish that were the case,” Gabriel said, scratching at his forehead, “but Jack doesn’t sense him on Earth either.”
Rinsing out his fuzzy mouth with Listerine, he shrugged on his coat and stumbled into town.
“We know that you’ve fallen for your cupid,” Sam says nonchalantly before a delicate sip of tea.
Built into the hill, the bunker had a small patch of field at the top, with a few trees scattered around it. When sitting against the tree trunk that faced the south, Dean could see farmland stretching out for miles, the town of Lebanon a tiny dot in the distance. He found Cas sitting here one day, years ago.
“Do you regret loving me?” The question was a whisper, said in barely a voice.
“No shit.” Dean closed his eyes again, as if to speed the process.
It clicked, in that moment. Sam knows now that he should have said something; should have told Cas to take another moment to just… think about it.
where you’re going. No disappearing on me. I was worried about you.”
“Dean… I’m sorry.”
“No. Leave it alone.” Dean’s words are slurred; he pulls away and stumbles over a patch of ice on the sidewalk. His breathing is becoming heavier. “I need to sit down.”
Dean says something loudly obnoxious in Italian that is poorly translated and ridiculous; Sam stifles a laugh, as if he doesn’t want to admit that he finds his brother funny.
“Cas, quit it, come sit down.”
Castiel silently admonishes himself for feeling disappointed that he and Dean wouldn’t be spending another night together. It’s foolish of him to think that Dean would choose Castiel’s company over his soulmate’s. He pulls the notebook from his pocket, handing Dean the small slip of paper with Lisa’s number scribbled onto it. He feels a heavy tug at his chest as Dean punches the numbers into his phone.
“Castiel, we’re under orders to take you to the extraction room,” one of them, who Castiel doesn’t recognize, explains.
“What do you mean, it’s not the same?”
“Yup.” Dean snaps the dish towel in the air before putting it on the counter for dishes to dry on.
“Wait. Your name is Cas—as in, short for Castiel? Are you
“So I’ll just text you some times and days, then?” Dean asks.
“But that’s all they are, Cas,” Dean says. “Threats. Nothing’s actually happened. You’ve been up my butt for weeks; have you seen anyone stalking me? Confronting me personally?” At Castiel’s reluctant dissenting head shake, Dean says, “See? It’s fine. Nothing to worry about.”
With a roll of her eyes, she waves her hand again, rendering him silent. “For an angel millennia old, you can be such a child. Now, let me make this
“What? We are!”
“It’s a lovely sentiment,” Cas says. He has this shit-eating-grin on his face that Dean would very much like to punch—or kiss—off him right now.
Blue eyes nods. Frowns wistfully at the computer. “That’s a shame. I’ll take my chances on another one. Thank you for your help, nonetheless.”
Sam sighs toward the sky. “Good lord.”
A tinny sigh comes from over the receiver. “Yeah. The patterns are pretty clear. I think whatever Vetala is killing in your area, they’re somehow connected to this one. I don’t know why yet, though. Just watch your backs, okay?”
Cas’ heart climbs into his throat as he realizes: Sam hadn’t even told Dean that he would be here.
,” Dean said, slamming his beer onto the railing. “I said to fight and get out together. Not go back to square one, where you could die and start the whole damn thing over again.”
Dean's face twists into a frown at the thought of not being here with Cas in his arms. "Your angel-family sounds like a bunch of dicks," he mutters.
“Ciao, Cas.” Dean flips his phone shuts and yells at it, “CIAO? Who the fuck do I think I am!?”
Dean stays silent. He hopes that it’s enough of an indication for Cas to go on.
Bob’s congenial, open attitude has evaporated, leaving a hunched-over man with hooded eyes, mirroring Dean’s glare, eyes constantly glancing toward his gun.
“Like Spidey senses.”
Cas stares for a moment, then seems to snap out of it. He takes a breath, then takes his tea. “No,” he says simply before walking out of the library.
“I don’t—” Castiel shakes his head. “I don’t think I can—”
Taking a shaky breath, he opens the squeaky door and fumbles into their foyer with his grocery bags.
Dean remembers May; her words. How she could only stand there, paralyzed by the monster, as it killed her sister.
“I have to go,” Cas suddenly blurts out.
“Fine.” Dean closed his eyes and tilted his head back against the seat. “No more bars.”
The thick feeling in Castiel’s chest seems to rise further up to his throat. He hears Anna whisper, “It’ll be okay, Cas,” before he begins to follow the pair down the sidewalk.
“We don’t have bikes, Cas,” Dean says.
“No shit.”
"Anything that happened with... you know... with Cas."
Cas slides to the ground, back against the bathroom door, knees pulled up to his chest and fingers laced. “It’s because we’re friends,” Cas tells him. “’Friends tell friends about their lives so that they get to know each other,’” he adds with a soft smile, quoting Dean’s words from a few days ago.
Lightning struck the ground, yards away from where they stood. Cas stared down at their joined hands. Dean stood, muscles frozen, unable to move as he waited for Cas to respond—to say anything.
Cas turned to Sam, shoulders hunched. “I’d like to go back to the bunker, now.”
Unbuckling his seatbelt, Dean tumbled out of the car, inhaling a deep breath of crisp morning spring air.
Dean ignored the voice. He crouched at the base of the rock pile, reaching his hand toward the inky puddle. The substance seemed to notice his presence as it vibrated just a little faster.
“Yeah.” Dean runs a hand over his face; grimaces at the wide brown eyes that stare, unseeing, at them. “Yeah, that’s Bob.”
Seeing him rake leaves, seeing him be happy with a mother and her son, having the whole and safe life he’s always wanted, knowing that he’ll never fit into that mould, but wanting to all the same.
Dean crawls unsteadily over the mattress to Cas and winds his arms around his sides. Cas immediately tenses at Dean's touch. Dean presses a soft kiss to the side of his head. "Hey," he says softly.
Dean sipped at the weak brew, looking out the large window opening out to the main street next to him with hooded eyes. The low hanging sun indicated he’d been sitting there for a while. He pressed a finger against the cold and rubbery eggs. They probably weren’t good anyway.
“You want some breakfast?” Dean calls over his shoulder. The bacon in the pan gives a loud pop to emphasize.
Dean hauled himself up to his knees, rubbing at his throat. “Yeah… yeah, I can. What—”
“I have no plans. Only what next assignment you give me.”
“I’m sorry,” the man says behind him. Dean glances over his shoulder to see him pushing his wild black hair back with a nervous hand. “I didn’t mean to be rude. I’m coming off a long shift and have to finish this paper by tomorrow and I’m… I guess there’s no other word for it but tired.”
Grinning in a way that makes Castiel nostalgic for how much Dean used to smile around him, Dean nods. “Sounds about right.” He picks up his keys from the entryway table as he asks, “Hey, how come Heaven doesn’t make you, I don’t know, observe me and Lisa’s dates or something? Don’t you want to know how it’s going with her?”
Dean blinks and squints into the dark, waiting for his eyes to adjust. He wishes they hadn’t, once he can see what’s across the room.
“Resentment. I’m… I’m resentful.” Cas stared down at his hands, like he couldn’t believe it.
“Couch is fine,” Dean slurs, pushing Cas away ineffectively.
“Well, I’m free, aren’t I?” he says bitterly.
ANYONE SURPRISED?? ;)
? To find the supernatural?”
about?” Castiel asks, gripping the plain brown book in question between his hands.
Dean grunts questioningly.
with that fancy Ivy-League-educated brain of yours?”
“Anyway,” Sam said firmly, smoothly sidestepping around the issue, “you’re here now. So tell us how we can help.”
She pulls out three stray notebook pages and carefully arranges them onto the table. “First of all, you should be grateful that a cupid—Danny—owes me a favor. He’s the one that collects your notebook at the end of each week to pass on your notes to someone in charge. Did you know that someone reads them over? Evaluates them? Usually Naomi, since she’s just waiting for you to screw
His chin dropped to his chest, breaths coming out in harsher pants. “All right. So, I guess this is the part of the voicemail where the phone should cut me off, huh? Or someone picks up and yells at me for having the wrong number. Happened, once. Was trying to call this girl from 10th grade English. I think she gave me the wrong digits and I—” Dean huffed out a breath, pinching his nose with two fingers. “I’ll leave that story for when I see you. You might laugh at it. So just… sit tight until I can come get you. Okay?”
Sam found Dean on the back porch that night, leaning against the railing and squinting at the star-studded sky. He handed him a beer, which Dean happily took.
Taking a sharp breath through her nose, she says, “You know why we’re friends, Castiel? Because you’re different from the rest of the angels. You display more empathy for humans, and let yourself feel more emotions than other angels let themselves feel; I’ve always admired that about you.” She leans forward, hands pressed onto the table. “But this has gone too far.”
“I didn’t want you to be without one,” Castiel explains, frowning at the mug as if it had done him a disservice. He feels his cheeks becoming warmer. He jumps minutely when Dean claps him on the back.
“Is he annoying, following you around like that?”
Jolted from his reverie, Dean turns to look at Cas. He’s beautiful out here in the sun, of course—even with his stupid socks and his stupid sandals. “Heya, Cas.”
Cas sat underneath one of the trees, his legs tucked up into his chest, his elbows resting on his knees. He smiled as Dean approached.
Castiel leans over the table to read his familiar cursive writing. His heart immediately sinks.
“But... maybe that’s a good thing.” He gave Dean a lopsided grin. “I mean, not the ‘more people to put ourselves in danger for’ thing but… for the other reasons.”
“And you won’t tell me, no matter how many times I ask.”
welcome back, everyone! I'm glad that you are!!
i hope this provides clarity on ... the mindset?... of dean. and why some of the bad stuff from the past went down : )
Cas let out a suffering sigh. Dean tipped his head back, his full laugh ricocheting across the tops of the trees before grabbing Cas’s waist and pulling him back in for another kiss.
“We should have two people at the game talking to people, two people scouting the area for any weird activity,” Dean says.
Dean pulled Chuck away from the wall just to slam him into it again. “You wanna try again?” he growled as Chuck wheezed for breath.
“I can’t make it better, damn it,” Dean shouts. “You just need to focus. You need to think about the good things, not the bad, okay? Otherwise we’re not getting out of here.”
Standing at the trunk of the Impala, trenchcoat clutched in his hands, shivering in the dark and the rain and knowing he won’t come, he’ll never come back, he’s dead, but waiting all the same.
“Dean ate something he doesn’t agree with,” Cas explains as neutrally as possible. “I’m going to take him home to rest.”
Cas pulls away. He props himself up on his elbow and looks up at Dean, who’s chewing his lip in thought, getting that faraway look he gets when he’s thinking.
“Take care of yourself, okay?” Anna says. “I’ll try to come visit you at Charlie’s work sometime; she doesn’t usually let me come, because of the school’s guest policies. But I’ll try.”
“I told you, I don’t know anything about that,” Castiel says.
“Here, drink this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Perhaps.”
don’t tell you anything?” Sam asked pointedly.
“Really?” May scoffs. “Huh. Fooled us on one thing, I guess.”
Castiel is all too aware of how early it is. With his diminished grace rendering him nearly human, he groggily rose from a fitful sleep on a park bench this morning to discover he is
Cas shakes his head. “I wouldn’t worry. Dean and I know where you live; we can keep an eye on you.”
“Oh, uh—Jack and Gabriel are back and have news. Thought you wanted to know.” Her eyes trailed to Claire. “We okay in here?”
not at peace with it,” Dean said, his voice firm. “I get why you did it but you left me, left us, but I…” Dean held out his hands. “You were just… gone. And I had your voice, but—I didn’t even know if that was real.”
Dean says it again, as if there was no way Castiel heard it the first time, “I love you. I’ve loved you since I responded to your craigslist ad for a roommate and we met up in that coffee shop and you took way too much sugar with your tea. I’ve loved you every time you make me that goddamn awful pasta casserole that you think I like. I love you when you smile, when you snap at me for leaving my laundry lying around, when you’re catatonic in the morning before you drink your coffee, when you give me that look with your nose scrunched up like you think I’m an idiot, like you’re doing right now.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says with a smile of his own.
Sam’s phone buzzes in his pocket; he takes it out and grimaces at the screen. “Shit.” He looks up at Dean with his aptly-timed puppy eyes. “I, uh… I forgot to tell you the second part of my plan.”
“How can you act like it’s nothing? Over and over—Jesus.” Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “I should have known better, I really should have but I—every fucking time, it’s the same.”
Castiel shrugs minutely. “Pizzas are traditionally pleasant,” he offers, not sure why his opinion matters.
Dean huffs a laugh. “Well, sure, and talk about other stuff too. If you want.”
“This feeling of being stuck,” Cas says, breaking a moment’s silence, “what does it have to do with Lisa?”
“And she kept avoiding me whenever we saw each other in Heaven.
“This time is different. Things between him and I have been … awkward.”
with me? After what you did? After you violated our laws and changed the natural order of things?”
Charlie laughs. “That’s what I call poor ladies and gents that fall into his trap. Many have tried to love him, few have succeeded. In fact, the only real relationship I think he’s ever been in is with Benny, but there’s been a string of people he’s fooled around with and never called again—a couple of teachers on our faculty hate his guts for that reason actually—“
on the cover. “And then here’s
“Yeah. And he’s asking for you. That’s why I came out here.”
.” His socked feet drag against the slippery wood floor as he shuffles to the study, opening the door and haphazardly throwing his stuff into the room.
Cas imagines leaving, for a brief moment. Finding a bus station and taking a bus at random, to leave Dean and this irreparable pain behind. It’s… freeing.
Cas gives him an exasperated look before opening the front door, the morning light flooding the living room.
Dean is slow to respond, so Sam kicks him lightly in the head, probably thinking he had already fallen asleep.
.” Dean grabs for the cassette tape again, ends up grabbing Cas’ wrist instead. “Seriously, Cas—”
“Better than you probably could protect her,” Dean scoffs. “See ya, bitch.”
“Where did he punch you?” he asks, gently tilting Castiel’s head down to examine it. “Where did you get hurt?”
“Perhaps.”
They walk for a few more minutes, enjoying the subdued sunlight. Dean breaks the silence again by asking, “So, you don’t have anyone up there waiting for you? An angelic love interest?”
“In my opinion, I have done my job to the best of my ability in facilitating Dean and his soulmate to make a connection. Their relationship seems to be a success. I have written down all my observations in here,” he adds with a tap to the notebook.
But it’s easier to ignore, when Dean is an arm’s length away. When he knows that Dean is safe, and warm, and that Cas can go to his aid at a moment’s notice.
“Why not?” Castiel is sitting in the Impala, waiting for Dean to pay for gas inside the station.
thank you so so much for all your feedback last chapter!! i'm so overwhelmed by the number of people sticking with this story, and i'm still working to answer all of your guys' wonderful comments. honestly i can't thank you guys enough<33
“I find listening to all sorts of music helpful,” Cas says.
“You’ll see why eventually,” Dean says. He holds his ankles and leans backward, regarding Castiel with a raised eyebrow. “So? Your question?”
Dean was understandably pissed. He tried to go after Cas and figure out where the hunt was, where he'd gone, but just came back empty-handed. He refused to even look at Sam for days.
It sounds wonderful. “If you insist,” Castiel says with a long-suffering sigh.
“No, I’m good,” Dean muttered, fighting a smile.
Cas frowned at his hands. “The tear. It’s because of my grace. When the Empty threw me in here, it wanted to use me to explode the two worlds. Make it so that nothing would be left. But I created a shell. If I stay asleep, contain it, the tear won’t get bigger.” He shook his head, gritting his jaw. “If I wake up, it’ll be unstable. Everyone—Jack, Sam, Eileen…” A scared look passed over his face, and he glanced upwards. “They all could die.”
“What?”
“Fine,” Dean snaps.
“There
if you want to find me somewhere other than here,
Pushing a sweaty strand of hair from Castiel’s forehead, Dean whispers, “Yeah, it’s me, Cas. I got you, okay? You’re fine. Can you tell me what’s wrong?”
—but he keeps his mouth shut.
Dean finally does laugh. “Cas, I’m not going to teach
“No,” Dean said. “No, no, no—” He tried to sprint away, but the ground pulled at his feet like quicksand. He barely trudged five steps before something twisted around his leg and yanked. Slamming to the ground, his fingers scrambled for purchase as he was pulled backward. He was deposited next to Gabriel, who was nearly covered completely in the black substance.
“I said, what was your proposal last night?”
“This is Cas,” Sam finally says. “He’s, uh…”
“Jesus, Cas, you know what I mean!”
Scoffing, Dean set the glass down. He ran his finger around the rim. “You go first.”
She regards him for a moment, chewing at her bottom lip—Castiel knows now where Dean inherited the habit. “How much has Dean told you about me and my ex-husband?”
“Scurvy takes at least four weeks to develop, Dean.”
“What was the time between the victims disappearing and their bodies being found?” Sam asks, flipping through the papers.
“Angels aren’t immortal, Dean.”
“Do you really think you should—“
“Shut it,” Dean muttered into the empty air, waving his hand in front of his face. The bartender glanced at him before rolling his eyes.
Jack nodded. “Yes. But there’s unfortunately more to it.”
Dean sighs explosively. “Sam, this is the pain-in-the-ass cupid from last night that I was telling you about. Cupid, this is my pet sasquatch, Sam.”
“Goddamn it, Cas, I didn’t mean it that way.”
Sitting in a chair across from Dean’s desk, Castiel says, “Yes, Dean. That’s because it’s cold. Because you left it. Hours ago.”
Gabriel remained alert, holding up a hand for Dean to stop talking. Dean obeyed, straying to hear what his eyes failed to see. The silence throbbed in his ears.
Anna finally rises to her feet. “I should leave.”
His chest heaving in an overdramatic sigh, Dean spins on his heel, his voice drifting from the kitchen as he says, “Sounds like you’re staying in my spare room, then.”
There was a long stretch of silence; it sounded like Dean was barely breathing. Finally, he said into the quiet, “Danny locked me in there. The monster was too strong, and—we were both going to die, we knew it. But he.” Dean made a broken sound. “He locked me in there and saved me.”
“I’ll figure it out.”
John barely noticed Sam climbing into the car with them before they sped down the highway. When he finally figured it out they were already miles from the hotel room. John cursed Sam out and shoved a knife into his hand for protection.
“Concerning the soulmate situation.”
“No, genius, just—
Dean rolls his eyes, then brushes a strand of hair from Castiel’s face.
Cas tapped the laminated sign impatiently. “But what does it mean?”
Claire stayed behind to wait for Donna and Patience to return from their hunt. She ducked her head and hid her tears from Dean as she hugged him goodbye. Miracle had pawed at Dean’s leg, whining, as he gave him one last pet. Kaia had wrapped a comforting arm around Claire’s shoulder as they stood in the driving, watching the car pull away.
“You son of a bitch,” he growled. He felt his muscles locking in that telltale way, his breathing coming out faster. “You son of a goddamn
Dean all but shouts. “With Faith,” he says.. “But we don’t know where they are, so—”
and him, Sammy, not you.”
“Demons,” Dean said. He popped the bread into his mouth.
"Sam, damn it, tell me if he's healed or—"
“Let’s just keep researching,” Dean says, softly. Cas nods in agreement.
“It wasn’t flirting,” Cas sighs, digging a hefty pile of books out of his ratty old backpack.
Dean smiled—placed his hand over Cas’s. The Empty’s puddles of black began to rise into the air around them, dissipating in long, dark tendrils. He wound their fingers together as a blue light glowed from their hands.
“I would consider the milkshake from earlier real food,” Castiel replies, proud of how steady his voice is.
“Fine, just… do
“Dean, please, we can talk about this when I’m home.”
“But you can’t be. The Empty…”
It’s so silent that everyone can hear Castiel’s whiteboard marker drop to the ground in surprise. He is incapable of doing anything but stare at Dean—his beautiful, stupid, confusing Dean—with his jaw agape.
“Three of them? Shit, Cas, were you taking all the suicidal cases or something?”
and that, guys, is the end.
“On the long, scenic path. If that’s all right.”
It has the desired effect: Dean’s face becomes stormy and still. He slowly points a finger at Castiel, jabbing with it in the air. “Don’t you dare bring my family into this.”
then everything went to hell.
“What?” Dean sputters. “That’s just bullshit!”
She folds her hands together on the table and gives him a restrained smile. “Hello, Castiel.”
The mirth in Chuck’s eyes didn’t fade. If anything, his smile got wider. “I predicted this, you know. I
saved the world. And it’s all because you cared.”
Sitting at the kitchen counter, Cas nods. “Dean’s good at taking care of things in the bunker.”
“Any pets,” the man says impatiently behind a shelf, “any pets that would get into your garden and eat stuff when you’re not looking.”
“Who’s that?” Sam asks over Dean’s shoulder. Dean jumps almost a foot in the air.
Midnight shadows jutted across the motel parking lot when he arrived. After checking in, he popped open a bottle of whiskey and laid across the bed to watch infomercials. At three in the morning, he got drunk enough to order Sam a hot pink snuggie before drifting off to sleep. At six in the morning, a very loud truck steamrolled past the motel, jolting him awake.
“I just… I’m wondering what do you think of Lisa?”
With shaking fingers, Dean pulled out the photograph, worn at the edges. He held it in front of her. “Did you see anything like this?”
“Oh, yeah? Then what’s the solution, Cas?”
Dean blinked again. “Huh?”
Obeying Dean’s instructions once the bookshelf is sitting innocuously in the middle of the room, Cas falls to the floor beside Dean and takes the Jim Beam off the table, giving it a courageous swig. “It’s much better this way,” he decides.
Gabriel sighed, shaking his head at Eileen. “Gotta give this boy more ASL classes.”
Cas calmly takes a small sip.“That would be fine.”
Dean sat back on his heels. He closed his eyes briefly at the panic thrumming through his chest. “So your… your grace is gone? Totally gone?”
“Cas,” Dean said, voice shaky.
Jody patted Dean’s arm. “Now before I forget, I got a couple of bedrooms set up for you, Sam, and Eileen in case you get tired. If you want dinner, there’s some in the fridge—Donna attempted to make a hot dish a couple of nights ago before all this end-of-the-world stuff happened, but I think it’s more dangerous than the demons coming out of those portals.”
Dean tipped his face to the side, hand gently grasping his left shoulder, imagining his cheek touching the warmth of Cas’s knuckles.
Although he doesn’t write it, Castiel thinks,
“Hey, Dean.” Sam’s voice comes down the line as a friendly reprieve. “How’s it going over there?”
Castiel blinks. His world halts. “What?”
Dean felt the telltale lock in his muscles. He wiped a sweaty palm against the front of his jeans. “Cas… You don’t have to think about that now, okay? Just—”
Cas scrunches his forehead. “I have two questions.”
Castiel has barely said goodbye to her when the Impala door groans open and Dean tumbles into the driver’s seat. “I got you some chapstick,” he says, cheeks blushed from the cold and eyes sparkling. He reaches out and playfully taps Castiel’s bottom lip. “For those chapped lips of yours,” he explains with a wink.
“Upsetting. You seem upset.”
"Okay. ‘Cause, we can go do something, if you want."
Week #6 had been entomology (Cas had been beaming as Jack got every single one correct, especially the ones about bees)
Jenny looked down at the last question in her notebook (“Name the baseball team with the most Hall of Famers”), then looked up at “Team Kick Some Bass” and winked at Georgie.
And he could feel it now; his rib cage was the cathedral that Cas was building for them, his bones forming the vaulted ceiling and the light that was Cas streaming down through the stained glass of his sternum. Every breath raising the vaulted ceilings and opening up more space for more light and stained glass, Enochian sigils carved into his ribs glowing and light and sound welling up under his skin and deep inside of his bones and bells clamoring and –
Week #12 brought and entire category of sports trivia.
He doesn’t see, so much as he
satisfying to watch Dean break down the art he has created on the plate. To dedicate a few hundred eyes to his hands, another thousand eyes to his mouth. The others scattering around and wandering over Dean’s body taking everything in and letting no cell go unobserved.
And he
Cas who plates, Cas who watches.
.) They briefly tried sitting down to eat together, Cas serving himself a plate of something that tasted like molecules no matter what it looked like, but after the second time with lips pursed and a barely-there-frown, Dean had moved his plate to the side and said he didn’t have to eat to join him. That he could just sit with him. Could talk. Could
Castiel feels his face heat. If Naomi knew the accurate extent of his feelings for Dean, everything would be over.
“Charlie,” Castiel cuts in firmly. “I don’t understand what this has to do with me.”
“If we find you,” Dean cuts in before Cas can respond, his smile edging on a warning.
Dean’s about to give up all hope, when two minutes before closing, the bell chimes someone’s arrival. He looks up from where he’s slumped against the counter.
“It’s because of that fucker,” Dean says, muffled, into his hands. He doesn’t mean to tell Cas that, either, but the last four days have run down his emotional walls and he is tired of them things from each other.
Dean clicks open the door. “We kill her.”
The rough bark of the tree pushes into Castiel’s back as he leans against it with folded arms. His eyes strain as he focuses on the back door of Dean’s school.
Dean’s face breaks into a smile. “You’re going to be the honest-to-God death of me,” he whispers as he pulls Cas’ shirt from his skin.
Dean’s lips found Cas’s. The kisses started slow and mesmerizing, punching the breath out of them. Then Cas’s hands found Dean’s waist, pulling him closer, and Dean’s hand tilted Cas’s chin to deepen the kiss, and Dean found himself somehow pressed against the railing, Cas glued to him like there was no tomorrow. He shivered as Cas’s hands rose to press against his neck, his jaw.
“Yeah.” Dean smiled, relief flooding through him. He held Cas’s shoulder tighter, shaking it lightly. “Yeah, it’s me.”
“We’ll talk about it when we get home,” Dean finally says. He pauses, haltingly asking, “You… you
“I don’t want to hear it,” Dean says, standing.
The figure watched him for a few moments, then turned. Walked faster toward the dock, his trench coat billowing in the wind.
“Why wouldn’t you?”
“You’ve done more than enough. I can take it from here. Capisce?” Dean ruffled his hair, grinning at Jack’s narrowed eyes before turning to Gabriel. “Plan B is that I’ll pray to you instead, since you’ll actually be in that hell hole with me. Your grace should be powerful enough to communicate with Jack and pass on any prayer messages, right?”
“I know, I know. But I had to tell you, Dean—I had this—idea about your Mom—“
“Fine.” A beat. “You know, Cas, if you don’t want to say the shit that hurts me, then how about you start saying what you really mean?”
Always one to answer a cue, Gabriel waltzed in at the tail-end of Dean’s sentence, his arms full with chip bags and cookies from the cupboard. He brightened when he saw Sam and Eileen. “Well, well, looks like our lovebirds are awake. Can I offer you two some breakfast? Ritz chips, maybe some Oreos?”
Dean continued to stare at the ground. He nodded; it didn’t look convincing. “Maybe.”
Scattered horns of cars behind them pierce the air before Castiel can respond. Dean growls, shifts the car into drive, and flies forward.
Cas stops walking; turns to him. “Dean,” he begins. He pauses, frowning down at the dirt at their feet.
“Yes.” Cas rested a hand against the side of Dean’s jaw; Dean leaned into it, desperately, brushing his lips against Cas’s palm. “Yes, of course.”
“He never told me,” Dean says helplessly, feeling a sour twist in his gut as he imagines any of this happening to Cas.
“Well, that’s a pretty big connection,” Sam says. He picks up a case file and examines it with narrowed eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean snorted, looking down at his hands. Dirt was still stuck in them from when he was in Idaho. He needed a shower.
“Yup.” Dean’s treacherous brain is now noticing the way the guy’s long-sleeved dress shirt hugs his arms; the guy’s full set of lips that are lifting at the corners in a smile. “Okay,” Dean says, louder than he should, “let me, uh, let me know if I can do anything else. I’ll be… there.” He errantly gestures to his desk.
Hooking his arms underneath Dean’s, he drags him to May’s downstairs bathroom. It’s cramped, but it has a door that locks and gives Castiel time to think about what in the world to do. He props Dean up against the wall and crouches in front of him, shaking him.
“Kurt Vile. He’s a douche. Sam somehow got his hands on a limited edition tape while they were selling online.”
Cas’s face blossomed into a smile. “There’s no Chuck. No apocalypse.”
The group all bent their heads over the photograph. One of them nodded as their leader handed it back to him.
“Dean?”
“Hi boys,” May says pleasantly. She’s standing a few feet behind her partner, in her usual bright pink coat and make-up excessively pasted onto her face. The only thing that could possibly blow her cover is the fact that she‘s taking long drags of her cigarette.
It was like the world fell away. Nobody else was there, nobody was watching—it was just Cas, whole and alive and a little bruised, lying there in front of him. Dean felt that familiar fracture in his chest, that brokenness that throbbed. But this time he could move forward, step on shaky legs toward Cas. This time he could tip forward, falling on his knees at the edge of the bed, grabbing Cas’s arm which was warm and real and
“No,” Dean scoffs, guiltily looking at the loaf of cinnamon raisin bread that’s clutched in his hands.
“My money can go toward this,” someone says a couple rows back. The rest of the class murmurs their assent.
“I’ll attempt every route I can conceive in order to pair you and Lisa together. If, at the end of my wits, you and Lisa are still not bonded, then I’ll consider my job finished, but not accomplished.” Castiel hopes it won’t come to that. He knows the consequences Heaven will deal to him if it does.
It was his plan. It was his fault.
Jen regarded him with narrow eyes as she blew smoke from the corner of her mouth. Leaning against the trailer, she gestured toward Dean with her cigarette. “Listen. I don’t want to call the police for this. But if I’m gonna have someone barging onto my construction site, putting himself in danger, I gotta know it’s not gonna happen again.”
“You can’t just—zap people with grace and expect to solve the problem!” Sam shouted. “If you do that again, I swear to God—”
“Dean.” Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose. “You hired me to protect you. I can’t do that if you won’t allow me to do so.”
Dean slowed his pace just a little so he could feel the warmth of Cas’s body at his shoulder.
Dean feels a nervous sweat breaking out on the back of his neck. “Uh. What about me?”
“Whatever,” Dean grunts. They sit for a few minutes, watching the chaos on the field in front of them unfold when the referee makes a call that one of the ‘coaches’ doesn’t agree with (Dean doubts that their expertise go any further than wearing the jersey that declares COACH in huge letters on their back). Dean doesn’t know anything about soccer like Cas apparently does, but he does know a drunkenly played, barely skilled game when he sees one.
disappear—it stayed on for the duration of the symphony, which Dean suspected Cas’s grace had something to do with. After the symphony’s last dying note, the host informed the car that the composer was Sibelius.
“Well we should probably… answer it?” Sam says with a shrug.
Dean remembers getting that bookshelf. He found it on the side of the road with a ‘Free’ sign fluttering against its top shelf. Benny put up a fuss about Dean bringing in even more crap into the house and creating more clutter. It ended up in a lonely corner of the living room, inconspicuously shelving Dean’s books that he’s accumulated over the years.
“We’re fine here, Sam,” Dean says into the phone with a telltale wrinkle between his brows. “Just take care of yourself. And pull out if it seems too dangerous. Plenty of hunters in the area that you can get on this without going solo.”
Jody fell into the seat next to Dean, a colorless pile of food on her dinner plate. “Hot dish is ready,” she said flatly.
“I have to apologize for something,” Dean said.
Cas smiled widely, looking up at Dean. “And we can live.”
if you subscribe to my ao3, there will be PLENTY more destiel fic where this came from. promise;)
“Just… a contact.”
“My patience left the building four months ago,” Dean grumbled as he opened the creaky screen door. Vanilla, mingled with the smell of cinnamon, swam through the warm air as he stepped through the threshold.
“No, listen for a second. When Jess died, I would have done anything to get her back. And when Mom lost Dad, she made that deal with Azazel. That’s how all this started.” Sam smiled, a bit deprecating. “I guess it runs in our DNA: killing the world just so we can have the person back that we love.”
The guy laughs softly, “It’s okay. Not everyone does.” Adjusting the strap of his bag on his shoulder, he says, “Let me know what you think of the ending, when you’re finished.”
“I’m human now,” Castiel says, matter-of-factly.
Sam fell silent.
“I just wanted to stop by and welcome you to the neighborhood! We haven’t had a new neighbor around here in awhile, everyone just seems to come in here and like it so much that they never sell! Or they can’t afford to,” she adds with a loud laugh, her head tilted back.
“As charming as the day I met him,” Lisa scoffs. She stands, scooping her purse up from the spare chair. “I told you that this was a mistake. I’m leaving.”
“Dean,” Sam warned.
Instead he presses it soundlessly into Cas’s skin with his lips, his hands, his fingers—
“Teasing, Cas. It’s
“I forgot those were even in there,” Dean murmurs, almost to himself, as he turns into his driveway. He shifts his car into park and turns to Castiel. “Do you like burgers?”
Dean felt the words rising in his throat; he didn’t have the nerve to say them. Gabriel smiled at him knowingly.
“You’re…” Cas’s smile dropped. “No. No, I
The door slammed firmly in his wake as he stepped out into the chilly spring air. Birds chirped obliviously as he leaned against the door, sliding to the ground and clutching at his chest, his breath coming out in panicked pants. Without everyone's eyes on him, he could finally fracture.
them. Well, maybe eventually I would but—it’d be hard. So if I had to choose between the world and the person that made me realize how good the world
Narrowing his eyes, Cas announces, “You don’t have to come with me. In fact, I don’t want you to, if this trip is just a pretext to mock me.”
Cupping his hands around his mouth, he yelled Gabe’s name. Then Cas’s. His voice stopped right in front of him without even an echo.
Cas’ shout of pain is what makes him jump back to his feet quicker than what his screaming muscles tell him. The monster is gone; Cas is completely covered in some black liquid that’s spreading all over him, threatening to cover his face.
okay so this extra chapter entered my brain and would NOT let me go. I like the epilogue, and kept it, but a lot of things felt unsaid between Dean and Cas. So I added a bit more. :)
Eyebrow raised, Cas says in that voice of his when Dean is doing something stupid and he doesn’t approve, “Dean. What’s going on?”
“I’m not in love with anybody,” Castiel says, also rising from his chair. “You know that I have the tendency to get too close to humans; forming friendships that our brothers and sisters have frowned on. I have a history of it. And now, with my lack of grace, I’m more emotionally compromised—I’m simply getting too close to the job, and I don’t understand my role in the situation.”
Cas blinked. Looked down at the CD, then back at Dean. Something dawned in his face as he ran his fingers over the CD, staring at the cover. “You bought this,” he said. “At a records store.”
“I can’t speak for all angels, but it will take a lot for me to ‘run for the hills’ and resign from this mission,” Castiel replies. He is frustrated by the fact that Dean looks so calm sitting at the table, as if nothing just happened, and meanwhile Castiel’s heart rate refuses to slow down.
“Me neither. But I’ve been bouncing around a theory in my head. And I’m wondering—”
” Dean’s voice was nothing but a scratchy whisper, it was all he could manage. “It isn’t my choice for you to be a lunatic, put your life in danger—” His voice broke with another round of hacking coughs.
Cas’s voice sighed. Dean could practically hear the trademark eyeroll.
A stream of light, concentrated and large, blasted around them. Dean covered his head with one arm, his other hand still holding onto Cas tightly as Cas’s body began to morph into something large, terrifying—his wings tattered and drooping but still fierce and bright. Cas moved a giant arm made of pure light, pointing it toward the shadows. The Empty screamed in pain as the blast of light slammed into it, shining brilliantly until Dean had to close his eyes against it.
“Her name’s Fluffy,” the man offers.
He turned onto his stomach, his hands scrambling at the concrete. The black substance pulled at him harder, overpowering him.
The third time is, of course, the straw that breaks the camel’s back. Because it’s John that asks the third time, and worst of all, he’s not even trying to be a dick about it (which, to Dean, is a first).
Cas and Dean exchange a look.
“That’s the shuttlecock theory,” Sam piped in.
. And as stupid as Dean finds the conversation, he can’t look away. Here’s Cas, finding a kindred spirit, a beautiful young woman who’s probably just his type—intellectual, bright, cheerful.
“Dean,” Cas said firmly. He placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Dean, you’re dying.”
Dean clenched his jaw, briefly rubbing at a soreness in his chest. First time he saw Cas as a human, he was having orgies and miserable. Second time, he was homeless and could barely look Dean in the eye. Third time… well, the third time it was Dean’s plan that got him this way. He closed his eyes briefly, seeing Cas’s tattered wings stretching across a grey sky.
Eileen nodded, smiling. “I think will.”
Cas’ face is particularly pale when he takes the book back. He puts his hand on the cover, says softly, “I’ve learned a lot, in the past year. I know it’s your rule to not talk about it, and I respect it, but… I really have.”
But seeing the blackness—the way Cas was smiling, like this was his purpose or some
now,” Dean hissed, “before I put a bullet in your very human organs. Got it?”
“So holding hands,” Cas says.
He does his usual routine when contending with technology: check the plugs, restart it, make sure the wall sockets are working.
“Uh, well…” Dean coughs. “I guess people cuddle but… I’m not takin’ that leap this soon, dude, no offense.”
“You were right,” he says. “This is a beautiful lake.”
for this, Dean!”
Dean’s not sure why he’s holding his breath; especially not sure why his chest constricts to a painful pitch when Cas replies, softly, “I don’t have much experience with what you’re describing.”
“Why did he say that?” Sam asked.
It should have been Sam, suffering through the trials. It should have been him having nightmares that made him moan through the night, should have been Dean that was lying in his room with a pillow over his head, trying to block out the sounds of his brother suffering. It shouldn’t have been Cas standing in front of Dean’s door, a hand and a forehead against it, eyes squeezed shut, moving not an inch as he kept watch over him every night, all night.
-Henry David Thoreau, 'Walden'
“October 3, 2016.”
Sam stood in shocked silence as Cas' bellow echoed through the valley.
he remembered Eileen saying.
A bell obnoxiously announces his arrival as he pushes open the rusty screen door. He’s greeted with shelves upon shelves of sloppily organized garden supplies, seed packages, and planters. There’s a counter tucked into the corner with a cash register valiantly craning its neck up from the cluttered mess that surrounds it.
Cas’s voice commented.
“She understands what’s going on even better than we even do,” Sam added.
call the cops, okay? You’re trespassing. And don’t go scaring my guys like that again.”
“So you found us,” it says. It’s Faith’s voice, but superimposed with another that’s pitched three octaves lower.
“What’s your favorite memory of him?” Sam had asked. It was a few weeks after Cas died, when Sam was deep in the mourning trenches with Dean. Eileen had gone to bed long ago, but Sam stayed up with Dean like he usually did those days, drinking with him at the war table.
you thought you got rid of me?? NAY, FOR I AM BACK.
Cas lets himself be hugged—smothered, rather—against the taller man’s broad chest. Cas’ face is pressed into Sam’s shoulder, and he can smell the familiar bunker-Winchester-scent. “It’s so good to see you,” he hears Sam exclaim from above.
“Quiet, Cas.” Dean dabs antiseptic onto a cotton ball and gently presses it to Castiel’s forehead, where the source of the bleeding is. It makes Castiel’s skin sting. Dean looks at it more closely. “It looks superficial. But I’ll put a bandage on it so you don’t bleed spontaneously.”
Outside the shell, he could hear him:
“Little shit,” Dean grumbles; he softens it with a grin and a poke into Cas’ side.
“Don’t you dare apologize,” Dean warns. “Don’t you apologize for—something that’s so—“ Dean growls in frustration when words fail him, and instead depends on action: he cups Castiel’s cheek with one hand, pulling Castiel forward by the shirt with the other. Dean’s lips impatiently seek his, and Castiel shivers when he feels Dean deepen the kiss, pressing their chests warmly together.
Sam, saving the day as usual, does a dive toward Dean and smacks him over the head with a box to stop his panic attack in its tracks.
His sneakers squeak as he stumbles onto the bus, feeding the quarters into the coin tray. He sits in the very back of the empty bus, settling against the window. Content to sit there forever, and forget the events of the day, he looks at the city lights and people whooshing by on the sidewalk, mind blissfully blank and numb from the cold.
They work in a well-rehearsed rhythm: Dean handing Mary green peppers to chop with one hand while he stirs sizzling ground sausage in the frying pan with the other, Mary chopping garlic and brushing it into the pan from the cutting board without Dean even requesting it. They do this all the while discoursing and occasionally laughing about their day to each other. Castiel can see that they have made this meal countless times together.
“Dean’s probably told you all the lies about me and Mary, huh?” he asks him with a smile that’s far too manic to be genuine.
Dean wasn’t on board for kissing earlier in the night with Lisa, but oh man is he on board for kissing Cas right now. He begins to lean towards Cas, sucked in by Cas’ inevitable gravitational pull.
Closing his eyes in relief at someone,
Castiel resists an eye roll as he stands behind a chair across from Dean, hands clasped behind his back. “I promise I won’t interfere with your day-to-day activities.”
“To be a kid,” Cas finished softly for him.
Her smile drops, clearly caught off-guard by his blunt question. Before she can say anything, Dean and Sam tumble into the dining room with steaming pizzas balanced precariously on either of their hands.
“Well, Cas, I would have
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “Jesus.”
Castiel tilts his head with a slowly stated, “I don’t understand.”
Claire slammed her good hand against the counter, the glass of water vibrating. “Don’t give me that—that
him to come over, so they could talk or some bullshit…” Shaking his head, Dean says firmly, “but I’m done talking about it.”
Parking a little ways from the lake, Faith announces, “Here!”, causing Cas to minutely jump. The passenger door creaks as Cas steps into the chilly fall air. His skin prickles from it.
“You’re going to give him back,” Dean said, his voice ascending. “
“Yes.” Jack didn’t break Dean’s stare. “I have to make sure the antimatter can’t leak out anymore. That
Sam hesitated; the last thing Cas needed at that moment was a lecture of ‘I told you so’ from Dean. “You sure?”
Anna walks closer to them, standing straighter and resting her fists on her hips. “So, Gadreel, they’ve got you on muscle duty now, huh?” she mocks.
Dean took a steadying breath. It wasn’t like he hadn’t been with a guy before. Sure, it was usually hurried and cloaked with shame when he’d sneak back into the hotel room where John or Sam were sleeping, but… it wasn’t unusual.
also,
“To be in company, even with the best, is soon wearisome and dissipating… I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.”
The wind whips Cas’ coat; the sky has turned black and brooding above their heads.
Dean looks at his shoes for another minute, avoiding Castiel’s eyes. Castiel resists the impulse to reach his fingers through one of the links of the fence, touch his arm comfortingly, clasp his wrist; some way to touch him without it being inappropriate. Some way to soothe the tension from Dean’s hunched shoulders.
“When’s the last time you slept?”
Dean heard the rumbling before he saw them. He stopped. His blood turned cold.
Charlie’s eyes focus onto Dean’s face. “Your face has that constipated look. What’s wrong?”
“The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.”
“I can’t remember that part,” Dean says with a shaky breath. “Just the bad stuff. I’m feeling it all.” He winces. “I’m remembering… god damn it, I’m even remembering Danny.”
Dean swatted a branch out of the way. “Oh, good.
Cas had grabbed both Dean’s arms, whirled him around to face him. Cas said, breathlessly,
Cas’s footsteps echoed across the room as he carefully walked to the dresser. His finger across the frame of collaged pictures that Dean had assembled. Cas’s lips turned up slightly when he saw the picture of himself in a cowboy hat next to Dean.
“No, Sammy, wait—“ Dean’s knee knocks into the table as he rises to follow his brother down the hall.
Dean and Cas seem to fall into a comfortable rhythm with each other. That is, until Cas decides to bring up Lisa again.
“Let his stubbornness drive him into the ground, he’ll sleep then,” Anna mutters back.
Nodding, Cas follows Dean off the path, through the tall grass. Falling onto one of the boulders with a sigh, Cas brushes some dirt off his khaki shorts. Dean remains standing, arms crossed over his chest.
“You need sleep, Dean.” Mary’s eyes flicker to Castiel’s, and her voice lowers. “He’ll get better without you being here all day every day, you know. Let us take care of him, too.”
“When cupids interfere,” Castiel continues, resisting an eye roll, “they become assigned to the soulmate that is resisting the bond. My job is to investigate why you are resisting the bond, and to help you form a connection with Lisa.”
(also, in regards to my fic the pre-getting-together-angst is ending very very soon, i promise. i can't take much more myself, honestly!)
After losing Claire’s memories of him forever, there was a point: there was Dean. Now, he doesn’t even have Dean’s friendship.
“Where was it?” Dean asked.
Lowering his hands, he folded his arms together. Heavy and tired of holding it up, his head dropped onto them. The door across the room grew fuzzy as he stared at it for long, measured moments; he heard the trees rustling outside, warning of a spring storm.
“I suppose that’s true,” Cas concedes.
It takes Dean three reads and a full five minutes to comprehend it. He finally snaps from his reverie, running to the kitchen where Bobby and Charlie are arguing whether or not to put parsley in the chicken noodle soup.
“In a minute.” As Sam walked across the porch, Dean called over his shoulder, “Make sure Cas comes out for dinner, okay?”
The shortest one in the group straightened, raising an eyebrow. “We’re not supposed to talk to strangers.”
At the end of the stressful day, Dean finds Cas in his usual spot: at the table in the teacher’s lounge. “Ready to go?” he asks, pasting on an obnoxiously bright smile. Cas has been passing his time not observing Dean by reading
“I see.” Cas closed his eyes again, settling back against the headboard. He trailed a hand through Dean’s hair. “Well, I have a theory.”
There was a pressure behind Dean’s eyes where moisture gathered at the corners. Leaning forward, he grabbed Sam into a tight hug. “Thanks,” he choked out.
Eyes flickering everywhere but on Cas’ face, Dean grunts out a simple, “Hey.”
“Maybe,” Cas tonelessly replies.
Dean scoffed, holding the mouth of the beer bottle to his lips. “I’m not avoiding—”
“Friends?” Castiel tastes the foreign word in his tongue. Claire called him her ‘best friend’ a few times during her life. He researched the definition for this idiom, but found the description never fit what he felt for her. He thinks that maybe the word ‘friend’ could apply to Dean.
“I was in Heaven,” Castiel explains when Dean has finally looked at him again.
He rounds the corner of the building and leans against the brick wall, chest tight. He blinks into the bright sun, staring at the treeline and expansive field in front of him, trying to find his equilibrium. It’s calm; the birds are chirping cheerfully—ignorantly. Maybe he could stay out here forever.
Begrudgingly, Cas accepts the apology. “Thank you, Dean.”
“The victims were married,” Cas says, the frown in his voice. “At least, the majority of them. If anything, pretending to be a couple can help draw the monster in, as bait.”
Dean straightens and turns to face him. “Try me.”
“Never mind.” Dean turns on his heel and walks away from the kitchen. “I need to get ready for work. Just, can you leave and come back when I’m dead?”
Dean worked his jaw, blinking at the weapons splayed across one end of the table, at the wall covered in post-it notes of locations and names. Sam, with a surprised laugh, said, “Jody, it’s…
Dean rubbed at his chest, frowning. “Yeah, uh… guess so.”
Dean squints into the afternoon light at the gated community before him. There are rows and rows of houses; all looking more or less the same. A quintessential newer development neighborhood, unassumingly standing before him.
“It seems logical to give her another guardian angel, then,” Castiel says, his hands hidden against the small of his back so that Naomi can’t see his clenched fists.
“Oh, goody,” Dean says.
“You could really get hurt, Dean!” Castiel shouts above him. “This isn’t a damn game. No matter what your problem is with me, or with having protection in the first place, you have to face the facts.”
As he’s looking at Cas, that hug they shared a few nights ago flashes through his mind. How significant it felt; how
Spacing out was something else Cas did a lot when he first became human.
“Yeah, well, it is what it is.” Dean glances at Cas before looking away again. Cas continues staring at Dean’s profile.
Sam groans into his coffee. “You’re gross.”
Dean straightened up taller. “I can find him.”
Dean wrinkles his nose. “Never got into him. Didn’t like his style.”
Kneeling under the desk to reset the power strip, Dean asks, “So why this computer? In particular?”
. Not when all Castiel has offered Dean in the past week is unnecessary stress.
“I’m not fine yet,” Cas told Dean softly. “So you don’t have to be either.”
John gestured to the corner. “If he's alive, he better have a fucking good explanation” He reloaded his gun, slung it over his shoulder. “I’m gonna get the gasoline and burn this son of a bitch.”
His name was Danny.
“Well, not always, maybe. But he started drinking when I was, I dunno, in high school or something.” Dean shakes his head with a scoff. “And he never shaped up.”
“Oh,” Charlie says, dropping her hand. She eyes Dean suspiciously. “But you said he’s observing you from the community college?”
Dean glanced up at Cas. “Like grace you had already put in me or something?”
“A Vetala,” Cas says softly beside Dean.
Cas frowns at his book as his finger outlines the gold-lettered title. “Your father was always like this?”
Dean remains frozen, staring at the figure ahead, white knuckles clutching the steering wheel.
Barking out a surprised laugh, Dean grinned. “Yeah. Yeah, sounds like a perfect last meal.” He flicked Sam’s cheek in response to his brother’s disapproving look. “C’mon. I’m starving.”
He was met with a wall of black.
He’s halfway down the hallway when something grabs his shoulders, pushes him into the wall. Cas leans in close.
He figured it out by accident, on a drive with Sam and Dean. The tape deck was being fussy (something Dean had yet to fix), so Dean tuned the radio to something that resembled classic rock. One minute Sam and Dean were arguing about who killed the last vampire in that nest—“My gun
“Dean,” Sam sighed, all-suffering.
“Yeah, dummy. If you die on the job, well then that makes it my fault, doesn’t it?”
It was unpracticed, hurried. Their hands bumped against each other as Cas tried to shimmy out of his jeans the same time Dean tried to pull off his own. Their legs tangled together as they both fell on the bed. Dean had to give Cas a full minute to just grab at Dean’s butt, clearly losing his mind.
“An inevitably successful coping strategy,” Cas says, deadpan.
Cas crinkles his nose in confusion. “I do not understand why you and Sam insist on calling yourself mean names.”
“Fail to see—are you—“ Dean sputters. He pinches the bridge of his nose and squeezes his eyes shut to the headache coming on from Cas’ stubbornness. He grits out, “Fine. Here.” Shrugging out of his leather jacket, he takes Cas’ arms and forces them into the sleeves. “At least wear this so you don’t die of cold.”
“He found my note,” Cas says.
Cas picks up the book, holding it protectively. “He gave it to me to borrow.”
Cas would then explain that he knew the supernatural creature responsible and how to kill it; that he could be of use .
The anger swelled and crashed into Dean as he spun on his heel, coming chest-to-chest with Gabriel. “For just a goddamn
The room was like every other one of its clones in the bunker: a double bed pushed up against the far wall, a desk tucked into the dark corner. But there was also a stereo on the desk, with a stack of CDs next to it. Extra blankets were folded at the end of the bed, some soft, some thick. A fresh, unused pillow sat against the headboard. A nondescript, brown lamp was on the bedside table—also a score from the Goodwill bargain bin.
“It’s…” Castiel wets his dry lips, staring at a broken link in the chained fence. “It’s not important.”
Sam walked to the door, glanced over his shoulder. He waited long enough to see Cas open his eyes, fixing Dean with a very belligerent look.
It’s like Dean’s waking nightmare. He thought that Cas forgot that night—that he was too drunk to recall it. Dean, however, has run through the scene almost every night, sleepless and staring at the ceiling of his bedroom. To Cas’ question, he’s silent.
focused on his task, Dean likely would have lost that hand.
Cas’ human form is there, solid and still pressing down on him, still looking bitten and mussed. But around him – oh, around
They'd been trying to be less like the local cryptids ever since things got... normal. Or at least as normal as they were going to get. And who knew what a world with free will would end up looking like in the next few years anyway?
Or as normal as things could be with wings and eyes and swirling rings and what he was now pretty sure was a deer head with a lion’s mane above Cas’ human head. He thought he was starting to perceive other heads as well, but Dean’s eyes were already skittering away and he felt like his skull was ready to split open even as Cas tried to soothe him with his grace.
There is a blinding burn of light on the other side of his eyelids. White hot heat on his skin and the snapping whoosh of feathers and the sound of otherworldly bells. The air is made of ozone and petrichor and creosote and fire and brimstone and it's thick enough to taste. It’s the same scent as a smiting and it’s gone in an instant along with the light, only a faint waft lingering in the air.
Dean knows. He
It takes weeks and months and he thinks he's starting to get the hang of it. Waking to the flash of anger and the wailing sense of loss every morning. Pushing through the pain to mop floors and stock shelves and make small talk with coworkers and strangers alike. He thinks that maybe, just
“Dean. I’m going to ask again – what did you do with the Cartwright Twins?”
Dean tries to take it all in. He thinks there might be a deer’s head or an anetelope’s above Cas’ own human one but it’s bathed in shadow. Massive spiraling wings; feathers slick-dark-rainbow like oil, some laying sleek and smooth and others bent and burnt, skeletal bones warping underneath. The whirring bell-like call of rings; scratched and singing dull and dented gold. The blue-white fire of grace; emanating off in beams, dripping and pooling within and glowing tendrils of light sneaking out. Pinned under the gaze of a thousand eyes; some bruised and bloodied, some clear and incomprehensible colors, some clouded milky cataract blind and absolutely
The peal of old bells grew louder as his hand drew closer to the ring itself, clamoring inside his head as his fingers hovered mere millimeters above the ring. Or maybe it was miles… his perception was starting to get muddled and skewed again.
“Yeah.” It’s rumbling and soft and Cas can feel it between their chests, sees the discomfort and the honesty in Dean’s expression. “It was just… a lot.”
Everything was normal again.
That Cas doesn’t eat had been awkward at first. He could see on his face that eating wasn’t enjoyable (he still wonders what molecules taste like), but he still wanted the company. He wanted that weighty stare on him at all times, to have it press on every inch of his body. To have it pin him down and fill him, licking up his insides and burning him in the best way possible. An Enochian brand throughout his entire body – every bone, every tendon, every cell, claimed to the very marrow of his bones in the name of Castiel.
"I like to think it's because of my perky nipples." Her face hardened, her dæmon growled low in his throat, and Prosper lowered her head aggressively. "I don't know. It wasn't my doing, I don't know who pulled me out."
talking about this. "Sammy, did Kevin's God notes say anything about-"
They stared at each other over their clasped hands. Maybe it was the sunrise, the way it was tinting everything in soft colors, but Cas looked beautiful like this. Glowing darkly, his eyes an unexpectedly light blue and so damn gentle as he looked back at Dean. Then Dean blinked, and Cas was
Over the course of their life, Prosper had seen and done plenty of things she would have never imagined. Basically all of it, honestly, from the night of the fire and on down the line. They'd fought and killed just about every supernatural creature under the sun, and under what passed for the sun in other worlds. They'd met, befriended, and subsequently lost the most amazing people. They survived the devil, demons and angels, Leviathan and witches and the Darkness herself. Thinking about it collectively, it was beyond comprehension, much less imagination.
"You said it to Kevin," Temperance said.
"No, Prosper, it's not," Sam said, soft and emphatic.
"I think it was me," Cas said, squinting as he glanced up at the now-blue sky. He looked back at Dean, his eyes clear, as easy to read as words on a page, blaring it out like a neon welcome sign. "How could it not be me?"
But none of that compared to what it felt like to sit in the back seat beside Gallant, to look forward and see the long curtain of Mary's hair, her profile as she turned toward Dean.
"The door is open," Castiel said. He reached out swiftly with his grace to confirm this.
Castiel looked around. He appeared to be back in heaven, or rather, an illusion of heaven. He was standing in one of the countless halls that held the entrances to the individual paradises of the souls housed within. The door before him was as blank as all the rest; Castiel could not feel what lay beyond it.
"This is the first opportunity I've had to ask," Cas said, his gaze moving between Dean and Prosper. "Did everything go alright with Benny and Evangeline?"
"Ash!" Dean said, slapping his palm down against the counter. "Focus. That's not what this is, alright? Now, just - " He motioned at the laptop, " - do your thing already."
"Yeah, but in public? With other people? What if he goes all Damien?"
If they were talking at all, it was so quietly that Dean couldn't pick up on the words. Prosper and Temper had their heads together, Temper with her wings half-open like she could fly away at any moment but was choosing to stay, Prosper hovering over her, breathing her in with great whuffing breaths. Gallant butted his head against them both, purring audibly. Dean watched them, his breath slowing, his heart steadying. This was what mattered, this was all that had ever mattered. Whether they saved the world or damned it, they would do it like this. Bound together by chains of Dust. This time when Sammy looked at him, Dean nodded in answer.
Nomi curled her tail up against her spine and the back of her head, her gaze darting from Kevin, to Prosper, back to Kevin again. "He's quick," Prosper reassured her, settling back to sit next to Cas, as naturally as she would sit next to Dean or Sam.
"Which should suit our purposes," Lovelace surmised.
Something in Dean's chest pulled tight, stretched and screamed and tried to snap apart.
"Look at this one," Dean said gruffly, fondly, tapping a finger against the picture he was holding. The rest were spread out across his leg. "What the hell are you, even?"
"I'm not lying." She looked away, over at Sam, her hand drifting down toward her dæmon, and that's when Dean knew for sure. These guys were freaked. He pushed. "But I'd like to find out, so if you wouldn't mind enlightening me, Flo."
"No, you don't understand," Viridius said. He looked at Daphne.
"Prosper," he said, in his deep, long-suffering rumble. If he had a dæmon, Prosper would be hovering over it, burying her nose against its fur, or feathers, or scales, reassuring it and Castiel that she wouldn't let anything harm them. As it was, she couldn't even talk. Thankfully, Dean leaned down to take the weasel creature from her mouth, slinging it over his shoulder indifferently.
"North Cove, Washington," he tossed over his shoulder, heading toward the door.
"Baby." It was too damn cold for anyone to be sleeping outside by choice, but when push came to shove, the cold had never been much of an issue for Dean. He opened the door and let Prosper go in first, following after and shutting it hastily behind them. He stretched out along the seat with a relieved groan; he wasn't a kid anymore and Bobby's floor was hell on his back. "C'mere," he said, moving his arms out of the way, and Prosper scrabbled over him, dropping down warm and pleasantly heavy against his torso. Dean threw one arm over her and tucked the other beneath his head. It had been a while since they had been this close. Thinking back, the last time had probably been when he was in the hospital, after Alastair. He didn't know why it was so difficult for them, why it was so hard to have her close, such painful relief to push her away. But tonight everything between them was easy. Dean ran his hand up and down her back, felt her huff peacefully against his chin. "Where were you all night?"
Crowley took a step back, as something large and black plunged down the hallway toward him, and Sam threw himself forward, burying the knife into the dæmon's neck the minute it came into reach. The dæmon, a panther, didn't scream, but its demon further down the hall did, the sound cutting off abruptly as it dissipated into ash. Temperance's wings flared out, and she flew straight into the face of the second demon as it closed in on them, her talons outstretched. He batted her away like she was nothing, tossing Sam aside in the process, but then Mary was there, thrusting the angel blade up into his chest. Crowley stepped around her before the demon even dropped, strolling down the hall.
Mary stopped and turned around, but it was Gallant who spoke for them. "Is that so? I don't see any difference."
Dean cleared his throat, and Sam and Mary turned, revealing a young man, standing beside the brightly painted depiction of the apple tree, his name spelled out among the fruit. There was a yellow snake coiled along his naked shoulders, her tail wound around one arm, her head lifted in watchful curiosity. Both of their eyes were golden, shining in the darkness.
When an angel took a vessel (as if putting a fancy word on it made it something other than possession), there was nothing struggling underneath, not from what Prosper had seen. The dæmons were empty shells, no better than souped-up zombies. The angels weren't aware of them at all, outside of their use in battle. There was no trusting something like that. Prosper would sooner trust a twister.
"I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition," the man answered, low-voiced and deeply graveled, like the warmest rumbling of an engine, like all the sound was coming directly from the depths of his chest and bypassing his throat entirely.
Castiel tried to laugh, or smile. Instead he felt his face do something wobbly and jagged. "And handsome," he grated out, stroking a finger along Constant's beak.
"So you'd come with me? To eat dinner?" Cas nodded. "And you'd actually eat?" Cas squinted, nodded again. "Okay, just checking. Didn't know how you felt about the food up here."
"Huh," Adam said, rubbing his thumb and index finger across his chin in consideration. "That'd be some twist, wouldn't it? Make peace with Satan himself, the guy who did his best to torture and kill us for hundreds of years and also wants to destroy the earth." He made a face. "You know what, I think we'll pass."
"It means we've already got what's important," Prosper answered for him. She sat up, pulling away from Temperance and returning to her spot between Dean's feet, standing guard over him, sphinxlike.
"I can't believe it," Temperance said. "I can't believe he's gone."
Castiel set the cassette tape beside Dean's laptop, pulling the desk drawers open one by one. Pens with their ends marked with the imprint of Dean's teeth, a stack of colorful, well-thumbed pornographic magazines. A collection of false identifications, most of them bearing Sam and Dean's faces, a handful showing Castiel's. Stray bullets that rattled and chimed against one another. But no Colt.
"Hi," the woman said, smiling down at Castiel, who immediately looked away. "What's your name?"
, Dean imagined being able to say.
"Would you quit complaining?" He pushed away from her, climbing back to his feet and snatching up the empty glass.
"You do that," Prosper said flatly, and left. And she hadn't thought of Dean since, or Sam or Castiel, except to marvel on occasion at how amazing it felt to no longer need or want them.
, Sam."
"They're scared, okay? Scared of whatever had the juice to yank me out." Sam looked away, his lips grimly set. "We're dealing with a bad mofo here. One job at a time." That seemed to settle them both, for the moment at least, but Temperance still watched the diner long after it was lost to sight by the rest of them.
"No," he said sharply, before she could start. "Not even going there. C'mon, I'm freaking out enough over -" He stopped, choking on his own words. It was impossible, he couldn't admit it, even to himself.
"You didn't used to." He turned his head to look at her.
But not today. He wasn't at home, and Dean drove through pinwheeling scenery for what felt like hours looking for him, and the goddamn road, the stupid Axis Mundi, kept bringing him back to Sam's empty house.
in heaven. And not problems like gateways to hell blasting open, or the four horsemen of the apocalypse rolling out onto the world, or angels falling to the earth. Just normal problems, like a pipe busting, or a board coming loose on the steps, or even a goddamn mole moving into his yard.
