“Dad? You in here? The lady said to be careful ‘cause you guys might be sleeping or something even though I thought that was kinda crazy because like you just got here,” ah, yes. His blabbermouth that sometimes impersonates as his soon who had been bouncing off the walls in excitement for a solid three weeks. Tony gets off the rocking chair, carefully like the bundle will explode, and moves to the door. He’s still going out there. “And honestly, with something this important why would you even be sleeping. I didn’t want to say anything because oh my God—"he’s finally noticed Tony in the doorway. “That’s a baby. Oh my God, she’s
“Rogers,” the man starts and he’s still not looking at Steve. The blond doesn’t know why, but he keeps quiet. There’s a look of introspection on the other man’s face that advices the soldier that he best keep his mouth shut. “I would threaten you, but that’s not quite effective for us. Anything I might want to do to you, Tony can do a thousand times over even if he never would. No matter how much you deserve it. So, that’s not what I want to talk about. Though I hope it goes without saying,” and the Colonel turns to look at him and Steve is man enough to admit that he feels fear crawl down his spine. This isn’t Rhodes, Tony’s platypus or honey-bear or whatever other affectionate name he wants to call him, the man in front of Steve now is Lieutenant Colonel James Rupert Rhodes, War Machine. This is the man who’s fought in the Air Force longer than Steve has even been awake, this is the man who has piloted a suit of armor, fought robot armies, taken care of Tony Stark for years. “That if I ever catch wind of you doing this sort of shit again, I will take whatever piece my brother leaves of you and obliterate it. You got that?” At Steve’s shaky nod, he looks away. “Now, I’m going to tell you something. Something that Tony might hate me for sharing, but I’m going to do it anyway. Because I see it, you know,” there is pure anger swimming in Rhodes’s eyes. “I see the way you still look at him like
“What happened?” Sam asked him gently ever the best at handling emotional situations like this. “You guys were fine, I thought. You looked happy.”
For those of y'all who have hung around this long and keep sending loving, encouraging messages, I wanted to tell you all how thankful I am. I'm sorry I didn't get back to everyone individually.
“Oh, hell no, I’m not staying here for this,” Rhodey says as he wipes his hands on a rag. He motions for Steve to hand over the baby as the soldier blushes at the intense gaze of the other man. “That was a disgusting display of domesticity, but I can’t keep letting you both traumatize him. He’s an impressionable bot,” he tickles Nate’s tummy to get himself a quiet giggle and some choice words. “Tony, use protection!” he throws over his shoulder as he leaves.
, you should,” Rhodey bites out. One of his hands grabs Tony’s him and pushes him behind him, a little roughly.
family safe, Mr. Lang,” he said, and though he was still speaking quietly he knew that the blond had heard him. He caught the quirk at the side of that perfect mouth, and then the other man was gone.
“You have no idea what the fuck you’re talking about,” Tony says quietly, and his eyes don’t drop from the other man’s.
, Tony,” he hates the way his voice breaks. Tony stands on his tip toes and kisses him then, full on the mouth and filled with promise.
,” he said with a sardonic smile, “I’m still the dumbass that would rather set himself on fire than watch you all die.”
Finally, Tony sits him down one day when Rhodey has taken the little girl on her stroll around the compound in an effort to get her down for her nap. At six months, Morgan is fascinated by everything. She babbles at the air like all her friends are there, and gurgles and giggles whenever she sees one of them. She hardly cries; she loves baths and story time before bed. Most of all, she loves Tony taking her to bed in his room, holding a dusty picture frame and telling her the stories of everything she missed. Most of all, whispering the words, “
It was a safe bet to guess where they had gone after that. Now, the donut space ship shit was gone. And with it his family.
the shwarma they’d ordered was… the Steve that was part of all those small snapshots Tony held so dear, so coveted, it was crushing to see that Steve and have him be so overshadowed by the Captain and the shield that had been imbedded in his chest.
for me no matter what, and I—I didn’t mind, I guess. Any—anything you all gave me, I figured it was enough, but,” Tony chuckled quietly. He felt like laughing, really, as the realization made itself a home in his heart.
when he gets angsty. Tasha merely rolls her eyes and grabs his arm. He goes up without much more than a grunt, though once he’s on his feet he begins his tirade again; T’Challa and Tony look on with faint amusement at the moment as Rhodey tries to tug his arm away and
He knows about Edwin, too. He knows how much he means to the mechanic. Not because he’d told him about him, but because he’d given enough clues for anyone who had been paying attention to know. Steve feels a curl of intense self-loathing when he thinks about the fact that AI JARVIS had been created as a… not a replacement, but as a way to fill in a void that someone important had left behind. He feels shame at the thought that every one of them had brushed JARVIS’s passing when the whole Ultron debacle happened, and had never even thought to ask Tony if he was all right. In hindsight, he can remember with painful clarity the mechanic’s face when he’d shown the AI’s shattered matrix; the subtle trembling in his voice when he’d said “
, and the thought of how Vision had ended up. He kept circling back to how Wanda had looked with that collar on her neck, and the guilt and anger warred in his chest.
“Hi baby,” she said, though she made no move to take him from Tony. “Did you have fun with your Uncle Tony?”
“I don’t wanna hear it,” he says, and he can feel the Cloak standing behind him and honestly shit is weird enough now that it’s slightly comforting. Like having another person there to co-parent with when his child is doing something this reckless. It’s kind of sad that having that space empty for so long makes him crave whatever scraps he can get now.
“Nine,” Tony finds himself saying. He doesn’t know if it’s because it’s the polite thing to do, or because there’s a tightness in his chest at feeling excluded or because there’s this sort of hero worshipping in Peter’s eyes that was supposed to be
that got them back. You don’t have to put up with their crap. They don’t get to yell out and—and make you feel like
, and it was just one more thing for him. One more stupid thing he had to do, or something, to be like his old man. So whenever he felt like he hadn’t been out for a while, he’d find a party, and we’d go. I refused to leave him alone by that point, and he was—he was getting better. We got through MIT together, and I went to the force and he went to his dad to work in R&D, though it was more like he was getting groomed to be the next Howard Stark. Every time we talked he sounded—well, chocked is the best word for it. And I knew it was hurting him, you know, but—he didn’t really have a choice. And then—God,” Rhodes thuds his head against the seat and Steve closes his eyes. He knows what’s coming. Knows it with a visceral feeling of pain and guilt.
“’Onny,” the baby said brokenly. Steve froze, and everyone else did the same. After the last few weeks of Barton’s anger and jealousy everyone expected a meltdown. The baby sensed the tension in the room and merely fussed more. “Wan’ Unc’a ‘Onny. Dada, Unc’a ‘Onny.”
“You are all beautiful people and are welcomed to my sanctuary any time you like as long as you bring dessert,” Tony says and then unashamedly turns around and makes grabby hands at the plate in the soldier’s arms. Everyone laughs and rolls their eyes at their antics, and Steve blushes even brighter. He makes his way to where Tony is sitting, and then stops short when he notices there’s no place for him there. Tony can’t even hide his grin when Harley and Cooper, and Peter from the other side, glare at the soldier until he hands the plate and moves away. “You behave,” the mechanic says but it goes, as always, completely ignored.
And then he gently slides his glasses back on, looks right at Tony like his eyes can crack his chest open and examine his insides and asks the two questions that will haunt the rest of his life.
“Hughard! For God’s sake, what are you doing?!” mama is shouting as she comes running into the room. She's followed by Jarvis who has another bucket of water which he quickly throws on the smoking pile of metal and gears in the center of the workshop that had once been a mock up engine.
The pain begins to fall off him like rain. He’s aware of it, feels it still, but it does not seem so insurmountable.
“American Catastrophe- How interspecies unions threaten the nation.” Clint read over his shoulder with a scoff. “The Star needs to hire new writers. I could come up with ten better headlines in my sleep.”
He knew it wasn't a promise he could make but he would certainly do everything within his power to help it along. Bruce refused to give any details about who he'd seen himself with because he was no fun and possibly embarrassed, but Tony had enough to work with to do his own sleuthing.
"Some of you shall peer into the folds of time and glimpse futures yet possible, while yet others will see the past. More alluring, and more dangerous for that, is the possibility of seeing all that might have been. Sight has saved many Prides over the years, and destroyed others. The wise know that the benubro is a guide, and not a given. Destiny is in the hands of the builders. I wish you all sure hands."
"He’s a tom? What because he’s got big muscles and fought in a war like a big strong man?" Tony asked drolly, with a severely arched eyebrow and Steve chuckled.
“I don’t understand.” Steve responded, face clouded with confusion. His dread was palpable to Tony, and he knew that part of Steve’s quick mind was already putting it together, even if he wasn’t ready to deal with it. “Tony what’s going on?”
“No you wouldn’t. Not with how you’ve taken care of the kats at the shelter, or us here at the tower, or how I’ve seen you be with Harley. You’d certainly do no worse than me.” Steve insisted. “My only example of a father was a drunken lout who couldn’t hold down a job and left my mother to fend for herself and a sick child.”
Okay usually that's a bald faced lie that anybody in their right mind who'd ever seen a shampoo commercial would know the truth of –
"You didn't even know him." Came Steve's muffled response, his body continuing to shudder against Tony's.
Bruce cleared his throat pointedly, nodding toward Harley who was entertaining himself by teasing DUMMY with his hovercraft, the little robot whirling around in circles trying to catch up to it.
Tony didn’t consciously decide to test it. It was just who he was. Almost before the tom was finished speaking Tony had narrowed his focus on T’Challa, attempting to pry open his thoughts.
Blinking his eyes clear Tony glanced at the doctor and her companion and snapped, gesturing toward the medical vans, “I want all the residents and my staff seen to first. When you’re ready I’ll be with Agent Coulson.”
Peter frowned, taken off guard by the question. He thought about it for a moment and finally tried to explain it the best he could.
“This might not be my business…” Steve blinked in surprise as Luke, who no one had really expected to have much in the way of advice on how to go about dating Tony Stark.
“One, how is your lame ass getting knocked out my fault and two aren’t you technically dead? Am I being haunted right now?”
Half the problem was - Tony thought as he was hit with an energy beam and slammed against the nearest surface, armor against steel screeching violently as he scraped against rooftop – that Tony and Steve had never managed to have that talk.
Green eyes watched him, waiting as he told his story. She probably knew where it was going but Natasha just waited and he was grateful for that. Soldiering himself Steve pressed on.
He'd started to fall for him then, but since even Clint could admit he had the emotional maturity of a teaspoon, and next to zero trust in humans, he'd ignored it for another two years.
Tony felt his ears droop under her stare, but soldiering himself he reached for the damn cup of tea and hoped that his trust in her ability to vet danger wasn’t about to be misplaced.
“Steve!” Stark sounded wrecked. But Ivan couldn’t even hear him over the sound of his own scream. Because now there was a pain unlike anything he has ever felt tearing through his head. A thousand jagged teeth, ripping and tearing at his mind at once, paralyzing him with the agony of it. It’s a familiar agony, but no more bearable for the familiarity. This is what it feels like to be torn apart from the inside out, to have your mind reduced to shreds and scattered to bits. The only thing different about now, and every other time he has been put in the chair, is the flavor. He didn’t know it could have flavors.
He's also being yelled at and yanked about by the police officer who Tony realizes intends to arrest him. The older boy is trying to explain, in a garbled mix of German and Hungarian, but the officer either doesn't speak it or he doesn't care what the negro boy has to say.
He doesn’t like the Hamburg house. It isn’t like in Pola where Tony can have the run of the place, swimming in the cove, playing in the vineyards, exploring the ruins, or trekking through the city to his grandparent’s house for the day. There are too many rules in Hamburg, where most of his father’s friends and business associates live. Tony always must be on his best behavior in Hamburg and there are always a million parties at the house which means he has to either get dressed up and shown off, or stay up in his room all night.
Howard had taken him once, to watch a kit get his shots. He'd watched the kit go limp in his mothers arms, glass clouding her little eyes while her brain lost a chemical war it had never had a chance of winning in the first place; that sour sweet twang trickling through the room.
They’re still small but they’re somewhere else. Somewhere cramped and dark and there is smoke filling their lungs. Their Mistress is dead. They are going to die staring into flames as red as their hair. Only, there is a figure looming out of the shadows and smoke and he turns at the sound of their mewling cry and fixes them with eyes so pale a blue they could be ice.
When the soldier is still again, silent, deadly and compliant, Madame orders him to kill them once more.
In which there is a brief calm before a small storm. Tony's heat is coming which has shaken up the tower but that's kind of a good thing. Bruce gets sad occasionally (okay a lot) so he recognizes sad in others. And Steve is SAD, but Bruce thinks not all heart pains are incurable. He made a graph.
Bruce blinked in surprise. For Tony that had been pretty tame. And Bruce wasn't the only one to fix their eyes on Tony as if waiting for the punchline but the other kat had his eyes so firmly fixed on the television the focus could only have been to avoid having to look at anything else.
Steve’s voice was surprisingly smooth, if quiet in the dark. He didn’t turn around to look at Tony as the fel approached but he didn’t seem adverse to his presence there either, so Tony slowly made his way across the rooftop to join him at the tower ledge.
“I dug up everything I could about Winter Soldier. Every last bread crumb,” Tony said, taking Steve’s hands again and latching their fingers together. Steve kept looking into his eyes like he was at risk of falling off the edge of the earth if he looked anywhere else and gripped Tony’s hands tight. “We’ll find him. It won’t be easy but we’re going to do it, and if he can be helped we’ll help him.”
But Stark was well Stark and getting him under SHIELD control was a no brainer as far as gains went. Clint was being sent in to assess not only compatibility but do whatever it took to acquire a major asset for the team (for SHIELD).
“Did you?” Steve asked dryly as Harley waved his StarkPad emphatically in Tony’s face until the older fel grabbed it and took a look at what was on screen. Which turned out to be a complicated looking hand drawn graph that he must have uploaded. Tony was going to have to teach him how to use a Smartsheet.
“Old Marley was losing his memory when we were kids Tony, he’s almost completely senile now.” Clint remarked with something of an evil grin. But he was kind enough to push open the door of his truck and Tony stepped back. “He’s got his grandson helping out on weekends now. But this is definitely not a weekend.”
When Tony joined the others on the common floor later he had his second best armor on. His suit was classic black (a perfect match for the hair on his tail and ears because who likes to clash) and tailored to fit like a glove in the sleek sensuous style that people preferred with kats.
Tony pressed a button and without warning the lab was filled with the echoing sound of the conversation they'd just had.
“It is a proud day for Pride Avengers, Queen Antony.” Thor said just as Happy opened the door beside Tony and more cameras started to go off.
Any earlier in the evening and Tony wasn't a hundred percent sure how things would have gone, but he was still riding the high of achieving mature responsible adulthood so he viewed the situation like this: Steve was worried, that was the important point (that he cared).
“Yeah, the President of the United States doesn’t even have clearance to touch my suit, so no. You’ll primarily be working on design theory for medical tech and maybe if you’re savvy enough, some low-grade weaponry for the Avengers team. Stark Resilience as a startup will be a very intimate team of Researches and Developers headed by myself–” Peter’s mouth fell open and Tony hesitated. “I’m a busy man though, so naturally there will be some delegating. You expected that right… you’re not going to cry or something are you?”
“He’s right.” Natasha agreed, rising silently from her seat. “Your operation is tomorrow and that’s our priority.”
"They were builders?" Tony's ears twitched with excitement. He was going to ignore that whole bit about winning his heart because no. Just no. Not going there.
“Tony would like to plant the nano-technology we’ve been working on inside his body.” Helen explained and the tom's ears arched in surprise as he looked toward Tony speculatively.
“You bet.” Tony replied simply, swaying slightly as Harley collided with his side, the kit clutching on to tight as he tried to steady Tony’s larger frame, murmuring a quick apology. He was putting a brave face on, but Tony could feel him trembling.
"Tony, what I did was wrong. I know that, but you know what Robert is like. I didn't have a choice."
Master Osborne had made him swear not to tell anyone about the serum he’d been working on for years, and when one of the test subjects had accidently gotten loose and bitten him he’d warned Peter what would happen if the authorities ever found out he was enhanced. He was a black kat now, and that made him dangerous. They’d put him down, and he couldn’t do that to Aunt May.
“No offense Agent Romanov, but when it comes to their tech we’re out classed. Until we know exactly what they’re capable of, I wasn’t going to risk sending you in to a death trap.” He explained with a tired sounding grunt. “And just between you, me and the crows, taking what we want by force isn’t the way to go with these guys. They’re more useful as allies than enemies and I think we have a real shot at that with the Avengers. Your existence intrigued them enough to consider opening the door, but they weren’t going to do that until they’d assessed the situation for themselves without interference. Like I said, my hands were tied.”
No heat signature on radar, but Tony could still hear the sound of them moving with his keen ears. That was, until something clattered on the floor and a debilitatingly high-pitched screeching filled the air and threatened to make his ears bleed.  Peter and Steve hunched over immediately, grabbing their ears and groaning. Tony’s pain was over as soon as JARVIS took the initiative to activate the noise canceling function.
“It sounds like we need to split up.” Teddy said in a decisive sort of way, his shoulders straightening.
The same year he'd won control of Stark Industries he'd sued when he'd been denied entrance into a master's program, pressing the idea that anyone 'mentally sound' enough to oversee a company surely had the constitution for a formal education, arguably a responsibility to it, but more importantly a right to it.
Steve looked up from the game of checkers he was currently attempting to play with the mechanical arm that Tony was test driving and grinned, only semi guilty at being caught.
explosions of a rifle, and the sounds of returning gunfire. Quickly he righted himself, repulsors at the ready as he turned and dove back into the fight. The man wielding the rifle was big, clad in a hooded jacket open to reveal the armored vest full of knives that he wore strapped to his chest. He wore a black mask over the bottom of his face, dark pants and heavy combat ready boots with a series of strategically placed holes.
"He can have some food can't he?" Tony pleads. He can see by the shadow that passes over Ana's eyes that she's thinking what Tony already knows. Hughard would have a fit to come home and find a negro eating in their kitchen. "We have plenty, and he risked his life to save my journal. Surely that's worth something. A pastry even? Ana makes the best pastries. Unless you're allergic to berries. You're not, are you?" Tony babbles and Ana grins at the boy's dumbfounded expression.
He was talking into the camera and mocking the reporter’s question and there was Uncle Steve standing just behind him, looking annoyed at the woman.
Sometimes Mr. Banner will have friends over and everybody will be drinking and Becca will be sitting on his lap, lips curled around the mouth of a bottle as she tells the story of how Brian made her seduce some fancy tom. A tom who’d fucked her through her heat and given Mommy a near heart attack when he was caught balls deep in some back-alley trash like her.
“I know that.” She hissed. “But I don’t know if you’ve noticed Barnes, but we don’t have another option. There’s nothing for us to go back to and nowhere safe we can run to. The incursions will eventually catch up, destroy everything, and then it’s game over.”
“Negative. They first appeared in Macey’s, looked to be a standard robbery. Then they split off to target a Barnes and Nobles.”
By the time that Stark had arranged for them to be transported back to the tower for home care the staff had all but pushed them out the door.
Barnes had the earliest version of the Super-Soldier serum floating in his veins. It hadn’t made him Captain America, but it had made him
He was going to love Steve because he chose to, because Steve had chosen him in return, and they were going to rescue Barnes because it was the right thing to do; because that’s what Steve and Natasha both needed. They were supposed to make like a Pride and Barnes was going to be grateful, Tony wasn’t going to be insecure or jealous at all, and no one was going to get hurt. Huzzah.
In the past, Tony might have run with that feeling. He might have hidden behind walls and come up with a thousand and one ways to stay a step ahead and guard his heart while he was at it, but this was not the past. He’d committed himself to one very particular dream of the future, and it wasn’t going to be easy to get by any means but it meant giving as good as he got. Bare neck. Bare wrist. Bare heart. And not just symbolism this time.
Calm settling over him he walked toward the front of the house, senses focused on the sound of the booted feet and harsh breathing of his prey.
Tony nodded along as if he were following keeping his thoughts closely guarded as he asked, “Why come to me then? Why not go to the authorities if you suspect Killian?”
"You clothe yourself in the colors of the Benu and fly toward the sun. Perhaps the stories I've heard about halflings were not entirely true. " She mused to herself and noticing the confusion on their faces her lips split into a toothy smile.
“Theoretically so could you. You’re already talking to each other through these dreams you’re having.” Tony pointed out. “Everything Natasha remembers about Ivan points to the fact that they tried to rip that out of him, make him some sort of super-tom, but he’s still connecting with you both. He’s been through a lot of shit, but Barnes is a Queen. We’re hard to break.”
“Where’s Natalia?!” The soldier screams, raw and angry. He has warped now, civilian clothes gone and replaced by a one-armed combat suit that does nothing to hide the fact that one of his arms is made entirely of metal. Tony doesn’t think he realizes he’s not that man from the forest so long ago in Natasha’s memory. At least not anymore.
“There’s a big difference between one of Tony’s practice simulations and the real thing Billy, and your mother’s still a Hydra agent. Could you really hurt her if it came down to it?” Jaime reminded him harshly and Nyota felt the words land in Billy’s chest like a blow but the younger teen just glared back stubbornly.
"You think they bonded with humans?" Natasha asked slowly and Tony's mind raced with the implications even as Luke nodded with a certainty that boarded on grave.
He's fifteen and they've just escaped out the back gate, shirking Tony's lessons and Rhodey's morning chores to go swimming down at the little cove they discovered the summer Tony was eleven, the one that nobody else knows about (probably). And they're going to catch hell when they get back, but it's hot enough to melt the skin off their bones and Tony doesn't care.
He swallowed thickly, waiting nervously for something to happen. Caught between feeling like he should be saying something about what he'd just said and running for his life.
Tony nods wordlessly, too wary of being struck to give a repeat performance. His backside already hurts so much he’s sure he’ll cry and he won’t do that in front of Hughard. Not anymore.
“Uncle Bruce,” a boyish voice pulls them from the edge of sleep and they open their eyes to meet the ones of the boy leaning up on his elbows, his orange ears twitching. His blue eyes are still gummy with sleep.
"No! Thor, cover Clint." Tony snapped out in reply as he worked his way to the edge of the roof, mind calculating distances as his eyes tracked the motion below. Any moment now M.O.D.O.K. was going to pass below him. "I'm gonna get M.O.D.O.K."
Carefully he lowered himself toward the ground, hoping he wasn't about to land on one of his teammates, but he didn’t run into anything as his boots touched the soft surface of the forest floor and there was still no answer over the comm.
It had begun to snow. She'd checked the weather in preparation for the mission and heard the predictions for an unusually heavy snowfall and had come prepared. She wasn't worried about it too much, she'd brought her warmest suit and she was Russian. Ice was practically in her veins.
Luke doesn't flirt. Luke is a sober and serious professional at all times when he and Clint aren't yanking each others chain. Hell if you'd have asked Tony for his opinion seconds before now he'd have said that the guy was kind of judgy.
"What, for not wanting me to jack up my hormones? That ship probably sailed when I was a teenager. I was working under a lot of pressure with far fewer resources. Then there's the arc reactor and palladium poisoning. I'm surprised I can even still get heats let alone a fairly regular cycle. Anyway. Not your fault."
Tony Stark. Peter had been in the middle of repairing the web shooter that had gotten fried when he’d battled those jerks in silver pajamas. He’d thought those elctro-shock gun thingies they had were cool up until he got hit with one of them.
So there they were, both crashing into their biological imperatives for the first time, and the media can say what it wants but here's a pro tip: Tony Stark is a huge nerd who can't handle his own emotions for shit, and sure he's pretty slick and flashy when he wants to be, but if you bought that dog and pony show more the fool you.
Least of all for Steve's poor mother who had the difficult task of trying to educate two young morons about their bodies and the differences in their biology. What Steve in all his twelve-year-old wisdom had gotten from the conversation was, "So you're a girl?!"
"How have I lied to you?" Steve laughed over the music pulling Tony back in tight, grinning down at him all smug and Tony would be pissed if he weren't having such a great time.
The reporter was asking the man in the suit, who the caption beneath declared was someone named Tom Huckbey, press secretary for the Governor of Massachusetts.
The brightly colored pamphlet that had come in the box had explained that a unique code was built in for law enforcement, in the event that Masters needed help with their more “unruly” subjects.  Bastards.
Killian screamed, dropping the needle in his hand as a bullet went through his arm and Tony's heart slammed in his chest as the warehouse erupted in screams, the lab technicians either ducking behind tables or making a run for it as the hired security drew their weapons and began returning fire at a dizzying blur of black and red that Tony's stunned senses didn't put together as Natasha until she had a beefy security guy locked between her thighs and was flipping him to the ground.
Steve started opening his mouth, and Tony got the feeling that he was going to protest (the big liar) and insist that he was fine, as if he hadn’t woken Tony up in the wee hours with his grunting and thrashing; but Thor, who had straightened in his seat with a frown of concern, interrupted.
"It means he's a flirt." Natasha answered deadpan, but Tony got the feeling she believed it and that she disapproved.
Actually, it was starling, but Steve was probably right. Avert crisis now, explore kinks later.  And the gun happy idiots within the D.C. Police certainly were doing their level best to create a crisis. Animal Control was out in full force, padded down in their signature protective black gear. The strip on the third level was already thick with green tinted tranq gas despite the fact that the building had not been cleared of civilians and the kats they were trying to apprehend wore suits that surely filtered the air for them. Idiots.
It struck Thor – struck them all really – seeing it for the first time, how suited up the differences between Tony and RaTu were far less noticeable.
“Wise what?” The Colonel put his throat on display by taking the bait, not because he didn’t understand Tony’s games, but because they held an unspoken understanding that he would play them in exchange for the temporal institution of intimacy.
“We need to go” Tony commanded, dropping his phone back into his suit pocket in one decisive motion and Steve straightened.
If not for himself then for everybody else, then. Just because his memories have the potential to eat him alive doesn’t mean everybody else must be as sorry. Does it?
She blinked slowly, and there was something very removed about her as she looked at him and said, "I only pretend to never be afraid Stark, but showing them fear gives them an opening. Don't think they aren't coming for us. We threaten the order of a world they've spent fortunes building. They're not letting us tear it down without a fight. They're watching us. Looking for a door they can walk through to take us apart. Don't give them that."
“Well I’m here, heading to bed like a good boy, but unless you were planning on knocking me over the head with a two-by-four I can’t guarantee you any actual sleeping will be done.” Tony grumbled as he walked past T’Challa and JARVIS opened the penthouse doors with a swish. “I don’t sleep well alone.”
“Where do you take a billionaire who also happens to be your Queen, when you want him to agree to be your… well yours, I guess.” Steve pushed the words out in a rush as he stepped into the common room and the chatter from the rooms occupants instantly died.
Prides can’t be separated, or at least not easily. The members are all connected mentally, psychologically, telepathically. There was a lot of mystic mumbo jumbo shit that scientists haven't had much opportunity to weed through and pick out the myths from the facts,  but there have been cases of bonded kats healing faster, learning faster, and even finding each other across oceans.
She would be watching them closely, Thor warned, hoping that Stark and the captain would heed his words. He could not fix the ills of the past or change the horrors that had already occurred but he could help perhaps, return something vital to his young friend.
Besides, Tony would be terrible at leading a pride (just look at Cap's expression) and does anyone actually think that giving him kits is a good idea?
“Atta girl Jo! Everything in existence is happening right now! You’re not going to find it the usual way. Look above, below, behind, whatever you have to do baby girl!”
“But I don’t get it.” Tony muttered warily, craning his neck to look up at Steve with a raised eyebrow. “What about us frolicking on a beach with our child rocked your faith?”
"The team wasn’t going to leave you alone, and I figured the risks were lower for me. I belong to you… I think that’s the reason you protected us. You might not agree, but I think something in you knows that. I know you won’t hurt me."
Intellectually he knew all the very good reasons they were taking things slow and waiting to be sure before taking such a monumental step. But all Tony’s biology seemed to care about was that he loved the dude and by rights they should be making a home for themselves in every crack and cranny of each others minds. What gives with the hold out?
“Coincidentally, you’re right. This time around it wasn’t my idea to go digging for Harvey’s dirty secrets.” Tony revealed before calling out. “Bring Miss Nichols in J.”
"Don't count on it. I’m sick of being pushed around by this guy Pep. We’ve put up with it long enough." Tony insisted. He knew he was in part, still chaffing from that interview and all he’d read up on Trask and the new legislation the conservative parties he backed were pushing for. But Tony couldn’t change the world overnight, at least not in this area. What he could do, was show William Dyson he wasn’t going to be taken advantage of.
Steve shivered, wrapping his arms around himself, thinking about the things his classmates said.  About how warm other people were, how good it felt to just hold another person.  Steve had heard too, about what it was like to be touched by an omega.  The way it made people feel the best they had ever felt, how during the great war special omegas worked with battle-fatigued alphas and betas coming back from deployment.  Sat in the barbershop getting his hair trimmed, he listened to an older alpha with a chest full of medals talk about his omega and beta partners, and how they made coming home worthwhile, how they drove the cold away.  He had wanted to speak up, to ask questions, but he knew what he looked like.  He didn’t look like he had any business, or any chance at living a life like that, but by God he wanted it, or something like it.
Then Tony twists beneath him to lay on his back, reaching up to rest his palm just over the center of his chest. Tony's fingers are warm, five points of heat against his sternum. He rests it there, eyes flicking down to his hand, where Steve is sure his heart beats against his ribcage far too rapidly to be from a simple sparring match. Tony has touched him before, many, many times, but never like this. He's never stroked a line of heat down Steve's stomach, never reached further down to cup him through his pants with clever dexterous fingers. Steve groans, shifting down to cage Tony against the floor with his arms, bracketing slim muscular hips with his knees.
“We're not easy people to be with, doesn't change the fact that you're the best thing that ever happened to me. Sometimes I wonder why you said yes when I asked about courting you.” Steve speaks against Tony's cheek, dropping a kiss there before walking back over to his seat. He sinks into it heavily, swiveling to turn towards the room instead of the table. His legs feel like jelly after their argument. Steve has always been the kind of guy to pick a fight, but fighting with Tony just makes him feel like the lowest kind of jerk. Tony stares over at him, laughing to himself, short and sharp.
“You keepin' her then, settling in and adopting kids so fast?” Bucky asks as Tony rises up to stand.
Tony is gone the next day-off on a business trip to Osaka according to JARVIS. Iron Man is with him, standing tall and gleaming at his side in the pictures that soon surface on the more reputable news sites the AI suggested to him. He wonders if the pilot is in the suit today, something niggling at the back of his mind supplies a resounding
“I think it's called 'coconut cumplosion' or something. Why, do you want to taste it?” Tony asks with as much seriousness as he can muster, which isn't much. Steve chokes, and Tony waggles his eyebrows when Steve breaks out into some very undignified laughter. Light slants in through the windows, making the ends of Steve's hair glow gold. It's unfair that Steve can still look that good under fluorescent lighting, but he's looking at Tony as if he's thinking the same thing.
“Look who's talkin about being good looking.”  Steve says, panting and shuddery all over, and hard in his soft pajama pants. Tony pauses to kiss over his chin and the corners of his lips, his eyes flicker over Steve's face taking in his kiss swollen lips and the way his breath is coming out in rapid gusts.
His mind supplies. Rhodey catches him as he goes down, ignoring the mess of hot chocolate staining his clothing as Tony's knees hit the floor. His vision goes slurry, like mixing watercolors on a canvas. There are shapes, more people coming into the room. Are they back?
“Goddammit.” Steve groans, dropping his head into his hands. Jan comes over to sit next to him, patting his shoulder in sympathy.
“I'm happy you're here Steve.” Tony whispers, after most of the others have fallen asleep. Their presences warm and comforting in their makeshift bed for the night. Steve tugs Tony to lay beneath him, covering his body and basking in the contact.
Tony murmurs, fluttering his lashes in a way he hopes is becoming in the direction of the guy who was most certainly the one stroking his hair earlier.
hurting you so don't even try that with me.” Steve bulldozes over the objection he can already hear forming. Iron Man goes silent. Wind whistles by them, cool and bracing even through the insulation of his tactical gear.
“Oh.” Tony feels like he's repeating himself. The next words tumble out his mouth without further input from his brain. “Well Steve, maybe you ought to kiss me for science then.” So much for subtlety Tony, way to keep your crush under wraps. He thinks to himself with resignation. If there's one thing he's good at though, it's rolling with things when he's really put his foot in it.
“Watch it tin-man, blast lining up on your six.”  Wasp said over the comms, and Iron Man did a sort of pirouette in the sky to avoid another of Melter’s blasts, before Widow climbed onto the guy’s back and started choking him with ruthless precision.
“It's great Tony, I'll wear red pants.” Steve says warmly.  Tony's smile is small, but clearly relieved.
“Let them be mad, survival shouldn't be a commodity, there's plenty of other things to make profits off of, they can just suck it up.” Tony says, steel in his gaze despite the soft smile he shoots Steve when he rolls over in a chair and pulls Tony's legs up into his lap to knead at the tight muscles of his calves.
“Gimme the stylus, I'll show you.” Tony says, putting his shake down on the coffee table to free up his hand. Steve silently passes it over, watching raptly as Tony makes a complicated motion with the fingers of his other hand. Little light nodes glimmer on his palm, the hologram expands to fill the room, and Steve sucks in a shocked breath.
A car was waiting for them when they arrived, a bright purple convertible that rumbled even standing still.  Steve’s eyebrows rose when Tony turned to him with a grin.  “Wanna drive it?”  He said,  “The GPS will lead you to where we need to go.”
“I'm...sorry man. You look like you need this. Thor sent it over, some kind of Asgardian thing, he said it might work for you.” Steve takes the drink, downing it in one swallow. It tastes oddly like bubblegum, but burns on the way down satisfyingly. Steve could care less right this moment.
“Of course, always want a hug from you Mister Stark.” Steve says without missing a beat. God sometimes Steve is just unreal.
Steve picked a few different sets up, turning them this way and that in his hand.  “I think it’s perfect, ah.  Do you have a set in garnet and gold?”  His ears were never going to stop being red at this rate, but Julia seemed to take it all in stride, producing another tray with a set of perfectly matched links.  Even the cut of the stones was the same, a nice sized emerald cut garnet surrounded by tiny dangling briolette cut ones.  They were beautiful, finer than anything else he had ever considered purchasing, well other than the waist chain, but this seemed more real, more like something he could work up the nerve to give.  “I’ll take ‘em, can I get a red box for them?”  He asked, passing them back over to Julia, who began polishing them with a cloth immediately.
"Maybe another night, gimme a raincheck on that, would you?"  He wonders if this is something Thor does often.  Maybe he can get Tony and Iron Man to come down for a soak too.  He could leave the helmet on.  Steve smiles just with the thought of that.
very, very on, that feels so good.” Tony all but moans. Steve wonders somewhat distantly if Tony is this vocal in bed, and then hastily pushes that thought aside. This is neither the time nor the place for those kind of thoughts.
Loss is something he knows intimately. Losing Tony is not an option though, he can't accept it. Despite the work Doctor Acharya has begun putting in, it's still far, far too soon, his mind shies away from even contemplating a reality without the man he loves. He would do anything to keep Tony at his side, now if only he could get Tony to believe that. Loving Tony Stark is absolutely a bad idea, but then again letting the government inject you with experimental super steroids probably wasn't the best decision either-but hey, he can't complain too much about how that all worked out.  Steve is not one to shy away from taking risks. The fact that Tony loves him back is more than he thought to dream of. They haven't spoken of it much since their mutual heated confessions in that unused SHIELD room, and later during that terrible debrief about Stone-but the awareness of it simmers between them with every look, every bit of contact no matter how minimal.
“He-we were friends. I thought that's all we were, but he had other thoughts, other plans. Didn't really stop to consult me on that though.” The way Tony says it, the dismissiveness makes rage boil in Steve's gut.
Tony seems to sense his thoughtful mood, twining their hands together and keeping a comfortable silence between them until they reach their destination; a tall building Steve has never been to before. Tony hops out of the car, dragging him through a back entrance and into what looks like a cargo elevator. He taps a code in on the keypad, and the elevator dings twice before rising smoothly upwards.
“It doesn’t, really, I can take it.”  He said, determined to show her he was alright, that she didn’t need to worry.  If anything his answer only seemed to put that look on her face she got when he told her he wanted a hot dog instead of his vegetables.
“So sweet, honey, sugar, that's it, good, so good for me. You feel so good.” Tony murmurs on a panting breath and Steve feels something go hot and molten inside him, as if he's melting into the bed, coming apart entirely under Tony. He wanted this, wanted so much for this to be pleasurable for Tony. He had worried, worried so much that it could never feel good, that he would be both too much and not enough.  That concern seems so far away now, with Tony bright and burning against him like a star.
“Steve, you can take the jet anytime you need it, but you're across the world, thought you might need some backup from your good friend the tin man, but I see you have everything in hand.” Tony smiled, leaning closer to his phone. His lids were lined with a dark, inky liner, emphasizing the blue of his eyes, and the length of his lashes. The way he was looking at Steve was so searching, so filled with real concern that Steve felt a little dizzy. “You
“I’m nobody special, I’m just a guy from the lower east side, I saw someone that needed help so I helped.”  The words sounded almost far away, his ears were starting to ring.
“What about dessert he says.”  Tony smiles, blue eyes twinkling with amusement.  “Alright, but you have to let my hand go first, gorgeous.”  That seems terribly unfair, although it is sound logic. Steve sighs in a mock put upon fashion, but relinquishes his hold.  He whistles as Tony walks off, and Steve smiles to hear him laughing all the way to the kitchen. There’s a few noises, plates being moved around and something pouring.  Tony is back soon after; two large bowls held in his arms.
“We'll talk later. Well, I'd like to.” Steve says, turning away to go buckle into his own seat beside Tony, taking his hand in one wide palm; thumb rubbing small soothing circles over scarred knuckles. Tony just nods, even though he wants to rip his harness off to climb up into his lap, and tell him just how mutual the feeling is.
It was easy to order anything these days, hell, if he’d wanted to, he could have bought a car online.  Steve navigated to a page he’d seen advertised on commercials while wandering around town.  It was a company that sold water bottle pillows.  Big plush pillows in the shape of animals with chambers meant to hold hot or cold liquids.  It seemed a hell of a lot better than a water bottle wrapped in fabric behind enemy lines.  Sure it was expensive, but it wasn’t like he was paying rent these days.  Steve ordered two of them, one in the shape of a happy fat cat, and the other in the shape of a big carrot.  He thought Sarah might have gotten a kick out of that one.  Next day air too, it was some God-awful sum for the shipping upgrade, but Steve ticked it off anyway.  It would be worth it, if he could finally get some rest.
“I believe this to be unwise sir.”  JARVIS should know by now this has less than a zero chance of Stopping any plan Tony might have when his mind is already made up.
“Take me on a date, court me, do your forties thing to your heart's content, I'm all yours.” Tony's really impressed that his voice stayed steady for that whole sentence. Steve beams at him, but there's something satisfied in his gaze.
“I find that hard to believe, it is obvious that Stark is wowed by your charms, meager and pitiful as they are.” The words drip with haughty disdain.  Steve's eyes narrow.
at him. “I trust you, you're my best friend, and pretty handsome to boot.” Steve finally says after a long protracted silence. Tony feels his jaw drop and hurriedly snaps it shut.
He caught up with Bucky in Central Park.  Except that wasn’t Bucky.  Bucky was dead, gone, because Steve was not able to protect him.  Even while chasing the illusion he knew, but there was still a hope, some distant sliver of possibility.
How can Tony let his bodyguard go off when something is clearly going on in his life? While Tony is busy making things for the team, taking care of them, opening his very home to them. Steve wonders who is taking care of Tony in return. What he
“It seemed logical, as you have on several occasions stated your intentions to court Sir, and while he may be oblivious to the very real intent behind your words,
“Oh you’ve done it now.”  Tony said, but he sounded delighted.  He shot the camera a salute with his free hand, and a round of clapping and cheering met the action.  Steve had performed in front of crowds before, but this was something else.
“No, It’s alright, thank you though, for all your help ma’am, I woulda been lost without it.”  He said, and he meant it.  Julia seemed almost taken aback, but took his bank card when he handed it over.  Wasn’t that something, bank cards.  You could swipe one of those and know immediately if you were good for it, if you had the jack.  In Steve’s time credit and bank accounts had been far more complicated.  He supposed it cut down on theft, Jan said almost no one carried cash on them anymore.
Steve's eyebrows raise, but his arms just tighten around Tony further. “You secretly a supervillain, married and got a spouse hidden away somewhere?”
“So good, oh, so good, cupcake,” Tony all but croons to him, reaching up, curving his hand around the back of Steve's neck to pull him into a hot demanding kiss. He throws a hand out to keep his balance, fisting a hand in the pillows Tony is resting his head upon, but he keeps moving, kissing Tony and making love to him with his body, and his mouth, and everything he has. Something must have changed in the angle though because Tony groans low in his throat, he scrapes his fingernails down Steve's back, and then he's grabbing two handfuls of Steve's rear, urging him to thrust harder, breathing out praise and endearments and encouragement into Steve's ears. He can feel Tony's hard cock against his stomach, pressed now between them, wet and messy and getting precome all over them both.
When they part though, and Steve finally has the presence of mind to open his eyes, Tony is hard too.  The tie of his red silk robe has come all but undone sometime during their enthusiastic kisses; baring him in a long strip all the way down to his toes.  He doesn't say anything though, letting Steve look his fill, press his hands all over gorgeous golden skin, pull him closer between his knees so he can kiss the very center of Tony's chest.
are pigheaded and uncooperative.”  There's no real heat in the words, just that same concern that colored Iron Man's speech that day in the mountains.
He slept four hours, which was more than he had slept since coming out of the ice.  He was still exhausted, but when he looked in the fogged mirror in the bathroom after his too hot shower, the dark circles beneath his eyes were no longer visible.  It was good, it meant maybe Tony wouldn’t worry needlessly about him the next time they saw each other.  Which turned out to be sooner rather than later.
“You're sure?” Steve murmurs against his lips, letting go of Tony's neck, scooting back to do something. What, Tony doesn't know, doesn't care, all he wants right now is Steve.
“Steve, it's fine, it's great. I would love to go have Froyo with you. Let's do this.” It's so normal, so
“That's, that's playing dirty Steve, using my kinks against me so quickly.” Tony pants out, resting his forehead against Steve's, his hips rocking and swiveling into every touch of Steve's hand.  It's only a handjob, but it's
“Where am I, who are you people?” Steve finally grits out. His voice sounds rusty and he coughs to clear it, startling when the robot makes his way over with surprisingly smooth steps and presses a cup of water into his hand. The cup is made out of a material so strange that Steve takes long moments to process it before hesitantly taking a sip.
of you is pretty.”  Tony rubs his stubbled cheek against Steve’s, slipping one hand beneath his flannel shirt to pet over his stomach.
Later he drags himself up off the floor to shower, shave and generally gets himself in order. He's not ready to see people yet though, not fit for civil company, so he goes back down to the lab to think. A holo-screen pops up after about an hour of pacing that culminates in him throwing himself across his favorite couch in the lab while trying in vain to talk some sense into his stupid hopeful heart. JARVIS doesn't say anything, just highlighting Rhodey's number on his contact list. He stares at it for long moments. It's around one in the morning where Rhodey is, but they've both called each other before at later times than this. They're best friends after all, Tony's allowed to be annoying and scream about his relationship woes-he's earned it after listening to Rhodey moon over various people during his long post Afghanistan stint with celibacy. Still he hesitates, hopefully he won't be
“You've got yourself a deal Mister Stark, but I want to walk you to your door. Got to do this right.” Tony's answering smile is small and slightly shy in a way Steve knows other people don't get to see. Steve doesn't
“I’m not givin’ you the purse, I don’t know what’s wrong with all of you, but it’s not mine to give away.”  The nerve of the guy, thinking he could pay Steve off, like he was some kind of lousy cheat who’d give away someone else’s property like that.  It was a lot of money, and sure Steve needed it, but he’d made do without it, and he’d keep making doing do.
“That. Is not fair.” Tony whines, grumbling when Steve hugs him tight and kisses his cheek, then kisses his cheek a few more times.  “Okay! Okay fine! You've...
“No” Tony growls, at the same time as Natasha says yes. The pair of them glare at each other. Beneath his hand, Tony's skin feels far too warm. His cheeks are flushed, and there's a slightly wet sound invading his breathing.
“What? Tony!” He expects Steve to step back after that exclamation. To put space between them, but he just swallows. Tony tracks the bob of his adam's apple, licking his lips, and then snapping his gaze up to meet Steve's wide eyed stare.
“Not what I meant Cap, here-” He tosses Steve the lube. “Spread some of that here, and then, well, you get the picture.” Tony says, quirking one eyebrow with suggestion.  Steve feels his mouth go dry when Tony reaches back to spread himself apart, baring the loosened stretch of his hole, and the evidence of what they had been doing just a few minutes earlier.
“Hey, it's not a bad thing, don't be like that Tones.” Rhodey has his back obviously, Tony loves him.
JARVIS doesn't dignify that with a response, choosing instead to turn the tap on to Tony's favored temperature for shaving.  “Yeah yeah, I hear you, oh disapproving child of mine.” He mutters, setting about brushing his teeth, shaving, and wrangling his hair into some semblance of order. He'd really like to shower too, but he's sure Steve is hungry, and he doesn't want to make Steve wait on him that long.  Tony eyes his collection of fragrances critically, he definitely needs to put some cologne on at least.  He vacillates between his favorites for a few minutes before selecting something unisex; vanilla and grapefruit with a hint of sandalwood.  Maybe he doesn't need to go through all this trouble, and maybe Steve doesn't mind him looking like a sleepy wreck, but Tony has an image to maintain here-he needs to be good, he needs to be better for Steve. Not that there's really anything to maintain after the fiasco with Hammer, but a man can dream.
They lay like that, Steve dropping drowsy half dazed kisses over any of Tony's skin within reach. Tony can barely muster anything other than a sigh when Steve pulls out. His limbs feel rubbery, as if he'd sink to the floor if he tried to walk right now. It's amazing. Steve looks to be feeling similarly when he gently rolls Tony off the pillows and down onto the untouched sheets beside them.
Wow it's been a while, I apologize for taking so long getting this hammered out.  all I can say is that adulting sucks and I recommend it to exactly no one.  A million, billion thank yous to those of you who allowed me to cry and carry on in your ear, and who cheered me on to keep writing even if it was only a few words at a time, yall are the real MVPS.  The art in this chapter is thanks to the amazing
“Tony, Tony, look at me, hey, come back here, fella.” Steve's face swims back into focus when he opens his eyes. Funny, he doesn't even remember having closed them.
The movie has been rolling for a few minutes when Steve shifts next to him, tugging him inexorably closer with one strong arm.
“Roy, nice to see you.”  Tony said, really kind of obnoxiously.  If this was the guy that couldn’t take a hint, then Steve felt the obnoxious approach was definitely warranted.  Roy’s eyes narrowed, he stared at Steve, who moved a little closer to Tony, and held his arm out.
Tony gasps, holding a hand to his chest in shock.  “Are you admitting that I have a superior posterior.” Tony waggles his eyebrows, proud of his word choice when Rhodey sputters into the sip of beer he just took and squints at Tony while he wipes his face.
Hours later he stands in a bombed out street and hurls the nearly empty bottle in a fit of frustration and rage. It shatters on the wall of an abandoned building, useless across the brick as it is in his stomach. Anger festers in his heart, anger at himself, anger so strong and breathtaking it brings Steve to his knees. All this strength and still Bucky slipped through his fingers. What a way to repay the guy that always had your back. It takes Steve a moment to realize he's crying, and then it's impossible to stop. Great heaving sobs that wrack his body. Peggy finds him there-curled into himself and shaking. She doesn't berate him or mock him, merely helps him to his feet. Sleep does not find him that night.
hear Tony's breathing. Healthy lungs don't sound like that. Still, Steve knows what it's like to be underestimated, to be sidelined. If Tony ever does come out and tell the team no one will deny him spot, he's earned it a thousand times over. Steve will make sure of that even if he has to give a few stern talking to's.
about. There's no telling how many more of them will blow up when their relationship goes public. That is if Tony even wants a relationship.  “I want to date you, in fact, kinda think we have been dating, but I want to do this officially.” Forget the media, and forget PR and masks, and whatever nasty opinions people might have about Tony.  He survived an being frozen in ice for seventy years, he wants Tony with everything he has.  Tony stares at him incredulously. He's silent for a few minutes, just studying Steve's face.
Tony looks up at him, and is surprised to see something like concern in the younger man. He must be imagining things, he convinces himself, and raises to his feet. He can feel Ross’s dark glare on his back as he takes the podium.
“I’m sorry, Steve,” Sam’s chastised voice had pulled him out of is reverie. The man wore a guilty look on his face.
“She also said that I should apologize,” Scott muttered, and Tony immediately went cold. Hundreds of fake apologies sprung up to his head; all the times Obie had said something cutting and apologized meaninglessly, the times Ty would punch him and then say sorry and do it again, the times Pepper would apologize when she couldn’t look at Tony after a mission. He didn’t need that from a virtual stranger too.
Thankfully, nobody he meets the next day had ever cared enough to ask how he was doing so he would probably be okay.
“Boss, the package you sent for pick up has arrived,” FRIDAY says cheerfully. Tony detects the trace of excitement in her voice, and it is contagious to the other bots. They beep happily and Tony has to shake his head at their antics. God, they’re like puppies. Or children, though they don’t slobber as much.
It would be just Tony’s luck that everything would go to shit right before he was about to fucking graduate. Three years of shitty high school experiences, and all he asked for was one damn year when he didn’t have to deal with any more bullshit. The universe, however, seemed to have other plans.
The morning of the hearing, he’s sitting alone in the communal living room. There’s a cooling cup of black coffee sitting on the table in front of him as he looks out the window to the trees surrounding the facility. Usually, he would be on his morning run around this time. It’s barely begun to get light, and he loves running around the perimeter when it’s cool and he gets to just
“It didn’t seem that way to me,” the mechanic said with a shake of his head. He took a deep breath and squared his shoulders. The grip on Steve’s hand released, and for a moment he was afraid he would let go, but then the grip was back just as fiercely. “She showed me a future I couldn’t change,” his eyes go unfocused and Steve has the irrational urge to shake him. Bring him back. Afraid that Tony won’t come back if he loses himself to the memories. “They were all dead, even the hulk, on some…I don’t even know where it was, but I looked up and there they were. The Chitauri and those big leviathan things, and—and they were all dead. Except us,” the man says and his bright brown eyes lock with Steve’s. There’s a whole conversation passing between them, and Steve feels the bottom drop from his stomach. “Except you, and when I kneeled down next to you to check if you were still breathing you grabbed hold of my arm and you—you told me that I could have saved you. You asked me why I hadn’t done more, and I—when I snapped out of it, I just—I felt like I knew what I had to do. I didn’t want—Steve, please, believe me, I never meant for Ultron to—I wouldn’t—“
Harley whistles impressively at that, and then giggles like the little shit he is when Tony can do nothing but pout. Steve grins down at him and for a moment it looks like things might actually get better from here. Tony has never been big on symbolism, but he decides to be optimistic about his outlook with the way things are at the moment. The sun is high and bright outside the panoramic windows, and for once most of the people he truly cares about are all together, if not happy, then at least with the possibility of being happy sometime sure. A
First, it appears that Squidward is alone on the ship. Tony wishes this wasn’t such a life or death situation because the amount of tech he’s surrounded with is actually insane. He can feel the innovation and advancement thrumming through his veins by being so close to something he had only dreamt about, but he forces himself to focus. Strange is down there, and there seems to be some kind of surgical… needles? Jesus, are those needles? From Tony’s vantage point it looks like Squidward is about to turn the wizard into an inside out porcupine. Which… okay. Not ideal. Christ. This is so above his paygrade. What the hell is he supposed to do? If he attacks directly, which is what his usual MO is, they are both dead. Squidward had already wiped the floor with his face once, and that was with FRIDAY’s help.
Steve doesn’t know what he and Tony talked about, the state his best friend might have found the young genius in, but he can surmise enough to guess that it was bad. Bucky’s eyes had been red rimmed, and he looked pale when he came back. There was a stain on one of his sleeves that was turning copper and crusty and Steve’s heart had hammered so hard in his chest as he asked Bucky where the blood had come from. Bucky had answered
“They owe me something, which they don’t,” Tony finishes for him, subdued. It’s something that he’s been doing lately. He doesn’t know if, hey, maturity or it’s just the latest representation of how tired he actually is.
Steve surges forward without thinking, the consequences be damned, to cradle Tony’s head in his hands and make the other man meet his eyes. The mechanic begins struggling immediately, his eyes wide and fearful and most likely trapped in a memory of Steve’s making, but Steve can feel his hands shaking. He tightens his hold on Tony’s cheeks and angles his head up so that his eyes meet the soldier’s. He doesn’t know if this will still work or if the mechanic has too much fear in him, in
Finally, Peter stands back up with a sigh and turns his big brown eyes on Tony, the aha! Smile he’d taken from his dad making him look even younger than he actually is. “Okay, so remember that really old movie Alien that you let me watch even though Papa said no?”
“What?” it was the first time Wanda had opened her mouth since she arrived in the kitchen. She was looking at him with something like confusing and betrayal in her face. Steve felt sadness swirl in his chest at her crestfallen look, and for a second he considered backing out. He thought about attending the trial and being there for her, but that was quickly stamped down by too many memories. He had been told to stand down before to protect his family, and he hadn’t done it. He had thought he had known best, and in the end everything had gone to hell in a handbasket. He knew himself, knew his temper, and while he had made leaps and bounds to stave off the instinctual need to
to earn back his memories. Tony has failed, from the very first moment, at distancing himself from people he loves. And the main reason why is now on his knees in front of him. So, yeah,
Steve manages to tell himself that it’s all for their own good. They’re young, Tony especially, and with the plans already laid out for them both he doesn’t see a way for them to last the year much less the rest of their lives. He talks himself out of his conviction numerous times, refuses to acknowledge Bucky and Sam when they ask what’s plaguing him, and the one time Tony had asked, hands fidgeting, he had blown up on the other young man which had eventually proven what he had been telling himself for months. This was for the best; for the both of them.
Steve refused to back down, though, because here it was. The missing piece he could have never found on his own. the reason he’d been kept up at night since they’d parted ways. He’d questioned the whys of Tony’s choices for months, and here it was. Why had Tony sided with the Accords, with Ross of all people, after everything? After SHIELD and his own dealings with Congress? What made him snap?
“Wanda hasn’t commed in,” are Nat’s first words when he comes out of his room and into the kitchen for some breakfast. His eyes feel sore and his hand was still shaking, but he ignored it. There was nothing he could do about that. There hadn’t been anything he could do but sit on his fucking ass for the last two years. Running, hiding, hunting… mindlessly moving through the motions.
Tony’s eyes are wide as he looks at him, a sense of wonder in his face, even though he hasn’t gotten up or slacked his hands around the baby. Steve’s sense of self-hatred makes him feel small, but he resolutely pushes that away and looks down to the claw clipped onto his shirt. He pats the poor boy to comfort him, and he makes a definite whining beep back at him.
He drops his duffle in surprise and makes his way to the bed on limbs that feel as shaky as a new born colt’s. He can’t make his fingers stop shaking as he reaches out a hand to trace around one the edge. There are no scratches on it anymore. There’s no dents or—the blood has been wiped clean of it. He sucks in a deep breath, and it goes out as a sob.
They stand in silence. Tony because he seems to have run out of steam, out of will to fight, and Steve because the pressure in his chest of the guilt and heartache makes it impossible for him to even breathe. He wants to vehemently refuse in that instant, wants to be angry at Tony for even suggesting that he would care so little about someone who obviously meant so much to him, but the hypocrisy of it leaves a bitter taste on his tongue. Maybe that’s part of why, and he never allowed himself to voice that selfish thought. Maybe he hadn’t told Tony about Bucky because he’d assumed the man’s dislike for his father would translate to his mother. Maybe one of the reasons he’d bit his tongue so many times was because, to him and his selfishness, Maria had been nothing more than an idea.
Alas, he knows this is the only way. The threat won’t go away just because Tony is on Earth. He knows that, he’s
He finds King T’Challa loitering outside the conference room, and though he sees that the others are already inside nobody is paying attention to the monarch. They’re all having separate, hushed conversations or looking down at the big tome in front of them. Natasha and the Captain seem to be deep in conversation about something that looks intense.
“I think we can safely say that kissing isn't off-putting for either one of us, so um.” Tony falters, as Steve very slowly rolls off of him to sit on the end of the couch. “Um. Go us?” He finishes weakly. He wants to sit up and clasp Steve's shoulder. Steve looks more than a little mortified, and that's just not on. Tony hates it when Steve looks like that, so he gingerly sits up, pushing his shirt out and trying to pull it over his own obvious arousal as he goes.
Steve pauses for a moment to take Tony in when he finally makes his way back down to the kitchen  His shirt is unbuttoned nearly down to the navel, the deep red of it framing warm golden skin, forearms bare where the long sleeves have been rolled up.  His dark slacks are still buttoned, the shirt half tucked in at the waistband. Deep burgundy slippers cover his feet, and his black hair is in an attractive state of dishevelment.  Steve never wants him to look any different; it's just, it's a really good look on him.
When they arrived at their seats up in the club area, Tony immediately set his briefcase beneath his seat, and Steve put the portfolio behind them, where it would cause the least disruption to anyone walking around.   A tall reedy looking beta was already there waiting for them.  He was a little stringy, with small watery eyes and one of the worst toupees Steve had ever seen.
JARVIS takes particular amusement in showing him the stranger of the conspiracy theories, as well as the veritable flurry of activity that follows any appearances of one of his winter sweaters. Even the occasional hoodie seems to stir the pot. Tony frowns at himself in the floor length mirror near his bed as he does up the buttons of his shirt.
is. This is just a kiss-multiple kisses after all, and with Steve's minimal experience it makes sense he'd get excited, this doesn't mean he actually wants Tony. Even though Tony is about two seconds away from offering to get the lube, Steve can't possibly want that. He has to get himself back under control, he has to pull away from Steve, has to get up off the couch and pretend this is all in the name of curiosity. That thought goes fluttering away when Steve braces one hand on the couch, Tony feels it dip the cushion down beneath his back, and then Steve is kissing him again, and it's all Tony can do to keep his moaning from getting too loud and obvious. Steve is rocking against him slightly, and the thought that this is Captain America, no, this is
“I really do want to find a way to help you with that though Steve. That's a huge problem with the serum.” Tony squirms out of his arms, taking Steve's arm by the wrist to tug him from the room and down the hall towards the elevator.
“Maybe, but I’m not touchin’ you, so don’t ask.”  A round of scattered laughter met the words, and Steve felt his whole body go hot with embarrassment.  Everyone had heard, of course they had.  It wasn’t polite to ask all this stuff of an omega he barely knew, and what’s more, Steve was not big and strong.  The way alphas were supposed to be, the way his ma’ and his dad had been.  The way he hoped he might be if it turned out he was an alpha too.  Russell was an omega, he’d have his pick.
It is not either Wanda or Pietro’s first mission, but it is by far the most important objective they have ever been given. Their performance on the field this time around will determine their usefulness to the empire. Their failure will result in termination. The thought brings a tightness to his chest, a dark coiling feeling of dread.
Stupid. So stupid. So unfair. But she knew it was true. Dashing away the prick of tears Nyota continued.
It shouldn’t even have been that big of a deal, except when Tony had touched him it had felt like finally taking a breath after nearly drowning.
Caps eyes met his for a brief moment and Tony saw the same grim understanding reflected back at him. Somehow, the Avengers had to stop whoever was trying to abduct Justice Walsh’s daughter, and apprehend those teenagers before SHIELD or the police could. They’d be scapegoats in the governments hands, and Tony shuddered to think what SHIELD would do with them and their tech.
’ Tony’s eyes seemed to whisper across the distance, and Steve didn’t want to guess what his face looked like as warmth spread through his chest and slow lazy heat curled in his belly.
“We don’t mean to snoop, Tony, or to imply that you can’t take care of yourself,” Bruce had insisted, tapping nervously against the handle of his coffee mug.
"No it isn't." The denial came quickly, Bruce's tone perfectly level but there was something so firm in it that any response Tony could make died on his tongue and Bruce's lips tilted into that familiar half smile of his.
"...You mean like a phoenix?" Tony asked after a telling pause and Thor imagined him blinking at her behind the faceplate.
Next up: Prince T'Challa tries to bury the hatchet but it's rough going cause Tony kinda wants to bury it in his back, but necessity demands he find a level of chill (he struggles). With the surgery arrived Tony needs a lot of help from his friends to keep it all together and Clint learns a valuable lesson from an unexpected source.
Jaime points toward Nyota who has abandoned sleep and is sitting up on the rug, her sleep matted hair softening the frankly murderous expression clouding her little face. She’s not an easy riser.
He tried to shake the strange feeling of creeping panic in the back of his mind as he quickly assessed the situation. Six A.C. officers were anxiously approaching an overturned cart in the center of the floor with weapons drawn. The cart’s wheels were still spinning, and the merchandise it had once displayed was scattered far and wide. There were two noticeable bullet holes in the underside, hiking Tony’s anxiety up a notch. One or both could be injured, and either one was bad news. Potential enemies or not, he didn’t want harm to come to these kits, these
“Yes.” T’Challa answered simply. “There are pros and cons to everything, and one of the cons to our biology is there is little hiding chemistry when it’s there. It’s been known to cause more than a few fights between rival suitors. Captain Rogers must have feel his claim on your affections was under threat.”
"She said the broth could show us any possible future." He settled with. "So if you were on an Island with a mate, then it's possible."
“You’re right.” His voice was so thin it was near a whisper but when he turned back to the vision of Barnes, jaw clenched tight, and spoke next it was stronger.
“I’m sorry Ayeba, but it has been that way since the beginning of our people. Since Namer lost his heart to Neithotep and vowed to hold her as queen in his heart upon the stone.” Tony’s widening eyes were drawn to the place where he knew the Nehe stone rested against T’Challa’s chest.
And now, here Tony was. Strapped into another tin can, about to have another serum infused into his blood and bone, not enough morphine in the world to be helpful.
Natasha, shivering, pressed closer to his back and more of her warmth leeched from her body to his. There was something not quite natural about how steadily he could feel that warmth, how purposefully his body seemed to take it from hers and he knew that she had to be giving it to him somehow.
“Yeah I get that. Sorry,” Peter apologized, wincing at his blunder. “I hate when people call me it too.”
“Do I have to wear a tie?” he asked, even though he already knew damn well because Miss Potts had come around to his room with a very short list of things he was allowed to wear and a list so long of subjects he wasn’t allowed to broach while dining with the Prince that he could have made a dress out of it.
Like a magnet, Tony went to Steve and kissed the man. He had to push up a bit on his toes, but Steve leaned down to meet him, the motion seamless. Steve’s mouth tasted like welcome, and Tony smiled against his lips, heart thudding wildly.
Because even now, Clint could still see him like it was yesterday. After months of dancing Clint had finally pushed them over the line into the realm of lovers. It cost him most of his secrets. Nights full of bare confessions with only scant parts omitted for professionalism's sake, because Tony wouldn't open for anything less than 'I'll show you mine if you show me yours'.
"Sorry. Bond talk." Tony explained, waving his hand as if he could wave the situation away. "But for the record I'm older than Romanov which makes me the big brother."
Lab time was enough to perk Harley up and get him chattering again as he followed Bruce out (thank fuck) and Tony took that opportunity to exit with Jena who apologized again for the incident as soon as they were in the hall.
It wasn't unheard of, just rare. Even Howard, who had been wealthy enough that people might have looked the other way, hadn't bothered to claim Tony while he was alive.
But speaking of Clint, Tony knew far better to fall for an undercover agent in a mask for god's sake. Catman got major points for cleverness and the second sexiest tech Tony had ever touched (his babies would always be first for him) but he didn't even know the guy.
"All I know is the more we know about these things the better." Steve said, crossing his arms over his chest, his gaze fixing on Tony in that 'I'm worried about you so I'm going to start acting like the worlds most overprotective dad' kind of way, that even now that he understood it better still crawled up Tony's back the wrong way. "I still don't think it's smart to put something in your body you know next to nothing about. You have no idea what it could do to you."
Steve is bright, fire siren red, and Tony wants to kiss him, wants to cling tight and never let him go. He also wants to talk to him, to remind him of all the good things other than Tony Stark here in the present. As much as he wants that kiss though, and to talk, and maybe air out some things Steve has obviously been keeping locked up tighter than a SHIELD prison-it's not a good idea right this moment. His state of mind is all upside down and sideways. Too many terrible things bubbling below the surface. He might end up clocking Steve across the face if they kiss now. That and Tony's self aware enough to know his mouth probably tastes pretty dreadful right now, but that does nothing to stop him from
After Stark leaves Steve sits on his bed heavily. The room is bigger than anything he's ever had. Bigger than his apartment in Brooklyn. He almost wants to call mister Stark back and ask him if there are any smaller rooms in the mansion-this just feels excessive.
The party is in full swing before Tony makes his appearance. He comes swanning in with a glass of something pale green in his hand that Steve recognizes as one of the drinks Jan has been mixing up since the party began. His slippers are indeed red and gold, matching the gold jingle bells on his red and green sweater, a pair of brown leggings with reindeer right over his distractingly round behind stare out at Steve accusingly when Tony bends to adjust one of his slippers.
“I'll come with you,” Steve says immediately, clambering from the bed on wobbly legs. Tony is there at his side before he can even truly register it, guiding him into the bathroom and laying a towel across the long bench in the corner. He's vaguely aware of being laid down on the bench, of Tony moving around the bathroom, turning on the taps to the giant sunken tub he can see through a door he mistakenly thought belonged to a closet when he was in this room last. Tony is back before he can truly miss him, cuddling close and taking a warm damp cloth and passing over his chest, cleaning him with slow, even strokes.
make those kinds of faces at Steve, not matter what Jan says when she thinks he's not paying attention.
The table is set formally, with fine plates his ma’ probably would have shrieked in terror about if Steve had so much as looked at them.  Two wine glasses and an open bottle of cabernet sauvignon are placed around a small flower arrangement. The lights are dimmed to a candlelight glow, clearly set up to leave just their two chairs in a pool of light.  Steve feels emotion clogging up his throat. Tony did all this for him, for
“Heimdall, open the Bifrost, I call you to banish this creature into the dark.” Thor calls, drawing their attention from each other. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve sees Iron Man press a gauntleted hand over his chest. The comm line is silent from his end, Steve feels concern well up, a question on the tip of his tongue, when the other Avengers scatter back as a blinding flash of light fills the clearing. The monster rears up, voice cacophonous and deafening as it's torn away from the Earth in a dazzling display of light and sound. When it's gone only a great ring of twisting runes remains.
“So pretty, absolutely gorgeous darling.  There’s no one more perfect, no one for me at any rate.  Does it bother you? I can stop if you like, but I do think that about you baby.”  Tony looks a little pink in the face himself. He feels warm all over, almost dizzy with the praise, and Steve thinks about that, about Tony not calling him pretty, and sweet, and all the other things he says that make his face burn and his brain do loop-de-loops of excitement.
“Yeah, let's not take up the fire lane.” Steve concedes, drawing away from Tony as Happy comes around to open the door for them.
“I'm...okay, systems still online, we're good. What the fuck is that thing?” The glass of the reactor is cracked, smoking holes in the armor around the glowing circle where the creature had clearly intended to rip it out.
Wisdom is not something Steve expected to find in an alien warrior prince, but wisdom it is. He supposes someone like Thor would know a thing or two about feeling out of place. Steve carries those words with him. They're comforting even as they are bittersweet.
When he comes back into the bedroom, Tony is waiting for him; just as he said, almost in the same position he left him.  There are a few toys on the bed he recognizes, but he doesn't get long to look at them, as Tony slinks off the mattress and into his space.
“I want to stay right here, I want breakfast.  You. This, all of this.” Steve gets out, almost too forcefully in his haste to bring that soft smile back.  He takes one of Tony's hands, brings it back to press his face into Tony's palm. Nerves fizzle up in his stomach, fluttering there uselessly, hoping Tony won't laugh at him for how much he wants this, how much he's dreamed of having something like this.  No, this is better, this is real. When he opens his eyes, Tony is looking a little red in the face, gaze cast down, but that soft, warm, private smile is back on his face.
As always, comments and kudos are GREATLY appreciated and cherished.  If you'd like to follow me on tumblr,
“So perfect, so good, Tony, you're so good.” Steve realizes he might be babbling, but Tony seems to like it, clenching around his cock, mouth open and wet against the desk, fingers scrabbling at the tabletop when Steve starts moving his hand over his cock again. He's making a mess of the furniture; precome leaking from the tip messily, hard and velvety hot in Steve's hand.
“You gonna put her name on the research anyway?” He asks knowingly, when they've wandered down into Tony's lab again. Tony should be jet lagged and exhausted, but that seems to be the opposite of the case.
Louder and louder, until he's standing in the doorway of a room he's visited a few times before-a smaller sitting room in dreamy pale tones. It's dark in the room, save for where the curtains have been thrown back to spill moonlight in long icy slats across a white grand piano and the figure sitting there. Tony is playing the piano. Of course he is. His eyes are closed, a dent between his brows as if he's concentrating intensely. Moonlight casts watery shadows over his features, catching on his lashes and making them glow.
People are shouting his name, but it doesn't seem to matter when the dark rears up and drags him under. He has a feeling of deja vu, then that too is swept away, and he's floating, and he's gone, gone,
“Steve, good morning!” Tony is usually not this enthusiastic about daylight, but he supposes it has something to do with the fact that over the past few weeks the tower has been looking more and more festive.
As always comments and kudos are tremendously encouraging and give me something to smile about.  If you'd like to follow my tumblr, it's
Nothing like your mentor at all, he was so serious, used to make me kind of nervous.” Hammer says, and Tony feels himself go cold all over. “But you know, Obie knew how to play the game, knew a good thing when he saw it, a good alliance, partnership. Listen, I'm working on something big, something
“Okay, sure thing, yeah, sit tight, don’t move, I’ll be right back!”  Iron Man said, and spun on his heel, really quite gracefully.  As sleek as the armor was, Steve had seen the way it punched, it had to weigh a whole hell of a lot.  He went haring off into the hallway, Steve heard his steps receding away, and distant movement somewhere down the hall.  He wondered if there was a linen closet down that way.  The floor was warm.  Steve blinked, pressing his feet more tightly against the carpet.  It was definitely heated, and getting warmer, he wondered if Iron Man had done that somehow.
“It's going to be great Tony.” Steve says with feeling, setting his hat and sweater down on the table to draw Tony into a tight hug. Tony melts into it immediately, leaning into his embrace and wrapping his arms around Steve in return. He's warm, and smells of the cinnamon spiced potpourri liberally placed all around the tower.
, but others told him it could become entirely unmistakable that he was an alpha.  If Tony was also an alpha, that might be a little off putting.  Steve frowned, feeling the arousal abate slightly, enough to at least make it back to his room without any awkwardness if he crossed anyone’s path in the hallway.
So fair warning there is some heavy angst in this part, as it deals with Tony's disappearance and presumed death in Seasons 3 and 4.  Steve does NOT handle it well, so if unhealthy coping mechanisms and angst are upsetting to you DO NOT READ THIS CHAPTER.  Part 2 contains our much needed reunion, but first SUFFERING because I'm awful.  Thank you all for your immeasurable patience while I get my shit together!  As always, your comments and kudos are much appreciated and cherished like gifts!
“It's fine Happy, probably wouldn't have panned out anyway.” Steve squares his shoulders, and follows Tony's path; sliding into a booth with him to listen to the many and exciting different kinds of roasts, syrups, and styles of coffee the cafe offers. Steve himself likes the plain drip coffee, but after traveling around Europe for a while he learned a healthy appreciation for the little shots of espresso and the full bodied richness of a well made cappuccino. That and, anything that Tony enjoys this much is reason enough to pay attention.
“Where would I go if I was a good for nothing Nazi with a hood glued to my face?” Steve muttered to himself, eyes fixed on an aerial view of somewhere in the Midwest.  Zemo would not deign to be out there, of that much he was certain. He fancied himself nobility, he had grandiose delusions, and an obsession with his own image and power. He was also big on tradition, villainous tradition, he sure liked his lairs, that ruled out a lot of hiding spots at least.
“Ooh, brave, c'mon Steve, plant one on me!” Behind them Steve can hear the other Avengers cat-calling and yelling, but that doesn't matter when he cups Tony's cheek and tips his face up. Tony's breath stutters a little, lashes fluttering when Steve adjusts the grip of his other hand; slipping his fingers just slightly beneath the back of Tony's sweater to graze over warm skin.
They end up watching Snow White. Tony falls asleep half way through to the feeling of Steve's fingers combing through his hair.
“What when I fell from heaven?” Tony can't help it, and Steve looks amused at least, but the man is more bullheaded than an ox. Tony knows he's not getting out of this conversation.
“You know, if you ever quit your day job you'd make a great race-car driver.” Tony yells over the wind, Steve laughs, dropping one hand down to rub over Tony's forearm, giving his wrist a squeeze.
“It will be dangerous, you may not survive it.”  Maybe another man might have asked more questions.  Maybe another man might have heard that and thought to himself that the price was too high, but Steve felt he had waited lifetimes to hear that, to see the look in someone’s eyes that Dr. Erskine directed at him.  Dr. Erskine had seen something in him, this was his chance.  Steve took a deep breath, and stepped closer to Dr. Erskine, to his future, and held out his hand.
Steve and Sam are across the room dipping strawberries in a chocolate fountain while Carol appears to be glaring a general into submission. There is a story there, he's sure of it. Other Avengers are around as well, almost the entire roster, active or inactive, it would seem. He spots Luke Cage and Jessica Jones dancing together in one of the less busy corners of the dancefloor. He didn't expect all of them to come, the only ones missing are the Spider-Kid and Bruce. Spidey has school, and Bruce is off on one of his adventures and does not do well with events like these and declined the invite despite Tony offering to fly him in.
“Not for me it's not, you don't walk into danger for me.” Tony's eyes are wide, there's an echo there of something else, in the way Tony is standing, in the fine tremors coursing through his body as he stands firm against all their concern.
“Well. I'm not. The chairs in the boardroom are ridiculously comfortable, and they're used to me fidgeting anyway. They don't have to know that today the cause of my wiggling around is Captain America's giant d-”
“I’m getting kinda cold.”  Steve mumbles, setting down his yogurt cup, leaning back against the counter.  Tony’s gaze snaps away from the oven, and he strides over without hesitation to wrap his arms around Steve.
“Yes, yes, we’ll go in, let me see who they’re playing,”  Tony picked up his phone, scrolled around for a moment,  “Seahawks colors, that’s who they’re playing, perfect, I love Seattle anyway.”  Tony grinned, triumphant in his master plan.  He drummed his fingers on the table.  “What do you think, Cap, will you come with me? I’ll buy you as many hot dogs as you like.”  Tony’s eyes were sparkling hopefully,  Steve felt any objection he might have had slip away.
“Dunno, you're the one who knows everything.” Steve says with a grin, reaching up to knead over the tense muscles of Tony's thighs; flushing slightly when Tony groans, and all but melts back into the plush leather behind him.
He passes Iron Man in the hall on his way down, greeting him warmly and getting a wave and a polite 'Captain' in return. The suit is empty, Steve already knows. The others may be fooled, but super-hearing picks up the subtle hum of hollowness vibrating through the armor when its pilot is not in it.
Tony is warm when he wakes up. The smooth coolness of a silk encased pillow cradles his face where he has turned into it. The heavy weight of cover atop him makes him snuggle deeper into the comfort of his bed. It's almost enough to distract him from the crushing pain in his chest, and the too tight feeling in his lungs. Everything hurts. Tony really regrets waking up. He had been having such a pleasant dream too. Something about Captain America picking him up and oh so gently carrying him into bed. Tony pauses, suddenly registering that yes, he really is in his room, and no, he is no longer in what was once his mother's favorite sitting room.
“I think this may be a new kink.” He murmurs dazedly when Steve hefts him up a little higher and leans in to brush his lips over Tony's almost questioningly-as if he's hesitant to take what Tony so clearly wants to give-even if he has Tony pinned against the wall easier than breathing. He knows without a doubt Steve would let him down, would stop instantly if Tony wanted that.  The knowledge of that, how good Steve is, how much integrity, how honorable Steve is-that just makes all of this hotter. Steve seems almost nervous now, moistening his lips and staring into Tony's eyes with an unspoken question there.  he rubs his palms over Tony's thighs, shifts around, his eyes fluttering shut when Tony, presses against him in encouragement.  Another brush of those lips, and Tony lets his mouth open against Steve's, invites him in with little flicks of his tongue against Steve's, and suddenly all that hesitance is gone. Tony flips off the cameras he knows are there behind Steve's back.
be true.” The sarcasm is overwhelming, but their young audience has yet to learn the nuances of Tony Snarkisms.
“Yeah I'm coming. Can we make whoopee in the car?” Steve asks, knowing full well that Tony will get a kick from the out of date slang. Sure enough he's giggling when Steve slides into the back seat with him.
“Sweetheart” He says, kissing Tony's cheek. “Apple pie, sugar.” He continues, smiling wide when Tony's face reddens.
“It’s our pleasure, my pleasure, anything you need, just ask, if I’m not awake, come get me.  I’ll need to get you an Avengers comm too, you can always call on me through that too.”  It was a lot, that much kindness and consideration.  Steve bunched the blanket around his hands, and put his best smile on.  The one Bucky said made him look like a real stand up kind of fella.
“Yeah well, we're both workaholics, knew that when we started this whole thing. Right now I just want you to get better.” Tony doesn't say anything to that. He just presses closer, letting Steve rub between his shoulders, his breath shuddery against Steve's neck where he's hiding his face. “Your chest is really hurting isn't it.” It's not a question.
“Nay, Captain, I only wished to invite you to share a cask of fine Asgardian mead with me while we soaked in one of Anthony's pools, but I see you are otherwise occupied."  Thor gestures down to Tony in his arms.  As surreally appealing as mead and a hot soak with Thor sounds, some part of him suspects he'll be drunk as a skunk by the end of the night, and that's not really on his agenda at the moment.  He can't deny it sounds pretty tempting though.
him and it's amazing. Trolling him and looking tremendously pleased with himself while he's at it. What a guy.
“Goodnight Tony, I love you.” Steve pulls back, pressing Capnana back into his arms, and running his fingers through Tony's hair.
“He's got to be so tired.” He wakes for a moment to the sound of hushed whispers. The movie is playing in the background but this sounds closer.  “Let me get his shoes off, his poor toes.” That's Jan, Tony grunts but doesn't impede her when he feels small hands wrap around one of his ankles. She's careful with the  expensive leather oxfords when she takes them off, setting them aside. His glasses relay her moving around behind him grabbing a blanket, and then she's back, draping it across the pair of them with a tiny fond smile.
“Yes, the key to helping millions of people around the world. These are the adjustments I needed to make it viable for mass use. I had been looking at it all wrong, like machinery, circuitry, seeing biology as something to overcome instead of something to work with, go figure. I still have my original work, but it's a bit too...extreme for the public.” Tony finishes, the little twinkle in his eye glimmering there as if with some closely held private joke. Steve has never seen Tony look quite this excited. It's jaw dropping. He's so beautiful, so wonderful that Steve can't help but kiss all over his face. Can't help but tell him how amazing and inspiring of a man he is.
“Summit Diner, didn't think it was still open, but JARVIS found it for me.” Steve says, helping him off the back of the bike.
need to know about this.” Tony's voice rises despite his desire to keep his head. JARVIS is silent again. Tony crumples up Ty's lovely gift and uses the repulsors to blast it into tiny scraps of paper. It's oddly satisfying.
“How did I get here? The last thing I remember was looking at the atrocious and unacceptable material Cap's uniform was made out of. I can't believe he's fighting in fucking
“Not important, didn't happen.” Natasha doesn't look particularly pleased with him, but what's new.  “Nat, I'm
“I am surprised you did not attend an art school.”  He said later, sitting across from Steve in the hidden barracks at headquarters.  He finally knew why he was there at headquarters, why so much secrecy shrouded everything surrounding Dr. Erskine’s work.  After so long being told he was not what the army wanted, he would have his chance, provided he lived through the procedure.  It was daunting to think about, no matter how Steve turned it over in his mind, but he was determined not to let everyone down.
“Pacific Rim reference? I like it. Have we watched that together?” Tony wonders idly. “But okay, doing as you asked, no boogie boarding or rabbit chasing, can do Steve.”
“JARVIS helped me pick them out.” He says by way of explanation, smoothing his hands over the jacket and sitting back. Tony looks down at the flowers, then up at Steve, then back down at the flowers. Steve just keeps throwing him for a loop, he has no idea what to say to this, and what's worse, the tips of his ears are heating up. “You hands are a little cold.” Steve murmurs, taking both of his hands and rubbing them between his. “Is it too chilly in here?”
“No. You're right it's just.” Steve sighs, eyes big and so blue that Tony can't help but be drawn closer. “Do you really think someone would do something like that? It seems pretty dirty fighting even by a villain's standards.”
“Of course you can have me, you always have. Just had to ask, just had to say so beloved.” Tony breathes into the air between them when they part for a moment to catch their breath.  Tony says it so easily, and it’s true he told Steve he would call him beloved, but hearing him say it is something else. He says it so warmly, affectionately, sweet, like a mouthful of cotton candy.  There’s a look in his blue, blue eyes too, something Steve has seen for awhile now but didn’t have a name for. It hits him like a gut punch that Tony loves him in return.
“What does it want, why was it here?” He sounds steady, but there's an edge of brittleness just beneath the surface that Steve doesn't like one bit.
“You’re an adrenaline junkie, can’t say I’m surprised, I approve.” Tony leaned against the doorway of the kitchen as the rest of the Avengers arrived and crowded around the food Jarvis doled out.  There was a massive side of mutton on the table for Thor.  It seemed to have materialized out of nowhere, or maybe he had just been paying more attention to the way the armor looked in the bright lights of the room.  The way Tony looked when Jan skipped over and shoved a donut in his laughing mouth.
“Perhaps you should not have insulted fair Anthony, this is the price one pays.” Thor says sagely, watching Steve in a way Tony can only qualify as impressed. Tony agrees, it's very impressive.
“Oh,”  He whispers for what feels like the hundredth time tonight “really, I didn't think, I never thought, even before, when you were with-” He lets the sentence trail off, he doesn't want to think of Tony with other people now. People who hurt him, people who
“We have had this discussion before Shellhead, like I said-” Steve reaches up, curling his hand around the back of Tony's neck to bring their foreheads together. “Anytime.” He lets his voice drop an octave, and Tony licks his lips, pressing all along his body in a way that makes Steve almost forget that they're currently in public. That reality reasserts itself with the high pitched sound of what sounds like a child doing her level best so scream her tiny lungs out. Tony jerks back, head twisting around to seek the source of the noise-coming to a stop when he spots a little girl sitting in the snow next to the kicked over remains of a snowman.
“Yeah, feeling's mutual Sweetheart.” Tony flushes a little, reaching up to comb his fingers through the short hairs at Steve's temple. Steve wants to kiss him again, to lean down, cage him against the pillows and lay claim to that talented mouth again-but Tony is warm, snuggly, and more than a little tipsy. It wouldn't be right, no matter how the idea appeals to him.
to you.” He wants Tony to know he thinks the world of him, and is rewarded by the look transforming Tony's features with a blossoming sort of joy.  Tony's smile is like the sun coming up, so warm and real, nothing like the smiles he wears in pictures the press gets of him.
“Colonel Rhodes, if I might suggest you speak with Anthony first, he can apprise you of the situation.”
In the dark, Steve dreamed at times, and at others there was nothing.  There was no concept of how much time passed as he laid in suspended animation within the ice.  The only constant was the cold when he dreamt.  He dreamed of trudging through snow, of missions in the bitterest of winters, of campfires with the Invaders that did nothing to warm any of them.  Bucky was sometimes with them, but more often than not, he was slipping through Steve’s grip, plunging down into freezing cold waters.  He dreamed of fire so hot he could not distinguish it from the burn of the cold, and blood, and explosions so loud they were all Steve heard sometimes for what felt like days on end.
He doesn't wonder if his body will hold out anymore as he clutches the medal in his hands much later in a camp behind enemy lines. His mother is long gone, and his old body with all its aches and pains is too. Still he keeps her gift to him close. “Thank you for keeping me safe.” he whispers to the shining medallion around his neck, tucked beneath his mail shirt.
Still he scooted a little closer while Torch flamed bright and roasted a few sausage links for the Invaders to eat.  They were far behind enemy lines, dug out in the snow.  The cold did not affect him as it once had, but even so, Steve still felt it creeping in, remembered his drafty apartment in the lower east side.  His teeth chattered, and Jim flared a little brighter, baked off more heat.  Jim never said anything about it, but Steve got the idea he saw a lot more than he let on.  Steve appreciated the discretion, and the sun baked scent of ozone he always left behind.
“Oh.” Rhodey breathes, a wide smile creasing his beloved and familiar face, making it new. “It feels like flying.”
“Tony.” Brown eyes snap to him, there's a vulnerability there Steve knows would be all too easy to trip over, knows without a doubt that he's just a few ill said words from having the curtain drawn down.
“You don't have to, it was just a thought, it's silly.” Steve says against Tony's lips, growling when he gets strong fingers tugging at his hair in response.
“Tony-” He murmurs, when Tony scrapes short blunt nails over his back, body arching against his in a long sinuous roll of motion.
“I thought you knew, I,”  He brushed sweaty strands of Steve’s hair back from his face, “everyone knows, I just thought you didn’t want me touching you, the rest of the team asks and-”  He looked distressed suddenly, he held Steve’s face in his hands, “I thought you were getting what you needed some other way-Steve you’ve been dealing with this alone, how long, how long have you been feeling like this?”  He sounded almost frantic, Steve couldn’t imagine why.
“No Captain Rogers, I believe sir is practicing avoidance. He is rather skilled at that.” JARVIS says crisply. Steve's brow furrows with concern. He swings his legs over the side of the bed, and walks over to his dresser to root around in it for a tee.
“You're going to love this,” Tony freezes, he shakes his head, continuing on with just as much excited steam, “or uh, I hope you do. Anyway, JARVIS, activate WINGI45 protocol please.” He throws up dual peace signs, and JARVIS takes that as his cue to open a sliding door off to the side of Tony's work station. A tall robot with a pincer wearing a party hat comes rolling out. It's holding a very heavy looking hanger, and hanging from that is-
“What the fuck, what's in my chest?” His voice sounds like he might have been chewing on gravel earlier, but that doesn't matter.
The hallways are calm and silent, the reason soon becoming apparent when he steps out onto the tower's party deck to find all of the Avengers outside watching the snowfall. All of the Avengers except Tony that is. Steve scans the deck and finally spots him through the windows-he's on a ladder in one of the atriums decorating the biggest blue spruce Steve has ever seen outside of Times square. Huge gold and silver garlands wrap around it, the topper is-Steve blinks-something that looks like his shield.
Steve doesn't dignify that with an answer, choosing instead to tug a gobsmacked Tony after him and into the restaurant-where a perky woman with flaming red hair takes their orders. It becomes obvious after a few moments that they haven't been recognized. Tony sips his coffee and watches Steve across the table, fighting down a giggle when he feels Steve's ankle press against his beneath the table.
“You clean up nice Mister Stark.” He says, stepping in close to take Tony's hand and pressing a kiss against his knuckles. Tony resists the urge to do something really undignified, but it's a close call. Happy can tell though, he's holding the door to the limo open and looking so smug it's a wonder he can even still stand under the weight of it.
“It's okay, I'm fine, the splint works great, and Iron Man set it perfectly.” He hopes it's enough to assuage whatever self imposed guilt Tony has about the whole thing.  Tony tilts his head back, gaze roving over Steve's face searchingly. He's clearly exhausted, dark smudges beneath his eyes, faint pinching around the corners denoting strain. Beneath the comforting smell of woodsmoke Steve catches a whiff of something cool and minty. He wants to ask Tony how Iron Man is doing, to see if he will get a better status report based upon that. There's no doubt in Steve's mind that Tony is probably all bruised up again beneath his soft sweater, and whatever the half shirt is that Steve can feel the lines of when tony pressed close. He keeps his peace though; well aware that Tony guards his secrets as he does few other things.
“Gun it soldier, I have a bet with Barton that we'll make it before noon.” Tony says against his shoulder, arms tightening around Steve's waist when he kicks down the starter and the engine roars to life beneath them.
“Isn’t it though?”  Tony said, half under his breath, then shook his head.  “It’s not your fault, and it’s not important anyway.”
He drinks and it does nothing to quieten his mind. There is no time to properly grieve what has been lost, nor even a body to bury. Bucky is gone, and even the taste of his favorite alcohol brings Steve no comfort.
“Son you’re only seventeen, that’s a year too young for me or any other recruiter.  Wait a year, and come back, that’s all I can tell you.”  She didn’t look all that happy about bursting his bubble, and he had a feeling there was a whole lot more she wanted to say, but she merely pushed back her seat, clasped Steve’s arm and then ushered him on his way.  Steve went without protest, too unhappy with the whole affair to even put up a fight.  Maybe he’d lie to the next recruiter.  He didn’t like the idea of lying at all but, what kind of alpha would he have been if he didn’t even try?
“I'm pretty gone on you too sweetheart.” Steve continues petting him, drawing him into warm kisses that make his entire body tingle. “I'll praise you as much as you like, got a lot to say.”
“Won't work, doesn't matter. Anything short of Rhino tranqs and it won't do a thing. Doubt you've got any of those in your medpack.” Steve has a feeling if he could see Iron Man's face right now he would be gaping at him.
“It's perfect, it's...wow. You really made this for me? The bells and whistles are great. It's perfect. Thank you Tony.” He lets gratitude color the words, not trying to downplay the importance of this gift for even a second.  Tony seems to almost sag with relief before he schools that away, grinning brightly and pulling the uniform down from his wiggling robot.
Steve doesn't feel like a legend. He feels hollowed out and heavy enough to sink back to the bottom of the ocean all at once. Maybe a distraction is all he can hope for. There is really nothing else he
“Well, you're the short and sweet one.” Steve says, snickering when that sets Tony off into an insulted rant.
“Crystal clear, darling, don't worry; that wasn't what I had in mind as it was.” Tony says almost softly, climbing into the backseat beside Steve. The ride doesn't take very long, but Tony wastes no time getting right up in his space, laying his head on his shoulder and stroking over Steve's arm and side. It makes something knot up in Steve's stomach, a lump in his throat when Tony leaves a gentle kiss against the clenched hinge of his jaw.
empty. There's almost always at least one Avenger stuffing their face at any given part of the day or night.
Tony blinks, then blinks again, clapping a hand over his own mouth to quash the hysterical little giggle that wants to escape.  “Oh my god JARVIS, have you been running compatibility
“Maybe I do, maybe I just want you to cart me around.” Tony murmurs, pressing his face against Steve's stomach, inhaling the fresh scent of laundry detergent and old fashioned cologne. He can worry about his dignity later. Dignity is overrated anyway.
“If we are all done with this morning’s drama, then I think it is high time for roll.”  Mrs. Carmichael’s voice broke out over the class, and there was another brief smattering of laughter, but it soon died down, and class began.
vocal, but not in the loud obnoxious way of some of the less than inspiring videos Steve has seen. His pleasure sounds dredged out of him, almost shocked, as if he's surprised by what Steve is doing to him, as if he can't help but gasp and pant, and drop sloppy open mouthed kisses on Steve's lips.
He stays in there for an inordinate amount of time, but it feels so good to just relax.  When he finally gets out of the shower there's a fluffy blue robe hanging on the hook directly outside the area with the glassed in shower, and a pair of warm flannel pajamas in a style he's worn before.  These are new, the tags still on them but the prices removed.
“You're pretty much the only fella I want.” Steve stutters when Tony's eyes go wide. “To help with that, c'mon Tony I'm already embarrassed enough as it is.”
“Well, most of it, darling, I'm afraid the jelly is store-bought, and the muffins as I said.  I thought you might be hungry. You slept a while, longer than usual-” Tony holds his hand up when Steve opens his mouth, pressing a kiss against Steve's cheek.  “and I'm glad you slept so long, it was absolutely perfect seeing all of you here stretched out in my, bed honey, it's always a treat. You're wonderful, sleep as much as you like, and-”  Tony picks up a fork, bringing a good sized bite up to Steve's mouth “eat as much as you like, if you want more, you can have it. You can always have more, sugar, you only have to ask.”
“I have already spoken with miss Potts and we have come to an agreement in regards to your present workload.” JARVIS sounds so very proud of himself. Tony blinks slowly. Maybe he's still asleep, maybe this is all a dream, or some kind of joke maybe?  “Captain Rogers appears to be waiting for you sir, shall I tell him you're on your way?” JARVIS says gently, interrupting his blank eyed staring into nothingness.
“No, this isn't-wasn't your fault shellhead. We'll get you back okay, just hold on, we'll find a way.” Steve cuts off Tony's self blaming train of thought decisively, before it can take on a life of its own. Tony is going to be alone with his thoughts a lot, it's not a comforting reality. A Tony left on his own has a habit of thinking all the world's problems are somehow his own doing.
Clint Barton was also a beta, as he figured out while sparring with him in the training room.  They had gotten up close and personal while Steve wrestled him to the ground, and the scent of clean water and rosemary hit his nose.  He’d gotten a talking to about being too big for his britches that left him grinning for the rest of the day.  Clint was a mouthy fella, he felt like Bucky would have probably gotten along with him.
“Little deeper, just, just...gentle, feels good, but you have to work me up to it, not a supersoldier.” Tony says, spreading his thighs a little wider on the bed and laying his head on his arms as Steve steadily works his fingers against Tony's prostate.  “Oh Jesus, Steve, okay...that's..” Tony groans, one of his legs kicking against the mattress when Steve slips three fingers into his wet hole and rubs at that tender spot while he teases the patch of skin behind Tony's balls with his other hand. His hips buck upwards into the pressure, and he practically writhes on Steve's fingers, blowing out a hiccuping gasp when Steve leans in to lick a stripe up the flexing line of Tony's back.
Iron man looks away, his left hand opens and closes and he shakes his head.  “No,” Iron man says slowly “It's not all like this. Just, maybe don't say that to Stark when you meet him. His ego's big enough.”
“Thor, Avengers, we need you now, now, get over here!” Steve calls over the line, not waiting for an affirmative to throw himself and everything he has into trying to get Iron Man free. Missiles pop and explode, but it doesn't seem to do anything. Steve's lungs burn, and his arm aches as he hits the creature with everything he's got, but it's not enough. Over the chaos he hears the sound of glass cracking. Iron Man screams, just as lightening slams into the hard scaly shell of the monster.
“Oh that blush, you are so so gorgeous, so pretty, so big and beautiful and perfect.  You fit against me just right, don't you, hot stuff?” Tony's voice is so silky smooth, the rumble of it reverberating against Steve's back where they're pressed so close.  Steve opens his mouth to argue-maybe, he doesn't really know, but Tony shushes him, pressing a little closer, his hand rubbing in wider circles over his stomach. “Shh, darling, it's all true, it's how I feel-”
There were pictures of him too, with little accompanying press blurbs.  Pictures of him with other alphas, though he seemed to favor betas, but it meant maybe, just maybe he had a chance.  Or at least, he wasn’t entirely averse to stepping out with another alpha.  That didn’t change the fact that Tony Stark was a man of the future.  Beautiful, charming, with a megawatt smile that could give a fella chest palpitations.  The likelihood he would even want to make time with an old soldier, an old fossil like Steve seemed fanciful at best.  He could feel the drop approaching, but he ignored it, choosing instead to take a look at what the shop had on offer.  There were stones of every color, pictures of happy couples and triads exclaiming over their gifts, promises of love and bonding wherever he turned.
“Love makes you weak, Captain, look, it has delivered you here to me all alone. You came here for vengeance did you not, for your young friend, Bucky? Or perhaps not, why, Captain America is far too noble and good an alpha to stoop to something so lowly as vengeance, what then, hmm?” Zemo was pacing back and forth, waving the disintegrator gun around, fully in his own theater production. Steve just watched him, waiting for an opening. “No, I see, I see now, it is to protect your pretty new teammates from me, so you do not lose them as well. Silly, silly alpha, you always were driven to foolishness by your altruism.” The tone was so mocking, so grating, Steve wanted to take his dinky little gun and shove it down his throat, but too much anger would cloud his judgment, so he centered himself, rolling out of the way when Zemo fired off a shot in his direction. He seemed to think he had the upper hand, that he had Steve where he wanted him, if his lazy use of the gun was anything to go by.
“You want me to hold you?”  Tony asks, already disengaging from Steve's embrace.  His eyes crinkle at the corners so that means he must like the request.  Steve hopes he does, hopes he doesn't think it's as foolish as Steve feels now.
“I wouldn't.” Tony says, when they finish the song; the very last notes still resonating in the room and in Steve's ears. Steve looks up from their joined hands into Tony's eyes; so expressive in the semi-darkness of the room, but Steve can see him clear as day.  “I wouldn't leave you behind. Couldn't.” Tony's hands turn beneath his on the piano, and Steve takes them in his, winding their fingers together.
” Tony gasps, all tension slumping out of his body as Steve laves at his skin, huffing out a laugh at his choice of words. Tony goes easily when Steve reaches one hand up to push him down again, flat against the bed.
“No, Thor is Mighty Muscle Man, also Sparky, I thought we discussed this.” Steve knows Tony well enough to know he’s not really miffed, but the man is an excellent actor at times.  Secret identity notwithstanding.
That sense of rightness is back. The word settling somewhere just behind his heart with warm familiarity.
“That’s just the GPS, they all talk now.”  Tony said, leaning forward to swipe his fingers over a glass panel set into the dash.  It zoomed in a blinking yellow dot, which must have represented where they were.
“Right of course, and by the way, I still can't believe you didn't invite me to the wedding.” Pepper says without missing a beat.
“What's eating him?” Steve asks, slipping his arm from around Tony's waist to get the biggest wok they own out of the cupboards. He's ravenous, even moreso than usual.
all the time, but some days it's harder to ignore.” Steve nods, lifting his hands to kiss over the knuckles.
“Oh hi.” Tony says, levering himself up into a sitting position despite the protests of everyone in the room.
“I know you probably have fancier ones, lots of them, and I’ll,”  It hurt to say it, but he wasn’t going to force a gift on Tony, like that ass end of a shareholder with the game tickets, “I’ll take them back if you don’t want them of course.”
. It was a picture of Tony. he was younger by a few years. He was also almost naked, except for a pair of ripped steady gloves, and some scanty underwear, giving the camera the kind of look that reached in and grabbed a fella by the ears. He posed provocatively on a bed, on his back, with an arch to his spine, hands above his head and jewels all over his body, including a broken diamond choker, still half on, with a trail of glittering gems studding his skin. Courting gifts surrounded him, boxes of bon bons, and clover bangles from Van Cleef and Arpels that probably cost a fortune each. There was an article too, not that Steve was paying it all that much attention; Tony Stark, on Confessions, Tiberius Stone, and Living on the Bleeding Edge of Technology.
“Sleep, Tony, you need it.” Steve speaks right up against his lips, and Tony kisses him again, sighing when Steve pulls back and climbs from the bed.
Tony's about to spit a sonnet about the fantastic-ness of Steve's hands when Clint pipes up from his spot on the other couch. He's perched on the back of it with a bowl of popcorn, staring over at the two of them like they're better entertainment than the movie on the screen.
After Jarvis left, Steve took a sip of the tea.  It was chamomile as he had thought.  It was sweet though, with a soft herbaceous wildflower honey in it, and a hint of lemon.  Steve drank it all, and then refilled the mug with more.  It took some tweaking, but he got the fresh cup tasting the same as Jarvis’ version.  He drank it slowly, until just the dregs were left, the heat ebbed away, and then he dragged himself off to the bathroom to finally take that shower.
“He wears rings, pretty ones, but it looks like he already has a whole collection of those.”  Tony’s hands were always adorned, manicured and well kept even with the scarring.  Steve remembered seeing all his beta classmates come back from the summer with their hands all manicured and their fingernails painted in blushes and reds.  The fashion now seemed to be either bare nails, or wild colors the likes of which Steve had never seen, not used in a paint at any rate.
Tony grunts in aggravation, eyes snapping up despite himself.  “What, hey, that's not nice.” He croaks out, grabbing his abandoned glass of scotch, the melting ice sloshes with the slight tremor in his grip. He doesn't drink it, just holds it, the comforting weight of it in his hand is enough for now. It's probably a pretty bad idea to get drunk right now anyway. Inebriated and maudlin are a decidedly bad combination. Tony knows that all too well. Tony has always felt like there's some terrible chasm at the center of him. A bitter sort of loneliness he can't even begin to address for fear of trusting someone with his heart. He's tried all kinds of things to fill that void, but alcohol and casual sex don't make up for much, no matter how fun they are, who knew? It's been better with Steve around though.  Better, and worse.  He's deliriously happy Steve seems to want him, but it's still terrifying, feeling himself wanting again, putting his heart out there and hoping Steve will actually want it.
“Except Barnes is dead! So, there is no battleground.” Tony snapped and for some reason T’Challa looked completely taken aback by this.
"A lot of what I remember from when I was growing up is either gone or has changed so much it might as well be." Steve hadn't let go of Tony's hand as he meandered toward the door where the loud music was coming from. Up close it looked to be a nightclub, though the sign out front reading Belles wasn't exactly forthcoming. The beefy pair of dudes guarding the door was what gave it away.
“The store has been surrounded and we’re trying to keep things contained since there are hostages involved.”
Ana chortles and Tony snickers so hard his butt hurts, but that just makes him laugh all the harder.
She stared back at him, unresponsive, but Tony could feel the frantic buzzing of her thoughts like a fly fliting just behind his ear. It would be a long time before Natasha was comfortable enough to walk around with her mind opened, naked and defenseless. Truly, Tony understood that she might never be. It just wasn’t who she was.
The tv mounted on the wall opposite of Steve’s hospital bed was dark and blank but he used extremis to keep a steady stream of news coverage playing in the back of his mind. All of the outlets were playing variations on the same theme. The authorities had apprehended two weaponized ferals after a botched kidnapping attempt. Captain America had been rushed to the hospital in critical condition. State of emergency. Stay in your homes. An emergency stay at home order was now in effect for all Gata. Violators would be apprehended by animal control on sight.
The mercenary grunted and cursed until the pain became too much and Tony’s claws dug too deep, and he finally released his hold with a guttural scream. Tony rewarded him by springing away from his reach and firing a repulsor blast straight into his chest with a snarl. The force of the beam drove the guy through the snow and about half a foot into the ground before he combusted, sending up a plume of smoke, snow and dirt.
But if Odin expected this to make some sort of difference he was sorely mistaken. One of the guard's (who heavily resembled a tiger in Tony's highly inexperienced eyes) gave Odin, the All-Father himself, a withering eye and growled, "he is in the company of halflings. They are not fit to approach our Queen."
He’d broken the kid’s wrist and was going in for the kill, but then his sister had been there swinging a chair at his head in her red lingerie.
WHILE IT THRILLS ME THAT YOU HAVE NOT LOST YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR, IT WOULD DO BETTER FOR MY HEART IF YOU LISTENED VERY CAREFULY TO WHAT I SAY, AND STAY AWAY FROM THAT MAN. YOU MUST FOCUS ON THE TASK AT HAND. THE SOLDIER MAY BE A TRAP.
Tony blinked, surprised that T’Challa had said nothing of the fact that attacking an invisible adversary when he could not see them to anticipate a counter attack was frankly suicidal and that he’d be left without back up. All true, and equally valid reasons not to go tearing off after his prey, but nevertheless not enough to keep Tony from acting on the need to continue the hunt, to not let them get away and endanger the lives of his people.
“You could. I can feel you moving around up there.” Bruce murmured in answer, confirming Tony’s suspicion that he wasn’t doing the best job keeping his own thoughts tucked away and wincing at the memory of pain on Bruce’s face when he’d pulled away from him earlier.
Steve lay in his cooling sweat, shivering in the dark as he calmed his breathing. Tony's face floated to the forefront of his mind and his chest pulled tight with longing.
She was more worried about the signal coming from the roof top that was jamming most of her tech and preventing her from keeping tabs on her teammates, which probably meant she was the one lucky enough to have found the golden egg, but she'd have to go in alone and blind to get any evidence.
“You need us to babysit you mean.” Kate muttered darkly but she Nyota could feel that she was resigned to it and that was the best she could hope for.
"I think this a chance for all of us to take a step back and reevaluate just what it is we're doing. An outbreak like this had to be expected. I've been told Anthony was in a very fragile condition -" Robert Stone, the self-proclaimed 'close family friend' who'd come out to speak to the media in Tony's defense was rudely interrupted by Christine Everhart, who yanked the microphone away to sneer.
"JARVIS told me you were taking Sting out for the maiden voyage. How're we doing buddy, everything look good in there?" Tony directed the question toward the open door behind her and Natasha glanced over her shoulder into the cockpit where several lights were flashing on the control station.
For a moment Thor let himself imagine it and found himself smiling. He could so clearly Loki’s aloof expression (so practiced) the grumpy bite to his words as he expressed his resentment at being forced to play the properly chastised youngling, not unlike an irritated cat kneading claws into the upholstery, because even in defeat Loki was never truly defeated. He was too patient for that, too quick and clever and mercurial in thoughts that always carried him miles ahead of the rest of their peers. Too resilient.
Speaking of, the blond giant perked up as Tony shuffled into the kitchen, grinning broadly as he hailed Tony bombastically.
The crowded living room was dripping in lights and evergreen bows, and Bing Crosby was crooning at full volume about snow and hollying his jollies; which was timely because Clint was standing suspiciously close to the eggnog bowl which was now sporting an equally suspicious hand written note stating that it was for adults only. Not that it mattered a great deal because the only child in residence was busy flying the drone Tony had gifted him over everyone’s head.
After twenty years he’d dropped the Mr. and Tony didn’t mind it a single bit when the flamboyantly expressive man called him kitten. Darren called all his girls gata or otherwise kittens.
But the room solidifies around them and fills with the sounds of outside. The woman at the sink pauses with a dish in hand and lets it clatter to the floor where it shatters. She turns slowly and tilts her head, staring at them both in morbid fascination like someone who has wandered into the room in the middle of a movie where the heroine is being chased by a psychotic killer. She can see them. Tony is sure of it.
Except the bastard shot Steve. Steve who had come running even when Tony had told him to stay, and Tony couldn’t even say which one of them he was running for. Him or Bucky? Steve probably didn’t even know, or care to know what had driven him. But one thing Tony knew for sure was, Steve was going to be all kinds of upset when he came to and discovered that Tony may have given his ex-boyfriend brain damage.
Tony knew that Fury had hoped he'd get one whiff of the biggest tomkat in creation and that he'd roll over and ask to be bonded and stuffed full of super kits, but uh no, fuck that.
“You don’t remember the horrifying talk our parents gave us about our bodies changing and what happens when a tom meets a fel?”
“Damn it.” he cursed as he slowed to a stop, already knowing the score even before JARVIS announced the critical blow.
There was a flurry of movement within the crowd and then a low ripple of sound as the tenor of the voices surrounding them rose in confusion. The hair on the back of Steve’s neck rose at the sudden spike in tension and he felt Tony go tense in his arms. Battle ready, he thought fleetingly.
“I only wanted to be with father.” He sniffles into breast and she nuzzles him gently, hands stroking the warm skin of his back.
“I’ve got Clint, he’s alright,” Natasha’s voice came over the comm. “A bump on the head and a fractured rib but it’ll heal up in a day or two.”
“I did know… “ Tony murmured bitterly. He had known. Those people in his dream had told him he needed strength or he’d die. So he’d taken it from the others.
Ah, Thor nodded slowly. He understood the nature of such wishes. He hung his ornaments this year with the same wish in his heart as the last, and he would continue to do so until fate saw fit to grant it. Loki might be lost to him for many more years to come, but Tony was not lost. Not yet.
"Are you handling the truth?" Natasha, rejoined coolly with a knowing stare before asking how many days he’d spent obsessing about it since Steve had told him.  "How many days have you spent picking at this even after I warned you not to?"
Fury had said, sliding Steve a stack of files regarding the initiative its purpose, and his potential teammates.
But now he can’t breathe and the dark is creeping in. The sensation of falling deepens and the breath freezes in his lungs like ice. He thinks he screams.
They were all watching him with heavy gazes, the weight of their concern pressing against his senses and Tony took a deep swallow of his coffee for a brief moment of respite.
She turned to Steve and Tony watched him tense in surprise, his face cycling through bafflement and apprehension as he took in the agonized twist to her mouth and the pleading in her eyes.
They burn the tape. Maybe some other version of them could hear those words and find peace but they can’t.
“You’re going to die of stupidity,” she said, almost sadly, but Tony just grinned, because everybody knows in former assassin that just meant I love you.
There everyone had been, expecting Howard to finally concede to death and do the only sane thing available to him which was to make Obadiah Stane CEO. Tony had been torn between the unexpected devastation of Howards loss (Howard had never been a good father but it didn't seem to matter any where his heart was concerned) and the much more expected and appreciated rage at the old man; for thwarting Tony's chances at independence at every turn and then having the audacity to get himself killed and take Tony's mother with him.
"He kept his own name." Phil informed the other tom matter of factly, with no judgment.  He'd asked Clint if he wanted to keep it because he'd known how important it was to him.
His eyes were blank and dull with undisguised pain, staring into a great nothing. Thor took a step toward him, mouth opening instinctively to reach or to call out, but then he hesitated.
“It’s 2014 down there. Nyota’s not even gonna be born for another three years and the incursion won’t happen for another fifteen years after that. You want us to wait two decades?!”
So he'd given up the hope of having children with Bucky – too risky, and Steve would never be rich enough to pay the fines to avoid prison – but he'd never really needed that anyway. Just Bucky.
He reminded himself that Steve wanted to bond with him. Tony believed that much. He believed that Steve loved the team, and loved him, and wanted to be with him. Steve was as much a part of the team,
The most common effect on the brain after being injected with the virus was a ninety percent success rate at recoding the center of the brain responsible for healing.
“she’s got a com unit on her. She’s smart. She’s powerful. If she were in trouble, she would have let us know already. Nothing we can do by freaking out about her. Remember last time?” and yeah, Steve knows he sounds a little upset. He can’t exactly help her. Wanda has been reckless in the past, and even though Steve
“Mmm, I hear you,” he mumbles and finally manages to push himself back. He’s immediately assaulted with a pair of puppy eyes. Brown and concerned in a face that can’t be older than sixteen, and a mop of wild chocolate curls. Tony blinks at the kid for a second, going from
“Where did he go? He’s not answering his phone,” Peter is tapping at his device frantically as Harley does some complicated finger movements over a StarkPad.
has redirected you in multiple occasions. I must urge you to limit your late night excursions to your quarters or I will be forced to forcibly keep you away.”
He keeps track of the other man. Sends a pray to a God he doesn’t even know he believes in every time Tony does something to his health. There’s been more rehab stunts since then. A couple suicide attempts that had been almost enough to send Steve running, consequences be damned. Nobody says anything about Jarvis, the press aren’t interested in the employees, but he had been there holding onto Tony every time after one of his stays. He’s gone when Tony shuffles into the public again, and that is enough for Steve to know that the last of Tony’s family is gone.
“They said no?” Steve couldn’t quite mask the incredulousness in his voice. He felt that same ugly dark thing rear its head. The anger and disappointment he carried that often led him to forget the good things Tony did. The twisted part of him that still, despite everything, had a hard time looking past the
Steve opens his mouth to deny it, but the words get stuck in his throat. He’s lied enough for a life time, and he’s vowed to himself not to do it again if he can help it. He never would have known it would be this hard. Because he might mean them now, the same way he would have meant them before until he found himself straddling the man he’d come to think of as more than just a friend, and had crushed the symbol of his power. Because he knows, oh does he
“Yes?” he says, barely able to breath, as he turns his head in acknowledgment though he doesn’t look at the other man.
“Stop,” Tony says tiredly. The last thing he wants, now that they are doing so well, is any more empty promises. By the sad look the soldier gives him, he knows that he has managed to convey his point well enough for the blond to get. It hurts, that he can’t even hear the words without the stupid part of him believing them, but he’d rather play it safe. For the time being at least.
“Tony-bot likes to say naughty words,” a young voice chirps in. Tony turns to see Ginny now sitting next to her brother and he grins at the watch strapped to her skinny little wrist. Score for that vintage. She’s looking at Scott as she says it, so he assumes that he’d enquired about their argument. Cassie, who’d been sitting next to her father, nods in confirmation. “So Momma made the rule that he has to drop a hundred dollars into the college funds.”
The hardest session, by far, is the day they talk about the way Tony had reacted the first time they made love. The reason why they were talking to Coulson to start with. He knows Tony and Coulson had agreed that he was ready, even though it had been months since they began and Steve had thought it was just something that he wouldn’t get to know about. He was wrong, though, and he’s incredibly nervous as he sits next to his partner and Tony holds his hand.
“Parents never do,” Tony said gently. He imagined a harried looking man that looked just like him, and a brushed kiss against his cheek. Promises of holiday visits and empty manors. He shook his head to rid himself of the memories.
“Has your mother never told you to respect your elders? And no,” Tony says sternly. “Don’t you start.” Harley giggles, and Tony rolls his eyes, and Steve is left blissfully clueless to what he is sure is some type of inside joke. He doesn’t mind one bit, though. “Anyway, Har this is the Captain. Cap, this is the Hobbit.”
He rushes past her to snatch them up, and she gives a breathy laugh at his enthusiasm. And then, without thinking, Tony plucks the folder from her hands. The mistrust and the panic don’t even register in his head. There is literally nothing here that would hurt him. On the contrary, it gives him more hope than most of the shitty things in his life. So he takes the folder from her, and then in a bout of unequivocal gratefulness and affection for the woman that had seen him through this process for so long, kisses her on the forehead.
“I want to believe you,” he tells Steve and forces his eyes up to meet the other man’s. The blond is a little blurry, but he soldiers on. Heh, soldiers on. Looks like he’s finally what Steve wants, he thinks a bit hysterically. “So desperately, Steve, but—I don’t know if I can. I think we’re finally in a good place, and then it’s like the rug gets torn out from underneath my feet and I’m—I’m right back on the hellicarrier, or—or at Clint’s farm having you—or that bunker and I—all I can see when—when we go at it like that is you getting in my face and—and—the weight—I can feel the gauntlet on my hand, Steve, and I’m so scared. I’m always so scared that I’m going to—that I could—“
about what had really happened to his parents, maybe if both of them had listened to each other rather than entrench themselves on their own stubborn opinions… just, maybe it’s too many maybes for them. Perhaps it’s best to let those demons lie.
Steve is a nobody from Brooklyn who had managed to scrounge up a scholarship with his doodles and no guaranteed of good living after his degree. His days of comfort are numbered; there is
He underestimates his spider, as always, because the kid doesn’t let him retreat. They’ve become experts, he and Peter, at disabling each other’s defensive mechanisms. Without warning, the kid rushes and gives him a solid squeeze. Tony chuckles quietly, and pats him on the back softly. “Harley called,” Peter says quietly, just for him, and the mechanic suppresses a groan. There is a full dress down in his future, and he knows it damn well.
So Bruce tells him what happened, and it takes both Natasha and Vision to get him to let go of the phone and sit down at what the man on the other line is telling him. The ringing in his ears is back, and he knows that Sam and Wanda are trying to talk him out of his impending panic attack, but he can’t hear shit of what they’re saying because all he has, stuck on a loop, are Bruce’s words.
point had never been in contention. She had always, like Tony, stood by the belief that they were liable for their actions. She had, like Tony and Rhodes, wanted a buffer between their powers and the regular folks out there. Wanda opened her mouth, her tension making all of them uncomfortable, but Natasha continued, “they’re requesting your presence at the hearing.”
“You guys are so gross,” Harley’s voice says from their vicinity after a couple minutes of this game. Tony’s cheeks are ruddy with merriment and Steve knows there’s a big besotted grin on his face. His early melancholy, though present, has ebbed. “We’re gonna go play videogames,” he grins at them as he passes by.
Steve is having a good enough life in London, five years after, when the unthinkable happens. He’s managed to make a few friends, Xavier and his maybe-husband Erik who are professors at some institute in New York but spend a lot of time in England. A sometimes air-headed guy named Brian Braddock who is, frankly, hilarious and reminds him a little of his best friend. And then, of course, there’s Peggy.
“Baby?” He touches Tony’s knees with the pads of his fingers, and though he doesn’t say anything, Tony angles his body in his direction. “Sweetheart? Can you tell me what’s wrong?”
Things are a blur for the better part of the next six months as Tony, Peter, Rhodey and even Viz try to figure out how to take care of a baby. Viz keeps regurgitating facts from the internet that have both Tony and Peter convinced that they’re going to kill the baby in less than a week. Rhodey babbles “Three Men and a Baby” quotes when he’s nervous, which happens all the time, and if Tony weren’t so frazzled himself he would tease the holy hell out of him if he weren’t panicking himself. Peter ignores his homework and his patrolling for a good three months, convinced he has to stick to his sister’s side at all costs even though Tony tries to push him to hang out with Ted (“It’s Ned, Dad! God!”) or his girlfriend (“MJ
Also, I hope you are all keeping safe through this global crisis. I wish you the best if you're in a difficult situation right now, and that it gets better at some point. In the mean time, I hope reading these stories brings you a little respite.
thinking about it. And when they were in school, because Natasha had dropped out of expensive ballet school after their parents passed away, tony sat on the side instead of the middle. And even though it was more awkward than before, they still watched movie together and went to amusement parks and bowling alleys and record stores together. It was fine, really, and well when Bucky smiled, Tony still felt that little stutter in his heart, but he was handling.
“Like we were in that prison?” Wanda says, and despite the anger in her tone there is a note of hurt as well. Tony watches the toll it takes on the android.
“He was under my protection,” Tony says as he stares at the middle distance. It’s the only place he feels as though he is safe. “Nobody involved in the Accords, or the task forces, knew his identity. He was meant to come in, help bring you back so that I could convince you to sign, and go back to his life. He still had two years to make a choice.”
“You’re in so much trouble,” Lauran informed him with a mock-stern expression on her face. Most of the others were sitting at the dining room table where a stupid amount of pizzas was waiting. Tasha was handling drinks with Barton, and Ste-
Tony had said as he tinkered with a schematic in the workshop. His hands fidgeting with everything in sight, and his eyes refusing to meet Steve’s.
The blond gulps against his suddenly dry throat and moves to stand beside his friend. Not too close because even he, as emotionally blind as he is, can recognize how fragile the other man is. He would never forgive himself if he were to send Tony into yet another panic attack at a moment like this. So instead, he tries to take in as much detail as he can.
Steve tried not to let the sadness of that thought consume him, though he knew it was true. How could Tony call the Compound home after all the bad memories associated with it? Wasn’t that the reason he must have sold the tower? Too many ghosts crawling around there to make anyone’s night agreeable. And now, the compound that he’d built from the ground up, haunted by the same ghosts that didn’t seem to leave him alone. Steve curled his hands into fists and willed them to stop shaking.
“I’m calling Peter,” the kid says and his voice has taken that no nonsense tone he adopts when Ginny wants to mess around with the roadster Tony sent him.
“Yes, but. Anthony is human. Fully human, Banner, the stress it would take on his body if we were to—”
“Fine?” Rhodey growls, and tries to step towards Steve. His hands are balled into fists, and Tony recognizes that look. Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes is about to make an appearance, and the genius knows that he has to defuse this shit now before they blow it out bigger than it already has. Steve is already devastated, Tony knows, and despite the fact that he feels about to break he knows that he can’t allow Rhodey to hurt him further. Though he is infinitely grateful to have his brother’s support. “He was about to—“
“It—I remembered it, because of you. I don’t—it’s just my shit talking, though. It’s not about—I mean.”
“Thanks for telling me. I’m so sorry, Dad. I’m so sorry for what he did,” and he sounds it too. He sounds like he means it.
“I’ve spoken to her,” Phil says quickly. There’s a grunt, and then the familiar sound of his taser. Tasha smiles. It’s nice to know that some things never seem to change. “She seems to be under the impression that she’s helping. Giving him some time to cool off.”
“I don’t know why we can’t stay,” Cooper mutters, and it’s the first thing he’s said since he stepped into the room.
Tony realizes then. He may be raw and brittle and just as wide open as the captain, but now he’s got the upper hand. He’s been
“It wasn’t your fault,” and when he says it Steve realizes that it’s the first time the words have left his mouth. He squares his shoulders and forces Tony to meet his eyes when the other man makes a move as if he’s going to argue. “You hear me, Tony Stark? Ultron was not your fault alone, and we were a failure of a team for ever making you think it was. We failed you, Tony, and I can only hope that you will let us try again. As a team. As a family. Together. And the Accords? You were doing what you thought was best, and I didn’t listen. I won’t even pretend as though I thought about your reasons. I decided that you were wrong, and refused to compromise. That’s not what a leader does, that is not what a partner does, and that is certainly not what a friend does.”
, brought a certain type of depressing peace. In the end there was nothing he could have done to keep the others around. They were going to leave him eventually. The only thing Tony had done wrong was become complacent, like with Pepper, while they were still around. All he had done wrong is believe that they’d find him worthy despite the overwhelming evidence to the contrary.
“Hi, Tony!” she chirps excitedly as she wraps her arms around his middle. “Are we gonna see DUM-E? I liked playing with him last time, and he likes fetching things for Baby Bart. Why is daddy here? Laura said we were gonna come visit you ‘cause you’ve been sad, but she didn’t say he was here.”
“As if they ever do,” Tony says and he tries to sound angry but he knows it comes out fonder than anything. It’s not like he can ever truly be angry at the people he loves, anyway. “But as I said, we’re trying to keep the peace at the moment.”
“Hey, hey, baby, look at me,” Tony says softly, hands framing Steve’s face. “It’s fine, all right? Everyone here, the boys included, understand that to an extent. We’ve been through this alone, and nobody is going to let you do the same, okay? You’ve got your team. You’ve got your
“Hey, Steve,” he says quietly. The soldier hmms and tightens his arm around Tony to convey he’s listening. The mechanic’s heart already feels lighter, and he tries to ignore how terrified that makes him. The little voice in the back of his head that warns against trusting the blond again is starting to sound too loud, too insistent, and he ruthless pushes it as far back as he can. At least for now. “I have something that I want to show you.”
Though his words weren’t directed at just one person in the room, Steve saw T’Challa’s eyes flicker to Clint and himself often. He met the archer’s eyes across the table and saw the slight shame in the other man’s eyes. Yeah, he wasn’t the only one who was getting the message loud and clear. T’Challa then went on to explain how the proceeding was to go and a bare-bones summary of what SI’s lawyers had prepared for the defense. Steve had read the report a few times through in the past few days and felt his chest loosen each time. It was clear that whoever Tony had hired knew what they were doing, and genuinely wanted to help. He knew Wanda was in good hands even if they weren’t his own. It had been a hard pill to swallow, but he felt confident in that they were going to bring her back safely.
The king laughs, and Tony smirks. The unlikely companionship they’d struck was something he never would have predicted, futurist brain or not. Tony had always thought himself too lowly, too jaded and dirty, to attract pure hearted people like the young monarch. If nothing else, at least he can be glad that he’d gained an allied, maybe even a friend.
“You’re Spiderman,” Sam says with a stunned look on his face. Tony recalls him getting whooped around by the bug during their confrontation.
, how much he wanted to just—hand me everything ‘cause he thought it’d keep me around. When we came back from Christmas break for our second semester, he was right back where we started. Partying, and blowing off his classes, but by then we had one class together. And I got to
Also, please suspend disbelief for those of you who know how university housing works. Cause i sure as fuck don't lmao. I'm living at home in the meantime so... ya know, LOL
Because Tony knows his husband, knows him to a level that he had never thought possible, and he knows that wherever he is  he will know, and soon, and he will try to fight. God knows if he will have the time or the means to check on the kids.
“Rhodes—” the name is strangled out of his throat as he gets off his chair and onto his knees in an easy glide to the floor. It’s so simple, ingrained in his memories now as something that he just
So Tony uses the excuse of having the compound to himself, and the fact that for once Ross is leaving him the hell alone. Paternal leave is working for something, and Tony has never been happier that he had pushed for an extension at Stark Industries despite what the mummies on the board had wanted. Sexist pricks. Peter has been out for the summer for a couple weeks now and he’s spending most of his time glued to his baby sister or trying not to get caught when he tries to go on patrol.
There was also a neatly folded shirt in navy, green and silver.  Steve pulled it out of the envelope and held it up to himself.  It was a little large, which was perfect for wearing over his uniform.  If they were going to be out in public, he had to be prepared.  He wasn’t sure how he’d bring the shield, but he’d manage.  Steve couldn’t help but feel excited.  Tony wanted him to come to the game, had set this whole thing up, and had even given him gifts to go along with it.  It was thoughtful, generous in the way Tony always was.
be trying a little harder to talk Steve down when he presses Hammer against the bars, and gets in his face, but it's an inspiring sight, and Tony is only human.
of him, Steve Rogers, and more than one museum.  It was surreal to think on, the way the world saw him; more myth than man.  He wondered what all those storytellers would say now if they could see him, alone in his bed clutching a plush water bottle close, with the drop leaving him a shaking mess.  Icons couldn’t bleed, they couldn’t be human, he knew that, but it still hurt in a way.
a lot.” Tony presses against Steve, uncaring that he's shamelessly draped across the man's lap in a public space. If pictures of this somehow get out the stock dip will be worth it for the way Steve is looking at him right now.
“Wait, you didn't mention Cap in that list.” Sam says, all of them have stopped to watch Hulk toss a screaming Doom around like a rag-doll.
His own suit is deep blue, a Van Dyne design Jan made herself, woven through with tiny specks of gold thread. It matches the ring Tony slips on his finger, gold titanium alloy inscribed with a promise. He'll wear it tonight, and around the tower, but keep it around a chain for battles. The serum didn't make him immune to degloving after all. Still, for tonight he wouldn't remove it for just about anything.
“Nope, red and gold, of course.” Tony says with a grin.  “But I want you all to dress comfortably, this isn't like one of those galas-just us. Well us and Pepper, Happy, and Rhodey of course. All the important people.” There's something fragile in the statement. For all the press paints Tony as a promiscuous party boy Lothario, in all the time they've been a team, Steve can count how many parties the man has been to on one hand. Of those parties, only one had been for something other than Stark Industries. It makes something warm settle over him, that Tony only wants those he's closest to joining them. It means tonight he will just be Tony, instead of Tony Stark. There's a clear difference between his public persona, and the person he is in private. Steve loves all of Tony, even the masks, but his Tony is the clear favorite.
“No one ever said I was fair” Steve murmurs, leaning back in the seat and bringing his other hand up to lick and suck at his fingers, blue eyes locked with Tony's as he draws his fingers out of his mouth and reaches behind Tony.
“Did you just assemble us to give us hats?” Natasha asks, holding hers out and inspecting it critically. It's one of the more understated of the group. A gauzy white tree with little gems for ornaments. She looks around, seemingly taking note of Thor's reindeer horned helmet, Clint's bell strewn dual beer can hat, and Sam's wreath halo. Her lips quirk in a smile. “Mine is the prettiest.” She says with satisfaction, but Jan clears her throat, tapping her foot critically.
“I’d really like to learn how to throw a punch without breaking my hand,” Steve blurted out, “Mister Lorenzo.  I’d like to learn how to protect someone better if I needed to.”  He amended, already calculating the extra shift he’d have to take on to pay for the monthly membership.  It would be worth it, if he could learn.
“Put me down, if that happens to me, I don’t, I can’t live like that.”  Steve said, surprising even himself with the vehemence in his tone.
The fingers leave him, and then Steve is lifting him, slipping a pillow beneath his hips, letting him settle down upon it. He kisses over Tony's back, trails his hands over the muscles he finds there, testing, feeling for tension. There is none. Tony is warm and relaxed beneath him, although almost painfully aroused. Against the pillow, his cock is hard and hot, but it's a distant sort of thing, hazy and sticky sweet pleasure racing down his spine when Steve replaces his deep massaging touches with kisses that trace paths over his shoulders, the jut of his scapulae, then lower and lower, until he's swirling his tongue in the divots just above Tony's ass, hands around the backs of Tony's thighs, tight to hold him there so he doesn't squirm.
More often than not their paths cross, break over each other like the foaming waves on a rocky beach. The plane warps around him, ice cracks, and suddenly he is there; golden and vibrant and alive even in the shadow Steve has been resting in for so long. It is a surprise for them both, but Steve reaches for him again, gaze drawn to a flickering flame of gold around his soulmate's neck, and the glass of gold in his hand. Familiar blue eyes are clouded with tears, but the house they are in is unfamiliar.
“Aw but it's my birthday.” Tony tries to sound put out, but he's too languid and relaxed for that. Steve just shakes his head, sauntering over to pull Tony back into his arms and into bed. “Breakfast later? Birthday kisses now, because you love me?” Tony says hopefully.
Steve didn’t say anything, stepping up onto the jet boots and leaning against the armor.  The flight back was quiet, but his mind was racing.  His body felt both strung tight and as if he were weighed down by the ice the Avengers found him in.  He felt nauseated, sick to his soul.  God he was tired.  He wanted to rest, he wanted to
pathetic.  He wonders how Steve can even stand to be there right now, but he does still, for some reason.  He stays right by Tony's side while JARVIS drags Hammer off to parts unknown. Crickets chirp, the sound of nightbirds slowly brings Tony around, as does Steve's constant stream of words.
“So Tony, what about dessert?”  He says when his plate is thoroughly scraped clean, their wine bottle empty.  Beneath the table their ankles brush, and Steve grabs Tony’s wrist on impulse to press a kiss over the back of his hand.
“You really like him, huh-I'm glad. I want to bring you things you like.” Steve's cheeks are still red, growing a little redder when he takes Capnana off the dresser and brings it over so Tony can clutch it close.
“I thought you were just like that with your friends, thought you were kidding when you...oh that's nice, touch me more mmm...” He all but purrs, pressing up into Steve's touches.  Steve chuckles, rubbing his knuckles over Tony's throat, his clavicles and the smooth scarring around the arc reactor. “when you flirted back.” He finishes, voice cracking when Steve rocks against him.
Shopping ended up consisting of Jan, Natasha, and Clint forcing him to try on increasingly ridiculous looking get ups at various department stores.  Well, he thought they were ridiculous, but Jan insisted he looked handsome, and the others agreed.  Outnumbered and charmed, he’d spent a king’s ransom on new pants, shoes, a few jackets, and shirts Natasha said made him look
