Collecting the bags around our feet, I followed Holmes up to the door and, tentative, we peeped inside.  There was no-one in the hall.  Off to one side, the sitting-room, we heard much laughter and animated conversation.  My friend tapped sharply, twice, and in we went.
He pulled out a further bundle, this one consisting of letters and paperwork and a few old, betattered diaries.  As I stared at the bounty now spread out around me, so neatly tied up with red ribbon, my friend set to reading the papers.
“No,” said he, “I am sure that it was not.”
“Victor, we are going into the village for an hour.  While we are gone, I must ask you that you take watch by the front for that old woman.  You must not glance away for even a second.  If you should see her, she
“Oh!”  I followed the direction of his finger-point, and traced it to the table.  “Oh!  I didn't notice.”  On my own plate, a neat white envelope.  “I don't recognise the writing.”
“I feel much better,” I admitted.  “Thank you, Holmes.  What is the news?”
a tomb.”  He took a step towards me.  “John,” he said.  And then he paused.  “You will allow me...?”
“No, no,” said he, all of a fluster.
,” he said.
.  He is obnoxious.  You should have seen the way he glared at me.”
.  “Shall I call down to Mrs. Hudson for some tea?”
Holmes fairly chivvied me down the hallway.  It was becoming his grand feature, and I resisted it but weakly.
charm.  Your...
Holmes nodded.  “Indeed, as so it proved with our friend Talmadge.  Do you know anything of crystal, Watson?”
“My what?  I was at dinner with Anstruther, Holmes.  I--”
“Later, perhaps.  Where
He grabbed my hand and thrust it to his trouser front.  “I'm hard,” he said, matter-of-fact.  “Make up your mind.”
The fellow sighed, but he relented.
I was so deep inside my head, I had not noticed that my friend had ceased his work and was now leaning back and watching me.  His eyes seemed black and hooded from the shadows in the room; the expression on his face seemed raw and vulnerable – the encounter with his brother had so affected him, no doubt.  Then in a second, he reassumed his mask: the cool, the calm, collected.  Sherlock Holmes blinked once-twice-thrice, as if his engine were restarting after dawdling awhile.
“Yes,” said he, with a tweak to my ribs.  “I remember.”
“I suppose,” said my friend.  “It doesn't matter to me.  I could sleep on the floor.  It is all the same thing.”
talking of my childhood,” he said, his mouth set stubbornly.  “I never have, and never will.”
“Not remotely,” he said crossly.  “I really wish I hadn't asked to bring you out, if
“I want you desperately.”
We said goodbye and parted ways.  I whistled all the way to Upper Wimpole Street.
And our snorts no doubt disturbed the sleep of Victor and of Gregson, and the thought of that amused us even more.
I erupted into laughter; I could not help it in the slightest.  The irritated starfish on the sofa roused itself and cast a glare in my direction.
My thoughts flew to Spencer, or Pike, or some other low creature.  “Whatever is it?”
“You'll have the opportunity,” said Adams, “between the egg hunts and the string quartet.”
“Good morning, madam,” I said pleasantly, turning around to greet the lady.  “It seems that we are travelling together.  I am John Watson.”  And I tipped my hat.
(Had I always been so devious?  Perhaps.)
Holmes sniffed.  “I'm off to take a walk,” said he.  “I'll see you later on, perhaps.”
“And then we'll talk things through,” he said.  He laughed a little at my face, crestfallen as it surely was.  “To
“And now I will have to
Holmes made no move towards the table, nor any further comment even; remaining curled upon his chair and sending intermittent puffs of thin grey smoke into the air.
I laughed aloud.  “Oh, he does
“Good god,” I said.
And now, with the question raised, my poor brother's memory was painful once again, as if the grief from his demise had never healed – at least, not fully.
“Come
“You have rather more money than sense,” I informed him.
“By that point, Spencer would have already endured his meeting with Pike.  He would be anxious, then, suspicious – and rightly so – of being double crossed.  So he keeps a watchful eye, perhaps, on Baker Street.  And of course, what does he see but us departing, bags in hand, for who knows where.  Panicked, he needs to know where we are headed.  With no time to leave his dog at home, he jumps on the train to follow us.  I am merely surmising.  ...  Drat it, John.”  Holmes struck the brick wall with his fist.  “Spencer must be oddly skilled in the art of shadowing, otherwise I should have spotted him.”
We made it only just in time.  Gregson's flaxen head was stuck out from a carriage window.  He was looking left to right and seemed about to give up in disgust when we cantered up and climbed inside, pulling shut the narrow door.
And there were Victor and Gregson, loosely entwined upon the sofa.  They looked up upon our entrance.
“Oh, well, that is altogether very different!” he exclaimed.  “My, my!  Who has been talking about me?  How very kind.”  He adjusted his spectacles; the most futile of gestures.  “Now, please, my honourable gentlemen, what can I do for you?”
He was no longer limping at least.  I made a mental note to set aside some minutes in the evening.  My friend was already in front of his bedroom mirror, smoothing back his thick mop of black hair and reaching out for his coat.  He bounded back through the doorway to scoop up his hat.
“Do you ever wonder about the future, John?” he asked then suddenly.
“Yes, I believe you did say.  Did you perhaps hear the visitor talking with your master at the door, or in the hall?”
, thank you Holmes.”
“And how did your father happen to come by this skull?” Holmes enquired.  “Had it been in his possession for very long?”
He seemed a little left of sideways all the same.
“Please,” said he, “let me serve you a drink.  There is a scotch whisky or brandy, or would you perhaps prefer a cocktail?  I am not sure where the cocktail glasses
“I applied your own methods,” I chuckled.  “I don't want you trimming my hair.  Not after the last time.”
And then dear Billy, when he came to stoke the fire and check the coals.  He was mute, almost, and quite unlike his normal, cheery self.  A grown man now, still loyal; fiercely so.  He shook our hands, and bowed.
are ridiculous.”
“Well, never mind that.  What are we doing to do now?  This is a terrible mess.”
Mrs. Oaks stood there before us.  Her large and bulbous nose appeared the more-so in the shadows cast by lamplight.  She was wearing a long woollen shawl that wrapped around her shoulders and hung down to her large booted feet.  Her skirts were much the worse for wear, and her bonnet dangled ribbons that had seen far better days.  Her expression, though, now that the shock of meeting her had faded, was a kindly one.
“I can't understand it,” said he, while sat in his chair by the fire, forlorn.  “The fellow has pigeon toes, knock-knees and shingles.  By rights he ought to be slower than a snail in molasses.  Why can't I out-run him?  Watson?  Explain.”
I picked up the paper and examined both sides.  In a loping script, these words:
“Never mind that,” he retorted brusquely.  “It does not matter.  What matters is that you are late, and the coffee pot is cold.”
“New stories might be written about you,” I said.  “An actor might
I shook my head.
The afternoon was spent unpacking and arranging our possessions.  There was more space than the either of us knew quite what to do with, and that pleased us both immensely.  We had arranged that Mrs. Oaks pay us a visit before five, so that we might become acquainted.  As the time of the meeting drew near we took breath, and retired to the front to look out on the path.
“I'm so sorry,” I replied, apologetic.  I crossed to our bay window, where the daylight was trying its best upon this dreary, cloudy day in dark December.  I slid a thumbnail underneath the flap and, probing, withdrew the content.  By this point, Holmes had followed me and was standing at my back with his sharp chin upon my shoulder – an odd behaviour which this past year I had grown used to – to the best of my ability.  The card depicted a merry winter scene, snow-laden countryside, a frozen pond and skaters, and small dogs yapping on the bank.  At the crown of this picturesque view came the greeting:
“That is much better.”  I thought carefully.  The vaguest canny notion was emerging through the amber-tinted crystal in my hand.  “I am the first real friend you've had.”
Breakfast on Sunday was spent alone, for Holmes was still abed despite the lateness of the hour.  I had consumed three cups of coffee and two generous helpings of ham and eggs before his bedroom door drew open.  My friend appeared surprised to see me, for some reason, for he started, before moving to the mantel to collect the plugs and dottles for his first pipe of the day.
He buttoned down his trousers, peeled back the flap the merest inch.
I drew back slightly.  I allowed him time to breathe.  “You're sending out conflicting messages,” I said.
I looked down, in slight panic.
“I love you too,” I said.  I kissed him on the shoulder.  “You will never know how much.”
“Pike was never a friend,” replied Holmes.  “But then, he was never a foe.  At the least, I shall meet with him and see what he says.  He has included no terms in his letter.  Dear me, John, what
"Age is irrelevant John." Sherlock said picking up the child and standing up. His eyes fixed on Mycroft who gave an equally intense look back.
WHATT??!
"Well what do we have here then?" She asked smiling, whilst looking down at the children on her doorstep. "A cat, a witch, a zombie, a princess... And a?" She looked at Felix.
"Like... Hire one in?"
"Yes he can." Sherlock argued, his eyes glaring at John determinedly.
"God is he your solution for everything!" John joked, laughing.
Not for everybody.
“Judging? What do you mean?” He asked not understanding, and looking around at the faceless crowds in the shopping centre.
“How do you know he is 4 months he could just be-”
"Yes, Dad, okay." He paused, looking towards Harry who he could see was trying to stifle a laugh whilst half watching the TV. "Mum. Um, I've got to go now."
“Well then you shouldn’t care what some people think.”
No. Are you actually laughing out loud?
Sherlock stood up, he had gone over in his head exactly what he wanted to say to John. His apology was right on the tip of his tongue and he needed to find John and make him listen to it. Make him forgive him.
“Sherlock, it’s-  he’s a person! You can barely take care of yourself let alone another person!”
"Quick Sherlock! Stop messing around!" John whispered as he peered out of their open dorm room door and into the corridor, checking it was clear.
Despite Mycroft only being 10 years older than Sherlock, that making him only 26, he already held a high ranking position of authority in the British Government.
"The person would need to show potential to increase or no further damage Felix's IQ."
They both looked back to Felix, who was sitting patiently in his cot, waiting to be taken out. John reached in and lifted him out,
Sherlock flicked through them, looking at the details and them handed them back, his eyebrows raised.
"Yeah, I'm sorry but I do." He apologised, looking at his watch, which read 8:20pm. He felt a little sorry for his mother, but he wanted to get back, and he also wanted to escape any more awkward questions from his father. He stood up and then went over to his mother who also stood up. He said goodbye to his mother and gave her a hug with the earnest promise to see her at the next holidays. He said a stilted goodbye to his father, and then Harry walked him to the front door.
John relaxed, absolutely loving Harry for breaking up the awkward dinner they had been about to endure.
“Anyway How are you Johnny, settling into married life well ey?”
John just stood their grinning at his sister's absurdities for a minute, before realising she was waiting for him to say something. She looked at him expectantly.
This mantra kept on through his head, again and again as he swiftly made his way to the only possible back entrance to the club where the group could have snuck in.
She got up to leave, going to kiss Felix on the head as she went, who reached his arms out to her for a hug, so she picked him up into a big bear hug, making him giggle, before putting him down on the floor. As she got to the door, in her head she queried why it was this particular month that Sherlock was giving a gift to Felix.
After they were out of the shop, John turned to Sherlock.
"Come here! Of course I don't care! I'm glad you told me!"
“No they-”
"That's... Good?"
"Dance John!" He shouted grinning at his friend.
“Why?”
“You must be Harry.” He said smoothly, then brushed past her into the room.
John went back to the form and sat down at his desk, pulling out a pen. He filled in the name box, and jotted down the date of Felix’s birth on a slip of paper, which he placed in a draw for later reference. He looked over the rest of the sheet, then noticed something.
Niooooo,!! Itrs toor miuch funn!!!
"Fine."
"Roatas?" John asked confused.
“And that table”
I grinned, my irritation with my friend rapidly disappearing.
“But- John-”
Yeppp you're right there ;)
"Come on I'm sure there are plenty of people! Like, um... Oh! What about Molly? She could do it!"
“The things I bought will be necessary.”
Felix grinned a toothless grin at Sherlock and pointed to him.
“I would!”
That evening, John looked over to Sherlock who was proudly standing by the (now built) cot. He had spent hours creating the item which he had originally deemed to be ‘so simple that the baby could have built it himself.’
"We want you to look after him when we are in lessons and you aren't." Sherlock declared, getting to the point immediately.
"Oh course! To go along with the imaginary camp I went to! ... I told my sister."
“So what does little Felix look like then ey?”
“Um-”
Sherlock placed the metal into the beaker and there was a small explosion and a huge cloud of smoke flew into the air. John started coughing again, and looked at Felix who was gleefully banging his timer against the table of his highchair and giggling extensively. John smiled and decided to leave them to it, giving up for the moment on his schoolwork. He took the book and shoved it away in his schoolbag to do some other time, and then wondering curiously as to the contents, he went over to the boxes which Mycroft had delivered previously, which still weren’t unpacked yet. He rooted around in one of them and pulled out a book. It was a huge book, and was entitled ‘How to care for you and your baby.’ John inquisitively opened it up on the first page and looked down at it. His curiousity deepened and he sat down further into his chair reading it, the details gripping him. Once he was about 40 pages into it, Sherlock stuck his head around from the kitchen and came over to see what John was reading.
John suddenly realised that what he had wanted to do in his head, his hand had done of its own accord. As he looked down in surprise to find that one of his hands was placed on Sherlock’s bare chest.
“Sher- oh for god’s sake you are useless!” John sighed, and started to put the items strewed around back into the bags.
John's head raised, very rarely if ever in his recollection being able to remember his friend saying such a thing.
"Why?! What's wrong?"
Sherlock burst into the science lab, his hysterical mind growing increasingly so. He didn't feel like himself at all. Sherlock, hysterical? Not like him but he certainly felt it as he rushed over to Molly and thrust Felix into her arms, she was the only one in the lab luckily and she seemed very surprised to have a baby suddenly thrust upon her in such a manner.
"What the hell! Was all that?"
Hi what you up to :)
“What about James?” John asked after a moment of thought.
I have to get out of here.
“What about when the aliens in the future discover the ruins of our house ma? Now thanks to my labels, they will know that a spoon, is definitely a spoon, and not just refer to it as an eeee-jot or something, y’know?”
"Yes. That... It... Suits you."
“Nothing! Just some people don’t feel comfortable seeing um, gay... um, parents.”
John moved slowly towards the sofa where his friend had quickly curled himself up into a little ball in the corner, his long curls falling across his face, looking as small and as fragile as Felix.
In my lesson at school.
John grinned at Harry and handed Felix to her and began to follow his friend.
Yes. That is a possibility.
Once they had finished their dinner, John grabbed his bag and went upstairs to his room, and everyone else set about doing their own things. He walked into his room and looked around at the sparse items that covered it. After shoving what he could into his bag, it looked even emptier. There was just a few things dotted around, a few clothes that were too small for him, and a couple of boxes of his old things from when he was younger in the corner which hadn't ever been unpacked since they had moved there. He sat on his bed and looked at his watch. He could hardly leave so early, but a thought came across his mind. Five O'clock. Felix will be having his milk around now. He thought sadly back to his sister and then again felt guilty about lying to her, and he knew he could trust her, so he went out of his room and knocked on his sister's door.
“You are a block of ice,” I remonstrated.  I stroked his cheek.  “Leave all this now, and come inside.”
At some late interval we dressed, and made our way down to
“Perhaps,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “Yes, perhaps it would, some day.”
I started; shoulders tight in dread.  “I did not know that you were there,” I said.
“Does your leg pain you?” my friend enquired.
I looked at the paper again.
“My little bull.”
I dragged him back inside, clinging on in a blind panic lest he break free and try again.  My heart was beating wildly at his reckless, thoughtless madness.
.  I am so incredibly, terribly sorry.  We should never have gone to Franton.  I should never have allowed curiosity to get the better of me.”
“We can do little else at present,” he replied.  “Better this than the four of us charging up on their doorstep, for that would only put them on the offensive.”
He handed me a note.  I raised it to the light, and read:
“You are going to bed?” he enquired.
“I am very sure, Mr. Holmes.”
The wine arrived.  We humoured the sommelier: the uncorking of the '68, the pomp and ceremony; and we swirled and sniffed and sipped and, thus approved, were left in peace.
“A doctor!” he exclaimed.  He shook my hand.  “I was just saying to young Gregson here, that I wanted one of those.”
“Do you remember the cigarette stubs?” he said.
“Now spread your legs,” I said.
Sherlock Holmes pinkened with pleasure.  “A simple case,” he murmured modestly.  “The clues were there to find.  Lestrade should have his man tomorrow if he has any sense at all.”
“Holmes--”
Holmes made a noise, at once dismissive, non-committal.  He withdrew, wrenching his shoulder free.  He tossed the bear, and stepped towards the door.  I held him back.
“Watson,” said my friend, “what is the matter?  You are gawking like a fish.”
“I don't understand a thing about it,” I confessed.  “Worker bees, and Queen bees, and all the rest.  It's baffling.”
He held my hips and thrust up into me.  I groaned, and felt my hard unfurl, meeting his, and
But it appeared he might not.  Holmes was silent as he scanned the two pages once more.  And all the meanwhile I dandled, in morbid suspense, until he looked up from his study.
“We'd best be up.  It won't be long before Mrs. Hud--”
--and it was over, just like that.  Holmes drew himself away, retracted.  The straw basket had been jettisoned, the eggs spilling and rolling, and he picked them up, replaced them.
He interrupted me a second time.  “I'm equally at fault.  I should know better than to fling myself around upon the carpet.  I've alarmed more people than I'd like upon that score.  I remember once at college--”
What did he
I stared down dully at the letters.  I weighed their heft, two dozen envelopes or more, with faded ink, to a
Holmes had the decency to blush.  He leaned to scrabble at his bootlace.  “I don't know,” he said.  “Watson, you're very bold.”
The canopy was cool, the branches overhead the shield, and the scent of earth and leaves was rich and dense.  I trod on silently, affecting a deep interest in the habitat around me.  The house was part concealed now, just the greens and browns and golds of Mother Nature.
,” he said.  He leaned back on his elbows, cast his face towards the sun.  “If you weren't such a
“She's late,” said Holmes.  “This will not do.  I suppose something must have happened.”
“Like 'that'?  Like how?”
.  You'll dream your life away.”
“Of course.”
“You're very kind,” said Mr. Dooley.  “I say, now Watson, you're not in publishing, by any chance?”
I stared down at the menu.  I was dithering upon the roast beef, which was twice the price of the sausage stew, when Holmes tapped on the table.
We rose and hovered in each other's space.  “I must,” he said.  “But first...”
, and you are making fun of me.”
I heard him snort softly.  “My theoretical bees.”
“A gift?  What gift?”
“Thank you.”
“Oh, he
, and face the world on just those terms.
By three o'clock, Sherlock Holmes had changed, via collar, shirt and fresh brilliantined hair, into the personification of a gentleman.  We set out for the station, upon my part looking forward to breathing in some country air, which I hoped desperately was cooler than its city variation.  The station was teeming; hundreds of travellers like so many scuttled ants.  I purchased tickets for the both of us, and as quickly as we might, given the bustle and the tumult, we sought our waiting platform.  It was only once ensconced, as the train proceeded to click-clack on its way, that we relaxed and took stock of our state.
Rarely had I ventured this invasion of my friend's privacy.  But in this case, I felt it purely justifiable – for I could not bear to think of him distressed, reliant on the needle.  A dress shirt was lying on the floor, discarded.  I went to his bedside cabinet and, hesitantly now, opened the drawer.  A small bottle of some headache cure; a snuffbox of old gold, with a great amethyst in the centre of the lid; a handkerchief; a signet ring.  And there, close to the back and tucked away, the accursed case.  I removed it from its confines, undid the catch, and...
One eye peeped open.  “No.  Not quite.  You've been a while.”
“Well, here we are,” said he.  “Better get out of this weather, or we'll freeze to death.”
He winked.
Or even, neither of those things.  Instead, perhaps you'd enjoy more Gen-rated parody, and “Silly-Holmes” fluff?
“If it is not too much trouble.”
“That is small comfort,” said the fellow, “but still, I thank you for your kindness.”  He looked across to Sherlock Holmes.  “What now, then?  Am I in trouble with the police, or what's the score of it?”
“Oh!  But...?”  I scratched my head.  “But the note was from the gardener, surely?  So, if it was not from the gardener, then...?”
“No, it has not.  And no, there is not.  I have no enemies.  But the dreams are so real.  I can only blame them on the skull.”
“I am sorry.  But how lovely, to be sure, you have a sibling,” I rejoined – to which he scowled, and snapped the tip clean from its lead.  He drew a penknife from his pocket, and commenced to scrape and sharpen.
“Yes, you do have some odd friends,” I interrupted, beginning to smile through the shock.  “Holmes, I am more relieved than I can possibly admit that you have not returned to your morocco case.  But I am sure that you don't need me to tell you how incongruous a tattoo is for a man of your distinction.  You will regret it in the years to come, do mark my words.”
A slender hand reached out and took the packet.  “Thank you, John.”  Then:  “You were gone for a long while.”  His tone was petulant.
Mr. Talmadge shook his head.
Holmes clapped his hands in delight.
He often did this: sharp eyes softening and narrowing, to fix upon a point quite close upon me, where it dawdled, oft for minutes at a time.  And I might ask him
I squinted.  “Yes, I see him.  Bearded, dressed in brown, with an umbrella in his hand.”
Holmes yawned.  He set his back against the tree, and closed his eyes.  I took this as opportunity to pick a sandwich from the pile upon the cloth.  Two sandwiches, in fact.  An egg and cress, a beef and mustard.  I poured a cup of fresh-squeezed orange juice.  As I enjoyed our impromptu picnic, I chose to gaze upon my friend.  No matter yet, the circumstance or year, I could not think of any better sight to see.
It emerged that Wiggins was a scruffworn urchin, wild straw hair, and boots a sight too large for him.  He greeted Holmes with pleasure, and the two talked for some minutes, where I caught the gist that Wiggins and some pals of his were needed to stake out a local tannery.  Terms and promises agreed, the ragamuffin made a sharp salute to both of us, and headed down the street, off on his way to racing marbles, I supposed.
My friend sat himself gingerly, inspecting and patting the grass as he did so.  Reassured that his trousers would not be the worse for it, he settled and smiled at me.  “There.”
“No, John, I could not have,” my friend replied in indignation.  He set down his Stradivarius rather more roughly than it deserved.  “I do not misread things.  I need to find out how many 'E. Bruces' are living in Surrey at the present time.  Hence the telegram I have to send,
“It is a fever,” I replied, “but nothing serious.  It is important that the lady rests in bed, and stays hydrated.  I assume you are her carer?”
“As long as we are together, then the future will be heavenly,” I told him.  “But what a question.  Why did you ask it?”
woman.”
And so I sat toying with the bundles, building little walls and bridges until my friend looked up at last.  The documents were strewn in disarray.
,” he read.  The dog wagged its tail all the more.  Holmes looked up at me, eyes squinting from the sharp glare of the sun.  “John, for goodness sake, why do you smile like that?”
“No need to bother, Watson.  I am quite capable of removing my own stitches.”
At nine o'clock, I eased myself into my coat and indicated to the girl that I was heading out, as yesterday.  This time the streets were clearer and we made good speed, arriving before long at Baker Street.  With my head high, and with a quiet sense of grim determination, I stood myself before the door and rang the bell.
“It” pertained, regrettably, to a small document of legal type.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We gawked at him; quite rudely, I dare say.
It is likely you will think less of me when I tell you what I did.  For I picked up the shirt and held it close against my face.  I breathed in his scent, the musk, the sweet...
“John, my beloved, I am
be.  I've thought of very little else.  It was a miracle I was
I turned my head towards the door, and observed my friend, the great detective Sherlock Holmes, in all his hot and bothered glory.
“How do we know that we can trust you?” I demanded, my temper rising.
In the main hall of the house we wished our young friend a good night, and climbed the stairs to our Blue Room.
“The Inspector is somewhere,” Mrs. Barker declared with a grimace.  “Come through to the kitchen.”
I looked down in dismay.  “Oh, double blast.”
to borrow it in the first instance.  At least the constable has gone, but now I wonder where Lestrade is?”
, people get it wrong.”  I had released him by this point.  He bowed a courtly little bow, and smiled but slightly.  “My apologies once more.  I meant no harm.  I am on, how you say, my holidays?  To see the sights of England,
The first Spring flowers were in bloom.  All the daffodils and tulips, and the crocuses and bluebells, unfurled and stretching to the sun, and bumping petals in the breeze.  The trees in leaf, still tentative, but birds now singing overhead from every branch; the sweetest chorus to be heard.  Our cottage windows, open wide to suck the scent in from the blossoms and the hint of ocean brine.
I opened my eyes.  Holmes was holding the gift, a silver tie-pin in the elegant form of a long-stemmed bloom.
Somehow, we moved yet closer as we poured out the last coffee cups.  And fast within each other's eyes, we locked our fingers tight.
“Your schooldays don't count,” I retorted.  I lit a cigarette and leaned back in my chair.  My eyelids began to droop from the warmth of the sun shining through the sash windows.  I heard my friend rise from the table and commence to pad about the room.  The roll of a drawer, the clink of a bottle, the pop of a cork.  Some tinkering and then, a wafting familiar, faint eggy aroma.  Holmes's latest chemical experiment.
After dinner, in the sitting-room, we sipped at brandy, smoked cigars, and played at dominoes in pairs.  I exchanged looks with Holmes.  We smouldered at each other for the longest while, until at last the straw was too much for the camel's back, and we rose up as one.  How it must have looked, I do not know, but we both made our poor excuses to the company, and so retired to bed, with overstated yawning.
In addition to which, I was doing battle with a belligerent cockstand.
And so, for the next ten minutes, Sherlock Holmes regaled his brother with the events concerning Spencer as they had taken place thus far.  Mycroft sat back behind his desk; his brows converged, his lips pursed tight.  He nodded, at short intervals, until my friend had finished.
“All right,” said he, springing up from the bed and readjusting himself.  “If we are to do that, then we had best make haste.  Shoo, Watson, shoo.  You are in the way.”
, god damn --”
At length my leg began to ache, and so I bid Holmes a good night, picked up my books and made the headway to the stairs and so to bed.  As I undressed, my thoughts were deep and, I dare say, a tad unsettled.  I heard the faint sound of a violin, and listened in distraction as I folded down my shirt.  I shivered at the cold night air, the fire burning low, and tucked myself under the blankets, where the sweetest notes and semibreves still found a way to creep and infiltrate my fretful dreaming.
“I am so glad that you find this amusing,” I grumbled.
That amused me, and I told him so, as I joined him at his busywork.  The last box, half-full, just waiting for the cord to knot it closed.  Tomorrow, they would be hefted high by fellows young and strong, hoisted up into the wagon and transported off, away.
“Was he the lad who was so helpful in the Case of the Golden Trumpet?”
have said “Oh, tommyrot!” – but that would not have been the truth.
“I think they are,” said Sherlock Holmes.
“Oh, he'll find out, you mark my words.  There'll be an almighty to-do, what with this being my
“As to how I shall be remembered in years to come, Watson.  It concerns me.”
“Why ever not?  He seems a decent sort.”
I informed Holmes of this fact.
He pulled on his coat, and wrapped his scarf about his neck.
“Well, we are here,” I said.
“It's the only thing,” I said.
“Then what is the pad for, and why on earth the secrecy?”
“Dr. Watson's here to help us,” Holmes replied.  “You don't mind, do you?”  He did not wait for a reply, but barrelled through to the large sitting-room beyond, a sharp tug on my sleeve to chivvy me along.  The room was bright, with an oppressive weight regardless – largely due to the dead body on the rug at the far side of it.  Lestrade had tagged behind; he watched us take in the strange scene before he uttered – rather pompously I thought: “We've had a thorough look, I doubt there's much left to be found.  It's suicide, of course.  I said so from the first.”
“It is a little late for clients?” I suggested.
“No!”
"And in the name of medical research."
John playfully pushed his friend’s shoulder.
"A nanny?"
"Felix and I are testing the reaction times of different metals."
"We could hire one in for us during the hours we have our lessons."
But out of all the photos that they had taken, there was a series which was definitely John's favourite. They had found a low branch in the forest which John had balanced the camera on. He had then put on the self timer of the camera and had got it to take a sequence of pictures. All the pictures were of him and Sherlock, both holding Felix in their arms and looking towards the camera. The expressions on their faces changed as the sequence went on, from Sherlock being surly, and John smiling falsely (as in all the ones took for his parents.) The pictures then went on to see John nudge Sherlock in the side to try to get him to smile. The last picture was by far the best one. John leant in for a closer look at it. John had obviously just nudged Sherlock but had continued to look at the camera, and was now grinning what John noticed to be a more genuine smile. Felix in between the pair was smiling at the camera as well, and had his little hands in the air in glee. Sherlock however was the only one not looking at the camera, but instead was looking over at John, his face in a curious expression, a mixture of the clearly happy and rare smile which he wore on his face, and something else John couldn't identify.
“I thought you might say that.”
“We need you to get information... No its not for The Barmount’s Case..... Yes I know it was simple.... Oh course i’ve solved it.” He snapped.
Created the job myself. Only one in the world.
"But you-"
The players all pushed into the changing rooms, picking up their stuff from the benches and taking long drinks from their water bottles. Just as John went to pick up his stuff and sit down to take off his shoes, he heard someone calling over all the people talking.
“Well John, it doesn’t matter, we shouldn’t push him to do something he is scared of.” Harry said in a coy voice, giving a sidelong glance over at Sherlock who was now getting increasingly more frustrated about being labeled as ‘scared,’ and completely falling for the child tactic which Harry was employing.
"I shall ask Mycroft."
"You're going pretty fast from what I could see!"
"Sorry not now!"
"Sorry ma!" She grinned, knowing her mother hated to be called that, but compensating for her calling her Harriet.
"Oh for g- what so we're going to bribe our head-teacher then are we?!"
“Daddie?”
"Oh right, yeah, I do sprinting, 100 metres."
As the team took their positions on the field, John clenched his teeth together holding in the gum-shield and concentrated, waiting for the whistle. As it blew he held his ground, waiting for the ball to come near him before tackling the boy on the opposite team, skillfully managing to obtain the ball, and then doing a mad dash towards their team's goal. He passed the ball to Greg with one mighty swing and he in turn, flung it towards the goal, where it whizzed past the goalie, hitting the wooden backboard with a smack.
“But-”
"Are you back yet?"
"This isn't as easy as I thought."
You could be my neighbor...
"Ssh Sherlock!" He complained quietly, embarrassed by his friend. "Okay fine, we will find something different."
Heyy sorry its been a while since i posted!! ive been ever so busy! :) but anyway here is another chapter!! hope you guys like it! :D
"Yeah, like I said. No problem. Um, maybe I could come up and see Felix sometime? When you're at school?"
John was looking around standing by the swings whilst waiting for Sherlock to finish his deductions so they could move on, when a man came to stand by him. The man had just picked up his small child who John reckoned looked around 5 months old. He was gently rocking the child, whose face was resting on his shoulder. John looked over and smiled at the child who smiled back. Then he put his hands over his eyes and quickly moved them away, playing peek-a-boo. The man saw John out of the corner of his eye, and turned to talk to him.
"Yes... I think that would be okay. Molly? Yes."
"He is our son now. That's how to explain it. He's Felix and he's our son."
The room was plunged in thick black darkness and there was a moment where John took in the sudden silence after the loud noises of the club and all his friends joviality. Nervous anticipation had been ringing through his veins and left him almost shaky as he flicked on the light by the door, it had almost dissipated by the time he had got to the room however, as he was expecting due to the darkness, to see the room empty, but as the light flooded into the room and his eyes adjusted, he could see the skinny form of Sherlock sitting sprawled on the floor. His back was leaning against the wrong side of the sofa and his eyes were half shut in a stupor. John's face rapidly turned to one of worry as he spotted the small empty bottle of whisky lying just behind his friend, the cap thrown a few paces off.
Sherlock kept glancing at John on the way home in the taxi. They were going home for about an hour before John had to go to his parents house, and Sherlock could tell that he wasn't looking forward to it. He could read the worry in his friend's furrowed eyebrows, and his slightly hunched posture, and the way John kept in looking out of the window. Sherlock looked over at the sleeping Felix in his pram, and then back to John, anxious himself for his friend.
"No. Hydrogen?"
They ended up in the children’s play area in the park, by the slides and swing and immediately obtained disapproving, overprotective looks from the mothers, who kept a firm eye on their own children and the pair. John sighed, he just didn’t understand their prejudices, the mothers just saw a pair of teenagers and were automatically wary for their children's safety, without even knowing them!
I knooow!! But I always tell myself never again but then always do!! :(
Sherlock didn’t know how to react to this, and neither did John so they simply stared in complete silence.
I sighed.
"It is lovely Sherlock, absolutely lovely. When... are you giving it again?"
Sherlock made a tutting noise under his breath at himself "I should have known it would be here." he murmured.
John sighed.
"Him! It's a him, it's um, Felix. His name is Felix."
Pretty high.
"Where would we take him to a nanny?"
"Come on, let's go downstairs, I think mum just shouted us down."
And I guess you started young then? ;)
"Hello Felix, I am Molly, very pleased to meet you." She stuck out her hand, and was astonished to see Felix grasp it with his little fingers and try to shake it. She looked up to Sherlock, who looked pleased and said.
"You have to fill in this birth certificate, otherwise the child officially does not exist, and this may result in problems for him as he grows up... That's to say if you manage to cope that long with the child." He said, subtly taunting Sherlock without looking at him.
John stood up and nodded to Greg.
She shook her head. “You two are ridiculous, Birthdays are fun. I will show you that they can be.”
John rather curious by now, pulled apart the paper and suddenly in his hand he was holding the most exquisite little music box he could ever imagine. His eyes widened and his mouth opened slightly in amazement, he turned the beautifully crafted object over in his hands.
"Well you aren't!"
"No."
"Okay, well, I mean, I guess we-"
"Yes you can."
“Yes. I am your Daddy, Felix. And this is your Papa.” He said pointing over at John.
“I’m sorry.” He said even quieter.
They went downstairs, stopping for a moment for John to take his bag from his room, which he put by the front door on the way into the lounge. Their mum, got them to sit down with them on the sofa to watch some television. After a little bit of time, John took off his jacket, forgetting about the tan disaster, until his mother called out, and made everyone else turn around as well.
Felix looked confused and kept looking at the two of them and then said it again but he seemed confused and less sure of himself this time.
"Sorry?"
"Look, calm down." John reassured, walking over and handing him the cup of tea, which Sherlock took gladly from him, cradling it in both hands. "You just need to think about it. Have you rung all the people from the agencies?"
I heard his voice catch, and I drew him to embrace.  I kissed his nose, and stroked his hair.  “We'll be together,” I said firmly.  “Now and always.  Get your bag; we're going down.”
“This sofa is uncomfortable for ruddling,” my friend complained.  “There's something digging in my back.”  He kissed my ear.  “Get off me, John.”
“But I have courted,” he said finally.
I sat there for a moment, smoking quietly and thinking, and then I paced for several moments more.  I surprised even myself when I set after him in hot pursuit, at distance nonetheless.  A dubious attention, and one that Holmes might not appreciate, but well,
Holmes bristled.
A look of horror passed Holmes's face.  “Good lord, I hope not,” he exclaimed.  “The less he knows of you, the better.  He knows that you
I stripped, with only half the grace; not even that.  We fell upon the bed, and so entwined ourselves: all legs and arms, and cocks, like some cat's cradle gone awry.  I worshipped him; I kissed his skin, and ran my fingertips across him, heard the intake of his breath; I cupped him, stroked him, and with tiny gasps, he curled himself around me.  “What do you need,” he whispered softly.  This lean and tender, featherweighted man; I craved all I could reach of him.  I took him in my mouth; he yipped and yowled, and locked his hands behind my head to better guide me, to teach me slowly what he liked; I taught him something of my own.  He keened and bucked upon the bed.  I licked the tip of him.  “Try not to come,” I said.  I swiped my fingers through his pre-ejaculate.  “I'm going to finger you,” I said.
“You are an ex-army doctor,” he observed.  “At a small practice that is somewhat unsuccessful.”
“Well, that is what I do.” Holmes settled back into his chair and thrust two fingers and a thumb into the shag tobacco pouch.  A hearty pinch filled up his pipe, and now I watched him as he struck a match and took his first draw of the day.  He sighed in satisfaction, and burrowed down in the brocade and closed his eyes.
I tensed then, straightened up.  From a window, just ajar upon the upper floor, there came a dreadful sound.  The sound of weeping, harsh and bitter.  A man was weeping there, as if his very heart was in the act of breaking.
,” I said, despairing, “please slow down.  Where are we going?”
,” I said.  I led him to the drainpipe.  “Look.  The pipe has pulled away from its fixing just here.  And there too, a little higher up.  There are some small fragments of brick, see, that have fallen.  I observed all of this, Holmes,” I said, my chest puffed proudly.
“So, then, a way around it.  To do away with Talmadge and to appropriate the skull.”
“Talk,” I commanded.
Holmes rolled his eyes.  “What does
.  Afraid of feeling.  Afraid of losing all I've worked for; being vulnerable.”  He paused to breathe.  “You barely know me.  I'm obsessive.  If I admitted you, I'd never let you go.  You'd suffocate.”
He cackled.  I noticed Victor's wince.
“I have something of yours,” said Sherlock Holmes.  He reached into the linen bag that he was carrying, and brought forth a box, one, two, three, four, and set them out upon the table.  He unlatched each lid in turn and looked to Pike for his response.
“There,” I said softly, drawing back from utopia, “it is done.”
He smiled and nodded.  “Yes.”
“It is a tattoo of a....” and here I stopped.
“My hands are even colder.  Feel.”
come with me on these jaunts.  You would be in your true element.”  He winked.  “And you'd be useful.”
He sounded a little aggrieved.
I arose at seven the next morning, after a restless night with precious little sleep.  I washed and dressed.  In my impatience to be done, my waistcoat was misbuttoned and I forgot to comb my hair.  I raced downstairs to the sitting-room.  No-one there!  I heard a humming from the bedroom, and I found myself upon the outer side of it, and knocking, three soft raps.  The humming stopped.  The door cracked open, and Holmes's face peeped out.
We stood and surveyed one another, flushed and breathless, rearranging clothes and hair.
The ball is in your Persian slipper.  The jack-knife is on YOUR mantel.  I'd really appreciate your comments!  <3
“Yes,” I said.
“I'd like it very much.”
And then the front bell rang again.
He took a drink.  “You have me fair and square.”  His grey eyes fixed me to the spot.  “You have me, John.”
“When will I see you?” Holmes enquired, an anxious tension in his voice.
The hansom rattled to a halt at Upper Wimpole Street.  I paid the driver my half-fare, and clambered down.  Holmes raised his hand, and I raised mine, and I stood there on the kerb, transfixed, as the carriage rolled away.
laugh out loud?! you haven’t heard this before!
"Really? Could you...?" He asked, his face lighting up again.
I also live in London.
Why??
"Thanks for that. Really, I appreciate it. I was stuck there!" He murmured, looking over at Harry.
oh you know what i mean! in person!
John was following Sherlock, (as usual) through a park. Sherlock was darting around to and fro, trying to find clues associated with their latest case. John was getting increasingly more weary and he wanted to go home but he just knew Sherlock wouldn't be giving up on this ‘possibility of clues’ any time soon, and he couldn't exactly just leave him to it, not with what happened last time...
He printed out the photo along with all of the others, and like the others, on nice photo paper so it came out looking glossy. This one he separated from the pile of his 'holiday' and took them all into the kitchen where Sherlock was with Felix, and just preparing his milk for him.
Sherlock nodded and ran his hand through his unruly hair.
John rummaged into one of Mycroft’s boxes and found a little hat, Which he placed promptly onto Felix’s head. Despite it being Summer, John was terrified that Felix might get too cold. Once they had maneuvered the pram down the stairs, John carefully placed Felix inside, and tied up the little straps to hold him in. It made him look very small, being enveloped by the big pram, which John looked at (and already thinking like a parent,) thought that it didn't matter because he would grow into it.
“What- Oh not a baby book! Why are you reading that?” He queried, recoiling with a look of horror.
It was Greg outside, and he grinned at John as the door opened.
"Oh right, well I didn't see you there."
“We can! We can hide him in our dorm room.” He said, now determined to get his own way.
John picked up a toy from where it had somehow made it's way into his bed. He sighed and placed it on the floor in the area where Felix seemed to enjoy playing in. He looked down into the cot which was shoved between the two beds. They had shifted them as far to the sides as they could go, and after taking out the nightstands they had been able to squeeze the cot between them. Felix was lying in it on his back, his arms slowly flailing in the air although he was fast asleep.
“Anyway, I can’t fault ma, she just doesn’t want a soggy bit of plastic paper hanging into her cereals probably.”
Why not? You are athletic and clever, why wouldn't the girls want to date you?
There is often an increase in murders on public holidays.
"You get it, I'll take Felix."
John hung his head, feeling their absent, unspoken words affect him. Sherlock who was walking beside him, was completely obliviously to all this, until he suddenly noticed John shying away from the other people.
“No we can’t! What do you mean? We have school!”
“No.”
"Yeah, they do. I guess they...do." He mumbled.
Possibly.
Sherlock sighed and looked up at John, “I’m not annoyed at you John...only annoyed at this ridiculous park which makes rides with clearly unequal measurements of waterflow.” He smiled at John to show him that the annoyance was trivial and temporary and already dissipating.
"Having some trouble there Sherlock?" She asked, trying to contain her laughter.
"Felix Tobias Watson-Holmes" Sherlock declared before John could get a word in edgeways.
"Sounds like a dog's name. Can't we call him John?"
"How old is he?" She asked.
John walked up the street and looked at his small, detached house. His parents house. It didn't feel like he lived there or had ever lived there. They had moved there when he was 12 and he went of to boarding school the next year, and had barely seen the inside of the house since. And when they weren't on their horrible, rainy, family trips down in Cornwall, he came home for the holidays.
Molly gasped and put her hand over her mouth. "You're together!" She interrupted quickly.
what?
“He’s not meant to.”
"Don't worry Felix, we're fine! Your Daddy and Papa just found something very funny!" John said then looking up, he caught Sherlock's eye and realised what he had said.
I mean that i could tell from the manner you approached the question.
"Hello." Sherlock curtly replied, his voice tight and his lips thin, but as Sherlock's bad and strange moods were increasingly commonplace, John didn't notice this as being odd behaviour at all. He spoke out, barely looking up from his phone as he did so.
"Sort of?"
yesss??? :)
"You can tell me John? What is it?"
The game started again and Sherlock watched it now with a film of anger over Greg and the other players. He didn't understand why he was feeling like that over the game but he suddenly couldn't deal with all of the players being like that around John and was determined now to mention it to John later when he saw him again. He tried to calm himself down of these ridiculous feelings for the meantime and concentrate back on the game.
"Sherlock! What on ear-" John exclaimed, walking towards the two of them.
John could have kicked himself. He should have thought before using his nicknames he had been calling them in his head out loud. 'Stupid, I should have realised Sherlock wouldn't like it.' He thought to himself.
Sherlock swiftly darted along the corridor holding Felix in his arms along with several jumpers, which for the most part covered him. All the corridors seemed to be longer than they knew them to be, out of fear of being caught. They both kept going all the way to the girls wing, keeping to the quiet routes around the side of the building, and walking down the corridors cautiously, managing to only meet a few people, who were in such a rush to get to their destination, that they barely paid attention to the pair. Therefore, in spite of a few close calls, they managed to arrive at Molly's dorm room, without Felix being noticed, much to John's relief.
"What?!" John exclaimed, in a slight bad mood because he was tired from the game, but also incredulous to what it was his friend was saying.
“Mycroft will sort it. He knows how to change these things. We will both be the chil- Felix’s parents, and his legal guardians.”
"Yes. Next door to us are two new pupils, Greg Lestrade and Oliver Browning, and across the corridor from us, there is Phillip Anderson and Mike Stamford. "
The wailing got louder.
One of the other guys heard him and responded whilst starting stupid dance moves in excitement.
John had felt that between the options of leaving the child alone for hours with Sherlock, and risk his shopping abnormalities, he would go with the latter.
He tried to put it around it one way. It came apart, then the other way, which came apart too. With a grunt of annoyance at the paper, he took a strip of Sellotape and then held down the paper, only to find that the tape had stuck to the side of his jumper. He ripped it off in frustration and tried again, only to have it stick to the back of the sofa. One more time he tried and held it carefully, not letting it stick to anything, only for him to realise h had no free hand to fold the paper and hold it down. He tried to hold it down with his elbow but it came undone and flapped open to the sides again. He yelled in anger and leapt up, dropping the Sellotape on the floor, as Molly watched him in amusement.
"Felix. Nice name. But where did he come from?"
"No. I know we can keep him. He's an unknown, secret baby who isn't on the records, and ultimately does not exist. Am I right?"
"Yepp, we do."
“It’s obvious John. This child must be a genius.”
"Oh right? Real?- Where is-"
Here's another one for you! I'm going to keep going with the story!!
“You want a hubby who is kind too”
"Sherlock, what are you doing?"  He questioned, with a gesture to the variety of apparatus around him.
I laughed at his absurdity.
No. It is a common occurrence. That I frequent their crime scenes before they arrive.
“You-”
"Right well, I'm not...-"
It was the morning that the half term began and Sherlock and John were planning to return to Sherlock's flat in London and took great pains to leave in the middle of the night, as Sherlock insisted that this was a good cover to hide Felix. John felt as though they probably could have managed to sneak away during the day, however when it came to it, there was something rather exciting about leaving and walking through the grounds in the cool night air whilst everyone else was sleeping.
for him; I could not understand it, and lesser still could I explain the way he made me feel
“I am so tired of wrath and crossness,” replied his brother.  “You are a dreadful liability, dear Sherlock, but you are family, and I cannot strangle family.  If I ask you that you promise to be mindful, will you be so?”
“Augusta Burroughs had a child when she was nineteen, out of wedlock,” said my friend.  “It was a son, and according to the correspondence the boy was given to adoption only a few weeks after birth.  Neither son nor mother attempted contact for over forty years.  The boy's new family moved to Cuba.  Now he has returned to England, perhaps due in part to a latent wish to locate his true mother and to meet with her for the first time.  Understandably, it took him a little time to track Lady Augusta down, and then – well, I think perhaps that story is better told from those who experienced it at first hand.  One thing we may be sure of: the son is unaware of his mother's demise.  I wonder if young Jane is here today?  I have another telegram to send.”
“Don't mind the tea.  What was all that?  Come and sit down.”
will be civilised.  Today, we have to caper like our heads have been cut off.”
“Thank you,” said Holmes.  He looked around.  “Is it always as quiet as this, at this time of the evening?”
Gregson smiled and moved away.  “It is all right.  It shall be our secret.  Just as long as it doesn't happen again, eh.”
“We should consider ourselves most fortunate if we escape being struck by a racquet-ball,” my friend declared, as we swerved to avoid such a fate.  “The children are lethal this morning.”
“There was a smash,” I repeated.  I looked around in vain.  “Can you explain what you mean by 'a thing'?”
We both stared into the fire for several minutes, contemplating such a scenario.
“Yes, you were right,” said Holmes, his cheeks both swimming dots of red.  “For once.”
“Let's go to Simpson's.  Do you know it?”
We watched him return inside and set up a seat at the front window of the sitting-room.  He waved a little shyly as we turned to make our way.  The lane was clear and tranquil; the only sound the ruffling leaves above our heads, the distant birdsong.  Holmes placed a casual hand upon my shoulder.
“And you are
The hallway ended in a door, which Mr. Holmes now briskly opened and went through.  I followed, meanwhile noting the quaint décor of the parlour: an older lady's sole abode, all lace and cushions, books, and sentimental gewgaws.  A smaller bedroom to one side, which I was chivvied through.
“Holmes, that
“Why, due to the fact that the central hub of any village is its inn,” my friend replied.  “It is the place where news and gossip always inevitably land.  The fact that our innkeeper friend and his crowd could tell us little is revealing.  Our gatepost ghost, in all her forms, likely does not frequent this patch.”
“They want me to give an acceptance speech,” I said.  “I had better start work on it after breakfast.  There will be hundreds in attendance at the ceremony.”
One last item on my desk: a small year calendar, now showing the September of the year I set myself up in my practice as a medical professional.  I had returned from war abroad a little earlier in the year of 1881, and spent some time in dawdling, distracted and quite miserable, until an opportunity presented its broad face.  A Dr. Doyle, of Upper Wimpole Street, was selling on his practice, and as I had a little pension-pot and other savings of my own, I took the plunge.  So, here I was, a few months on, starting to wonder if I had made the right decision.  My new patients seemed quite few and far between; perhaps the summer months had found them hale and hearty, every one.  Perhaps, the coming winter might land itself upon my doorstep with a racking cough, a touch of influenza, or a spot of gout.  I sighed, and glanced up to the ticking clock upon the mantel.  It was ten o'clock; too early yet for lunch, but late enough for my first patient – should I even have a chance of one!
“Had you always lived alone?” I asked.  “Before you moved to Baker Street?”
After breakfast, I pulled on my boots and buttoned up my overcoat.  There were acres to explore, and roads to tramp, places to be.  Holmes reneged, stating his preference to stay home in his laboratory.  So off I strode, the morning air sparking a fire in my chest.
Gregson snorted into his beer.
“You had your doubts?” I asked.
He shook his head.  “Not that.  Another reason.”  And his lip set firm; his eyes took on a distant glaze.  “That is all that I can tell you for the present.  But Mycroft is tied up in it, and that is why I had to see him at Pall Mall, and it is why I'm in the temper that I'm in.”  He stubbed his cigarette and smiled at me.  “It all happened for the best, perhaps.  See here, now I'm with you, and Baker Street is so much nicer, and I'm sure that everything will be all right.”  He fretted with a fraying cushion tassel.  “Don't you think?”
Holmes was charging for the door, meanwhile.  I looked up, alarmed.
By the time we had completed all our shopping, the rain was falling from the sky.  We sought out shelter in the coffee house I'd visited that morning, and we sat over a slice of cake for two.  My heart was full of hope; our conversation flitted like a merry thing.  I found that Holmes was humorous and thoughtful, quite delightful when distracted by a notion or surprise.
I jiggled him.  “Be quiet.  You like it just the same as I.”  (He smiled.)  “We are both slightly ridiculous, but there is no-one here to see.”
Holmes scribbled a short record in his notebook.  He stepped away and turned to us; our makeshift sentry by the door.
“Hell's bells,” said Holmes.
I looked to Holmes.  He shrugged.  It seemed the name was unfamiliar to my friend.  I let the subject slide, turning my attention to the wondrous smells of baking tart and garden mint.
“Why,
I poured us both a whisky, and sat us down beside the fire.  Holmes, leaning forward, gazed long into it, the silence that we nurtured only broken by the snuffle of the pup, and the low crackle of the coal.  At length, he leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes.  “I fell in love, at university,” he said.  “It ended horribly.  I swore to never fall in love again.  The fellow played me for a fool, and I declare, I was the greatest one.”  He twitched one eye to squint at me.  “I'm sure that you were wondering.”
“OW.”  (He had twisted his neck, apparently.)  His voice became peevish.  “What?  Whatever now?  Ow!  Why?  Things?”
“Not at all,” I said.  “It's not as rare a choice as one might think.  He makes a handsome fellow, certainly!  But Adams, can you deal with it?  You've never once before... you know...”
.  So I'm glad that you have risen from your death bed.  We must do something nice to celebrate.”  He tapped the stem of his black clay against his temple in deep thought.  “Let's go to dinner, then, tonight.  My treat.  Have you
Mr. Flowers looked pained.  “I was just getting to the point,” he said.  “If you might just indulge me.  As I was saying, these past few days have been a trial.  I am a married man, and I have reason to believe that my wife – Florrie, that is her name – is in a, er, well, an er...”
The door clattered shut.
,” he said, and sounding most offended.  “
I remembered, then.  “Oh dear.  I do.  Poor Simmons.  I wonder how he is these days?  I should write the dear fellow a letter.”
A prolonged, lugubrious huff.  “I'm not sulking.”  A pause, and a sniff.  “I'm upset.”
I squeezed his hand.  “You don't need to say anything else.”
He treated me with courtesy, with friendship, fond, affectionate.  Sometimes his way with me was brusque and cold; those days would send me spiralling down into dark despair.  When he was warmer, I would test him; I would touch his hand but lightly, link my arm with his when walking through the city, pat his knee to stress a point in conversation.  All these things, to no avail.  He would respond, but on his own terms; two weeks later I might see him light my cigarette, his grey eyes close to mine, his fingers steady with the match, knuckles to brush my cheek, a half smile on his face.  Then he would draw away, quite nonchalant, to pass some pithy comment on the weather, or the hour, or the complexities of palimpsests.  I craved his mouth, his touch, his body, hot and trembling beside me, folding out as a shy bud into a potent petalled bloom, all slick and sweat and gasp and groan.
“Not at all,” said my friend.  “I like roses.  What a lovely thing a--”
“I mean, you've had him now, you must have done?”
“So I was.”
The dinner was delicious, and the wine was even more so.  Holmes sat beside me, and we carried on our talk, and became merry, from the Bordeaux to the Sauternes, to the Port, from there to brandy, until at last the evening ended, and we hauled ourselves to bed.  And as the hubbub all around us slowly faded, and the footsteps in the hallway ceased to pad, we found ourselves strangely reluctant to retire.
I laughed.  “I do.”
“I think, without a doubt,” said he.
“Good gracious,” I exclaimed, “it's the young chap whom I met yesterday.  He was a friendly sort.”
“Do be careful.”
I pointed to the bookshelf.  “You have been searching those medical texts for the past hour and a half.  They are evidently of no use.”  I smiled.  “Have you forgotten that I am a doctor?”
I watched him as he nibbled around his eggs, and ate a slice of buttered toast.  Two cups of sweetened coffee, and he was filling up his pipe with all the last day's plugs and dottles.  He sat back and eyed me warily.
Holmes appeared not to be listening.
.  Spencer was following us!”
The gentleman rose to his feet, his nose pitched in the air.
“Yes, I
“Holmes,” I said, “thank you.  Thank you, for... this.”  I paused and looked around again.  “I think.”
“Well yes, but John, we can't go all the way right here – it's fast by
“I'm sorry,” I said, feeling quite annoyed by now.  “I came as quickly as I could.  May I come in?”
“Anything.”
” he said.  “Good morning.”  And he pulled the door, and stepped aside.
“You have something you would wish to share with us, Mr. Talmadge,” he said.
“What is troubling you?” he enquired.  He kissed my cheek and placed an arm across my shoulders.  “You must not worry.  Cast this whole business from your mind now.”
“Oh, drat it all,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “Who can that be?”
“You tricked him, then,” I said, impressed.  “But Holmes, what will happen to Mrs. Barker now?  And what of the skull?”
, Holmes, and, well, everything changed.”
I set the spoon back on the table.  I looked up at Holmes.  “Should I comb it?”  Suddenly, I was eight years old again, an unsure naȉf in an uncertain world.
“What you may say and what is fact are two quite separate things,” said Holmes.  He motioned to Lestrade that we'd prefer to be alone, and closed the door to shut the puffing fellow out into the hall.  “Oh, what a bumbler he is,” my companion complained.  “And he's the best of a bad lot – which doesn't say much for the rest of them.”
“Hmm hmm.”
We dodged the rain; returned to Baker Street, to find the fire had been lit, the shards and mess tidied away.
“Holmes,” I said, softly.  “It is almost poetic.  You must have meant every word.”
Small bees, emerging from their hive.
“Very well,” he said, turning away.  I was grateful for his discretion which no doubt I ill deserved.  I dived for my fireside chair and scrabbled for my pipe and matches.
Stamford's shoulders shook in mirth.  His tumbler quaked inside his grasp; I worried it might tip into his lap.  “I do not wonder that you're stupefied,” said he.  “Would you believe I know the man of whom you speak?”
of her sore and clicking knees, and of how many times she made this upwards journey in a day.
” he squeaked eventually.
I took my place upon the podium, and blinked out into the crowded hall.  In my right hand, my folded speech, which I now opened and commenced to read:
A low ache in my abdomen; a throb of want.
“Well,” I said.  “She is not just
“To others; not to me,” said he.  He glanced up at the clock.  “Watson, it's late, you'd better head off home.”
Mrs. Oaks was still delayed by six o'clock.  With resignation, Holmes allowed himself to be eased into his overcoat, and together we set off for the short walk down to Rose Lane.  The night was still, and we were quiet too, as we hovered by the gate on our arrival.  A light was burning in a ground floor room; the upper rooms were black.  I walked alone to the front step and, with a deep breath, rapped the brass knocker.  I waited a good moment, but to no answer from within.  I turned around to look at Holmes.  I rapped again.
be good at everything,” I said.  “It isn't fair.”
“I am a persecuted man, Mr. Holmes,” said the fellow at last, and again, with finality.  He settled on his seat, but then removed a silver snuff box from an inside jacket pocket and inhaled a tickling pinch.
“You ought to have read that by now,” I teased.  I tickled at his midriff.  We roughhoused for a minute, during which time George Meredith flew in one direction while my decorum went the other.  His breath was at my neck, meantime my hands were tugging at his shirt.  He was fumbling with my trouser buttons when the downstairs bell rang out.
“I suppose you want our story, then,” said he.  “Well, here I go.  I hold no shame to it.  My wife was healthy, Mr. Holmes, sir, when she first heard from her old friend – your landlady – Mrs. Hudson.  And she was happy, aye, so happy to have that letter, for we were down to our last penny, just about.  Housekeeping jobs are few and far between 'round here, and for myself, I've had no better luck with my own trade in shoe-making.  I earn a little, scarce enough.  Things were looking up now, when Martha found her post with you.  Then she fell ill, and took to bed.
you talk about?  The price of bread, and ladies' fashions?  Where
“I am entirely aware of that unfortunate fact.”
I noticed my friend was hanging back, looking around to left and right.
The invoice was from Newton's, the furniture repair shop nearest to Baker Street.  The owner was something of a charlatan, responsible for causing our occasional cabinet a fraction more turmoil than had been dealt it in the first place.  Holmes passed a thoughtful moment casting complaint in
“We'll manage,” I said, stubborn to the last.  I set my plate aside.  I stood and beckoned to him.  “Come on now, love, you need the exercise.”
“I will need to tie the cut end with a ribbon,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “Else it will fall apart.”  He looked at me sideways.  “Do you have a colour preference?”
“That feels so much better,” I said.
As to what my friend was about to say, I never did find out.  For the bell rang loud below us, then rang again, and thrice for luck.  I groaned.  An early client.  I looked around for pencil and paper in case I might be taking notes.  We waited for the footfall on the stairs up to the landing, and they came, two sets, one firm, one slow.
” I asked, befuddled, still unbuttoning my trousers as I spoke...
“Brr,” said my friend, rubbing his hands in a pique.  “I should have thought we had seen the last of this, Watson.”
The early summer of 1884 was – I declared to myself – quite too hot, and still only in June.  The London streets were scorching, steaming; the air hung sullenly in layers, so that the taller man might prosper rather better than the short with his ability to cast his head above the choking parapet.
“Do now?” said he.  “I plan to smoke my pipe.  And after that, well, it hardly matters, just as long as I have my trusty friend and chronicler by my side.”
” Holmes said.
“You needn't keep apologising, John,” said he.  Uncurling from his hunch, he stood, and extended a long hand.  He helped me up.  “Let's go downstairs again.”
“What have you found?” I hissed, as we made our way back onto the street.  “I don't understand why you were interrogating Dawkins about the chain around his neck.”
“More,” he gasped, and “
He slumped against the wall.  “What do you mean,
“There are
“Ye-es.”
But the Inspector's rib was tickled – and by the colour of my cheeks and my mortified expression, all the more so.
“That is exactly what I mean.”
“Why is it difficult?”
My friend's face softened, and he reached out with his free hand to pat at my leg in sympathy.
“This doily?”  I scooped it from the sideboard.  It appeared in every respect to still be an ordinary doily.  “Holmes, this is ridiculous.”
Holmes looked contrite.  “It wasn't meant to be.  I like most everything about you.  It's been so long since I've liked anyone, you know.”
“Did you
.  What shall I do with you?  You drive me to the limits of my patience.”  Mycroft Holmes transferred his gaze.  “Are you discreet?  I warn you, doctor, if you drag my brother down, then I shall--”
“Twice in one day, well, I should think so,” I replied.  “You little bawd.”
“I have had the Yellow Room prepared,” said he, as we came to the landing.
Holmes raised his head, his eyes half closed regarding me.
I flew with all my speed towards it, foregoing both my dinner and my dignity.  I arrived in a small sweat to find a gaggle of policemen, and standing quite apart from them, the fellow Sherlock Holmes.
Holmes rubbed his chin.  “If I had found and read them
All of the ground floor rooms were locked.  We ascended to the first floor and found it likewise.  Holmes muttered his frustration as we progressed to the final landing.  One door was open, the sunlight spilling out onto the polished floor.  Inside, we could hear a soft foot-tread and a series of dull thumps.
like it.  There!”
“I love the freedom that we have,” I said, as if the thought had only just occurred.  “I can kiss you here, or there, or grab you round-a-bouts--”  (and here Holmes began to laugh) “--and there is no-one to intrude, or see, or otherwise.  It's heaven.”
“You're
“Yes?  There were two?”
“E..L..O..,” said he.  “I cannot think of any one whose first or second name begins with these three letters.  Can you, John?”
“That's the decider,” I said, smiling.
Holmes raised his chin bravely.  “For St. Valentine!” he piped.  If he saluted, then I did not see, for I had lifted up my singlestick and had dealt the moustache a sound thwack.
“Well, you had cancelled,” I reminded him.  “Mycroft was quite surprised when you arrived.”
The village, as it so happened, was small, close-knit.  A cluster of neat shops, a doctor's surgery, a school.  Extending out were leafy lanes with pleasant cottages and stables.
Although alight with curiosity, the Inspector nodded and said nothing.  He knew of us, of course – I think – but always as an unspoken understanding, and we were grateful for his kindness and discretion.
Scarcely five hours later, the questions twisted in my mouth.  A second mail delivery: another box, a twin, to join our first.  Holmes tore off the wrapping, plucked the new phial from its bed.  His expression was now vexed.
I slept again.  The sun was rising when I blinked awake.  My friend was sitting propped against the headboard, and his hand was in my hair.  “Good morning, Watson,” he said softly.
“I thought you needed a small
.  Your arms were linked.  I saw her
“There you are,” said Holmes.  “Why ever are you lurking?”
“Yes.  In your
At the earliest, I hatched escape, to bathe and change my clothes before I swallowed a small supper and headed out to Baker Street.  I timed it well; Holmes should be home.  If he were not, then I would sit out on the doorstep, quite as stolid and as stoic as a brass bootscraper...
“If you want.”
He waved it at me in irritation.
“So what struck you as odd?” Holmes repeated.
“I am very confused,” I informed him.
We touched foreheads, panting, labouring.
“Just look at you,” I breathed.  “You are so beautiful.”  I kneeled upon the bed and stroked his skin.  “This is so different,” I said.  I kissed his stomach, and the tight buds on his chest, and touched the hot flush of his prick for the first time.  He inhaled sharply.  “
The Inspector rolled his eyes, drummed his fat fingers upon a corner of the desk.
“I love you.”  Aloud!  That he might hear, and in the knowledge that he would not be alarmed by it.  I lean forward and nudge him.  “I love you.”
“Please let me in,” I said, with every shred of feeling in my words I could afford.
“Yes, I know, but goodness me.  If this odd fellow is sending us phials of his blood merely to spell out the word 'elongation', I rather feel that exsanguination will be his only end reward.  And if it is someone else's blood, well, surely a letter would have followed by now to explain.”
He stepped briskly out into the narrow street and in through the broker's door.
form of silence, and we wended our way back to Baker Street.  We stood together on the step.
“Victor, come with me, please,” said my friend.
He foraged for his notebook.
Holmes rang the bell, and within a minute we were both inside the house.
“Is there something I can do?”
He looked uncomfortable.  He sipped.
“What?  How do you know?”
And it began!
“My boss has given me until the end of the week,” the young man replied.  “Tobias will be here for the weekend.  As for the servants, they are paid up to the month end, and after that I do not know.  I suppose that I should speak with them about it.”
be morning,” moaned my friend.  “I've only slept for sixteen minutes.”
you like?”
This talk set me to thinking that I might visit Mrs. Oaks on my return, for I was curious, and wished to see the home that held this most eccentric lady.
“I always keep my word,” said he.  “Mr. Holmes can attest to that.”  He glanced at Holmes, who nodded slightly.  “
I listened to his happy gabble, so much changed from yesterday.  Holmes's relief at at his elder brother's intervention was quite obvious, and now as fresh distraction there was a telegram and a mystery to solve.
“Mr. Holmes,” said Inspector Lestrade, “if you don't mind, I think we should cut short this questioning.  Mrs. Barker is far too upset to continue.  Do you have everything else you might need for the time being?  Yes?  We shall no doubt see you later, then.  Keep us informed of any news and useful facts, please, and thank you.”
.  What he
“Very well.  I won't raise the subject again.”
“You haven't worked for Scotland Yard for very long,” said Sherlock Holmes.
And I would have liked so dearly to say “Likewise!” – but my friend's ego might have popped from its inflation.
A smear of yellow pollen on a trouser-leg.
“Watson, what are you up to?” said my friend.  “I saw you skulking by the trees.  Are you collecting twigs, or what, now?”
.  The categories continued.  Until!
“No,” he said, catching my chin with his thumb and forefinger.  He kissed me, and angled his body to reel himself in.  He manoeuvred astride me, with his hands on my shoulders and his lips still on mine.  “You made me want it,” he said softly.  “But you're not getting it.  Not yet.”
“Can I ask why?”
That same evening, I visited Stamford.  He was, I think, a little nervous, although he hid it well and bluffed it through the whisky glass he offered me.  We sat beside his fire and stalled; the neither of us sure of how to broach the conversation.
I groaned and squirmed and pulled him down towards my mouth.  I kissed him deeply, and observed how very different it is to kiss a man, and all the lines of him, the firmness and the leanness, and the muscle, very different indeed.
The food upon my fork was growing cold.
Sherlock Holmes ruffled his plume and drew himself up to full height – which was considerable – and scowled at me.  “I doubt that
, what are you waiting for?  Come
The gentleman nodded.  He paused to brush his fingers down his trouser legs, as if in some plaintive, ineffectual attempt to further extend their length; for with the way that he was sitting, they curtailed quite abruptly at his shins.  His boot laces were tied in the most elaborate of fashions, with the tips of them low-dangling by his heels, and I wondered if they might have been the reason for his stumble.  I watched in fascination as our client straightened his spectacles, then changed his mind, removing them to polish with his tie.  He scrubbed each lens in turn with quite some vigour, before resettling the pair with a fine flourish on his nose.
He flushed in pleasure, might have answered, but for the sound of singing then from the direction of the kitchen.  It was a shanty, of the sea sort.  It was half-cracked and derailed, with a top-note of the preposterous.
“Eldritch's present address,” said my friend.  He crumpled the paper up into his fist.  “He is in Paris, France, and has been there all the week, so says the tardy Lestrade.”
The Inspector hauled himself up onto a low-backed wood chair and squinted up at my friend.
“Perhaps she's now drowning herself,” said my friend.  He sat down by the fire and picked up a book.  I drew the curtains, and joined him, although not set for reading.  I fell into thought, of the day we had spent, and the days yet to come.  Such a series of firsts – our first meal, our first night, then the first dawning of day.  I wondered if there might be snow.  I hoped that I might venture out tomorrow, and explore the cliffs and beach, or even wander into Fulworth, the nearest village to our farm.  I said as much to Holmes.  “Well, I might join you,” he replied, “for we have unpacked all the boxes, and there is not much left to do except to tidy.”
– give me a sandwich.”
“Until we're blazing drunk,” I said, still chuckling.  He smirked.  “Well, you should start, as it's your game.”  I raised my glass to him.  “And cheers.”
“I know your friends,” said Holmes.  He turned and looked at me.  “I know their
“But--” I was confused.  “But, Holmes – a
I watched him climb down from the cab.  I saw him extricate his key, unlock the door, and step inside.  Then his dark form was lost to twilight, and the carriage rolled away.
“Mr. Smith cut your hair extremely well on this occasion,” I told him quietly.  “You look very handsome from it.”
“John,” said he, “I think she
“Was that too much?” I whispered to him.  Good lord, the wriggling!  It took all of the control I had to give him space and room.
with you.  I can't stand the thought of home, if you're not there.”
.”  He stared then, suddenly, at a mid-point in my vicinity.  “John, your jacket's
I noticed far too late that I had not replaced the volume by Dr. Flyte as I had found it.  I had, in fact, forgotten it upon the arm of Holmes's chair.  Did it matter so much?  We often shared books after all.
while my heart beat a staccato in my chest.
“Good evening – Jane – isn't it?” said Sherlock Holmes.  “My condolences.  A sad loss indeed.  Is Mr. Burroughs at home?”
“Why are you obsessing, anyway?” my friend enquired.  “After tomorrow, fair to say, you'll likely not cross paths again.”  He watched my face.  “Aha!”
I studied the scrawl.  It looked very normal to me.
I explained about the dandy, and Oaks' eyes grew round in dawning recognition.
“My goodness, yes, Holmes, about that...”
“But--” I began.
“And I am Dr. John Watson,” I interjected.  “Mr. Holmes's trusted biographer and friend.  And I am off on a nice walk, and so I bid you a good day, sir.”
We spoke of music; of the violin.  I complimented him on his sure touch with it; the music I had heard.  He glowed with pleasure, and he promised he would play my favourite airs, if I might tell him what they were.  I said I would, yes absolutely, yes, I would.
I shook my head.  “I should not underestimate him.  Really, Holmes...”
“Oh ho,” said he.  “Oh ho!  You must be
Holmes plunged in a hand to draw out a tight bundle of bank notes.  And another, and yet more, and he placed them about on the bedspread.
“Perhaps,” I said, a flush upon my cheek.
Victor was waiting by the gate.  We made him promise that he should meet with us in London very soon to update us on his progress with the gables.  Sally and Jane would retain their posts; Victor was about to go to inform them of the news.
“If you have nothing better to do,” he said, “I should be glad if you would join me.  The exercise would do you good.  You have gained three pounds since Friday.”
He laughed, and stroked my hair back from my brow.  “I can't believe we're here like this.”
“Jibbly-jibbly-jibbly,” he whinnied.
“I do not know,” he said, laughing, “but it is all too delicious.  Come, John, let us go and find Victor.”
are the matter,” he exhaled.  “Good god, the way you're
He leaned back in his chair and raked his fingers through his hair.  “It's getting late.  I'd better settle up the bill.”
you, Holmes.”
as obvious, do you suppose?”
, for goodness sake.”
“I saw you do that.”
“John--” he began.
I straightened his tie.  We splashed our faces at the bowl and buffed our boots.
“You are most welcome.”
“You should try me.”
.  For she was a proper
I laughed.  I saw that my amusement rather pleased him; perhaps he realised I was not as dry a stick as he had feared.  I thought we might get on quite well.  I found him fascinating – for all his eccentricity – and looked forward with some eagerness for all the days to come in which I might observe the fellow.  I had been invalided home from war quite recently, and was currently much weakened with a slow-healing leg and shoulder wound.  How fortunate I was to have met old Stamford by sheer chance, and to learn of 221B Baker Street, with its light and airy rooms that would be most affordable if sharing with this fellow Holmes, and, well, here we were all settled in and doing very nicely.  I anticipated future days in comfort by the fireside, books and journals spread around me, cultivating this new friendship (how bold to call it so, already!) and becoming reacquainted with civilian life.
We sat in silence for a moment.  “Why does he speak to you that way?” I asked.  “Can I do anything to help?”
Of course, that had him panting, and I stripped him to the sound of it, then I was full upon him, and his legs were tight around me, and my spit-slick fingers in him, and goodness knows whatever noise that I was making by that point.  His face was creased as I made headway.
“At ten o'clock.  I'm under oath to take some part in it, so Watson, we must
“No, sir, he had not.”
“How very strange,” I said.  I turned to Holmes, whose face had pulled an odd expression.  “What are you thinking of?” I asked.
“Watson!” said he, all vim and vigour returned.  “It is me!”
“How are you feeling?” he enquired.
“I have seen it very recently,” said Holmes.  “I must think where.”
“I live nearby,” I said, upset too at the thought of that.  “We'll see each other all the time, I promise.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“You play?  The cello?”
I drew him over to the sofa, and we sat, he with his back against the arm.  I leaned towards him, and he tensed, ever so slightly.  Our faces stopped within an inch.  His lips were parted, yes, but barely, and I heard a sharp intake of tremored breath.
...” – and waved, and then was gone, no breakfast and, quite certainly, no coffee.
“This really doesn't bode well,” said my friend.  He placed a kiss to my left cheek.  “I love your good heart, do you know that?  It is always in your nature to protect.  You have many fine qualities, but that is one of your best.”
A further thought struck me and I clutched my friend's arm.
“Don't move,” said he, against my skin.  “Watson, don't move.  I need you just like this.”
We headed off, and found a cab with little trouble.  Inside, a silence fell, absorbing every breath and shift on fabric.  I searched for words again.
have something for me to set my teeth around.”
He shrugged.  “Families are complicated animals,” said he.  And then he spoke no more about it, so diverting us instead to music, violins, and orchestras.
Mycroft seemed much amazed.  “Dooley?” he said, frowning.  “What on earth?  I thought he'd cancelled.  Well, then, no matter.  Show him his room, Anne, thank you kindly.  It's the Blue.  Tell him to join us when he likes.”  And then, to all of us, when the maid had closed the door: “Dooley's a character.  He works in publishing.  Don't get him talking on
He nodded energetically.
“You shaved your legs,” I responded, slowly.  “All of them?”
“Holmes,” I said, “do you inject?”
The journey down was uneventful.  We arrived at the small station where a cart was waiting for us, and we travelled down the rutted lanes, a-bumping and a-rolling on the high seas of dried mud.
“That was my turn,” said he.
He shrugged.
“Oh, for goodness sake, why?  For refusing his case?  How would it make any difference?  I am certainly sorry that he is dead, but there is nothing that can be done to bring him back.  We should focus our attention on the case.  I fear that Lestrade will be tramping all over and destroying the evidence if he can possibly do so.  I suggest we leave now.”
“Not at all.  He is quite eleven pounds the heavier, and no taller.”
However, for explanations, there were none.  My friend was mute upon the subject, and we sat beside the fire and smoked our pipes, and discussed the inflated price of sugar pigs, and how we might afford them, or should we switch to peanut brittle.
“Are you quite sure of that?” I asked.
“What is the matter with your arm, Holmes?”
For the former, I was not aware of it, but as for the latter – “I did enjoy it, very much,” and: “thank you, Holmes.”  For I had devoured a heaping plate of rich roast beef with all the trimmings, and for dessert a fulsome bowl of that which I was now mopping from my mouth.  I felt deliciously full and content.
“John, be quiet,” said he.  “This is our room.
Good lord,
I was baffled.  I hurried across and took hold of his hand.  I examined it closely.  I could see nothing amiss.  It appeared in every respect to still be my friend's hand.  “Where does it pain you?” I enquired.
I left him to it, and returned to the warm fireplace.  I poured another cup of tea, and nibbled the last sandwich.  I kept a roving eye on Holmes, who was now pacing near the window with his nose glued to his recent correspondence.  I had never known the like of him.  I had never
I absorbed this information.  “The lady must have been a pretty one,” I said, as compliment.
I could hardly stand the tension.  “Did you see her?  What did she
“Where do you think?  St. James's Street.”
My friend's face turned mournful.  He glared down at his fingers.  “I really don't like
“That's settled, then,” said he.  “My head's a
.  Sometimes, he felt a world away, remote and out of focus.
“No, what is that?”
Holmes was sitting by the fire, his knees drawn up.  It looked most uncomfortable a perch.  He was smoking his black clay; the plume was filling half the room.  I waved a hand to clear the fug as I stepped in and now towards him.
“You are very welcome.”  The old man rose up from his stool and, clutching a dust-cloth, limped across to a glass cabinet and set to polishing its front.
“The cliffs?”
“I really don't think that it's going to snow,” I said, by the window, looking out at the sky from the grey curtain-fold.  “But
Did he consider me obtuse?  A boor, insensitive to mood?  I am those things occasionally, but should like to give myself an ounce of credit that for the most part, I am inclined to the romantic.  What a mess I'd made of this!
His features softened.  “What are your thoughts on this?” he asked.  He pointed to the politician, crumpled, oddly folded.  There was a gun beside the body.
(another possibility, if it related to Talmadge) ...
“Oh, well, then I look forward to feeling even more disagreeable than usual,” said my friend.
I left my room and so descended, formulating my
“So it would appear,” said Holmes.
“By inferring that Mrs. Barker had remembered certain detail.  That he had been seen in the vicinity that night.  That his handwriting matched the note.  The fellow blustered, and so dug himself a very pretty hole.”
“And it was I who had to make the first move,” said Holmes, sounding faintly aggrieved.
“I'm deeply sorry, Holmes,” I said.  “I'd no idea.  That is not on.  I'll have a word with him.”
“I think I have,” I said.  “Oh, by the way, Lestrade, what do you know of Sherlock Holmes?”
, set back a little way in its grounds, seemed most inviting as we heeled up to the latch.
“I love you desperately,” I whispered in his ear.  “And I have wanted you for so long, longer than you'll ever know.”
There could be no man in the city or beyond who felt a greater sense of guilt at that stark moment.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Well, you mustn't stand on ceremony,” said Langdale Pike.  “Come in, sit down, and all that.  Ha!”  He rubbed his hands.  “You are looking very dapper.”
The strangest sound, from Holmes's room.  A gasping wail, abruptly muffled.
“No, but she may as well have done.  What is the difference, whether we bleed on the outside or the inside, my friend, eh?  Watson, didn't you hear
“I've no idea.  When I have time.”
“Victor,” my friend said slowly, “my dear fellow, when you decorate...”
“You are unmarried then,” I said, feeling a low whirr of delight.
(And how to compare this against the arch gentleman who emerges sprightly the next morning, once more the alpha and the dominant of we two.  And I am amused and oft bemused in equal measure.)
Holmes showed her the notebook.  The lady frowned and leaned forward.
I caught up with him.  “Stop running away,” I complained, although really not minding at all.
Being shorter, I remained within our rooms at Baker Street, with the windows flung wide open and the air from this grand height infinitely cooler and far preferable.  Seated on the sill and looking out, therefore, I was feeling quite content until the maelstrom returned home from who knew where.
All of Saturday, I waited.  I was determined not to show my hand so quickly; although in truth I had already – and had been turned down!  I smarted at the sore of that.  I cursed myself for
“But what about the case?  Can you not tell me any more?”
“For that infernal great brainbox of yours,” I retorted.  I jolted off the path into the tall grass, and the knapsack on my back set off a clamour in three-part harmony.
“It had a happy ending after all, I think,” I said, half to myself and half to Holmes.
“And I suppose that
“Oh,” Pike interjected, “it wasn't so very much.  A hand on his knee, a soft word or two.  I was soundly rebuffed, I assure you – much to my disappointment.  Faint heart never won fair lady, that is what they say, I do believe.”  That smile again, speckled with strained anxiety.
“Come in out of the rain,” I invited.  “Did you not bring a coat?”
“Well then, now I shall be honest, as you asked, and tell my story,” he replied.  “And heaven help the pair of us.”  He leaned forward in his chair then, and I did the same in mine, and we were but just two feet apart and yet a world away.
I turned and caught his curling smirk.
I couldn't help it.  He was handsome, fascinating, and though recalcitrant, I liked him very much.
“No!”  He pulled his arm clear of my grip.
“It's been so long,” he said again, his voice a hush.  “I'd like our first time to be somewhere else.”  He huffed a laugh.  “At Baker Street.”
“Three days ago, at the lady's house – the dilapidated gables, do you remember? – and during the first part of that morning, Jane the maid opened the door into the drawing room.  There, to her dismay, she found her mistress stretched out cold upon the floor.  With presence of mind and admirable calm, the maid knelt by the lady to call out her name and to check for her pulse.  She was sadly too late.  Between the fingers of her right hand, it was observed that Augusta Burroughs was still clutching fast to a single rose.  There were no other flowers of that description within the room.  The windows were pushed open – to be expected, given the weather.  The maid raised the alarm, the police were involved, and the next of kin – in this case her nephew Victor – were informed.  They are still to determine the cause of death.  There was a small pinprick upon one of the fingers grasping the bloom.  The expression upon the poor lady's face was that of one frozen in horror.”
By eight o'clock of the next morning, the whole house was awake and moving.  Mrs. Oaks was in the kitchen frying up the eggs and bacon.  Holmes and I were dressed up warmly, gazing out at the white blanket that was covering the green.
“Mrs. Oaks,” I reminded him gently.  “An old friend of Mrs. Hudson's.  We are lucky that she agreed to housekeep for us, and that she already lives so close to our new home.”
“At least you have a fresh ironed shirt today,” said he.
“Why do you inject?”
, so Mycroft says.”
.”  I shook my head.  “I don't understand.”
me to, please, Holmes.”
“I've no intention,” I said, horrified.  “I like an easy life, thank you.”
, John, please.  Stay here and smoke, or continue with one of those books we were reading just yesterday.”
“I know just who might benefit from these,” said he, wide-smiling.  “Do you still hold their address in your book, Mr. Holmes?”
“Where must I sleep, then?  In the scuttle?”
“Oh, for god's sake,” the little man complained, “whatever are you doing here?”
He smiled shortly.
There were many adjectives I might have used, but the word 'lovely' was unlikely to be one of them.
I asked it, crossly.  He's not
“Good morning, Dooley!” I said jovially.  “So sad it's the last day, eh?”
it?  A love letter?”
“Oh, Mondays always are a drag,” said the young man.  “There's always something that's last minute.  Why
Victor pointed out a number of the flower beds, their unusual blooms and buds.
I frowned.  “I don't quite understand?”
The latter chapter seemed to me well-thumbed.  I put down the book, my mood depressed.  I set myself to thinking of all the times of late that Holmes had seemed distracted and remote.  I prayed that he had not relapsed...
“Well, here we are,” the girl declared as we stopped by a small front door.  “This is Aunt Jessica's.”  She raised herself up on her tiptoes, pressed a quick kiss to my cheek.  “Thank you again,” said she – and drawing a small key out from her purse, unlocked the door and disappeared within.  I stood there for a moment, thrown; it took a group of passers-by to stir me into moving, to set out for home.
I nudged him in the ribs.  “Shut up.  It's early.  I'm still asleep.”
“Tell me
“One of the antique shops?”
and tried to think of anything but that.  I heard him snuffle, stir just slightly
“Yes, and other places.  It should save time.  I don't much fancy traipsing footsore around each one.  You are back sooner than expected, Watson.  Well, at any rate, I shall see you later.”
“Do you want brandy?” he enquired.
“You will not be sick,” I said.  “Mrs. Hudson would be furious.”
The sun was deeper in the sky by the hour the Surrey train pulled in.  We hired a hansom for the short ride, and so stepped down into Augusta Burroughs' lane a little after five-thirty.
I waved him over to a chair.  He moved in the general direction but declined to sit down.
“Well, it could be arranged!”
We contorted to a lotus flower.  He, shy, upon my lap, legs wrapped around me, face tucked in upon my shoulder, as we palmed each other's cocks, and panted, cursed, and breathed endearments.  I oiled my fingers, probed his small and puckered hole; he keened and writhed, pushed himself down upon my hand.  I worked him gently, and the
you.  You are a
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
He smiled, and looked at me from eyelids partway closed.  I felt a pang; an urge, a yearning, in my chest.
“Your brother,” I said.  “Ulysses.  This has something to do with him?”
“Oh,” I said.  “And there I was believing us to be discreet.”
it that you think?”
We paid the bill, and travelled back to Baker Street.  The hansom stopped outside the house.
That afternoon was curious.  Mrs. Hudson served us lunch, after which we sat and idled with a pot of strong black coffee.  Holmes seemed over-agitated.  He cast me frequent anxious glances and turned away if I acknowledged them.  He took down first one volume and then another from the bookshelf, yet not finding what he sought, for his strange mood did not improve.
“Elopement!” I exclaimed.  “E.L.O.!  I think we have it!”
“Watson,” he said carefully, “I have known you for two days.  I am flattered by your confidence, but great heavens, man, you don't know what you're asking.”
“How is it, then?”
“He is not a stray, at least,” I said.  “He is well fed, and has a collar, don't you, Rusty?”
“And yet the house itself is still a shambles,” my friend replied.  “Come on, John.”
“I am confused,” I said honestly.  “What does it mean?”
The drawer was at knee-height and, to my eyes, contained no interest.  “Table cloths and napkins,” Holmes observed.  “That is suggestive.”
He kicked at it with his boot.
“I had an awful head.  I'm feeling better now,” I said.  I turned to him to whisper: “Dooley seems quite taken with you, I must say.”
“It's all her fault,” he wailed.  “Everything, and all of it.  I'm surprised I haven't been sick eight times already.”
His eyes flicked open and he tutted, cross, perhaps, that I should question him.  “I like it when you... talk,” he said.  “So, talk.”
“The more-so the older I get, it appears!”
We both of us sprang from our rut to our feet.  Rearranging our clothes and composure, we hurried out to the main landing.  By now it was past five o'clock, but Jane the maid was with us still, for there were her footsteps in the hall and then the front door squeaking open.  We heard soft voices – male and female – and then a shuffling as our visitors were shown into the drawing room.
“Well, hardly so.  What with the
“Well, nonetheless, my love, a black eye was what he got.”
“Mycroft told you,” I said, glaring.
,” I said.  “Or, if I don't, then
We were huffing down the street and looking for a hansom cab before I found the chance to speak.
“You worked out, Watson, I hope, at least, the significance of Dawkins' pendant?”
“But who on earth do you know out in Cuba?”
“Who is who?”
“Holmes, do you think he could have been...?”
“Well, you were louder than a freight train, so I am not at all surprised...”
I hastened down to Mrs. Hudson to request a pot of tea.  When I returned, my friend was frowning at the mantelpiece, a finger to his lips.
“To what purpose?” I enquired.  What was the fellow's name?  I looked him up and down.  I felt a frisson that I did not care to classify.
“Well, so are you.  Right in my ear.”
Then Sherlock Holmes burst into laughter.
And he hummed to himself, the infuriating man, and said nothing more, despite all of my questions and my pleading.
He gawked at me.
A further flurry of puffs, and then, querulous:  “Yes.”  A pause.  “Watson, I simply can't BREATHE.
But I have leapt ahead, of course – as always.  Allow me to begin by taking you back to that nascent spring, where the sun's shy warmth was set to vanquish the last grey drab of our wet winter.  A Wednesday morning – in which we found ourselves both sat before our fireplace all the same, for it was early yet, and the night before had thrown us a sharp chill.
“Oh,” I said, again.  “I see.”  I picked up a serving spoon from the breakfast table, and peered into the back of it.  The curl peered back from my reflection, mute and passive.
I furled one of my own straight back.  “Yes?”
“Mrs. Barker!”
Our young friend nodded, smiling weakly.  He took a long draught of his ale.  “And that makes it better,” said he, with a wipe of his lips.  “Delicious.”
We stared each other down.  Then Sherlock Holmes drew breath.
”  Lips pressed tight.  “That little fucker.”
“Holmes,” I hissed, “I don't think that Lestrade will like it one small bit if we barge in.”
I took a bath that evening, wincing as the soapy water touched my sun burn.  I made a mental note to buy a summer hat the very instant I returned back home to London (and the thought of 'home' did not appeal at all).    My only comfort was that Holmes lived relatively close, on Baker Street.  I wondered would he even want to see me, after this?  Would he have second thoughts, a wiser call to judgement, deem me too much of a risk, and too much trouble to be bothered with?  All these thoughts and more I agonised with, while I flannelled down my scarlet skin and towelled myself dry.
I lost.
“A good game in the cock-loft, do pardon my language.”
will not.”
“Holmes,” I said, hesitating, disbelieving, “am I given to understand that you have made me a... a piñata... in the shape of a moustache... for Valentine's Day, and now you are expecting me to...” – and here I paused a fraction longer – “... to play with it?”
use in Cambridge.”
And he, saying nothing, stared into thin air.  I supposed he was trying to put a name to a place, and so I thought nothing about it.
“Hydrogen sulfide?”
I shook my head.  “I just want you.”  I moved towards him, took his hand, and placed the lightest kiss upon it.  He closed his eyes, lowered his forehead to touch mine.  We stood there quietly, quite achingly aware of skin and cloth, and hair and bone.  He drew me gently to his bedroom, where he lit the lamp, and closed the door, and turned the covers down.  Off came his jacket, and his waistcoat, and his tie.  I watched him, rapt, scarcely believing this was happening at last.  And then the buttons on his shirt, his collar loosened, and the braces, and the buttons of his trousers, all undone.  He hesitated then.  “Don't stop,” I told him, barely yet a whisper, and barely could he hear me, but he carried on.  And then, naked before me, he raised his arms away, as if to say
“I had a sardine sandwich yesterday,” he said.
“Don't make things worse,” I said.  “The mess you've made.”
I felt the red upon my cheeks, and wondered what on earth was happening.  Sherlock Holmes was still laid prostrate, one knee crooked but slightly, with his face still turned my way.  He looked delectable and beautiful; all manner of hyperbole so springing now to mind.  I sat across from him and combed my hair, to keep my mind from skittering to somewhere it ought not.
.  You make assumptions which are
“Were you just standing on the other side?” I asked, bemused.
“We do take care.  We were at home.”
Holmes was seated opposite.  Considerately, he had rescued my book from its tumble; had closed it and set it aside on the table.  He had been watching me awhile, I thought, so settled was his pose, his chin tucked into his left palm, propped up.
“I rather like the idea of being grabbed by the round-a-bouts.  But as for intrusion, unfortunately, don't we have our dear housekeeper due to launch herself upon us?  It must be almost five o'clock by now.”
“That will be wonderful,” I said.
“You spoke with him then?  Did he...?”
He came to join me, stretched himself upon the mattress.  “You will lose,” said he.
The week passed by, as any other week might pass if one was hopping on a tenterhook.  There was no further visitation; not a telegram, nor note.  I felt my spirits sink and settle in an unset pool inside of me.  By Friday I was miserable.  I gave myself a talking-to.  And then, at six o'clock – a telegram!
still open for custom?” he enquired.
“Not only books,” said Holmes.  He walked towards them, tucked his hand behind a panel.  I heard a click.  A hidden door revealed itself.  Holmes pulled it open.
Holmes smiled.  “Mycroft is dictatorial.  He always was.  We fought when we were children, and we still fight, even now.  He is as odd a bird as I am; even odder.”  Holmes paused to take a sip of wine, to readjust his cuffs.  “He's always wanted to control me, and it's never really worked, so we lock horns.  John, do you know, Mycroft writes letters to himself?”
“I have won an award,” I repeated, deflated.  “You might be happy for me, Holmes.”
been sitting there?” I asked.
Holmes shrugged and smiled.  “Are you a halfway decent doctor?” he enquired.
“And he the doctor,” Gregson chuckled.  “A doctor and a
“I shall try.  But about Mycroft...?”
It was brief and succinct.  It was tear-stained and blotted.  It almost impressed me.  Not fully, but almost.
He nodded mutely, then jumped up.  “This is
“From the shock, I would assume.”
“Napping,” I lied.  “What do you want, Holmes?”
“Happy Valentine's,” my friend repeated slowly.  “Are you deaf?”
He shrugged, and rose.  “This is the fireplace,” he said, now in a winsome tone of voice.  (Oh, he was playing with me now, I realised with great delight.)  “And over here we have the bookshelves – dry old tomes you would dislike, I'm very sure.  And here's the table where I do all my experiments.  Don't touch the test tubes, Watson, they have
“I absolutely will,” I said.  “I promise.  When this leg of mine is healed.”
I broke into laughter.  “There are few things I enjoy more,” I informed him, “than unintentional innuendo.”
“E...L...”  I shook my head.  “This makes no sense, Holmes.”
Every nerve of me was aching to return to Baker Street; to say
Holmes gestured with his cigarette.
“We are going to visit Mycroft?”
“Oh, yes, it had indeed.  My father was an archaeologist, you know.  He found it on a dig in Guatemala when he was little more than thirty.  He always seemed very fond of it.  It remained in his possession for all that time, and now it sits upon my bedroom shelf and stares at me, and I don't know what to do.”
“I see.”  Or at least, rather, I thought I did.
“What is it?  What have you found?” he asked, eager.
.  From the wide window of the kitchen, something caught my friend's sharp eye.  He took brisk steps outside, towards the distant hives.  “
He retreated, slightly flummoxed by the cavalcade of gifts.  “I have no vase for these,” he said.
“I'm sorry,” I said, penitent.
Holmes snorted rather rudely.  He took the bottle and poured us both a second glass of chilled white wine.
“I think,” said Mr. Oaks, his voice in wonder, “yes, I think that I should like that very much.  You've been most kind to me.  You've saved my bacon, so you have.  So yes, I do accept, and thank you kindly, thank you sirs!”
“Oh!” I blurted, startled from my reverie.  “Then that is where you were this morning?”
Three hours passed by, and Holmes emerged, the brightest beam lighting his face.
“Watson, you really should pay attention.  One of them – the taller fellow, with the moustache similar to yours – was fairly animated.  I heard him declare quite distinctly:
,” said he.  “Just rather, in more comfort.”  He stroked my cheek.  “Thank you.”
Mrs. Barker's hands began to flutter at her face.
We watched in curiosity as an old woman passed by the gate, a heavy sack over her shoulder.  She grunted to herself as she continued down the lane.  A rogue apple or potato made its escape from the loose neck and bounced away.  Cursing blue, she chased it, her precious quarry rolling, rolling.  A few seconds later and she had disappeared from view.
Once there, I hit a brick.  I was informed by Mrs. Hudson that my friend had been called out to Bart's – an urgent case analysis.  It should not take him very long, but if I could, perhaps, direct myself to meet him there instead...?
“John,” came the voice, “are you awake?”
I smiled.  “Who knows.”
“Thank you,” he said.
“We do not know the combination,” I observed.
Sherlock Holmes yawned widely and stretched his legs, throwing his arms above his head so that the length of him resembled a brown land snake in rigor mortis.  His dressing-gown fell open, revealing the night shirt, white and rucked, and an expanse of smooth, pale leg.  The fireplace he sat beside cast out its warming glow, and flickered shadows on the rug.  The time: an early morning in mid-winter, in the year of 1890.
Victor did not demur, to my relief.  He tugged at my elbow, however, as we backed into the hall.
to Mrs. Hudson?”
We snuffed the lamps, and bade each other a good night.
“I have several tentative lines of enquiry,” said Holmes.  “Let us return to Baker Street.”
The sitting-room at 221B Baker Street was quiet, almost eerily so, I thought, as I stood on its threshold and surveyed the space.  Our old-familiar, our sanctuary; the room where we would end most every day, Sherlock Holmes and I, together, side-by-side, or in our chairs beside the fireplace.  The fireplace was roaring now – it being the early winter of the year 1903.
“Oooh,” said the man.  “She's a deader, that one.”  He rocked back on his stool.  “As a dodo.  And such a pity.  What'll become of it now?  The gardener fellow, you say?  No idea, son.  No idea.  And what's that?  An old woman dressed all in black, with a hood?  Ha ha ha!  Are ye sure ye weren't dreamin'?  Never seen sight of her either.  Ah'm missin' out on the fun.”
“Egg and cress and beef and mustard,” he said accusingly.
.  I've a mind to stay in bed.”
“Very much.”
“At some point,” Holmes reminded me.  “Not now, but in the future.”
“Perhaps it is not such a waste,” he replied.  “Even if they itch, my legs look lovely with no hair on them.”  He sat back in his chair, and turned attention to his breakfast.
“I am her son, that's true,” said he.  “I knew her for a month and then I lost her.  I don't lay any claim to anything, because, you see, that's not the way I was brought up.  I don't take things that I can't rightly call my own.  Whatever would Augusta think, god rest her soul, if I did something that she never would have wished?  I have already ruined one life: hers.  I have no desire to ruin yours as well.”
“I'm going to
“Ye-es.  And they've a wolfhound named Ruffles, but that's
Sherlock Holmes lowered his eyes and fixed me with a keen regard.  “So you assumed that I might not,” said he.  I took him in: he was a vision; the most dashing fellow in the hall.  I felt the colour in my cheeks rise to a fervent shade of ardour.
“I would be honoured,” I replied, a glow of happiness within me.  “And may I call you Sherlock?”
“No,” I said, “I meant,
are thin and broad!  And one is missing!  And the case has been recently touched!”
“I am all tickety-boo now,” he said.  “I had a bit of a thing, and a whatnot, and – pfffft! – well, you know.”
“Damn you, I knew it,” he said, flushed.  “Would you have waited sixty years?”
“I'm not as bad as all that,” said Holmes with asperity.  He ducked his chin to his chest and blew a soft serenade of fat raspberries.  I found it difficult to ascertain if they were meant for me or not.
It took us fifteen minutes to remove the yellow paint from Holmes's fingers, already chafed and beaten from his earlier endeavour – but at length the deed was done.  We resettled ourselves, the windows wide open, and surveyed the room anew.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We dressed for bed, and doused the lamps.  We lay there quietly, apart, until at length I heard his breathing deepen, falling into slumber, and I joined it at some interval, the moonlight infiltrating the calm heartbeat of the room.
“Yes.” said Sherlock Holmes.  “For my infernal great brainbox.”
I took the jug and ventured downstairs to the kitchen, where to my pleasure I found the cook already preparing a large breakfast for us all.  Affable, she soon had me on my way with steaming water and the promise of a feast if we might descend in twenty minutes.
By this time, we had been sharing rooms at Baker Street for a little more than four years.  From its hesitant beginnings of shy confusion and occasional frustrations, our friendship blossomed and so prospered into something almost intimate.
“Where are you doing?  Don't make a fuss.  Billy saw that we were out and he did not think--”
I looked up at his window as I stood upon the street, and he was there, framed in the curtains, and he was still there as I turned the corner, taking one last peep.
I was in love – I knew it now – and my heart ached for the sheer waste of it.
“I do not exaggerate,” I said.  I lit my pipe and took my chair directly opposite, my feet hot and aching from a long and tiring day.  I picked up the morning's
“Watson,” said he, interrupting my fret, “what are your plans for tomorrow?”
“It is like Piccadilly Circus,” I observed.
“I'm just three minutes late,” said Mrs. Oaks with her best bluff.
The smell of rotting eggs is hardly a pleasant one, even with the windows open.  With the lack of anything resembling a breeze to disperse the invasion, I flung open the sitting-room door.
We hovered in the doorway and peered into the panelled study.  Lestrade was kneeling by the desk, picking up a dislodged pile of books.  Holmes cleared his throat.  The Inspector started, ungainly spinning towards the sound.
I glanced across to Holmes, who was sprawled smoking in his easy chair.
“A quartz point is fairly unusual, wouldn't you say?”
I was slow to catch on.  “What struck me as odd?”
“You need to settle down and marry.  A happy home, a happy mind, a happy surgery, ha ha!”
“Thank me for what?” I smiled, “I all but near deflowered you on the rug.”
.”  I hesitated.  “Do you think you... might?  With me?  Feel connected at some point, I mean to say?”
would play swords with me?”
“Good god.”  I reached a hand to stroke his cheek; he nestled into the soft touch.  “I've never felt this way before.”
He coloured pink.  “Thought of me, how?”
“I suppose so.”  I took his hand and smoothed away the knuckle graze.  “You shouldn't
Holmes was standing in the centre of the room, arms hanging loosely at his sides, his head held high.  He fixed me with a haughty stare that fooled me not even remotely, for he was shaken just as much as I, and fighting with quite everything he had to best conceal it.
“Yes, of course, Holmes.  I understand,” I said.
“I must get dressed,” said Holmes.  “I can't lay here like this with you.”  He sprang up from the bed, and rooted briefly in the wardrobe.  He disappeared behind the screen.  I heard him rustling and buttoning, and I mourned the loss of intimacy.  What a silly thing!  And not a loss at all, of course, but even so.  I'd rather we had stayed in bed together for an hour or two longer, talking nonsense, fond regard, or wrapped up in each other's arms.
The second letter drew a frown to Holmes's face.  I looked at him, anxious.
“He is better off dead.”
“We shall leave, yes, I think,” replied Holmes.  “But you must contact us again, without any delay, if you or your staff see either person again.  I shall make my own enquiry back in London.  Do not lose hope, my boy.  We are working on your side, and shall return before the weekend.  Oh, and by the way, might we trouble you for a bowl of water for our friend?”
“The handwriting is that of a woman's,” he said.
“Dr. Watson,” said Mrs. Hudson, our smiling landlady.  “The postman's been.  He's left some letters, and what looks to be a Christmas card.  The card is addressed to you.”
“Right now?”  I started to panic.  I was not sure if I was quite ready to relinquish my curl.
We rounded the ball games, and by a circuitous route reached the lake where a number of small boats were milling.  It was as though the water's surface comprised a million tiny diamonds, so beautifully it glittered as we paused to watch the revels.  By luck we found a bench not far away, and sat to rest.  Between the intermittent birdsong, the distant bandstand chimed and parped a tune that warped and wafted on the breeze.
“I adore you like this,” I told him fiercely.  “I adore how you crave it.”
want to know where you have been?”
“Watson, do you recall the conversation a while ago with Mrs. Barker?  Yes?  Well, what struck you as odd about it?  Was there anything?”
There was no answer at Peregrine Way.  The door was locked, the windows shuttered.  A next-door neighbour kindly informed us that the housekeeper, being so traumatised by the recent sad events, was spending the weekend with a friend, but:
I sighed.  I shucked my coat, removed my boots, and pulled on my carpet slippers.  A fire was blazing in the hearth; I stood in front of it and warmed my bones, peering about me all the while.  I applied deductive reasoning to the evidence I found:  torn shreds of newsprint on the desk; a white liquid substance on the chair; a forlorn scrap of rubber laying lifeless on the rug.
again.”
“Any small number of reasons,” replied Holmes.  “I am going to look around now.  Sit down and behave.”
Sherlock?  I must speak with him.”
“No,” I said, “not that.”  I waved my letter.  “Holmes!  It's this.  It is wonderful news.  I have won an award!”
He shakes his head.  “No...  John.”  (He is still testing my name.  It must feel very strange.)  “I want it.”  His cheeks redden further.
I waited while he considered this difficult question.
Ten minutes later, we were in the kitchen making tea and slicing fresh-baked bread for sandwiches.
“How do you plan to spend today?” I asked.
Afterwards, we lay, a mess of arms and legs and tats of crumpled clothes.
“Please.”
Holmes groaned and shook his head and clapped his hands against his ears.  “La-la-la-la-la, can't hear you, la-la-la-la-la,” he piped.
He explained to me in detail, and I gawked at him, dumbfounded.
He was silent once more as his nib scratched the paper.  There were many pauses and grunts before the final grand flourish.
Mrs. Hudson came to clear away the breakfast tray.  Her eyes were bright and red-rimmed, and I stayed to touch her arm, to offer comfort, for she felt it more than we, I think.
that?”
Holmes snorted.  “And you believe it?”
“Mr. Talmadge,” said Holmes, stepping forward and extending his hand.  I leapt to assist.  Together, we managed to rescue the gentleman and set him down safe on a chair.  I hastened for brandy, and poured out a finger which our guest accepted gladly.
“You will be my new addiction, John,” said he.
“By jove, what a drop,” I said, frowning.  “It must have taken some nerve.”
“Pike,” said my friend.
Holmes stooped beside the blood stains on the floor where the body had lain.  He examined the marks intently and then rose and moved across to the sash window, whereupon he thrust his head out and slowly turned it in all directions.  I joined him there, and peeped out below.
“I shall pack for us both, then,” I said.  I rose from my chair and moved across to my love.  I lifted his chin and kissed his mouth.  His arms wrapped loose about my waist, rubbing my back through shirt and waistcoat.
.  And sundials and
.”  I smiled.  “Whichever term you deem to be applicable.”
I nodded; took a sip.
“You don't have to,” I said gently.
“No,” said my friend, “I don't think so, but thank you.  Come, Watson.”
I found that I enjoyed preparing lunch for just the two of us.  (Life was a sequence of surprises, small and notable.)  Searching through the pantry, I found the remnants of the meat pie, and the fresh-baked loaf from breakfast.  Some thick-sliced cheese, a few soft pickles, and the tray was piled high.  I presented this to Holmes as a proud parent might their newborn son.
“Some would say my nose is over-large,” he cautiously replied.
“Bless Mrs. Hudson,” said my friend.  He locked the door.  He came towards me, and he put his arms around me, and he thrust his nose behind my ear and held it there, just breathing, in and out.  “You smell of ambergris,” he murmured, and the body of me shook with want and need.  I clasped his back, and ran my fingers down his spine.
, 'John can do that'?” I demanded, cross.  “Why do you always seem to take it for granted that I'll--”
“That what would happen, Holmes?”
If looks could kill, then I should be a dead man.
Holmes stared at me.  He appeared to have forgotten his cricked neck, for he had ceased his fretful rub.
“I am not a total loss,” said he.  “Yes, I have the tools, and yes, I have some wood, and mesh.  It can't be all that complicated, surely.”
My concentration lax, I lost the hand, and all those after it.
“I've not met anyone like you before,” I said.
Victor laughed.  He knew exactly what my friend was thinking of.
“But I still don't understand why he should mail you his blood,” I repeated.
“We should make enquiries at the village about that old biddy,” I said.  Then:  “We have hot water, Holmes, for shaving.”
“Ho there, Watson, Mr. Holmes,” said he.  “Well, what a Sunday this is, eh?”
two gentlemen were lovers, or how about
My friend resumed his seat.  He tapped my hand.
“The hunt...”
“Mycroft Holmes,” said Mycroft Holmes.  “But do you always rise this late?”
I wanted him.
Holmes paid a visit to Lestrade while I lingered in the hallway, reading the bulletins on the noticeboard.  I paid little mind to Inspector Gregson who came sniffing at my heels, no doubt for tidbits on the case.  He rattled on for several minutes, but of what I could not tell, so deeply furrowed was my brain as I still rolled the facts within it.
Stamford stared at me.  “Sherlock Holmes?  Whatever for?  I thought you couldn't stand the man.”
in there?” he demanded.  He caught sight of my bag with the shop's name upon it.  “Wasting your money again.”
Holmes followed me into our bedroom, where he sat down upon the edge of the bed to watch as I packed.
“I will play for you one day,” said Holmes.
We donned our nightshirts, lowered the lamps, climbed into bed.  There was not so much room to move around.  We lay quite stiffly, straight and awkward, staring upwards at the ceiling.
“But you are her
“Yes, Holmes?”
“Oh, yes, she is much better, Doctor, yes, thank you, after the course of treatment you recommended.  We really cannot thank you enough.  Elizabeth said to me – and yes, she truly did –
“I am going out for a short while,” said Holmes.  “An hour or two, that's all.  You need not come with me; the weather is filthy.  I am off to Charing Cross.  I will be quite safe, don't pout like that.  No,
“You hold... a secret?”  The question felt as lead in my throat.
“It doesn't matter,” said my friend.
Holmes flung up his hands.  “Who the devil can say?  Perhaps all of London has found itself in the grip of a psychic revolution, and we ourselves are far behind the times.  Would it be a sound idea to begin to solve cases with the use of the tarot?  Ha!  It would save on boot leather at least.”
“Thank you, no, that won't be necessary,” my friend replied.  “You do not have anything larger than that?”
I heard him huff.
I shook my head, and opened up my envelope.  A Christmas card, another pleasant scene: a snowman and a little robin redbreast side-by-side.  I read the message and the signature inside.  “Oh!”  I looked up.  “Holmes!  It's from you.”
, my dear,” said he.  “I thought you might enjoy a little puzzle.  You were very quick about it, well done, you.”
It seemed such an uncommon thing that I froze rigid to the spot.  I might have suspected his indulging in a solitary pleasure, had not the nature of his lifestyle precluded such a notion.  I assumed that he had likely stubbed his foot upon the bed-leg, or dropped a clock upon his toe.
Scratch, scratch.
“I would thank you for the sentiment, if it weren't quite so macabre,” said Holmes.  “Hm, is your left arm paining you?”
“How nice,” I said.  I left my room and followed Mycroft down the stairs once more and into the front drawing room, where a small group had gathered, talking, by the window.
to come up with solutions.  You are remarkable in many ways, you surely realise.”
“Holmes?”
“A name?  Who?  How?  And when?”
The little rat-faced Inspector was already at his desk, surrounded by papers when we rapped upon his door.  He craned his neck over his lamp to assess the intruders on the threshold.
and I can't get it off.  I've been scrubbing for hours.”
“I know.”
– more frequently these three days than at any time the past year.  “Holmes, wait.  What will Mycroft
“His note was to inform me that William Eldritch is out of prison.”
drinkin' in a morgue.”
“What do you mean?” said Sherlock Holmes.
“For once.”
“A little... curl?”
“My god, how I have missed you,” I said earnestly.
you,” I said warningly.
We sat together by the fire, and shared tobacco, and I studied him intently as he fussed with pipe and spill.  I could simply not equate him with the label he'd been given of a
“I believed that I had,” I replied with a frown.  “Holmes, you have worried me now.”
The figure emerged from its prism of shadow.
We reported to Lestrade, where my companion made it clear that he would be in touch directly, once he'd made some small research.  We left the house and took a stroll around the grounds towards the rear.  Holmes leaned against a wall and lit a cigarette.
I nodded, stepped aside to let him bustle past.  The noticeboard now sported a typewritten memorandum, the first line of which read thus:
“You are good with them, though,” I replied.
I felt warmer now myself.
And we smiled at each other, and we could not stop smiling, and in the days that followed, every time we found a humbug, or a penny, or a hairpin, that had escaped our search and strayed beneath the sofa or a rug or sideboard table, then we smiled afresh, anew.  Happy Valentine's, indeed – to friendship!  Yes, to friendship.
“Yes.  I had it out with Gregson, and--”
“Watson, I implore you!”
“I regret to inform you that Mrs. Augusta Burroughs is dead,” Sherlock Holmes replied.  “And it is, in fact, my business, as I was instructed by the family to make enquiries.  It was I who sent the telegram.”
“That is disappointing, but I understand.  Thank you for your time.”
.”  He jerked his head around in agitation, as if in fear that we might yet be overheard.  But our small patch of grass was quiet and isolated; we were safe.  He inhaled deeply.  Then: “I like you,” he said, frowning.
“I am afraid that I did not, Holmes.”
“I feel quite bad about that wager now,” said Stamford.  “It started out as just a lark to pass the time.  I didn't mean for it to turn so bad.  I wrote as much to Holmes, but I suppose he'll never speak to me again.”
attention.”
And perhaps it has been, and perhaps I shall.  It is nice to be a Boswell, and even pleasanter to be an illuminating light.  But one day, I am quite certain, I will murder him.  Just not today, nor, probably, tomorrow.
poor man insane.  This actor would need to possess inner reserves of both courage and stamina.  And he might still go doolally.”
his birthday,” I said, smiling.  “I suppose he has the right.”
In the sitting-room, we watched a game of Bridge play to its end.  (Mycroft was marvellously talented at cards, I had discovered.)  We drank some brandy, just a little.  I think we both were rather putting off what was to come, but in the end, Holmes yawned, peered at his watch.  “And that's me done,” said he.  He bid us all good night.  It broke the dam; most of the guests now trickled off to their own rooms, and I was not among the last of them.  A scant five minutes later, I had joined Holmes in our room, where he was sitting on the bed, smoking a cigarette.
“Yes,” said my friend.  “Merry Christmas.”
“Well, in the first instance, you must stop apologising, or we shall never know the end of it.  And secondly, you really need not feed me sandwiches as if I were a starveling bird.  My appetite is fickle, as you shall come to know in time.”
“Well, how very lovely,” said my friend, moving across to me from his slouch next to the fireplace.  “
I climbed the stairs.
“Do you know why he might do that?”
“What do
“What a lovely day it's been,” he said.  “You will treasure all these memories.”  He settled in his chair, then, lit a cigarette, and beamed at me.
is time.  You're sat here morning, noon and night.  I can't think what you
Pike tapped my friend upon the knee and leaned back in his chair.
“I suppose you could say that, in a manner of speaking.”
“All of this!” I said, and I windmilled my arms.  “It is perfection.  But you would rather be back home in London.”
“Yes, I know.”  And now defeated.  “You wish to marry; have a family.”
,” said Holmes.
He did not give me time to hesitate.  Launching himself upon my arm, we hurtled through the doorway to be greeted by a who-knows-what.
“That makes eleven,” Holmes said, panting.  “Do you think that's good enough?”
“Sherlock, your back is
“I know.  I just saw it this morning and thought you might like it.”
“You want it
Holmes watched him go.  “Mycroft looks smug.  Smugger than usual, I should say.  He must be planning something heinous.”
“But to protect yourself from what?” I asked.
“Yes,” I said – my face rigid with horror as the monologue grew – “I have no doubt that you will, Holmes!  I have no doubt at all!”
“I'd like to... be with you,” he said.  “So I suppose I'd better grit my teeth and play.”
yesterday?”
“Well, John,” said my old friend, “if you could wait a few more minutes then you might walk with Isobel to her Aunt Jessica's.  She has been asked to spend the night there, as my sister has been feeling quite unwell these past few days.”  He shook his head.  “Her heart, we think.  Some solidarity and company, it does the power of good.  I would have walked with Isobel myself, of course, but as you're on your way...?”
“How lovely,” said the fool, his face creased up in an expression that was half bedlamite, half guilty child.
“Oh, I think that I could.”
And I wonder, if I wake him would he allow me a full roust?  For I am hard and I am aching and I have bad dreams to dispel.
I stared at him, horrified.  “I have absolutely no intention of drugging our landlady,” I said.  “Whatever is wrong with you?”
“Three lines from Langdale Pike,” he said.  He raised his eyebrows across the table.  “In
It was a bottle of the finest Rémy Martin.  Holmes looked at me; I looked at him.  We burst out laughing, much to Mycroft's great surprise.
We breakfasted in silence, perhaps each thinking of the day ahead and how we best might fill it.  A long walk to shake the cobwebs, or a visit to the bookshop might be in order.  Mrs. Hudson brought up the papers and set to clear away the dishes, and my friend picked up the morning's
He nestled down once more, reassured, I hoped.
He was looking back behind him, into the house, and then:
“I want to tell you, Holmes,” I said, feeling emboldened of a sudden, “that you are free to speak with me on any subject you so choose.  Nothing is off limits.  You must not think of me as some sad shrinking violet.  I enjoy debate, and am, I think, unshockable.  I would like it quite especially if you discussed your casework with me.”
“You are very welcome.”  I snapped shut my bag and stood up.  “Holmes, if you are still agreeable – let us dine out tonight and take in that new play at the Griswald.  My treat.”
I blinked.  “Mrs. Hudson
Bruce raised his hands up to his face.
I held my hand up, interrupting him.  “It's over, Toby.  I'm so sorry.”
The fellow looked at me again.  His grey eyes scanned me from my head down to my boots.  He seemed to wrestle with a thought, to thrust it down and contemplate a second one.  “Oh, I
to be inside you.”
I was distracted by the sight of Holmes with teapot and a caddy.  This spectacle was new to me.  I was much fascinated.
Lestrade looked at us queerly.
“I presume that was not...?”
“Oh my god, just someone I met, no-one important.
I heard him chuckle softly.  “I am also aware of that fact, my dear fellow.”
“Here, boy!” I said.  “Good boy.”  The puppy whined and launched itself.  I staggered back; a small pup, yes, but with some weight to him!  “It's very kind of you to care for him,” I said to the good lady (Mrs. Briggs, my downstairs neighbour, in case the reader wants to know).
"Um, no we're not-"
"Yeah give me a few minutes, i'll get it now."
"Why? Haven't you asked her?"
“We are joining our surnames?” John asked surprised.
"Oh well that's good. I mean, not good for you b-"
“How do they know how old we are? They are all idiots! Anyway, you look much older.”
"How bout that then Felix?" He murmured, smiling.
"He's not going to be an experiment!"
About you? You are John.
As they got to the very front of the queue Sherlock looked over at John and copied what his friend was doing of climbing into the slide and sitting down. There was a pool assistant to their right who was to cue them when the next riders could go. Sherlock looked over at John and in that split second the assistant cued them and John was gone down the slide, leaving a imprint of his grinning face in Sherlock’s mind.
"Barium."
Sherlock looked over to Felix and Raised his eyebrows.
He came back in with his violin and started to play a soft and beautiful melody by the baby’s cot. The baby looked up at Sherlock in fascination, his little mouth wide open. John relaxed and sat down in his chair listening as well, marveling at Sherlock’s quick thinking.
As they neared the buildings, they realised they needed some sort of plan to get Felix into the school without being seen.
“Sher-lock? Am I saying that right?”
“Hus-”
Handy that ;)
“Stop-”
"What. What?" Sherlock asked frowning, confused at his hilarity.
“What? Sherlock. What?” He said angrily shrugging off his hand.
“Okay, hang on. You don’t know the basics of the solar system and yet why have you memorised the stages of development in a child?”  John asked incredulous.
The street was decked in tiny lanterns which had been strung between all of the lamp posts. Each house had a little orange pumpkin lit outside, every one with a different face carved into it. There were decorations in all the front lawns and there were children milling about everywhere, all in costumes and carrying little bags full of sweets.
"You were right." Sherlock announced clearly, whilst shutting his own eyes.
"Are you trying to suggest the entire royal family? How about Argon?"
"Sherlock! He's a baby! He can't wear a suit!"
Oh. I know him also.
"Tea? Coffee?" He asked with another apprehensive smile.
Clearly I did. They are for expressing an emotion, according to you.
She handed the cup to Sherlock.
"About Felix?"
"Yes Sherlock... I can see, he's a um, well... what is he supposed to be?"
“Do you think he’s handsome Johnny ey?”
“Where are we going?” Sherlock asked, picking up his coat and putting it on.
“It’s not right. Nobody has it as a first name.”
Harry’s discordant singing woke John with a start. He had been in a pleasant enough slumber where in his dream he had found himself as a bear and he was just sitting having a cup of tea with another bear when he had been so rudely awoken. Although thinking about it, the blow was softened by the fact he knew Harry meant well. However, it was his Birthday, a day he detested and he wanted no fuss made and he knew that this was merely the beginning of a whole heap of fuss.
"About a month now. And Sherlock is actually great... Like he sees him as a child prodigy or something... Do you... Do you want to meet him?" He said nervously wringing his hands.
His face went from smiling to shock, his eyes widening and rapidly surveying Sherlock's face for his reaction to his mistake? Or not? John didn't know. They'd not talked about that sort of thing yet. Not really.
Sherlock watched the action intently, admiring the way all the players on their school managed to get the ball off the opposing team. But especially John. John seemed to be one of the best players on the team, and Sherlock was amazed that he hadn't been on the team for long and before long he had scored another goal with the help of Greg. Sherlock cheered and clapped with the rest of the crowd, suddenly understanding why people went to games such as these and why people were often such avid sports fans. Of course he wouldn't find it exciting at all if John wasn't playing in the game.
Perhaps don't drink so excessively next time?
“No, i’m not saying that we do- look i’m just trying to be a better parent.”
"A girl. John, that's my lad, who is she?" For the first time, taking his attention away from the television, and putting it fully onto his son.
They had been chasing a man down the streets of London and John had managed to lose track of Sherlock. He was trying not to panic as he walked back home, knowing that he would be informed of everything later. When he was, he discovered that Sherlock had managed to commandeer a taxi cab, (despite being too young to drive, let alone drive a taxi!) and driven it manically around until he managed to “skillfully” (Sherlock’s description) run the man over, with the skillful part being that it only knocked the man out. This was NOT going to be happening again John thought, as he kept his eye on Sherlock as he moved away.
"Nursery? Is that even a possibility? Do they take that young?"
"You're welcome." She said, laughing at his expression of bewilderment.
Mycroft gave John a nod of acknowledgement and headed for the door. Pausing only for a moment to say one final thing.
Once in the flat John sat down on his chair, with the baby on his lap. Yes, John had a chair, this was because of the simple fact that in the holidays, he also spent the majority of his spare time around at Sherlock’s. Usually trying to stop him murdering himself, or others during his states of boredom. Or helping him track down other such murderers doing the same.
"Come on Sherlock! I doubt I even fall into a 'clever enough' category for that!"
Back at the flat John sunk down into his chair, feeling entirely like he was home again. He shut his eyes briefly, intending to just rest them, but instead fell asleep, and woke suddenly to the sound of Felix burbling away in his baby speak, to presumably Sherlock. John wrenched himself from his comfortable chair which had started to mould itself back to his shape, and went towards the kitchen and the sound.
"Come in" was her muffled reply.
Oh good. waittt how did you know she was murdered by the husband???
"Hi Mum." John replied, pasting a smile on his face and following her inside.
Once he had got to Sherlock, having thrown every obstacle in his way, Sherlock picked him up into a big hug and praised him highly for his, 'excellent initiative.' Whilst Felix smiled and played with Sherlock's curly hair.
The last one was for solving a particularly difficult triple murder and finding each of the bodies.
“John Watson?”
“Sherlock, the baby isn’t an experiment you know."
"Yes. I came to the match."
For the next hour Molly played a little with Felix, as they explained to her any questions she had about him, and then she suddenly thought.
"He will like science. Of course he will like science."
I do not understand.
It all happened so quickly, they barely had time to realise what was happening. As soon as the man disappeared behind a tree they heard three loud gunshots which rang through the air and echoed away. A small figure, although not the man they had been talking to, promptly ran away from the trees.
“Yes, Felix i’m your Daddy, you are correct, do not worry. And this, is your Papa” Pointing to each of them in turn and trying to make it as clear as he could for the undeveloped mind of the infant.
He went in to a strange sight. His sister was lying on the floor on her back in a strange position with her foot by her face. She looked around when she heard John enter.
"Who are you texting?" He asked curiously.
"Couldn't she take him? I mean sh-"
"So I shall call Molly, and you call Mycroft and get him to get us permission somehow to keep Felix in school an-"
sooo... why are you talking to me then??
Halloween was fast approaching and John tried to focus on the upcoming holiday instead of his jumbled melange of feelings which were shooting around his brain.
"It's a club, probably the best in this tiny town." Greg replied whilst the others ran ahead chorally chanting the name repetitively and jumping up and down in anticipation, masculine energy radiating from them.
He looked down at the gift in his hands and it suddenly seemed so pointless, so irrelevant to him. Why would John ever want this gift? As when he had planned to give it, it was truly to try to show John how good he could be at parenting, but John didn't care anyway. Silly, sentimental gift. He chucked the box into the corner where it made a dull clang as it hit the wall. "An-I-com-an-find-you-an-you-don-care-anymore." Sherlock finished, his face creasing into a sad realisation, and with this he crumpled onto the sofa again, and curled himself back into the corner. Not crying, but breathing heavily with his eyes wide open and staring into space as he hugged his knees.
The baby smiled up at John, who covered his face and then moved his hands away quickly, playing peek-a-boo. The baby loved this and gurgled and clapped his hands, so John did it again, with the same reaction. Sherlock stopped pacing and looked over.
After about half an hour of running, Greg came back to the 100 metre part of the track and started to approach John who had just finished running again. He called over to him as he did so.
"He's my son. Now I really must find Molly."
“This is something different. A man, has left us... well in charge of a child.” Sherlock looked around at John holding the baby. “Yes Mycroft. A CHILD. Yes we have him here.... He’s... 4 months old... Dark hair... Slightly wavy... Blue eyes...No i’m not describing myself... Yes, he does look like me... No Mycroft, i’ve not cloned myself!.... No we did not take him! We were given him!... In a park... Yes, a man... He was Secret Service... fine... yes... no. We will be at the flat.” He hung up and put away his phone, and then got out his keys as they approached the flat door.
John hadn't expected the kiss, one minute he was just trying to focus on what she was saying and then the next, she had leant in and was kissing him. It wasn't his first kiss, he had kissed girls before, but this somehow felt wrong, completely wrong, and all he could think of was how Sherlock's face lit up when he played with Felix. That was the sole thought in his mind until he looked up. And there he was. Sherlock standing there. At first he thought he was imagining it, but the more he looked, even in his drunken stupor he realised that he was really there. Really standing over there in front of him. He didn't have any idea why he was there but nonetheless, John suddenly wanted to get away from this girl, to go to Sherlock.
There was a pause before.
I walked towards the dorm room, hoping to find a nice and neat room perhaps Sherlock would have put away those papers I had asked him to yesterday, maybe there wouldn't be dirty mugs on every available surface, perhaps I was about to walk into a room where perchance nothing was going wrong for a change. But, as I put my key into the door, I heard the muffled sounds of Felix's excited burbling from inside and knew immediately that this probably wasn't going to be the case. Especially as Sherlock and I had had a... dispute let's call it, (even though it was mainly just me shouting at him) earlier that morning,
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Tell me."
It being June, the weather warm, the train was stifling, but still, I sat quite cheerfully between an elder vicar and a dowager; the latter fair intent on emptying her Gladstone bag in search of something that she could not find: her spectacles or notebook, who was to say?  But she was tutting all the same, as if her fellow travellers were all to blame for her misfortune.  At our final destination, we stepped down.  The sun was blazing now.  I gathered up my bags and met the carriage that would take me to the house.  I was not the only guest to travel by the train: the dowager was heaving her round frame up on the plate into a seat, just as I strapped my paltry luggage to the rack.
He gasped and wriggled; seemed not to know what he might do with all his limbs.
We scrambled up, surveyed the damage.  The bed's far leg had sheared away from its main fixing, and it was quite beyond repair.
“Because it gives you a large appetite?”
“You broke your what?”
“Like who else?  I will not, I assure you.  You are stuck with me now.”
The politesse, after debauch.
“Mrs. Barker,” said he, “I found something curious while I was inspecting your master's bedroom.  Do you have any idea as to where the jasper skull might be now?  It has disappeared from its shelf.”
“I have absolutely no intention of living to one hundred and eighty,” I informed him.
I would scold him but half-heartedly, for I could tell he bore no malice but a general disinterest.  If the world were filled with men and men alone, that would well please him.  He was a solitary creature though; I saw no chink between his plated armour.  I might tap away a little at it, hoping to reach flesh some day.  I'd seize the golden opportunity!
“No sir, I already told you, I do not.”
“And what?”
, Watson, or have you not been paying any attention at all?”
“My god,” I hissed, “you're beautiful.”
“You appal me.”
“I am not going to make a fuss,” said he.  “I am going to wash my hair.  My ears still itch and I smell of flowers.”
“That much
, Holmes, I --”
He harrumphed.
Holmes leapt up and came towards me.  He set himself, a scant few inches left between us.  His scowl intensified.
, no doubt.”
“But...” I stopped.  “Unusual?”
, and
“I see,” he said.  “Well, what you have told me is very interesting.  I suppose that we might use some help.  Three heads are better than one, after all.  I shall tell you what happened.  According to the housekeeper – who, by the way, has been in Mr. Talmadge's employ for twenty-five years – according to her, her master had been working in his study all the evening.  At around nine o'clock, she heard him descend to the ground floor and open up the front door.  Apparently, there was a visitor, although she did not hear the bell ring.  Some minutes later, the study door on the top landing closed once more, and the housekeeper thought no more about it.  At ten o'clock, the lady said she thought it strange that Talmadge had not rung down for his cocoa, and so she went up to investigate.  The study door was locked, with a lamp light shining through underneath.  She had a spare key, of course, and after tapping for a minute with no reply, she decided to let herself in.  You can imagine what she found, Mr. Holmes: Talmadge's body on the floor here, with half a dozen knife wounds to his chest.  The poor woman screamed and ran for help, and now here we are.  But here is the strange thing, Mr. Holmes.  The door was locked from the inside and this window wide open.  The murderer must have used the window as his escape route.  But have you seen the distance to the ground?  The fellow must have been an acrobat!”
“Perhaps he does?”
The reading kept him busy for ten minutes, after which he became pensive and retired to his bedroom.  From within I detected the sound of dresser drawers opening, closing, a faint metal clatter.  I wondered what was happening.  I supposed that I should know before too long.
Victor joined us where we stood.
“You are a little everything.”  Holmes kissed the top of my head.  “Except in one critical area.”
Holmes settled back into his chair.  He set his whisky glass beside him, and he steepled his long fingers to a point beneath his chin.
“You will have many fond admirers,” I continued as I warmed to my theme.  “They will have read my Strand reports, and they will know everything about you.”
” he exclaimed at last, happily thrusting out a finger to a page I could not see.
“A game?”  I stared at him.  “Of cards?”
“I have already said everything that I know,” she said, sniffing.  “I am far too upset to be talking to anyone.”
“It is too late now.  Besides, he is probably already quite out of his depth and positively
“It has the potential to be such a beautiful home,” I said softly.  “It is such a terrible pity.”
“Thank you, I'd rather stand.”
“I consult with Scotland Yard,” said he.  “I am, in fact, the only consulting detective in the world.”  He paused to puff his chest.  He beamed.  “You would know my name, of course, but you have been abroad, so I forgive you.”
you.  Your reputation is impressive.  I suppose I should be thankful that it is into your hands my brother's fallen.”
My carriage stopped at Upper Wimpole Street.  I sat inside, not moving, for a minute, maybe more.  Here was my home; here was my practice, where I worked and made a living as a doctor.  I had calls to make, and things to do, and life to carry on.
I sighed and lit a cigarette.  There was a bother in my brain which I was studiously avoiding, but which kept chasing me regardless.  A cool wind turned and nipped me, and I rose, continued walking.  In my lonely mood I visited a restaurant for luncheon, seeking out a corner table.  I was glad to be alone and yet resentful of the fact; what should be done with me?  I ordered a half-bottle of white wine, and soup, a main dish made with pumpkin, and I borrowed a newspaper from the rack to read.
I had no idea what that meant.  It seemed the strangest observation.  I became fascinated by Holmes's hands, his fingers twisting his cloth napkin into some abstract, knotted mangle.  I wanted to take one of those hands in mine.  Desired to hold it, feel its warmth, caress the tip of every finger with my tongue.
I threw down the shirt, stood up, rushed to the door.  I hoped that I might ease through to the sitting-room without alarm, but to my extreme embarrassment Holmes was but three steps away.
I rolled over and against him, threaded my fingers in his waistcoat.  He smelled of pollen and of pickles, quite the heady combination.  I brushed the yellow flecks away.
“No, the violin.”
“The countryside is full of crackpots,” said Gregson, in a confidential tone.  “But they are harmless for the most part.  That old woman in black I have been told of, ha ha!  Those nosey old country biddies, they'd stop and gawp at a pig dancing in swill.  Nothing better to do with their time, see.”
“Now listen here, Watson,” said Holmes.  He removed from his pocket the tan-leather address book.  “While I talk with the housekeeper, do you think you could take this back up to the study?  It belongs in the upper-right desk drawer.  There were only four addresses inside it.  Four!  That may be better suited for our purposes, but it says little for Mr. Talmadge's social life.”
- END -
“What are these
“What in blazes do you mean, and what have you done?”  I edged into the room, now cautious for the booby-trap.  “What was the smash?”
I stood close by the desk while he rearranged his test tubes into racks.  His hair was fully dry now, if a little ruffed and wild.  I stroked it gently.  He leaned into the touch and rubbed his head against my palm.
“It is late, Holmes.  You must be cramped.  You should have woken me before.”
I took his hand, fair brazen from the freedom and the solitude we had found ourselves within.  I squeezed it, twice.  A silent code.
I read on, to quiet approval from my audience.  All was proceeding very nicely, until I reached the midway mark.  To my vast horror, I then realised that parts had been papered over and rewritten; another's hand.
“No more teasing, John.  I'm ready now, I think,” he said.
“It is almost six o'clock.”
“Ah,” I said, “you think that the skull may have been stolen to be sold by this fellow?  Do you believe that may have been the true motive – or was it an opportune theft?”
Gregson looked at me.  He looked at Holmes.  He burst then into laughter.
And then, to knead my prick again, becoming more insistent, drawing a small whimper from my lips.
The library had a yield of four.  By now, the teams had drifted back inside to spread around the lower floor.  I suggested to my friend that we might venture up the stairs.  “Perhaps the attic,” I said, hopefully.
I made plans.
“All right.”  I squinted in the sunlight, and inhaled.  “You look delicious.”
“John, don't be maudlin,” said he with a sniff.  “You had best hope that one doesn't tip out on the mud, otherwise you'll be hooting.”
“I know.”  He tweaked me.
that you keep picking up?” I enquired, feeling by now somewhat frustrated.  “Do they have any bearing on what might have occurred?”
“She would strangle me, John.”
“It is all right,” replied Holmes.  “Just explain what you can.  And it need not be now.  You look as if you could do with a brandy, or a good meal, or both.”
I watched him as he gambolled off in search of Mr. Dooley.  I passed back through to the hall, with the intent to find my room and change my jacket, wash my hands, and comb my hair.
I followed my friend back out into Pall Mall.  My head was full of Mycroft, and the strangeness of the day.  We took another cab and were at Baker Street quite shortly.  I could not settle.  I scratched around for my pipe and tobacco, I paced the room and puffed great smoke clouds at the ceiling.  Holmes observed my quandary for several minutes.  At last he could bear it no longer and drew me down level by his side on the sofa.
He smiled.
“--Oh, well, never mind,” said my odd visitor, stuffing the gloves away.  He peered around my neat consulting room.  “So this is where you live.”
“Why, Ramsey, the MP, you know, he's been found dead.”
Victor poured us our drinks.  Sipping his own and taking a seat by the scuttle, he nodded.
“Very well.”  I felt glum that Holmes had not made very much of my drainpipe discovery.  It surely proved, at least, that someone had climbed down it – and most recently.  However, I supposed I should allow Holmes his own musings, and so I made my way back home.
A curiously intimate performance, and my fingers felt quite numb as I secured the pin upon my friend's cravat.  With his looking one way and I yet the other, I felt unaccountably shy.
“My throat is parched.  Watson, could you...?”
I took the stairs two at a time.  The door was open at the top, and Sherlock Holmes was standing there, smart as you like, polished and primed.
“He has no income and is quite desperate,” the dandy continued.  “I suppose his silence could be bought if you yourselves wished to pay the price.”
My friend appeared unsure as whether to puff his chest or frown.
“I like my shanties,” said Mr. Oaks, a half-smile twisting up his face.  “Aye, them were good years on the ship.  I learned to cook and do some housekeep.  It's served me well in later years.”
“So might we go through now?” enquired Mr. Simeon Dickens, an amiable fellow.  “We have been so looking forward.”
“Who was the lady I came in with?” I enquired.  “Elderly, in the black dress?”
“Oh, who cares,” said my friend.  “Most likely with his feet up on his desk at Scotland Yard.”
“It?” I said.  “What is 'it'?  Spencer, do you mean?  What has Mycroft done?”
Holmes retrieved his cigarette and flicked the ash onto the rug.  “I was evicted,” he said finally.
“All right.”
Holmes sat back and arched his fingers to his lips.  “What do you know?” he said.
He shook his head again, and laughed.  I joined the laughter, and we both rolled in our chairs at this small comicry, until at last we paused and stared each other over, solemnly.
And I nestle in, the closest I might dare, and I resume my gentle pet.
“Toby,” I said quietly, “you must believe me, when I say a thing is over, then it's over, and you
“Can we be of any help?” I was persistent.  Holmes was here now and was leaning by the lintel, watching, arms folded to his chest.  The housekeeper squinted up at him.
My friend lit his pipe.  He leaned back fully in his chair and scrutinised me as an eagle might its prey.
“Unless we're both hallucinating, it seems we are already doing so?”  Holmes motioned to the table by the window.  We sat, facing the other, and my friend steepled his fingers, and my nerves jittered and jangled as he eyed me up and down.  “I've not the energy to shout,” said he.  “I was breaking things all night.”  He gestured then to a small sweeping-brush and sack, where shards of pottery and glass were poking out.  I flinched to see it, but it spurred me on to words.  I spoke for several minutes, then.  I told my side as plainly and as simply as I could, and when the words ran out I stopped, and felt around, as if I'd made it to a final destination, now in new terrain and lost without direction.
