Sam goggles at him.  “Uh, listen Pretty Eyes, I know you’re a bit drunk and all, so I feel the need to point out that you just gave me like a $30 tip.”
Castiel monitored the night sounds around them, listening intently to the shuffling noises of creatures moving in the dark as the rise and fall of Dean’s chest beneath his hand became slow and rhythmic.  After what was at least a half hour of undisturbed quiet, Castiel was surprised to hear the rasp of Dean’s voice again.
“Sam, you sneaky little shit—not you Sam, bartender Sam,” Dean says as he covers the mouthpiece, as if that explains
Dean threads his left hand up the leg of his boxers and catches some of the excess lube and precome dripping down his length; without stopping to question why he’s doing it, Dean uses the flat of his thumb to press up hard on that stretch of skin behind his balls and then circles his middle finger around his entrance for just a moment before he pushes just the tip inside.  He lets out a strangled gasp and his hips leave the bed, head thunking back against the wall.  Tightening his strokes, Dean pictures pressing the point of his tongue into Cas’s tight furl of muscle and he only has to slide his finger in and out twice more before everything seizes and a white-hot sunburst blows behind his eyelids.  His orgasm goes on for far longer than he would have imagined possible.  When the twitch and jerk of his hips finally stops, he looks down ruefully at the splashes of come across his boxers as well as his stomach.  Damn it, he’s going to have to get up and do laundry right away, because that’s usually Sam’s ‘assigned’ chore, and he really doesn’t want to have to explain to his adult brother why he came all over his underwear like a fucking teenager.
About five minutes into the fifteen minute journey back to the motel, Dean starts swearing.  Loudly.  Unfortunately, said swearing is directed at the one person who really had not a hot damn thing to do with the way the evening unfolded.
“Jesus, Cas!  Warn a guy,” he hiccupped, and then cried, “fuck!” when the angel let it drop from his lips, shiny with spit.
dick, obviously,” insert signature cocky smirk, “but I’ve, uh, recently come to the conclusion that I also enjoy dick.  Mostly Cas’s,” smirk increases tenfold, “but that was the most recent part of the discovery and—”
So what the fuck does he go for?  Who the hell is he supposed to be if he’s trying to appeal to guys?  Standing in a motel bathroom in his boxers, pulling his hair in frustration is definitely not what he wanted out of this evening.
When the hunter stared resolutely into the trees, clearly trying to ignore both the angel and his own unexpectedly-restless fingers, Castiel raised a hand and placed it on Dean’s chin so that he could turn the hunter to look him in the eye.
He says it as he arches backward at an angle that frankly no human should be able to accomplish, putting his head on Dean’s shoulder and thrusting his hips high into the air.
He hadn’t lied to Dean when he’d told that man that he’d grown up in a place and time that didn’t look too kindly on two men feeling the way they did about each other, but after what Benny had gone through, he more or less promised himself to be the last person to deny someone the comfort of being with a person they loved.  And that’s what he saw in these two, whether they saw it or not, whether they admitted it or not.  So when the two of them found some lame reason to send him farther and farther away on his nightly patrols – as if he couldn’t smell the hormones comin’ off the two of them for at least a hundred yards – the vampire just sighed and shrugged and tried not to complain too much.  He reminded himself how he’d been when he’d first met Andrea and just grumbled to himself somewhere they couldn’t hear him and waited for them to call him back again.
“Finally made it back from wherever angels go when they come, huh?” he chortled.  “Thought I’d lost you there for a minute.”
“No?” Benny responded easily.  “I’ve heard you rather enjoy dancing every time your hunter here snaps his fingers.”
Also, in case you hadn't noticed, I've created this as Part 1 of a series called Subtextual Relations.  If you are one of the decent number of people (YAY) who said that they wanted to see more built on this story and a possible spin-off with SB Sam, I highly recommend that you subscribe either to the series or to me as an author so that you get a notification the next time I post something.  Thank you so much for all your support!
.  Every time the hunter twitched in his sleep, the angel’s voice became a little louder, a little more desperate in his prayer.  The angel would pause in his recitations just long enough to press a hand to the hunter’s head, healing whatever ailed the man and unmistakably draining himself a little more each time he did.  As jaded as Benny was towards “Hot Wings”, he couldn’t help but feel a pull in his heart at the sight of it.
But sleep didn’t seem to want to come that night.  The shakes had taken over his muscles, his head was pounding, and he couldn’t seem to stop his mind from racing.  Frustrated, he curled up a little more and pulled his jacket tighter around him, but it just didn’t seem to do any good.  With a grimace, Dean noticed that his hands were trembling uncontrollably now and his stomach had started to heave.  Nearly ready to sit up and try shaking out his hands in frustration, Dean froze when he saw Cas glance at his shuddering form and get up with a resigned sigh.
Every ounce of Dean’s self-control funneled into willing his legs to move him across the room without stumbling.  His breath caught in his chest, banging against his ribs like there was a bird in there trying to escape.  If his eyes had been tired before, they’d forgotten their fatigue in exchange for a laser-keen focus as Dean scanned the spaces between rain drops just outside the window where he’d been
A bit shaken – had he gained a reputation amongst the monsters in his search for Cas? – Dean slammed him against the bark again and spat out, “Where’s the angel?!”
“Still an abuse of p-ah!-power,” Dean gulps out, trying not to whimper at the unfamiliar sensation of the head of Cas’s cock dragging against his rim as Cas pulls almost all the way out and then slides back in again.
Cas quirks a brow but doesn’t stop sucking, his tongue curling up against the little ridge at the head of Dean’s cock.
Cas snaps his head up and locks eyes with Dean, his hands circling Dean’s rib cage.  “And I intend to again.”  When Dean’s chest inflates like a bellows, the angel leans in and enunciates,
, the second – he left justifiable protests back outside of Omaha when he dry-humped his baby’s back seat during mental butt sex with his angelic BFF.   The thing is, it hadn’t been just screwing with him that got Dean off; both the idea and the mental picture of
“ S’nice,” he mumbled.  “Having you here like this.  Feels nice.  Comfortable.  Like you’re supposed to fit.”
“Look, I get it.  I do,” he said with a heavy sigh.  “I was raised in a society that don’t look too kindly on two men feeling that way about each other—”
“Okay, I’ve got to admit, I’m going to go ahead and fully endorse your shameless cheating because this feels ….”
“Are you sure you’re all right?  I did try healing you already, just in case there was something actually wrong, but you seemed fine.  Just … unresponsive.”
“And you don’t see how that’s worse?  You knew I was out there doing nothing but killing and praying and trying to get to you, and you just left me to the wolves.  Thank fuck Benny came along because it’s the only way I could rest enough not to fucking die, and we took apart Purgatory piece by piece to find you … and it’s like that means nothing to you because all you want to do is give up.  How do you expect me to feel about that, Cas?  You say you did this to keep me from getting hurt?  Well, how the fuck do you think you did on that one?”
be.  But it wasn’t anymore.  The closer he’d gotten to the Winchesters – the more he hunted with them, commiserated with them, lived with them,
FYI - from here on out, I'll be posting on a Monday-Wednesday-Friday schedule, in case you want to plan to keep up :)
This was getting him nowhere.  He’d been getting nowhere for nearly two months now.  As good a tracker as Dean was, trying to stalk a supernatural being in a land full of supernatural beings was like trying to follow a bread crumb trail in a world-sized bakery.  Every potential trail turned out to be just another piece of another trail or a trail to the wrong thing.
Benny didn’t exactly regret telling his friend to think about knobbing the angel but the change in dynamic wasn’t exactly what the vampire had intended.  Lord knows it was a much calmer atmosphere since Dean had started giving it to the angel nightly, but Benny now felt like an unwanted houseguest crashing on newlyweds.  Every time the three of them had a break in combat long enough for some rest, Benny had a guaranteed thinly-veiled exile unless he wanted an eyeful.  The first time it happened had been enough; he didn’t need a second helping.
“First you fucking ditch me in the middle of the night and high-tail away as if your ass is on fire, and now that I’ve actually found you, you suggest leaving at every God-damned opportunity and act like you’re going to bolt the second I take my eyes off you.  I want some fucking answers.”
The first time it happens, it’s a genuine accident.  Dean takes the opportunity of Sam’s extended trip to the library due to shitty Wi-Fi at their hole-in-the-wall motel as an excuse for a little personal “hand-to-hand combat”.  His mind wanders in a completely random, not-at-all-planned direction by sheer happenstance; he’d swear to it on a stack of bibles.  He doesn’t
“He damn well better be.”  The younger man’s lips turn up at the end.  “He’s snagging my lay and I’m going home to my cat, so he better be fucking amazing.”
“I will decide what you get, Dean, because I know what you need,” Cas growls.  “And now I know exactly where to start.”
Lowering his brow, Castiel growled in response.  “I am an angel, not an errand boy; especially not for a walking abomination such as you.”
Castiel was surprised to find that his vessel’s heart seemed to stop within his chest.  His fingers couldn’t seem to find satisfactory purchase on anything, tangling in the cuffs of his trench coat as he listened to Dean’s voice trail away with an ever-softening tinkle of chords.  When the guitar’s melody finally died into the night, quiet but for the chirping of crickets in the field across the road, Dean finally allowed his gaze to trail slowly up from the ground to Castiel’s face.
Dean gives him a long, lazy, look-down-check-out then focuses it on his face.  “What was it you were saying earlier about lap dances?”
Dean stalked around the clearing, running a circle opposite to Benny’s, using the hand not gripping his weapon to card through his hair.  Every now and then, the panic boiled high enough to have him grip the short, dirty-blonde strands in punishing grip, stopping his restless circling long enough to let out a frustrated grunt.  There weren’t many things that could rattle Dean hard enough that he couldn’t either bury them or burn through them, but whatever the hell this was going on with Cas … it was more than enough to say he was sufficiently rattled.
After a moment’s hesitation and a quiver of fear at the intensity in Dean’s eyes, the creature managed to choke out, “There’s a stream …”
Every inch of his body took it in turns to ache and tingle with excitement.  Castiel couldn’t even be certain of his ability to process all of the sensations tumbling across his nerves, but Dean’s response encouraged him so much that he tried again, this time with much more confidence, sliding the entire flat of his hand along the denim-covered bulge.  Dean’s hips jerked against Castiel’s forearm, and the hunter released the angel’s hand to dart back and clasp a firm grip on the round of Castiel’s buttock.  A languid roll of Dean’s hips, bringing him alternately forward against the hand at Dean’s front and then back to grind against Castiel’s erection pressed into Dean’s rear, had the angel letting loose a noise he wouldn’t have recognized as his own had he not felt it scrape its way out of his throat.
The hunter slowly drew his hands from Castiel’s clothes and the angel fought a sigh.  It seemed that Dean’s fear and insecurity would bury his heart once again, much to Castiel’s chagrin.  So the angel raised an eyebrow again when Dean lifted his hands in front of the seraph’s face.
Not for the first time – nor, he suspected, the last – Benny felt a pull of envy at the intense and thoughtful look the hunter focused in the direction of the retreating angel.  The vampire himself hadn’t been the subject of a gaze like that in decades and seeing it again here in this wasteland made him even more determined to get home and revenge his loss.
“I’m fine, Sammy,” Dean responds, pleased at the fact that his voice sounds at least somewhat normal.  “What, you think I can’t handle a freaking shower without a chaperone?”
"For starters, that 'sugar' and 'honey' and 'butter wouldn't melt on my tongue' twangy Southern charm is a very well-crafted tool to get tips and I'll hand it to you, it works.  But you dropped it like a hot rock when you saw how nervous I was, so it's something you only use on easy marks who'll pull out a few extra bills as soon as you bat your lashes at them."
“He values someone other than you and that just gets at you like an itch you can’t scratch.  You have just gotten so accustomed to having no one but you and his brother actually matter to him that it completely burns your biscuits that he gives a damn what I think.  Doesn’t it?”
“Dean,” Castiel gasped, turning his face downward so that the corners of their lips brushed when he spoke.  “Dean, I want—I want to please you.  Tell me what to do ….”
Sometimes, Dean just wanted to punch Cas in his entirely-too-pretty-for-a-million-year-old-virgin face.  The fact that after all this time, practically an entire fucking year, that winged son of a bitch still thought he would leave him behind.  Maybe it shouldn’t make Dean mad that Cas was trying to release him from guilt if things went sour, but damn it, he was mad and he had every right to be.  After all the shit they’d been through even before they crashed in Monster Land, Cas still thought he didn’t fucking matter enough to Dean to find a way to save him?  And after everything that happened
This time it isn’t little jabs that push just the tip of Cas’s tongue into Dean’s body.  The whole of Cas’s tongue pushes in and the pressure is uncomfortable and then unbelievable and then unholy good and Dean’s hips start rocking back against Cas’s face.  It seems like barely any time at all before the tongue becomes a finger.  Pressure turns into a stinging burn, only that feels good too and Dean’s fingers scrabble for purchase on the cheap wallpaper but find nothing to hold on to.  His nails dig into his palms when one finger becomes two.  Every breath punches out of him on a tiny moan and he’s standing on his toes, angling his hips and pushing back onto the fingers as they slide into him.  Cas leans forward and sucks at the skin on the back of his testicles as he crooks his fingers in just the right way and Dean howls.  Every nerve ending in his body feels raw when Cas’s fingers pull over that place again.  He’s spreading his legs further to try to get Cas’s fingers deeper inside, to get them to push over what must be his prostate, and he’s not coming yet but, Jesus, he’s not sure it could possibly feel better than this.  Cas manages to get a third finger inside but Dean shakes his head, his voice filled with equal parts pleasure and panic when he gets words out.
feel that way about him.  I don’t know.  But the most ridiculous part about it is that anyone with eyes can see it, from
Without stopping or even slowing his thrusts, Cas reaches underneath Dean and pushes two fingers back against his body, but this time it’s just beneath his testicles, and Dean lets out a burst of noise as he gets a sudden shock of pleasure.  Cas is nowhere near his prostate, so how—?
Castiel brought their foreheads together again.  “I cannot stay,” he whispered.  “I have things I must do.”
"Well, hey, you deconstructed me, I think it's time for me to return the favor.  Tell you what you 'scream'."
Some marvelous twist of fate while rocking his hips allows the finger he’s got inside him to brush up against his prostate.  Dean’s legs almost go out from under him with the jolt of pleasure, but he manages to press down hard.  He can’t keep still, his muscles are twitching and jerking, and he’s all over the bed.
He swiped his filthy hands against his even filthier clothes, long since having let go of the disdain for the thick layer of grime that had coated him since he arrived here. Dirt and blood and a sticky film of black ooze splotched across Castiel's bedraggled coat and hospital scrubs, a patchwork story of the creatures who had died by his hands since touching down in this wretched place. Although he technically didn't need to sleep, the few quiet hours that he could steal while the night gloom hung in the sky gave him some respite. He dreaded those minutes, though, knowing that the absence of combat would leave him receptive to the persistent hum of Dean's voice in the back of his head.
It had all been so uncomplicated, back when Castiel’s garrison had first been charged with raising Dean Winchester from Hell.  Not that he had thought that the act itself would be
bedroom.  The bunker’s even empty for the night because Sam fucked off to some jumped-up microbrewery a few towns over for some sort of pretentious trivia contest where nerds congratulate other nerds on knowing shit that’s no use to anybody.
A/N - So as you can see, I really adored my OMC, Sam.  He has a whole back story that formed itself in my head like a bolt of lightning and while it doesn't belong/fit in this story, I really hope I can find another usage for him in a future work, because I really came to adore this character (and as you'll see, I think Dean does too).
“I agreed to come after you simply because he refused to leave without you,” Benny jerked his thumb towards the hunter.  “Seemed to think you were
Cas turns Dean back over to look him in the face.  “Not in the manner of a compulsion, Dean, just….”  He trails off, searching for words, then regroups.  “You had spent so long under torment and your soul was so ravaged and warped by torture, that you were half-mad with grief and anger.  I imprinted your skin with my Grace so that you would feel its goodness, recognize me as an ally.  So you would know that I was there to bring you into the light.”
Dean moans unconsciously as the wetness moves in a stripe from just behind his balls all the way up to the top of his cheeks.
“Aw, damn it!” Dean growls against Cas’s ear.  “I forgot about—“ he pulls at the bonds he forgot were there in an aborted gesture towards his bag.  “Condoms, lube.  We’re going to need them to—”
“So,” Sam says, leaning into Dean’s space far enough that his breath puffs against Dean’s nose, “what do you say, Trouble?”
“In order to subdue you, I cradled you to my chest,” Cas demonstrates by flipping Dean away from him, wrapping his right arm across Dean’s chest, and clutching at his left shoulder, “and pulled you up with me.  As a result, I had to use some of my Grace to … bind you to me, I suppose you would say.”
“And, uh, that guy?” Dean asks, gesturing as nonchalantly as possible to the guy dressed in rainbow leggings so tight you can actually see the outline of the dude’s junk, a glittery top, a hoodie with a horse tail attached, and bright red lipstick.
“Jesus H. Christ,” Dean punches out, trying to push away the fear that seems second nature when he thinks that L word.  He focuses on accentuating the bump of Cas’s hips against his ass with each word.
Startlingly fast, an image pops up behind his eyes.  He sees the backseat of the Impala; not surprising, since his baby happened to be pretty much his favorite place on Earth, and it wouldn’t be the first time he’s had sex in the backseat.  Hell, it wouldn’t even be the first time it happened
than those jack asses who’ve spent eons condemning and killing people for their faith – or lack thereof – in arbitrary virtues and then have the nerve to call me a monster.  Imagine my surprise.”
meant to stay behind.  Benny watched, stunned and just a bit heartsick, as the angel kissed his lover goodbye.
PS - If you've seen the indie film Ten Inch Hero, you'll notice that I channeled a bit of Jensen Ackles's character, Priestly, in Dean's opening 'monologue'.  I feel it's appropriate.  If you haven't seen Ten Inch Hero, go rectify that immediately.  Seriously, you won't regret it.
Only when the hunter’s arm jerked in its aborted path, held back in Castiel’s tight grip, did Dean visibly jar out of his trance and absorb the situation in front of him.  Dean glanced from Lenore in front of him, cowering with her twitching hands still raised defensively in front of her, back over his shoulder to where Castiel regarded him with a furrowed brow and saddened gaze.
Dean does it, guffawing the whole way.  Strangely, the entire exchange made him feel a hell of a lot closer to comfortable.
Dean’s green-eyed gaze searched the angel’s face as breath seemed to return to Castiel in a rush.  His friend’s expression, naked with anxiousness and a twinge of fear, touched at something in the angel’s chest that ached and he found himself propelled so far forward that Castiel could practically feel the vibrations from the strings as the hum died away.
It wasn’t anger, Dean knew, but sorrow and shame that caused his friend’s resolve to break, caused the angel to drop his gaze to the ground and mumble, “I was trying to protect you.”
Yeah, maybe Dean had always known that their ‘bond’ was about seventeen shades of screwed up, but Cas was his best friend.  Whatever meat suit Cas was in, Dean knew that their relationship would probably be just as awkward-slash-powerful as it was now.  Though, thank God that Cas wasn’t still riding around in Jimmy’s daughter, Claire; that would make his current crisis about 1000% more confusing and uncomfortable.
the angel,” Benny repeated.  “Well, mission accomplished, chief.  But it doesn’t seem like your little feathered friend here is interested in hopping on the gravy train out of Monster Land, and seeing as how all he’s doing by tagging along is painting a bull’s-eye on our backs, I say—”
Maybe it made him a coward, but Dean couldn’t bring himself to ask Cas straight out whether he wanted this to continue once they got back to Earth.  Whether Cas wanted to be with him once they were removed from the cloaking effects of Purgatory.  Cas was quiet so long it nearly made Dean sick with worry, especially since the angel wouldn’t meet his eyes.
Castiel looked confused at the mention of the 1950s rockabilly singer, but Dean didn’t bother to explain, knowing the angel wouldn’t get it anyway.
Dean knew his voice betrayed a bit of embarrassment, a little nervous twitch of fear that Cas would judge him somehow, as if it would undermine Dean’s image to do something so … creative.
Dean just lies still on the bed, too drained and shocked to even let go of his deflating erection.  He supposes that answers his question about whether or not he’d be able to think about Cas “that way”.  As he blinks and stares at the ceiling, contemplating the bristling thrill at the back of his mind, he gets the feeling that maybe Cas has been forced into a revelation today, too, if that wild, bewildered exhilaration is anything to go by.
since he was about eleven, especially not sex.  Hell, he practically waved a flag with a condom on it every time he thought about sex.  Dean scrubbed a hand through his hair and tried to will the redness from his cheeks.  He wasn’t blushing because it was sex, he was blushing because it was sex with just about the last person on the planet he’d ever expected to have sex with.  Sure, pretty much everybody and their brother – even Cas’s brothers – had joked about it but ….  That actually made him wonder if any of the people that poked fun at him and Cas over the years about their ‘profound bound’ had actually, well,
But Dean's arm is around him, his head bent in towards Castiel's, and his nose is in Castiel's hair. He's still asleep. He doesn't seem to mind.
Dean scrambles off Baby's side fast enough that he gives her an apologetic pat. By the time his feet hit the ground, Cas is already rounding her fender and backing Dean towards the door.
"But you did." Sam is obviously talking to Cas, and he’s working up a good head of steam. "Why wouldn't you tell us?!"
"What class did you decide to take for spring semester?" Cas asks, oh-so-innocently, with his head turned back to his essays. He squints at one of them, bringing it closer to his nose. "Hm. I'm not sure about this analysis."
But when he looks up, Sam's not smiling anymore. He's bent forward over the manuscript and gone white around the edges, a flash of ugly, hectic color at his cheeks. Cas, reading over his shoulder, doesn't look amused either.
First, Dean’s angry: why do scumbags get the pass but not the people Dean cares about? And then it’s back to that blank, numb feeling that he alternates between desperately wanting to escape from, and wanting to dive into and never get out of.
Crowley rocks forward onto his toes, the smirk curving up the edges of his lips. "It won't work on Lucifer, you know, pretties. Got to drop a much bigger house on that Wicked to make that work."
With every fiber of his being, Dean does not want to hit the turn signal that would pull them out of the hotel lot and down the road to a cheaper motel for the night. He doesn't want to stop; hell, he's considering letting Cas behind the wheel to keep going. But he also knows that if they catch up too quick it's the end of this game.
"Des Moines," Cas says after a few seconds waiting for the phone app to load. "But heading in that general direction."
Dean realizes it’s been weeks since he's had his hand on Cas's bare cock, and that's just a crime. He debates, briefly and hazily (Cas is pressing his full palm into Dean's cock and that's distracting as fuck) about whether he should stick his hand down the top of Cas's boxer shorts, or just slide into the opening in the front. He could just pop that dick out and get his hands on it, framing it with Cas's open pants. The image is searingly hot in his mind.
Dean sighs. "Yeah. After we bring him breakfast, we should... uh." He looks up, realizing something. "Cas, pretty sure we ain't got any syrup." Not that he means to sound ungrateful, because hell, homemade pancakes!
Jimmy was still sobbing—Dean’s never heard a man sob like that, like it’s tearing him up deep inside—when he hung up.
"Done," Cas says, tilting his chin just far enough to meet Dean's eyes. His lips quiver, just once, in a little smile before they straighten out again.
Speaking of, there's a knock at the door. Someone's early. Maybe Sam actually convinced Bobby to come along? Spending Thanksgiving at the salvage yard was, well… it was less terrifying than the Novak pre-Thanksgiving party insanity that they threw when Bobby won the coin toss to have them over for the holiday itself. But it was also just sorta nice, and Dean wouldn’t mind seeing the grouchy old coot again sooner than planned.
When his arms come around Dean, Castiel finds his hand gripping into a thick curve of muscle that runs alongside Dean's spine, the bony arc of his shoulder blade like the elbow of a wing in Castiel's fingers. Holding their bodies together this way makes Dean choke and purr, and rut against Castiel's hip in a way that should not be as satisfying as it is.
Cas chuckles, a little deeper. "It's a very nice ass." He kisses Dean's neck again. This time, it's one of those tiny little sucking kisses that Dean enjoys so much. "I helped rebuild that ass, and I've been to Heaven. I can say from personal experience that your ass is the pinnacle of perfection."
Cas's eyes crease at the corner as he smiles, murmuring, "Please, yes—" and then a small "Oh," as Dean carefully works his button and zip down, his knuckles brushing and pushing because Cas is so hard that there's no way to avoid it.
Sam doesn't have an answer for that. But maybe Dean has an answer of just why it fucked him up so bad to see Sam standing there, all-but-glowing with demon blood dripping off his chin.
Cas bites him just that little bit harder, grumbling, but the momentary achy sting of it only makes the warm roll of satisfaction and pleasure in Dean's core coil tighter. And Cas's next moan trembles against the bite mark when Dean curves his fingers gently again.
, cock curved just a little upwards, shiny at the tip, and bobbing right over Dean's. So he probably misses a little of that statement.
Sam laughs, “Uh… that’s… wow, that’s a very long story. Anyway, are you planning to, um… go back to school? I really doubt Michael has any idea what kind of bureaucracy life entails."
Which is only okay because he knows, he feels, he hears Cas coming, too—moaning loud and hungry into his ear.
Cas reappears, grim determination on his face. He’s still got the blade in his hand, but this time, there’s smoke drifting up from it. "I think I enjoyed that too much."
"I know," Cas answers, pointing with his chin at a saucepan. "But there was butter and sugar, so I made some caramel."
Cas pauses. He gives Dean a long look and a quick little arc of his chin, a question in his eyes. Dean takes a few steps closer and offers him a small smile. "I'm okay, buddy."
" With each word Cas's voice gets darker and graver. He stares pointedly at Ruby. "Stop pretending we don't have just as much, if not more, to worry about from
But when Bobby says that, Dean thinks of churros. Of the Star Wars theme. Of pies on the Impala's hood. Of a little restaurant and the sound of Greek in the air.
Cas looks down and blinks slowly. His face is sex-flushed and gorgeous, but Dean suspects that if it hadn't been all pink already, there'd be a blush staining his cheeks. "I wasn't exactly thinking clearly at the time." He raises an eyebrow in challenge, and his voice is still low and gravelly. Well, now, and doesn't that do great things to Dean's stomach? (Maybe his ego, too. Uh-huh, yeah, he did that.)
They don't have a future. Dean knows this. But while he's asleep, here, Cas's smile is small and genuine and the feel of a smooth fingertip stroking against his feels real enough. Here, before he has to open his eyes to a world where he knows how he failed, he lets himself believe it.
Dammit. In the first place, Dean has a tough time asking for things he wants, and second, he literally lacks the vocabulary for this. Flirting his way into a skirt is something very different than looking into Cas’s  eyes and asking.
Dean sucks in a shocked breath and then sort of melts into it, letting Cas lick into his mouth and tongue fuck him for all he’s worth. Just when Dean is sure his knees are going to rubberize, Cas ups the ante and does something he's practically avoided doing since the first time.
Dean isn't about to stand up, though: Cas or Jimmy are all tangled up in each other and mumbling in something that doesn’t sound like anything Dean understands, but they both look like they might keel over at any moment. Sam kneels down and starts to help Dean unpack the kit, instead. Then he leans in and whispers, "Amelia and Claire are missing."
.  You picture yourself undressing me, yet you imagine me to be the one aggressing upon you; you see yourself as the one penetrating me on the seat of your car, but you imagine me to be writhing in your lap, dragging you down on top of me, pulling you inside me.  You depict
become unpleasantly sticky.  Not to mention the front of his pants, he ascertained, gazing down with a grimace.  Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean, who was unsuccessfully stifling a snort of laughter, then passed his unoccupied hand over himself to remove any trace of their activity.  The angel pinned back his friend – lover?  Was that what they were now? – with a flat glare as Dean cleared his throat and nodded down to where spatters of his fluid and Castiel’s still lingered on his stomach and hip.
His skin is on fire and he just wants more, more, more; he remembers when he was at home in the bunker and rolls back over onto his back, spitting quickly onto his fingers because he doesn’t even want to stop thrusting long enough to scrounge for lube.  When Dean presses his left thumb back down behind his balls and pushes a finger inside his ass without bothering to be slow about it, a ragged moan leaves his lips and he starts up babbling.
“Wasting time,” he muttered to himself as he watched the hunter stalk away into the trees, his shoulders low and tense under the thick leather jacket.
“Look, I—” Sam stutters to a stop and then regroups, trying to regain his cocky grin.  “I get off at three.  Stick around and you could too.”
Future of this Verse: I have been SO THRILLED about the response, you guys.  There are several little nuggets of motivation and a TON of backstory for Shooter Boy Sam that I thought would probably just stay in my head when they didn't have a good place in this story.  Since you've all seemed to love this so much, here's what I'm planning once this fic is over (reminder, still two chapters to go!):
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel answered, sparing the vampire a withering glare before stalking away into the trees.
When the blur of battle settled, a macabre detritus of severed body parts and moaning creatures ringed the angel who stood at the center of the clearing, his face devoid of expression but his chest heaving with rapid breaths.  His time here in Purgatory – a month? two?  Even with his abilities, it was hard to gauge -  had been spent in an inexorable whirl of bloodshed and steeply climbing body count.  Castiel couldn’t be certain that killing any of these things even did any good other than to keep himself alive, if he could even be said to be living in this place.  Would slaying the never-ending horde of beasts that came for him keep Dean any safer?  He couldn’t possibly know, though he tried to tell himself that every monster he had slain lessened the number out there to attack the hunter.  But did it really?  Did they simply respawn endlessly in perpetuity, forever doomed to snarl and hunt and die and regenerate the next day to repeat the pattern ad infinitum?  Was this their Hell?  Or, because it was an angel’s Hell, was it a monster’s heaven, this cycle of death and life and terror and warfare?
The hunter’s jaw was set in a firm, unyielding line.  “Do I need to remind you of our deal?  Of what you committed to?”
“You are such an exquisite creature, Dean.  I have always seen how brightly your soul shines, but your body—” Cas’s gaze follows the path of his hands along Dean’s arms, “truly one of my Father’s most beautiful creations.  I didn’t really understand my craving for it – for
but it’s damn close, especially for a Winchester.  Dean tries to lean back so he can see Cas’s face, but the angel resists him. Cas’s breath shudders against Dean’s neck for a moment, then his lips press against the spot where Dean’s shoulder meets his neck.  Then he sucks just below Dean’s Adam’s apple.  By the time Cas’s mouth makes it to the underside of his jaw, Dean’s breathing hard again and his hips are pushing into the hand that Cas snakes down to wrap around Dean’s cock.  A few short steps forward for Cas and he’s got Dean’s back bumping into the wall.  Dean’s hands shove the trench coat from Cas’s shoulders and the angel wriggles to help him dislodge it from his arms.  Dean leans in to try to kiss the angel but much to Dean’s surprise Cas wrenches away.
“I don’t know if I’d call in singing,” he said with a slight laugh.  “Mostly, I just like to write songs.”
As much as he hated being a fucking coward, this sort of Hallmark bullshit was far from Dean’s strong suit at the best of times, and this was
Dean tries to shoulder past Cas and at least put a shirt on, because having this discussion half-naked now seems like an incredibly bad idea, but Cas grabs him by the wrist and heaves, and this time, Dean slams into the wall with enough force that his head swims a bit.  Cas moves so close they actually bump noses.
“—shows that you’re quality, and that alone should be enough.  But if it isn’t, the fact that you’ve got an ass I could bounce a quarter off of and a mouth made for cock sucking should clinch the fact that this man should beg to hop onto your dick.”
“Does your stomach,” Cas sucks at the skin just below Dean’s navel, “taste the same as your hip?”  The angel’s tongue swipes all the way from Dean’s belly button to the hollow between his stomach muscles and his hip, biting down again when he reaches the flare of his hip bone.  It takes Dean a minute to realize that the repeated banging noise comes from his own hands pounding the wall above his head and that yes, that’s his own mouth letting out a string of gasping whines.  Cas moves back to the center of Dean’s body but he’s just breathing hot gusts of air low on Dean’s belly.
The shower seems to make up his mind for him, though.  Given that he and Sam have spent the last several years together twenty-four-seven, neither one of them really have a whole lot of privacy when it comes to sexual matters (or
Dean swallows.  He knows it will ‘break character’, but he has to ask: “Do you really want me, Cas?”
Most of his near misses would have been easily avoidable had he troubled himself to focus, but the need to be close to Dean, to rest his cheek against the man’s stubbled jaw and feel his hot breath as they moved against each other pulled inexorably at him.  Several times throughout the day, Dean paused briefly to gaze into Castiel’s eyes, giving him a small grin as if to say that he knew exactly where the seraph’s thoughts had skittered off to and was highly amused by their shared secret.  Whenever Dean offered Castiel a hand up from the ground or favored him with a light graze of fingers against his wrist to check that the angel was unharmed, Castiel yearned for nothing more than then freedom to sink to the ground, lay his forehead to Dean’s, and map out the hunter’s body with his searching hands, inhaling gruff words of passion breathed out from Dean’s parted lips.
“Will you dress up as Slave Leia sometime?” Cas asks with a lopsided grin as he tosses the condom aside for a moment to focus on the small plastic bottle in his hand.
Because the kid is giving him a break and taking it easy on him, Dean stands up with a good-natured smile and spreads his hands.  “What gave me away?”
“Jesus Christ, Dean, at least answer me and tell me you’re all right in there,” his brother’s voice says in a strange, high pitched voice.  “I really,
“A nightmare?” Cas said, starting towards him.  The angel stopped short when Dean thrust out a hand to his shoulder, keeping the other man at arm’s length.
2. This was written before season nine occurred at all.  As such, there may be tiny details here and there that are no longer canon; I have reread a lot and I don't think there's anything glaring, but if there is, please 1) forgive me, and 2) don't hesitate to say so in the comments.  I welcome concrit (as long as it's constructive and not mean-spirited) and will be happy to reexamine.  I don't think that there's anything that would derail the trajectory of the fic.
Not long after that, it became far more than just an arm.  Dean’s long limbs twined around Castiel’s, his hands always clutching parts of Castiel’s clothing, as if to anchor the angel to his side to prevent him from leaving.  One leg would be thrown across Castiel’s calves, a hot, heavy weight he could not escape, Dean’s hands grasping his clothes and his face pressed into the lean muscle at his shoulder.  While his friend seemed to derive some comfort from the touch, the posture still suggested to Castiel that even his unconscious mind was distressed that Castiel would be lost.  It took him nearly two weeks to figure out a way to alleviate that distress.  When he finally realized that Dean seemed to be instinctively seeking reassurance through this physical connection, it only made sense to affirm the bond through reciprocation.  The next time Castiel felt pulled from his meditation when Dean curled his limbs around Castiel’s body, the angel tentatively shifted a bit, wrapping his arm around Dean’s back and cradling Dean’s head in the inner pocket of his shoulder.  The effect was immediate.  Dean wriggled in his sleep, his right arm slithering across Castiel’s belly to disappear under his trench coat on the opposite side and splay an open palm up Castiel’s ribcage, Dean’s top leg curling around Castiel’s to insinuate his knee between both of the angel’s.  Castiel hissed out a breath without really meaning to, his cheeks coloring as he felt the warm weight of Dean’s thigh pressing against his groin.  When Castiel raised his other hand from the ground and hesitantly placed it on top of the arm that Dean had wound around him, the hunter nuzzled his face deeper into the folds of material covering Castiel’s chest and let loose a thick sigh before slipping deeper into sleep.
Well, after burying his feelings to the point where they fester and cause him to do something stupid,
“Dude, Cas,” Dean chortles. “You’ve gotta stop.  I don’t think I can handle you making Star Wars references during sex.”
“Yes, god damn it,” Dean says sullenly, but the tone disappears on a gasp when Cas gives another little push.
Castiel whirled away from the elder Winchester and began pacing in useless frustration. "I have to keep the angel tablet safe, and in order to do that, there are things I must do. Things
(which, if Dean’s being really honest, is pretty fucked up, fantasizing about getting dirty with Cas in the same location he banged a chick who is essentially Cas’s sister).  What does surprise Dean, though, is how his cock jumps to full salute at the thought of sexy wrestling with Cas in the backseat of his car.
Dean stuttered to a stop as he opened his eyes and looked down at Castiel.  For a long moment, they just gazed into each other’s eyes.  Castiel was transfixed by the play of light within the green orbs, flashing gold wherever light kissed them.  He found a curious tingling spreading like wildfire throughout his body, concentrating low in his belly.  When the tingling grew to a heat that Castiel suddenly recognized, he snapped his gaze away from the hunter’s and drew in a sharp gasp of surprise, causing his chest to bump against Dean’s.  He must have wobbled on his feet because Dean thrust out a quick hand to wrap around Castiel’s bicep, steadying him.  Castiel felt his shirt snag against the zipper of Dean’s jacket; he stared at it until he felt the heat of the hunter’s gaze on his face.  Dragging his attention upward, Castiel allowed his eyes to meet Dean’s once again.
“Whoa!” Dean can’t help that he practically shouts; being airborne during sex hasn’t exactly come up before.  “Holy shit.”
Dean propped himself up on an elbow and shook his head, ignoring the flush rising on his cheeks.  “No, I … I mean, I wondered if you might lay down.  Here.  With me.  I know you don’t need to sleep,” Dean said hurriedly when the angel raised an eyebrow in mute surprise, “but I thought, I don’t know, can’t you guys meditate or something?”
He gets a proud smile in response as Sam knocks shoulders with him.  “Awww, baby’s first gay come on.  I’m so honored.”
“I understand that this must be strange for you.  Given that angels are neither gender-oriented nor sexually oriented in the way that humans are, I don’t have the need for the re-identification that you must feel as a result of our activities.  But I want you to understand that if anything we have done this evening causes you regret, you don’t—”
“Yeah, ‘vanquished countless scores of minions of Hell in order to liberate me’,” Dean says gruffly.  “So I heard.”
Benny had to thrust out an arm, grabbing his friend’s bicep to keep him from tumbling to the ground.  He might never call the hunter “graceful” – the man was too much solid muscle and brutal attack for such a delicate word – but Benny had never seen him uncoordinated.  Yet just the suggestion of awareness of the tension between him and the angel was enough to have Dean losing focus, hooking his ankle on a very visible tree branch, and nearly taking a header into the underbrush.  The vampire just swung out, seized the hunter’s arm, and pulled him back to his feet, all the while keeping his face as steady as he could.
“The Word from on High,” Samael had said.  “It is your duty, Castiel.  Your privilege.  You will save Dean Winchester from Hell.”
“This seemed a more prudent source of lubrication, given our change of position,” the angel explained, his face startlingly calm despite his heaving chest and flushed cheeks.
“Perhaps you could tell me,” Benny asked as the two men in front of him stared at each other fiercely, “what in the actual Hell has rammed itself up both your asses today?”
“Tell me it’s not just sex, Dean,” Cas whispers into his skin.  “I can’t bear it, thinking it might just be sex.”
“Bitch,” Dean responds with a smile and goes to fish out a clean pair of boxers and t-shirt from his duffle.
“I don’t … I don’t think …” Dean stammered in a breaking voice.  “I don’t think I ever really thought about it that hard.  I didn’t really consider the reaction.  I just knew that when you said you had slept with her, my brain went, ‘Hey!  I was supposed to be first!’  I don’t ….”
it.  But, he supposed, if anyone was going to hear it ….  Dean chuckled a bit as he thought about Cas’s wording.  That was their friendship in a nutshell, really.  He hadn’t tried to wheedle or demand that Dean play the song, and yet, the hunter felt he didn’t really have a choice in the end.  So he raised the guitar, cleared his throat, and forced his fingers to move across the frets as he began the song.
of you.  The way he looks at you like he’s jealous of every single moment that you’ve spent out of his eye sight, the way you look at him like you think it’s impossible for someone to be so fucked up and so perfect at the same time and what’s he doing around someone like you.  And you never quite manage to see it in the other one, do you?  How much you want each other.”
Maybe it made him a total chicken shit, but Dean took off into the forest to escape the angel.  He didn’t know
“Honey, did you not hear me say you’re hot and I have a kink?  I would have bought you the damn drink and every one after it, praying to Judy Garland that you’d let me ride you home at the end of my shift as a thank you.”
Changing his mind about one of the earlier revisions, Dean scratched out a chord and made it an arpeggio instead.  The angel pinned him with one of his trademark piercing gazes.
Cas tipped his head to the side quizzically and something pulled in Dean’s chest.  He’d missed that expression.
Cas brings his thumb and forefinger together in mid-air in a weird pinching gesture and Dean’s wrists snap together.  A light flick of the angel’s hand and his wrists are pinned to the wall above his head; Dean barely even needs to tug on them a few times to know that Cas somehow angel-mojoed restraints, but he does it anyway on principle.  He’s a tad ashamed to admit that being stretched out and pinned to the wall while Cas goes back to playing Oral Oregon Trail on Dean’s chest makes him so hard he feels a bit light-headed again.  In an immediate departure from its previous thundering gallop, Dean’s heart seems to stutter to a stop when Cas drops to his knees.
When his mind flashed again to increasingly gory versions of Cas's death or savaging at the hands of the things that stalked out there in the dark, Dean just repeated his name over and over again, letting the soothing sounds of the angel's name on his tongue lull him into the oblivion of sleep.
The angel nearly screamed in fury as he continued pacing an endless ring around their temporary campsite.  Livid with envy, the angel howled a challenge to the creatures in the night, aching for the release that would come from combat against a monster just as mad as he.
Because I don't want to bias your reactions, the next three chapters will be presented largely without comment.  Except to remind you that this has now been established as a series, so don't forget to subscribe.
Dean stared down at that the sudden puddles of wetness on his t-shirt, completely blank and confused.  When it dawned on him that they had dripped from his chin, he swiped a hand across his face, far more astonished than he should have been to realize they were tears.  That clinched it for him: if Dean Winchester had gotten so drunk that he had turned into a sniveling teenage girl crying over her boyfriend, then it was time to put down the booze.
“You don’t always have to—” Dean started again but decided to try a different tack.  “Things are different now, Cas.  Things are going to be different between us even when we get home.  You can see that, right?  How things are going to change?”
Dean lets his lips lift up a bit.  Now that he’d given Cas another taste of his little game, a hint that the first time wasn’t just a fluke, he could expect the angel to be less surprised next time.  He’d get to see Cas’s
barrel at it and kick it in the ass. Or fuck it in the ass, which seems more and more likely to be the case here … aaaaaaand now he’s come back around to the burying his feelings part.
He should have seen it coming, really.  Dean Winchester couldn’t have people he cared about.  The world wouldn’t allow him.  Fuck, the only reason why he and Sammy were still together was that God was too much of a fucking sadist to just take pity on them and either leave them the fuck alone or just let them both die.  Sammy was pretty much the only person he had now, and although his brother was
“Yeah, convenient,” Dean says and scrubs a hand across his face.  He can’t help but smile though.  “What the hell even is my life anymore?”
Dean growled to himself when he realized that he was blushing.  Again.  Fuck, Dean Winchester did not blush when he thought about sex.  He hadn’t blushed about
Cas’s words screech to a halt when he comprehends the insult.  His eyes narrow and he flicks a hand towards Dean’s pinned wrists.  The sudden change of pressure causes Dean to collapse forward onto Cas’s shoulders, but obviously, the angel is ready for it.  Cas spins on one foot and carries Dean effortlessly the short walk to the bed.  Hell, he doesn’t even dislodge himself from where he’s still buried balls-deep inside Dean … and if that’s not a sentence Dean never expected to have run through his head, he doesn’t know what is.
A sudden fit of rage pushed the muscles in Castiel’s legs into stiffness, rocketing him up from the ground to pace in a tight, futile circle around his sleeping friend.  Would Castiel always end up being so feeble?  Could he never receive a kindness from the universe to allow him to protect the one person he most cared for?  Could he stand the weight of the penance heaped upon him for his misdeeds?  Why must he always be doomed to be just within reach of what Dean requires but never quite strong enough to give it to him?
It seemed to take a moment for the meaning of his statement to descend upon Dean.  When it did, Dean’s hand closed around Castiel’s bicep to an almost punishing grip and then released just as quickly.
A/N - This is a shorter chapter, but I think you'll see it's an important one.  This is the last time Dean Fucks With Cas, so Chapter 8 will start the one time Cas Fucks Back.  I know you'll enjoy that one.  But pay attention to this one too, as there are some important little goodies hidden in here that will come back to "haunt" Dean in the next chapter.
“When this is all over,” he rumbled in his low baritone, “I will return.  I have been promised forever in your arms.  I intend to collect.”
Cas’s fingers grip both of Dean’s wrists and draw his arms up, pinning them to the wall above his head, and causing the hunter to shiver as the angel drags his fingers lightly down the insides of Dean’s arms towards his chest.
is what you used for your standard of human sexuality, you probably shocked the shit out of that mousy little church lady.  She probably either thought you were the scariest perv on the planet or literally God’s gift to her sex life.”
Dean froze against him, the panting breaths against Castiel’s ear his only motion for at least a count of ten before responding.
What the fuck was he going to get that damn dream out of his head?  He couldn’t even begin to think about what he was going to do with the erection that was starting to ache like a motherfucker.  He sure as hell wasn’t going to do either one of the two things he’d normally do in this situation because both of them would end up involving something to do with Castiel’s mouth, whether it was his hand and a mental replay of the song from the dream or a real-life replay with the actual mouth that had done the singing –
For no good reason, Dean is trying to resist the temptation.  Maybe it’s that he doesn’t want to risk moaning his brother’s name while some kid who looks vaguely like Cas writhes in his lap.  Maybe it’s that getting a lap dance from a barely-legal-to-drink
Cas’s face is fierce again.  “I thought we talked about your impatience, Dean.  And my lack of mercy.”
The angel narrows his eyes but nods.  “Better,” he confirms.  “Shall I reward you, then, for behaving?”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean rubs at the back of his neck, “a kid I met in Atlanta while out there on the hunt on Thursday.  Bartender at a strip joint, gives a hell of a lap dance.”
Just as Dean opens his mouth to speak, his phone blares, muffled through his jeans.  Dean pulls it from his pocket and stares at it, baffled, when the display reads “SEXY SOUTHERNER”.  Sam gapes at him as he grins like a lunatic and answers.
A noisy gasp leaves Dean and he doesn’t bother to stop it because he’s practically panting now, his eyes wide with panic, his heart thundering in his chest as Cas gets so close that his lips brush Dean’s when he speaks.
“I know, Dean, but—”  Cas is shaking now, too; his thighs trembling not with the strain of holding Dean up – hell, he could probably do that for hours; days, maybe – but probably with the same anticipation and eagerness as Dean.  “I don’t know if you’re ready.”
Without even looking up from where he draws his hands together on Dean’s breastbone, Cas corrects, “Seven and three-eighths, Dean.  Don’t be smug.”
The instant Cas finishes speaking, he’s back burying his face between Dean’s cheeks.  This time, it isn’t licks or kisses; the point of Cas’s tongue begins to press inside, slow jabs that eat away at Dean’s resolve as Cas’s stubble scrapes against his skin.  He can’t help it, he whimpers.  He can’t seem to make himself stop the path of his hand either.
"Huh," Sam remarks but doesn't say anything else.  His face pinches a bit, though, as Dean crowds a little closer.
“Of course not,” Dean answers instantly.  Something pops into his head that causes him to laugh, though.
Dean had barely gathered himself when another fanged freak came barreling out of the scrub and tackled him to the ground.  Cursing himself for not being aware of the second attack, Dean struggled as the vampire above him snarled and snapped in his face.  He’d managed to drop the scythe just out of reach – how the fuck did that always manage to happen? – and his knife was still buried in the tree, so the hunter just did what he could with bare hands to keep the thing from tearing him to pieces.  He fought his hardest but he knew, after just a few seconds, that it wasn’t going to be enough.  Dean was too tired, had been too startled, the vampire was too strong.  It wasn’t going to take this jerk long to get the upper hand, pin him down, and rip him to pieces.  As he fought with his last few rounds of strength, Dean managed to send out a quick thought:
“Dean,” Castiel said, and couldn’t help but be stunned that his voice had no effect on the hunter’s single-minded determination to eliminate the perceived threat.
The hunter just sank further into his own misery.  He didn’t shrug off Castiel’s hand, but he didn’t acknowledge it either.  Unsure of how to comfort his friend, the seraph merely let his body ease down behind Dean’s, propped up on his right arm to try to gaze over the hunter’s shoulder at his face.  Dean never turned towards the angel, but when Castiel moved his hand from Dean’s shoulder to the rigid fingers clutching at his ribcage, Dean let go of the abused fabric and clasped onto Castiel’s digits in a punishing grip.  At somewhat of a loss as to what else to do, Castiel simply returned the grip and laid down behind his friend, his chest pressed against Dean’s hunched back.  Once Castiel had settled his head on the soft leather of Dean’s coat, his friend’s grip gentled and, with shaking fingers, drew the angel’s arm forward until it wrapped around Dean’s body, Castiel’s hand drawn up between Dean’s own crossed limbs.
Castiel felt the flush on his cheeks deepen in those first few moments entangled in Dean’s embrace.  He’d had no idea, really.  The intimacy that could come from something so innocuous as sleep … suddenly, the years of Dean’s protests that it was “creepy” that he watched over Dean as the man slept began to piece together into something that made sense.  It seemed so harmless, lying down for rest next to someone, but this … closeness, the vulnerability of being at repose only compounded how much of a human’s inner mind and heart could be revealed in sleep.  No wonder Dean had seemed so discomfited by the request, by the possibility of laying his body next to Castiel’s for something as innocent as sleep.  Every atom of his body that rested against Dean’s broadcasted a keen awareness of the hunter: the warmth of his body; the ever-present smell of leather and blood and gunpowder and something deeper, something earthier that was inherently Dean; the scratchy calluses on his palms and the sides of his fingers that bore the signs of constant use of weapons; the smoothness of the back of his hand underneath Castiel’s; the thick ropes of muscles in the thigh draped over Castiel’s hip; the heavy heft of his head on Castiel’s shoulder; the rasp of day-old stubble against Castiel’s dingy hospital shirt; the humid puffs of his breath against Castiel’s chest.  Suddenly, it seemed like a much more courageous gesture for Dean to have asked to share this with Castiel.  Suddenly, it seemed a much less innocent gesture for Castiel to have accepted without question, as it was becoming increasingly clear that he had not fully understood what Dean had been asking.  And, much to Castiel’s wonder, it became increasingly clear as the nights stacked upon themselves that Castiel would not be able to remain as removed as he had expected, offering comfort but receiving nothing in turn.
“Hey you,” a twangy tenor voice says and Dean turns to see a slim slip of a kid who can’t be more than 20 or so giving him a sharp, predatory smile.  “I don’t see a drink in your hand and I bet you could use one.  Looking that good must be thirsty work.”
Sliding down to lay at the foot of the tree where he'd been praying, Dean removed his jacket and pulled it over himself like a blanket, a parody of sleep. After a few long moments of forcibly measured breaths, Dean continued whispering his vow to Castiel, hoping with every atom of his being that the angel could hear him.
Twink Angel doesn’t seem to mind, but Dean finds himself at least a little relieved when Giant Cock at least gets a little spit involved, even though he’s never personally liked the idea of spitting on someone he’s fucking.  Heat of the moment though, he guesses.  Twink Angel’s squirms and little noises of frustration make it clear that it’s not quite enough though, because you finally see Giant Cock’s face … when he spreads the angel’s cheeks with his fingers and drags a long, pointed tongue up the crack of the slimmer man’s ass, drawing a ragged moan from somewhere off camera.
Dean stared out the window without really making sense of anything that lay beyond the pane of glass.  He had just about gotten to that level of drunk where things stopped making sense anyway.  The sort of drunk that far outreaches those sappy assholes who pay $15 a martini to get shit-faced and rub up against each other until they have stranger-sex in a bathroom at a club.  He was pretty sure he was getting to the level of drunk where you’re beyond caring that you’re doing irreparable damage to your liver.  A tiny smile quirked his lips when he thought of how pissed Cas would be when he found out he’d have to fix Dean’s liver again.  And then the smile slipped from his face when the alcohol slipped away in an unfortunate second of clarity and he remembered.
Their hands cling. Cas pulls him gently down until they're both mostly horizontal. Cas pets down his sides, his back, runs fingers through his hair. Dean, for the most part, is still stunned. His mind is mostly blank, but a good blank. Cas kisses his temple, his nose, his jaw. Dean tilts his head and pulls a sweet kiss from Cas's lips before letting his head tip downwards
Bobby sighs. "And there ain't no such thing as AA for demon blood. Still, something like NA might work for him in the long run."
Sam makes a little choked noise, though it's anyone's guess if that's because of the 'Prophet of the Lord' business or because Cas is showing off just how well he knows Dean.
Dean’s fingertip slides just barely in, and Cas lets out a satisfied sigh. Cas’s rim is warm around him, and clenching him tight; Dean shivers with the echo of future sensation. Their connection pulses lightly, as if it's happy—excited, even. Dean swallows around a lump in his throat and noses at Cas's face until their lips meet.
: Alright, friends, here's where things start going just a wee bit more nuts... and yes, we realize that some observant readers might note that the episode order is not quite the same. There's a reason for that--you'll see! :wink:
"I was thinking about," Cas says, and now he's just looking at this plate, "removing the bulk of my grace when all is said and done. If it can be done safely. Living out my life as a human." Now he's looking up at Dean with just his eyes, and his face says it all. He wants to grow old with Dean instead of remaining still and marble-like in the face of time.
"Dean," Cas murmurs, like it's just for the pleasure of saying his name. He tucks his chin and leans his way back over, settling on top to kiss Dean's cheek. It’s weirdly chaste, but so intimate Dean's eyes sting.
They haven't known how Sam's doing, in the week or so they've been chasing after him—if he's drinking blood. If Ruby has her claws in him. But the relief of this—Sam reaching out, Sam
Castiel gestures at the mirror and everyone looks to see some sort of... sigil? It’s a circle around some kind of a set of corners, a triangle, a couple of scribbles around it. It’s smeared, messy and drawn in blood (
Above him, Cas trembles, wrecked. He groans Dean's name and a whole bunch of other compliments that wash over Dean like a cleansing water. When Dean finally, carefully, sucks the whole head into his mouth—just a shallow, almost gentle pull—he almost cries at how perfect the whole experience is.
Cas sighs, looking down at the hands folded in his lap. “I am,” he insists, quietly. “But… my grace is getting… fairly low. I don’t think I have many flights left in me. Not ones that I can take safely without worrying about ending up trapped in the aether, or in a volcanic crater.” He tries for a smile. “Or in Narnia.”
Cas pauses and swallows nervously; Dean figures it must be a habit from before. He looks up at the ceiling. His eyes are quiet, and the color of the Great Lakes in summer.
Bobby calls them to let them know that Escalade was found in Cold Spring, but by then, Dean's on the trail. It's hours later of silence in the car. Cas put the box of cassettes between them like a bolster, and Dean's been feeding them into the tape deck, one by one, like coins into a slot machine.
Cas groans into it, pulling Dean in closer, pressing the entire lengths of their bodies together. They're speaking a language Dean can handle now. Dean is more than happy to lick and suck and bite and rub all over Cas, until neither of them can see straight but both of them are very damned sure about Dean's intentions and feelings.
Cas cocks his head a little to the side, and his gaze isn't sad or disappointed or happy. Just... accepting, in a way that Dean's never seen on anyone's face before. "Alright. I will do it." But he raises a hand and gently touches Dean's wrist, pressing the knife hilt back towards him. "Keep it. I like the thought of it protecting you. I will use Uriel's."
Cas's head tilts. He doesn't directly call Dean a liar, but he probably knows something's not quite right. He always knows. Dean has learned to take comfort in the idea that Cas doesn't need his words most of the time. He doesn't force Dean to say everything that maybe should be said, just the things that absolutely need to be said.
"I'll show you open wounds," Bobby growls but he gets less and less tense with each step of the process. From where Dean’s still sitting with his legs splayed out around him, he hears the shotgun getting uncocked with a soft click, and then the gun getting put down entirely.
that shudders through him. Only Dean’s fingers digging into the bedsheet keep him from just coming on the spot—that, and the knowledge that there's more than this, that they can have more than this.
He's in bed, sitting up with several pillows stuffed behind his back for support. There's a hardcover book in his lap, his fingers running across the lines as he reads. It doesn't just look normal, it looks well-practiced. Like this is how Cas always went to bed.
Their fingers don't touch as Cas hands him the cup. Dean's chest hurts a little at that, but he doesn't say anything. He twists the ring on his finger and hopes that it means what he wants it to mean in the long run. Cas is still wearing his, so that's something at least.
Cas nods in agreement, but the tiny smile on his face gets knowing and Dean ignores it politely. "C'mon," he says and tugs on Cas’s fingers, gently walking Cas through the perimeter. Cas doesn't appear all that fazed by the transition anymore.
This kiss finally gets a bit messier, wetter. Cas's tongue sweeps into Dean's mouth and it's easily the best kiss of his life, including all the previous kisses with Cas. They go back to rutting, briefly. Dean needs his free hand to balance, gripping onto the front bench so hard he might leave marks. But Cas is fucking Dean’s mouth with his tongue and Dean might be ruined for anyone else ever again.
Dean might be slowly losing his mind. Their kiss ends and they pant, a little breathless, into each other's mouths. Cas smiles, sweetly. "The things I think about Dean," he murmurs into Dean's chin, kissing upwards.
Cas is stretching some kinks out of his back when Dean leaves to find Sam and Ruby. Except it’s just Sam. No Ruby. Because Sam has a crazy idea that he put into action without telling Dean.
Dean's sort of glad he's already sitting on the bed. (Which is king-sized and something he's not... really thinking too hard about yet.) "I'm sorry, what?" He blinks rapidly.
"I'm bad at this," Dean eventually says, and he sounds so small and quiet to his own ears. "I can't think about that, Cas. I can't think about the future like that, not yet. I won't be able to—"
Cas takes the hand that Dean didn’t even realize he wrapped around to rest on Cas’s stomach.  He threads their fingers together and pulls it up to kiss their combined knuckles. "I know you."
"Yeah, Bobby." Dean smiles just a little, and glances up at Cas, whose head is bowed over the laptop again. "We hear."
"Because I was nearly torn out of this mortal plane, and there should have not been anything that could keep me here," Cas says, quietly, but very obviously in Dean's direction. Dean stares at the floor so he doesn’t have to try to meet his eyes. "That I remained was not without a price. We were injured," Cas goes on, so gently, "on a metaphysical level."
Then, before Dean's mind can settle and freak the fuck out because he might have just seriously misread some signals, Cas smiles a small, shy smile.
When Dean’s hips try to shift into the motion and roll into the touch, he gets a gentle, warning nudge with Cas's tongue and a press of a firm palm against his thigh. Okay, Dean can get the picture. No wiggling.
"I'm not really in the mood to piss off God,” Dean retorts. ”Hey, what about that middle ground? " he lifts his hand up, palm flat, and wiggles it. "I'd sleep much better at night if I didn’t have to worry if there's a godly smiting in my future."
Cas graces him with a tiny smirk. "We don't all have shiny black cars with big rumbly engines to fall back on when we need to look cool."
He looks his fill now, and his mouth waters. (Why is it doing that? He's not hungry. Or he's not that kind of hungry.) His lips part, and they stay that way as he stares.
Cas has stayed just a little bit reserved, but that's kind of what Dean needs right now. In Dean's mind, there's two hills to climb. The first is Lilith, and everything that comes with that—Ruby, Sam, the demon blood, the possible end of the world, all the fun stuff.
Jimmy looks ready to argue, but Pamela cuts him off. "He's not. You're worried and that's commendable. I'm not sure exactly what I saw in there, but it wasn't insanity, okay? I swear on your daughter's life."
Dean chortles a little. It tickles, but the warm buzz of connection feels even better. "I mean, yeah. We're as likely to be hit upside the back of the head, or something." He chuckles and curves his hands over Cas's hips, letting his fingers splay gently up and down his sides. "But I meant that my boxers are gross, buddy."
"Ah-ah." Dean flicks his wrist and cuts at Zachariah’s arm with the angel blade; blue light spills out of the cut and Zachariah spins to face him, his face going even more pinched at the sight of Dean holding what’s probably some kind of sacred knife. Dean grins and draws a neat little figure eight in the air with the tip. Damn, he loves this thing. "No snapping at the grumpy seraph. Sure, he’s pretty, but it might make him grumpier."
Cas shoves his blade through the host's neck before it tries to answer. When Dean frowns at him, Cas shrugs. "The vessel had been shot months ago, there was no saving him."
Cas makes a low, contented noise against Dean's throat, and wiggles just enough underneath him to haul the trench coat up from the floor mats and drape it over them both, tucking the edge underneath his hip. "There," he murmurs. "Perfect."
Dean's head wants to fall back; Cas is kissing at his neck, both hands on his hips, large and steady. "Yeah?" he slurs.
But of course it’s not snowing. It’s spring. It’s dark. There's a takeout bag next to Dean’s left hand, a water bottle tucked against his thigh.
Dean knows he should, but the smell of grilled meat and fries turns his stomach. He shakes his head, but he sips the water. Then he puts his head against the window and closes his eyes again.
"And you... when you, um. Wrote on me." Dean's hand stills between Cas’s shoulder blades. "You made that impossible. Even if I said yes to him... he couldn't. Even though he's an archangel?"
This is going to be a fun drive, Dean can tell already. Eight hours and change with Sulky McBloodFiend. Great.
"Honestly? No," Dean says. "I did not." They stare at each other, anger boiling just under the surface.
isn't feeling it. Maybe he is, because the little moan he lets out against Dean's skin is almost as desperate as the thin, choked whine that escapes Dean. Even through two layers of cloth he can feel the damp of Cas's boxers.
"How?" Dean asks, idly, curiously, but mostly still swallowed up in the feel of Cas's stubble against his neck and the slow, careful press of lips still behind his ear. He wants Cas to talk. About anything.
It's not until they step out of Cas's room that Dean realizes it's a weekday, and that there's too many voices coming from the kitchen for the late hour—what is it, 9 AM?
Dean's not sure why Cas's eyes drift over Pamela's shoulder to meet his, or why they hold for just a moment again. But he's been doing that pretty much since they met.
They both balance there on that edge a little too long and not long enough, gasping and sweating and shaking. Maybe it's Dean's hand trembling a little because he's just that close; maybe it's Cas's next thrust being just the tiniest bit out of rhythm.
"It had occurred to me," Cas admits. "Based on some of the... experiences I had. I just wasn't sure such a thing was possible."
But right now, Dean can't, because it's all become so damned overwhelming and even working on breathing is an effort as the tip of Cas's tongue skirts between the fingers of the handprint again.
Eventually, Dean shifts the ring from his right hand to his left. No point in anything else now, he's definitely not planning on punching anything harder than a wall for the next little while. Besides, it's more truthful than anything else he's ever done. And if Dean can't be truthful now, when can he?
Cas is the one who reaches first, who props himself up with one hand on Baby's seat like suspending himself over Dean that way is easy. (Maybe for him it is.) He looks up and down Dean's body like he's not sure what he wants to touch first.
Dean slides a hand up the arm Cas has around his ribs, running his fingers up and down Cas’s still-cooling skin. Cas actually giggles a little with his next shiver, and Dean understands the impulse. He might actually be a bit giddy and it's not just the lack of oxygen to his brain from that neverending orgasm.
But Dean can't think too much more about that, because Cas has started drawing little wet circles with his fingertip, around and around. Okay, that’s really nice; he can hear himself gasping, tensing up. When Cas starts punctuating each circle with a gentle press right to the center, Dean groans. It's not
Sam finally coughs and looks away, reaching for the next pile of papers on the unread stack. There’s a lot; they've mostly been skimming, looking for specific events. "That's, uh… not actually comforting."
Intimacies, huh? Mmmm. "Like how I was able to mark you at all without chipping a tooth?" Dean leans in and nibbles some more, only to pull back and watch it fade away. "That hardly seems fair."
"Shit," Dean curses, and Castiel can see his breathing accelerate. "Okay, I'm scared to ask what you're thinking about."
Dean expects Bobby to make a disgusted noise, but he doesn't. He just huffs. "Well, ain't that just peachy. Looks like we better get crackin' on figuring out where this Lilith chickadee's gonna wanna be." He gestures to Cas with his chin. "You wanna help me out here, Professor?"
Dean is a goddamned master of keeping this shit down, okay? He's spent his life doing it. There's nothing to fucking experience. He just needs to get past it.
"I think you—we—remember, in a way that neither of us can control or explain," Cas says, softly. "And when I touch you, here..." he rubs just one fingertip against what Dean thinks is the pointer finger over the ball of his shoulder. The gentle press of contact is nothing to what zings deeper, Dean's whole body shuddering into it even though the sensation isn't physical at all. "Your soul reaches back for me. It knows."
Dean also knows there's something Cas isn't saying, and it's not so simple as that he’s already planning on surrendering himself to save them.
This isn't 'normally.' The noise Cas makes is part yell, part sob, deep and shaky—but there's no mistaking any part of it for anything but pleasure.
When he looks over, though, Cas has relocated the other half of the pile on the folding table back towards himself. He's holding one up in front of him, a little smile on his lips. Dean remembers, with a little lick of his lower lip, just how a flannel with almost the same pattern of blue background and thin white crosshatches looked over Cas's shoulders, covering his wrists.
"How d'you like to touch yourself?" Dean asks, his head spinning at the visual that's going through his mind—Cas, his Cas, lying out on the bed with his hand moving on himself. He's gonna wanna see that sometime. "Slow and soft?" He demonstrates, his fingers a careful cuff, and Cas does the same to him... oh, fuck, yeah, this is going to be fun. "Tight and fast?"
Dean nuzzles Cas's chin the way Cas was nuzzling his, and grins a little at the unfamiliar rasp of a bit of stubble against his lips. He kind of likes it. Then he chuckles back, shakily. "Jesus." He looks down at the mess between them. “Guess this, uh, means we’re not having the condom talk, huh?”
Bobby sucks on his teeth, thoughtfully. "Might be useful. Ever tried to test it out? See what you get from him?"
Dean, ever-stubborn Dean, muffles his next noise in Castiel's throat, but that just means that Castiel feels it as much as he hears it. He could enjoy this forever, but that would be selfish.
Dean slowly lets himself tilt forward. Their chests touch first, then press together until he can rest his face into that place between Cas's scratchy jaw and his shoulder. The trench coat feels the same. Their interlocked fingers stay, dangling gently between them. "Please be real."
It's creepy how close to their lives a lot of it is. Like... really fucking creepy. Every heartbeat, every streak of blood. The rip at the seam of one of Dean's favorite flannels, the one that Dean patched back together with yellow rather than dark green, because that was all they had left in the little shitty sewing kit that they haul around. The color of Sam’s jeans. The Legos in Baby’s heating system.
It reminds him of the way he carefully pulled apart the lapels of Cas's scraped-up, torn, dirty trench coat, the cloth of it swishing against a bloodied button-down.
Dean thinks he can't keep this up for too long, because having his mouth open and the effort of keeping his teeth away—yes, Dean knows
Cas drops in the middle of all of them with his wings spread wide. Dean can feel the burn and whiffle of the feathers whipping across his face—holy shit he's never felt that before—and the shadows of them sprawl across every surface of this little room.
Dean doesn't like Ruby. That's a fact. He doesn't bother to hide it, but he also can't deny that if this is gonna go down the way Sam thinks it will, she's putting herself in the hands of some pretty fucking evil people right about now. And the fact that Dean can say that is really saying something.
He doesn't know it's going to happen until she drops something warm and heavy over his shoulders, draping it over his arms--and it feels like his wings.
stops Dean cold. His jaw drops, loose and floppy; Cas's cock pops out and taps back against his belly as Dean lets go. "Sorry, what now?" he blurts.
me pull over," Dean threatens, over his shoulder. "I don't know which of you's the big brother, but you both need to grow up and explain what the hell's going on."
Cas freezes briefly before tucking his thumb under the hem of Dean's shirt, stroking slow circles in the skin he finds there. "You mean fucking."
Dean sleeps longer and harder than he has in a long time. He wakes up to find Cas hasn't moved at all, and is in fact still a little asleep. Pride swells inside him briefly, because goddamn he is good.
Dean's heart turns over in his chest in a way he's never felt. He can't tear his eyes away before Cas finishes his inspection of the car and turns back to him.
Castiel might have been, until recently, a virgin, but he's also millennia old, and he's not an idiot.
"What he's sayin'," Bobby says, over his shoulder, "is you idjits warded off the apocalypse. You need a damned vacation. Go to the beach or some shit."
Dean Winchester can't imagine a life without hunting. Truthfully, Dean Novak can't really either, but he's not afraid of time off in the same way.
He's not surprised that Cas's eyes go creased at the corners when he smiles—fuck, Dean's such a disaster sometimes. But he
Dean showers, quickly, but not without some time for the simple enjoyment of clean tile after the first thin layer of dust washes away, good water pressure, and hot water that’s actually hot and not just sort of lukewarm after a long and trying day. He shuffles back out wearing fresh boxers and a soft t-shirt. He's still scrubbing the last of the water out of his hair when he sees Cas.
Dean's eyes travel to Cas, who still looks grumpy that he's even aware of the hour. "Yeah, Sammy, I gave him the back seat."
They fight, synchronized in a way even he and Sammy never really reached, until the open doors to the main abbey are in sight. Dean can see them, fuck, he can see people in there—and one of them’s his brother. He doesn’t know how relief was going to jelly his knees at seeing him again. He’s okay. He’s alive, he’s okay—
making some kind of a deal, Cas!" Dean exclaims. His hand presses, automatically, to his stomach. It doesn't hurt anymore, but he still remembers the claws going through it.
the asshole—the shit it takes to kill some creepy-crawlies just floors Dean, sometimes—but he's moving a helluva a lot slower.
“I did think that,” Cas says quietly. “Make no mistake, my plan was to die, perhaps saving yours and your brother’s lives at the same time. It would have been more than enough. A fitting end, I think.” Cas takes a shuddering breath. “And then I saw you fighting—Dean, you’re always fighting—and I—” he takes a shuddering breath. “I couldn’t give up so easily. I chose to live instead—even if it meant I would never care again the way I should.”  Cas kisses the tip of Dean’s nose, and laughs. "Thankfully, it appears, once you go human, you never really go back."
He catches sight of a familiar highway sign drawing closer. They're about seven hours out from Bobby's place, which means Dean's been asleep for around ten to twelve hours total. He feels like he could do another ten, easy.
That gets Cas but good, and his head cants back on his shoulders. He doesn't say anything about Dean closing his eyes this time—and Dean doesn't. Dean doesn't look away from Cas's face as Cas comes in hot, shuddering jets all over Dean's hand, Dean's cock, the thin bare come-splattered strip of his belly where his shirt rode up.
"Nothing," Dean mutters, and dredges up a smile. What the hell’s he doing? "Shit, no, sweetheart, nothing. Just looking at you, that's all."
The irony is that Dean isn't really drinking all that much. It made the good dreams distorted and wobbly and he wanted every second of dream!Cas that he could get.
"The first..." Sam looks back and forth between them. "Wait, what? I thought the first seal was the... the ghosts. The spirits..."
"Found a job," Sam tells him, looking up from his perch on the edge of the sofa. "Bedford, Iowa. Guy beat his wife's brains out with a meat tenderizer."
Dean can't disagree. They fall into kisses, Cas leaning over him, draped perfectly against his side and a little on his chest. It's soft and fuzzy around the edges and Dean is happy to do this forever. (Or, okay, at least a lot longer than he’s ever wanted to just lie around and kiss before.)
Dean wakes up when he can no longer blot out the sun with his closed eyelids. Cas is having better luck: his head is tucked into the corner, chin propped up on Dean's scalp. Dean wants to stay there, but his bladder has other ideas.
"My brother's dead, thanks to you. So thank you for that reminder. Go with God," Jimmy sneers, and he makes it sound like an insult as he goes to swing the door closed.
Dean squeezes his hand. "You sure your warding will hold?" If they catch wind of Cas too early, this plan is going to go sideways real fast.
. Instead, Dean had carried their bodies to the master bedroom and shut the door, effectively making the upstairs a tomb.
There was a soft glow coming from the bottom of the house, the kitchen he assumed, but it did nothing to mar the beauty of the land around them. There were hundreds, maybe even thousands of fireflies blinking lazily around the meadow. The river and the scent of the few remaining wild flowers and changing leaves, gave the perfect ambiance.
Meg was already in the dining room, getting the kids settled, Ben and Jack regaling her with a tale of finding a snapping turtle that was “as big as the boat!”. There was a bottle of wine on the table by her left, a large glass poured in her spot and Cas’, and Castiel gave his arm one more squeeze in question.
Dean thought about it, but he avoided talking to Gabriel if he could help it, and just the thought of getting the other man on the phone made him uncomfortable. So, show up and hope was what they were going for. At the very least, even if what was left wasn’t the flavor Ben wanted, it would still be a damn good cake.
“It’s not your fault,” Dean said softly, letting a hand drop to find Castiel’s on the top of the covers.
Castiel stared at him for a moment, his mouth parting before snapping shut again. Dean tried to ignore the beating of his heart.
Dean shook his head, clearing his throat before pulling away and standing. He faced the wall, reaching for the light switch and hesitating over it. “I… I want to be alone.”
“Just pulling it off now,” Castiel said with a small smile, looking back to the grill to get the remaining burgers off. “Hope you’re hungry!”
Castiel smiled and kissed Dean once more before finding his hand and tugging him to the edge of their light. Dean sank to the grass first, pulling Castiel down beside him and then against his side. Together, they lay back in the grass, the smell of the earth and the flowers surrounding them.
“Hi,” Claire answered, her eyes flicking over to him. She had a strange expression on her face and a smirk, then she pushed past Castiel and let herself into the house. Dean waved Castiel in and shut the door behind him.
here. Either way, as far as Dean knew, his baby brother was safe, and he felt a lightness at a small weight lifting from his shoulders. He hoped Sam had found someone to travel with like he had, just as much as he hoped Castiel would be down for traveling with him to New York. There was no question now -- Dean knew where he needed to go.
Dean paused with his hand on the large barn doors and turned his head to meet Castiel’s eyes. He smiled softly. “Thanks, Your Grace. I can see why Balthazar chose you.”
“I hate you, Winchester,” Charlie laughed back, tucking the pillow back underneath her head. Dean smiled at her, seeing all the tears were gone from her eyes, and settled back down himself. They laid in a comfortable silence, both of them listening for any sign they were needed in the other room.
Gilda suddenly cleared her throat, causing Dean to look across the table at her, but Gilda’s eyes were over his head. Dean stiffened and turned his head, meeting Garth’s smiling face with Jesse standing impassive behind him.
“Only if her sugar drops too low,” Jo answered. “That’s why we’re going to check her sugar and her labs, keep her hydrated and flush her system with fluids. Once she gets a bag in her, we’ll see how she’s doing and determine if she needs to spend the night. We will wait for the doctor to decide, but it may be too long since she stopped drinking to pump her stomach. But we’re going to monitor her and make sure everything’s going okay. Okay?”
Dean swallowed and kept his gaze on the man before him. “Okay… was there something else you wanted me to do today?”
“I…” Dean started, then shook his head, shoving up to his feet and making Sam jump back in alarm. “What day is it?”
Should he get Castiel a drink? Should he sit beside him or put a chair between them? Should he check on the boys or start a conversation or-
Jo smiled at him softly and squeezed his arm. “Oh, and Cas? Don’t beat yourself up okay? Teenagers make stupid choices, and that’s without the additional bullshit your kid’s got, okay? She’s gonna be okay.”
“Dean? Dean! What happened?” Sammy fell to the floor beside him, hands grabbing his shoulders and pulling him upright. His brother’s eyes were wide and scared and Dean couldn’t say anything to change that look on his face. “Dean, talk to me!”
“When we were kids, we made up our own code. Poughkeepsie was one that meant danger, drop everything and run. We would say it when we were up too late, doing something we weren’t supposed to, and Dad was coming. Or when we were sneaking into school or the mall after hours, doing something stupid, and there was a guard coming.”
“That’s a bad word, Claire,” Jack quipped back, immediately lifting his arms as a blonde teenager with a snarl that could rival Sammy’s bitch face came around the side of Dean. She was glaring at him, probably wondering what a grown man was doing with her brother, and Dean raised a brow as he took a step backwards.
They'd chosen earth tones - greens, tans, blues, and greys - to cover the walls, be it paint or decorations, and Dean had insisted on large windows in every room. When the construction had been finished and Castiel was able to see Dean walking through their home, despite being empty, with the sunlight reflecting off of him? He was damn happy his Alpha had made the suggestion.
Dean glared at him, twisting the glass in his hands. Sam seemed completely gung-ho, ready to forgive Cas for his role in Mary’s death, in Rowena’s, but Dean
“Why am I alive?” Dean whispered, breaking their silence. Beside him, he felt Castiel stiffen, the other man twisting to his side to face Dean. “I was attacked by a Lifeless too… I didn’t turn into one. Why didn’t I?”
“Dean!” Sammy whispered, wiggling as he got himself situated beneath the covers, grabbing the front of Dean’s pajamas to give him a little shake. “Dean! Wake up!”
They passed through fields of grapes in various stages, most ready to harvest. Dean picked a few handfuls, shaking off ants that were swarming the bunch and popping a few grapes in his mouth. He couldn’t help but groan as the taste of fresh fruit burst across his tongue and Castiel rolled his eyes, holding out his hand for Dean to pass some over.
Sam tossed down the cards in his hand and reached for his beer, draining the rest of it. “You told me you’d never played poker before,” Sam accused, laughing as Castiel smiled back at him, adding his cards to Sam’s and leaning back.
As they arrived at the Hudson River, Benny led them as close to the Hudson Walking Bridge as he could get without actually driving over it and parked, getting out to stretch his legs with Jack. Dean parked the Kia beside him and glanced over at Castiel, the other man nodding his head.
Castiel stayed quiet for a moment before suddenly spinning around on his heel, reaching up to pull at his hair in frustration. Dean stayed where he was but stared after Cas as he walked a few steps away before spinning and coming back. As long as Dean had known him, albeit, not very long, Castiel was always cool, calm, and collected. To see him like this was both terrifying and reassuring.
Sam’s smile widened and he clapped Dean on the shoulder. “Well, perfect! Interested in heading there now?”
Lucas, when the boy peeked out from underneath Gabriel’s shoulder and Castiel met his eyes through the thin strip of white. Blue, like his and like Mommy’s.
With the last week of summer, Castiel was anxious to get to the school year. Not only would the routine create some stability for Claire, but Jack was in desperate need of hanging out with kids his own age instead of just his sister. Castiel was also getting sick and tired of the home renovations - though the house had been pretty much move-in ready, they’d ended up painting every single room and redoing the kitchen. Gabriel and Castiel had also decided to build a patio and fire pit in the backyard as some sort of ‘brother bonding’ thing.
to you! You just disappeared and we had no idea where you were or what happened!” Jo stepped into his space, her eyes angry and shining with unshed tears. “What the hell, Castiel?”
“Exactly!” Dean answered, nodding his head and smiling back. “Even if Santa doesn’t know to come here with presents, he’ll find Dad wherever he is tonight and drop them off in the car.”
“Do you go there often?” Castiel asked as he stepped up beside Dean. He chuckled when the mare snorted at him for interrupting her petting session, and Castiel lifted his hand to let her sniff him before he started petting her head.
“I’ll be right back, Claire,” Castiel said and followed after Jo into the hallway. Jo was waiting for him just to the left of the door, leaning nonchalantly against the wall, her arms crossed over her chest. “Thank you, for-”
Sam twists enough to look at him incredulously. "You sucker-punched me, kicked me once… and then went right to him and started whaling on him! That's 'he got me, too?'" Sam makes quotation marks with his fingers.
They caravan it back, no one wanting to let anyone too far out of their sight. Dean fights the panic that's clawing at his chest. Fuck. Sammy.
Then a miracle happens in a place named Greybull, Wyoming. Sam tells him about it over food. Dean’s been trying to eat more regularly, or at least when he’s in front of Sam. It’s still not quite the number of calories Dean used to take down, but it has helped some of his zombie-like feelings. The physical ones, anyway.
And with that, Sam disappears back out the door. But he leaves Cas's angel blade on the edge of the table.
It’s not the first time he and Sam have dealt with psychics-or-something, but it’s the first time they’ve gone looking for one that demons are trying to eat.
wanted.” He blows out a long, slow breath. “It was just so much better, I think, without another person there that I was pretending was someone else. Even alone, there were occasionally times when, ah… playing with myself would just remind me of what I couldn’t have."
Dean might not know a word of Enochian, but the noise Cas spits out over his shoulder as he climbs the stairs with little stomps makes Dean pretty sure he just got cussed out in it.
"You said you, uh, remade me," Dean says, shivering. He's not really thinking too hard about the logistics of that, because that's a mindfuck right there, but there's no denying the fact that Cas's hands seem to know exactly what makes Dean feel oh-so-good. "So what you’re saying is, you've had your hands all over my ass already," he teases.
Dean wakes up to a hand slowly stroking his hair, and a slowly-breathing body under his cheek. They must have shifted sometime during the night. Dean's on board with the new setup though: it lets his hands trace the subtle contours of Cas's stomach.
Which is a good thing, because both of them have to bury their faces into the pillows to hide the way they're shaking with laughter.
"The guys who saved the world, I guess?" Adam answers, a little hesitant, a little shy. "I, uh, don't know what to make of that."
Once awake, Dean shakes Sam awake and demands they get on the road at once. Sam grumbles and drops shit all over the place as they pack in a hurry, and then immediately falls back asleep once in the car.
So he takes a page out of Cas's book. He curls up onto his side, chin resting on the nearest pec muscle. It's comfortable: Cas's body is at the right height to pillow him without shoving his neck into a weird angle. Cas's left arm comes up around Dean's shoulders, reaching across the expanses of his back until the tips of his fingers just brush the edge of Dean's left shoulder. Left hand to Dean’s left side, with a gentle press at the handprint before it relaxes down into a casual hold.
Tessa, the pretty reaper who almost took Dean all the way back when, looks at him with a soft sympathy that's hard to stomach. He wonders if she can see all his scars—the ones not on his skin. When her eyes drop to his shoulder, he knows she can.
Cas steps back and falls into place near Dean; as he brushes past, their pinkies touch, briefly, gently. It’s only an instant, but Dean gets a quick hit of something. He's not sure he can qualify it: an apology, maybe? Or perhaps just a need to reach out. Either way, Dean's not complaining.
He captures Cas's lips. It's sloppy and wetter than he meant, but perfect for all that it isn't. Dean keeps his hips grinding in tiny little circles and Cas makes tiny high-pitched whines into Dean's mouth, but fuck if that sound doesn't complete some kind of circuit in Dean's brain.
saying aloud. "He could tell I was upset. I can feel it before he drops in. I kinda... know he's..." Dean screws up his face and flaps a hand towards the window. "I know he's out in the world, somewhere."
Jimmy's quiet "Oh" gets his attention, but whatever it was that made Jimmy’s eyes wide seems to have passed. Jimmy shakes his head, and Dean shrugs, going back to reading and sipping his perfect coffee.
"Yes," Cas answers. "A… a few times. I bottomed. It was, mostly, uncomfortable and I only got off afterwards with some extra effort, when I was able to at all. I was never able to maintain an erection.”
Dean stares at the walking body of his dead half-brother standing on the Merry Xmas welcome mat, and does a little math. "
Nick is, to say the least, surprised at Dean's change in focus. Well, good, because that asshole deserves a couple of nose-crunching punches if Dean has any say in the matter.
Dean lowers his body until they're flush together, and they both make sounds that are part groan and part relief. This is
The silhouette's the same. Cas is wearing the same floppy, baggy trench coat. But it's not Dean's flannel shirt under it anymore, and there's no familiar denim hugging his thighs.
Michael blinks, twice, his mouth opening a little and then staying like that, like he has no idea what to do with this hostility. Probably he doesn't.
Cas is waiting for him—or, more specifically, for Dean’s brain to go back online. Right now, all the inside of Dean’s head is doing is making a fun little ‘screech’ noise.
Dean narrows his eyes. "Thought about it." He shrugs. "That lie is for people I'm never going to see again. Or to let me do the damn job before more people get hurt. You're his family, and you know some of what's out there."
"A lot of places," Dean replies, mildly. He's never been ashamed of his educational history, not really. It's occurred to him that he's sort of hitched himself to a tenured professor with a Ph.D, but Cas never talks down to him or assumes he won't understand. He blows out a long breath, and looks Jimmy straight in the eye. "I'll cut to the chase here. I like long drives down the shoreline and just about anything deep fried if it's done right. I'm an Aquarius. My mom died when I was four and my dad went a little nuts because of it. I've got a GED and the fate of the universe on my shoulders. But I try my dam—” he catches himself, glancing around for little ears, “—darndest not to let my family down. Anything else?"
When he looks into the mirror, Dean sees the knowledge in his own eyes. His left shoulder is broad and bare. And there’s no evidence there was ever a handprint on it at all.
Dean reaches over and tugs gently at the edge of Cas’s suit. "Is that what's up with the angelwear, huh?" he teases, gently. The dryers and washers swish and rumble around them. "Man, this thing is like two sizes too big for you, what're you hiding under there?" Dean hasn’t met a lot of angels, but their clothes seem to mostly fit, and none of them rock the trench coat like Cas does.
He stills in the same way at the pressure of blanket over his feet, though, so Castiel doesn’t think too much of it--until Dean's hand shoots out and grabs his wrist.
they get to it, is gonna be a real bitch. It turns out though, that when he and Sam are actively working on the same side, they come up with pretty solid plans that are fairly easy to integrate.
Cas shudders, moans. The hand hovering over Dean's shoulder wraps around him and they roll again, Cas wedged perfectly against Dean's hips, his arms winding up framing Dean's head. No one ends up on the floor; this king bed thing is awesome. Cas hovers over Dean's lips, eyes almost all pupil. "You are the best kind of trouble, I think," he growls, and kisses Dean like he's more important than oxygen.
Dean sees Cas blink at being called 'son,' but otherwise doesn't make a big deal of it. Dean, on the other hand, sends Bobby a grateful look that the man has earned ten times over since Dean came home with his very own angel.
Sam lets out a sharp little whistle of breath, like he’s been holding his. “You’re saying that this might be wrong,” he says, flatly. “Even though everything else we’ve seen looks right?”
There’s nowhere to sit that doesn’t look like it might collapse under them, so they end up sitting on the floor, Castiel holding out his arm to Dean. Sam scouts around to make sure they don’t have any black-eyed company coming while Dean wraps the open cut carefully, holding Castiel's elbow still while he does it. Jimmy hovers. (Of course he does.)
Nick again? Also, what the—shit, the idea of sleeping with a lady who just lost her husband turns Dean’s stomach. He understands what that loss feels like just a little too well, and he's felt it for long enough now that the realization doesn't even freak him out anymore.
It's so automatic, the 'you an' me,' that the sound of the 'and' after it feels wrong for just a second. Dean doesn't know if that's him cutting himself off or if the breath just stops in his throat.
"To... hurt them, kill them?" Cas shakes his head. "Nothing we could get to. Not right now." Cas's eyes drop down to his hands. "I'll do it, of course."
Cas smiles ruefully. "Recovering. She doesn't like food much, but she'll eat it." He cocks his head. "Should she be involved in the... the summoning?" he muses.
The feeling of Cas's hand wrapping around his, the tension of his body as he holds himself up so they don't have to stop kissing, is two steps shy of glorious.
He waves 'good night' to Dean on his way to his room, cheerful enough despite the prospect of the night to come. Dean's smile from the morning, however, is nowhere in evidence now.
For some reason, that coaxes a tiny little smile to Dean's face. Jesus Christ, that suit really isn't flattering on him
Bobby and Dean chat about it a bit, weaving in and out of it and general bullshitting until there's an almost tentative knock on the front door. Bobby pulls back a heavy, dirty curtain to peer out the window, and looks back at Dean.
The soft, beautiful arc of Cas's mouth gains a little bit of true joy. "I hope so," he says, with a heart-twisting sincerity. "I try to be. But I'm sure—I'm very sure—it was because I met you, both of you, that I chose to fall. Because... some things were more important than the... 'Plan.'"
"Hey, hey," Dean says, and darts a kiss onto his cheek. "I told you. It’s fine. Forgiven." He nods towards his left shoulder. "Is that what... this thing's about?"
Dean loses time to the feeling of his finger sliding deeper and deeper into a hot, tight place and he can't quite put the idea that his cock is eventually going to follow out of his mind. In fact, it might be driving him a little crazy. If that doesn't do it, then Cas's uneven breathing and occasional hitch of hips
They get maybe a half hour to settle in and start to put together their game plan. It's late and Dean would rather face Denver in the early AM than the late PM. He and Sam are about to rock-paper-scissors for which of them gets the bed with the weird dip in the middle when wingbeats fill the air.
Dean numbs, cleans and sews the wound up. It's about a dozen stitches, more or less, and Dean works hard to keep them even and regular. Jimmy doesn't deserve a ragged, ugly scar; he wouldn't appreciate it the way Dean might.
Cas has a little more spring to his step, at least, and he's enthusiastically pointing out something on a piece of paper under glass that looks like it might be older than he is. Like, angel-him.
Jimmy backs away from her, so shocked he puts a hand on the edge of the cot to steady himself, and Dean recognizes a trick when he sees one. Pamela just pulled something from Jimmy to assert her authority over all things brain. Cheap trick, but powerful as hell. It shuts Jimmy up, which they kind of need.
When Dean wakes up again, he expects to see an endless blizzard outside the window, cold and swirling like the one in his sleep. He's shivering. It takes a few seconds for the lights of other cars, strobe flashing in the opposite direction along some main highway, to resolve into reality, instead of the uneven blanket of light a heavy snowstorm can create.
But the way Cas is looking at him now makes Dean feel more than a little naked—and maybe not exactly in the good way.
He cradles Cas's cock in his palm, bare skin to bare skin, and when he carefully presses it up against Cas's belly, it's warm and thick and alive in his hand.
This time, Cas laughs, and the little rumble of it feels like sunlight against Dean’s temple. "Shared bathroom wall, yes... no other shared walls." Dean can hear the smile in his voice when he says, "Do you know how many times I've dreamed of you in this bed?" Cas moves over just enough that his breath is curving over the helix of Dean's ear.  His calf tightens through Dean's, thigh, shifting, opening Cas up against him. "You asked me what I would do when I dreamed those dreams. When I woke up from them. Don't you want to know?"
Dean leans close. Maybe he should feel weird about feeling Cas up here in Bobby's house, but hell, Bobby gave them a bedroom. Besides, Cas is looking up at him so hopefully that Dean's not sure if he wants to grin back or just kiss the fuck out of him.
Cas licks his lips, but he nods. "It's... it's very intense," he admits. "But I like this. I like.... I like knowing it's you in me."
"Um, no," Sam says, even as Bobby steps forward and Dean prepares to test his gag reflex, because fucking
Dean's eyes are too busy crossing for a second to come up with a snappy retort. Neither of them is hard anymore, which is no shocker all things considered, but the press and scrape of those delicate sharp hipbones of Cas's against Dean's groin is... okay, there's something special there.
"Well," Dean says, twining their hands tighter. "Far as I'm concerned, you are the miracle twin, and I'm pretty sure Jimmy would back me on that one. You've got a damned good family." He feathers his thumb back and forth against a tense finger. "And I'm really glad you didn't become a priest. I mean, I ain't devout or anything, but I think I'd've felt kind of weird about that."
Dean shrugs, trying for casual so hard his teeth hurt. "Sounds like a hell of a bonus to me." He feels like he can see the end of this tunnel. There’s just barely a hint of an outline in the darkness, and Dean fights with all of his might not to take it and run.
"I like it," Cas tells him, like he knows what Dean's thinking. Dean's eyes almost cross when Cas does... something inside himself, an intentional little squeeze around their mingled fingers. "I like the feel of this, all of this, with you, and I know that, now." His nose crinkles in a saucy, satisfied grin. "Please resign yourself to quite a lot of nakedness in the future."
Sam tells Dean he'll fill him in back at their room, and hangs up. There's hooting in the background that cuts off when the call does. Okay then.
Sam's expression, already hesitant, goes sour and flat. "You want me to sit this out," he says, his voice going dangerous. "No."
Oh, like the asshole doesn't know that Dean's brain is leaking out of his ears right now just at the thought. When Dean hauls himself up and lies down behind Cas, it's partially because he's not really sure he's going to be able to hold himself up much longer, and partially because he’s so tempted to just sort of fall on the angel and try to lick him like a Tootsie Pop.
The bedroom is made smaller by the fact that there's boxes of books lining the walls. But there's a missing layer of dust that Dean knows for sure was there last time, and the bedding all looks well-worn, but clean. There's even two bedside tables squeezed in. Once upon a time, Dean imagines this was a guest room of sorts. He’s not sure he’s ever even seen the bed before.
Dean picks up another book on the near towering stack between them and sits, thigh pressed to thigh. Cas's quiet “Hmm” of acknowledgement loosens up something in Dean's chest.
For those counting at home: so far, boyos have failed to get out of all their clothing five times. -wink-
He doesn’t want to open his eyes; he wants to sleep. But his hands can’t stop from moving, feeling the empty hollow in the bed next to him.
Michael looks down at Adam's slender hands, wiggling the fingers like he’s feeling them out. "I thought that bringing him back to life would be adequate repayment for the temporary use of his body as a vessel,” he murmurs, frowning. “Was I incorrect?" He narrows his eyes a little. “No, Adam says that I’m correct.”
Sam's mouth curves in a half-smile before it droops downwards again. "You know. From here. What do you wanna do? With... with everything."
"Yeah." Dean rumbles and his voice seems to go through Castiel as well, where he's pushed up against Dean's body. "I'm still not awake enough for this."
When Dean shuffles closer, Castiel catches sight of that brand new forest green blanket thrown over his shoulder, draped over his hip and dangling past Dean’s knees.
Castiel looks up at the ceiling and asks himself, "I wonder if my father knew, when he created this world, the great many types of love that would come to be."
Dean straightens up with a little bottle in his hand that he found snuck into a corner of his duffel—sly angel snuck that fancy lube he had in his nightstand drawer in here, did he?—but he loses his smirk when he sees Cas is just looking at the wall, his expression serious and shaky.
"Also," Ruby chirps up from the open door, "before the demons get you. I don't think you appreciate how completely screwed we are."
"I didn't realize until my grace was running so low," Cas admits. "But whenever I touch you—or you touch me—I... feel it brighten again. All the more so when we're touching intimately." He pulls his head back to look Dean in the eyes from very close, that worried little crease appearing between his eyebrows. "I truly didn't know, the first few times. It took me a while to recognize it. And that's not—it's not why I—"
interesting. All that human soul wafting around you. You're right, you aren't a very good example of an angel, are you"
But it's also Castiel who wiggles a bit when the door slams closed, and mumbles, "Are there spicy pork rinds?"
The barn they're in is old, and from the still, musty smell in the air, it hasn't been used in so long that the hay bales have gone old and crackly. Good. The fewer human beings around for this shit, the better.
He kicks their asses without even breaking a sweat. Dean doesn’t have time for flashbacks or some sort of PTSD episode but fuck if forty years of his worst nightmare walking around in the real world, being casually violent—Dean’s worst nightmare attacking
Cas lays a gentle hand on his right shoulder. "I mean," he says slowly, "that while I do not trust her, that sort of power might be the only way to kill Lilith right now."
Amelia's the one who giggles. "So what you're saying, Dean, is Jimmy shouldn't visit Cassie at work?" she calls, through the open door of the kitchen.
EEEEEE. Ahem. Yes. More plot, but also gross gross romance and I am here for ALL OF IT. Like Tia said, this chapter had some of the things we were most looking forward to writing. It's also the longest chapter by far. Jeepers, it's a mystery.
Dean doesn't expect how it chokes him up, hearing Sam come to his defense like that—especially since Sam's still so clearly mad. Sam was always much better with the words than he was, and for years, it's been them against... well, everything.
There's something about watching someone getting dressed, though. Dean never thought that much about it, 'cause, well, before Cas, he was pretty much always the one picking up and going. Or, sometimes, he and whoever were both getting dressed at the same time, neither of them looking at each other, just sort of struggling into clothes. Watching Cas pull on fresh boxers, tuck himself into his slacks, do up his buttons? It looks like what a morning
"I dunno," Dean sighs. "Cas has a Ph.D. It was like two steps away from asking about my prospects and a fuckin’ dowry or something."
Crowley turns to Dean. "And just to cut to the chase, your soul has a very pretty angelic tramp stamp decorating it. Would probably invalidate the entire contract, or maybe blow someone up. Anyway, it's technically no longer yours to give away." He points his thumb at Cas. "Ditto for him, really. I'm actually not sure what he is, anymore, but whatever glue it is holding him together would gum up the works really good."
"I was a tactician and strategist in Heaven, once upon a time," Cas agrees. His lips curve into a warm smile. "This is one of my better ideas, though."
Dean stands up, but squints at him. "What happens if you can't, though?" he objects. "You're not gonna go, uh, poof or vanish or something, right?"
"I want to learn everything about you that I couldn't have possibly learned in dreams," Cas tells him, soft and slow. "I want to kiss you, taste you. I want to take you apart and put you back together. I want to tickle you and make you laugh." He smiles, pushes his hips up against Dean's again. "I want to see how your eyelashes flutter when you come."
Dean looks at Cas. They have a small argument without any words—Dean doesn’t like it, but he’ll hear him out; Cas doesn’t like it, but he’s not sure they have a choice—but in the end, Cas shrugs and nods. He disappears inside, and a few seconds later, Dean feels the prickle of the angel wards going down. "They're going back up as soon as you're gone,” he warns, “but maybe there’ll be a pass for good behavior if we like what we hear."
Dean narrows his eyes. "I don't see you in here in ten minutes, I'm coming after you." There's an underlying threat of "and I don't care if you're naked."
She knows him. Of course she knows him. That’s the kind of life Dean lives now. They’ve apparently met before, but Dean doesn't remember her; then she kisses him, and he pushes her away with an angry shudder. Fucking supernatural creatures and their consent issues. He’s so mad it takes him a few seconds to realize she’s no longer a stranger.
"Oh," Cas murmurs, meeting Dean's eyes. "I thought... it's supposed to be easier, on hands and knees. That’s how I did it before. But..."
Bobby gets started on the devil's trap while Cas paints on a few runes here and there. Mostly for structural integrity and some general safety. At least, that's what Dean overhears when Sam asks, and Cas explains.
This, he gets. The stakes are really fucking high, yeah, but in some ways? This is just another hunt. Just another monster trap. And that, Dean knows how to do.
Cas nods. "The appropriate display of force needed to convince her stretched my limitations, but I didn't actually use much power. That was more... skill difficulty than battery consumption." He says it like he believes it, even though his face is more grey than pink right now.
Bobby comes running in, slamming the door open soon enough he must have been just behind it, and crashes right into Dean's back. Probably because Dean screaming and running away from something that scares the shit out of him doesn't happen. He's more likely to be running towards it.
Bobby leans against the nearest wall, eyes unmoving. Staring. Assessing. "See, funny thing is, a couple hours after I got a call from you about your brother needing to dry out ‘cause he’s juicin’ up on demon bullshit? I got one from Sam, telling me practically the same thing. About you."
"Yeah," Dean sighs, his voice quiet. He's not ashamed of how he lives, but he knows how this is gonna sound. "Well, sort of. Never been charged for it, but... yeah. Had this FBI guy after us for a bit, too." He looks down at the newspaper. "Good guy, Henricksen."
Cas doesn't look nervous, though. He arches an eyebrow in that little sassy-as-fuck 'well?' expression he's gotten so good at, and smiles. "Just go slow," he says. He lets out a low, pleased noise as Dean eases a little lower, and presses. He doesn't think he's there, he's just sort of slipping back and forth against that warm stretch of Cas’s perineum, but they know that feels good. "A little, little furth—ah."
Dean chuckles, shakily, eyes still closed as Cas keeps touching along the handprint. Even though it's covered up by Dean's t-shirt, Cas seems to know exactly where the edges are. Cas’s finger skirts along the edge of the palm, dips between the finger marks curved over the bone. God, that's nice.
But Cas's eyes are on their hands. When their fingers slide together, interlocking—not just those measly, tiny little brushes of the pads of their fingers—Cas is the one who sighs, softly, "Oh." Skin tangles against skin, and it feels like so much more than it should.
Cas looks up from what he's doing, dazed and pupils blown, hips still shifting a little. "Yes." He nods, just a hair frantically, and Dean feels a sliver of relief that he's not the only one deliciously overwhelmed. "Yes, that is an excellent idea."
"Every time I touch you, I... remember," he says, and the warm rill of his voice sends a shiver down Dean's spine. Or maybe that's the small smile that winks up at the corners.
As he washes his hands, his reflection in the cracked mirror is colorless. His lips are grey. He doesn’t think it’s just the incredibly harsh, shitty lighting.
Cas grins, and just like that, Dean's soul is lighter, and Hell's grip on him loosens its sticky, wet fingers. "Easy as pie. And I know you like pie."
Dean clears his throat. He then tips back his head and pours the rest of the beer down it. When he lowers the bottle, Bobby's giving him a look that might, on someone else, even be worried. "It's, uh..." he worries at the ring, and thinks of the soft clink of Cas's against it before he heaves out a long breath. "It's Castiel."
With the kind of place this is, Dean's surprised the guy hasn't been run off already. Tough gig. He flashes his teeth. "Oh, yeah. Been to Hell and back."
Like the way Dean curls towards him, like a plant to sun. Just sort of softly leaning into Castiel before he knows it's happening. Totally relaxed and asleep, a heavy and trusting weight. It’s almost as comforting as the blanket.
Cas starts to leave less and less, and every time he comes back he seems a little bit more worn-down. But the one thing he always zaps off for is to powow with other friendly angels... probably to make sure that they don’t get led back to Dean and Sam if they turn out to not be that friendly.
Cas smiles at him, softly, sweet. He's wearing Dean's flannel again. "Whatever you're going to ask," he says, "the answer's going to be 'yes.'"
Cas downs his in one go, but there's a flush that creeps up his neck and cheeks nearly immediately. Dean eyes him curiously. He shrugs. "The wards. In order to be inside of them, my grace is suppressed. It's a bit like what happens when I’m close to you, only on a grander scale."
Dean talks about Sam—about how he was just the funniest, nerdiest, smartest little kid. He talks about growing up in one motel room after another. He tells Cas how he learned which diners have the best pie, and how to charm waitresses. He talks about how much he loves shooting pool—and he does, though it's even better when he's got an asshole who needs taking down. He talks about how it felt, knowing that his dad gave up his life for him.
Cas's fingers brush his temples, his hairline, ruffle through the swirl at the top of his head. They tighten a little when Dean tries the first few careful, tentative motions up and down. Dean wraps his hand around the base to hold it up for his mouth, and that kind of helps—on the next bob, Cas tucks deeper against the back of his tongue. Okay, that does feel really strange, but it's not bad at all.
Dean claps his mouth shut. He doesn't get anywhere near the good stuff on a regular basis and usually Bobby's stingier with it, he's not ruining his chance.
Sam shows up right on time, which makes Dean suspect he was parked around the corner waiting for the clock to tick over. The first thing they do is hug. Dean misses his baby brother more than he can say. It's been difficult just being away from each other, even though they both sort of admitted it's probably a good idea. Cas gets the next hug, Sam practically engulfing him with his ginormous arms.
you to know that prayer isn’t only heard by the angel that you are speaking to.  The entire Host witnessed your ‘conversation’ with me last night!”
Something in Castiel shifted and the intent of the song became clear to him.  He felt his eyebrows lift.  He couldn’t seem to tear his gaze away from his friend’s face because something had shifted there.  The hunter’s gaze was calm but focused, never moving from Castiel’s eyes now, never flitting back to the page.
“Why?” the angel persisted, unable to let the issue drop, though why he felt so determined to argue, Castiel couldn’t be entirely sure.
– that he hears the real Cas and that the angel is in much the same state as Dean.  The knowledge that somewhere out there in the world, the angel is watching a panoramic view of Dean fucking him senseless in the back of a car and the sight drives Cas out of his mind with lust.  Jut the idea of that unravels Dean completely.
Castiel waved his hand across both his body and Dean’s, removing any traces of their activity, before resituating his clothing and rolling to his side to watch as Dean replaced his own.
And if, when he settled back down against his coat, Dean chest loosened while listening to the slow, even breathing of his friend as the angel lay next to him, well, it was just because he felt safer when they can protect each other.  Maybe he did feel a little thrill in his muscles when he realized that the heat from Cas’s body radiated all along his left side, where their bodies are almost close enough to touch.   And maybe Dean’s arms fell to his side after a moment, and maybe that caused his left hand to cover Cas’s right as it rested on the ground next to him; Dean was just getting comfortable.  And if his fingers happened to slip into the gaps between Cas’s when the angel moved his hand underneath Dean’s, it was obviously a complete coincidence.  And okay, maybe Dean curled his fingers gently around the smooth digits in between his, and smiling a little when the angel’s fingers clasped his as well.  Dean was just making up for lost time.
Sam.  With an N, not an F.  Although…” he says leadingly and then barks a laugh again.  “Look, this isn’t a good time, but I’ll definitely call you back later, okay?”  His brother’s lips turn up in a fond smile.  “Good to hear from you, kid.  Go get some sleep.
When Cas employs his teeth in the process again, Dean can’t take it anymore.  He drops his arms from above him and arches off the wall, threading his fingers into Cas’s hair and clutching hard.  Cas allows that for, oh, about a millisecond before he pulls back and scowls.
Another couple more discarded videos go by before Dean starts to realize there’s a pattern to what catches his interest.  Not that he’d admit it out loud, but it seems like he has a bit of a kink for authority figures.  Huh, go figure.  The idea teases a grin out of Dean considering that he’s usually a sarcastic dick to actual authority figures while
Cas gave him a flat stare.  “Interesting choice of words considering the action you were discussing perpetrating upon
acted on it, anyhow.  Cas would follow any direction Dean made, agree to any request he asked for instantly and enthusiastically but he never made any demands of his own.  The angel always reacted to Dean with an eagerness that, frankly, was really bad for Dean’s ego but the hunter couldn’t help but be surprised that he never took any initiative.  Cas had never pulled punches with Dean, hadn’t spared Dean his honest and harsh opinion when they were at odds, so the fact that Cas seemed to be meekly following wherever Dean led had him a bit worried.  The more he thought about it, the more Dean felt uneasy about it.  Cas’s obviously trumped-up stories about his sex life with Daphne left Dean more than a little anxious that the angel had agreed to sex simply because he was too inexperienced to know when to say no.  As much as Dean dreaded having to jump feet first into what was sure to be the most awkward conversation of his life, he knew he had to sideline the angel for a talk.
"How the hell else would I be here, Bobby? I ain't exactly on good terms with anyone, guy like me..." Dean rolls his fingers into a fist. "Bobby, I gotta find him, I gotta know if he made a deal."
"Might damn well be. We've been sittin' here for what an hour and a half. Starting to think your little buddy don't like you as much as you thought." Dean mock-laughs, right before a thunderous sound surrounds the barn.
"Because God commanded it," Castiel's expression goes from confused to scary real quick. "Because we have work to do."
"Who knows? Said he had business to handle," Bobby shrugs. Let's load up the rock-salt and get moving."
fun fact: this chapter was originally part of a series I was going to write called "what if iconic deancas scenes were written from cas' pov like 'the man who would be king'?" but I never got around to it.
Dean raises his voice, "You get the point, Sam! We don't know what got me out of hell, and now, just like everyone else that's tried to help any of us, Pam got hurt in the process!"
Dean Winchester, righteous man, sent to Hell after making a deal to save his brother, then I was sent to save him.
"What's the matter?" Castiel asks. It clicks a second later. He realizes. "You don't think you deserve to be saved."
"Maybe?" Dean sighs. "I hadn't seen anything like this before, man. There were these lights, and this high pitched ringing. Never seen any kind of demon like this, Sammy. Earlier, I stopped by this gas station, and I heard that ringing again," Dean looks at Bobby, "and then suddenly all the windows broke, and the radios went full staticky."
"I'm the one who gripped you tight, and raised you from perdition," the man's voice is gruff. Oddly gentle, but gruff.
Dean walks up to Singer Auto, and exhales. Bobby's home—his home, a place with good memories, to replace the ones hell gave him. He knocks at Bobby's door and sees his father looking at him.
"The ringing, and the screamin' and the fucking melting brains, Sammy? I don't know what this is, and frankly I'm pissed the fuck off." Dean says back at the motel.
I returned to heaven, only to be summoned. A human being demanding I show myself. I tried to warn her my true form would be too blinding to see. If Dean wasn't able to hear me communicating, I had no doubt she'd be blinded if she tried to see me. I told her my name, but the demands persisted. Eventually, I gave in, and showed her my true form. I imagine my form must have left her without sight, as contact was lost.
"I can tell you're avoiding talking about 'down yonder,' so I won't ask until you feel like you're going to tell. Dean, if you feel like this is something you need to do. Then I won't hold you back. There's a barn out a few miles that other hunters have used for summonings and so-on. We'll face this thing together."
Admittedly, I didn't return to Heaven immediately. I attempted to communicate with Dean, though I couldn't get through to him. The only messages that got through to Dean were broken windows, and broken radios. I thought he would be one of the special human beings able to hear my true voice—I was wrong, I suppose.
"This is your problem, Dean. You have no faith." Dean didn't want to accept, to believe that he was worthy of being rescued by an Angel, or rescued at all. I needed him to believe in me, believe he was worthy, because we had work to do.
It was only a matter of time before Dean himself summoned me. That's when I found myself in an abandoned barn. I returned myself to Jimmy Novak's vessel, to avoid having Dean blinded, and I walked up to him. Lights broke at my presence, and Dean, and this other man began shooting at me. They should've known that wouldn't exactly hurt me, it only put holes in my vessel's overcoat.
"Think I might know someone who can help." Bobby offers. Sam and Dean look at him, "I know this psychic, Pam. She might figure out what happened to Dean in hell. She's a whiles out, though, so we best get on the road."
"Yeah, thanks for that." Dean's face falls when he realizes his blade did nothing to the man. What the fuck was this thing? The man smirks as he pulls the blade from his chest. He looks kinda hot, Dean thinks.
"I don't buy what you sell. Who are you?" Dean asks for the third time. Castiel cocks his head to the side.
"I need to know what saved me from Hell, Bobby. You don't know what it was like down there," Dean's eyes shine, on the brink of filling with tears, he swallows. "A creature saving me from a place like that don't come free. I need to speak with this thing. Personally."
Dean knows Sam's probably having the fright of his life, expecting pizza, and getting his dead older brother, who's apparently not dead, and all.
Castiel levered himself up on his forearms to glare at Dean.  Narrowing his eyes to a squint, he said flatly, “I wasn’t aware that giving a lover vocal encouragement was frowned upon.”
"She's heard plenty about you from Jody and Claire, I guess.  And your dynamic with Dean.  More specifically, whether you’d just get fed up with all the tension and have sex with Dean eventually.”
Dean’s heart leapt into his nose and then dropped into his stomach and his fist tightened around the frets on the neck.  He hadn’t really ever meant for Cas – or anyone, for that matter – to know the song existed let alone
