There was nothing to do but to go, although it was the last thing he wanted. When Crowley called, you better came, or there were consequences. Granted, he probably couldn’t hurt Castiel, but he could make life for him very uncomfortable indeed – he was a demon, after all.
“If you ask me, he’s feeling a bit under the weather.”
Yes, he was attracted to Dean.
What a strange day it had turned out to be.
He nodded, his eyes alite wit happiness, so very different from the angel Dean had met just a few months ago.
“That’s good, then.” Somehow, it was difficult to find the words to express just how much Cas and their life together meant to him.
Dean, probably because he hadn’t been around long enough to remember him waltzing into the city like he owned the place, had always been one of those who got along well with Crowley. Really, he quite liked the demon, although he would never have told him that to his face, his ego was quite big enough as it was; and so, he greeted him amicably enough.
“You’ll understand when you’re older.”
He kissed him lightly. “Morning, sunshine. Merry Christmas.”
“Dean? Dean!? Where are you?”
“Thanks to us” he corrected him as always when he tried to act like it had all been Dean’s doing.
“I know what he looked like Sam deadpanned.
Despite everything, Crowley cared deeply for Hollowground and its citizens, Castiel had been aware of that for a while now.
“I have never seen something like this. I have heard about it, of course, but still…”
The longer the rant continued, the more Dean’s heart sank.
Dean could have pointed out that Crowley came from hell, but what for? Maybe he was right, and it was after all Cas’ home that was on the line. He deserved to know.
Just like that.
He’d been wondering what to get Cas for Christmas for a while. After all, the guy was an angel; what could he need?
“So what do we do?”
Cas hesitated for a moment, then reached out and stroked his cheek. “Five hours twenty-three minutes and forty-eight seconds.”
“I made him! I had the right!”
“Exactly. He’s my best friend – more like a little brother, really, you know, he’s the only other magically crafted human in town, so it just feels right…”
“I think he needs a bit of a distraction. Doesn’t do anyone any good, being cooped up” Crowley continued.
Sam had been created like Dean, albeit not out of thin air, and golems tended to be on the large side, which explained his nickname Sasquatch amongst the inhabitants of the town.
“And? What do you say to this new magical surge?”
“I don’t understand.”
Thankfully, a new text arrived.
Man. “And you’ve been here all the time?”
Crowley greeted them both cordially enough, although Dean couldn’t help but feel that he was a little warmer towards him than John. “There you are. My second limousine has been acting up.”
“No one?”
Dean said a silent prayer of thanks that Cas was nowhere near his home at the moment – if he knew something about hi- about the angel, then it was that he wouldn’t hesitated to throw himself in harm’s way if it meant saving the city, and a magical –
Dean, bringing out the good in a demon.
He apparently startled him out of some kind of reflection, for the angel jumped ever so slightly, his wings mirroring the motion just a second later. “Dean.”
“Don’t get John’s problem, really… well, we all have our faults.”
Sometimes Dean wondered why Crowley had decided to become the mayor of Hollowground, of all things. He doubtlessly could have become a rich business guy, or perhaps go into crossroads; he’d have taken over every available one at the end of the year, he was ready to bet. Still – it all worked for them.
It was full enough that Ellen and Joe were rather busy. It was the later who came to take his order.
Dean had seen him.
Somehow, he already knew when he watched Cas’ face fall that he didn’t want to hear the answer to his inquiry.
If the later – again, he couldn’t.
It sounded too good to be true, as if Dean couldn’t actually be that lucky.
“John Winchester’s been tearing through the city again” he suddenly said, surprising Castiel.
“Yeah, well, still…”
“Dean, where have you –“ his eyes widened as he saw their group and realized that he and Cas were holding hands. “Was is this?”
How often had he tried pointing out to him that three years as an adult familiar were very different from three years as a human child? He’d certainly never needed to be potty-trained, and he’d been able to cook better than John himself from day one, which was why he usually prepared their meals, these days.
“Crowley. Can’t understand why anyone would forego the simple comforts in life – or
Having read the book – and found it quite disturbing, like many results of the human imagination – a few years ago, Castiel said, “Wouldn’t it be more appropriate to call Sam that?”
Dean was starting to think that he might not have to do that, really.
Silence fell, and he wondered what he should do. Technically, he was supposed to be fixing the car, but a. he
He was on cloud freaking nine. Cas found him attractive, at the very least, and who knew what could happen? “Good day, that’s all.”
Alright, Dean didn’t care much for that expression.
“Thanks, Bobby” he said again.
He stared at his phone. With anyone else, he would have assumed that they were flirting by asking if he was; but this was Cas, and he was most likely asking because he didn’t know.
“Yeah, you know, your cell phone number.”
Cas’ warm arms wrapped around his waist. “It looks beautiful.”
This was nothing.
Who wouldn’t.
If he ever prayed, he didn’t do it in a way Castiel could hear, and that was fine by him. No one owed him anything just because he had chosen the town as his own. That wasn’t how it worked.
And yet, he had felt… uneasy for the past few years. Yes, he was meant to protect. Yes, he was meant to watch. Yes, he was meant to be content in fulfilling the purpose God herself had created him for.
The next few days passed quickly, even though he didn’t hear form or see Dean – as a matter of fact, Sam let him know why one day on the street, coming up to talk to him and confirming that John had been rather put out by Dean going to the bar and that Dean felt he should behave by John’s standards.
Crowley shook his head, “Neither do I, and that’s what worries me. Between us, we should be able to tell where it’s coming from and whatever who is controlling it wants – because that’s for certain, it definitely isn’t developing naturally.”
And so, they went looking for him, only to find him at the bottom of the hill, coming up.
Dean. The human familiar without any powers or even a last name. He supposed he could have taken on John’s, but everyone in town just called him Dean and Sam Sam.
That said, a bit of an untypical angel at that. He always wore a trench coat, for one thing, and rather than spend time with the townsfolk, he lived in an abandoned tower at the outskirts of their place.
“Good. That’s all then, Dean; come on.”
“Really. So that nice little breach between this world and the next that was next to Cas’ tower was just what? Coincidence?”
What surprised Dean about it all wasn’t that was every so slightly worried that he wouldn’t return after all – even though he knew Cas would never abandon Hollowground in its time of need, and hopefully wouldn’t just leave Dean, either, but how much he wished he had followed Crowley’s advice and kissed him, despite both the demon and Sammy looking on. They had yet to touch more than fleetingly, accidentally; Cas had certainly never reached out to him; and yet Dean could tell it wasn’t for lack of wanting.
“I am glad.” His wings wrapped around him. “I’m happy too.”
Not that he hadn’t tried. But no matter how many rituals, Dean had never been able to help out with even the most rudimentary spell.
Dean thought it wasn’t difficult to see why.
“Care to join me? Get out of your high tower?”
He'd never been so near them, thigh; only the street separated them.
Cas seemed surprised to see him. “Dean? Is everything alright?”
This wasn’t normal magic, but neither was it completely malicious. It was difficult to describe.
“Now wait a moment –“
“Hello, Mrs. Leeds.”
Crowley snorted. “No; guy just has a problem with free will, especially when it comes to his own creation. Trust him to figure out how to make a familiar in human form and then end up with a normal guy without any powers – not that Dean’s not pretty to look at, mind.”
And he was certain, absolutely certain, that Cas felt the same way.
He’d hardly have understood if Dean told him about Cas, but on the other hand…
It was Christmas indeed.
When he came to, the first thing he heard was someone ranting.
“Right, right, the decorum or whatever you wish to call it. Well then.”
“Ah, Squirrel, Squirrel, Squirrel, you will have to let me keep my secrets.”
Maybe, in another city but Hollowground, they would have looked and laughed at him; then again, he was talking to a demon and a golem, so maybe not.
But really, why was he already wondering about that? So far, Dean and Castiel were friends at most, nothing else; there was nothing to fear right now.
Cas though – Cas was interested in what he had to say, and enthusiastic about trying out new things, and he’d never considered Dean a lesser being just because he happened to be a familiar without magic.
“You would?”
“Hm, Squirrel?”
“No, wait a second –“
“Okay. Alright. You met your gorgeous crush and talked –“
“My number?”
“No one else would like to sit with me” he shrugged.
Yes, he did.
Dean sat up.
It was the first time Castiel had ever allowed himself to think about leaving Hollowground. He knew it was wrong, of course; he had chosen to look after the city; and yet – and yet.
(Maybe, Dean thought, eventually it wouldn’t be. There were adoption agencies, and there was magic, were there not? Maybe on me day… But one step at a time).
“Cas?”
“I do. Anyway, what do you think of him?”
“So what do you like to do, Cas?” was the first question Dean put to him.
He looked at Crowley, then at Cas. “Guess we’re doing this.”
Crowley rolled his eyes. “I meant in that regard. He’d be the last person to be angry at me for saying it.”
“Actually, I should tell you to get back to your wizard” she scolded him as usual; but since she also immediately served him, he knew there was no danger of her alerting John.
“I liked holding you.”
He let his eyes wander over the crowd. Most of these people he knew personally, others not; but that didn’t matter, he cared for them all equally, he told himself, even if he couldn’t approve of some of their behaviour – John came to mind, but thankfully, he wasn’t there today.
What – why exactly was he staying here?
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Dean is
“Hello, Dean” he finally said after they had stared for each other for a rather large amount of time (at least he thought so. He wasn’t quite sure about the right social etiquette when it came to things like this).
“You could pray or…” Cas paused then said, “I suppose I could get a cell phone.”
Dean nodded. “Well, he’s a bastard, but a good guy underneath it all. There’s nothing much wrong with this car. If you ask me, he did it himself.”
Sam had been called in by Joe as well and had alerted Bobby, just so they could ensure no one would do something stupid like alerting
How curious.
Although he had no idea why.
He didn’t even turn around. At the beginning, he had thought Crowley had been making fun of his feathers, like his brothers and sisters; however, he’d quickly learned that the demon simply gave everyone a nickname to use when he was feeling mischievous.
Truth was, they were both so very new to this – he didn’t think Cas had ever wanted anyone (and he didn’t say that because he thought so much of himself, but because – well, Heaven simply didn’t work like earth in that regard) and Dean…
“Why should I?”
He didn’t want to stay in this house, where John had kept him so he might die to save his wife.
Things with John had never truly been domestic, for the simple reason that, for all his talk about being his father, he didn’t really treat him like a parent – as Dean had quickly realized when he had found the time to observe Ellen and Joe and how close they were. John rarely, if ever, shared his innermost thoughts with him, or talked about his plans for the future; nor did he ever seem very interested in Dean’s own, but that wasn’t to be expected anyway, not when he didn’t want him to even contemplate leaving the house.
(and it was never a good sign when Crowley was unsure what was going on, he had learned that pretty early in his existence) sounded like something dangerous.
He opened his eyes; the world was spinning, at least he thought so for a second until he realized no, that was just him.
“Magic. I know. You’ve made several allusions to it during our talks, our time spent together.”
“Thank you” he said honestly.
He hadn’t told Sam, or Bobby, or even Cas.
“But – they had to know that that was dangerous!”
Dean had heard parents tell their children that and wondered if it had ever worked in the history of humanity.
Somewhat ironic that Bobby had tried his hands at creating a golem so that he could help at the scrap yard, and Dean being the one far more interested in cars. He reminded himself to go visit him soon.
“No thank you”.
Oh my God, he actually said it. Dean himself, who had, as established, little experience when it came to relationships, still knew that this wasn’t normal – at least not in the beginning, because folks tended to make things needlessly complicated.
“Yes, him.”
“Yes, isn’t it? The course of true love… how mysterious.”
“I won’t.”
“Angels can’t get sick” Sam said immediately.
Well, he had met Cas. Granted, probably with a little help from Crowley, but it was worth it.
“Fine. But what do you plan on doing now?”
“Nah, he’s busy.”
First of all, there was Ellen, who was seizing them up with a motherly sort of concern. “Do you think –“
“What’s going on?” he aske immediately when he saw Sam and Crowley next to him.
Castiel decided that he liked it best when Dean grinned, then wondered why. Certainly, he liked quite a few of the inhabitants of Hollowground, but none so well as Dean, even though they had only known each other for a very short time.
He rolled his eyes. “If you say so.”
Castiel had only ever seen John Winchester’s son – for as such he had chosen to refer to Dean, to his credit, he had always thought – from afar, but he would certainly agree that he had seemed aesthetically pleasing.
“You really shouldn’t –“ Sam tried.
Well, except for Bobby Singer, who had come around to ask if he needed anything – a strange enough occurrence, since normally people asked Castiel for things, instead of the other way around. He had assured him that everything was well.
“Well, Dean, what do you say?”
“You have to woo him, of course” Crowley was telling him, grinning brightly. “Flowers, chocolate, the whole nine yards. Dean won’t be able tor resist you. Or, you know, you could bring him some nuts, for his Squirrel cheeks.”
“Yeah, and danger is my middle name. Just ask John.”
He wasn’t quite sure that interesting was the right word.
Well, that did make him smile.
Only later would Castiel ask himself why Crowley was so enthusiastic about the prospect.
He cleared his throat. “So, Cas, I got you a present.”
“Whoever closes the gap – they – they won’t make it. If we had an amplifier, someone who could bundle the magic involved –“
And, as it turned out, Dean was very handsome indeed.
“If you can’t listen to orders” his voice rang out “You’ll have to be taught.”
Dean laughed; he couldn’t help it. “That sounds like Crowley alright. Calls me Squirrel and Sammy Moose. You know Sam?”
“Huh. Neat.”
“Yes.”
They’d get together with Sam, Bobby and Crowley later at Ellen’s, they had decided, but Christmas morning was just for them.
“Now wait a moment –“
As soon as the first chords of music drifted through the air, he held out his hand to Cas. “May I have this dance?”
Like Dean, he was very thankful to his creator, and it pained him that he couldn’t help him more.
“I now. All my life, I’ve –“ he stopped because it sounded ridiculous even to his own ears. He hadn’t been alive for more than three years now but they seemed to get it.
Damn right. Dean was dating an angel. They should be.
“Yeah, you told me you saw him up close, but you never told me he’s… gorgeous.”
He was just passing Singer’s – he quite liked Bobby, even if the mechanic could be a bit rough around the edges – when the door opened and two young men stumbled out, jostling each other and laughing.
He’d taken care to wear his best shirt and jeans, and quickly made his way to the bar. It was, as he had expected, full of life, and he felt his heart beating faster. In truth, he’d wanted to come out on such an evening for quite a while now. Screw John; he was going to have fun tonight, no matter what.
Dean had often wished that he could redecorate the house a little, make it seem more like he lived there as well, but all he had was the small room he’d at least been allowed to fill with his records and books.
Because as soon as they arrived – Sam had come with, of course – Crowley cursed. “If I find the fool who did this to my city, I am going to tear him apart with my own hands.”
“I do; I have many siblings.”
His pictures, he kept on his phone, which he in turn always carried around with him. Wouldn’t have wanted John to find the snapshots, and he was ready to bet he went through his stuff regularly as it was.
“These” he told him “Make me very happy.”
It was all rather wonderful, all things considered.
As could Crowley, of course, but that was something else.
“Me too!” Joe declared. “Fight you for being best man, Sam?”
Cas, who, by the looks of it, was currently trying to ascertain what similarities Dean shared with a small furry animal who liked to hop around trees, nodded. “Yes. The golem Bobby Singer created.”
“There is no City Council.”
“What gave it away” Sam bean, but Dean interrupted him.
It would have been a pity if he had, though, he had to admit that.
“I’m very happy for you” Sam told him, smiling brightly.
But Crowley had already complied, and they were alone.
“Oh, it was actually quite fun. It was about two months after John had created Dean – no one knew he even existed at the time, he kept it all a secret – and I was just getting out of my limousine when a certain someone, who had just managed to sneak out for the first time, exclaimed, “This is amazing!” Strangely enough, he meant the car, not yours truly. I got curious – normally, adults don’t show their enthusiasm that openly; but of course he didn’t have any experience with society yet. So we got to talking until, John came to drag him home.”
“You don’t have a boyfriend. You are much too young –“
He quickly started talking – so quickly that Castiel needed a moment to realize he was quoting the book.
So why did he feel so unsatisfied with his lot?
Still; some things had to be done, even if they were things he didn’t really want to do in the first place.
“The day I met Cas… awfully convenient he should be there too, and that you kept John busy.”
Cas was still holding his hand.
Yet – he’d had that with his siblings, and he’d rather left heaven than stay with them. And he wouldn’t mind talking to Dean some more. Maybe Dean came to Ellen’s now and then. Then they could sit at a table in the dark, and speak of…
Dean blushed from head to toe, causing Sam to snigger.
Maybe he could stay with Sammy for a while… and Bobby and Ellen certainly would offer him a place as well… hell, Crowley was perhaps ready to…
As soon as he was home, he skipped to his room. Some things couldn’t wait.
“Is everything alright?” Yes, he couldn’t take care of every problem, but if a blessing could help…
He didn’t stop to greet anyone, simply made a beeline for Cas’ booth and slid into the seat opposite the angel. “Heya, Cas.”
“Don’t mention it.”
“Maseltov.”
And then, Crowley was backing him up against the wall. “No one has a right to those they create, through natural or magical means” he hissed and Dean knew there as a story there he might hear one day.
ever since Cas disappeared” Sam supplied unhelpfully.
He took a deep breath. “I’ll pack.”
“I do not own a cell phone.”
“Well, then use me!”
Sam came over to pull both of them into hugs, grinning brightly. “Wasn’t sure you two wouldn’t hide in a corner so you could be alone.”
He stepped aside.
He tilted his head to the side to study him properly. “You seem fully grown to me. Is there some human life stage that I am not familiar with?”
Cas smiled at him.
She nodded. “Can’t be easy, with yours schedules.”
A pause.
“I’ve got all of you, apparently.”
to know how to do this, to practise it. He was, after all, a magical being. He had been created to use magic, to amplify it, to help other magic users. To eb able to feel and use it. To make the most of the gifts nature had granted them. It was at the core of his very soul.
Yet that was just the point, wasn’t it. He wasn’t like other angels, and he wasn’t like humans, and he wasn’t like creatures. He was just himself, Castiel, and he wasn’t even very good at that. Forever alone because of that very fact.
“He’s… been very kind.”
“You’ve got Cas.”
Crowley seemed to finally have realized what was going on, although sadly, it wasn’t good news by any stretch of the imagination.
“Then why’d you leave?” It had been a mystery to Dean for a while – why some angels would go to earth and become guardians, and others were happy staying in Heaven, far away from anything that wasn’t celestial; weren’t they curious? But maybe he was just projecting – he was, after all, very curious himself.
“Really, Feathers, you’re no fun. And Dean came first, so he’s got seniority.”
“Neither of us will be the bride, Crowley” Cas pointed out.
But as they started bickering, Dean looked around the room and thought that so many people he loved were together, and that they loved him in return; and that he had Cas, and Cas had him, and that was how it always would be.
This couldn’t be.
He was trying to figure out how to save the conversation when he heard Crowley announce “Well then, let’s see what your boy has been up to…”
“Great. And please do keep my appraised of any developments.”
“How did you meet?” Castel asked, finding himself interested in something for the first time in a long time. Crowley and Dean… they obviously liked each other, an it just seemed so strange to him. Dean was very human, very likeable, extremely polite and nice, and obviously had a good heart; Crowley was a demon who had decided to become mayor on a whim and ever since held a firm grip on local politics, who probably didn’t care about being nice or polite in any way, shape, or form.
He didn’t – that as the whole point – but he’d not known Crowley for years only to humour him now.
Well, wasn’t that vague. And slightly depressing, considering all thing. “The people here are certainly glad we have you” he said because it was true. “Our very own guardian angel. One of the first things I heard I ever left the house.”
“No they’re not” Den said quietly, remembering something he had once read. “Really magical grimoires… they belong to themselves and those who are fortunate enough that they give themselves to the,”. His eyes strayed to the pictures on the fireplace – how often had he wondered if his would stand there one day? “It was all for her, wasn’t it: For Mary.”
“We’re fine.”
A pause.
In fact, he’d come to stand beside him. “I see you’ve met our local Pinocchio.”
He sighed and once more tried to fix the car.
“Sammy, I met Cas!!!”
He resisted the urge to roll his eyes.
And really, if the angel was what or rather who Dean wanted…
“Of course he’s at Ellen’s, but John won’t even have the idea to look for him there. Too stubborn to admit he didn’t create a kid but a fully grown adult, you see.”
His face lit up. “Dean!”
“No” Sam sighed “And to be honest, that makes it worse.”
He’d enveloped him in his wings again and Dean couldn’t help but smile as he turned around to face him. “Hey. How long was I out?”
Unexpectedly, Dean chuckled, and he decided that it was a very pleasing sound. “Relax, was just a joke. Certainly acts like it a lot, doesn’t he?”
“Sorry Squirrel.”
“I don’t think that’s actually –“
“So you call that smiling? Seems to me you haven’t learned much then, living between humans and creatures.”
Disloyal, he was very well aware that he was being disloyal. But he couldn’t help it.
“Forget about it; a city with a guardian angel is safer than one without one, and I’d rather live in a safe town.”
Suddenly, Cas appeared again.
And he had no one to talk to about it. Yes, the people respected him and he believed that, as far as guardian angels went, he was well-liked enough, mostly because he did his job; but he wouldn’t have called any of them his friends…
“Sorry, Sammy, but I know who’s behind all of this”. He turned to Crowley. “I – when we – closed the gap – I felt –“ he paused or a moment, and Crowley uncharacteristically allowed him to calm himself before he pronounced, “John. That was John’s magic, I am sure of it.”
What a contradictory bunch humans were, Castiel thought. “So – do you need anything?” he finally settled on his usual question when he didn’t understand them.
In a way, they were quite similar, Castiel reflected as he gazed upon Crowley. They hands both left the realms they originally belonged in, although Crowley must have done so with far more enthusiasm and panache Castiel had been able to muster; he hadn’t been back to Hell in years, claiming this world was much more fun, and having all the comforts he could possibly want at home.
“Yeah, sure, just wanted to visit you, is all”. He held up the bag he’d stopped at Ellen’s bar for. “Have you ever had one of Ellen’s burgers?”
Add to that the other temptations – being able to go when and where he liked, do what he wanted; see Sam and his other friends whenever he chose to; never having to answer question upon question when returning home…
“Hey, Feathers, look what I brought you” Crowley had, as usual, not bothered to let him know he’d come, instead materializing in his tower. He held out a small box.
Sleep came.
This was also the attitude of most other patrons of the bar that evening. Dean was well-liked – really rather more than John, although no one said so out loud – and seeing him happy was a treat for many. And Castiel… well, he was a little strange, but he was their guardian angel, so they were eager to see him happy as well.
“That’s good then” he breathed and dragged him into a kiss.
That wasn’t exactly an answer.
Castiel suddenly found himself wondering if Dean ever saw any of that money he obviously helped John to earn, and feared that he didn’t; and then he wondered why he cares so much. Of course he cared about all the inhabitants of Hollowground, that as what he was there for, his reason for being, in a way; but he very much specifically cared about Dean and whether or not John treated him as an equal, and that was… strange.
Still, eventually, he’d settled on one thing.
“No?” he said it as if the thought had never occurred to him, and it probably hadn’t, and so he asked, “Can I come in?”
“I meant for a few minutes, Squirrel, not forever. Go on, kiss lover boy goodbye so he’s satisfied and off you pop.”
“So you are saying Dean and Cas are just going to try and close this – this breach? And no one else gets a say in this?”
Ellen’s expression suggested he wasn’t fooling anyone with his attempt to show just how much he didn’t care about Castiel. “It’s just, he hasn’t been around, and when he has, he’s been rather gloomy lately… even more so than usual.”
“And there will be” Cas said quietly. “You called Dean your son yourself. He is welcome to the name of Winchester, if you ask the people.”
At this, John broke. “She was so young” he whispered. “It wasn’t fair. And your angel” he spat “he wouldn’t help me.”
He turned around and saw the demon he wanted to see. “Hey, Crowley, could you beam me home?” he called out.
He smiled as he walked into the kitchen to kiss his boyfriend hello.
“Of course, Dean.”
“Hello, boys.”
“Too much information, Feathers, although if you want me to watch, I wouldn’t be –“
“Thanks.” Knowing Crowley, he probably had more to do with that than he let on.
Another shrug. “Crowley is conferring with your…”
“But you just showed up and started –“
He grinned. “Miss me?”
A short while later Cas and Crowley came in. The demon made a face, snapped his fingers and had a glass of Craig in his hands. “That’s better.”
“Like a familiar” Dean interrupted him.
Sam, of course, soon showed up as well and didn’t leave their side the entire evening, and Crowley and Bobby were quick on their heels.
First of all, this meant that Crowley and Bobby had had another one of their disagreements – which happened regularly – otherwise he’d definitely have called the older mechanic; and second of all, he’d probably insisted that they needed Dean’s expertise. He would have to thank him and watch him squirm again.
Yes, he’d technically only been alive for three years, but he’d still emerged as a fully grown adult, who knew all the basics about life and magic (even though – as he yet again recalled with a small stab of pain – he’d never been able to do magic himself) and everything in-between. He figured he should be given a little more trust.
“But… why?”
Dean realized that it was true, but he’d also have liked to stay exactly where he was. He sighed.
When he wasn’t busy helping out Cas, of course.
If he should ever decide to broach the subject with John, he’d probably start yelling his head off.
Now that they had made a declaration – in a way – Dean couldn’t wait to meet Cas again. And so, here he was, on a Thursday afternoon, walking up to his tower. John had to do in the garage, so he had simply walked out the front door.
Maybe things would have turned out differently if he could have helped John with his experiments. Maybe. Maybe not. It was hard to tell.
“Come on, pick up pick up pick up –“ he muttered, hoping that Sammy wasn’t off giving legal advice again –
This did not bode well.
He wished he had someone to talk to about it, but that would have to wait until he called Sam later. A cell phone was thankfully not one of the things John had succeeded in keeping him from, apparently figuring it was going to keep him indoors more, not counting on Dean using it either to call Sam or take pictures for which he obviously needed to go out.
– the others having just arrived.
But this year, there was nothing and no one holding him back.
Cas didn’t leave his side, silently supporting him; and it quickly transpired that Sam and Crowley were busy cleaning out perishables from the fridge and just generally making sure the house was secure.
Plus, they had Crowley with them. One wrong word and the problem would probably be dealt with. Not that Dean (even with how angry he felt upon realizing that, considering the amount of power involved, John must have been alright with the thought of him burning up) wanted that.
The trouble was the wanting. And what he wanted – only he only rarely admitted it to himself – was – well –
Dean had quickly become one of her best friends, ever since he had first appeared in town, much to John’s chagrin. Luckily, her and Mom very much agreed on the subject – that the familiar should be given much more freedom and time to have fun, and so she knew she wouldn’t begrudge her her plan to play matchmaker. And even if not exactly matchmaker… well, having more friends had never harmed anyone, had it?
“It’s alright, my love. I’ve got you.”
He didn’t think he’d be very good company. He wasn’t good company on his good days, according to his siblings, so why should he be so now?
Well, guys, here we are - all that's left is wish you a very merry Christmas!!!
It wasn’t the first time he had done so, far from it, but even he could admit that his visits had become more and more frequent in the last few months. At least Ellen and her daughter Jo, both witches in their own right and long known to John, were sympathetic towards his plight.
At the same time, it had bene exhilarating to finally openly go gift-shopping. Crowley had somehow managed to get him a monthly pay check for his job at the Council – God only knew how he kept the books, but as long as everything worked out, no one asked questions – so paying wasn’t a problem. On the contrary – it quickly transpired that many of the people he knew were trying to either not make him pay anything at all or give him discounts.
“I…” he thought about it. “He did create me, so I suppose it’s accurate. And for what it’s worth, he does treat me like a teenager who sneaks out past curfew. And… I am grateful. I am. The world has so much to offer.”
He found Crowley conversing with John Winchester.
But that wouldn’t help, would it, and so he shrugged and smiled and mumbled something about having to figure that out.
“If you say so, Cassie. But you see, seduction is an art. Thankfully for you, one of which I am a master.”
God what a difference a year could make. Last Christmas, he’d had to sneak out just to see those he loved, and now instead…
A pause. Then, “Cas?” as if that wasn’t the most wonderful news he’d heard all goddamn week.
Complicated feelings whirled around in his breast.
“Oh yeah, I remember. That was a good evening”. He grinned. “Had a movie night. Totally worth the sermon I had to hear later. And sneaking out can even be fun – now and then.”
He knew how they were, of course – Sam and Dean, one a golem, one a human familiar without any of the powers usually associated with them, created by Bobby Singer and John Winchester respectively – and also of the differences in their lives – of Sam always running around town, trying to help people with their legal problems because that was what he wanted to do, while Dean was constantly attempting to evade John.
So far, however, things had been going smoothly. Dean was happily chatting with Castiel, who, if you asked Sam, was slowly losing some of his awkwardness when it came to conversation – at least when he talked to the man Sam saw as his brother, these days.
Cas had proved every bit as intriguing in person as he had when he had been nothing but a guardian angel Dean admired from the distance.
He reminded himself for the umpteenth time that he had ever reason to be thankful to John, that he wouldn’t exist without him, but it didn’t really do anything to change his feelings.
“Just think about it” Sam urged him.
pretty certain Crowley was behind this, b. he was equally sure he could just snap his fingers and – bam – running car, and c. how often did he get the opportunity to talk to his crush? (Not that he admitted it was a crush, not even to himself. Some things were meant to be hidden, tucked away).
“And you?”
“Too bad Dean’s useless. We could have used a familiar.”
Castiel had felt it too, the night before. “I don’t know.”
“That’s true” Cas said simply. “I have often been approached by those who have recently lost someone.”
Until finally came two minutes later.
“I understood that as a matter of course –“
In the twenty years he’d been on earth, Castiel had never been attracted to anyone, and he certainly hadn’t sought companionship of that kind, like Crowley did on a regular basis. It had never appealed to him.
As if he didn’t know that Cas had gotten him something as well.
No, he was even now telling him happily about the neighbours he knew best.
And why was he asking himself those questions in the first place? He was an angel, he wasn’t supposed to
Whatever.
“That’s different” Crowley said, and dear God, did he actually look – worried?
He didn’t know what he wanted.
Everything was going so well sometimes he woke up in a panic, wondering if it had all been a dream. But no; Cas was always there to assure him it wasn’t.
He nodded. “Angels consider themselves siblings.”
And they’d both have a lot of time on their hands, so…
“It’s not just a breach between the world they were attempting but a very specific one.” Cas took a  deep breath even though he didn’t need it and then said, “Whoever did this wanted to breach the gap between this world and the next.”
“I don’t know what you mean” he said stubbornly. “Dean, go to your room.”
“Thanks to you.”
listened to John and stayed at home.
But at the same time, right now Dean couldn’t really be angry at his fate. Not if it had led him to this.
“Of course there is. Me and Cassie.”
“Thank you” Dean said quietly. “Both of you.”
“Shut up boys or you’re grounded” he mumbled, interrupting Bobby’s, Sam’s and Crowley’s fight.
“He prefers father” Dean said when it became clear that Cas was waiting for him to provide the right verb.
But that couldn’t be possibly, of course. Angels didn’t get lonely… did they? He supposed they were like demons, and Crowley had never seemed lonely to him…
Sam’s eyes softened. “The whole town loves you. You never knew, did you?” He drew him into a hug. “I’m so glad you made it.”
“Stay within my sight” John warned him as they went to get the Impala.
Only for all his hopes to be dashed when John continued. “He’d come here shortly before my Mary died. And so, I figured, he’s an angel, isn’t that kind of his thing, looking after souls and all that, and they say they can heal people… so bringing her back to life should have been easy for him. But you know what he said when I asked? He stood up straight and stared at me with those creepy eyes of his and told me people are meant to move on and that Mary undoubtedly would have wanted me to do so as well. My Mary! He didn’t even know her! And yet he dared tell me that to my face…”
“Suit yourself” Crowley shrugged. “Well, I’ll see you around, Cassie.”
He nuzzled his neck; Dean had quickly learned that, contrary to his assumptions, Cas was rather fond of PDA. He didn’t mind one bit. “It was a good idea of yours.”
“I wanted to.” He fished the box out of his pocket. “Seemed strange to wrap it because… well, it already has a box, hasn’t it, with it being – I mean – that’s kind of the point”. He was rambling.
Well then.
He raised an eyebrow, rather unimpressed with it all. “So it can’t be that my powers were suppressing themselves because I was unhappy” – a concept he had only just read about – “And you didn’t want Cas to leave town?”
He didn’t say any of it.
“He looks after the town, everyone knows that.”
But Dean possessed an embarrassingly large knowledge of magic for someone who couldn’t use it. Whenever a book about magic fell into his hands, he usually devoured it within hours, committing every single letter to memory.
“I’m sorry.”
He pilled back and rolled his eyes. “Crowley.”
He blushed.
He blinked, then stared, then answered, “I… enjoyed our talk, yes.”
He knew he’d made the right decision when he answered “Slaughterhouse-Five” and Dean’s eyes lit up.
“I am not frowning.”
He was staring at his first Christmas tree and feeling happier than he could ever remember being.
“Just seemed, since we all escaped disaster this year, we should all celebrate together.”
“He’s on his way out of town” Cas said. “With enough clothes and money to last him a while.”
Much to Dean’s regret.
Yes, he thought as he scrubbed the floor as yet another punishment, that was just it, wasn’t it. John was convinced that because he had created him, he had a right to him, that he could tell him what to do, and that this would go on indefinitely, even though he had Bobby’s shining example before him, Bobby, who let Sam do his own thing and only now and then asked for help.
Bobby hummed. “When these two agree on something, it normally means it’s true. Well, I could drop by his tower and ask him if there’s anything he needed…”
But this was Cas, so he did what he had always done when it was demanded of him, closed his eyes and willed the magic surrounding them, and –
“Discussion over.”
That reminded him. There was something he’d been meaning to ask him for a while now….
It was really touching, and to hide his emptions, he’d had to go home and listen to Christmas carols for an hour.
“I told you, it’s Sam.”
That was just the problem.
He looked – he looked very sad.
“I dare say he wanted to help get me out of the house. John…” he trailed off, looked away, then back at Castiel. “John doesn’t like me going out on my own. Says I’m too young.”
As always, he deflected any gratitude shown towards him. “Don’t worry your pretty head about it.” Probably a demon thing – he couldn’t admit to have done anything nice.
But, as the days had stretched before him and he had stared at Dean’s number in the phone Crowley had given him, he had slowly but surely come to realize that the reason he felt differently about Dean than the other inhabitants of Hollowground was that… well this was different.
Being a demon, that was always the case. Naturally.
Castiel couldn’t help but stare at him as he placated John. Then, he inquired, “Did you really break your own car?”
Sam and Dean had decided to visit Bobby together. That was another thing though, Dean couldn’t help but think was rather unfair – Sam had been allowed to move out, no questions asked. Bobby had shrugged, said “You’re your own person, boy, you do what you want” and that had been that.
As always, people were nice enough to leave him a booth so he could stretch his wings. Sometimes, being a guardian angel had its perks.
He was, after all, the only one who’d ever defended Crowley to Castiel. Most people, whether they were satisfied with him as the mayor or not, would have drawn the line at that.
“You go out sometime though” he tried, feeling rather helpless. He certainly had no idea how to make him feel better. “I saw you a few weeks ago… you’d been at Bobby Singer’s…”
“But John” Sam tried “Life isn’t fair.”
Because when it came to a life with and a life without Cas, the first option would win every time.
“What would you like to do?” Sam asked suddenly.
“Who cares about that? I just wanted her back!”
Something –
“Yes, sir.”
He didn’t like Crowley’s mansion much, but then, he had often found that he had little to no understanding of the luxuries humans and other creatures insisted on. Heaven was mostly empty and pure, and his tower was clean and not cluttered.
Over the next few weeks, Castiel often found his thoughts returning to Dean.
The party was in full swing, and despite not having much experience, Dean was ready to bet that he’d always remember it as one of the best he’d ever attended.
Sam had been more sceptical of him from the start – Bobby had created him two years ago – and simply nodded. He might not have liked having a drink with him, but this was Ellan’s place first and foremost, and the mayor drank for free in her establishment. There was a reason her income tax was as low as it was.
“Why? You taught me how to defend myself, the mayor is a demon, we have a guardian angel –“
“Go on, Cas, try it” he urged him. ”We need to deal with this as fast as possible.”
Point was, he’d been a good boy for a while now, since John called him into existence, and he just wanted to be by his own for a little bit, had simply been feeling restless for a while now, and so he stole down to Ellen’s bar.
His town. He’d done his best to keep it from harm, magical or otherwise. He liked to think he’d been successful.
“It’s advancing towards Hollowground, Sam” Dean said. “We don’t have time for anything else.”
“Trust me, you’re in for the treat of a lifetime” he told him, and Castiel wondered if he knew just how captivating his eyes looked when he was enthusiastic about something. Probably. Humans normally knew when they were good-looking, at least so he’d come to believe.
Cas nodded, apparently feeling a little better, which was all Dean had wanted.
He was rather starting to suspect that the answer to that question was
“Drama queen. See you around, Cas.”
“Really” John suddenly said “That was a one-man job. Could have left you at home.”
“The fabric of reality?”
Dean sighed and hid deeper into the shadows, waiting for John to pass. It wasn’t that he wasn’t thankful that John had created him; had made him out of cat’s breath and scales of fish and whatnot using magic because he had been feeling lonely; but he was his own person, and he wanted to see their small town by himself, for himself.
“You are a demon” Castiel reminded him.
“You do his paperwork, don’t you? Not like John’s ever going to allow me to do that for him.”
better take care, you damn demon, I’m coming for you especially –“
Good God, they were really sort of dating, weren’t they? But he couldn’t just… or could he?
Dean looked around. It was sparsely furnished but seemed comfortable enough. “Where’s your kitchen?”
And life, despite everything, was fun. The internet alone was full of weird, strange things, and then there was Hollowground with its many people and creatures rubbing along together in the middle of nowhere…
He quickly moved to do just that while Sam proposed to make them dinner.
“I just went to see our very own guardian angel.”
“Yes, Cas – you know, Castiel!”
And damn him if it didn’t make his heart speed up.
The town hall had been decorated for one hell of an epic Christmas Eve party, courtesy mostly to Ellen and Joe, who’d been used to do the same in a smaller scale for their bar; instead, this year, they were to be the caterers, since Dean had hinted so at Crowley during one of the Council meetings, and the demon had apparently reluctantly but actually enthusiastically agreed.
A ring.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, no one like you to look after him.”
And he took it in, moving it onward to Cas, willing the gap to be healed, the breach top be gone.
Dean hadn’t realized that this meant Cas was going to leave.
He wrapped his wing around his shoulder again. “Of course”.
“And what? We talked – and – stuff---”
“Yeah, you’ve been starting at…
“And you think she would have wanted this? Twenty years of you living in the past, creating another being just to try and get her back?” He had always spoken of Mary as almost an angel, and while Dean didn’t quite believe that she had been that good a person, there was nothing to indicate she hadn’t at the very least been a decent human being.
He sent a text to Sam –
“Yeah, please.”
“And do you see anyone else who’s currently staring at him like Cassie is?”
And damn him –
“I’ll see you soon, Dean” Cas promised and was gone.
A young couple walked by, smiling brightly, holding hands.
It was hopeless.
He picked her up and twirled her around. “Hey, you.”
Ellen promised to bring them pie – pecan of course – and bustled away.
He had an idea that Crowley at least suspected as much, but still used his presence to his advantage. Well – why shouldn’t he? He was not that bad, for a demon, once you got used to him; and the townsfolk themselves were east to get along with as well, once they had understood that they couldn’t just bring him offerings and expect special treatment.
Yes, they would just have to wait and see.
Sadly Sam had had no idea how long he would behave for, and so Castiel was left alone.
And so he stayed put.
“Hello?”
It was a question he had himself often contemplated. He loved cars, but that didn’t mean he had to work on them his entire life; and then there was – well –
Alright, going smoothly so far, Dean thought, then chastised himself. It wasn’t like he was out to seduce Cas – not per se. Granted he wouldn’t have had anything against a little fun, but first and foremost, he wanted to get to know him, and reading was as good a start as any.
“He can be very… sure of himself.”
Then, Dean added, “So you want to spend forever with me, right? Just to make sure.”
He felt it and he could reach out and touch it and –
“No way” Sam said. “Forget it, you can’t just –“
And he remembered. “Hey, Crowley?”
He let himself fall on the chair next to Dean, knowing Sam wouldn’t have welcomed him to the seat next to him. “The very best your house has to offer, Mrs. Harvelle.”
Those were some pretty good looks, but he couldn’t very well interrupt him now…
“Nah, Cas, don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
He woke up slowly and opened his eyes to find Cas dozing next to him. He’d gotten in to the bait of sleeping mostly because he loved holding Dewan, and who was he to deny him that?
“I – it would be no good of me, to try and explain or… people and life – they both have to move on.”
“You were created – well, don’t take this personally, Moose, but golems are often used as free labour. You’re lucky Bobby decided you should have free will.”
Crowley’s expression hardened. “Don’t tell me you can’t feel it – there’s been a distinct surge in magic around Hollowground lately, and it doesn’t feel natural.”
Normally he would have welcomed that, but he found himself missing Dean without being able to say why. True, Dean had been the first person to talk to him for a longer period of time since… since ever, but that didn’t mean –
He almost laughed; John barely took his assurances when he came home safe and sound, so why should he listen to Castiel? “Nah, I got it covered, thanks.” He suddenly realized something. “Can I have your number?”
He had no idea why Joe would dart into the back as quickly as she could after she’d brought him his drink, but he assumed it was some kind of human necessity.
“But there’s always been a Winchester in Hollowground!”
“What’s that?”
“Dean’s not useless” he said, feeling rather indignant.
you going to tell John?”
Who cared what John would say afterward? He really really wanted to visit Cas, so that was what he was going to do.
Now that it was all over and dealt with, Dean realized he just felt... drained. And not because of the magic he had performed, but because of – everything. His life had just changed irrevocably, and although he knew it to be better, he had yet to completely understand it.
“Nothing ahs happened yet” Sam said even though he had to admit he had never seen Dean like this – so relaxed and utterly captivated by the angel; as if he’d simply forgotten about John and his restrictions and was living a normal life for once.
Eventually, Dean cleared his throat. “His Highness give you the honour of an audience?”
“He was adamant, Bobby –“
Admittedly, over time his appetite for literature had diminished slightly because these days, it tended to remind him of adventures he’d never have and friends he’d never meet; but then…
Damn angels and their baby blues.
Just look at John.
“Yeah, yeah, feel free to do whatever you want” Dean answered simply.
And indeed Joe stormed towards him as soon as they entered. “Dean!”
He took his hand. “Well then. Don’t worry; I know all about –“
His grin grew. “Me, too. Glad to see you again.”
Unbeknownst to the two who were by now busy – talking and drinking and not paying attention to anyone else – they were rather closely watched.
God, those eyes…
Cas surprised him with a kiss. “I hope everything will be fine now, love.”
“Dean!” Mrs. Leeds, an old lady with a herbal shop, beamed.
And then that someone raised his head and he realized he was looking at Dean.
He was working away when he heard someone enter the garage, and thinking it either to be John or Crowley, called out, “It’s nothing big, don’t worry, I can fix it right now –“
Right. Back to the something much more pleasant – Cas’ text.
And it wasn’t difficult to guess who this someone was. “How could you let the idjit do this –“
“You mean
“You must be hungry”.
As a matter of fact, he had never heard this voice before, and he thought he knew everyone –
” Jo suppled helpfully. “John’s always been like that, even back when I was a kid. And that despite the scrapes he and Dad used to get in together… But of course, after Mary…”
He shrugged. “We are certainly rarely alone in Heaven.”
The worst part of it was that it wasn’t something after all.
Something inside him was calling to him, when he didn’t know how to interpret, how to understand, whether or not it was even telling him to do something or to run.
He reluctantly met his eyes.
“I am very sorry that our meeting may cause you distress” Castiel said. “Should I come with you and explain that everything went well?”
“Whatever you say, big guy” he said happily as he sat down next to him, “I’ll have a beer, Ellen.”
“You know” he said again.
“That’s not what I meant, John.” He was very glad now that he had never called him
“Yep, that’s Dean all over. Otherwise he’d have told his old man to bugger off years ago.”
“Yes, but still… no reason to drag you out.”
“Dean, it’s incredibly dangerous –“
He couldn’t say that he saw many signs of attraction on Castiel’s manner, but then, he wouldn’t know what to look for. He’d hardly talked to Castiel since his creation – they knew of each other, but weren’t friendly, and anyway, he’d always kept to himself.
He started typing so quickly he almost missed a few letters.
“Thank you”. And somehow, Castiel suddenly had the feeling that Crowley at least would ensure that Dean got a little something extra, and almost against his will, he found himself liking the demon a little bit more.
Dean blushed fiercely.
After a while, he glanced at his watch, and was shocked to realize they had been sitting and talking for over three hours. “Damn – sorry, Cas, but I have to go. If John hasn’t already noticed that I’m missing he’s gonna to soon, and I’m not in the mood for another lecture.”
Of course Crowley noticed immediately. “Squirrel, what’s going on?” he asked.
Dean didn’t bother to hide his smile. He’d been whistling a he prepared dinner.
As always, he felt slightly creeped out by the many times the long-dead face of Mary Winchester was looking down at him. Don’t get him wrong – he understood grief, even if he thankfully had yet to experience it himself – but certainly, most people didn’t cling to the memory of a loved one this much twenty years on? And John certainly wasn’t happier for it; as a matter of fact, he was ready to bet staring at her all day long brought him more pain than comfort.
But he understood as soon as Cas showed him his own box.
“For God’s sake, Feathers, just take the damn phone” he rolled his eyes. “I took the liberty of saving a few numbers, you know the important ones, mine for one.”
And so, with a heavy heart, he asked Cas, Sam and Crowley (who had lingered around with an expression that had obviously been carefully chosen to project “I don’t care I am just here to see how it ends”, although at this point, since he’d already beamed to Paris and back so Dean could have some éclairs, no one believed him) to accompany him.
“So… what are you doing here? The garage, I mean?”
“Yep. Newest on the market. Bluetooth and wi-fi and whatnot… you know, all that stuff the humans without powers need.”
Also, as a wise man in the crowd pointed out, Dean, due to his magical origins, didn’t age either, so they didn’t have to worry about that.
Dean had never properly celebrated Christmas before. John had all but stopped doing so after his wife died, and had never considered that he might want to. Grated, last year she’d managed to sneak to Bobby’s and see Sam, but that had been it.
“Yes, sir” he sighed, once more thinking how Bobby had never forced Sam to call him anything, even though of the two of them, Sam was technically the one who as supposed to be a servant, while Dean was more like a… partner in magic; and maybe, if he’d actually had any powers, John would have seen him as such…
“Well well well isn’t this an interesting development” a well-known voice said and both Sam and Bobby suppressed sighs as Crowley sat down next to them, his usual glass of Craig in hand. But it wouldn’t do to alienate the mayor.
“Why would he damage his own possessions?”
Dean closed his eyes. “Could have had better news.”
, Dean thought rather bitterly, and had the feeling that Crowley knew exactly how he was feeling.
There weren’t many things he wanted to take with him, he soon discovered. The few t-shirts and jeans he owned were soon packed, as were his books and records.
“Hm. Wings and haloes and all that”.
He was ordering him around like a servant, and Castiel felt resentful. And if he did, what must Dean’s emotions be about all of this?
He doubted it was working though because he was seriously starting to consider the knives in the kitchen as a method to –
For a second, for the blink of an eye, Dean was tempted to ask Crowley to deal with him and be done with it. He would surely have obliged him.
And with that, he was gone, as was his wont.
Yes, there could be no doubt about it – Crowley was worried, more worried than Dean had ever seen him, as he studied him. “You’d be surprised, Dean.”
For the first time since he had known him, Crowley actually looked embarrassed. “I’m afraid I don’t quite know. We need Cassie – angels are far more acquainted with all that different plains of existence stuff.”
He grinned once more. “Told you.”
He simply asked “So what happens now?”
Castiel took it and studied it. “A phone?”
Castiel had always insisted he had everything he needed, but he wasn’t so sure of himself anymore. Maybe being around humans for a while affected one, and now he had the same needs that other humans had – but no; he’d never heard anything like that from any other angel.
“Well, yeah, let’s just use some angel mojo and get through this, shall we.” He turned to Crowley one more time. “Look after my city.”
And then everything turned black.
His face lit up with hope, but Dean recognized it as the repulsive hope born out of fear for his own hide, nothing else, certainly not worry about him or their relationship. “I – of course. You Cahn leave whenever you want –“
Hollowground had grown used to seeing Dean and Cas together, it seemed – at least there had been no comments, only a few confused look, and some – yes, some had even been envious ones.
Yes, he had occasionally been tempted. Who wouldn’t have been? Left to his own devices when John didn’t need him and yet all but forbidden from leaving the house, fantasies had often been everything he had, when he hadn’t risked his creator’s wrath in order to escape for a few hours.
Castiel could easily believe that. Someone like Dean, who had happily befriended the town’s only demon and guardian angel – who was so curious and friendly and loved to simply be among people – would also admit his own limitations; and furthermore, he knew Crowley and would have been aware that it wasn’t meant as an insult, even though many would have considered it one.
“Whatever you want, Squirrel.”
And then he was staring into their guardian angel’s blue eyes.
“Well, Cowley calls me Feathers or Cassie, but I’m not sure that counts…”
As a matter of fact, Castiel was starting to wonder whether Dean had
Cas squeezed his hand. “I will try and close this – Gabriel actually called it a hole in-between the worlds.”
“And tell the others – tell the others we tried our best, even if it all goes pear-shaped.”
“Cassie insisted on it.”
“Your father was here half an hour ago, so we should be safe.”
“John, it’s that or…” he let the implication hang in the air, himself rather unsure what he was threatening him with.
Castiel needed a few moments to understand what he was supposed to do, then he found the phone book.
Dean swore than and there that he would tell him so as soon as this was over and dealt with.
And what Crowley would do with an oil painting of himself, he had no idea.
Dean was read to start climbing the walls. While John had eventually unlocked the door after sobering up – he usually did – he hadn’t apologized – he usually didn’t – and he certainly had shown no signs of seeing things in a different way from now on – something he probably never would.
“Oh yes” Crowley said. “Many people are too young for the things they are doing. For example, I would argue that anyone under the age of two hundred Is much too young for playing around with the worlds of the living and the dead.”
“Yes, but –“
Too bad it was difficult to answer. “I…” he hesitated. Back in Heaven, no one had asked anyone what they liked to do. They did their duty, and they had faith, and sometimes, they went to help people. That was it. It had been a profound shock when, upon arriving, Castiel had realized that he was supposed to have free time and do something else than his duties during it. “I like to read” he eventually settled on.
“Yes, well” he clinked his glass to Crowley’s. “Thanks anyway, and merry Christmas.”
“That’s very convenient” a gravely voice that most definitely didn’t belong to Crowley or John replied and in his haste to get up, Dean almost hit his head on the bonnet.
He sighed and they went to help Sammy.
Dean had made it to his room when suddenly he heard the key turn in the lock. In an instant, he was at the door, banging on it. “What the hell, John?”
Then, suddenly, as if he had always been able to, as if it was no big deal, he felt it.
Cas blinked, then realized he was blocking his way. “Of course.”
Of course, just as things were going smoothly, they went south.
But who was he kidding, as the humans would have said – this would never come to pass; he might as well give up on that dream now, a dream he shouldn’t have been dreaming to begon with.
Long after he and Sam had disappeared, Castiel stood still and stared after them.
“Dean suggested it.”
And so he did.
Castiel had never asked where Crowley got his accent from. As far as he knew, there was no Great Britain in Hell. Maybe it was just an affectation; at least that certainly sounded like something Crowley would come up with. “I don’t think he’s that hostile towards John, although John seems somewhat… restrictive.”
John was in the living room, looking for all the world as if he had just been in the garage all day, and Dean couldn’t deny that he was somewhat impressed by his cold-bloodedness. “John.”
“Dean?”
“Sure thing Squirrel, just take advantage of me.”
“Dean, I’m glad you’re happy, but we talk all the time”. Now Sam was clearly teasing him.
Sam, who knew all bout his “angel obsession” as he called it, replied, “And?”
Dean’s hart started beating faster in his chest, as always.
“When I get whoever did this” Crowley mumbled another one of his usual threats when he got frustrated.
"Sorry, Moose, but this is Dean’s decision” Crowley stated, looking between them and the Nothing. “Sorry to burst your bubble, but I can feel it.”
He nodded.
things.
But yet it had happened.
Cas stayed visible though, even as the door was thrown open, but to Dean’s infinite surprise, John strolled past him without bating an eye.
Cas’ arms wrapped around him and only then did he realize he was swaying slightly.
Castiel was trying very hard to remember why he had thought this was a good idea.
“I have read the play in question, and I think it’s –“
Nothing to it, he had to pretend. “Actually, I was reading.”
They stared some more.
“What do you mean, it’s too strong?”
“Crowley was right. Someone tried to breach the wall between the worlds, but not exactly in the way he meant.”
“He doesn’t need to, he’s an angel.”
Sam sighed. “You say that when you manage to take a sump plug for a bolt screw again. I assure you, he’s not the least bit relaxed then.”
John – John would have to be considered, of course. Since he believed Dean to be too immature to leave the house, what would he say if he suddenly took a lover? And their angel, too? Sam couldn’t imagine that he would be the last bit pleased.
Which kind of made Dean’s fascination with him sort of funny, since he’d always been a social butterfly. The second they’d met, he’d started introducing him to people, and it had quickly aspired that despite John’s attitude he knew almost as many of the townsfolk as Bobby died.
He cleared his throat. “Yeah, sorry. I tend to shorten people’s names. Give them nicknames, you know.”
“Look what I found in someone’s garage.”
Dean decided he might as well enjoy this while it lasted and dragged him into their very first kiss.
“But –“
He opened his eyes. Clearly, he was at Ellen’s place; she was busy cooling his forehead with a cloths, shaking her head. “One can’t let you alone for one second.”
“And whose fault is that?” she scoffed. “If he’d tried to find a nice girl – it wasn’t as if he’d anyone to look after, and he was very young when Mary died… so if he’d tried, instead of doing his useless experiments…” she glanced at Dean. “No offense.”
His heart started beating faster in his chest. “No, why should I? It’s not like – I don’t know the guy that well. We greet each other on the street, but that’s about it.”
Dean was busy putting the burgers on plates, and Cas was struck with how much he seemed already at home in the place even though he’d arrived only a few short minutes ago.
Or not.
“Come on, Feathers, don’t frown like that, it’ll get stuck.”
“It won’t” Cas said quietly. “I’ll make sure of it.”
And Dean – Dean had been a good little not-really-familiar and had done what was asked of him, while constantly calling Sam and Bobby and Crowley if only to stay sane.
He had quickly realized that Crowley used this excuse whenever he felt Castiel was winning.
“Ah, young love. It’s almost enough to warm the burned-out, cold shell of my black heart.”
Yes, Castiel came around to Ellen’s bar somewhat regularly despite his monastic tendencies, at least that was what she had told Dean; but alas, since he usually chose busy evenings – evenings where he could sit in a corner and watch people, since that was all he seemed to do – he had never been able to sneak away. If the whole town saw him, John would know, even though he’d love nothing more than to talk to the guy away from prying eyes for once…
Sam was Moose and Dean Squirrel – Dean had only figured out why when, one day, dying of boredom, he’d stumbled across re-runs from an old kids’ show.
John rolled his eyes. “And? Has he even saved one life?”
He was a good brother, however, and so he continued to study them while Crowley began to annoy Bobby, one of his favourite past times.
Wasn’t that a very good question, Dean thought.
“Good. That’s good.” Crowley sat down and summoned himself a glass of Craig. “now to the important things. You’re a powerful familiar; that makes you part of the City Council:”
He looked at Mary again and sighed, wondering how things would have been different John’s wife had lived.
Sam wisely chose to say nothing, being aware that he would go over it all over and over in his head no matter what. He really knew him very well, for only having been around two years.
“I was not aware that Crowley had assumed a royal title.”
Joh, realizing he truly had no choice, allowed himself to be led away, and Dean suddenly knew that it was the last time he would ever set eyes on hi9m.
“Guess who’s here.”
“You gave me my life” he said quietly. “And I think my three years of servitude” for that was what they had been, he knew that now “were Moe than enough to make up for it, don’t you think?”
Well, Dean had to kiss him then, and they were soon lost in a world of their own.
How he could call that
When he put her down, her face fell. “We know. About John.”
As soon as he saw the cars, he almost turned around; he certainly had never understood the humans’ fondness for them, preferring to fly when he had to move. But then he saw someone bending over one of the limousines and realized Crowley must have called John Winchester in to fix it.
“If you say so.”
“Ugh. Alright, too much information. Anyway, should I tell the band to get ready?”
His lips twitched. “Was wondering whether you’d caught on. Crowley, bring Sam away from here.”
Crowley’s smug expression suggested that he’d guessed what he was thinking, and Castiel, to his surprise, wasn’t even slightly annoyed by it. “What did you want to see me about?”
Which would probably have been a distinction if Jon hadn’t considered almost everyone in town trouble, including Dean on occasion (alright, the occasions where he’d run awa, but still).
“That should do I” John suddenly announced, closing the hood as if he instead of Dean had done the work. “I’ll send you the bill.”
He laughed. “You can say that again.”
“Oh trust me, I know.”
He would have to remind himself to thank them later, he thought as the fatigue properly set in. He picked up his bag. “I think that’s – “
He looked at John, who was shaking. The man who had given him life to use him, the man who had tried to bring his wife back from the dead for love but never wasted a single thought on whether Dean might be harmed in the process, the man who had been so worried for him he’d forbidden him from leaving the house but only so that he could channel magic through him.
There was something, something here for him… and he wasn’t just talking about waiting for Cas coming back. He was ready to do that forever if he needed to.
“Let me say it like this. So, humans, right? For centuries, they walked, or the rode horses and carriage, and then one was like “Hey, wouldn’t it be sweet if we built a machine to do that?” And now, here we are, Mercedes-Benz S-Class – amazing. was introduced in 1981, sharing the petrol V8 engines with its four-door version, W126. After the introduction of new nomeculate scheme, SEC was simply renamed as S-Class Coupé. For 1996 model year, the coupé was separated from S-Class line and named as new CL-Class…” he stopped talking when he realized he was quoting the Wikipedia article he’d actually written (there was only so much to do around the house).
“But Dean – John must have –“
Crowley waved a hand in the air. “Pah. I just like to create some chaos now and then – demon, you know – and getting Dean awa from John Winchester will undoubtedly lead to one.”
When he came to, he was lying in Cas’ bed – granted, he’d hoped he’d first see it in quite different circumstances, but what could you do.
“I meant with Dean” he said with an expression Castiel couldn’t quite interpret before vanishing once more.
“Thank God for that.”
“Hm. Ellen and Joe did a great job.”
And they had only talked in person once. And yet Castiel knew all of this about him.
He nodded. “Alright.”
He went to face Sam. “Sammy, if this goes wrong… will you be the one to tell John?”
What was it about Dean, he kept wondering.
That evening, they went to Ellen’s on Dean’s insistence. He wanted people to know he was doing fine.
And all but feeling invincible, Dean went to get his drink.
“Sounds awesome.” Dean kind of wanted a big family, had done so ever since he became aware and realized it was only him and John. It was another reason staying at home was so damn difficult – he wanted to meet people, get to know them. If only John could see reason…
It took Dean another hour to get up, not because he couldn’t – on the contrary, now that he had finally,
He caught Cas’ eyes and smiled.
“You’re chipper today” John observed.
– and resigned himself to having to climb out the window and time his visits to the kitchen when he got hungry. He was becoming quite good at that.
How Dean longed to simply go and knock, like any other person in Hollowground could.
Maybe he had just wanted to make sure that the work he’d done on the door had been satisfactory?
“You didn’t have to.”
Dean kissed his head.
Dean wasn’t sure if that was approval, but he would take it. “Yep, that’s him alright.”
“And what did you do?” Sam wanted to know, naturally.
Ellen had made a most excellent Christmas goose, as of some family tradition; Jo was busy setting the table, refusing any help that may be offered; and so, Dean sat next to his fiancé – his
It was a tactic of Sam’s he tried every few months, to attempt and get Dean to tell John to stuff it and ideally move out. He had even offered him a place at his apartment multiple times, sometimes backed by Bobby as well. It wasn’t that Dean was not grateful – it was simply that his gratitude was pulled into all kinds of different directions.
Dean suppressed a sigh. Of course John would point out that he was happy because he was indoors, far away from any dangers Hollowground presented, instead of asking him why he was happy.
John nodded. “Yes. A good day. A safe day.”
“Hasn’t been around in a while. How is he?” Ellen asked.
There as someone he could ask, of course – but he wasn’t sure if he should.
Not that Cas would have allowed that. They were slowly but surely growing closer and closer, sleeping in the same bed, cuddling and kissing whenever they could, and eventually… but well, gentlemen didn’t kiss and tell, so Dean refrained from going into details unless it was to annoy Sammy.
Castiel wondered how Crowley knew where Dean was, then asked himself if it even mattered.
Sam frowned when he was done. “I’m a magical creature too, but I don’t feel anything.”
Dean had never realized just how much they cared.
“Then he doesn’t know what he means, either, trust me, Cassie,”
“Now, you concentrate on fixing the car. Don’t trust that demon. He’s trouble.”
No, this was – this was –
Dean had never noticed just how much John’s presence in his life had kept him back, and for the first week or so, a part of him had still expected him to arrive at the tower and drag him home, like he used to do when he found him outside.
Of what, exactly? What did he want to know about Dean?
“Any guardian angel of Hollowground is to be issued his own cell phone. Article 3 subsection b-7 of the town constitution.”
“I knew it was a possibility” he frankly admitted “But I didn’t think it was a high price.”
“Ugh, alright, too much PDA: Come on, Feathers, let’s do this.”
Ellen and Bobby and a few others wanted to come with as well – Sheriff Mills’ name was dropped – and while Dean couldn’t deny that John had – well – that he had endangered them all and had apparently mostly tried to use him – for his only goal, really his very only goal in all of this, could have been to get back Mary, and Mary alone – but he had still created him, still referred to himself as his father; he deserved to be heard, at least; and so they went.
How he’d gotten himself elected mayor was a bit of a mystery to the angel (and perhaps the inhabitants of Hollowground as well) but everyone agreed that he did a good job. Certainly no one wanted him gone, even if he was a bit of a bastard.
“I am rather happy to be with you again, too.”
Oh, not nothing as in nothing to worry about – quite the opposite.
As they passed him and Crowley, Dean nodded slightly at him again, as he had that night.
“Yes, well… but hey, at least you got a boyfriend out of it.”
“I see you escaped your father once again. He’s on a goose chase through town, you know.”
“Such a nice idea to have the entire city celebrating together! Of course” she nodded towards Castiel, her eyes sparkling mischievously in a way that belied her age “For you, every day is a reason to celebrate, isn’t it?”
“Say” Ellen said conspiratorially, “You wouldn’t happen to have seen Castiel, lately?”
“Now, Mr. Winchester, there are a few things about your shop I’d like to discuss…”
He was the first one to ever ask.
comforts, really.”
Secretly, Dean agreed. “Anyway, he’s really cool, and his eyes are incredibly blue, and his hair is all tussled up –“
“Sam called. Apparently he’s been getting to know Castiel lately.”
And so, he kept walking.
“Yes, well, I know it’s not easy – God knows I still miss my Bill every day – but your father was still so very young when he lost her. So I always hoped John would eventually calm down.”
It had been the best time he had had in at least this past year.
A wooshing sound and they were standing in Cas’ living room.
“You think so?”
“You are going to –“
It was true – Castiel’s eyes had yet to leave Dean’s face; but whether that was because he wanted to look at him for because of the fact, as Bobby had pointed out, that he stared at everyone like that, Sam couldn’t say.
“Hello, Crowley.”
Cas was staring at him. “You are… very enthusiastic.”
“Thank you?”
Neither Sam nor Crowley strayed away from his side, for which Dean as thankful, because for some reason, Dean couldn’t turn away. He just
“Merry Christmas” he agreed immediately, smiling gently at him.
Wonderful. Not only did he have to catch feelings for the only angel for miles around, but it was one his creator had a particular grudge against because he wouldn’t play Frankenstein and resurrect his dead wife when he demanded it off him, as if he owed him a favour.
This was
“I agree. One might actually have a chance with you, then.” With that, John left.
“Dean!”.
“Trust me, we have plenty of time to enjoy one another.“
The answer came swiftly.
That made sense to Dean; he supposed that mortals must be a resilient bunch, or they wouldn’t have been as persistent as they were.
It had taken several weeks for John to trust him enough to let him out of his sight again.
. “Anyway, I’ll just go get a beer. Keep my seat.”
At the beginning, when he’d still been getting his bearing and not been as adept at sneaking out, he’d spent a lot of time with John’s books, and he was ready to admit to anyone that he’d been at least nice enough to get him new ones regularly once he had noticed he liked to read.
“We held meetings regularly.”
a squirrel” he said tiredly.
He stared at the text, a grin slowly spreading across his face.
“Tell me about it, will you.”
“Anything for our mayor.”
“And you were ready to risk Dean’s life to –“
Not, that wasn’t true. He was rather sure what he had done – after all, it wasn’t difficult to remember that he had been texting with Dean, and that they’d had a conversation about – about –
“Yeah, Power tends to rebound on the familiar. But I am not a familiar, not a real one, am I”?
Had they been talking about him behind his back? They must have.
“Thanks.”
“Thanks?”
“Doesn’t matter. Either of you would be pretty in a dress, although I have to vote for Squirrel.”
It didn’t make any sense, but it was the most interesting thing he’d encountered in a while.
This, he knew, was it. Cas was it for Dean. It didn’t matter that he hadn’t tried dating before, or that he’d never set foot outside of Hollowground until six months ago – a short holiday on the east coast, Crowley cheerfully telling them that they could travel whenever they wanted to – what mattered was that he knew, that they knew.
“I’d like to see you try”.
, access to magic, could feel that he had indeed been created, if not by, through it and for it, it was replenishing itself quickly and effortlessly, and he was soon feeling rather wonderful, all things considered – but because everyone insisted on bustling about, getting him some water, trying to take his temperature, or just generally looking in to check up on him; and of course Cas wouldn’t let go of his hand.
Meaning he wanted to check up on Dean, but he wasn’t going to admit it. Naturally.
Cas pointed out the room. “I don’t use it, but Crowley insisted I should have one.”
But Crowley went out a lot, didn’t he? Crowley met people all the time even when he didn’t have to, and he had drinks at Ellen’s, and he seemed to enjoy it… so maybe Cas would too. Hell, he must, or he wouldn’t go there, would he?
He laid aside the book he’d been perusing in hopes of distracting himself, admitting that it had been another failure, and walked over to his window so he could look down upon the town.
. “Cas, can you do your thing where you go invisible?”
“I’m about to drop in, actually. Have a glass of Craig, prove I am a man of the people.”
“’Cause John’s about to come in and he won’t like me talking to you.”
Bobby looked up from the car he was working on when they approached him. “Ah, boys. Dean, I could use some help here –“
“Cas, now!”
It was another thing that didn’t make any sense when it came to Dean but yet felt incredibly right.
“Don’t worry. Just that I am really happy”.
Crowley looked at him with his blood red eyes until he dropped his own gaze – a trick that had never worked on Dean, since rather than unsettling, he’d always secretly found Crowley’s eyes pretty cool. “I didn’t mean it like that, and you know it, Moose.”
“So, do I get to give the bride away?”
“You can’t understand, you’re an angel”.
Maybe it was too early. Who knew? It had only been a few months.
Dean had been feeling bored and restless when the phone rang; once more John had tried to give him a lecture about how the world was a dangerous place and everything in it wanted to kill you, and apparently especially in Hollowground, and he’d retreated back to his room as quickly as he could.
Maybe, deep down, he felt that he was
He patted his shoulder. “Hey, does he really mind that much?”
“I believe the expression is a penny for your thoughts?” Cas asked.
And that was apparently that.
Normally he would have declined – Cas meant a large crowd, and John would certainly hear – but on the other hand –
Actually, asking Dean out to dinner had eventually been one of the more logical ways of “wooing him” Crowley had suggested, but now Dean had brought him food – was that a good sign, as the humans would probably have said? Certainly it was. But of what?”
Somehow, it seemed… almost blasphemous that as pure a soul as Dean should have first talked to Crowley, of all people; but then, he had said he’d helped him…
She wished she could give John a piece of her mind, but she didn’t want to make things worse.
“Crowley.”
Still, he’d seen non one else except for Crowley, and now the mayor had sent him a note that he needed to see him on “urgent business” whatever that meant.
“Just making sure everything is going well in my city, Squirrel.”
For a second he stopped, and Dean didn’t like the look in his eyes one bit, but then he continued “What I mean to say, is that Dean was made using a spell that normally binds familiars to those who practice magic. He was made with magic in mind – it makes sense that he should be more receptive towards magic. And again – this is clearly magical.”
“I know”. She’d always considered John’s behaviour perfectly unreasonable. Yes, being a parent – and he ostensibly continued to see himself as such – could be scary, but that didn’t mean one had any right to keep the child from living, and that was what he was doing to poor Dean, who was always so glad when he could sneak out and see them.
He took a few deep breaths. There were things he had to ask. “John?”
Huh, he wasn’t just getting him out of the house, he was also making sure got some alone time. Yep, next drink in a bar where Crowley didn’t just get them for free was on him.
“Well, it comes with the gig.”
Another one.
Once, it was true, he was distracted, for right there, in the middle of the magic that was the cause of all of this, he could feel – something familiar, something he had known all his life – but he brushed it aside for now, concentrated back on the task at hand –
He then happened across another door and decided he might as well check what was behind it, despite angels not being curious by nature.
“A rift in what?”
And yet…
Dean was just so… he supposed the word was enthusiaatic. Yes, he was enthusiastic, no matter what he did or who he spoke off.
As he answered – Dean wondered why this felt so domestic already.
If he was being honest, if he thought about it too long, he felt incomplete.
He knocked on the door.
It was a passage that had fascinated Castiel, too. “Do you think that’s true?”
For, quite suddenly, Crowley appeared in front of them. “Squirrel, Moose, sorry to interrupt your lunch – but it seems that a magical – problem of some kind – has appeared right next to Castiel’s tower.”
“So what do we do now?”
They were having lunch at Ellen’s, since Cas had been called to a sickbed. Many considered it a solace for the ill to see the guardian angel there.
“Oh, trust me” he said, taking Cas’ hand, “I got so much more.”
Sam, of course, thought he should just try and talk to him. “He can’t forbid you from dating –“
“No reason why it shouldn’t” he forced out.
Dean shrugged. “Maybe for some. Not for me though. I mean, how can I not love myself? I’m awesome” he grinned.
So a ring it had been when he’d browsed for gifts. Mrs. Leeds, who he’d bumped into as he’d left the jewellery store, had only smiled knowingly.
Cas’ fingers brushed his and he grasped his hand.
“I – those are mine!”
“Oh, what are you reading at the moment?”
It was one of those evening where he had decided to go to Ellen’s and watch the people. He’d fallen somewhat out of the habit recently, but for some reason suddenly had felt the wish to indulge in it again.
And yet… Dean couldn’t help but feel that there was a certain… sadness about him. As if he was… lonely.
“Ahm…“ Dean hoped against hope that he wasn’t blushing. Oh, who was he kidding. Of course he was blushing.
“Ah, Cassie, would you mind waiting for a bit? You can have a look around, if you want” Crowley said carelessly.
Cas automatically moved to half-cover Dean with one of his wings; he wished he could have cuddled into the feathers, but that would have to wait until they were alone. “You know Cas? MY boyfriend.”
He decided to take a walk, and used his powers to make sure he wouldn’t be seen. He sometimes did that, just to make sure people wouldn’t ask things of him he shouldn’t give them – already he ad been in trouble a few times because he’d performed blessing for small problems, and the other angels could be sticklers to rules when it came to such things – and he was, of course, always ready to observe and seek out those who, due to pride or respect or something else, never came to see him.
He’d even started reading up about the car Dean had explained to him. It didn’t really entertain him much, but helped him recall his sparkling eyes as he had described the limousine’s history…
“Care to explain, Cas?” Dean asked.
“Of course” Cas said suddenly, taking his hand again. “I’m taking you home, love.”
“Alright then, I will do my best to channel any magic I can your way.” He knew theoretically how it should go – knew it inside and out – could have recited it in his sleep – even though it had never worked when John had tried to work with him.
Quite suddenly, Crowley vanished, only to appear again in a few moments with several grimoires in his hands. Dean had heard of them, but never seen them before.
Bobby, slightly tipsy, had just dragged Ellen to the dance floor; Sam was talking to one of the new doctors in the hospital, a blonde woman whose name Dean had yet to find out; Cas was currently chatting with Benny, a vampire and new addition to Hollowground; and he found himself next to Crowley, how handed him his very own glass of Craig.
And so, here they were.
No, it wasn’t. Magic was a fact of life, every child knew that, and those susceptible to it, like humans capable of performing spells and creatures could train themselves to feel it; but this was something else.
“But of course! Just look at this!” he pointed at the limousine, but Cas only tilted his head in that adorable way of his once more, clearly indicating that he had no idea what he meant.
Watching Cas eat burgers for the first time was a revelation – and Dean vowed to himself then and there that he would make sure Cas got to try many more things that he hadn’t yet thought of. This was what life on earth was all about, wasn’t it? Enjoying yourself while you could.
He paled as he jumped up form the sofa. “I don’t know what you mean.”
“I have felt it” he admitted.
Yes, and just like other human habits, like sarcasm, they continued to baffle him.
Castiel had no idea why Crowley had summoned him. He had spent the last few weeks in what the demon, on his occasional visits, had dubbed a “funk” (although he himself didn’t see it that way) and had seen no one.
And then his text alert rang out. It was his normal, boring one, proving he hadn’t yet given whoever was texting him a special tune to let him know who it was in an instant.
The Nothing was growing. There could be doubt about it; it was practically doing so before their very eyes.
“Really?”
That was almost asking him out on a date, and Dean waited with baited breath for Cas’ answer.
Sam threw him a curious glance but said nothing.
“Great. Someone trying to contact the dead. Just what we needed” Crowley stated.
“Yes, sir.”
“Guys , can you stop making heart eyes at one another? There’s a problem with the –“
God he was tried.
“He’s been… overbearing lately” Dean sighed.
The question was how to proceed.
Cas watched him for a few minutes, then quietly asked, “What are your plans?”
“Yes?”
“We’re not yet dating – officially.” Despite them more or less deciding to try and enjoy each other’s company as often as possible, they were not yet an item – not that Dean would have had anything against it.
“I –“ he thought about it for a moment, then shrugged. “Right now? I don’t know. Gonna be, though. Eventually.”
“That’s just it. Technically, I’m a human familiar, so I was never a kid, but try and tell John that” he spat.
Cas just looked even hotter from up close, alright? That wasn’t his fault.
