ur such a selfish bitch you just take whatever u want and dont give a fuck about how it affects any1 else
That was the last text on her phone. “That’s interesting,” Sherlock said lightly.
“Were his fingerprints on the knife?”
What to do now? Any confession of what he saw would quickly lead to questions he couldn’t answer- sure, he could claim he was ‘out for a walk’ but there was no reason for a sober man, especially one who is known to work with law enforcement, to not report such a crime right away.
Sherlock showed him his student I.D.
“What was the purpose of making it appear as if the windows in Callie Rogers’s room didn’t open? Why go to the trouble? I mean, as long as you’re careful not to leave fingerprints or be seen, knowing that you came in through the window doesn’t tell the police much. Clearly it doesn’t, or we wouldn’t be so stuck. Why did the killer want us to think he didn’t use the window?”
“I am doing no such thing!”
His father had left before he was born, but he had an older brother, and an older half-brother as well. His mother had raised them, but was currently in a retirement home. She had Alzheimer’s, but it hadn’t progressed too much as of yet. The half-brother was a high school teacher who’d been recognized as outstanding a few times- raising test scores, commitment to the community, etc. The biological brother, on the other hand, was serving time in prison for several counts of larceny and one assault with a deadly weapon. So where did Zachary fall on the spectrum?
“Hey Lestrade? Did anything about the crime scene strike you as odd?”
“What’re you-“
Sherlock pulled the sheet off of Callie Rogers’s corpse and looked at her the way he looked at every dead person (and many live ones): first, her death, then, her.
“When we last met, you mentioned something about her wanting to get expelled. Can you… elaborate on that? Was she behaving differently? Did she say anything?”
“A woman in real distress could have screamed much louder than that. However, the tape shows that no one so much as opened a door at the time of the murder. Callie didn’t scream for help. This is why I believe that she knew and trusted her killer. A stalker may have been able to pull off the entry and exit, but if a stranger comes through a girl’s window while she’s in her room, she would be able to scream and run out before he got his footing inside. No, Callie let her killer in through the window. From there, he presumably began acting erratically, causing her to try to leave the room. At this point he catches her, stabbing her in the back before she screams.”
He’d had so little time to research the Zachary Wells case…
“Asking them to release me. Offering to be my guard.”
“Well, it’s like you said yesterday. You’re the only one who doesn’t think I killed her. It’s in my best interest.”
“I don’t think he did,” Sherlock said quietly.
As hard as I try, I can’t think of her saying anything odd to me as we left, either. I’m pretty sure she just said “Bye, have a good night, see you tomorrow”- that kind of thing.
“But she is caught and killed before she can even scream for help.” Sherlock said bluntly. He had no time for Lestrade’s euphemisms- his curiosity had been captured. Not just by this case, but by this foggy memory coming back to him. He could remember getting home at 10:30 that night, and he lived 15-20 minutes away from the lake depending on his pace. Had two murders truly taken place within minutes of each other? What did that mean? But of course, Lestrade interrupted his thoughts.
The inspectors had been right about her wounds: her arms showed signs of a struggle. She had defended her body with her left arm, but something about the pattern of cuts on her right arm suggested she was reaching out towards the attacker. Was she trying to wrestle the knife away? To take something else from him? Or maybe, if she knew him well enough… she was trying to reason with him.
“Is that what you called for?”
“Good. Now, unless there’s anything urgent you need to see to, I suggest you head home. I wasn’t kidding when I said you looked terrible.”
“We can do that. Thank you, Sherlock.”
“Right. Where is he now?”
“But?”
He found himself analyzing the letter itself. He’d read plenty of written testimonies, but never one that was this informal. And addressed to Sherlock directly- ‘I remember you asking about her,’ and it was conversational- ‘sorry, I’m rambling,’ ‘it’s a girl by the way.’ He even became personal when he talked about Callie and her loss. The abrupt ending also implied being overcome with emotion… but was all of this genuine? Any of it? Was John Watson as friendly and earnest as he seemed? Or was he trying to manipulate Sherlock? And if he was smart enough to do that- well, wouldn’t he be smart enough to see what Sherlock was? How could anyone believe that cold-hearted, unlikeable Sherlock was capable of sympathy?
“The murder of Callie Rogers, specifically the text messages you sent her on the night of the attack,” Sherlock answered briskly, closing the door and sitting down.
He ran into the same problem each time he tried to talk to one of the friends she’d sit with. When he explained that he was helping the police with the investigation, they were touched and eager to thank him, but as soon as he tried to ask them questions, they suddenly had a class to run off to. Most of their answers were the typical platitudes one would expect in regards to a recently deceased acquaintance.
“I’m a busy man, Mr. Watson- if you don’t mind we’ll move quickly through these last questions.”
“Alright. What is it?”
I mean you have a right to be mad I guess but you aren’t acting like yourself? And I thought we were ok?
“Well, murdering Callie Rogers, of course!” Sherlock scoffed, finally climbing back into the room.
He hadn’t. He was hungry and stressed enough that he was also craving another line of cocaine, even though his last one had been just two hours ago.
“No. If anything she seemed happier. She said a few times that she had a lot coming up but it’s close to finals so that didn’t seem out of the ordinary.”
“That’d be Katie’s boyfriend- he came to comfort her at the initial examination of the scene.”
He turned to see none other than John Watson himself waving at him, alone at one of the smaller, four-seat tables along the wall. Unsure of what else to do, Sherlock walked over to him.
But maybe he just wanted it to be Zach to finally tie the two murders together. Maybe Lestrade was right. Maybe he was twisting the evidence to suit his beliefs.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but was too tired and sullen to argue. He got a sandwich from the nearest café and was back at Lestrade’s desk in record time. “I can eat while I work.”
“In the five minutes we’ve been in this room, I’ve learned that you’re a medicine student, that you have a sister, and that your father was a military man. You’re unaggressive and you’re still adjusting to the information that Callie is dead, which would suggest that you are not the man we’re looking for. However, we do suspect that Callie was killed by someone she knew and most likely trusted, a friend such as yourself. Now, judging by how you keep avoiding the question you
“I’ll do it. On my way.”
Watson’s Recount: Sunday, December 6th
“I suppose. Had they already checked those bushes before they found the weapons?”
“She had a couple of drinks, but she wasn’t out of control. Katie was fine, she wasn’t drinking.”
“And you haven’t been expelled?” Sherlock asked, eyebrows raised.
He sighed as he covered the body up and left the morgue. He supposed that the love bite was an important discovery- but it was so faded, and there was always the chance it was just a strangely located bruise. It was coming up to half noon and he couldn’t truthfully say he had learned anything new today.
“Distract us for a while, I guess.”
“My personal life is no business of yours unless it affects my deductive abilities. I assure you my tardiness was a one-time indiscretion-”
He was walking back to his residence hall, but stopped near the lake, his drug-addled brain trying to convince him that it was a good idea to go for a spontaneous midnight swim alone in the dark and fully dressed. He might have done it, too, except that he saw two people already standing on the edge of the water. Sherlock, being rather averse to social interaction even when he had the mental capacity to behave like a law-abiding citizen, decided to keep his distance.
“Were you ever involved with her in any way?”
“It is generally preferable that you don’t divulge details of the case with anyone not affiliated with the investigation.”
“But yesterday you said I was free to go!”
It took him an hour and a half, but he hunted down the phone number of the half-brother and the girl who appeared most frequently in the photos. He wrote them down, but there was a chance they’d be eating dinner, and interviews like these required some degree of etiquette.
John Watson looked a little scruffier after a few days without showering or changing clothes, but he seemed alright. He perked up when he saw Sherlock, at least.
to my classes. The point is to get the degrees. I’m focusing on learning Russian right now, actually.”
“I don’t know. Maybe the stress of the investigation is getting to him.”
have a strong alibi. So you’d do well to cooperate with me, Mr. Watson.”
“Strange…”
“The number of people who would disagree with you could populate a small country.”
Look idk what you're up to rn but can I just be honest for once and say like really fuck you for that whole neuron paper thing
she had been a little more withdrawn in class lately, and her grades had fallen a bit, seemingly due to a lack of effort. Most, however, glided over the last few questions, not wanting to become entangled in a police investigation.
Lestrade turned to his computer and showed Sherlock some security footage, a mere second-long clip of a door flying open and then slamming shut. The way the door opened into the hall, swinging towards the camera, made it impossible to see the person standing behind it. “This happened at 10:15 exactly. We believe that it may show Callie trying to escape- but…”
“Here?!”
Sherlock arrived at the station on Monday with a clear head and a working dose of cocaine running through his bloodstream. Saturday he’d spent getting high, Sunday he’d spent coming down, and he was glad to have been called onto a case- he was getting bored.
When he woke up in the morning, he remembered nothing of what he’d seen.
“Why do you always assume my team and I aren’t making progress?”
In the hall, at least fifteen students were staring at Callie’s room, most muttering as though they were trying to make a decision, while a few were already heading directly for them. “False alarm,” Loman assured the kids, and they shuffled away, confused.
“Don’t be ridiculous, the time frames would never allow that… I think you only killed Zach.”
Sherlock sat on the floor of his living room, back against the couch with his computer on the table in front of him. He checked the clock (10:27 AM) and allowed himself a moment to tilt his head back and rub his eyes. He’d been reading Callie Rogers’s blog all day, and had a moderate amount to show for it. Most was information about her personality, which he noted down in case it became relevant. He had been interested to see how much she revealed about her life- her schedule, her address, people she was close to. He’d been pleasantly surprised, for the most part. She didn’t give a location more specific than ‘England,’ she never mentioned specific classes or what times she was busy, and the only specific person she ever mentioned was Katie, and by first name only. That said, it would have been nice if she had named her boyfriends. The posts in which she referenced them were the most helpful, but she only referred to them with nicknames- usually a feature. Coffee-Shop Guy, Tattoo Guy, etc. The most recent one had been ‘Motorcycle Guy’- well, the second to last one, really. As Sherlock had suspected, she’d been seeing someone new in the past month- and this one wasn’t given a silly nickname. She talked about him in a completely different way. She was vague but made definite references to a future together- she was completely in love.
“I’m confused- earlier you made it sound like you thought I was innocent- now you think I killed them both?”
“Who cares about how it looks? Are you willing to hold an innocent man in custody to preserve your image?”
“I didn’t speak to Callie for a week after I was accused, but when she confessed, I finally asked her what made her do it. She wouldn’t tell me exactly but the way she talked about it… it was almost like she wanted to be expelled. She just kept saying that she thought I’d turned the paper in first, that she never thought I’d be blamed- but she never said anything about getting away with it.”
“Hey! We couldn’t get anything today because Watson is insisting on talking to you. And we were the ones who found the weapon and the phone yesterday.”
“You still haven’t said how he’d come in through the window.”
“In my flat, all night. Alone,” he admitted.
“Creepy, more like. Reading that, knowing that it was just a half hour before-“
“And are you going to tell me that them both knowing him and dying on the same night isn’t extremely suspicious?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but followed him out.
And with that, they sped off towards John’s flat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hope you enjoyed- I promise the next chapter will finally move on to Tues. the 15th and also have more direct interaction between Sherlock and John. I think that will be up either Thursday night or Friday!
“Depends on what you mean by odd- was there something specific that bothered you?”
And then the slash to her face- it always implied anger, hatred, but this was more specific. It was a vertical slash, from eyebrow to lip. It avoided her eyes- even in crimes of passion, humans are squeamish about eyes- but it was clearly targeting her features. Destruction of beauty.
Night was falling now. Sherlock finished looking through the drawers, though still nothing stood out to him. She seemed like a fairly ordinary college student, and he could think of no particular reason anyone would want her dead.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I can’t, Sherlock. Are you still fixed on this Zachary Wells thing?”
Lestrade sighed and led Sherlock back to his desk, opened a file and pulled out a page of the transcriptions:
“Callie and Zach didn’t even know each other- Zach and I were never close; we just kept to our own circles.”
“One of them locked-door cases, isn’t it? There’s only one door in and no one comes in or out anywhere near the time of the murder.”
Are you drunk?
“You found it,” John said, kicking the chair across the table out to indicate that Sherlock should sit down. “We usually sit with our friends Katie and Marcus, but Katie wasn’t ready to face classes yet, and Marcus is staying with her- y’know, to make sure she’s okay.”
“A little. She says she knows I wouldn’t hurt Callie- that it was probably some creep. I didn’t tell her you thought it was a friend,” he admitted.
The guy shrugged. “Mate, if I was good at telling which guys were straight and which weren’t, I would save myself a lot of heartbreak.”
“Because they are easily overwhelmed and I am excellent at closing cases for them, especially those which have little physical evidence.”
“I also write the papers sometimes- but this is off topic. I’m here to talk about Callie Rogers.”
“I think John Watson’s being framed,” he said, as suddenly as it came together in his brain.
“Well there was an… incident- sorry, I- I don’t understand. Aren’t you an officer? Don’t you have a file or something?”
“No.”
“Yeah- I guess he got scared once he realized we suspected him and dumped them.”
“Can you elaborate?” John asked, eyebrow raised, almost smirking at the opportunity to throw Sherlock’s words back at him.
Sherlock brushed off the gratitude, instead continuing with his plan of action. “Her planner also mentions a blog which she appears to have updated regularly. I’m assuming her computer has already been taken into evidence- please have whoever’s put in charge of it find her blog and email me the link. What she wrote in her last days could prove crucial.”
Except that the second man didn’t emerge from the water as the seconds passed. The first man’s hand was reaching out.
“Did anything big happen in the past week- maybe around last weekend? Fights, big news…?”
You were willing to kill my career, after all
Still, another part of him couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something deeper here. It wasn’t just the simultaneous murders or even that they were both connected to John Watson. There was another connection now- neither Callie Rogers or Zachary Wells had screamed, despite fighting their killer before the fatal incident occurred. What had stopped them? Maybe it wasn’t just a coincidence that John Watson was a suspect in both crimes- Sherlock had deduced he was generally nonviolent- had he been tricked? Was Watson a serial killer, one who had a way of keeping his victims silent?
“He put a lot of work into it for it to just be something to play with our heads. To me… it feels like he wanted to make us believe something. We were supposed to… I don’t know, come up with a different theory.”
“Don’t let him out of your sight, Sherlock,” Loman advised. “Anything he does is your responsibility.”
“Hmm. I suppose that does make the case seem easy. John Watson was clearly angry, he goes in through the window to avoid the security cameras, stabs Callie Rogers, and returns home.”
“There’s no audio- what makes you think she didn’t scream?”
As left the scene, Lestrade approached him. “Just got off the phone- we had to let Watson go. You were right, evidence is circumstantial.”
“I suppose,” Sherlock said tiredly. His hands were starting to shake.
“You can do it later. This is boring,” Sherlock tried. “Are you going to update me on the murder case or not?”
“What’s going on?! Loman said something about new evidence?”
“Yes, but I’m concerned that I’m overthinking it. I sometimes have difficulty getting into the mindset of someone… normal.”
“What do you want to know?”
As he pondered this newest mystery, Sherlock began searching the rest of the room. He started with the boxes under her bed, which only contained some shoes and purses, moved on to the wardrobe, and finally ended up in her desk drawers. There was no obvious evidence, but he did find her day planner.
We had the TV on in the background, but I don’t remember what we were watching. We each had a couple drinks throughout the night (except Katie, of course), but we weren’t drunk. I did notice Marcus got a little quieter towards the end, but eventually he told us he had a headache, so that was probably it. Callie and I left to let them get some rest.
Sherlock smiled, then, and the smile went straight to John’s heart, and made it feel strange. “Like I said… you’re welcome, John.”
“Well, good. Not that I’d blame you, I mean, we all know what women and omegas are like, but that’s half your salary down the pan, right?”
“Hm?” he looked around.
“It was. He normally wears button-up shirts, and didn’t think to wear anything else, so he ended up having to take it off and turn it back to front like a poncho,” John laughed softly. “And they got her, and showed him how to hold her, and he just…” John shook his head at the memory.
“And what gender were your parents?”
“He’s the only one who’s been able to admit I’ve wasted my life, but say it without pity.”
“On an app,” Sherlock stood and stretched. “AO Meetings. It’s…” he stopped, and let his arms drop. “I don’t know what else to do.”
omega is the one I want to see, at the moment."
“Yeah, well, that was before I needed his space, and sharpish.”
"Yes - but I'm not telling him. I can't just... What if he hates me? What if he thinks I've been lying to him? I've not."
“No.” John stood for a moment, then took off his jacket, hanging it on the hook with venom. “No, really, not.”
Sherlock just shook his head.
He looked around, at Mycroft, who still looked utterly stricken.
But still, he didn’t move.
It was a down-on-his-luck detective inspector, who picked up Sherlock for stealing, and brought him in for questioning.
“I’m his mate,” John interjected, without thinking.
There was something at the bottom of it.
“What?”
After which, he stood and sat in the guest's chair, still holding John's hand, to prevent any further incidents. With his free hand, he texted Lestrade the information he had gathered on the case, informing the man that he was indisposed, and until further notice would not be taking any more cases.
He could hear the envelope being torn open. Paper being unfolded.
“Pencil,” Sherlock repeated, curling a thin arm-tip around the stick, and lifting it from John’s hand. He examined it, noting the exposed grey tip, the same colour as the markings. He turned his arm and made to press it to the paper, struggling with the motion.
John nodded, accepting a new planner from the kid next to him, and scribbling his name and address in the front before copying the relevant subjects into the week from the display on the whiteboard.
“You saved the world, Sherlock. You saved Mycroft, and Molly, and Lestrade, and Mrs Hudson –”
Like two softening bits of candle-wax, their bodies shifted, just enough to turn the hug into an embrace. John’s head tucked under Sherlock’s chin, and his soft belly pushed against Sherlock’s solid flat one, and they were still holding each other, in the stark bright lights of the living room.
“We’re hoping John will get to hold her, today,” Sherlock said. “No promises, of course.”
Thank you, all, so much, everyone who has read and supported this fic, and ESPECIALLY everyone who has downloaded a copy of my ebook (see my Tumblr). You guys are the best, and I owe you all so much. Bless you. xx
They reached the doors, and John skidded to a halt, taking several steps backward, for good measure.
“Wouldn’t be the first time an omega’s played away,” Sherlock smirked.
“But you were thinking it,” John nudged Sherlock, who covered his mouth to hold in a grin.
“John…” Sherlock gripped at John’s thigh, trying to make his meaning clear. He felt light-headed from the urge to fuck into the man’s body. He had never felt it so deeply before, it was like a primal instinct telling him he had to penetrate this man. He
“It’s your room,” John took the seat opposite. “Just don’t leave mugs and plates rotting up there and we’ll get along fine.”
“Thank you,” John said. “I’ll tell him.” He closed the door quickly. And rested his head against the door. “Well, that’s that.”
“You don’t have to kill them, just bite them,” Sherlock corrected, though mentally he acknowledged that one was quite likely to lead to the other until John learned self-restraint. The only reason he wasn’t throwing himself out of the window to get at the humans outside was the shock of his transformation. That would pass. Sherlock needed to locate a victim before John took matters into his own hands. He might not have turned John, but the man – no – the new vampire was still his responsibility. He should have protected him better, whilst he was still alive.
John glanced at Sherlock. “We haven’t really…”
. And the man fell to his knees, hands to his face.
John hummed, or swallowed, and moved again, this time with purpose, swallowing Sherlock’s hand with his own, threading his fingers inbetween, lacing them together like knots holding a ship to the marina walls in a storm.
Babies…
Sherlock sighed. “Fine.” He stuffed his hands into his pockets, and John realised he hadn’t answered the bullying question. Maybe he couldn’t. That was ok.
“I’m not sorry we kissed,” Sherlock said quickly, quietly.
Sherlock picked a bit of skin off his thumb.
John shook his head. “She’s doing it. I daren’t move. But she’s doing it.” He glanced down, only moving his eyes. “I don’t even want to breathe.”
‘I’m not looking for a mate,’ Sherlock clarified. ‘But I’m not not looking for one, either. I don’t know how else I can live the life I want.’
Sherlock moved his head to see John standing over him, pen-knife in one hand, bottle of coke in the other.
October became November, and then December.
‘I don’t want to die.’
Sherlock nodded, dropping his towel and climbing, stark-naked, onto the bed, and half-leaning, half-lying on the pile on pillows at the top, his body – skinnier and lither than John remembered it – stretched out like a brush-stroke.
He stood up, and locked his office door, before returning to the desk.
“Nothing so crass,” Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Mostly administration.”
“I don’t know, I don’t own any scales,” John admitted. “But maybe a bit.”
John quietly shut down his mental assessment. "Your parents left you here?"
Sherlock cursed himself. “A friend. He… isn’t allowed over, anymore.”
“I’m engaged,” John blurted. “I – I have a fiancé.”
‘But he covered for you? That’s cool. Alphas usually love it when omegas make a mistake, even if it’s getting their drinks order wrong.’ Faye sniffed. Then grinned. ‘What about Mr Thorne?’
John swallowed the pill, and lay back on the pillow. His thoughts wandered as the drug took effect.
The slow ache of mourning seemed to drain down his limbs, replaced by the cold facts of the truth.
“Got most things for the right price. Except girls, ha! You want a score? No freebase, though.”
“John,” Mycroft was kneeling in front of him, as no alpha should. “You can get go of them, now. It’s ok.”
John opened the door. He was shirtless, and Sherlock was pleased to see the scar of his gunshot wound was still there. “Sherlock, I know when you’re avoiding the question.”
The train pulled into a station.
“That was the first time I’d seen it,” Sherlock said, making himself sound innocent.
This time, the grip on Sherlock’s head tightened, moving to the base of his skull. It didn’t feel bad. Neither did the kissing. It felt like presses to his mouth, that were a little damp, but not terrible. It felt like having your mouth wiped with a hanky, dampened with spit.
"I know. I just had some news I thought you might want to hear."
Sherlock flexed his hand, before putting it into his pocket. “Yes. Thank you…”
John swallowed. Was her own father the father of her baby? The thought made the omega twist under the duvet, and pull his knees up. It wasn’t just being grossed out – it was sheer disgust, the fact that incest had, probably, taken place, and made a person. A baby. It was horrifying, and John put his hands over his face as if he could hide from the thought of it.
John resisted the urge to put a hand to his abdomen. He didn’t like to think about being pregnant, not in public, in case he slipped up. His scent was as disguised as it could be, with him still on blockers, but if anything happened… if anyone found out and
John couldn’t listen to any more. He pushed off the wall, and walked into the office, to try and do some work he knew he wouldn’t be able to concentrate on.
“Don’t you dare stop.”
“This was all we could get hold of that’s suitable for your age,” she said, apologetically. “If you have any questions, Sherlock, you can always ask me, or another teacher, or your parents.”
Sherlock put his shoulders back. "What you've seen from me doesn't erase the things I've done, but I know that won't change your mind, so I'll let it go.”
Mycroft oversaw handing Sherlock his laptop and clothes. They had been liberated from Victor’s house, along with his schoolwork.
Just temporarily.
“No,” John felt himself blush, “but me and my baby will be a family. Just a small one.”
Only he could feel it. The loneliness of his situation suddenly grabbed hold of him in a choke, not letting go.
Sherlock blinked, and touched where John’s hand had been on his forehead.
“That’s sailors,” John pushed his plate away. “And no.” His stomach suddenly felt weird and swimmy. He put a hand to the side of his right hip.
“It is,” John agreed, not even slightly sorry they’d stopped. Was this what it was like for betas? No insatiable lust to deal with? If Sherlock had been an omega, would John feel this calm? He’d like to think he had that much self-control, but if there had been a beautiful omega under him, he didn’t like to think about it.
End of Part One! thanks for all the love and support for this fic!
“You said you wanted to scent John?”
John moaned against Sherlock's lips, hands gripping Sherlock's shirt front, his back, his knees seeming to collapse beneath the weight of the kiss as John went pliant against him, and Sherlock lifted him easily., his tongue sweeping John's, tasting his concern and his matched desire.
“… maybe.” John rolled onto his back, winced, then then onto his opposite side to face Sherlock. “I know, you haven’t lived with me, properly, before. But you have lived with
“And a new year beckons,” Cam offered his arm to Sherlock, who took it. “Let us hope that you have a wonderful year being fifteen, and everything life has to offer.” He released him as they got closer to the large screen showing Big Ben.
She wiped her eyes, and looked at him.
Sherlock brought the cups of tea over, and sat down beside John.
“Oh fuck…” Sherlock breathed. “John… more.”
He’d never been more certain in his life. The odds had to have been microscopic. But Sherlock had been defying odds for his entire life.
Thank you for all the support with this fic! It means a lot to me to see so many lovely comments, kudos and subscriptions!
John looked at the box of clothes. Then at Sherlock. “Why do you think he did this? The clothes, and the pram, and the hospital, I mean?”
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s fine.”
“You don’t have to read it,” Cam said. “I saw it for auction, and it tickled me. You know, a lot of the myths we as a society keep about omegas actually stem from that book?”
Lestrade looked him up and down, then nodded. “Well. Good for you for not forcing him. I see it a lot, as you’d imagine. The age differences I see… Sixty year old alphas on their third or fourth omega, and their newest one is a teenager. I have to say I find it all a bit distasteful.”
Sherlock's smile fell. "While he's under my what?"
Don't be mad? One more chapter to go...
John rolled his eyes, then tried to make a grateful face. Difficult, when your mouth was wide open.
They looked at each other.
“A few weeks of celibacy and suddenly you’re as desperate as a teenager, John?” Sherlock grinned, fangs descending with a slick noise that made John give a soft gasp. Sherlock gave a dark laugh, then rut his hips against John firmly in a rhythm that was unsteady and difficult to guess at. John groaned in frustration and need, holding tight to Sherlock’s belt, griping with his legs, the rub and pressure over his cock making John flinch and moan under his breath.
John felt as though he might cry, again. Instead, he grabbed Mycroft around the chest, and pulled him into a hug – the first real touch they’d had since John had hit Mycroft with a cricket bat, some ten years ago.
John glanced at the open door. “That’s not incriminating, Mycroft. This has nothing to do with you. It’s not your family. You shouldn’t keep fucking tabs on me!”
“It’s alright,” John said.
Sherlock’s chest tightened, hotly. “No,” he said. “He’s my… friend.” His face tingled, so he looked away.
"Mm. I suppose. It wouldn't be so suspicious if the reports we received had said differently." Sherlock looked up at John, who stared down at him. "I need to talk to the coroner."
, though each order was delivered with a smile, as though the alpha was enjoying the whole thing.
“Sherlock…” John leaned up, chasing a kiss as Sherlock’s hand stroked over his cock, feather-light, then up to the curve of his pregnant stomach.
“Yes. Doctor Watson, I’ll have him back by midnight.”
“I think they even have special rooms,” Sherrinford added.
Cam didn’t press a second time. “Goodnight, then, boys,” he said to Sherlock.
And in the centre of the space was James Moriarty, holding up a very dead-looking John Watson.
His dad sighed. ‘I saw the letter. Congratulations, by the way. You must have impressed them at school, that college is usually… well, it’s usually for the upper classes, put it that way. Private school nobs, you know?’
Sherlock didn't respond, but listened to the other end of the line ring until it was picked up. He put it on speaker. "This is Patterson."
“In front of Mycroft.”
The straight lines on the sides of his breasts, where he cut.
“What are you two gurning about?” Sherlock waddled over, frowning.
Sherlock pretended to watch the screen, mentally identifying John’s foot-bones as he moved. He let his eyes travel up, over John’s legs, his stomach, chest, shoulders… he silently imagined what the impact scar would look like. John had said it was on his shoulder, but where? Was it raised, or flat? A star, or a neat circle? Sherlock’s eyes went up, and met John’s.
‘Not to be crude,’ Cam said, tartly, ‘but not all bondings are the stuff of romance, Sherlock. Bites… happen.’
“I think I’ll get the boys home,” he said, standing up. “Since it looks like you’re settling for the night?”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Mummy, what exactly –”
“Like you’ve not done enough tossing in the holidays?” someone leered.
Sherlock's black skinny jeans didn't fit him anymore. John noticed they hadn't been through the wash in a few weeks. His mate hadn't mentioned it.
“Ok, I won’t.”
John was already in his new pyjamas and dressing down and slippers, feeling very much a little boy as he waved shyly to Sherlock, who raised his arms for a hug before realising John was not going to step into the open embrace.
“I don’t use it,” the vampire said, eyes glued to his microscope.
“Are you alright?” Sherlock didn’t come in. “You’ve been quiet. I thought you might be asleep.”
“Right. Did you get that guy to stop bleeding?”
“No…” John watched the ultrasound tech set up her station.
Sherlock looked away first. “I can’t do this. Not now, I’m too…” he made a sort of shaking gesture with his arms.
“I want you to choose.”
He was not surprised when Sherrinford moved out, a fresh bite mark on his throat, to live with a man he’d apparently been courting for a few months. There was a party, after that, and John had spent most of it hiding in his room to avoid questions about who he was.
“Let me see,” John reached, and cupped Sherlock’s chin, turning his head to look. “It’s not bleeding…”
“Have you asked him if he’d want to go?”
“Sherlock, I am… I am an… omega,” John’s lip curled in distaste as he said it. “But… that’s not what I wanted to say.”
Sherlock smirked, and pressed a finger to the dark spot, making John shudder and twitch his hips against the touch. “Missed you.”
“Not the first time I’ve been accused of that,” John grinned. “But you can believe what you like, it doesn’t matter. You’re not here for a theology lesson.”
“Probably, but I don’t care,” Sherlock said.
John heaved again, his mind refusing to accept what had happened.
‘I know it would be ages.’
Jim patted the seat beside him. “Room for one more, Sherlock.”
Long-ass chapter.
brave to fight off an intruder.
he does, it’ll be when I’m older.”
“It means he’s going to be insufferable.”
Sherlock caught his hands. “I mean… it isn’t fair that I get to know you now, and then… you’ll go. After all we’ve been through.” He winced. “Were meant to go through, I mean.”
John didn’t protest, but pinched himself hard on the leg to stop him saying something stupid.
John woke up a few hours later as Sherlock put a fresh glass by his bed. “Oh…” he pulled the covers over his head.
‘Cross that bridge when you come to it?’ Mycroft offered. ‘Sherlock, this isn’t a plan. It’s madness.’
“You said you wouldn’t want me even if I matured right now,” Sherlock rolled his neck back, letting John nose under his chin. “John…”
The winds of December changed, and the snows arrived. Patchy and dry at first, blowing around the frozen streets. And then wet and clingy, lumping up against walls and in the parks, leaving blank patches on the concrete and tarmac where people walked, eventually taking over the pavements and bringing the traffic to a standstill. ‘Going to be a white Christmas,’ people said as they carried home bags of parcels and presents.
“People don’t know what to say,” Sherlock said, as he wheeled John to the lift, so they could go up to see their baby. “It’s nothing personal. It’s just… hospitals.”
“No… please!” Sherlock parted his legs further, utterly wantonly, and John’s began to finger-fuck him with purpose, not fast, but firmly, a steady stroke that was met with scissored fingers and deep, soft rubs against his prostate. Sherlock barely seemed to notice as John slid a third finger into him, more lubricant running down John’s hand, soaking Sherlock’s skin, dripping out of his entrance with every thrust.
John tried to stay reasonable, comforting his mate who seemed in genuine distress over nothing. He made Sherlock hot chocolate, and stroked his back, and hovered over him in what was probably quite an annoying way, but Sherlock didn’t tell him to go away.
A small-ish man with greying hair, and what could probably be described as a kind smile, was leaning against the bridge. The snow fell on him like confetti, though Sherlock could see no footprints where the man had walked up. He must have been stood still longer than he thought.
There was a gentle laugh from behind him.
“You,” John turned to take Sherlock’s face in his hands, “will be the most beautiful mother there has ever been. I will love you in exactly the same way, because you’re my mate, and I loved you before we even bonded, Sherlock. And you know what?”
“Alright…” Sherlock shrugged, though a cold worm of discomfort was now making its way through his insides. “Why ‘Cam’, though?”
“Are they suitable?” Sherlock asked, bringing two cups of tea over to the sofa.
In hushed whispers: “You didn’t say he was your alpha!”
“Until,” John sighed. “Your rut, and then the whole… business… with your dad…”
"Indeed, how thoughtless," Sherlock said back, bending to John's will and leaning to connect their lips.
“I’m sorry.”
Sherlock put a hand on John’s chest, and pushed him away.
“Gosh, I’d hardly dare hold it…”
“Everyone dies. Everything dies. It happens, it’s fine. I didn’t want it to happen to me so soon, because I thought I had more work to do, but I was just going to accept it. But, it’s different, now. I – I don’t want to die at all. I’m going to die, and you’re going to stay alive, and it’s so bloody unfair!”
Sherlock nodded, and put them in his inside pocket. “Have a good term,” he said, feeling slightly hopeless.
"Good day, Lestrade."
. “Ok…”
Sherlock snorted. “That’s a very loose definition, then.”
“And I’ll keep you up to date with the case you helped me with?”
“You know I’m in here,” came a snappish reply.
John was very glad it was dark, because he could feel himself going bright red. “So…. Tell them that!”
friend on your special day. And your last day off! It’s crap. You should have just come over to mine.”
It was about time.
“No,” Sherlock could hear the little girl starting to wail, and her mother – Molly – shushing her in panic.
After a while, Sherlock sighed. "Spit it out, then."
Mycroft slowed his walking pace so he was at Sherlock’s side. “Who did you see?”
Sherlock made a noise that could have meant anything.
John gave a tiny smirk as he watched Sherlock touch himself. “And here I was worried.”
‘Oh, thank god,’ Sherlock breathed, putting his cup down and coming over to the bed. The baby was asleep in the crook of his arm, wearing a lemon-yellow sleepsuit and a knitted hat. Her squashed little face was screwed up as if she was concentrating hard on her dream.
John blinked, then shook his head, grabbing a towel from the radiator and clamping it over Sherlock’s chest, pressing hard with one hand as he snatched his phone, and pressed ‘Call’.
“Yes…” Mycroft sighed, then slunk up the stairs.
“Beautiful.”
“What of?”
John looked up. There was no one there.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, then reached over. He took the card from John’s hand, and put it down before clasping his hand tight. “You,” he said, “are not this experience. You are not this, and nothing else. Nothing could be further from the truth.”
“Doesn’t that bother you?”
Sherlock went over to him. “Are you alright?”
“No, that took a few seconds, but after your scan I had to go to Belgium for a few days for a case,” Sherlock shrugged. “The aftermath of the, er, break-up took several days. And isn’t resolved.”
John watched him go, before ripping the card in half and throwing it into a corner of his room. He got back into bed, and punched his pillow. The conversation with Mycroft has just made him feel worse. The nausea was back, alongside a tense sort of guilt that was strapped around his chest.
Sherlock swallowed hard.
Sherlock didn’t react.
Even if Sherlock didn’t love him back, John had to at least admit it to himself. He had to come to terms with it.
“Vict –”
John stayed perfectly still. A punch now could send them both to the floor. Or it might be like thumping a brick wall, if James was amped up enough. So he froze, and averted his gaze, keeping his arm and hand rigid over his abdomen.
‘I dunno about die out,’ John said, ‘it just means they can choose when to have a baby, surely?’
“You’ll have to break your halo out for me to believe you,” Sherlock smirked, leading the way to the gates. He took out of the bars with a hand, and shook it. “Locked, at this hour, anyway.”
“My Sherlock,” John kissed over the young man’s collarbones. “My love, I want you so much.”
“Then…” Sherlock held a hand out.
“A bit,” John took his medicine. “I joined the army to get away from the world. Or my world as it was when I was eighteen. Not many opportunities for a teenager with no money and no support. The military just seemed obvious. I wasn’t expecting to actually like it, and when I got into my degree as well... honestly, it was like someone had turned around and given me the world. I’d had nothing before. I guess I’m scared of ending up with nothing again.”
“Yes – we crashed, and fell – I got up straight away, I promise.” John realised he was crying.
John knocked on the door.
“I’d know,” John’s voice cracked. “I’d… I’m not meant to want this.”
“Cheers,” John wiped an old tissue down his wrist, and carried on writing, before capping the pen and leaning back. “Uh, talk about first day mayhem, right?”
“Ok,” Sherlock smiled wider.
John sat back and took in the sight. A seventeen-year-old omega, with his omega daughter in the crook of his arm, in their warm home. With him. “I never thought things would end up like this,” he said suddenly.
“Enough, I suppose.”
“We have to go back to the airport,” she sighed, irritably. “Mycroft’s case didn’t get loaded onto the plane, and it needs collecting. I don’t know what he’s going to do.”
He’d just have to find somewhere to live, by himself, before Sherlock Holmes found out.
“But, speaking of being up all night,” Sherlock shrugged, and shuffled forward to sit on the end of the bed. “I was wondering… if you wanted to try something?”
“No, I don’t think so,” John clarified. “Rather… I feel like if you were to leave me… I would probably die.”
John’s lips formed a soundless word. “…what?”
Sherlock heaved himself out of the water, pausing to let the rivulets of moisture run down his body. John noticed Sherlock had a strong-looking musculature – he hadn’t seen that in the dimness of the cave – and that his tentacles were quite capable of pushing his weight from the water, though were not firm enough to act as transport once out of it – Sherlock had to crawl, dragging himself as his tentacles pushed on the rocks to sort of propel him but not work like legs at all. Though his skin was clearly tougher than John’s, as the rocks left no marks where they bit into it. John’s knees, on the other hand, were still sore from their rough treatment over the stone a week ago.
, my problem is you.” He stormed out, and slammed the car door shut, starting down the pavement.
Sherlock pressed the pillow into his face, and waited for tears to come.
John relented instantly. ‘Bedroom.’ He stepped away, and Sherlock darted towards the room they shared. John would check on Birdie, close the doors, and then follow.
He was on a plane within the next hour, his hands shaking as he prayed to a god he didn’t believe in that his little brother would be ok.
John's bed was so cold it felt damp. He stuck his head under the covers and breathed hard, counting on his breath and body heat to warm up the space.
No matter how many kind doctors or modern thinkers there were, there were always going to be those people who thought he was being selfish, irresponsible, or ‘fallen’ in some way.
And John was there.
“Oh, dear…” Violet sighed, coming out to wave the car off. She spotted John, getting to his feet in his footy kit. “Sorry you had to see that, John. First rut is never pleasant.”
John put a hand gently to Sherlock’s jaw. “I can’t feel that. What you said. I just feel… thirst. I’m sorry.”
John hoped he couldn’t see the reflection of him putting a hand to his aching chest.
Until the look on Mycroft’s face made his brain quickly rewire.
And so it had been, onwards, from there.
“I’ve seen it on University Challenge,” Harry smiled, and John looked at his plate, wishing his fish would come back to life and swallow him to avoid this. “Why aren’t you taking John with you?”
“Boy,” the doctor corrected.
Sherlock smiled, and sipped at his lemonade. His insides felt weird and out of place, and he wanted to take a shower, but there was no chance of that. It hadn’t been the sort of first time you got in the movies, for sure, and it had
“I suppose so.”
Sherlock made to stand, but the vice around his wrist tightened, and he stayed seated. “Hello,” he said.
Their eyes met, and Sherlock knew John was thinking of those moments, too…
“Thanks,” John blushed, realising the doctor was the first person to say that, to him.
Lestrade clicked his tongue. “Anyone would think you didn’t want to get out of London.”
He stood, staring at the rails and rows of tiny outfits like a man transfixed. There was a pink section, a white section, and a blue section. Until a child presented a secondary gender, they were defined by their sex, and society went to town with it. Boys were treated differently from girls, even if they might end up being the same gender once they hit puberty. It was completely mad.
John could feel James' cock hardening further in his mouth, and he had no desire to choke. He gripped the base suddenly, pulling off against the force of James' hands, and pulled him through his orgasm. Come splattered onto John's chest and neck.
Sherlock liked him.
John looked down at him, enjoying how Sherlock hadn’t chosen to lean over him.
“Thank you, John.”
John wondered if they were going to be invited inside the big house, at all.
“Yeah,” Sherlock rocked back and forth again. “I know.”
"You're teasing me," John said breathily, his hands winding in Sherlock's hair.
“All the time, now,” John said. “Sherlock hasn’t, though.”
“No, just… give me a minute.”
John took his hand from Sherlock’s chest. “It makes you feel guilty, if we’re like this?”
“Fine,” John snapped. His heart was hammering, he was sweating hard, and he was about to ruin at least two lives, possibly four.
He’d be kicked out for sure. No one wanted to be associated with someone like him. He knew it was ridiculous to even be in his position – he could still sort this out, it wasn’t too late.
Sherlock gave John an hour to calm down. He used the time to contact Mrs Hudson and tell her to stay away for the remainder of the month, money would be no object for her to book herself into any hotel she pleased. Sherlock considered contacting Mycroft, but couldn’t face it. The knowing looks and
When John was fourteen, Ryan from his class took a sudden week off, and when he came back was moody and sulky until Tom talked to him, and found out Ryan was the first in their omega class to go into heat. The news caused ripples of anxiety to go through the other boys, and for weeks afterwards they were all a mess checking themselves for signs of puberty, with Tom winding himself up into a frenzy after developing a fever that turned out to be the start of a difficult cold, rather than anything else.
“It’s
John felt himself lifted, princess-style, off the floor, and put under the covers. Someone took off his shoes and belt, and then a warm body – his mate – slipped in behind him, holding him close.
“He made you breakfast?”
“Dwelling and blame don’t help anyone, and stress is the last thing anyone needs,” John said. He put a hand to Sherlock’s arm, and gently pushed it down to the bed, so the young man wasn’t holding his arms in the are unnecessarily. He felt cold. “Do you want to talk about it?”
It was Saturday morning. Sherlock and Mycroft’s parents had been home for about sixteen seconds.
“That’s ok,” Sherlock didn’t move to take the cup, and sat far enough away so John didn’t have to lean over him to plonk the teapot on the table, either.
Victor put his head on one side, eyes darting over John’s face, searching for recognition. “Have we met before? Before you came with a case, I mean?”
But the detective inspector sped past him, wheels spinning, into the night, leaving John in the middle of central London, by himself.
“I’m not doing it because I feel like I have to,” John said gently. He badly wanted to reach across the table and touch Sherlock’s hand to be reassuring. “Sherlock, you know I like having you here, don’t you?”
“But you’d still submit.” It wasn’t a question. “Fighting it makes it more difficult for me to help you.”
“It is,” John agreed. He raised a hand, tentatively, then touched at Sherlock’s collar-bone, before moving down.
His heart suddenly hurt.
Someone had spoken to him.
John knew how to keep his face impassive, and not surprised. He and his parents had been told there was a possibility of one of two options for John to end up engaged to. It looked like it had already been decided.
John pulled him close by the shirt-front, so Sherlock was pressing him against the wall, and kissing him deeply, and oh
“It can mean as much as you want it to,” Greg said. “You love him. You’re not leaving him because he’s abusive or cheating or whatever. You’re leaving because it’s self preservation. There’s no betrayal to get over, no one to blame. It’s just… something you think needs to happen.”
“Hello, John.” Sherlock forced a tiny smile, making less than one second of eye-contact before going red and looking back at the heart-rate monitor in the corner.
“Don’t be so sure, Mycroft does live here, after all.”
“Afraid so,” Sherlock said. “Omegas are usually women, yes, but you work in the same way.”
safe.
“It wasn’t lucky, what happened,” Sherlock said. “But it gave us time, at least. You’ve got your career.”
They now walked hand-in-hand back from rugby on a Friday. And John accepted kisses on the head from Sherlock, though they hadn’t come close to a kiss on the mouth, yet. That still felt far too intimate. Sherlock was courting John very gently, and John was grateful. Though there was no telling how long they had before John matured, Sherlock was behaving as though they had all the time in the world. And that felt just perfect.
, he thought silently.
John gave a choke of pleasure, then anticipation crackled over his skin as Sherlock leaned down and licked the tip of his cock with the point of his tongue. Sherlock’s fangs scraped gently over the sensitive and erect flesh, not drawing blood but making John shudder and moan, gripping the sheets.
They kissed fiercely, sloppily, without any sort of co-ordination, both of them trying to find a rhythm, and neither of them quite getting there. John opened his mouth as Sherlock licked over his lower lip, tasting the sweat of their run. John was clutching hard at Sherlock’s back, letting himself be held tight, and Sherlock felt the omega’s confusion as his body wished for him to submit but his brain did not wish to. It was arousing – moreso than Sherlock would have anticipated – and the shock of his cock responding to the kisses, of his jaw aching with the start of the need to bite…
“Ah.” Cam sat back in his swivel chair. “A competitive field. Fields. Although, I understand there are scholarships, if one is willing to combine the two.”
John nodded. He tried to imagine Sherlock and him with a herd of children. Most omegas had large families – all alpha babies running around, swinging off the ceiling lights and chewing the furniture.
‘Same, mate. I reckon he won’t show his face, though. He had his chance.’
Their parents looked at each other.
Sherlock scowled at him, then grinned back. “Maybe a little.”
Sherlock swallowed with a wince, never having gotten used to the texture, and wiped his mouth on the back of his hand as John went scarlet, reaching to try and yank his trousers back up.
A tiny, screwed-up, red and pink creature lay on its back on a soft-looking pad. It’s fingers, with fingernails like splinters of sea-shell, were curled around some of the wires.
“Isn’t there anyone else you could… contact?” Mycroft asked, and John could hear him wincing.
“Yes, and I’ve forgiven you for it. I believe it was a mistake on your part. But as I said, Sherlock, I’m an older man. I’ve learnt that I cannot be choosy. If I must die alone, so be it. But I would also settle, where others would not. I am experienced enough to forgive, where younger men would hold a grudge.”
He just didn’t know John could
Lucy’s smile faded as she craned her neck upwards and met Sherlock’s almost maniacally charming grin. “Do you have an appointment?” she said stoically, as though she dealt with aggressively pleasant 6’ detectives in long black coats on a routine basis.
"For God’s sake, John, I’m sure; get on with it," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes.  "The more you…
“You seem to know the area pretty well,” John tried.
"Look at the sleeve," John said, still typing.
John made it to shore first, and as he heaved himself up onto the gravel, he was relieved to see the houseboat speeding off, having chosen to flee rather than pursue them.  Then he realized he had no idea where Sherlock was, and his anxiety slammed back into him.  He started pacing the riverbank scanning the water for any sign of Sherlock, and eventually spotted him lying face-down in some mud and reeds, camouflaged by his dark clothes.
Sherlock blinked, his rant completely derailed by the unexpected shock of John’s retaliation.
"You don’t disapprove at all, do you?"  Sherlock said, looming into John’s personal space.
A moment later, the door re-opened.  "Did I just --" John said, staring intently at the wall beside him.
“No, but I would rather the Lord Mount-James think it was.  Keeps him docile and out of our way,” Sherlock said.
to ‘find happiness’?”
"John, are you… is everything…"
"Afraid so, John," Sherlock insisted.  "Maybe you stopped breathing completely, and it woke you up."
“Yes.  Well.  I... did make it back to the pathology building in time to speak with a few of Dr. Armstrong’s students,” Sherlock said, looking remarkably chastened (for him).  “It seems she’s suspended office hours this week, and she leaves as soon as class is over.  I thought I was already too late to follow her, and decided to visit her other regular haunts to ask around.  But I turned out to be very lucky, and actually ran into her at the very first stop I made: a shopping complex not far from here.  She was coming out of the chemist’s with a rather large bag, and I slipped around the side of the building to avoid being seen.  I thought I’d been successful,” he said, with a wry twist to his mouth, “but she must have spotted me then, or at least become suspicious.  At any rate, she got into her vehicle and drove off.  But again, luck was with me - there was a Zipcar nearby, and I was able to follow her.”
“John!  Wake up!” Sherlock shouted, six inches from John’s face, then shook him roughly by the shoulder.  “I want to get going!”
“Hello!” she said at last, smiling at John. “Can I help you?”
Sherlock had gotten his hair cut that morning.  And as rarely as
A moment later, they heard the sharp, firm steps of a well-dressed authority figure striding down the hall, followed by the woman herself. Dr. Leslie Armstrong was a tall woman in her 60s (taller than John, but not quite Sherlock’s height), and her gray suit and short but stylish hair emanated taste and confidence.
happened, John had never seen it
The next time John woke it had just gone daylight, and Sherlock was deep asleep in the bed next to him.  He looked younger, softer somehow.  John thought about all the traumas and sorrows that lined Sherlock's face when awake, and was overcome with a fierce, constricting affection.  He lay awake with it for a good hour, watching the sun climb the wall.  But eventually he must have gone under again.
“Mr. Hollister, is Jeff here?”  Sherlock asked, now back in the entryway with them, and looking towards the stairs.
“What exactly happened, Cy?  When was the last time you saw Jeff?”  John asked.
John bolted awake with the metallic-electric taste of fear in his mouth and his pulse rushing past his eardrums.  It wasn’t the usual hot sand and searing pain of Afghanistan that woke him, though.  It was Sherlock’s blood streaming past his ice-blue eyes and pooling on the pavement.  But now the quiet darkness of John’s room enveloped him, and he consciously tried to calm his gasping breath and thundering heartbeat.
something,” Sherlock whined, still cocooned.
"Sherlock," John said, then very carefully set down the remote, turned to his friend, and kissed him.
“I see,” he replied.
Sherlock popped the latch and slid the door open in one fluid motion.  In two strides his foot was on the railing, then he was launching himself at the river.  John took an instant longer to climb the railing and vault himself over.  They were counting on the driver being occupied at the other end, plus the engine noise between them, to cover their exit.  But a second man noticed them immediately and started firing shots in their direction.  Their only hope was to dive, and swim for the riverbank as fast as possible.
"John," Sherlock croaked, from under his pile of duvets on the sofa.  "John!"
“I have absolutely no idea what you’re talking about,” Sherlock said acidly, trying desperately not to shiver.
“All right?” John asked quietly.
“Nor should you,” Sherlock said.  “Thank you, Doctor Armstrong.  And again, I’m very sorry.”
John looked up from this email to see Sherlock at the kitchen table, holding what appeared to be a swatch of John’s favorite jumper over the flame of a lit bunsen burner.  John rolled his eyes vigorously and began to type--
“I’ve absolutely no idea, but I’m prepared to go find out,” Sherlock said, passing John a scrap of paper with an address on it.
"No," John said, and lifted his hand to point at Moriarty; dazedly, Sherlock realized there was a gun in it. "I must be in shock too," he thought muzzily as the gun flashed, and an eternity later, the sound exploded from it. Moriarty froze, his eyes round with shock, and tried to speak. No sound came out. After a minute, a bright bloom of blood appeared on his shirt, and he staggered backwards and slid down the wall.
"I don’t know what that means," Sherlock said softly, "but it’s a
Oh. There was John by the punch bowl.
“That’s a shame,” came John’s distracted reply.  “Oh, Tesco’s having a sale on jam this week... I’ll have to remember to go.”
"Oh, yeah, doesn’t surprise me.  I was bashed in the head by what felt like an entire log floating by.  No concussion though, it’ll be fine."  John sat down heavily in the mud next to Sherlock and leaned against his side.  "For a second I thought I’d lost you again, when I saw you lying there…"  Sherlock felt John shivering, and slipped an arm around his waist to draw him closer.
“Oh, I’ll have it cold,” Sherlock said.  “Pass it over.”  He looked up from the laptop and turned his wide blue eyes on John.  “Tea?” he asked, hopefully.
I found your little device on my vehicle this morning. I also presume that it’s you or your partner who’s watching my house from the room across the street. I advise you to cease and desist all attempts to invade my privacy, or I shall have to contact the police.
It was nearly two hours before John was willing to call Sarah, and although Sherlock (surprisingly) didn’t nag John too much, John couldn’t help but notice all the fidgeting and loud sighing.  Still, if Sherlock wasn’t going to actually say anything, John was damn well going to take advantage and follow up on that breakfast he was fantasizing about. Anyway, it would make them less memorable if they visited the chemist’s at a reasonable time, as opposed to being the oddly enthusiastic blokes who popped in right after opening.
They stood there idly for a few minutes, Sherlock occasionally bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet with his hands clasped behind his back, listening to Lucy’s voice murmur behind the door. Finally the door opened again, but only the secretary’s head emerged. This time, she was much less friendly.
“Certain. I’ll be less conspicuous and lighter on my feet alone, and you’ll be useful to me here, observing,” Sherlock said. “Besides, it’ll give you a couple of hours without me, to catch up on those repugnant webinars you insist on listening to.”
"Well, it’s not really something you can help, it just happens to you," John replied, calming a bit now that he’d got Sherlock talking.  "Falling in love, I mean, not the murder spree part.  That doesn’t happen to most people, thank God.  And it wasn’t about love, Sherlock, that woman was just
“Nothing concrete, but Staunton did get an email from his Director of Studies urging him to call her as soon as possible, just before he disappeared.  I say we pay Dr. Armstrong a visit.”
“The lad's only been missing since dinner yesterday, but he left visibly distressed without a word to anybody.  I’d say it was only about a five, but I was hoping --”
I’d love to help.  Why don’t you come round Baker Street and tell us more about it?  Hopefully it’ll catch Sherlock’s attention, too…”
“Lord Mount-James,” interjected Sherlock in his poshest and most charming voice.  “perhaps you’ve had such a shock emotionally that you’ve failed to consider a likely motive.  Oh dear, I hate to be the one to suggest such a scandalous thing to you, but... it's possible that someone may have kidnapped Geoffrey because he’s your only living relative, in an attempt to blackmail you.”
when it always, inevitably, ended in tears?  If John didn’t find another Mary, he’d surely reach the limit of what he could tolerate from Sherlock eventually and leave anyway. This is what indulging in “happy” got him.  Better to be out here in the icy darkness, with the wind whipping around him and numbing him. Better to be alone.
“Sherlock Holmes,” she said, and did not offer her hand. “I’ll make this brief. I don’t approve of you or your profession. You make your living prying, and exposing people’s personal concerns, and then you call yourself a hero. Frankly, you should leave the criminal matters to the police, and leave everything else alone. Now, before I ask you to go, is there anything I can do for you?” Dr. Armstrong spoke in a calm, conversational tone, but she remained utterly still and never stopped boring into Sherlock with her eyes.
“I have what you might call a ‘premium membership,’ thanks to Mycroft owing me over a little matter involving our cousin and the princess of Lichtenstein,” Sherlock said.  “It’s actually an entertaining case; remind me to tell you about it sometime.”
"Sherlock, I — " John began, then he threw his arms around Sherlock and tried to sound like he wasn’t sobbing.
However, hiding in the darkness only made him feel colder and more alone, and gave him ample opportunity to imagine all of the horrific dangers that might have befallen Sherlock.  He was starting to revisit the white-hot anxiety he felt when he saw Sherlock with the murderous cabbie, and the blind panic of the lab at Baskerville, and he knew the gut-wrenching pain of Sherlock’s fall was right around the corner.  To keep himself steady, John focused on how all of those traumas turned out to be manufactured, empty, pointless; and how all of them were inflicted upon him by Sherlock, for reasons Sherlock never felt it necessary to share with him until after the fact.  At least the heat of John’s anger kept the sharp, cold fear from clawing at his throat and constricting his breath.
Even though they were in (relatively) sleepy Cambridge and not bustling London, it didn’t take Sherlock long to secure them a ride. Once again, John had the suspicion that Sherlock was no stranger to the town.
“The Lord Mount-James, sir, Geoffrey’s uncle, and therefore the only person in this room who has a right to be here!  Who are YOU three, is the question, isn’t it?”
Sherlock had gone completely still, with his fingers steepled under his nose, staring at the laptop with a glittering animosity John had last seen at the pool where Moriarty was trying to kill them.
Sherlock’s gaze dropped again as he said, “She said she knew I’d been following her, but that I wasn’t going to find anything that way.  That I may as well go back to London and stop wasting everyone’s time and energy, and my employer’s money.  Because wherever Staunton was, and whatever he was doing, he clearly wasn’t going to be found until he wanted to be found, and that everyone needed to respect that.”  Here, Sherlock’s embarrassed childish tantrum finally gave way to The Face, as John once called it.  Obviously, he expected the next leap to be as clear to John as it was to himself.
"John," Sherlock replied with a bit of a sarcastic tone, but still smiling that slightly preoccupied smile.
"Why?"
John looked… good. Which was fine, Sherlock knew it was fine; it was all transport, and it had never been a problem Sherlock couldn’t move past, before. So why couldn’t he shake his mind loose from the loop it was currently running in, this time? How could he focus his observational powers on the room and find their suspect if he was so drawn to John’s stupid perfect suit? It was no surprise, after all, that John would buy (or, knowing him, more likely rent) a new suit for the occasion, since Sherlock knew very well what John owned and there was nothing elegant enough for this particular Christmas Gala in his wardrobe. So what was the problem? Maybe it was seeing John slip into this posh, polished state so effortlessly that Sherlock’s powers of deduction found so disconcertingly uncharacteristic that they kept returning by trying to resolve the incongruent--
Touched by his soldier's faith and steadfastness even in this grim situation, Sherlock couldn't suppress a rueful smile. “Oh, I won’t regret it,” he said, as he leaned in around the bridge support, cupped John’s face with his free hand, and kissed him.
Eventually, a trainee chemist opened a second register at the counter, and called the second person in line.  “Hello, Mr. Hollister,” said the trainee, a fresh-faced youngster that may have in fact been a Cambridge student himself.
"Hang on," John interrupted, frowning at Sherlock in a fond way (an expression that only John’s face seemed to be able to manage).  "I was trying to compliment you; don’t spoil the moment. No, I mean with Woodley.  I don’t regret anything — "
“Because you’ve known so many,” Sherlock teased.
Victor sniffed, and straightened his shoulders. “Sherlock, there’s a few things you need to go through. If you want to keep any of it. I’ve put them on your bed, you can… choose.”
“Mm,” Sherlock nodded, looking out of the window as the countryside blurred past. “One more year.”
“Shit, sorry,” Sherlock threw an arm up over his eyes as he exited the girls’ sharpish, just in time to be seen by the rest of his maths class.
John covered his mouth, tears spring to his eyes.
“Yes, I might as well, I suppose. So Father Christmas can come.”
“How long do these things last?” Sherlock mumbled, his eyes closed.
But Sherlock didn’t give a shit about the car upholstery. His entrance felt terribly empty, and open, and he was
“No. We… ended up shouting at each other. Sherlock pretty much threw me out, if it makes you feel any better.”
“You’re silly,” he giggled.
Sherlock brushed his hair with his hand after, as if wiping the kiss away.
Mycroft put on a fake smile. “I never said you didn’t. However, last time Mummy took you out, you wore shorts and a baseball t-shirt.”
“… sixteen million pounds.”
Sherlock’s thoughtful look remained, but he looked at John. ‘I’m not going anywhere,’ he said. ‘You can’t scare me that easily.’ His eyes moved to Birdie, and the worried look sank back into his eyes.
Sherlock nodded, and John could tell he was thinking.
He had been dropped off after the accident, and shown to his new bedroom by Mycroft, who spoke kindly to him, never mentioning his parents.
“I think so,” John closed the toilet lid and sat on the seat. “Do you want anything to eat or drink?”
The scent of Sherlock soaked into his lungs, clouded the omega’s brain, and soothed him for a few moments, letting John try and think, try and wipe the tears from his face as slick trickled out of him, making him tremble and shake with need.
"God, what're you like?" He twisted their hands, so his fingers were wrapped around Sherlock's wrists.
Sherlock and Victor get closer, and John gets increasingly jealous.
“But why now?” John asked. “I mean… it’s because you found out about… isn’t it?”
Sherlock stood, his mug spilling over and dark chocolate staining the bedclothes. “How?”
“Yeah…” John switched the kettle on, then turned. His arse pressed against the counter-top as his hands gripped the edge. A scent of anxiety was starting to creep from him. He pressed his lips together, before speaking. “Sherlock… Sherlock, I’ve… been thinking…”
Mycroft’s knuckles were white as he gripped the pen.
Sherlock gave John's hand - the one without a cannula - a squeeze, before following his brother out of the room, and into the hospital corridor, following the signs for the next ward.
“You know how omegas act, and you’re mimicking it.”
Sherlock leaned up, and kissed him. “Thank you,” his said, his voice a dark caress. “Thank you, John.”
“I’m sorry.”
But it didn’t last.
After the moment was over, Sherlock sat up, pulling out of John, which induced a shudder from the man, who went limp onto the mattress, one leg hanging off the side, arms splayed and cock limp.
Sherlock nodded in agreement.
“Spying on people is rude,” Sherlock said, storming in. “Lestrade might be as thick as two short planks, but I am not. Don’t spy on me!”
Sherlock went home to John.
“University, isn’t it?” Cam asked.
“No,” Sherlock murmured back. “It’s nice…” he pulled the covers up to his chin, and looked at John. “Hi.”
Feeling a spark of energy, John put his booklet and medicine in his bag, and set off walking, taking the way home that he knew passed several estate agencies.
“Do you?” John stuck a stamp on.
Except this wasn’t like pecking someone you were related to after they gave you a pound.
John went redder. He’d not talked to Sherlock about this side of things, though he had been expressing, to somewhat disappointing results. He felt ridiculous handing over tiny amounts, though the nurses always praised his efforts. “I… ok.”
John almost said ‘yes’, then thought twice. “Er, no, thanks. Don’t take that the wrong way.”
“It says the result should develop in about ten minutes,” John said, looking at what Sherlock was doing. They were blood-typing them both. John had gone first, and his thumb was throbbing a bit. He suspected they should have sterilised the pin, first.
There were some wondering mutterings.
Sherlock went and sat around the back of the gym. Or at least, that was his plan. He rounded the building and walked into a cloud of smoke, which made him cough.
Two minutes.
John wished he could sink into the leather and disappear. But then… why should he? Sudden annoyance at Sherlock’s words rose up in him like fire, and he decided that he’d see precisely where this was going before he decided to be miserable. There was no need to be hasty, after all. Greg earned a good wage, he was kind, and handsome, no kids of his own, and old enough not to care about what people thought...
‘I was really scared,’ Sherlock ploughed on. ‘Because of stuff that’s happened to me, before. And what I want to do. But… I don’t think it matters, anymore.’ He looked up at John. ‘I told you, you weren’t my first kiss.’
“I do. And… I wouldn’t mind working that into our repertoire,” Sherlock huffed out a laugh.
Victor gave a single shake, then let go with a carefree smile, going off to join the line for his results.
“I’m sorry,” Victor said again. “I – I can’t even think of him like that, now. Bonding… erases that. What happened… I can hardly think about it. I just want my mate.”
“Oh.” John scratched the back of his head. “Well, now you know. Did you… want to know anything else?”
He shook his head.
“I know,” Sherlock said quickly. “Just not… like that.”
‘It’s not too late,’ Mycroft said. ‘You can arrange a termination, call all this off. You and John could make another baby, one to keep, when you’re both older and ready for it. This isn’t the end of your life, Sherlock.’
Victor pulled a sympathetic face.
“I know I can.”
“It’s an experiment,” Sherlock flexed the leather between his hands, and John saw the muscles in the alpha’s arms flex, too. Fear told him to remain completely still. Sherlock was legally allowed to strike him, and John’s sister
John wondered, as Sherlock vanished into the bathroom.
“…John?” Sherlock was beside him. “John, are you ok?”
John stared. “Ok. That’s… all there is to it.” He looked at the carpet.
Mycroft stared. “And what did you say back?”
“Oh, yeah…” Mike Stamford’s voice chuckled, familiar.
“Afraid not,” John lowered his arm. “I’m here to convince you that you should remain on Earth, Sherlock Holmes.”
"You can't protect me from the way people will look at me when they find out," Oliver snapped. “There’s nothing you can do about that. I’ll get moved again, like some waste of space, like some… I might as well just quit and be done with all of this.”
“I know you’re not.”
“Can’t we use your office? I don’t like sharing my one-to-one time with other ears.” The student folded his arms, and John was almost certain the boy was an alpha from the way he was arguing.
Sherlock’s lips went thin. “Sure.” He picked up his bag. “I’ll see you in class, I suppose.” He made no move for the door.
Except noisier.
“I know. I’ll clean it up, first.”
John raised a hand, bringing it close to Sherlock’s face. “I can show you, if you wish. I can show you what might have been. But, unlike this reality, it can never be. I am dead, Sherlock Holmes. Unlike you, I can never come back. Once you know what I saw, you can never unknow it.”
John propped himself up on his elbows. “It’s ok.”
“Sadly, they would not be satisfied with a picture alone. With some coaxing, I was able to draw the rest of the story from him. And I, too, am seeking revenge.”
“I wasn’t leading him on,” John said, letting himself be wiped. “I promise, Sherlock, I… I never…”
John’s stomach dropped, and he felt hot and sick. “Victor, the man at the door?”
Mr Thorne adjusted his glasses. ‘Sherlock, I like teaching you. You’re a smart kid and I think you deserve a shot at higher ed. But I’m also an alpha man. I’m not made of stone, and Joseph’s actions came across to me as beguiling. I’m not a bastard. I’m a man who made a mistake, in cheating on my wife. But I’m not a rapist – Joseph could have left the room at any time.’
“So, you’ve never visited Miss Holmes, before?” she asked as they walked.
"Move over," Sherlock ordered, and John did as he was told, getting out of the seat, although not without a scowl. Sherlock sat in front of the desk top. "These files can be easily recovered," he said with a grin. "I just need into the system's mainframe and I can--"
Mycroft looked away.
Sherlock stood, in the crowd of adults, suddenly feeling very alone.
one another, though Sherlock seemed to enjoy John vocalising what he wanted. John had almost lost his mind the first time Sherlock took him into his mouth, and made Mrs Hudson bang on her ceiling as he made more noise than was apparently acceptable. He’d kept both hands clamped over his mouth the time Sherlock had gently slid two extremely-lubricated fingers inside him, making him almost panic at the full sensation until Sherlock touched something inside him that made him ejaculate on the spot.
“Ah…” Sherlock thought. “I could –”
“Any pains? Any bleeding?”
Sherlock perched on the arm of a chair, and stood when Charles, or Cam, entered the room.
“Apologies,” Mycroft said, “But you understand my protectiveness over my little brothers.”
. It’s just… young alphas, like what you’ll be, soon, they tend to be a bit… keen. And some of them… aren’t very nice.”
“Probably because it involved choices,” John said gently. “Some things are certain – or would have been. Others… we would have had to choose.”
“No wound to the front,” Sherlock thrust it into John’s hand.
“Toilet, please?” Sherlock mouthed in the silence.
“Don’t tell me you’ve tried that before?” John gawped.
“Thank you… for agreeing.”
at his window, and John nearly fell out of bed in shock. He twisted around in the duvet, and went over to the window, peeping through the curtains.
“Fuck you!”
‘It’s not even happened yet.’
He made a fist.
“Time. I’m not finished yet. I’m going to… everything’s going to stop,” Sherlock let his hand drop. “Everything’s going to stop, and I’m going to stop, but I can’t.” He sighed, the broken pain in his throat twisting the sound into a sob. “I’m not done yet.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Sherlock said. “I think it depends what you wished for.”
Well, why shouldn’t he?
John looked at him. “Don’t dumb yourself down for me, Sherlock. I like that you’re clever.”
“They don’t have anosmia, though.” John kissed him again. “Besides, what if they find out your room wasn’t slept in?”
“I think we have an excellent case,” she said, flipping through the photographs on her iPad that showed John’s bites on the day they were inflicted. John hadn’t liked sending them over, but the damage looked so much worse when it was fresh and bloody that Miss Ali thought it would help their case. Sherlock, who had never seen the pictures before, had had to go outside to smoke and calm down before coming back in. “Mister Mayhew is clearly a danger to you and vulnerable people. And that includes the baby. Our ideal outcome would be for him to be stripped of any access to Birdie Watson, and for him to be legally prohibited from identifying himself as her father.”
Though he had only met three of them on his first day, there were, in fact, six Holmes’. Violet and Siger had four children, of whom Sherlock was the youngest. Mycroft, the other name John had heard, was the second eldest, and still lived at home, leaving every morning for work, and sometimes not returning at night until the small hours. John knew this, because he would sit up to watch the car return, exhaling that someone else he knew had made it home safely. As well as Sherlock and Mycroft, the alpha children, there was Sherrinford and Eurus – two omegas, that only rarely came home, as they were attending some posh finishing school.
They'd just wrapped up one of those "not a holiday" cases that required traveling to some remote village and settling in for a few days. This one began with reports of a ghost (
“Sure, I could go for some fresh air,” John replied, brightening.  “Do I have time for a cuppa?  Ooh, or we can stop at Hyde Park Winter Wonderland for a coffee, if you want to get going.”  Sherlock rolled his eyes, but made the gesture that indicated it was John’s choice.  “Winter Wonderland it is, then,” John said, grinning.
“Why John, if I didn’t know better, I’d say that you weren’t grateful that I took this case as a personal favor to you. But yet here you are, criticizing me for taking an interest. It almost seems as though it’s impossible to live up to your high standards, whether I make an effort or not.”
), and he finally looked away from Sherlock, blushing.  “I don’t, um… that is… sorry,” he mumbled.  “You look…
“Melodramatic git, isn’t he?” John muttered, and began logging into the NHS training database.
The next morning John didn’t wake nose-to-nose with an impatient detective.  He opened his eyes cautiously, determined that Sherlock was lying on the sofa, then yawned and stretched ostentatiously to reinforce how nice it was to be waking up of his own free will (although he doubted Sherlock would get the message).
enjoyable out of today.”  And then he swept out of the room without so much as a good-night.
"I don't mind," Sherlock said, softly.  It startled both of them enough that they made eye contact.
It was going on half past four, but it was already starting to get dark.  A cold, drenching rain had been falling relentlessly on London all day.  John and Sherlock had been out in it, visiting their suspect’s usual haunts and interviewing her friends and associates.  To keep himself warm and to fend off his overpowering instinct to hibernate in all this gloom, John drank an endless series of lukewarm, acidic coffees that tasted faintly of stewed cardboard.  At this point he felt hollow, used up, swept out; as cold and tired on the inside as he was on the outside.
did he find that tie,” Sherlock’s inner monologue hissed, “
“After dinner, he was in his room with the door open.  The last time I saw him I was doing rounds of the hall, and poked my head in to find him using his laptop.  His roommate Tim was next door with the other two from their line, reviewing old game footage.  The door between their rooms was open, too.  Tim says Jeff apparently got bad news in an email, threw his coat on, and ran outside.  Tim thought maybe Jeff was off to make a private phone call in the parking lot or something and would be right back, but Jeff never came back to sleep or to get his things.  Nobody back at school or among his family has seen or heard from him in the last day, since we left to come here.  And that’s all we know,” Overton concluded.
“Hello!” Sherlock paused theatrically, practically elbowed his way in between them, and read the woman’s name tag. “Lucy,” he said, with his brightest false smile. “So nice to meet you. Sherlock Holmes, here to see Dr. Leslie Armstrong.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed uncomprehendingly and blinked back up to John’s in stages, as though the effort of processing what John had just said was visibly slowing him down.  “You— what?”
Sherlock glanced over at him, said simply, “University,” and resumed woolgathering.
“No, absolutely not.”
“You’re most welcome, Mr. Holmes.  And now, if you don’t mind, please -- go home.”  She opened the front door, then walked away and upstairs, leaving them to see themselves out.
“Of course, John,” Sherlock interrupted.  “I mean, it won’t take much of my time to solve this one, but I’m sure it’ll be better than nothing.”  He turned off the bunsen burner and dropped the charred strands of yarn into a beaker of water.  “And given that you replied to your friend less than five minutes ago and the fact that he’s likely to be sitting at a cafe within a short walk from here, I should have just enough time to get ready before he arrives.  If you’ll excuse me,” Sherlock said as he made his way to his bedroom and shut the door firmly behind him.
John heroically resisted disagreeing or giggling further.  “Come on, Sherlock.  Out with it.  Summarize, if you must preserve your dignity, but I need to know.”
“Ouch.  Well look, you berk, I don’t know what you did to deserve it, but I’m sorry the evening went the way it did and I was hoping you’d come inside and see this last thing before you go back to brooding out here where you can catch a byronic illness and expire.”
“First, there’s what I found in the room, before I even got to his email,” Sherlock countered. “The fact that he left his laptop at all, for example. He changed out of his trousers into pyjamas, and the trousers remain in a crumpled heap on the floor next to the bed. He put on his shoes and coat, which must have contained his mobile phone and wallet, over his pyjamas. But he left everything else, including the laptop, even though there wasn’t very much and it could have been packed quite quickly. So either he intended to come back right away until something changed his mind, or he was upset enough when he left that he wasn’t thinking about his things. The email was very brief, but it confirmed that evidence: ‘Jeff - Bad news. Call ASAP. -Dr. Armstrong.’ Fortunately, a quick search of Staunton’s inbox told me that Dr. Armstrong was his Director of Studies, and that he would have been in class with her today had he not been out of town for a sporting event.”
Perhaps it would be more convincing to carry a drink around, even if Sherlock didn’t drink it; that’s what people did at these things, wasn’t it?
“Well, another woman came home about 6PM.  I presume she lives there.  60s, long brown hair pulled back, dressed sort of bohemian, in a skirt and frilly blouse.”
“Really now, John,” Sherlock said, brushing some snow from his coat. “I think I’ve had enough frivolity for one day.  We should really get back to Baker Street so I can write up what I observed at the exhibit.”  Without waiting for a response, he set off for home.
“Sherlock,” John said, furrowing his eyebrows aggressively at him in a “you’d better tell me what’s going on before I lose it” fashion, but Sherlock just stood there in the entryway, staring strangely at John and Mr. Hollister.
Right. Changing the subject, John said “Okay, it’s time to explain yourself. Start me off back at the hotel this morning. What did you find in Jeff’s email?” He threw his bag at the bed, then sat on the sofa with crossed arms and (he hoped) a stern expression.
"Oh lord," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes.  "Whose idea was this, again?"
John couldn’t help being a little bit irritated as Lucy flushed slightly and stammered, “Um… okay, let me go see if I can even reach her. Probably not, though. If not, we’ll make you an appointment, don’t worry.” Then she backed awkwardly into the office behind the reception desk, and shut the door. And John was even more irritated when Sherlock dropped the wide-eyed stare abruptly, and shot John a sideways smirk.
“Dr. Armstrong says she only has a minute to address this, but she’ll be with you shortly. You can wait over there,” Lucy said, then nodded at a grubby row of chairs in front of the windows.
“Save it, Sherlock,” John said, with a raised hand. “I don’t have the energy for a verbal sparring match right now. You can argue me out of being angry with you tomorrow. Right now I just want to go to bed.”
“But I did give her a 10 minute head start and then I followed her,” Sherlock said, grinning.  “Didn’t do me any good though.  She could have made any one of a dozen turns in that time.  I did investigate the three most likely for a few hours, to see if I could pick up her trail, but no such luck.  That’s why it took so long,” he concluded, “and why I was ignoring my phone.  What did your surveillance yield?”  Sherlock said, never actually apologizing.
), and that John’s anger was keeping him warm.  Mostly.
He spent a decent amount of time contemplating the futility of sentiment, and how well the weather matched his mood. What was the point of
John giggled as he collected the wine glasses and bottle and made his way to the sofa.  “So, Star Trek?  You’re sure?” he asked, as he turned on the telly and logged into their Netflix account.
"For g-god’s sake, Sherlock, can you not — "
“Well, Sherlock,” John said in a deceptively calm voice, “I’d have to have a SINGLE BLOODY CLUE what you’d been up to all day to be able to answer that.  But instead, I’ve been sitting here alone, in the dark, with absolutely no contact from you whatsoever, going out of my damn mind!”
to engage with this suspect in
drunk,” Sherlock replied, pushing himself into a standing position.  He let go of the table and walked to the sofa with exaggerated dignity, then collapsed onto it and pointed at the telly. “Off you go, then.”
“The Lord Mount-James,” Armstrong said his name like every syllable pained her, “would not approve.”
"It was no trouble," Sherlock said, not taking his eyes off his microscope.  "I'd already made a pot of tea for myself, and it's hardly difficult to put bread in the toaster and push the lever."
need it, at least.”
“Uuuugh, that case was barely worth mentioning, John.  I’ve already solved it.  Textbook domestic, other than that bit with the cooking oil.”
say anything to me that you’ll regret tomorrow, because
"Well, that's only fair, Sherlock, you have John," Moriarty grinned, "oh wait that's right, he's not speaking to you anymore, is he? I guess he found out your amazing superpowers weren't so amazing after all when you let his awful wife die, and now he's disappointed in you. How dull." Moriarty made an exaggerated frowny face, then rolled his eyes.
“And how is Jason?”  Owen asked Mr. Hollister, then turned to the rack of filled prescriptions waiting to be picked up, and started gathering multiple packages.
* * *
John's mind struggled to the surface again.  It was some time later; how much, he didn't know. Something happened, he remembered. Before.
“I don’t know about ‘we,’ but I’m glad I’m being included again,” John said.  “What happened then, you just let her drive off?”
"So, what do you want to do now?" John asked, as he unsteadily corkscrewed the bottle open and topped off Sherlock’s glass.
"C’mere, let me check your fever," John said, leaning over to put a hand on Sherlock’s forehead.  For the first time since Sherlock got sick his glassy eyes had a gleam in them, then he grabbed John’s wrist and pressed his hot, dry lips into John’s palm.
“--sorry,” concluded Sherlock, to the empty room.
“Any ideas so far?”  John asked.
“Detective!” Lord Mount-James interrupted, sputtering.  “Private detective!  And who proposed to pay for YOU?” he said, advancing on Sherlock and turning a little red in the face.  “I certainly won’t be responsible; you weren’t my idea!”
at me?” he demanded, whirling around and narrowing his eyes at John.
It was past midnight when Mycroft declared that he’d had all the “merry” he could take for one day, and would see them in the morning.  Shortly after, Mr. and Mrs. Holmes decided to call it a night as well.  “We know you two keep unorthodox hours,” Mummy said.  “Just turn off the outdoor fairy lights when you go to bed, please.”
"Well then, the least you can do is give me a turn with your coat.  I’m freezing, and while you’re thinking it’s all just transport to you, right?"
"Can you come here, please?"
"What?" John yelped, unable to keep the alarm out of his voice.
"No, absolutely not; it’s freezing out.  It might even snow this evening.  Take a blanket off, genius." John set the tea on the table and patted at one end of the duvet-pile.  "Budge up," he said, and the pile contracted so he could sit down.
“It’s not living up to my standards I’m worried about, Sherlock! It’s your terrifying tendency to obsess about beating someone so much that you don’t even realize -- “ John clenched and unclenched his hands a few times and took a deep breath.
“I hadn’t anticipated being gone so long,” Sherlock replied, still not quite apologizing, “and I hate that so little came of it.  But I do think your day was a bit more fruitful than mine… if Roberts came home separately and hours apart from Armstrong, it’s not likely she’s involved.  Still a possibility, but I won’t concentrate my efforts on her until more evidence points in her direction.”
Once again, John was surprised by the patient, engaged look on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock unbuttoned John's shirt, and revealed a kevlar vest. Relief hit him so hard that tears sprung up in his eyes. As he bandaged the graze on John's arm that had bled so dramatically, he continued the nervous chatter. "Thank god, I thought I'd lost you, and while you weren't speaking to me -- I hadn't even had a chance to tell you I love you yet, you can't die without talking to me, John, I forbid it --"
John couldn’t help a cold shiver that ran from his scalp all the way down his spine. “Oh come off it, she’s never so much as threatened you. She’s only told you to bugger off in no uncertain terms, which while annoying, is perfectly within her rights. She’s hardly as bad as… him,” John said, unwilling even still to say the villain’s name, but trying not to let it show.
“Oh,” he said again, and something in his voice made John get up, walk behind Sherlock’s chair, and read over his shoulder --
