Ducking her head, Natasha hid a smile. It was almost painfully cute, and no matter how worried she was, it was hard not to feel good about Bruce getting a date. If anyone could use stress relief from time to time, it was Banner. She looked back to Simmons. "We'll be sure to bring him back in one piece for you." Without another word, she moved forward and left the pair of them in the relative privacy of being toward the back of the pack.
"Love you too," Steve answered with a lot more of his usual certainty. That was one thing he knew. He knew how badly he wanted everything to work with Tony. Even if it meant stretching up to kiss him and drowning in the man's shirts instead of things being the other way around. Steve breathed in the scent of the other man and then broke away to help Tony clean up from breakfast. "Okay. Meeting. We can do this, right? I can do this." The last of the dishes went into the washer, and Steve grabbed Tony's collar and gave an annoyingly ineffectual tug that still brought him in close because apparently Tony still wanted to be close, and he thanked god for that. "I don't think I believe me. Tell me I can do this."
"I think we're all ready for it to be over." Phil found himself staring at the door and willing Clint to return.
Steve had barely finished the soft plea when Tony's hand was around the man's shaft, his lips at the blonde's neck. "You know you're maddeningly sexy, right? I've mentioned that, haven't I?" he asked, stroking his lover slowly. "Love seeing you turned on, watching you cum..." There was something about making someone so seemingly clean cut look so debauched that Tony found it irresistible.
"You pathetic fools!" Loki spat, his voice vibrating with rage. The ridiculous-looking gun that Logan wielded was surprisingly painful. He felt strange, almost feverish. He wasn't leaving without Tony Stark, and the man in question seemed to be holding back. Apparently they thought that the stupid gun would be enough to kill him. Loki glared hard at Logan and stepped in closer. "I think, my friend, that you will be killed by your idiotic toy long before I am."
Clint grinned as Phil pulled him close and defended him like he was a puppy that had been chewing up Nat's shoes. He stuck his tongue out smugly at the woman. "Mostly. Besides, I'm house trained now. And way too adorable to get rid of, no matter how impractical I am. I feel the need to point out, though, that I also travel extremely well. I can fit myself in a suitcase, and I'm multifunctional," he pointed out. "So, completely practical. And adorable." He punctuated the sentence by giving Nat his best puppy dog eyes.
Tony's head lolled drunkenly, and he barely managed a murmured "Yeah," as he got on his feet. His legs quaked dangerously, while his entire body followed suit. He was shaking like a puppy left out on a cold and rainy night. He could not even begin to process what had happened. His mind whirled with the events, but one thing was abundantly clear: he had confessed his true feelings for Steve over a broadcast channel. How could he ever face him again?
Tony smiled warmly at Steve, his fingers still carding through his lover's hair as he pressed their foreheads together. "I think I like it, too," he said, pressing a kiss to Steve's lips. He was a little surprised by how much the blonde was into the idea of possession, but he couldn't deny that it was hot. "And they look good on you. The hickeys. I like seeing them, too." He smirked faintly. "I think they're just trying to get used to the idea that you may not actually be a boy scout."
Steve winced and complied, laying the phone on his thigh. "Sir, I really don't-"
Although the evening had initially been arranged as a means to get Tony back into the land of the living, it was turning out to be the best date he ever had. "Well, the mystic sceptre of doom didn't help with first impressions," Tony pointed out. "Thank you, but I was wrong about you too." He sat back in his chair, cleared his throat and proposed, "How about we start over? Hi, I'm Tony Stark, and you are?" he offered his hand, his eyes warm and welcoming.
As he neared the ground, Steve noted Tony still circling in the sky, apparently testing out the new system. When they got back he'd have a few things to say about the man using missions as test runs, but mostly he was just glad things really were working. Steve spared a silent prayer that they'd all be going home in one piece before touching down with relative ease and giving Bruce, already untangling himself from his own chute, a wave. "Now if we can get Iron Man to land," he muttered into his comm, a not-so-subtle hint for Tony to stop playing and join them.
Logan made a soft sound of arousal into Scott's mouth, pushing up into the kiss, his lips parting to allow Scott's tongue into his mouth. Logan's hand slid down Scott's back, grabbing the man's ass for a moment before running down over his thigh. Logan's fingers hooked under Scott's knee, but instead of tugging Scott more fully onto his lap, he gently held the leg where it was. Logan loved the teasing as much as more direct stimulation, and his hips shifted upwards lightly to make sure Scott knew that much.
For a long moment Steve had no awareness of anything in the room except for Tony. The man's lips tasted like whiskey, but somehow that wasn't unpleasant. It was part of Tony, one of those dark, strange quirks that made the man so damn irresistible to begin with. Steve was more than grateful that Tony had chosen him over another drink because he wasn't sure he really could have stopped after they came so close. He tested the waters at first with a sweet, gentle kiss, learning the feel of Tony's mouth on his own and relishing how beautifully their bodies fit together as the last of the space between them disappeared. Though he'd certainly never planned to share his first kiss with Tony out in public - not that he'd exactly planned it to start with - Steve found it surprisingly easy to tune out everything else.
"We are here to restore you to yourself," Frigga answered simply. She more or less ignored the guards. Even on Thor's orders, they would do her no harm. They might restrain her, might help him to "protect" her, but not a man among them was stupid enough to lay a finger on her with any other intent.
Tony lingered behind Steve. He'd been about to call up his own suit when Clint had finally backed down. As the rest of the team started off for the plane, Tony hung back, his hand on Steve's arm to keep the blonde with him and give them some privacy to talk as they walked back. "Glad to see the armor's working." He gave his lover a faint smile. "Looks good on you." He raised an eyebrow, noticing something else as well. "You look like you've put on some weight."
Bucky wasn't in the best of moods. He had watched with silent helplessness as Steve left to try and talk with Tony. It had been especially painful considering that his own feelings did not seem to matter. That angry spark of jealousy Bucky thought he had extinguished threatened to ignite again. And it scared him. He didn't want to be angry with Steve and do anything to jeopardize their friendship. He didn't want to go back to that dark place he had been lost in. Bucky's train of thought mercifully derailed at the sound of a knock at the door. He shook his head as if to clear it before moving to answer it. "Oh," he started, finding Agent Coulson on the other side. "Coulson, right? Uh, come in."
Steve stepped in helpfully, suggesting, "Since I'm not much good here except as a bouncer for Tony - and I think Bruce can cover that for me - maybe we could all go get lunch? I doubt you need cuffs to eat." He glanced at Coulson for confirmation and received a nod. "What do you say, Clint?" He hated seeing a member of his team who had actually done a really good thing for them all being put in cuffs for it. Steve leaned down and kissed Tony softly. "Behave," he whispered, "or you get cuffs too."
Steve rose gratefully when Tony entered the room. The genius looked tense but not panicked, so Steve knew they had a little more time. "We clear to head upstairs?" he asked, hopeful, fingers already itching to touch every bit of Tony. He wanted to get so wrapped up in the man that he couldn't even remember Loki existed, let alone posed any kind of threat to them.
Logan's eyebrows raised a little. //Sounds familiar.// Of course, Logan didn't know for sure that he'd volunteered. Stryker had said as much, but the man hadn't exactly grabbed Logan as trustworthy. "Guess I'd call that motivated," he said, gesturing to the bartender again. A few words, and Logan had a beer in front of him, and a Coke bottle covered in Japanese kanji in front of Steve. Logan didn't remember having a cause to speak of until the X-Men-the Professor in particular-had won him over, and that had all gone to hell when he'd realized that Scott's ideals and ethics were entirely too cautious and soft-hearted for him. "So' you’re really glad you did it?"
"Are you nuts?" Clint asked, eyes suddenly riveted on Bruce, expecting an explosion of green muscle and rage at any second. //And me in handcuffs. Getting real tired of the David and Goliath act.//
"Oh, he definitely is," Natasha panted as Scott's tongue slipped inside of her and then back to her clit. "He's... done this... once or twice." She wasn't sure what was sexier, Scott's oral skills or Logan's hard body and strong hands on hers. The night was playing out better than she'd let herself hope, and they were just getting started.
Clint couldn't help quirk a smile. For all his no-nonsense attitude, Phil was kind of amusing when he was half-asleep. Settling gratefully on the couch, Clint felt the tug of the pain meds again and managed to drift off into a fairly sound sleep.
Clint nodded. Feeling oddly nervous, he followed Coulson into the man's bedroom. It wasn't hard to figure out which side of the bed would be his. One side of the mattress was obviously well worn down, the other almost forlornly pristine. Settling on his side, Clint tugged off his boots and then hesitated a moment before tugging his jeans away, as well. He felt unusually self-conscious about still having half a boner as he settled under the blankets, wondering to himself if he'd have the self-discipline to keep his hands to himself. It occurred to him it had been nearly forever since he'd spent a night with anyone but Natasha in his bed, but the idea of waking up next to Phil sounded pretty damned nice. "You don't snore, right?" he asked with a grin.
Victor Creed grunted as five hundred pounds of man and power armor landed on him; he withdrew his claws from Tony's faceplate and clasped onto the man's sides with both hands, grinning with manic glee as he sank adamantium into the suit's sides, eliciting a scream of pain from Tony.
Loki gazed back just as intently. He relaxed his mouth to let the whole of Victor's length slide easily into his mouth and finally his throat. He loved the look of bliss on the mutant's face as he let himself take what he wanted. They both wanted it, after all. They both had needs that were being met. It was obvious that despite his apparently thick skull, Victor had the good sense to be frightened of him, yet he wasn't hesitant. Loki hoped his partner for the evening was smart enough - or stupid enough, as the case might be - to forget himself and make the chase feel worthwhile for them both.
Tony opened his mouth to reply only to close it again when he could not find the words to answer Steve with. There were a million unspoken things he needed. First and foremost was for time to miraculously be set back so that everything could be undone. Tony hated feeling like this; helpless, weak, humiliated and defeated. And all in front of Steve. Finally, with a sigh, he managed, “If I can get out of here, that’ll be the best medicine in the world.” Realizing the awkward atmosphere had only grown thicker, Tony didn’t blame Steve for wanting to depart. He wondered if he would ever feel comfortable around the other man again. “Steve,” he called out,“thanks. For coming by.” It was the best Tony could muster.
"He should have been," Steve agreed. By the end of it, he hadn't responded anymore. He'd just glared and thought about throwing Clint out the nearest window. Thankfully for Clint, he also happened to like the archer when he wasn't being insufferable. Also, he hadn't wanted to deal with Natasha's judging looks if he happened to put the man in the hospital. "You get off easier. You're pretty."
Logan obliged, having completely forgotten - or ceased to care - about his lover's already well-used condition. He drove into Scott mercilessly, relishing the strangled cries of pleasure and moans from his lover, the way the man clawed at the bedding, the way he begged. Logan cried out in utter pleasure, cumming hard and flooding his lover with seed as he gripped Scott tight against him.
Tony gave Steve a wicked smirk and another kiss. "Promise?" he asked with a wicked grin.
Natasha didn't even pause eating her popcorn at Clint's offended tone. "You're the one who sounds like a teenage girl right now, Clint," she pointed out with a raised eyebrow. It had gotten more or less the reaction she expected. It was good that at least he got the implication. It was also good to know that the pretty one was off the table. He was nice to look at, but he didn't seem like more than a fling. She tilted her head and regarded Clint entirely instead of looking at the screen. "I didn't say I was reading into anything. And I didn't say you were dating Coulson. I believe you just suggested it, actually." She shrugged and popped another piece of the popcorn into her mouth. "Would that really be so weird?"
"Good!" Tony smiled, moving a little closer to Steve and hooking a finger through one of the man's belt loops. He then approached Logan, one hand out, and tilted his head and raised an eyebrow as the man shied away. "C'mon, you're probably gonna need to be okay with me touching you. Or was making eye contact a challenge? Do I need to let you sniff my hand? Help me out, here."
Steve was shocked into stillness at first, but he recovered quickly and brought a hand up to cup the other man's cheek. When their lips parted, he was grinning like an idiot and didn't care in the least. Nothing mattered but how good it felt to enjoy the open, easy connection he felt with Tony. "I think we're done with questions," he added, glancing at the reporters before his gaze returned to Tony. "I also think we have some plans we discussed earlier. Now's as good a time as any. Upstairs," he added quietly before Tony could get any ideas.
Logan could feel the edge drawing near as well. Soft groans of pleasure turned into harsh grunts as he started thrusting faster, and he soon came with a howl of pleasure that he made no effort to restrain.
"I'm sure I'm overreacting," Steve agreed in a placid tone that said quite clearly that he meant nothing of the sort. If they left the room, Tony would be leaving it in a wheelchair. He stared at the screen as if information would come immediately instead of when it damn well pleased. "I just hope she's okay." He still remembered how after their first battle against Loki, Clint had been withdrawn for what felt like forever. He had felt responsible for everything he did while Loki was pulling the strings. Steve's hand clenched on the phone, willing it to flash a new message.
Coulson wasn't aware his hands were moving until he saw them closing around Clint's. The man's fingers trembled against his, and Phil hated to see the horror in Clint's eyes. He hated that Clint even remembered the whole thing. "I would've given anything to be there with you." He'd tried to hold on. He supposed maybe he had, though Phil remembered so clearly the sensation of letting go and letting the darkness close in that sometimes he was amazed when he woke up and opened his eyes in the morning. "I'm glad I'm here now."
"You missed the whole 'the world wants to speak to you about'... er, well," Clint cleared his throat and suddenly felt like there was no way he could avoid shoving his foot in his mouth.
"I'm gonna miss you," Steve admitted earnestly, though he smiled down at Tony. "But, hey, Pepper and I can have a slumber party and do each other's nails." All too soon one of the paramedics was pushing him back out of the way - gently, politely, but pushing all the same. Steve reluctantly went along, hating the moment when he had to let go of Tony's hand.
Scott nodded and let himself breathe through it. He knew Logan was right and let him set the pace. He sat motionless and let his hands soften against Logan's skin. He could feel the strong pulse of the man's heart. His eyes closed, head tipped forward so that his hair fell into his eyes. "You feel so good," he finally managed. Scott knew he was finally ready to move, could feel the relaxation. Slowly smiling, he raised his eyebrows at Logan. "You mind if I stop just sitting here now? I'm good. Honest. We'll go slow."
"Oh, fuck, Logan," he hissed, fingers scrabbling at the couch. He'd been uncomfortably close to the edge even before Logan started. The unexpected heat and stimulation made him groan and gasp, his hips still only because of Logan's grip. It should have hurt with the bruises already dotting his skin, but Scott cried out in pure pleasure instead and came hard down his lover's throat before he had a chance to warn the man.
Natasha almost called Tony on his bullshit, but she decided against it. After everything he’d been through, he needed his friends even if it hurt to talk to them. Instead she nodded and slipped out of the room.
Hulk scowled at Natasha, looking for a moment as if he was ready to turn his rage against her, but seeing Scott and Logan blasting away at the god gave him a reason to grin. As Loki tried to recover from the attacks, Hulk reached for the god, intent on giving him another solid thumping.
"I couldn't handle not being here. It was hard enough with Tash," Clint murmured. He took a second to shrug off what was left of his shirt and used it to create a bandage for the bite wound. It wasn't the most sterile bandage in the world, but he felt like it would be cleaner than the cell they were in. That done, Clint wound his arms around Phil's waist and pressed close to him, trying to ignore the smell of their tormentor on the other man. "And of course I still want to do this. Besides, all the times you stuck around and watched over me after I got banged up in ops? No way I'd leave you by yourself." Clint didn't have family or anyone else to worry over him. Phil and Nat were the only ones who ever had.
"I'm always brilliant. Even asleep," Tony countered, though he was already standing and offering a hand to Steve to tow them both to the bathroom. "Besides, I've stayed up for days straight to get things done. Pretty sure we could totally have sex all night and I'd be fine in the morning. And you can sleep in the corner in the lab. There's a cot and everything. Bruce has thrown me on it a few times." He paused. "That didn't sound right. I meant I passed out and he put me there. While I was asleep. And nothing else happened." The billionaire smirked. "I'm going to to stop digging now."
Clint smiled, giving Nat a light nudge and a grin. Maybe she wasn't going to declare undying love, but when they had time and alcohol, Clint usually found himself tangled up with her before the dawn came. Refocusing on the rest of the group, Clint smiled. "Then meet in the garage at five? Nat and I pick the place. You two," he looked to Scott and Logan, "are still new around here, and I'm not going to an old guy bar," he said with a grin for Phil to let him know it was a joke.
"I'm shocked," Natasha answered in the same tone someone might use when observing that water was wet. She was happy to be back in her own room even if she put very little in it apart from what she needed. It wasn't personal. There were few touches in it that identified it as belonging to anyone in particular, but it was always orderly and comfortable. In her room, Natasha felt an uncluttered sort of calm that afforded her a measure of sanity between the chaos of missions. "Pick a movie," she urged Clint, "I'm going to shower. Alone," she added firmly. "I've been wearing the same clothes for almost two days, and it's disgusting."
“You also never would have told me how you feel,” Steve pointed out gently, allowing himself to be drawn back down onto the couch, where he slumped back next to Bucky with a rueful smile. “Times have changed, and it’s not all good. You said I wouldn’t push Tony like this… and maybe I wouldn’t, not the same way, but not for the reason you think. It’s not because I care more about him, it’s because of who you are. We went through some pretty bad things together even before the War. You can help me now. You can help me find out who did this and how to stop them from doing it to anyone else, and I want you to remember because I want you to get better. With this eating you up, hiding underneath everything, do you really think that can happen?”
"I wanted to be here with you. Clothes are overrated." Even obviously in pain, it made him feel worlds better to see Tony acting like himself. "I'll change when you're ready to get some sleep. Rain check on that sleepover?"
"Done," Clint growled, his face hardened. He didn't know who these people were, but he knew that Loki had brought them. That was all he needed to know. In the space of a heartbeat, an arrow lodged in Sabretooth's eye socket, knocking him clear of the Hulk, who promptly pinned him under one massive green foot.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
"Jesus, I thought we were done talking dirty to each other," Clint breathed, then grinned at the other man. "But you're right; I definitely won't leave after that. Really, though, you already ruined that likelihood when you fed me the first time. Once I know where to get things that aren't field rations or frozen dinners, I tend to keep coming back." It was baloney, of course. Clint might not have always had time to do so, but he had the money to go to the cafeteria or around the block to get something better. The comfort of watching Phil cook for him and the security of sleeping on the man's couch had been more than enough to have him hunting excuses to come back for more. //Guess now I have a free pass. And I don't have to take the couch anymore.//
Bruce nodded slowly. "Agreed." He paused, then shrugged. "Maybe we could get Sif or Thor to volunteer? With full disclosure, of course," he amended. He quirked a faint smile. "Maybe they could see fit to let us lowly mortals in on a few secrets. Or we could ask Loki nicely." He paused. "For the record? I think that's the strangest thing I've ever said. 'Ask Loki nicely.' Sounds more like a punchline. Just when I thought being part of the Avengers couldn't get any weirder."
Darien was sure that he should say no or try to resist if only to put on a good show. He should show some sign of having a spine. Instead he turned his head and flicked his tongue over the head of Clint's cock. He focused all of his energy and attention on getting Clint hard. He got so lost in the act that he almost forgot how bizarre it was to have a complete stranger rimming him while another watched him sucking off a guy who was barely more than a stranger. All of it probably meant he was losing his mind, but Darien found that he couldn't bring himself to care when he was already hard as a rock and feeling pretty good about the evening.
On the one hand, Coulson felt like he was intruding on a moment that was desperately private. On the other hand, he wasn't about to leave Tony Stark, king of self destruction, alone when he was such a mess. Instead Coulson settled for keeping quiet and looking carefully at all of the readouts around them, taking note of Steve's vitals and letting the cumulative information soothe him somewhat. The doctor was right: in a strange way, Steve was doing better if one chose not to think about the fact that he hadn't been in such poor health since the early 40s.
Humor faded into stark disbelief as Loki raised one eyebrow. "Mmm, yes, I'm sure that your companions and SHIELD would be all too pleased to take me in. Are you naive or insane? Most people tend to assume that I'm the crazy one, but if you really think that's a possibility..." He spread his hands in a gesture of helplessness and leaned back against the headboard as if to get a better vantage point from which to consider the mortal. "My own family won't have me, Stark. I doubt that yours would."
Clint slapped Scott's ass hard. "For when I'm good and ready," he growled, admiring the reddening handprint that quickly rose on Scott's skin. He couldn't miss the bruised finger marks on his partner's ass, and he ran his fingers over them. "Hmm... someone really likes it rough," he observed, digging his fingers into the already bruised flesh and dragging Scott back towards him. It probably should have scared the hell out of him or at least made him think twice, but instead it gave Clint a thrill knowing that he was about to lay claim to someone Logan had clearly marked as his own. With a shaky moan, Clint let his cock slide along the crevice of Scott's ass, taking a moment to build a little anticipation. His free hand fumbled for a bottle of lube he’d spotted off to the side, and he gave himself a few strokes with slick fingers.
"Thanks," Tony panted, shoving himself up off the ground.
Bucky laughed, “Yeah, I wonder why?” He smiled at Steve before glancing back at the picture. “Hard to believe that’s you. Before you got all buff seems like a hundred lifetimes ago.” He smirked at the irony of that statement. “I guess it was. Anyway,” Bucky quickly changed the subject, “It’s difficult to remember anything after getting a look at that new body of yours.” Steve surely wouldn’t mind a bit of harmless flirting, but he gave his friend a gentle nudge all the same. “Say, are there any posters of you shirtless? One would look nice hanging across from my bed.”
"You will be when I'm through with you." He watched the woman's gaze narrow. "Your control is fantastic. Such a striking contrast... yes. A matched set." Loki lifted a golden orb. It hovered neatly over his hand and then flashed.
Steve couldn't find the words, and so he just nodded and pretended to be particularly fascinated by his sandwich until he was sure that he wasn't on the verge of breaking down again. It took less time to recover than it had without his friends there. //Which is why you shouldn't be hiding,// he reminded himself. After losing Bucky, it had taken Peggy to draw him out of himself again. He was lucky to still have a team that honestly cared. "Pepper's getting everything settled." The mood was already heavy, so it seemed like as good a time as any to talk about it. "We're hoping... well, we'll give it a few days, but she wants to plan a service. She's the one to talk to if anyone wants to say anything."
"Well... almost," Clint decided, his expression turning more grim as he remembered his fellows back at the tower. Unwilling to be the one who wrecked the mood, he glanced over at Phil, then smirked as he realized the man was sitting on his ass, surrounded by squabbling ducks. There was something patently absurd about the usually reserved agent in jeans, t-shirt, and glasses that tickled Clint. The smirk turned into a laugh, and Clint rocked back onto his butt and tossed the last of his duck food a good distance away, sending the birds scrambling for it. "Figured I better save you before 'perfect' turned to 'covered in duck shit'." He leaned back on his hands and grinned at Phil. "Though it would've made for a great Tumblr pic."
Steve's eyes were already open, and he nodded, face pale in the soft glow of the arc reactor. He fought against a momentary, panicked urge to tell Tony not to go, to stay and let everyone else go. It was ridiculous and impractical and absolutely not what he really wanted. Badly as Steve wanted to protect Tony, he knew that there were bigger things at stake. Instead of saying any of the things zinging through his head, Steve took a deep breath, kissed Tony soundly, and sat up. "Let's get going." He might not be able to go out into the field, but he could get dressed and sit at the comms and at least know what was happening with his team. "The world's not going to save itself."
The archer smiled. Phil cooking for him had always been a comfort, he realized. Retrospectively, he was starting to realize that virtually every time he'd felt over stressed or insecure, he'd found an excuse to sleep on his handler's couch and at least have coffee in the morning with the other man. "I'd have to say yes to all of that," Clint decided, standing and finding his jeans. While he wasn't ready to put on anything else, he wasn't all about his thighs sticking to random pieces of furniture, either. "Especially bacon. And coffee." He eyed Phil's sleep pants a moment later, smirking and blushing all at once. "So, uh, you weren't kidding about the ones with little arrows all over them."
The woman was on her feet in a second and flinging her arms around Tony's neck. "If you ever," she said carefully against his skin, "ever do anything like that to us again, I will kill you. Honestly kill you." Pepper took a shaky breath and squeezed her eyes closed before finally drawing away. She gave Steve a hug as well, observing with a smile, "You're looking better already."
It wasn't until they got in that Phil registered who was at the helm. He offered the woman a faint smile. "Agent May."
Loki beat him to the punch by mere seconds. His release darkened the satin coverlet beneath them, and he breathed in harsh gasps. As the moment passed, Loki sighed. The high had lasted for only a moment, but it had been enough. "You should go. I believe I'm ready to deal with Miss Romanov now."
Though it was instinctive to answer at once, Phil took a moment to think instead of how to answer. It would be a lie to say he hadn't been bothered, and he frankly didn't want to lie to Clint. Instead he said, "I don't think you enjoyed it," the words calm and careful and sure. "Clint, just because he's capable of modes other than brute force and cruelty doesn't make it consenting. You didn't want it, you didn't ask for it." He stroked Clint's hair since he knew how soothing the man found the gesture. They both needed to be soothed. "This is on him, not on you. I hated hearing it, yes, but only because the idea of anyone hurting you makes me sick."
Bruce sighed, looking worried as usual but following the rest of the team outside. May was definitely the quiet type, even compared to Natasha. "So, ever been to an alien world before? First for me," he said conversationally.
"That would be great. It's a pretty small rack." The phone went silent, and Phil handed it back to the clerk. "Thank you."
"If it's here," Coulson agreed with a rueful smile.
//Who indeed?// Phil shook his head at his own foolishness and nodded his agreement a second later. "Good point. We're supposed to be dressing down." There were only two screens in the theater, and only two options. Hoping it was a safe bet that Clint wouldn't want to see the Care Bear Movie, Phil asked for two tickets to Weird Science instead. When Clint looked at him strangely, he realized what he'd done and ducked his head. "Sorry. I don't go to the movies with anybody all that often. It's habit to just... pay." He pushed the door open and held it. "I might as well be a gentleman."
"You're inspiring," Phil answered with a faint smile before he leaned in to steal another kiss. It was hard to believe what they'd just done. He sank back onto the floor next to Clint and finally bothered to actually zip his pants up and catch his breath. It was awkward in the aftermath, and Phil found himself hosting the unwelcome thought that Clint might have made an impulsive decision solely because he was drunk. "You're right, though - that was amazing."
Coulson hesitated. He considered. He thought it through. Outwardly the introspection took only seconds and Coulson appeared calm the entire time, but inside there was a wild rush of input and interpretation. "I think we can manage that," he finally agreed before giving Steve a pointed look. "Not that we're going anywhere but out on a run to get some soda. Stocking the break room."
"First of all, please keep in mind that I can poison you anytime I want if I'm doing the cooking. Secondly, I told you before: I consider it an essential skill for anyone living alone. I decided early on that it was never a good idea to count on someone else to take care of me. Our line of work doesn't often allow for it." Coulson shrugged as if the philosophy wasn't one of the more depressing ones he held dear. "Besides, I like to eat. I honestly don't understand going to the gym if you don't have anything to burn off."
Nat pulled away, but it was only so she could shed her shirt and step out of her jeans. Beneath she wore a matching set of lacy black bra and panties. "You never know when you're going to need to look good naked," the woman explained with a shrug before closing the distance again to tug off Scott's shirt. "Oh, very nice..." Natasha's soft fingers ran over Scott's arms and his chest with a smile of obvious pleasure. "The two of you are quite the matched set." Where Scott looked soft, gentle somehow despite his muscle tone, Logan was all massive muscles and obvious strength. "I suppose it bears asking ahead of time what you boys might be looking for tonight. Any ideas?"
Coulson discreetly sent word to have medical on hand at the cells. If Steve didn't handle it as well as he thought he might, Coulson wasn't taking chances that any intervention would be too late.
The confession was much more in line with what they wanted to hear, and the Soldier chuckled before he let his hands slide even lower through the slick sweat coating the man's skin. "There, was that so hard? Half the country wants to fuck him. Why would you be any different?" Softly, too quietly for the camera to pick up, he demanded, "Tell me what you want to do to him. Tell me and maybe I'll even help you get a little relief."
Scott looked skeptically at the multi-colored tray, but he didn't say no when Natasha put one of the shot glasses into his hand. He shook his head and took the shot, tossing it back. The overly sweet jello removed any burn from the vodka, and he had to allow, "Not bad, actually."
"Solid logic, except when it isn't," Steve mumbled. Louder, he assented, "I'll talk to anyone who wants to listen."
"They could, but it would do him no good." There was no real reason to lie since he intended to tell the Avengers what was going on in any case. There wasn't any other way to come through it alive. Unscathed was too lofty a goal to strive for, but he hoped at least to live. "The hammer has bonded to an owner. Had I retrieved it, holding Barton would have served an additional purpose. I would have been obliged to kill him to be able to wield the weapon fully myself. As it is... well, as it is, he and Agent Coulson have been gone for hours. They're probably home by now."
Scott lost all sense of their companion in that moment. He was too busy whimpering and panting as Logan fucked him harder, faster. "Close, baby, so close," he managed, ready to explode but unconsciously waiting for Logan to tell him it was okay to let go.
Coulson took a seat next to Clint. Though neither of them spoke, it felt better being close to the man. It felt protected in some intrinsic way he didn't fully understand. They understood, and neither one of them would hold back if it came down to another fight. That knowledge was enough.
"The only memories I have about drinking... they aren't good ones," Steve answered with a wistful smile. "I usually stick to pop." He knew it was nothing that endeared him to anyone. Once upon a time, abstaining from vices had been a virtue. Now it was looked at as being uptight or dated. Of course, in many ways Steve was both, and he was coming to accept the perception as a daily part of life. The last time he'd even tried drinking was after Bucky died, and that was the last thing he wanted to think about. "Believe me, Tony can put back enough that you won't notice I'm skipping it. He has vices enough to cover most of the team, actually." Bruce was usually the only other member of the Avengers who tended to hold back with him. Steve appreciated it even if the real reason was just Bruce keeping himself in check. "You get used to it."
The doctor barely had the question out before Clint was next to him. He followed closely and grabbed her hand as soon as it was in reach. One of the nurses was kind enough to drag up a stool for him, and he settled on it, never taking his eyes off the woman on the bed. "Nat?" he murmured, his heart in his throat. "Nat, it's me, Clint. Can you hear me?"
Clint smirked. "No idea where Coulson is. That's the fun," he purred, deftly unfastening Darien's fly and unceremoniously grabbing the man's cock. He leaned in and nipped at his partner's throat, stroking Darien slowly. "Or, y'know, anyone else, for that matter. Besides, who cares? You didn't seem so shy the other night..."
Natasha rolled her eyes. "I'll get it." She padded over and grabbed the remotes, surfing through the menus as if she did it every day. Once the opening crawl for Spaceballs started, she tucked herself in at Clint's side again. "Just remember, if you cop a feel, we'll both hurt you." It wasn't a serious threat, of course, but Natasha knew that it was important to be clear. She wasn't there to get in the way of what they had. She just needed the comfort of being close too.
"Logan works," the feral mutant replied, crossing his arms over his chest and glowering. He tilted his head curiously. "And if you ain't worried about SHIELD or the Avengers, then what in the hell is in my head that you could possibly want?" he wanted to know. He couldn't imagine anything in his messy, muddled past that a god could care about. "I mean, if it's somethin' from the past, can't ya just do the 'mirror mirror' thing 'n' get whatever it is yer lookin' for?"
Logan nodded. "Fair enough. Sounds like you made the right choice," he said. "Tough choice, too. Marie... Rogue never understood why I left, but... Well, I guess now you can relate. Not that I was exactly lookin' to take your job." He took a few bites of food and a sip of coffee. He couldn't help but stare a little longer than he would've liked at Scott. It was strange and intriguing to see the man without the ruby lenses. It was like he was someone else. //Maybe he is.// Logan tightened his jaw and looked back at his plate. "Well, the Avengers could always use some help, if you decided to stick around."
Clint felt a little bad for embarrassing Coulson even further. Though it was kind of amusing to see the guy so flustered. The mention of him with Natasha made him tense. His moments with her always felt so exposed, anyway. Knowing someone else had seen some of them... //Couldn't be helped, he reminded himself.// "Well, if I'm honest, I have to say I'm impressed you can still make eye contact," Clint said, trying to lighten the subject a bit. "Like I said before... Glad it was you, not someone else."
Swallowing and brushing away the tears, Steve managed, "Help me get him back. The least that Loki owes him is a proper burial."
Leaving Clint hanging, he rounded the corner. "You actually... you told Clint that... seriously?"
Tony nodded, taking a deep breath. Questions were the last thing he was in the mood for, especially from Fury, but he wasn't going to leave his lover's side anytime soon. "Let's go."
Clint's gaze swept over the equipment, and he suddenly felt very uneasy. "So, uh... you can see any of us you want?" he asked. It was starting to become clear why it was so hard to get Coulson flustered. It was also alarmingly clear that there was a real chance Coulson had a really graphic idea of what Clint's personal life looked like. The archer cleared his throat uneasily. "H-have you ever... uh, watched me?"
Hank quickly recovered, grateful for May's help, and not just a little impressed at her level-headedness, considering their circumstances. "I-" The racket of Steve's shield clattering through the shelves distracted him, and his eyes widened at the blur of motion that followed.
More Loki/Tony. The consent is a bit less dubious this time around. Contains more character study than smut, actually. I was surprised too.
Clint followed, but only after he took a few seconds to make sure his legs weren't as wobbly as he felt. He settled on the couch next to Phil, coffee in hand, not quite up against the other man but still within arm's reach. "Star Wars. Got that one," he said with a faint grin. Clint knew Phil was kind of a nerd, but then the archer couldn't completely deny some nerdiness after all the video games he'd played, either. He sobered a little, sipping his coffee. He still felt uncertain, like there was something he should do, but he wasn't sure what.
Logan offered Scott a faint, brief smile, settling on the barstool next to him, leaning back against the bar with his elbows on it. "Well, then... Glad I got ya drunk," he said, though he pointedly kept a fair distance between the two of them, not so much because he was afraid of Scott making a move, but because he was pretty sure if he got too close to Scott again, he'd have the man sprawled over the bar and screaming his name. //Might be a little awkward if someone else decided they wanted a drink to start the day off.// "Maybe we should go watch some television and be useless the rest of the day like we planned?" he suggested.
“I do,” Coulson agreed calmly, “but if it helps, I’d rather not. I prefer talking to you. Besides, if I took it personally every time someone took a shot at me, I would have put Agent Barton six feet under a long time ago. In this line of work, it helps not to hold too many grudges - even against yourself.” Changing tracks and hoping to lighten the moment, Coulson smiled. “They’re going to have to update the Captain America display at the Smithsonian. It identifies you as the only one of the Howling Commandos to die in the line of duty. Maybe we can give them a happier ending now.”
"No," Steve answered firmly. He didn't look away for a second. On that point, at least, he could be completely honest without fear of saying something that wasn't his to give away. "He didn't hurt anyone. He turned himself in when he started to think that something might be wrong." That was the gospel truth too even though it was a severely truncated version of the truth. "I can't say he's okay anymore than I can say you are, though. We both know that wouldn't be the whole story."
Steve had regained just enough brain function to lift a finger. "No. Absolutely not." He fell limp against the bed again a second later. "Besides, I'm pretty sure we agreed to not give each other heart attacks. That means no suit-powered wheelchairs. Ever." Steve took some of the sting out of the comments by rolling over and lazily kissing Tony while stroking fingers up and down his arm. "You have to admit, the upside of this is that we've more or less spent SHIELD-sanctioned time in bed together having sex all day."
"A feast is called for with our companions returned!" he agreed heartily, clapping a hand against Coulson's back as if he hadn't just been warned to treat the man's bruised body carefully.
Clint shrugged and smiled. "I guess it has been awhile since I did the coffee thing. And I might've felt a little weird about coffee with my boss," he admitted, taking another sip. "But if I'd known the mochas were this good, you probably could've talked me into it." In truth, coffee shops were usually either a source of fuel or a dating site, and since the latter hadn't happened in... well, longer than Clint liked to consider, finding a *good* coffee shop hadn't really been priority. "But then, maybe you don't know as much about me as I thought."
"Just a coupl'a tourists here to enjoy the sights?" Logan growled as Tony managed to gesture and speak slowly enough to get a drink out of the bartender. The dark-headed one looked familiar. //Some big ticket playboy...// Logan reached for his whiskey and gulped it down before gesturing for another, not bothering to look at his visitors anymore.
The agents outside barely blinked at their odd-looking shirts or rumpled appearances. "You two alright?"
Tony smiled at that. "Missed you, too." He knew he should be worried. Or stressed. Or running around trying to figure out something to fix their current problem. But it was too comfortable, too right to be laying there curled up with Steve. It was odd, feeling so secure, so comfortable with someone. Especially someone he'd very nearly come to blows with more than once.
"Good boy," Clint purred, rubbing his hand over the quickly reddening handprint he'd left. He glanced at one of his silent observers. "Jason." A flick of his eyes was all it took to communicate what he wanted. He moved to squat in front of Darien once more, roughly tangling his hand in the other man's hair and giving him a cocky smirk as Jason unceremoniously spread Darien's ass cheeks and began slowly licking his entrance. "Don't worry," Clint purred. "We're just gonna fuck your brains out." Clint had to fight to keep from moaning just thinking about what he was going to do to the other man.
Natasha waited until Thor led the way before she moved. The woman paused and finally told the guards, "Keep an eye on the big guy." She hoped that Bruce would be able to join them, but after the fight, she knew it might be awhile. Before Thor could say anything, Natasha told him, "Stark is dead. Barton and Coulson were taken. Cap... well, he's not on the roster at the moment. We need you and anyone else you can spare, and we need to get rid of Loki once and for all."
Tony felt that Steve had gone to a hell of a lot more trouble than that, and he wanted the other man to know how much he appreciated the effort. "Not too shabby for an old guy," agreed Tony. "I can't remember the last time I consumed anything that wasn't 100 proof." The painful reminder of barricading himself against the whole world was not what they needed for the night. Tony quickly banished the memory and flashed Steve a warm smile. "I can't exactly guarantee I won't be making a pig of myself. A stunningly gorgeous pig, but a pig all the same."
It was one of those moments where Steve found himself honestly wishing that he was a little more inclined to violence. It was one thing fighting an opponent who was holding their own, but Loki wasn't. He wasn't even trying. While it was easy to believe that it was all an act, the fact that Tony didn't see it that way was enough to give him serious pause. "Right now, sir, I'm not sure what to think." He turned his gaze to Loki and drew himself up to full height, which wasn't much, though the armor helped add a little bit of bulk. "What's the angle?"
"Well thank fuck for that," Fury muttered. "Where is it?"
"Sir, what about Thor?"
Though he knew there were probably meetings going on, Steve doubted he could keep his cool, and he didn't really want to have the team see him falling apart. Instead he headed upstairs to the living area that the Avengers were all intended to share once the apartments were done and the others moved in. He ordered JARVIS to bring up any information that had been gathered on the attack, but before the anything could come up on the large television screen, another image popped up.
Clint redoubled his efforts to squirm away from Creed, gritting out a, "No!" between his teeth. "Phil... Phil, don't. Please. Not for me."
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve's jaw tensed, and he gave a shake of his head. "No. If you get the urge to overshare, remember that you're not being quiet for SHIELD. You're doing it for me," he added softly. "If I'd been caught back in the War, they would've either buried it, or I would've been finished. Now, here... I have a chance to remind people that who I'm attracted to has nothing to do with how I do my job. I can stand up for a lot of people who might not be able to stand up for themselves. That's why I did all this in the first place."
Visibly drawing back at Natasha’s suggestion, Tony’s first reaction was to say no. Steve was the last person on earth he wanted to see. How could he face him? How could he explain what had happened? Before Tony could stop himself, he was nodding slowly and murmuring, “Yes, could you bring him in?” He winced, unable to take it back. This was an enormous mistake and he knew deep down he wasn’t ready to see Steve.
"Fuck... fuck," Clint growled, surprised and thoroughly turned on by how desperate the man beneath him was. Reaching down, he urged Scott to rise up on his knees and lean back, and Clint looped his arms under Scott's and laced his fingers together behind Scott's neck. Holding him tightly against  his body, Clint started thrusting hard. He didn't worry about trying to last, trying to draw it out. Scott obviously wanted rough and hard and fast, and Clint was more than happy to oblige. "Remember," he hissed into Scott's ear, "you don't cum until I say so."
"Thank you, sir." It was a big offer, giving him that much control, and he appreciated the gesture greatly.
"That it does, thanks to the assistance of your team. We owe you a debt, and we hope that our help may do some work toward paying it."
The young woman started and then smiled broadly at him. "Captain Rogers! Wonderful, wonderful, please, sit." Simmons ushered him into a chair and then explained, "Fitz and I were so close last night, we almost had the answer, and Dr. Banner came down and-"
Darien felt drunk though he hadn't had nearly enough alcohol to claim that. He was drunk on something else - on sensation, on the pain and pleasure and the bizarre situation. He was honestly glad to have Alan taking what he needed because Darien knew that he couldn't have managed a decent rhythm to save his life. Between Clint's cock rubbing relentlessly against his prostate and Jason's hot mouth on his cock Darien was long past overwhelmed. He came all too soon, his hips jerking back against Clint's while his muscles grasped instinctively at the man's length.
One of Thor's large hands came to rest on Steve's shoulder. "Calm yourself, my friend," the thunder god said. "You cannot blame yourself for the actions of others." His eyes cast over the room, his brow creasing into a deep frown. It should not have surprised him to discover that Tony and Steve had feelings for one another. The way the two of them fought, one could practically feel the tension rolling off of them. He fully expected the pair to either rip each other apart or engage in a night of debauchery so fierce it could even be felt in Asgard. "What I cannot understand is why you are being targeted."
Logan smiled faintly as he noted the arm around his waist, and leaned back into the weight behind him. "Kayla..." As he slowly regained more awareness though, he registered a persistent stale booze smell and overpriced cologne. "Stark!" Logan was out of the bed and on his feet in an instant.
"Does SHIELD intend to leave you in command of the Avengers?"
"Never hurts to ask." Steve heard his phone buzz again and picked it up, scowling at the words on the screen. "A warning from Fury that he knows the doctor cleared me. Looks like I'm in after all." Steve tried hard not to look like he was pouting as he ate the pancakes, but he really wasn't ready to face everyone.
No sooner had Steve gotten Tony tucked into his own bed than his phone chimed. He brought it up and felt his knees practically buckle with sudden relief. "Natasha's back. Clint came back and she was in his bed. No word on her status yet." If she'd been okay, she wouldn't have been in bed, she would have probably been in the briefing room sketching out ways she intended to kill Loki for keeping her locked up. Steve tried to focus on the good part of their good news. "If you're up to it, maybe we can grab a wheelchair and go and see her when they're sure she's doing okay."
Steve laughed easily and nodded his agreement. “It actually has. It had before I really realized just how far under my skin you’d gotten.” The moment felt charged, and Steve wondered how much it would be appropriate to say or do. They had spent too much time not speaking freely with one another, so Steve admitted, “I don’t want to push too much. I really don’t want to scare you or mess this up or do anything that’s going to mean we don’t do this again. So, um, would it be okay if… if I kiss you?”
“According to Captain Rogers, he agreed to a date.” The whole thing still sounded a little surreal, but it was good for both of them - at least Phil hoped it would be. “Given that Sergeant Barnes is still in medical for at least the night, I don’t foresee that going badly.” Someone with Steve’s rather old fashioned sensibilities wasn’t likely to try to push Tony any farther than he was comfortable with under any circumstances, let alone the ones in which they found themselves. “Barnes wants the arm removed. Well, replaced,” Coulson amended. “He’s not comfortable wearing Hydra tech, and I can’t blame him.”
"Yeah," Logan answered, doing his best to not look too pissed. //Not his fault I keep gettin' drawn to the wrong people.// The mutant pushed himself up from the bar. "Let's get outta here."
"I'm glad you do," Steve returned, looking down at Tony's hand resting against his own and felt a nervous flutter from the vicinity of his own heart. "You should be resting for now, but... but someday I'd like to know what your heart does want." It was the closest he could come to inviting Tony to speak his mind without taking things so far that they could never go back. For now Steve knew Tony probably needed a friend and a teammate more than anything else. "Anyway, I've got a meeting with Natasha and Fury this afternoon. I guess she's heard something finally."
Logan took the opportunity of Steve arching his head back to steal a quick kiss, lips working the lightly stubbled skin. He shoved Steve's boxers down to his knees and then used his feet to kick them away completely, then repeated the action for himself, leaving nothing between them as he let his heated cock nestle between Steve's buttocks. "Think I might like to see you fuck 'im," Logan finally growled.
Scott sighed at a knock on the door. The training was boring enough without losing his train of thought. "Jesus, Logan, I figured it would be at least- Oh, Agent Coulson. Sorry. Please, come in."
"What - " Tony stopped himself. Hearing a rundown of what he was about to see was probably the last thing he needed. A mix of fear and relief rattled around in him as he looked up at Coulson. "Let's go see him," he said simply. He knew Steve meant a lot to all of them, but aside from Tony, there probably wasn't anyone in the room who cared more about Steve Rogers than Coulson did.
"I'll hold you to that," Steve answered with an eager smile. He kept the pace of his strokes slow because he knew Tony couldn't afford to do too much writhing around. No matter how much he wanted to do far more athletic things, he was tired and Tony was hurt. Just being with the man soothed him to the core. Their hips shifted together, Steve's hand adding whatever friction they didn't create naturally. "I could stay here with you like this forever."
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve let the action guide him and tried not to think about it too much. Tony wouldn't be doing anything if he didn't want to. Assuming otherwise did his lover an unforgivable disservice. The slow, sensual kisses helped to remind him that were was no rush and no pressure. Steve drew back just enough to see the uncertainty in Tony's eyes. "If anything is too much, I'll tell you. I trust you, Tony. I love you." Steve tangled his fingers in the man's dark hair and kissed him for all he was worth.
It was a simple enough question with an unfortunately complicated answer. “We can absolutely see about a replacement.” Coulson hesitated and then finally admitted, “The man who can do the best job in making sure it’s something you’re comfortable using is Tony Stark. He isn’t our only option,” the man hurried to assure, “but he’s the best. I’ll put the word out to some of SHIELD’s people to start working on some options. I’d suggest having people sign it like a cast in the meantime, but given the collective maturity level around here, I think that might result in more inappropriate Sharpie drawings than you’d really like.”
"It's okay. Maybe it wasn't the same as hearing it from you the first time, but it was a hell of a lot better than risking not hearing it." He smiled at the light kisses and broke off to do some kissing of his own. Scott gently nipped at Logan's jaw and then kissed a path to his ear, licking and sucking there to see what got the best reaction. "Just so you know, I told him to return the sentiment. I don't think he got a chance, but it's true. I love you."
Scott didn't bother holding back. He wouldn’t have said no anyway, and his filters were more or less gone thanks to the shots. He arched into Logan's body, his lips parting as Logan worked all of his most vulnerable spots in quick succession. Already hard, his cock strained against his tight pants as Logan pushed all the right buttons.
Having enjoyed an extra long shower, Tony shut off the water and dried himself off with a fluffy towel. He wrapped it around his waist as he heard Steve calling his name. //Excellent timing,// he thought, smiling to himself. "That was quick," Tony said, nonchalantly strolling into the room. "Did you get everything?"
"Mmm, bondage. Well, you know I like that," Clint said, giving Phil a pointed look over his shoulder before he rested his hands atop his handler's, his fingers sliding into the indents between Phil's knuckles. He settled against the other man with a sigh. "Y'know, it's not fair," he pouted, though he didn't really sound upset. "I mean, you pretty much know exactly what I'm into. And all I know is that you like BJs in dark corners in night clubs." He was silent for a moment, then smirked. "Though I do like one thing that I'm betting your tapes might not have shown you." Instead of elaborating, though, Clint yawned and fell silent, letting his eyes droop sleepily and let the warm sun combined with beer and a full stomach lull him gently towards sleep.
Tony grinned, gave the press a sort of gloating wave, and dragged Steve out of the room via a side door that let out into another, smaller conference room. Careful to lock the door behind them, Tony then shoved Steve against the nearest wall and pressed another heated kiss to his lips. "Y'know, I figured I had about an eighty percent chance of getting my teeth slapped out of my head back there. Glad statistics failed me that time," Tony murmured even as his fingers started loosening Steve's belt. "You'll have to forgive me," he breathed, "if I don't have the patience to go all the way back to my room. And, y'know... walking through the halls with a boner? Kinda awkward." He leaned up and nipped at Steve's throat, sighing heavily as he pressed close to the blonde and cupped Steve's groin through his jeans.
Logan nodded, understanding without much effort where the request was coming from. "Glad to." As if to assure his lover he really would, he thrust hard into the man's body, watching as Scott's eyes fluttered and his lips parted. He brushed their mouths together fleetingly before shifting to kiss a trail along the man's jaw and down to his throat. His lips worked down to Scott's collarbone, and he nipped at the skin lightly a few times before shifting to Scott's shoulder. He hooked his hips into Scott's body right as he sank his teeth into the skin, licking and sucking at it a moment later once he was confident the bite would leave a mark.
It hurt to think that Tony blamed himself, that he thought a momentary lapse of judgment or awareness made him culpable somehow. Steve closed the space between them again, unwilling to let Tony close him off. He knew how badly Tony needed someone even if he didn’t want the comfort. “Look at me. Tony, please,” he whispered, waiting until the man turned before reaching up to touch his stubbled cheek. Steve’s breath caught at the bold contact. He wished that the circumstances were something totally different. Once he realized his feelings, Steve had begun to entertain idle fantasies that once Tony recovered they could do things right with dinner and dancing or a movie at home.
Bruce raised an eyebrow, then shook his head with a smirk. "Well, hopefully we won't be doing any vivisection, at any rate. I think that might be a little unethical. Even on Loki," he pointed out. He chuckled. "Not to mention, I don't think I could handle all the complaining Fitz would do." He nudged Jemma with his shoulder. "I'm sure if he's still alive when you do get that close to him, his brother will be there to make sure you're safe. Or me." 'Safe' would be a lot more relative if the Hulk had to protect Jemma, but Bruce couldn't resist the impulse to be a little protective.
Loki let everything but the hard heat of Victor's cock flee his mind. He abandoned himself to the pleasure of it, his hips churning back to meet Victor's punishing thrusts. "Harder," he grated at last, the heady high of release dancing just out of reach as he strained for it. Loki wanted to cum before he had a chance to think about what they were doing and assigning any of his very real baggage as the culprit for the rather odd union.
Thor nodded, glancing at Sif. "That seems a wise plan, Lady Widow." His expression seemed to brighten a little as a thought occurred to him. "We should have a feast tonight! Meat and mead to lift our spirits and fortify us for battle!"
"All yours," Steve agreed, his breath hitching as their hips found an enticing rhythm together. He held fast to Tony and let the feeling of his lover ground him in the moment. If Tony was still there and still holding him, surely there was nothing to worry about. Instead of recoiling, Tony seemed as eager as always, touching and grasping and kissing him back with his usual fervor. Steve's lips parted against Tony's, and ground himself down hard against the other man.
Logan let out a heavy sigh, then glanced Steve again. "So... 'pop'? You look and act like you're old enough to be his grandpa," he said jerking his head toward Tony. "I get the feelin' there's more to ya than serums and red, white, 'n' blue." It wasn't hard for Logan to notice the carefully-contained sense of loss surrounding the blonde. It mirrored his own, though it seemed to have more focus, more structure. Logan felt like his past was a haze full of uncatchable ghosts. Steve seemed to know exactly which spectres were haunting him. //Wonder which one's easier to live with.//
Tony whirled, hands fiddling with a random gadget he'd snatched from a nearby workbench. "You think we could get it to run off an arc reactor?"
"No worries. Meetings are not, surprisingly, my favorite."
"Avengers, let's have a little welcome party ready." Fury rose, coat swirling behind him.
Steve smiled at the touch and chuckled low at the suggestion of buying an island just for vacation purposes. "I think maybe we should be together for a little longer before we buy an island." As much as he hoped and prayed there was a future for the two of them, Steve didn't want to put too much pressure on them. He knew how Tony reacted to pressure, and it was usually bad. "Let's stick with maybe some plane tickets as soon as you're back to being in one piece with no staples and stitches needed."
Clint gasped as Darien's muscles clenched around his aching cock, slamming forward and cumming hard as Alan found his release almost simultaneously. As the last tremors of his orgasm passed, he untied Darien's hands and then sagged back against the wall behind him. With a gesture, the other two men in the room put their clothing back together and left without a word. Clint offered Darien a faint smirk, sagging to the floor and letting his head rest against the wall with an intoxicated-looking grin. "Have fun?" he asked casually.
"Three hundred."
Darien groaned around the man's cock. It hurt like hell, but not in a bad way. He forced himself to breathe through his nose as best he could and finally found a rhythm that let him relax, get oxygen, and even move a bit. He cast his gaze up and found himself even more turned on as he took in the look of abject enjoyment on Clint's face. Squeezing his eyes closed, he braced himself as best he could and tried to move along with the men pressed into his mouth and ass. The pain ebbed as sheer sensation washed everything away, and soon Darien was moaning in time with Jason's rough thrusts.
"The feeling is definitely mutual." He wasn't sure he'd survive a few more days without Tony, let alone a lifetime. Every tiny reminder of the man's outsized presence had left him grasping and desperate to have the man back, to have him close. Steve swallowed hard and hung the towel to get it out of the way before he slipped into Tony's embrace, their lightly damp skin clinging with the movement. With an effort he drew away long enough for them to get to the bed and tumble in, still naked. The scent of Tony lingering in the sheets had been the only thing that let him sleep for the previous two days. Having the real thing was a revelation. Steve buried his face against Tony's neck with a sigh. "Love the way you smell."
Bruce agreed, “He should be back to normal soon. Director Fury still thinks it best that he stay under... protection.” The scientist’s dark eyes told Steve that the orders went deeper than protecting Bucky.
The drag of the mortal's blunt nails sent fireworks of pleasure singing through him. Loki threw his head back and gasped, then met Tony's gaze again. Those black eyes were gorgeously wicked, and he sighed. It would be an easy addiction to cultivate, having Tony Stark at his beck and call. "Do you think that you can be trusted to get us both to the edge, Mr. Stark?" The words were meant to be a challenge. He knew well how Stark responded to challenges, had watched him enough to spot that pattern without even trying.
Steve frowned. JARVIS always followed orders. "JARVIS-" It registered exactly what he was seeing a second later.
"Bruce is ki... ind of a cool dude, too," Tony said, his voice catching as Loki's hand ran down his arm. It was all he could do not to recoil completely, but he couldn't stop himself from shifting the limb away from the god's touch. His heart rate picked up, and Tony wasn't sure if it was fear, revulsion, or the fact that it was kind of enticing that made him want to pull away. //You're just desperate for comfort,// he assured himself. He latched onto the comment about Creed and brought all of his snark to bear in hopes of keeping himself calm. "Yeah, you know, Bruce is house trained, though. Big plus," he said, swallowing hard. It had been a lot easier to do what Loki wanted when he could easily pretend it was Steve fucking him into the mattress. Tony wasn't sure how well he'd hold up when it was just Loki being himself.
"Sorry," Scott answered, sounding every bit as miserable as he felt. "I..." He felt like a toddler coming into his parents' bedroom, but he couldn't stop himself from confessing, "I couldn't sleep. I kept having these... dreams... just... can I sleep in here? I'll take the floor, I don't care, just... I just need to be close to somebody right now." It hurt feeling so broken, and it hurt even more feeling that way around someone like Logan. Once upon a time the man would have pounced on the chance to expose such weakness. Now Scott didn't feel like he had anywhere else to turn.
Clint barely registered being freed until he heard Phil settle on the floor. Slowly, he edged over to his handler. Clint barely registered his own injuries as he gently ran a hand down Phil's arm. He wondered a moment later if the man would even want to be touched. It was impossible to keep from trying to offer comfort, though. Seeing Phil look so hurt and shaken was entirely foreign to Clint, and they'd seen some truly hellish ops together. "Boss?" he whispered hesitantly, his own voice sounding ragged and foreign to him.
"You didn't," Tony replied. He could feel the other man's eyes all over him despite Steve trying his damnedest not to make it obvious. "How about the room down the hall from mine?" Padding along the lush carpeted floors, Tony led his house guest toward the spare bedroom. He kept a firm grip on the towel around his waist and briefly contemplated simply dropping it in order to provoke a reaction out of Steve. "There's a gym downstairs next to the lab," he carried on. "I know how much you like to work those muscles."
Clint sighed and sagged back against the couch. "That's right. You don't do the girl thing. You do the manipulative spy thing," he remembered. He looked at Nat. "You've gotta tell me when you're going to use your scary mind powers on me. That's not fair." When she kept looking at him expectantly, he shrugged. "I... guess it never crossed my mind? I mean, he's the handler, I'm the asset. Sometimes I sleep on his office couch, and he makes good coffee. He's nice and all," //and has a pretty amazing bulge in his PJs//, "but I don't really date..." He said, trailing off self-consciously. The one person he'd considered dating was sitting next to him, pushing him at someone else, and he couldn't decide if he resented that or found it sort of amusing.
"That's a good idea. Though I think the wheelchair's a bit much," Tony groused. He knew that it really wasn't. Creed had managed to mangle a fair amount of his abdominal wall, and walking around was probably not the best idea.
"You're right, we don't know. That doesn't mean we can't believe," Coulson answered mildly. Tony needed to lash out. It was easy to see how furious he was - mostly with himself - and the least Coulson could offer was a target. He honestly didn't mind. On edge as he was, he understood completely. He'd snapped at more than a few junior agents when Clint or Natasha were in danger. It helped in a strange sort of a way. Few people took it personally.
Tony could feel his stitches strain a little even under Steve's partial weight, but they didn't hurt, and he ignored the protesting injuries. He gasped shakily as their cocks ground together perfectly, his hips pressing up into Steve's. "Have to agree," he breathed, grabbing Steve's ass and pulling his hips down as he thrust upwards. Tony's hands mauled his lover's ass as he relished the slide of their bodies together, leaning up for another slow, teasing kiss.
"Nick, I wasn't aware that SHIELD had something against me kissing boys."
Now that was interesting, Tony mentally noted. He might have dismissed the warm flush as anger, but he knew better. Having gotten so thoroughly under Steve's skin had been effortless from the moment they'd met. Tony wasn't looking to butt heads in a public venue, but he could have a little fun. He returned his attention to Steve and tried his best not to grin too smugly. "Bruce and I might have a lot in common - we can talk tech specs till the sun goes down - but seeing as we might be working together again, I thought we - as in you and I - should try and get to know each other better." Tony spread his arms wide and shrugged in a gesture of harmless friendliness. "So, what do you say? Care to spend the evening with me?"
Clint squirmed. "Aside from the lousy wakeup call, it was fine," he grated as Creed tried to secure his arms. The archer's flexibility and speed kept Victor at bay for a few moments until the mutant seemed to get tired of the game and slammed his hands down on Clint's shoulders, pinning him down. The marksman grunted as the wounds on his back were pressed unpleasantly against the rough floor. He met Creed's gaze and fought back panic.
The offer and the idea in general was something Scott hadn't ever thought about. Jean hadn't been particularly adventurous when it came to sex, and he'd learned to modulate his requests accordingly. Maybe it was the alcohol talking, but for some reason it didn't sound like a terrible idea. "I don't think I'd hate that."
Fury's one-eyed gaze drifted to Tony, shifting from looking fairly pleased to looking ready to kill again. "Please tell me this plan doesn't involve me losing another Avenger in charge, 'cause I'd hate to have to have these two put to sleep," he said, gesturing to Fitz-Simmons.
Steve let out a shaky breath and then smiled. "Yeah, I think I did." It was easier to fall to his knees than to stay standing anyway, so Steve reversed their positions with as much grace as he could manage when he was drunk on pleasure. Even when he was face to face with the other man's bulge, Steve took his time. He nipped at the inside of Tony's thigh and mouthed at the hot press of the man's cock against the fabric. Finally Steve unfastened Tony's pants with agonizingly deliberate movements and followed by dragging his boxers down. He licked a long stripe over the head of Tony's cock and smiled. "Now what was it I promised?"
"Look, we all wanna kill 'im, so let's stop talkin' about it before one of us actually decides to. I don't feel like talkin' to Fury right now."
Logan was in no mood to try and hold back. Scott's soft moans of pleasure, his scent, the murmured warning... It was too much, overwhelming Logan's senses and any restraint that he might have had left. He came with a roar of pleasure, burying himself with one final stroke as he filled his lover.
"Not gonna happen."
Loki appeared with a flourish at the back of the cavernous space. "Remarkably easy to clear such a massive structure. I suspect SHIELD was rather proactive in chasing off the locals?" He strode forward as if none of them posed any particular threat - and he didn't really suspect that they did. Various Brotherhood members soon filtered in from the sides to take positions as well. "I hope you weren't waiting too long for us, but making a truly wonderful entrance is impossible for me to resist."
Tony opened his mouth for a retort, but Bruce's soft voice interjected, "It uses life force."
A flicker of movement darted through some of the perfectly trimmed hedges nearby, and Clint had drawn and fired an arrow before Logan had time to stop him. The feral mutant watched along with Clint as some endangered-looking antelope flailed and shrieked as it bled out.
"Maybe we could use a similar channeling technology as the Hydra weapons did. I'd need to talk it over with Tony, though. I'll need his input. He'll be up to helping, won't he?" Bruce asked Steve.
"Which is why we're going to keep working until we find something that doesn't risk killing a team member," Tony growled from his wheelchair.
Fury nodded, settling back in his chair thoughtfully. "We'll take care of her. Don't worry."
"I'd rather not have anybody near it enough to find out," Steve answered. "As for having any control over Tony... well, I can't say I've got that, but I've got a, uh, little influence now. Hopefully enough to get him to take a few breaks every now and then." He was fairly buzzing with the need to be home, to check on Tony and make sure his lover was okay and resting properly. Steve honestly loved his job, but he honestly didn't love it interfering with what felt like far more important things.
"We'll get Creed in holding," Coulson included Logan in the invitation with a glance, "and then get the hammer in storage again." He wasn't willing to say that they wouldn't need it again considering the uncertain situation with Loki, but he knew they needed to get it the hell away from Clint before things got worse.
Clint had been half asleep against Phil's chest when the knock had come, and he was still on the couch, really hating the idea of talking to people. Seeing it was Nat, though, drove him to his feet, and he grabbed her and pulled her into a quick hug. He glanced at Thor, who was holding Phil like the man was his favorite teddy bear that he'd lost months ago, and it was hard to suppress the instinct to pry the god away. Thor's bulk momentarily reminded him a little too much of Creed, and Clint had to very carefully will that impression away. Thor was definitely not hostile. He might have posed a little threat, though. "Uh, Thor... He's got a few bruises you're probably crushing," Clint said, trying to keep his tone from sounding like a death threat.
Fitz nodded his somber agreement with that. Even without the serum, he had the distinct impression that Steve Rogers could find a way to hurt them rather badly if it came down to it. "Sir, do you think we might have one of the suits to work with directly? That might make working out some of the interactions a bit less... theoretical."
"I think that was an antelope."
"Oh, yes, of course." Blushing furiously, Jemma hurried back to the doorway to the building. She knew it wasn't exactly her division to go flitting off to other planets, but she couldn't help but be fascinated by the idea of at least seeing the process.
By the time they got back to base, Phil wasn't sure which thing warring for its share of the stress he felt really won out. First there was the god who'd killed him, then there was the psychotic mutant who'd raped him, and then there was Clint clinging to an evil Asgardian weapon like it was a teddy bear he didn't intend to let go of. He rose the second May had the plane stilled. "Barton, Logan, Romanov, with me. Let's get that in a cell in the deepest, darkest corner of SHIELD we can find. If he's lucky he'll survive long enough to end up in the Fridge." It was a big if the way Clint was eyeing the mutant, honestly.
That much Steve could understand. "It's hard to get close to people," he agreed quietly. //And easy to lose them even once you do.// "I guess that's part of what I like about the team. Not that I get laid," Steve explained quickly, "but they’re people that I can get close to without thinking they won't be there the next day. They might be off on missions or something, but they come home in the end."
"Technically, I never agreed to be -"
Knowing that she didn't make empty threats, Fitz sighed heavily and trudged over to the cot in the corner, curling up on it and muttering under his breath about the suitability of dating genetic experiments.
"Then sleep. If you can't see it, there's a bed a dozen steps away from you against the wall." He had no intention of coddling Stark. It was actually rather gratifying to watch him unable to function at full capacity. Then again, it would be a good deal more gratifying to see him at full power and still unable to lash out or retaliate the way he truly wanted to. "I'll have someone bring food. When you wake, you can eat." Catching the look of reserved surprise on Stark's face, Loki laughed aloud. "I told you: I intend to use you. If you are starved and sleepless, I suspect that you will not prove particularly entertaining."
Grateful for the silent permission, Scott let go as well. His release spattered out across the rumpled bedclothes as his whole body shook. It was intense in a way he didn't understand. For a moment the whirling need inside him was satisfied, and Scott caught his breath. Oxygen rushed in and then the air left him again. Slowly Scott's head began to feel clearer. By the time Clint finally set him down on the bed, he felt almost like himself. "You need to get me to a cell," he managed in a shaky voice. "Sooner rather than later."
Logan raised an eyebrow. "Uh... poisoning?"
Logan raised an eyebrow at the archer. "Time to up yer medication."
Tony tilted his head a little. "Maybe he was scared. Mommy and daddy want him to be a prince, marry a girl, rule a kingdom. He just wants a guy who, as far as anyone knows, is his brother. But mom and dad trump that when you're a dumb kid. Or teenager. Or... how fast to Asgardians grow up, anyway?" Tony wondered aloud, brow furrowing. He shook his head a moment later. "Point is, people do stupid shit when they're scared. Trust me; I know."
Logan was enjoying sleeping in for the first time in forever when the knock came. He managed to make himself pull on some loose-fitting boxer shorts before dragging himself to the door. He could detect Coulson's aftershave and the faint hint of old cards and comic books on the guy before he even opened the door. //Why did I sign up for this gig again?// he wondered to himself, pretty sure the other shoe was about to drop. He opened the door, looking less than thrilled. "So's this the part where you guys tell me I gotta kill someone to earn my keep?" he growled.
Steve again found his skin crawling at how strange and uncomfortable it all was. The media would want Tony there to prove that it hadn't been some stupid, drunken mistake that was tearing the team apart the morning after. The media wanted him there to prove it was something more, and that was all the more awkward since Steve had no idea whether it was or not. "It's okay if you don't want to," he assured softy.
Clint's eyes flicked to Coulson. He still hadn't really registered Loki's proximity, and he settled uneasily on the gurney at his back, leaving the hammer on the floor, the toe of his boot hooked through the strap. "Alright. Hurry up."
Logan moaned as Scott arched against him. Watching his lover's toned, perfectly muscled body writhe in all the right ways was something Logan couldn't get enough of. His free hand lightly teased Scott's cock, touching and stroking and doing everything he could to make his lover as desperate as possible. "You look so fucking good like this. Love it when you're needy," he growled, nipping roughly at Scott's chest.
Steve respected the other man enough to think it through before he answered. “I don’t trust everyone, but I trust my team. I trust Coulson. If I’m not close, I’ll make sure he is.” When it came to SHIELD, Coulson was one of the few agents who didn’t make him feel like he was being continually assessed as a threat. “You’re not going anywhere. I don’t want you worrying about that part. Just hang in there for me, okay? We’ll find a way to make this better.”
Clint saw the weapon charging and knew he had no way of evading it. Curling into a ball, he tried to shield himself against the energy that surged towards him. Dark lightning flickered and crackled around him, and Clint remained frozen in terror, waiting for... something. Whatever horrible thing this new staff would do to him... didn't come. Looking up, Clint realized with a shock that the hammer was producing a sort of energy shield against Loki's attack.
"Hey, okay. Fine. But when you're ready to quit playing Mad Libs with your memories, just come ask. I know a guy." He looked at his water glass, then grudgingly picked it up. "So, if I finish my veggies, can I have more cake?"
The waiter scuttled off to deliver the news, and "Rick" was soon hustling out of the restaurant as he screamed into his phone while Tony casually ate his dinner and looked entirely too satisfied with himself.
Steve liked the roughness. Tony made a note of it, filed it away for future use. //Might have to repurpose some of that closet-full of ties,// he thought to himself as he slowly pushed forward. "You feel fucking amazing," he returned, his voice a gruff rasp as he leaned in to nip at Steve's ear. "Love the way you look squirming under me, begging me... Makes me so fucking hot," he growled.
"Are you working out in your quarters?"
Logan took a long look at Tony, then glanced at Steve. "So this guy works with the Hulk?"
Having overheard the question, Phil glanced in their direction. While he wasn't looking to advertise the details, it wasn't fair to the team to not know that they were in bad shape. He shrugged faintly, leaving it up to Clint how much he wanted to reveal.
Victor pressed in close to Phil once more, unzipping his jeans and grinding himself against Phil's ass. His other hand slid up the back of Phil's head, pressing his face into the wall. "You're gonna feel good. I bet you're nice and tight."
Logan started walking, giving a faint shrug at the question. "Good guy, if a little weird 'n' nerdy. It’s disturbin' how much he seems to know about what goes on around here." He moved into the kitchen, pleased to see they were alone for the moment. He made a beeline for the coffee maker and started a pot before digging out some eggs and bacon. "Ain't much of a cook, but I haven't screwed up the eggs 'n' bacon thing yet. Unless you want a fruit salad or somethin'. Then you're on your own." It was more along the lines of their more traditional ribbing, but Logan didn't feel the animosity behind his words that used to be a given.
Logan took several moments to stare at Steve's powerful form tangled with Tony's lean-muscled body, the blonde with his lips parted beautifully, the billionaire with his dark hair mussed and sweat dampened, a few curls clinging to his damp skin. Then he couldn't resist anymore. Logan moved in again, letting his own aching shaft press against Tony's hip as the feral mutant teased Steve's ass crack with his fingertips. He had no intention of hampering the blonde, but Logan fully intended to have what he saw as his share before it was all said and done.
More an interlude than a full chapter, just fyi.
"Well, we'll see about that one," Tony quipped, though he didn't push the joke further. The moment was too perfect to fill with his usual snark. He pressed himself close to his lover, listening to Steve's heartbeat. There were a million things he wanted to say, but he kept his mouth shut. Now wasn't the time for him to babble clumsily in a useless attempt at expressing himself, and even he knew it. "This feels good," he murmured, staring at a point on the mattress as he held onto Steve like he was afraid the man might disappear. "Perfect. I'm not dreaming, right?"
A real relationship was something Clint wasn't sure he'd ever had in any traditional sense. He thought he'd come close with Nat until she'd more or less ignored his offering of flowers. That was when he'd given up trying to keep worry about staying exclusively hers. Shaking himself out of that thought track, he focused on the man beside him. Phil looked honestly happy, and Clint couldn't help but smile in response. "You know... I know it wasn't technically a date, but yesterday afternoon was nice. It made me feel a little better, with everything going on," he said finally.
Logan tensed, his pulse skipping a beat as he stared at his coffee cup. His mind raced, reaching for ideas of what to say or do in response. He wanted to just grab Scott and drag him right back into the bed, but that wasn't compatible with Scott’s hangover. Finally looking up, Logan nodded slowly. "Alright," he said. There was an awkward pause as he tried to remember the other profound things he was going to say. "I guess I just wanted to make sure. People say a lotta stuff when they're drunk. I didn't wanna hurt you. You've been through enough. Didn't wanna mess up us finally gettin’ along if it was just a six-pack talkin'." He shifted nervously. It was weird territory for him. He was used to either putting his sights on someone and getting what he wanted or getting shot down. There was never friendship or abductions hanging over the whole thing.
Even though they both knew it wasn't strictly true, the words made Coulson smile, and that was all he cared about. It was sweet. Clint was being indulgent, thoughtful, and he was more impressed with that than with anything else. "Well, I'm glad to hear it. You're always welcome. I know I said that before, but it's... well, dating can mean different rules. It doesn't have to with us. I don't want to think of this as starting over from scratch on our friendship. We're finding additional things to do together, not losing any of the ones we have already."
Tony made a show of scrutinizing the blonde before finally patting the mattress next to him. "You could take a load off. Pretty sure you need a doctor. I have a PhD or two. You can totally trust me," he said, setting his tablet aside and turning the covers down next to him. Tony himself wore only a thin tank top and a pair of boxers, but he had no doubts that he'd be shedding those soon enough.
"Mm?" Clint blinked a little, then shook his head. "Well, the fact that I sleep in your office when you're not there aside." He rolled into his side, pressing himself against Phil and throwing an arm and a leg over the man. "I was talking," he yawned out, "about something way dirtier. But I don't know if I should tell you yet. Maybe I should tell you later. As a surprise. Around the third date."
Scott's gaze snapped up at the words. It would make sense with Loki's cryptic comments, but he was stunned at the idea that Logan had been told something that huge and hadn't mentioned it. "That didn't seem important?" He didn't bother to hide his annoyance. If having fights or disagreeing on methodology would keep them from being together, they would never have gotten together to start with. "Logan, Jesus... if he really..." Scott's mind whirled. He wondered if SHIELD had a safe place where he could test the theory. The reality that he might finally be free crashed down on him with shocking force. The idea of never needing the glasses again but not having to hide away from the light, of being free to live however he wanted... Scott leaned back against the wall of the shower to catch his breath.
"It's not very good, is it?" Leaning forward again, Tony scrutinized the image on screen. "Your body's much better than that. Not that I've had much chance to see. After all, you do keep yourself covered up most of the time." He clapped a hand on Steve's shoulder, feeling the muscle underneath. Steve's Captain America uniform left very little to the imagination. Even when Tony had been his angriest with Steve, he couldn't help but notice the other man's scientifically altered physique. Steve Rogers had been transformed into not only a weapon, but the perfect man. "If you feel comfortable enough to walk around naked, you won't hear any arguments from me," he whispered close to his ear.
Tony was quick to follow, putting a hand out and grabbing Logan's shoulder. "Hey, look--" He didn't really get a good read on what happened next. One minute, he was on his feet, the next he was pressed against a wall, Logan's hand tangled in his shirt, with an uncomfortably close view of some very sharp blades.
"It saves my sanity," Phil answered. He caught sight of the look on Clint's face, contemplative, and it wasn't too difficult to follow the progression of his thoughts. "The only time I ever thought of transferring you was about a week in. Tense op, and you didn't listen to a damn thing I said. Then the really annoying part was that you did everything perfectly. Everyone got home without a scratch, and it was perfect." He threw some bacon in a pan and then started chopping things up to throw into the eggs. "So I hung in there. Fury wanted me to give you up after you brought Natasha in. He was furious. I had seen the intel, I heard the chatter... you did the right thing. That was the only time he ever asked. I was angry enough to get a raise out of it."
The sound of Steve crying out so desperately was enough to force Tony to slow for a moment to keep from cumming right then. The copious amount of precum soaking his fingers was enough to tell him that it had been an earnest reaction. "That's probably good," he breathed, hips barely moving against his lover, "because I'm pretty sure I can't get enough of you saying my name like that." Tony stilled then, taking a moment to raise a hickey on Steve's neck before he whispered, "Let's get you and this couch good and messy..." He started thrusting in earnest then, driving for Steve's prostate, squeezing the blonde's cock just hard enough to keep it from being painful and digging the fingers of his free hand into the couch for leverage.
"Stockholm syndrome?" He shrugged, thinking for a moment. He hadn't really thought about it, but he really couldn't find it in himself to truly hate Loki. He looked back up at the god as it slowly dawned on him why. Loki wasn't the monster that he feared becoming. He was broken, lonely, and lost. He didn't have a place in any world. For all his godlike powers, he was actually kind of pathetic. "Guess it's hard to hate someone you pity. They kinda cancel each other out."
"Now."
J examined the voucher closely, then nodded to his fellow thug. "You want more pretty, you come back," he said with a smile as the burlap was tied over Scott's head once again.
Clint chuckled, grateful for the distraction of someone to talk to that he trusted. Steve and Tony were obviously preoccupied, and Darien was a good fuck, but he wasn't a teammate. "Well, I could try and do the 'strong, silent type' thing more often, but I'd hate for people to think I'm just another pretty face."
"Well, you could. I mean, coy is always cute on you," Tony replied, quirking a skeptical brow. "If you wanna roleplay, I won't stop you." He didn't give Steve a chance to defend himself, diving in for a heated kiss and placing his hand on the supersoldier's perfect abs to brace himself. Tony was no slouch in the fitness department - you couldn't fly around in a suit undergoing multiple Gs for hours without doing a few sit-ups in the interim - but he was still amazed at just how perfect Steve's body was. His fingers worked between the buttons of Steve's shirt, getting at what skin they could since he didn't feel coordinated enough to try and actually undo them.
Coulson's voice seemed to be coming down a tunnel. Bucky could barely concentrate on anything thanks to the stabbing pain in his head. He was vaguely aware of being moved, which only seemed to exacerbate his condition. Confusion filled his very soul, while an overwhelming instinct to kill everyone around him struggled to take control. "If you... don't get... away from me," Bucky fought to warn Coulson. "I... will... hurt... you..." Although he couldn't control the impulse - let alone understand it - somehow he knew the agent was in serious danger.
Scott wasn't sure how true the words were given his current state, but he knew that Loan meant them. That went a long way toward offering comfort. "You're gorgeous." His fingers trailed down through the hair on Logan's chest. The man looked like something off the cover of a romance novel. "Scared the hell out of me coming so close to... god, we both could've gotten written off so easily. "
Steve slowly rubbed his hand over Tony's hardening cock by way of response. He really did care about Nat. He really did want to see her, but that was off the table, and for the time being, he wanted Tony even more. It was a dangerous thing to be so entangled so fast and be so willing to put Tony before the rest of the team. He watched the billionaire closely before moving down Tony's body. He pointedly ignored the man's injuries in favor of carefully hooking his thumbs into the waistband of Tony's underwear. Steve inched the fabric down so that he could kiss his lover's hip.
Whether the computer picked up on the catch in his voice or just wanted to be prompt, Jarvis lit a path leading toward the back of the lab, to the section where Tony's suits were displayed. "Sir, if you would?"
"Me? Vindictive?" Scott smirked. "Yeah, probably. Mostly I just think me puking in the middle of everything would kill the mood. I'm not into that." He couldn't quite resist another kiss, though, lingering as long as he dared without losing his own tenuous control. "It's kind of weird. I've never actually had a date with somebody I could make eye contact with." The idea that when it finally did happen he could look into Logan's eyes and have the favor returned left him excited and vaguely terrified. It was a level of nudity Scott wasn't accustomed to.
"Uh, yeah, looks good," Steve agreed, though in truth it looked more like a great place to get tetanus. He was glad for the serum that would prevent it and hoped Tony's luck held out. He opened his mouth to ask why exactly they were stopping in the dive-iest looking bar he had seen since the war when he followed Tony's eyeline. "Oh." Given the man's file, it struck Tony suddenly as stupid that they had been checking in so much nicer places for the first half of the night. Not wasting any time, Steve approached and took a bar stool a seat over before nodding to the grizzled-looking man nursing a whiskey. "Nice to see somebody from the same side of the globe. I'm Steve, this is Tony."
"Yeah. Sounds good." Darien felt shell-shocked by the whole experience. It hadn't been bad - quite the opposite, it had been great, but weird. At least without any external forces at play, things could get back to normal. They were both quiet on the drive back, and that suited Darien just fine. It gave him time to think about the strange new setting of his life. They went back to Clint's room just as Darien had expected. He was starting to think that Clint never did anything that he wasn't in control of, which was alternately exciting and disconcerting. He was so in his head that he didn't at first notice the gorgeous redhead draped in one of Clint's chairs.
Scott panted into his lover's mouth. He was already aching for it, wanting Logan to fuck him. No matter how good Natasha's fingers felt, they were nothing compared to that. The bumps and bruises were nothing compared to the pleasure he felt with both of them working him up. "Think I can take you," he pointed out to Logan. "I think it's enough." He knew he sounded like he was asking permission, and he was to some degree. After everything, he understood that it was all a lot to take in, but he wanted Logan to be willing to take the ride with him and fuck him into the mattress.
"For killing me or for mocking me while doing it?"
Tony shifted uneasily in his chair. It was going to be a little difficult explaining everything without telling them Loki's secret and a bunch of other things he was pretty sure didn't need to be shared. "Look, Loki had a chance to kill me. We talked." He held up a finger when Fury looked ready to ask for details. "Personal stuff, Nick. I'm not here to air his dirty laundry," he said even as Fury gave him a look that suggested he'd like to strangle Tony himself. "Bottom line is, you can do all the brain scans you want on me, or whatever else it takes, but I came to this conclusion on my own. You should, at the least, leave him alive. But I think he'd be a valuable SHIELD asset, as well."
"You'd have to let me into your head. You'd have to let me see what you're thinking, what you know, and how your brain works. Simple as that. I take a walk around in there, get what I need, and then I give your boyfriend what he needs." Loki spread his hands and gave a faint shrug. "Honestly, I'd think you're rather getting the better end of the deal."
Logan held the man tight, letting him cry. Scott bottled things up too much. It had been for the sake of the team when there had still been a team for him to lead. Now he definitely needed to let go. Logan didn't move, didn't speak until Scott did. At Scott's question, he smiled and pulled him into a gentle, chaste kiss that lingered nonetheless. As Logan drew back, he looked into Scott's eyes and nodded solemnly. "I do. I wasn't sure I'd get to tell you in person, but... glad I get to. I love ya, Scott."
"Probably luckier for you that you missed," Bruce muttered, feeling a drop of sweat trickle down the back of his neck. He wasn't exactly interested in letting the Hulk off the leash. At all. But he was fairly sure another bullet in his general direction would do the trick.
Logan, sitting in a recliner in front of the TV, nodded as he turned off the tube. The fact that Scott was still wearing his t-shirt intrigued him, but he didn't say anything. "I'll let you know," he said, "but knowin' you, you covered everything and then some. Get you a beer or anything? Or were you plannin' to leave soon?" He didn't like the idea of Scott leaving. His sense of responsibility remained, yes, but there was something else... //Maybe it's a sense o' guilt,// he told himself. The answer didn't seem to match up enough to quiet his unease.
He led her slowly toward the cafeteria. "You'll haveta forgive us. The team's hurtin' all over right now," he explained.
Thor seemed oblivious to the pair's proximity, instead offering Clint a wince-inducing slap on the back as they left. "It is good to see you as well, friend Hawk. We must talk of our exploits over good drink when things are more calm. Perhaps I could bring you to Asgard and let you test your mettle against the bilgesnipe!"
Fury waited until he got a nod of agreement from Coulson, then leaned back. "I'll have Jarvis schedule your assessments and let you know. For now, take some time to yourselves."
"Tony, don't."
Tony let his lover clean them up, but he couldn't resist touching the man as he worked. The words hurt him in ways he could barely describe, and Tony felt the tears burn his eyes even as the shower washed them away. "God, baby... I'm so sorry," he murmured, leaning up for a kiss. It hurt to imagine Steve, alone and weak and still sick from losing the serum, curled up in the middle of his bed. Even more to know that Pepper had been hurting just as much. "I'm here, though. I'm right here, and I'm not going anywhere, okay?" He tried not to think of where he'd been, what he'd been doing. That just made it worse. In retrospect, it seemed like a profoundly selfish thing, taking solace in Loki's illusion while Steve had suffered miserably.
If he hadn't been completely wrapped up in Scott and the way the man squirmed underneath him, Logan might have wondered at that particular statement. As it was, he took it as a compliment. Scott's eyes were beautiful, and Logan reflected it was a shame that he'd had to spend so much of his life covering them up. //At least I get to see 'em now,// he reflected, leaning in for more kisses as he began to fuck his lover with abandon. "Feel so good," he murmured, nipping roughly at the man's jaw, his throat. He wanted to watch Scott come undone, to see him arch and gasp and squirm underneath him in all the right ways.
"I just might, though I think that's more your bag. Still, anything to not go crazy sitting around, doing..." Clint trailed off, glancing meaningfully at Darien before going back to Phil. "Well, I guess I can't say 'nothing'." He caught the sound of footsteps approaching. Recognizing the sound of that particular gait, Clint raised an eyebrow. "May not need to stalk Fury after all. Sounds like someone has something to tell us."
"Well, he's got the costume for a stage production, at least. But yeah... Once you're a grown-ass man... alien... thing... you really are kinda responsible for being a megalomaniacal douchebag," Clint decided, smirking faintly. It was cathartic bashing Loki with Coulson.
"I think that might make the toast soggy," Steve protested, "but I'll see what I can do." He had no intention of giving Tony alcohol given the pain meds he was on and they both knew it, but he was willing to play along. Steve kissed Tony on the cheek before he got up, brushed his teeth and pulled on some clothing. He went to Tony's favorite coffee shop on the corner and was back a half hour later with two coffees and a bag containing a variety of pastries. "Food," he beckoned, crinkling the bag as he sat down on the bed next to Tony and kicked his shoes off again. "I'm willing to bribe you into consciousness."
Steve found himself nodding, too shocked to think of a proper response. “Yeah. I will. I will,” he assured, seeing a flicker of doubt in Bucky’s eyes. The whole thing would take a lot of thinking, but Steve wasn’t ready to close any doors.
But if you learned anything from working with SHIELD, it was that asking questions about people coming back from the dead was pretty pointless.
"Oh, don't apologize on my account," Natasha drawled with a smile. "I like it. You two are adorable." None of her usual cynicism colored words. Instead they sounded utterly and entirely sincere. And they were. It warmed her from the inside out to see Clint being taken care of by someone who could handle it. Even shaken and haunted, Phil Coulson would always protect him. She would do her best to protect them both.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Clint had opened his mouth to spout off a comeback when the mutant disappeared in a flash of light. "Shit." He glanced around at their surroundings. "I hope this is just a shitty corner of El Paso," he muttered. It was frightening to be left without any resources in the wild, but at least it was a situation they had some control over. They had some hope of being able to do something to take care of themselves. He glanced at Phil. "Any ideas?"
"You could remind me. We could record it. I have a smartphone," Tony pointed out, leaning up a little more, leaving very little space between them. Part of him wanted to just drag Steve down enough to seal the deal, but he held back. Part of the fun, after all, was the chase. That, and having to stand on his tiptoes to take charge might have been a little humiliating. "Or, y'know, we could just do it again in the morning if you don't mind hangover breath."
Though an odd feeling still lingered in the air, Scott waved the apology off. "The team's more important."
Biting back a significantly more graphic remark, Tony managed a relatively civil, "Uh, no... different anatomy. Next question."
It wasn't a surprise to have visitors, really, but Phil found himself still having to take a deep breath before he went to the door. Going over the attack with a shrink had been hard even though the doctor was one he'd spoken to before. That almost made it worse. They'd both survived their assessments, though, and to Phil's surprise the doctors seemed to think that they would be ready for field work again when they felt ready. It was no surprise to see Natasha on the other side of the door, but it was a surprise to see Thor standing behind her. "Come in, please." He stepped aside to let them in and cast a glance toward Clint, checking the man's reactions.
As much as he didn't want to say it, Scott forced himself to proceed. "What if he’s right? What if it's so small that neither one of us sees it?" Logan had, one way or another and for one reason or another, let the god into his mind. That could mean absolutely nothing, or it could mean a whole lot of bad things. He put a hand on the man's chest in a gesture he hoped might placate Logan. "And if Loki is in your head or mine, how the hell would you even know if he didn't want you to? I'm not saying I think we should do anything - you seem like you to me - but I don't want to dismiss it either. If these people are your team, maybe you should trust them a little."
"Something like that's gotta leave an energy signature," Bruce observed. "When Tony wakes up... well, between the two of us, we should be able to rig something."
"I haven't been naked in front of a whole lot of people like this. Just... just one. Doctors and stuff aside, I mean." There hadn't exactly been a rush of people wanting to see him stripped down before the serum. "It's a weird feeling, but that doesn't mean I don't want you. I always want you." Deciding to remember the advantages instead of the disadvantages of his size, Steve climbed into Tony's lap and kissed the man again.
"I don't want to hide this," Phil repeated patiently. "Neither one of us has a stable public relationship track record even if it's for completely different reasons. I'm not too worried about what other people say, I'm worried about us." Maintaining his reputation was one thing. Making Clint feel marginalized for the sake of it was something else, something Phil wasn't willing to consider. "We'll take the hits. Probably a lot of them. Probably some inappropriate comments that we'll both have to deal with in our own special ways. Just don't permanently injure any fellow agents, and I'll try not to fire anyone. I think we can handle that."
Logan smiled, tugging Scott closer. "Livin' in the now is the best thing to do," he agreed, pressing his lips to Scott's throat. "Though I'll make sure to pour out a beer for 'im. Or a whole bottle o' scotch," he amended with a fond smirk. The smile faded a moment later as he remembered he wouldn't get the joy of seeing Tony drunk again. He still remembered throwing Stark on the couch in the hotel in Japan and telling him he wasn't getting a good night kiss. He remembered waking up with Tony curled against his back, having gotten lost in the night. "He was an ass. But he was a good guy."
The note of concern in Clint's tone wasn't lost on Phil. "Drink a little, read a little. Maybe sleep." It was an apt description of most of his nights. After his resurrection, his status as breathing hadn't been a secret, precisely, but it had seemed cruel to go looking for his cellist when she had already done her mourning. She deserved more than he could offer given the life he led.
Logan laughed. He couldn't help it. The idea that Jean might be vanilla... Well, maybe he hadn't missed out in as much as he'd thought. "Just promise me one thing, Scott," he said, tipping Scott's head up to look at him. "If there's ever anything you wanna try, let me know. Not a lot I wouldn't consider, especially for you."
"There wasn't another option. Once you started to relax, to be you? It was nice, an asset with a sense of humor. It's surprisingly difficult to find." Long missions were hellish. Deep cover was painful to navigate. Clint Barton's wisecracking and easy smiles had been a breath of fresh air. The first time Phil heard him make a completely serious-sounding, completely bitchy comment to Fury himself, he'd been sold. "I had several different assets before you and before Natasha, but once it was you two... it fits. We fit. At least I think so," Phil added, flashing Clint a smile as he poured the egg into a pan. "That's rare, and I don't intend to let anyone disturb the balance."
"Pancakes," Steve agreed, reluctantly drawing back from the embrace. He knew it wouldn't always feel wrong or strange. He didn't want to get used to being the man he'd left behind, but Steve knew that he could with Tony's help. "I'll make us some coffee if you handle the food." He felt better moving around Tony's kitchen doing something boring and normal. Catching the tension on Tony's face, Steve caught the man's wrist and gave a gentle tug. "I know this is weird, but I'm not going to break. I don't want you to either."
"A date and hanging out with the Avengers? I am moving up in the world," Jemma teased, her fingers squeezing Bruce's hand affectionately. "I think that sounds rather lovely, though." She wondered how many members of the team would show up. Tony and Steve would likely come as a show of support, such as it was. Coulson and Clint... she doubted that very much. Natasha was impossible to read at the best of times, though Jemma tended to think the woman might cast her lot in with Clint and Coulson since they'd been working together for so long. "It's going to be an interesting situation. Should we make an evite, or do you think we should just sort of spread the word?"
Tony felt gooseflesh rise on his arms in response to the touch, the contact seeming to go straight to his groin. He broke the kiss with a soft gasp. It was an incredibly simple touch, delicate and small and unassuming. And it was all it took to make Tony understand that the god could play him like an instrument. It was intriguing. Tony knew he had no way of getting back to his true love, and killing that pain with a little bit - or a lot - of pleasure was starting to not sound so bad.
Simmons was beginning to realize that Tony was only dimly hearing the things that they were saying and looked to Bruce. She didn't like the line of worry between his brows. She tilted her head, silently questioning, but received nothing more than a head shake in return. The longer they worked, the more she was beginning to wonder exactly what they were really doing. Stark was too intense, too intent, and Simmons had the sinking feeling that he wasn't working for Logan, he was working for himself. Unable to keep quiet, she ventured, "Maybe we should bring Logan in this afternoon, tell him what we've been working on, give him some time to think about it."
Coulson smiled faintly at that. The fact that Tony was composed and looked halfway like himself again did his heart good. If Tony looked like he was handling things, it meant maybe Steve was too. "You’ve got it." He spent a few selfish seconds bemoaning the fact that Natasha's return meant Clint would be with her for the foreseeable future. He wouldn't wake up to coffee and Clint curled up on his couch and the man's surprisingly adorable, sleepy smile. He filed the thought away to think about after pretty much never and pushed Tony toward the elevator. "How's he doing?"
"Of course not, sir," Jarvis' clipped tone answered, "only those you've deemed suitable for me to share."
Logan groaned into the kiss, savoring the taste of Nat's sex on Scott's lips. He briefly dragged his fingers over the woman's sensitized clit before blindly unfastening Scott's fly and shoving denim and underwear away. His fingers wrapped around Scott's exposed cock, slicking precum over the shaft as his other hand cupped Scott's cheek gently in spite of his rising passion. "Definitely... not gonna get tired o' you," he agreed between sloppy, anxious kisses, "but might talk me into sharin' again..."
A few minutes of white-knuckle riding and zipping in and out of car lanes had them in front of a nondescript building with a neon sign out front that simply said "bar." Clint dismounted and offered Darien a grin. "Time for a beer." He lead the way inside.
This chapter is a threesome. Like, pretty much the entire chapter except a few paragraphs at the start and the end. Not into it? Skip it!
In which things are almost sort of okay for Steve for a few minutes.
Tony couldn't help but have a good chuckle at the statement. Once he recomposed himself a little, he grinned at Loki. "I can't really argue that point. Your brother's pretty dumb. On a lot of levels." //Kicking you out of bed, for starters,// Tony caught himself thinking. His mind drifted briefly to the idea of the two Asgardians tangled up with one another before he refocused, wondering at himself. //Just been in captivity too long.// "You do realize you two don't have to pretend you're best friends if the Avengers accept you, right? I mean, we'd appreciate you not destroying my tower over who has to make a new pot of coffee or arguing in the middle of a mission, but aside from that...?" Tony shrugged.
Clint nodded his agreement. He'd almost forgotten for a second that the world was circling the bowl in the midst of their banter. He'd even almost managed to put his teammates' troubles out of his mind. Selfish, perhaps, but Clint worried enough for four people most of the time. Still, the idea of checking on Nat actually served to brighten his mood a bit. "Yeah, let's do that," he decided, then remembered he wasn't exactly dressed for it. "Right after I put some real clothes on. Meet you at the cell block in ten."
"No hammer," Phil agreed resolutely before suggesting, "but we could check on Natasha." She deserved to know that Loki hadn't gotten what he wanted and that there might soon be help for her. Coulson fought back a surge of jealousy at giving up the rare downtime with Clint. It wasn't his to monopolize. "I'm sure she'd appreciate some company."
Realizing he was being a little ridiculous, Clint smiled more easily - and maybe a little sheepishly - and did as he was told, pressing himself close to Phil and sighing quietly. His handler felt warm and reassuring against him, and Clint found himself surprised at how comforting his presence was. Not to mention, Phil smelled fucking amazing. Clint had been too focused on other things earlier, and it just then occurred to him that the man's aftershave or soap or whatever the hell it was smelled absolutely fantastic. Clint's arm slid around Phil's waist, and he burrowed his face into the man's chest. "This feels good," he said quietly.
"Mostly because I can't help but watch Captain America look desperate and horny and like he's ready to beg me to fuck him," Tony breathed, chocolate brown eyes looking almost jet black as he gave Steve a wicked smirk. His fingers drifted lower, over Steve's balls, lightly teasing Steve's entrance. "Not easy, you know. I'm anxious to see you cum so hard you forget who you are..."
Logan was relieved and horrified all at once. "I'm sorry. I mean, I know it's not much comfort, but..." He trailed off, feeling awkward. //This is the exact opposite of something I can handle with my skill set.// "I'm just glad you're alive. Kept thinkin' I'd find out you'd..." He trailed off, surprised at himself and how much the idea bothered him. Sure, they'd had their differences. Sure, their last interaction had involved trying to beat each other into the ground, but the idea of Scott winding up dead, especially at the hands of slavers, cut Logan to the quick.
"Well, I can't imagine you ever being useless," Tony said, offering Steve a meaningful half smile. Even though he had familiarized himself with Steve's records, and knew all about him before he had been injected with the super soldier serum, Tony found himself impressed with the man before he ever became Captain America. Determination, compassion, and a fierce sense of justice were things that could never be bottled. "In fact, I think you're selling yourself short. From what I can see, you've been pretty amazing since day one."
Logan shifted uneasily, his gaze wavering for a split second. "Why the hell would I know anything about some artifact, anyway? That was your deal back in the day," he countered, though he was getting a sinking feeling that Nat had been right. What did I know? What'd I give 'im access to? "All I remember was gettin' shot at in Normandy. I can't help ya."
"Hey. That's too far," Tony said, standing up. Unlike most everyone else, Tony Stark gave less than two shits about whether the Director got mad at him and threw him off the team. SHIELD was using Tony's tower after all, and the organization had already figured out that Tony's tech-fu was better than theirs and that if Iron Man didn't want them in his tower, they weren't staying in his tower. In that spirit, Tony didn't even blink when Fury fixed him with an exasperated gaze. "That gun had a shelf-life, and Steve chose to make the move before it shit the bed. I'm sure Fitz-Simmons can tell you it's a pile of worthless scrap by now. Or close to it. The other option was to let your favorite marksman try and wield the hammer directly and probably go all Gollum on you."
It didn't a rocket scientist to piece together what Logan wanted, and Steve was all for it. The sound of Tony's voice drew his attention away again. His breath caught at the look on the man's face as their lips met again. "Like this. I want to see you." He was willing to allow that involving a third person might not be the most romantic, subtle way to start things, but he at least wanted to look into Tony's eyes. Realizing he'd never let go of the lube to start with, Steve quickly coated his fingers with the cool, slippery liquid before letting one finger tease at Tony's entrance. He doubted Logan would be particularly pleased if he dragged his feet, but Steve wasn't about to rush either. Hot, dirty, and kinky were all just fine by him - painful wasn't. Gently the single digit slipped inside, and Steve wasn't surprised to find the slide easy even though they were just starting out. Leaning down, he pressed Tony back against the bed and set about kissing and nipping at the man's exposed neck. "Tell me when you're ready for more, and you'll get it."
Clint grinned wickedly and gave Darien's cock a squeeze through his slacks. He kissed a trail up to Darien's jaw and planted a rough bite there, then threaded his fingers into Darien's hair. "C'mon." He dragged Darien toward the back rooms at a quick pace, gesturing to a couple of his acquaintances in the bar as he went. Both of the other men sported military haircuts, lean muscle, and a fair number of tattoos. As Clint stepped into one of the available rooms, he bent Darien over the only "furniture" in it: a low, narrow padded table. The other two men quickly tied Darien's hands out to his sides, leaving him face-down and more or less helpless. Pleased with the view, Clint stepped close to Darien, running his hand through the other man's hair and then using it to tug Darien's head up and smirk down at him. "You look good like this."
Hopefully before anyone's feelings could get hurt, Bruce interjected, "We'll get it figured out, Agent Coulson."
When he'd recovered from seeing Loki smile - quite possibly more terrifying than seeing him angry - Tony thought about it. "Well, I have no doubt that the Avengers and the X-Men together could mop up Magneto's goons. Especially if you let them have me back." He knew it was all theoretical, and that the likelihood Loki would take suggestions from him, useful or not, was small. He also wasn't unwilling to try. He tilted his head, staring hard at Loki. "I guess if you really wanted to keep yourself entertained, you could join the Avengers. Plenty of chaos where we are. Though there might be a little workplace tension."
"I mean do whatever I ask, do it without question. You'll be everything to me that Barton was, except you won't have the luxury of knowing that you had no control. I gave him that gift. He's returned the favor rather poorly, which is why he's in his current predicament," Loki explained, his gaze fixed on Tony's face even though the man couldn't see him properly. "I may ask you to give me information or make me a cup of tea. I may ask you to get down on your knees and service me... or some of my dear new friends. Do you think that your pride can handle that, Mr. Stark? For their lives, can you truly and willingly submit?"
"Whatever. Friends give friends a heads up about that kind of thing. If I knew I'd tell you. In case. Theoretically," Natasha agreed in the same mild tone as before. She stretched her legs out and set her empty can of soda aside. Leveling Clint with a mock serious stare, Nat put a hand on his knee. "You do know I wasn't a virgin when we met, right?" Laughing softly, she sat back against the couch and shook her head. "It wasn't a big deal. He was more embarrassed about it than I was. Something about it being unprofessional. It was cute."
In which a little work is done and a little relaxation is found.
"Unfortunately the court of public opinion remains in session," Coulson observed from the door with a rueful smile. "You're going to have to talk about this and soon." He held out an iPad with several of the more lurid headlines about the incident highlighted.
Tony watched the man charge off through one of the habitats and disappear, then lightly tugged at the shredded cloth around his wounds. "Gonna need some scotch... stitches. Stitches and... scotch..." As the adrenaline faded, so too apparently did Tony's hold on consciousness.
"You can do that. Always." Steve smiled at the sight of Tony's sleepy face, the smile on his lips and the way his eyes were starting to blink more and more slowly as sleep threatened. "Get some sleep. Tomorrow's going to be a big day." He tried to make it sound like a day filled with potential instead of the potential disaster he felt it might really be. Steve knew damn well he might lose the person who had somehow become the center of his universe. The thought was enough to make him shift in closer to hold Tony tight as he let his eyes close. "See you in the morning."
"I'd rather not let the other guy out to play if I don't have to."
Logan made a soft sound of arousal as the woman's tongue started working his cock. "Fuck..." he murmured, watching Nat's tongue working over his shaft like it was the only thing she'd wanted all evening. He'd already been turned on, and it didn't take much to get him to full hardness. Tearing his eyes away from Nat, Logan caught sight of Scott watching them, his blue eyes so dark it was unreal. Not above showing off for his lover as well as their guest, Logan let his eyes flutter shut and his head fall back a bit, moaning his pleasure as his hips rocked into Nat's attentions.
Steve shrugged. "Well, there's that too. It's... complicated, I guess. We push each other's buttons, push each other. That's not always bad. Anyway, like you said, all I can really do right now is wait it out and see what happens." //What happens if we're all doing that?// Steve pushed the thought away to ponder later. If he had to. "Maybe if it comes down to real dating, I can ask for some tips?" he ventured hopefully. "I know what used to be appropriate, but I'm guessing the rules have changed pretty dramatically."
"Get ready," Scott shot toward Logan, sending a blast straight at Loki. It wasn't going to hurt him, and it didn't, but it did slam Loki back against the wall - giving at least one shot without the god moving or having as much opportunity to dodge. It would have been a lot more helpful if Hulk had been able to immobilize Loki more fully, but Hulk was still chasing Quicksilver like a dog chasing its own tail.
"You were the first thing he asked about too." Steve watched relief bloom on Scott's face.
"I think we can manage one better than that. There's a pull out in our room." Tony had been kind enough to find them a suite in an Americanized hotel so that Steve wouldn't have one more set of things to feel completely lost about. "Which Tony can sleep on," Steve added after a beat. He was so drunk already that he wasn't likely to know the difference, and it sounded like it had been awhile since Logan had slept in a proper bed. Steve slid from his stool and offered an arm to Tony. "I know better than to think you're walking out of here unassisted without giving yourself a concussion."
Logan teased for only a moment more before he lost the restraint he needed to do so. With a slight shift, he sheathed himself in his lover once more, grunting his pleasure. His hands tightened on the man's thighs as he withdrew only to slam forward hard once more, seemingly having forgotten his intent to keep things slow and easy. "Fuck, you feel good," he growled as he continued the rough, steady thrusts.
Bruce gave her a wry smile, leaning back long enough for the barista to drop off their beverages before he answered, "Well, when Agent Romanov and a hundred of SHIELD's finest ask you nicely to do a little scientific consulting, you don't say no. And then you apparently stick around for the interstellar war and the camaraderie."
Clint squeezed his eyes shut, steadying his breathing. The shake in Coulson's voice and the feel of the man's cock filling his throat had him rock hard and light headed. Trying to focus on his breath, Clint doubled his efforts to take Phil all the way down, letting the man's shaft slide a little deeper with every bob of his head. It was a struggle, and by the time his lips were wrapped around the base of Phil's cock, his face was streaked with tears. He drew back, slid back down, and managed to establish a rhythm. That done, he grabbed the wrist of one of the hands resting on his shoulder and placed it on the back of his head, looking up at the man as he slowly took Phil down again, silently offering him permission to take control if he wanted.
"I think it was what Fury needed, actually. I guess he was thinking the same thing as me... at least, once his computer snooped through my computer and found the file I made for Logan. Guess I'll need to upgrade Jarvis's security again." He raked a hand through his hair, sighing and looking a little worse for wear finally. "It'd be really cool if they could not go through the computers in the tower that I built and they moved into, but I guess SHIELD doesn't play that way, huh?"
Coulson smiled back. "You've got a point. Sleep tight," he bid before heading back to the elevator and his own room. He went ahead and took a couple of the pills on the way down. He was a long way from hungry, and by the time he finished showering and putting on something that wasn't littered with pieces of broken glass, he'd be ready for sleep. The shower was a rebirth, the painkillers did their job, and within an hour, Coulson was happily buried beneath the covers with hopes of a full night's sleep for once.
Loki gave the faintest nod, shifting against the man as he kissed Tony almost gently. There wasn't any affection in the way he treated the man, but mutual desire was just as good sometimes. For once he could simply savor the contact with no bruises or wounds to nurse later - not that he minded them. He rather enjoyed them sometimes, but there were moments where he wished for something soft and a bit less harsh, and it seemed that Tony Stark of all people was willing to offer that. "I won't break," he whispered against Tony's lips. Loki followed the words by licking his way back into Tony's mouth and swallowing the soft moans that escaped the mortal.
"Sir, I don't recommend continuing - "
He rolled out from under her and was about to ask what the hell Tony had done when he saw Phil holstering a strange weapon. "She's not dead. Just out. Should stay that way for awhile. Barton, you think you can help Hulk take down the walking shag rug?"
"So, what I'm getting from this is that I should cancel the massive swing party I had set up for next Friday," Tony replied without batting an eye. He couldn't keep a straight face long, though, and he leaned in to nip at Steve's lower lip. "Okay, no more imagining Loki naked for you. But you don't really have to do much imagining when it comes to me. All you have to do is ask. Anytime. Anywhere. My fly is always open."
Logan drew a wad of bills from his pocket, but didn't quite let J take hold of it. "I get it back if I don't like what I see."
"Always."
Even though he already knew the answer, Steve called, “Jarvis, where’s Tony?”
"Upside is now you've got as much of it as you want. No waiting, no interruptions... well, until Fury decides he wants us. I'm guessing he'll wait until Steve's vertical." Thinking about what Steve was going through made him hold on a little tighter. He could so easily have been in the same place that it was terrifying. "Scared me. I know you recovered last time, but I kept thinking about... if you didn't." Scott's breath caught at the idea, and he breathed carefully through the pain. Before the mission, Scott honestly hadn't let himself consider the idea of Logan not coming home. After, watching everyone grieve, he'd been confronted rather brutally with the idea.
Watching Natasha cut through men like they were tissue never stopped being unsettling. What really rattled Steve was the fact that there were so few guards. They were obviously supposed to find the place. The whole thing smelled like a set-up, and that idea worried him more than anything. What else could be happening? A scream echoed down the hall and Steve felt his heart skip a beat.
"You make it sound pretty simple. But then, I guess you're not the dead man," Tony said flatly, his jaw tightening. He wondered absently if there would be a way to convince any of them that Loki would be on their side. It seemed unlikely. The god had a talent for convincing people he was on their side right before he stuck a knife in them. Tony knew that even vouching for the god was out of the question; they'd all assume he'd been bewitched.
Tony smirked, grabbing his phone and pulling up the only number he seemed to use these days. HEY, BEAUTIFUL. FEEL LIKE BRINGING LUNCH? OR SHOULD I MEET YOU SOMEWHERE?
"I don't know either," Phil answered the silent question. "I remember waking up, and Tahiti, but between Loki and that... I suspect it's better that I don't remember." The words bore the smooth marks of repetition. It wasn't an intentional lie, but it wasn't precisely the truth either. His tone softened. "I do know I'm grateful to be back." Reaching across the counter, Phil topped off his drink. "We don't all have enough friends to enjoy the luxury of being missed. Speaking of which," he inquired in the most neural tone possible, "how's the new recruit?"
For all his impatience, even Logan could take a minute to enjoy the view the two were presenting. Both men were incredibly fit, looked absolutely perfect together. The eerie glow of the arc reactor only served to highlight the perfect curves of muscles, the beads of sweat clinging to their skin. Logan found himself moving closer to them again. He stretched out beside Tony, fingertips tracing the outline of one pec before he reached lower to begin stroking the man's cock, drawing a low moan of pleasure from him.
Tony stayed tense under Loki's touch, swallowing hard. He registered the god's distraction a moment later, and his gaze followed his captor's, registering the unusual cast of Loki's skin. "I think your complexion begs to differ," he murmured, wondering if that had been what Loki had meant when he'd spoken of the gun's effects on him earlier. "And, y'know, the whole torturing my friends and threatening to kill them. And me."
“He’s got the wheels in motion. As it turns out, even SHIELD isn’t all that good at saying no to Captain America,” Phil answered as took a seat next to the bed. “They still want to keep you overnight. Observation. It’s standard protocol, and it seemed like a good idea.” He had no idea whether Bucky knew Steve was currently in their shared suite making dinner for Tony, but he knew that Bucky passing through in the middle of it was a bad idea on a few dozen different levels. “In the meantime, it seemed cruel and unusual to leave you with no one to talk to.”
Logan couldn't help a short chuckle at that. "Scott, I joined a team with a demi-god, a guy that makes me look like I should run an anger management class, someone whose superpower is money, a pair o' Freudian slips, and a fossil, and you're worried about me gettin' scared o' you bein' bi?" He shook his head and continued before Scott could answer. "'Course I'll be your wingman. Can't have you runnin' off with the coyote uglies. I mean, you're at least a ten." //That last part. That last part should've stayed in my head.//
Tony shivered at the feeling of Loki's breath against his ear, the promise in the god's voice. His jaw clenched as he slowly forced himself to remember that this was reality. He briefly considered pressing himself in close to the god just for the sake of comfort, but he doubted that would be tolerated. He'd gotten all the 'comfort' from Loki that he was going to. "Well, it better be pretty mind-blowing," he returned, hoping his captor had missed him flinching. Tony was disgusted at himself on a lot of levels, but at the same time it was hard to hate himself too much. //Gonna die, right? Might as well go out having fun considering the other option is endless pain.//
Logan didn't mind the babbling at all. Knowing he could make someone as controlled as Scott go completely incoherent with just a touch was actually kind of a huge ego boost. "I like that plan. I think we should definitely do that," Logan agreed with a broad grin, watching Scott's lean muscles contract as the man worked to gain more friction, a pleasure which Logan teasingly denied. Instead, he captured Scott's lips in another kiss as his fingers teasingly slid into the fly of Scott's boxers, stroking fleetingly across the man's cock here and there without offering any sort of real relief.
"I... a few people. Fury, a couple of friends. Work's a place where I feel like I'm in control. I didn't really want anyone looking at me like I was broken." Of course, that hadn't worked out very well since once he'd surfaced again after the whole mess with Loki people had either looked at him like he was probably a vampire or about to keel over. "I didn't have to take much time off. She lived pretty close." He leaned into Clint's embrace and was grateful for the support. Even a year later, it stung, and knowing that Clint cared meant more than anything else. "It was easier keeping things normal when I was on the clock."
"Fuck you, Logan. It was NSync," Scott countered, nuzzling into Logan's embrace just the same. He fell asleep happy and sticky and ridiculously relaxed. He managed, for once, to wake the same way. There was no panic. He'd had no bad dreams at all. Scott smiled and shifted. He also felt a little gross, but a morning shower could take care of that. Carefully he edged away from Logan and padded into the bathroom, turning on the water and stepping under it with a sigh of relief.
In which Logan is definitely compromised, and action needs to be taken.
Tony stopped for a moment to offer Steve his typical cocky smirk. "What's the right answer? 'Challenge accepted'?" Grinning even more broadly at Steve's put-out expression, Tony dove back into his work. He licked at the head of the man's cock a few more times before slowly letting the shaft slide into his mouth. He sucked and teased, his tongue manipulating the swollen flesh skillfully. After a moment, he paused, his eyes raising to meet Steve's bright blue gaze. Then, with a muffled moan, he slid forward, letting the blonde's thick shaft slowly glide into his throat. He didn't pause until his lips were stretched around the base of Steve's cock, then drew back slowly only to repeat the process again and again.
As the rest of them went back to their stations, Steve pulled out his sketchbook. He curled up in one of the chairs and started working. He wouldn't let himself admit even internally why he was so focused. He was trying to preserve every last bit of Tony that he could. Nothing cemented memories for him like putting them on paper. His gaze almost never left Tony except when it fell briefly to the page, smudging lines or trying to get a curve just right. He needed to preserve everything while he still had a chance.
Steve just smiled in response and licked a drip of precum from the head of Tony's cock. He loved watching Tony fall apart. The man looked at him like he was a dream come true, and it was a feeling he could happily get used to. There were a lot worse things in the world to be than Tony Stark's fantasy. "You tell me if you're having trouble keeping still. I can always stop," Steve teased. Despite the words, he took Tony's hips in his hands and held them firmly as he slowly began to swallow Tony's length from tip to base.
"Maybe a little," Clint agreed, his hands sliding from Phil's shoulders and down to hook his fingers into the man's belt loops to get leverage for a far more suggestive shift of his hips. Thinking back to the encounter in the club made it difficult to resist doing otherwise. "I thought at first I was just gonna get you all flustered again," he breathed.
Thor shifted uncomfortably, glancing at Tony. "Lord Fury, considering... considering the Man of Iron's suggestion, perhaps I could leave my brother in your custody for safekeeping? If you intend to keep him alive, that is." He paused, placing a hand on Loki's shoulder once more. "He has no place he calls his own on Asgard, in spite of my offers. Perhaps, if he wishes, he could find a place here?"
Steve gasped Tony's name and clutched at his lover's back. It was nice knowing that he wasn't likely to hurt the man because it was hard not to hold fast. He spread his legs wider to give Tony better access with no hint of his earlier hesitance. Being hesitant was categorically impossible with Tony Stark staring at him like he was the tastiest thing on the menu. "I don't think I'd say no to that... the last part there? That sounds pretty good."
"I do."
"Not unless I am too." Steve couldn't believe Tony felt the same way and more that he was willing to say so. It was more than he'd dared to hope for. Finally Steve gave Tony's head another kiss and then pointed out, "Your coffee is gonna get cold… and I'm not gonna go anywhere." Casually made though it was, Steve meant the promise with his whole being. Tony had lost too many people in his life. Steve refused to add to that list.
"Of course."
"Jesus," Clint breathed, looking at the photos. He flushed a little shamefully a moment later. "Sorry. Just..." He shook his head in disbelief, then immediately felt grateful he'd had a heads-up because he was pretty sure he'd have made a complete ass of himself otherwise. He handed the phone back to Nat. "This is definitely not gonna be good." Rogers obviously couldn't lead them in the field like that, which left them leaderless in an already barely-cohesive team. "Just when I thought things were gonna get better."
"Maybe only part of their sense of self worth?" he suggested with a smile. "They are helping, and Simmons was the only one who didn't look at me like I was a cheap hooker for having a few hickeys." Steve trailed his fingers over Tony's chest idly. "Not that I mind, exactly. I like them. I like... I like them seeing the marks and knowing that I'm yours." It was old fashioned or possibly not politically correct, but Steve didn't much care. His only concern was that Tony knew exactly how he felt. "I like being yours."
Victor smirked, holding Clint up off the floor as the man struggled. "Awful scrawny for such a massive pain in the ass," he observed.
Steve set down the box containing his things and looked around the room. It could have passed for the twin of the one he’d been staying in. The only difference was the move to a different floor and the suite he now shared in the suite with Bucky. Steve felt a flutter of nervous excitement at the thought. They hadn’t shared a living space in decades. Or any space, really. In the days since everything went to hell, Steve had tried a dozen times or more to find a moment to talk to Tony, to see if the move was okay with him and if he understood. Instead he’d been met with a wall of silence aided by Jarvis and the unlikely bodyguard of Natasha. She circled Tony protectively and always held up whatever lie Jarvis put forth about Tony being busy with research.
He wasn't even sure Steve would be awake so late, considering how easily he tired out, so Tony stepped into his suite quietly. Finding his lover already in bed, he settled lightly on the edge of it and watched Steve sleeping for awhile. He was as beautiful asleep as awake, perhaps moreso. Asleep, he wasn't wearing his usual look of worry and doubt. Tony stood, stripping down to his boxers before quietly sliding into the bed beside his lover, trying his best to keep from waking the blonde.
Steve rooming with Bucky bothered Tony more than he cared to admit. There was no jealousy, but he feared for Steve's safety. Unstable did not even begin to describe Bucky Barnes' condition. Although Tony had been loathe to delve into the background of the man, a part of him wanted to understand more about Bucky. "Just promise me you'll be careful," he told Steve somberly. "I know you're capable of looking after yourself, but I don't trust what he may or may not do."
It didn't take a genius to see from the look on Tony's face that whatever Steve said had been something entirely less than appropriate - and possibly very motivational. Simmons averted her gaze pointedly and ended up sharing a smile with Bruce. "I rather think we'll all need a lavish tropical vacation when this is over. Agent Coulson said that Tahiti is nice."
“No,” Bucky protested, reaching for Steve’s arm. “No, please don’t go.” He shook his head despite the dull ache that had settled inside of it. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said anything. I didn’t mean to turn on you like that.” Ashamed of himself and feeling more lost than ever before, Bucky sighed heavily and melted deeper into the sofa. “Everybody wants me to remember what happened, but these little bits that come back to me make me not like myself very much.” He glanced up, his eyes filled with sadness. “I mean, look at how I blew up at you,” Bucky pointed out. “I never would have acted like that before.”
Bucky drifted in and out of consciousness. He felt as if he was floating outside of himself, lost in a shadowy mist. Struggling to find something solid and real to hold onto, Bucky reached out and blindly grabbed onto the nearest thing he could find. Unbeknownst to him, he had wrapped his hand around the arm of Agent Coulson. Bucky woke with a start and sat bolt upright in bed. "Where am I?" he asked, his eyes darting from side to side urgently.
Nat followed in a similarly casual style with Phil close behind. Apart from Logan, none of them were strangers to such jumps. Nat considered jumping the easy part. It was what happened after they landed that worried her. Loki wanted them weak, he wanted them distracted, and she wasn't sure how he intended to get them that way. She had herself together a beat after landing. She saw nothing closeby, which was good. It meant they hadn't come in too close, at least. "If our scans are accurate, he's-"
Tony nodded. "Romanov, Barton, Coulson? Do the creepy spy through the ventilation shafts thing. The rest of is are taking the front door."
Coulson covered Bucky’s hand with his own and gently eased it away. “You’re in the infirmary. I’m afraid I had to give you something to calm you down. Do you remember what happened back in your quarters?” He doubted it. The look on the sergeant's face had been confused at best when he “came to” the first time.
Steve stood and managed to look not in the slightest bit intimidating. He still squared his shoulders and put a hand on Tony's chest. "That's enough. Your project is Loki. We did this to fix what he broke. Now we do this so that he doesn't break anyone else." He met Tony's gaze and waited until his lover looked away before he turned his gaze to Bruce. "Anything else we worry about another time and in less stressful circumstances. I’m not going to drop dead in the interim so long as I keep my inhaler in my pocket," Steve added with a rueful smile
"I think we fit, too," Clint decided, reaching over the counter to grab the coffee pot and fill his cup without actually getting up. He meant it in more than one sense. He felt there was little doubt that he, Nat, and Phil all fit together as a team. He was pretty sure any other combination would never be as perfect in the field. In fact, Clint's least favorite thing in the world was being the test dummy for new handlers, which was a common occurrence since he had the best survivability when a new handler ended up being an idiot. In terms of he and Phil fitting together... he wasn't as positive, but he knew for certain that it felt comfortable, being with and around the other man.
Now Steve & Tony get a little fluff time. They deserve it too.
Steve didn't even have time to choke out Jarvis' name before the visor slid back. Apparently his need for haste had been obvious without words. He didn't believe it even seeing the sight with his own eyes, couldn't understand. "Tony?" he finally choked, fingers rising and then falling away when he realized they were still covered in metal. Even through the burning need to clutch at Tony and kiss him senseless, Steve managed, "Where were we going on vacation?" It had to be something no one but Tony would know, something that no imposter could simply conjure up. Something not in the files. Steve did his best to remain stoic, not to cry as he fought the urge to tear away the armor and hold his lover and let himself believe before he had real proof.
Scott swallowed and nodded. "I could use it, yeah," he agreed. The man looking at him was Logan, was the Logan he was slowly coming to know on a far more intimate level than he'd ever expected. The idea that he could lose that man as fast as he'd found him was terrifying. Scott found himself hoping that Agent Barton was wrong and worrying even more that he was right.
Heimdall glanced at the mutant. "Shall I send you there?"
"You could say that," Clint dead panned. "I assume you're not just calling to ask me about my daily routine."
"Well, it kept me from pancaking on the streets of New York, so I guess it's not all bad."
"Someone does," the woman answered easily. She unfolded herself into the closest chair with ease and grace, then looked him over. "You need a friend. Since letting Steve or Bruce know what happened would be a bad idea for obvious reasons and Clint has even worse bedside manner than I do..." Natasha smiled faintly at the man in the bed, but the expression flickered away just as quickly. "You'd be surprised how well I understand."
"Oh, you love it," Tony said, reaching for the bag of pastries. "You're never happier than when you're commanding a meeting." He passed a napkin to Steve, and then allowed him a chance to make a selection. "I'm thinking of letting my pal here," Tony indicated the other man with a nod, "move in for a while." Knowing full well the news would take Steve by surprise, Tony munched happily on a chocolate croissant. "I don't think Cap's too comfortable with S.H.E.I.L.D.'s accommodations," he told Pepper. "Plus, I made him a promise to help him get a little more settled into our bright and progressive twenty-first century."
Simmons had never been more glad in her life at the possibility of not being in the field and so terrified at the same time of what might happen in the field. "Director, we honestly think that... well, that there should be no need for a back up plan. Everything should go perfectly."
“Bucky? What happened?” Standing in the doorway, Steve looked tense despite having finally gotten through to Tony. Seeing the text from Coulson had sent his pulse racing.
"It's good to see you too," Phil answered honestly despite the aching of his body protesting the rough treatment. He knew that Thor meant it only as affection, and they could both use plenty of that after what they'd been through. "We were worried."
"No, not nothing," Loki agreed mildly enough, watching as Tony attempted to find his metaphoric sea legs. The mortal was resilient in a way that was certainly appealing even if he also happened to be one of the most damnably annoying creatures that Loki had yet encountered. "Is that what happened to your companion Coulson, then? The heart I tore to shreds grew back?" It was a curious thing. From everything Loki had seen, such a blow should have killed the man, and quickly. It was mystifying to see him still up and walking and apparently well.
Coulson's jaw tensed at the thought. If Thor held back and let them clean up his mess and then saved Loki, he would be very close to wanting to kill the other god as well. He took a few breaths and finally nodded. "I think we've earned it. Unfortunately we both know that people don't often get what they've earned. I'll settle for knowing he won't be back even if he's just been thrown in the darkest jail cell in Asgard." There weren't many people or beings in the universe that Coulson hated. There were those he disliked or disagreed with, those who did distasteful things or who were painfully stupid. He hated Loki.
