Cas stares at his hand for a nerve-wracking moment before he takes it and stands. Their fingers slot together, warm and tight.
Dean instinctively thrusts into the tight warm texture of Cas’s hand and lets out an overwhelmed, “Guh,” as he grabs onto Cas’s shoulders. He scrambles for purchase, and one hand flies back to brace himself against the wall as Cas starts
Cas bites down into Dean’s bottom lip, and into the gasp Dean lets free, mutters, almost to himself, “What are you up to.”
He grabs onto the static, bracing himself for the electric shock, but it doesn’t come. Instead, it just feels soft, and welcoming. It’s the strangest sensation, nothing at all comparable to anything on Earth. Like fire-warmed velvet around a live-wire. Like how clouds should feel when you watch them with your back on a sunny field.
Cas walks forward, close enough to touch if Dean wanted to. His hair is ruffled from sleep. “I read a bit. Had a nap,” and gestures to his hair to illustrate. His smile twists a little, and he says, “Mostly, I, um. I missed you.”
. He scruffs a hand at the back of his neck, and says, before Cas can say something, “I’m going to make a quick run to the store. Do you want anything?”
He waits until Cas is in the garden that evening and scuttles to the bathroom. He drops his jeans to his knees, pushes his boxers down as well, and eyes up the KY Jelly. He can – he can do this. Better to do it now, so if Cas just pushes in like that actor, Dean will be ready. Dean has to make this good for Cas, and this way, he can make sure it’s all under control. This bit won’t be fun anyway, so there’s no pressure for him to perform and pretend he’s enjoying it; he knows Cas and Cas might stop, and then Dean might not man up enough to try again.
It hits Dean like a baseball to the head. He pulls his hand back so he can fully twist in his sofa and stare at him. “Cas? Do you not like Dr Sexy?”
There’s innuendo in her voice that he can’t figure out on two hours of sleep and a sexuality crisis, so he ignores it. Instead, he realises, “Shit, yeah. I need to tell Cas.”
Why does she get to be a hunter by choice, happy and content with the life, and why does she get to be happy and content having gay sex with her gay partner?
He manages to get a job soon after, in the second month of living in the new home. He gets lucky, because the local auto shop just lost a guy to retirement and are looking for someone new. The ad reads. ‘reliable and hygienic mechanic needed, immediate start, basic starting rate.’ Which, Dean doesn’t mean to brag, but he’s been described as both reliable
It’s, really, truly, about when they finally buy in a television, and Dean spends a whole afternoon setting it up, and they lounge back against the huge couch that seems to suck them both in. Dean can’t even turn on the TV, too tired from the day, and he just pulls Cas tight to his side. “What do you want to watch?”
Dean swallows back any other response to that and says, with forced lightness, “Nah, I’ll just follow you over. The sooner we gank this thing, the better.”
The woman looks him over with pruned lips, and then eventually must decide that he is the potential customer he’s playing. She says, “Fine. I can give you Michaela’s number and you can give her a call. But up to her if she tells you anything.”
Dean stretches up to suck a mark on Cas’s collarbone, gripping the skin between his teeth and being mean about it, wanting to mark him proper. With his spare hands, he grabs at Cas’s belt buckle and starts to pull it apart. He pulls Cas’s fly down, his knuckles passing over the bulge underneath, hard flesh underneath soft boxers. Dean’s mouth goes dry at the thought, and he loses all sense of carefulness as he shoves Cas’s pants down to his ankles. Cas steps out of them as Dean’s mouth pops off his skin, and Dean gets to just take in the view.
Cas’s voice is light. Dean suspects he is hiding a smile, but he doesn’t look up to check. “I don’t think that will happen, Dean. I survived the explosion of Mount Vesuvius and housed Lucifer in my body. I do not think a man with scissor-hands and a striped sweater could disarm me.”
“Nothing happened,” croaks Dean, and then clears his throat. “Cas, seriously, what the fuck? What, you weren’t you enjoying yourself?”
The door is yanked open, away from Dean’s rapping fist, and Meera stands there looking a little murderous. “What?” she snaps. “You couldn’t text?”
He runs his palms over his face, rubbing hard to try and push life and blood back into the skin. He wants to storm after Cas, and it’s taking actual effort not to. Whether for a fight or to prostate himself at Cas’s feet, begging for his forgiveness, he’s not sure yet. That anger, that hurt, bubbles inside of him, and he stands back up. He turns away, cheeks hot, from the counter he’d just- Cas had been pressed- he turns away, and his gaze gets stuck on Cas’s discarded gardening gloves.
Cas is standing there, in the same suit and tie, but with a new trench coat fitted on top. It’s one that Dean doesn’t recognises – perhaps either brand new or pulled from whatever Heavenly wardrobe he used in the past. He stands rigid and untouchable. Dean wants to, at the same time, walk close to ruffle him up as well as back out of this dreadful scene to never return.
Dean wishes he were an angel, in this one instance, so he could reach into Cas’s mind and pluck away whatever pains him now. For now, though, all he can do is keep holding onto him, keep loving him. He swipes gently around Cas’s orbital bone, still hazy from his own sleep, and tries to think his love as hard as he can towards Cas.
“I helped Sam build a bookshelf,” says Dean. He steps a little closer, towards the living space, and says, “He, uh, said I can be overbearing sometimes.”
Dean’s head hurts. “What? No. That doesn’t make sense. I wasn’t lying to you; I was only lying to myself.”
Once he’s up there, he decides to get comfortable. He takes off his robe and his t-shirt, and he sits on top of the covers.  He wipes off weirdly clammy hands on his sweatpants, and reloads the website, perching the computer on his knees to give him a little room.
. He knows he’s attracted to him – he knows what it feels like now, heady with lust or just admiring the cut of his shoulders underneath a second-hand knitted sweater. But it gets all twisted up and rotten when he tries to slot that into the rest of his life. What does that mean for all the women he dated before? What does that mean about his personality, the ladies’ man, the Han Solo, the flirt? What about the johns and the bait and everyone who sexualised
The ceremony itself was rather quick. They asked another couple at the courthouse to be their witnesses, in return for the same favour. Dean buttoned up one of his cleaner shirts, and Cas wore a deep blue tie.
The camera is zoomed in, and – and look. Dean has seen plenty of porn. He’s seen tentacles and dildos and what-the-fuck-ever. But he has never seen someone lavish a cock like this guy Ryan is. He looks like true bliss is a dick on his tongue. He moans around it, sinking deep until he gags on it, then pulls back and licks a broad tongue across the slit. He lets out a gasp of pleasure, and twists so the camera can see the cock bulging Ryan’s cheek out.
Dean’s eyes feel hot, and he parks the car, pulls on the handbrake. He clears his throat. “You still there?”
The conversation moves on without him, with now Rosanna telling the story of how she first met her fella. He finishes his beer, and then, in a lull in the story, says, “Let me out, I need to hit the can.” He shuffles out, bracing himself needlessly on Cas’s thigh to stand, but loving the feel of the thick muscle anyway. He waves off everyone’s jeers and demands for him to come back with the next round as he stumbles to the men’s bathroom.
Cas loves the tea, thankfully, enough that he doesn’t even make Dean explain why he bought them. He makes them each a cup, and delights at the fiddle of the strainer, and makes Dean sit with him to enjoy it quietly.
Dean sneaks back into the house through the back, and upstairs for the pièce de resistance, crouching low on his toes to slip into their bedroom. He can hear Cas downstairs, happily asking Jack how he is, what he’s been up to, is he okay – the usual. Meanwhile, Dean rifles through the closet, to the back, until he finds exactly what he’s looking for.
Which, true. Definitely true. Dean swallows back his panic and keeps an easy smile on his face. He says, “I sure do.”
Cas nods. “There is not an inch of your body I do not want to kiss, or touch, or bite. I’ve been experimenting with masturbation, and I’ve found myself to have a fervent imagination.”
Cas skims his hands up along Dean’s arms, goosebumps trailing after him, and kisses Dean, so sweet and gentle. “Let’s sleep, then,” he says, and somehow, they climb under the sheets without Dean imploding into a thousand tiny pieces. Dean hasn’t brushed his teeth, and he’ll need a piss in the middle of the night, but he’ll choose total organ failure before he lets go of Cas at this point.
“It is unreasonable,” Cas will reply when Dean points that out. “You’re just trigger happy. And cranky. Sam would never shoot me
For the most part, drunks love Cas. He’s friendly, and always happy to have an inane conversation or listen to drunken imaginings, and he always knows how to water them down gently. But for some reason, his usual charm isn’t working. He’s saying something Dean can’t hear over the stereo, and then the drunkard is reaching forward to grab at Cas’ shirt.
Someone says they have already, a regular Dean can’t be fucked to remember the name of, “And the police, too!”
. “Cas,” Dean moans against Cas’s mouth, and Cas’s hand tightens in his hair, and Dean lets out an honest-to-god whimper at the sensation.
“Okay,” says Cas, sleepily. It takes more effort than Dean thought it would to let go of Cas’ hand, but he does, and he goes to get the nurse.
Then, movement, as Sam comes skidding into the doorway, almost crashing into them both. “Cas!” He exclaims brightly, and then adds, in a not-quite-surprised tone, “Ah.”
Sam brings him a beer while he’s remembering that, slouching on the sand and watching the others play in the ocean. Eileen and Charlie are tossing a beach ball between them, and making Cas try (not very hard, from what he can see) to snatch it from them.
“Well,” and now Sam looks apologetic, looking between Eileen and Cas. “Actually, I was thinking I might drive over. I think it’s going to be difficult to research if they can’t even describe it, and I can take the bunker database on my laptop if I need any research.”
Dean realises they’re just staring at each other a few minutes after they’ve been doing so, and he casts his gaze down to his finished bottle as an escape. He swallows, takes another sip from it to finish off the final drops. He slams the bottle down, back onto the table.
He pushes his face against the nape of Dean’s neck, and says, breath washing over the sensitive skin there, “You don’t have to prove anything to me, Dean. I want you, as you are. I just want you to want me too.”
“Perhaps,” Cas says, matter-of-factly, and Dean drops the whisk on the floor. It clatters, obnoxiously, and he’s aware he’s gripping the countertop tight enough to crack either the granite or his own bones.
He doesn’t say anything long enough for the kid to realise he’s not a potential john. The kid narrows his eyes. “Look, man, I don’t know what you think you heard, but if you’re not a customer, it’s none of your business.”
He hears the wet suction, the bitten off groan of the recipient, the rocking metronome of it, the inelegant slurp of trying to swallow with a cock in your mouth.
“Just take it, alright? I’ve – I get it.” Dean’s gruff with everything he’s choking down. He pushes the cash forward again.
Dick bares his teeth and pushes Ash aside as Dean approaches him. “It wasn’t my fault,” Dick insists.
Sam rolls his eyes. “You can fight Eileen for the honour – she misses a good exorcism. She keeps texting Rowena to send a few her way for practice.”
They break apart at the same time – for air, perhaps. Dean doesn’t let go of Cas’s face, but he feels Cas’s hands go slack from where they previously dug on either side of his spine. They stare at each other for a long moment, their breath one between them.
Dean doesn’t get the point of the story. Usually, any childhood memories they share are brief before they get tense. A quick ‘at least someone else knows my particular brand of fucked up’ and then move on to lighter things. This is different territory.
Dean scoffs, but still catches the smile on Sam’s face, easily disagreeing with his own words. “Eat your damn pancakes.”
“I assure you, I’m not.” Cas shuffles, dislodges Dean just enough to scoot down and lie by Dean’s side. “I understand that you worry. I am
“We can take Miracle too!” Dean snaps. His hands are curling into fists, and this is rapidly spiralling out of his control.
“I’m getting that.” Dean refuses to meet his brother’s eyes. From the tone of his voice, it’s not going to be anything he likes. He pauses, and then says, “She’s gone now.”
Cas has to stay for another night for observation, and so Dean stays too. He leaves only to get vending-machine food and have a piss when he needs to. When the doctor gives Cas the all-clear to go home, Dean’s the one who lets out an audible sigh of relief, while Cas just looks quietly bemused.
Dean watches him go, rooted to the ground as if he’d been planted by Cas too, all the way back into the house. Dean stares back at the ground, thinking hard about nothing at all. He catches sight of some forgotten tomato mulch, discarded by the birds in the night. He lets out a sigh of his own. This feels like the kind of thing he needs to fix, with little idea of how. He wonders if there’s anyone at all who knows how to appease a cranky angel-ish guy.
“No, Jack rescued me. He pulled me – ah, forcibly – from the Empty, without any deals or strings attached.” Dean searches Cas’s eyes, and can’t find any hint of deceit. “We spent some time together in Heaven, rebuilding it and ensuring the Empty could not take me again. I recovered my grace fully, and we closed the boundaries of Heaven and Hell to avoid any escapees.”
And Cas replies, mild-mannered and still examining the difference between two detergents, “Yes. I was exceedingly jealous of Benny, if you remember.” And Dean has to recalibrate some more stuff.
Cassie and Meera are waiting outside room number 5, and nod inside when Dean pulls into the car park. He and Cas follow them inside to a room with one queen bed in the middle of it and scraps of an investigation pinned onto the wall. Dean walks straight over to it, for a lack of anything else to do, and is quickly forced to admit that yes, Cassie does know what she’s doing.
Inspiration suddenly strikes, and a slow grin stretches his face. He snatches the remote from Cas’s hand and says, “I have an idea. Metatron might have already shown you the spoilers, but you need to experience tribbles for yourself.”
“Oh, saints.” She reaches to cup his chin between her thumb and finger - he goes cross-eyed looking down at her crimson nail. “There is a whole spectrum between gay and straight. You must know this.”
Dean finds his hand gripped around the TV remote, with his finger pressed on the pause button and the TV halted accordingly. It’s frozen on Dr Sexy’s face, open and confessional.
“You know,” says Cas, in the voice that means whatever he’s going to say is going to annoy Dean a lot. “If you want, you could borrow my car to go for a date in the next town over.”
“Really, this means nothing,” Cas says, as he kneads the flesh of Dean’s shoulder to settle upon. His legs have appeared for this important task, apparently. “I think you’re probably reading too much into this.”
He tries to think over what he did like. He closes his eyes and tries to only pick out the good parts. Maybe he can focus on those and try again another time. Maybe he can start off liking certain things, and then warm up to liking everything else gay, like the hair pulling and ramming in without warning.
“Great,” says Cassie, speaking straight over him. “Dean, Meera, you guys go left. Meanwhile, the Cass team will go right. Losing pair has to buy the other a round of drinks after?”
He spends some time thinking about past relationships. He wonders if Cassie or Lisa ever guessed – he can’t imagine so.
He takes a moment of nervous apprehension before he looks over, to see Cas already turned to him. Still there – no lightning strike or black goo or blood.
“Come on,” he says, readjusting the brass pipe in his grip. “The only thing worse would be if we have to buy them drinks.”
Dean ignores them. He shrugs off his over-layer, green and brown plaid, and bundles it up to press it against Cas’ head wound. He says, low, “You’re okay.” And then he calls behind him, “Call an ambulance!”
He lifts up the sad tomato plant and thrusts it at Cas’s chest. It’s an ugly thing, uglier still in the light of the overhead bulb, and Cas takes it from instinct more than anything. He stares at it for a moment.
This time, it’s a math round, which Sam and Cas are acing, so Dean has the chance to just take a breather and lean near Jo. “You regret not buying this place, yet?” he asks, which he does every few weeks or so. It’s one way to surefire annoy her - but if she ever says yes, at least he’ll know, and he’ll pass her the keys. It’s her birthright, he figures.
He wanders back to the bedroom – previously Dean’s, now theirs – and finds Cas still on his phone. He barely looks up from the screen as Dean comes in, shuts the door behind him and hangs up his robe on a brass hook. He simply reaches a hand over and flips open the sheets to welcome Dean in.
He has the unbidden thought that he wasn’t supposed to enjoy it, that it was supposed to be a chore to kiss him, and then that thought sets fire to the rest of his brain until it’s filled with numbing smoke. Dean swallows. He makes no move at all to remove his hands.
Still wearing the trench-coat, his tie crooked and shirt wrinkle, Cas sprawls across Baby’s seat with a hand wrapped around his cock, emerging from his dark navy slacks. Dean leans forward and holds himself over Cas with his palms gripping on Cas’s thighs.
But no one will listen to him to make another deal. God, Billie, Heaven and Hell – just one more deal.
“I get it if you don’t want to talk about all the details,” says Sam, after a while. “It’s between you and Cas. I just want to help – you know that.”
Cas slips out of his boxers, and his cock is heavy and pearling at the tip, flushed and as desperate as Dean feels right now. He kneels with one leg on the bed to lean over Dean and kiss him until Dean’s lips are numb and swollen and slut-red. “Can I?” Cas asks, and he uncaps the lube so as to finish his question.
Jack shakes his head. “I mean the intention of their souls. What they wanted to do with their time on Earth. Like – some people didn’t choose to get turned into monsters, and they tried their best to avoid harming people. Like Benny!” He gestures at Dean.
Victor lets out a bark of a laugh, and admits, “Fuck off. It’s that new dating app – I didn’t want you to rib me about it.”
Dean’s plan works perfectly – as he showers, with the curtain drawn and his back turned, Cas proves he’s still waiting for him by proceeding to bitch solidly about listing every single body part and organ a cat has, that Cas does not.
for. He comes, hard and shouting, striping over his own chest. He opens his eyes just in time to see Cas’s eyes go wild and desperate, and then he stutters into Dean’s ass and comes. He lets out one long breath, and then goes limp, falling bodily on top of Dean.
“There we go,” Cas says, satisfied. He moves to roll away, but Dean’s hands grip around him to hold him there, pull him lower until his weight covers Dean bodily.
Cas smiles, the kind of smile Dean has stared at before without knowing why. He says, “I liked how you said it, though. I like the idea of building a life together. And continuing to.”
“Then you are,” Charlie says, soft. Then she seems to remember herself, and says, “Shit! I’m supposed to be, like, acknowledging you. Um, you are valid. And this doesn’t change that I love and respect you.”
Cas lets out an irritated sound and stands up, stalks away from the couch to clench his fists a few feet away. “I am
Sam watches him for long enough that Dean starts to fidget underneath his gaze. Eventually, Sam says, “Okay. Pass me a beer, will you? Let’s go watch the sun for a bit.”
Cas shrugs as he bends down to drop Miracle. “I could eat,” he says. He quirks a smile at Dean. “No one makes me sandwiches in Heaven.”
“Well, then,” says Dean, and he puts aside his own plate. He sits up so he can pull the folded bed sheets over them both, because he wants Cas to have a nap and he figures he can lead by example. He lies back down to lie on his side so he can still face Cas. “I’m sorry you got hurt.”
Dean joins in as drummer, pressing his lips together and rapping invisible sticks against invisible drums, tapping the ball of his feet on an invisible pedal. Jack throws his head back and forth, completely off beat, but he's laughing too. They let out matching wolf-howls to the song, and they're both laughing and shouting as the chorus escalates and finally finishes.
Dean follows him outside to the allotment, where Cas is pulling up the ruined fruit, slamming them into a plastic bucket. “It’ll be good for compost at least,” Cas says waspishly as he senses Dean come closer. “For the next batch. Or maybe I won’t dare grow anything good for humans, if it’s going to be good for the birds too.”
“I still don’t really understand it myself,” says Cas, who sits on the table neatly, like an Egyptian statue of a cat. “I was in the Empty, and I was – asleep, or near to it. I think I was dead. The most dead I’ve been yet, I think.”
Fair enough. Dean sits, and says off-handedly, “Well, if you do, I’m sure you could have some of Miracle’s food. Dogs and cats eat the same thing, right?”
“Dean,” says Cas, achingly gentle. “That’s not true. You have enriched so many people’s lives. You have saved so many.”
“Is a child. If an adult turns up at his door and says she knows his dad, he’ll let her in. Come on,” and Dean starts up the car. “Let’s go let the girls know, and then we can start hunting the ugly fucker down.”
Now, the door opens and Cas finds him a similar position to those years ago - seven, almost. Cas flings his keys into the clay bowl Jo had sent them from Myanmar, along with a postcard that said, ‘
Dean’s gaze flickers up, and his panic must be written all over his face, because a flicker of softness passes over her expression before she’s back to her unimpressed usual. (Usual, apparently, for having known her all of an hour.) He swallows, and says, “Cool. Do I get my own jumpsuit?”
“The Impala screamed whatever I wanted it to,” says Dean with a warning finger pointed in Cas’s direction. There’s a beat, and then Dean pulls a face. “That sounded better before I said it.”
With his heart in his throat, Dean does, pulling the car to a stop on the edge of a dirt road, empty fields for miles. He keeps his grip on the wheel even as the engine rumbles to silence. He doesn’t dare look over, not even when Cas’s fingers creep over his.
Sam waves it off. They won’t agree on this - not today, and not without therapy they’ll never go to. “Not my point. When he went out that night, you smuggled us out, and took us down. I was trying to remember which beach it was, but-”
It’s like an overlay effect, and for a second, Dean’s looking at this dark-eyed kid and he sees his own green eyes looking back, defiant and bratty because otherwise he’d look desperate.
“My point is - I’m glad we found the beach.” Sam draws his knees up and holds his beer lax between them. “Then and now.”
It’s like when he was a kid, and they’d finally stay at a motel with a TV waiting for them. When Dad was on a hunt and Dean would stay up late because school didn’t matter in the morning, but Sam did, right then and there, and Dean had to keep watch. When Dean would flick through the channels with big eyes and wonder.
“So,” Cas says, as Dean begins serving up a tower of pancakes for them all to eat from. “Defeating Chuck still left monsters to hunt?”
Dean watches him for a moment, just a single moment, where he lets himself count his breaths and watch the colour come back to his cheeks. His stubble is longer than he usually keeps it, dark enough to cast a deeper shadow over his jaw, and his hair looks soft from the lack of product. Dean, for that one moment, is tempted to brush an errant curl away.
“And what a shame that would have been.” Dean’s never going back in the ocean again. “Come on, there’s only six episodes left to catch up on. We can blast through them all tonight, and then watch live every week.”
“I mean,” Sam continues, clearly not as concerned about imminent fratricide as he should be. “You two are literally married.” He looks pointedly at the ring on Dean’s finger, and Dean, maturely, shoves said hand into his pocket.
Dean nods. He wishes he could disagree. But he doesn’t have anything to offer, not really, no matter how much this kid definitely needs help from
“Are you happy, Cas?” Dean finds himself asking, before he even realises he was going to speak. Almost against his will, he remembers a tear-soaked confession and black goo. A deal dependant on such happiness. As soon as he thinks that, Dean wishes he could stuff the words back into his mouth.
He says, soft and reverent, “Heaven is no longer the recycling of old memories. It is truly paradise, again. But of course, the problem for true paradise, and what my siblings never understood, is that humans are entirely individual. You share similarities, of course. Many people want to be on a beach, and many others wish to be in the mountains. Many generations have lived in the same home, and so that building must be replicated for every year it stood.
Dean remembers being sixteen and hungry. Remembers the taste of sugar sandwiches, just two pieces of bread and granulated sugar between them because that’s all he could steal from the local shop. Remembers the desperation of Dad promising two weeks and taking six. Remembers the first time some middle-aged man stared too long at his lips and remembers the humiliation of charging ten dollars and the guy grinning at the low offer.
,” Cassie complains before she fists her grip in Meera’s collar and pulls her close for a brief smack of a kiss. “I want a pitcher for the drink you owe me.”
They both don’t say anything about it, not even as Dean carries Cas all the way into Dean’s room. Cas does make a little –
“Absolutely not.” Cas yanks him back by the arm and pushes him back against the wall. “What do you mean, for
“Dean,” interrupts Cas, which is a helpful pointer that Dean’s been speaking out loud. “I’m enjoying it fine. I enjoy any time with you. But maybe we could watch something else?”
Was he attracted to Dr Sexy? Like, he’s a good-looking dude, sure. The clue’s in the name. That’s objective, that’s not proof of anything.
“My grace was starting to…dim, anyway, before I was taken.” Cas says it matter-of-factly. “When Jack gave it back to me, strengthened and intertwined with my soul – I finally felt complete.”
In the privacy of his own bedroom, Dean pulls his own, matching ring, from his bedside table, and slides it on. It feels more comfortable than he’d expected - warm from its box home. He goes to sleep on his back, with his left hand splayed across his chest.
He pulls Jack over into the path of dirt in front of the bonnet and positions his arms as if the guitar is hanging low and rebellious. "Now, here, hold the neck like you're supporting it, like you're going to smash it against the stage when the song's over. And you need your whole arm to move where you're strumming, full throttle. Imagine you're at Chicago Stadium, and it's 1977, and full of people, and - here, for the riff! Bang your head!" Dean lets out a delighted laugh as Jack finally gets it, in his own awkward way.
Dean lets out a gust of relief. He strokes a swoop along Cas’s spine. “Then we’ll get it for you, sweetheart.”
“Okay. Good night! I’ll see you both in the morning?” He stands, and then waits until Dean realises that it was not a rhetorical question.
The character continues. “At first, we couldn’t keep our hands off each other! And now we just snuggle and go to bed. Cassandra, he kissed me on the
They manage to track down the rakshasa to a section of the sewer that hasn’t been touched since its original construction in the sixties. It takes three hours for them to get their gear ready and to travel there, and Dean and Cas don’t exchange a single word for the entirety. They each have a brass pipe they poorly hammered the ends of flat and sharp. It’s one of the cruder weapons Dean has used, but not the worst. He fiddles with it on the journey through the sewers, trying to get used to the weight and balance of it (and also to avoid glancing over at Cas, like he wants to do every twenty seconds apparently.)
He slicks himself up and lets out a small sharp breath at the feel of it. Fuck, it’s been a while. He strokes, not too fast or tight, not yet, and watches the sight of a cock sink in and out of a plush mouth. On screen, the blowjob gets sloppy, spit and tongue slipping out of Ryan’s mouth as he gets into it, his eyes closed in pleasure.
“You’ve made worse ones,” Cas says simply. Which, Dean kind of wants to take offence to, if it weren’t wholly true. “But all things you’ve done are for love, and all that.”
He swallows back everything he immediately wants to say – mostly curses not appropriate for the deceased resting nearby – and instead says, through gritted teeth, “Hey, Cassie. Fancy seeing you here.”
Cas considers it with a head-tilt. “I don’t think so?” he says. “This form still seems to be angelic in nature.”
“I’m okay,” says Cas, but he still looks tired, and there’s a patch of hair the surgeon had to shave away to access his skull, so Dean vehemently disagrees with that assessment. “Thank you for taking care of me.”
Dean is hoping for a stupid burglar. Really, he is. But word on the local conspiracy blogs is that the bodies were ripped to shreds.
Cas gives him A Look. It is, for better or for worse, one that Dean is very used to. “I have never forgotten to put the netting back down.”
Here’s the thing. He – he knows how he feels about Cas. He knows the strength of it, and the perseverance of it. His love for Cas is like Dean himself, really; battered and reborn and fucking annoying most of the time. But it’s like Cas, too; powerful and sincere and unrelenting. It’s kind, and it could be kind to both of them. He hopes so, anyway.
Cas shrugs. “I was waiting for you to work it out. Seemed only fair, since I’ve been in love with you for all that time, too.”
“Okay,” says Cassie, and Dean can already see the calculations working behind her eyes. “I think I have an idea. Meet you in our room?”
When he stumbles back, Cas is there to catch him with steady hands and soothing shushes. Dean can’t look at him, can’t look at Baby either – he’s betrayed them both, really. But Cas wraps his arms around Dean from behind and arcs over him as Dean curls in on himself. Dean isn’t crying, at least, just taking huge, shuddering breaths that might be just as humiliating.
Jack’s grin stretches with gap-toothed pride. “I’ve been working with Rowena to recruit new reapers. It’s quite simple, really – when someone passes, the reaper helping them gives them the option of whether they want to go to the afterlife or serve for a while.”
Cas leads him outside to the back, the space of land circled by a fence Dean needs to rebuild at some point in the future. He doesn’t bother making Dean shut his eyes, but just leads him to the allotment. Dean can’t help his smile – it’s magnificent.
prayed to me.” Which, that doesn’t make sense. Jack isn’t a genie, nevermind an obedient deity, and Dean doesn’t have a monopoly of him. Unless – is that how heavenly custody works?
She rolls her eyes. “Yes,” she replies in a droll tone. “I spend my every waking hour talking about you. Last night I composed a sonnet to that stupid leather jacket that never fit you.”
Dean swallows. It’s like a display in a science museum, two lightning rods just passing a current between them, and in between is Dean’s frazzled and dumbstruck brain. One lightning rod is Cas being
He walks inside, and it’s reasonably busy for a Thursday evening. He might be biased, but the décor is a little too chic and modern, and when he hobbles over to the bar, the stools are plastic and unstained.
“You can have this, Cas,” Dean says lowly, just for them and the inches of air between them. “You can have me.”
, and it spills out of him like guilty water. “Cas and I – we’re – I was thinking about moving out of the bunker.”
Dean lets out a laugh and ducks his chin. “I don’t know, man. You managed to hide them from me pretty easily.” He nudges his shoulder gently into Cas’s, and prompts, “Anyway. You’ve been talking with Mom?”
Is that what Dean's just done? Has he come out? No, coming out is for people who are gay. Except he is. But he hasn’t come out as gay, properly, yet, so it doesn't count? Dean’s only gay because he’s dating Cas, so surely Cas is gay for dating Dean? Are they
He makes his way automatically for the pick-up truck before Cas coughs pointedly and jerks his head towards Baby. “I thought you wanted a backseat,” he says, innocent as anything.
The video starts with one guy introducing himself as Ryan directly to the camera. “I’m not gay,” Ryan says proudly. He’s a smaller guy, skinny with a boyband haircut and bright blue eyes. “But whatever, if you guys are gonna pay me, then I guess I’ll see if I can be convinced. I doubt it, though.”
She’s right, of course. If he lets himself wander down the path of ‘what-if’s he’ll never come back. But there’s the other part he can’t admit to her. That if they were both gay this whole time, then there was no point at all. He came into her life with the supernatural and chaos and they didn’t even really love each other. His eyes cut away to watch Cas and Meera pull away from a brief hug.
The adoring look shifts with Cas’s gaze sideways. “Ah. Mostly, I killed your father in Heaven over and over again.” At Dean’s shocked expression, Cas adds, “For stress relief.”
Cas surges against him, plush lips soft and stubble harsh, and his hands curl into Dean’s side, and Dean steps up close, all along Cas’s front, and he loses his fucking mind in the hot-soft slick of Cas’s lips.
He awkwardly shimmies his sweatpants down just enough to give him some slack and pulls out his cock. He fondles himself for a moment, just a loose and dry grip around the shaft, and then uses his other hand to scoop out two fingers’ worth of the hand cream Cas keeps by his side of the bed. (It’s from the farmers’ market, and it’s
His shoulders slouch, and he gestures to the screen. His jaw is tight as he gestures to the screen, “You can see damn well what I was looking at.”
They stand there, fuming at each other. Dean desperately wants to swing a punch, but he’s also very aware Sam has the advantage of sobriety and height and having had a shower within the last day or so.
Cas pulls back too soon with a smack and presses one more close-lipped kiss to Dean’s dumbstruck lips before he sits back. His blue eyes are shining bright and happy.
If Cas is stuck in the Empty, then Dean simply needs to get him back. The cycle of sacrificing themselves for each other can finally stop – after this one last occasion. He doesn’t care about a deal, and especially one he didn’t give his damn permission for.
Dean shrugs off his jacket and hangs it on the coat hooks before trudging upstairs. He can fix this, he thinks. He just needs to prove his love to Cas better. Maybe a hand-job to keep him distracted with endorphins and orgasm, and then he can take them out for a dinner date. Maybe they can shower together, wash the grime of the past twenty four hours away, a bastards’ baptism for them both. He’ll invite Jack over for dinner, and he’ll cook for them both, something packed with enough flavour that the molecules themselves taste good. Maybe Sam and Eileen too, the whole family together, and-
, who Dean wants as far from his sexuality as possible. But it’s not the worst, he guesses. Claire declares she already knew, and Benny claps him on the back and then goes back to beating his ass at snooker. Eileen hugs him very tight, and Dean is glad again to have a sister-in-law.
For just a second, he’s caught in a waterfall of overlapping memories. He folds the beige coat up into a loose square, and just holds it there for a moment. He stares at the worn hem, and a patch of oil scuff, and a splatter of dried brown blood.
Meera explains, “We’ve been here two days, arrived the morning after the second vic was found. Both torn to shreds in their own home. Neighbours didn’t hear anything, no sign of forced entry, and nothing taken from the house. As you heard from the mortician, we’re pretty confident that this is for food, or at least sustenance, but it has to be something that can either pass as human or be sneaky enough to get this deep into suburbia.”
Cas is sitting, barely, and his eyes are unfocused and half-mast, and when Dean reaches to cup his head, he feels wet, warm, sticky blood, running from a gash at the back of his head.
They drive back to the house with full bellies and Led Zeppelin on the radio. Dean teaches Jack how to play the air guitar, which goes about as successfully as he would have predicted - in that he's laughing his ass off as Jack keeps 'dropping' the guitar and getting cross at his poor finger work. "I'm not getting the chords right," he scowls down at air.
If Cas threatens Sam with murder after another phone call asking him to explain the metaphysics of Heaven to him, again, for his online database, Dean offers to pin his arms for a clean shot.
, dumbass,” Dean bites, and he gestures to Cas. “For fuck’s sake, Cas, you’re the one who wants me to be gay!”
(It’s not quite the face he imagined staring at, when getting him back, but God, it’s close enough.)
. So I didn’t know the way I felt was possible! Ergo, now I do. Now I have a label for it. It all makes sense now!”
“I’m well aware!” Dean grits his teeth, and then runs a hand through his hair. “Look, Sam. I tried. I tried to- to love him. Tried to give him a house, and a bed, and- and all the rest. And it wasn’t enough, so he left. Like he always does. I’ll get over it.”
Cas rolls his eyes, and Dean would be very annoyed right now if it weren’t belied by the growing, gummy smile on Cas’s face. “Sweetheart,” he says, tender and kind. “You asked me to
“If you try to touch him again,” says Cas, low and dark. “I will make sure you no longer have hands.”
hygienic, multiple times in his life. (He has also been described, deservedly so, as stinking of blood and sewage, and ‘dodgy as hell’ also, so, you know, swings and roundabouts.)
Life goes on, just as before. Dean and Cas curl up in front of western movies and medical dramas and whatever documentary Cas has decided on, and nothing changes.
He thinks about all the times he flirted for intel or manipulation, or when he was a demon and just fucked or killed whatever stood in his way. He thinks about being a teenager and using men’s fixation on his lips for money.
Sam spins around, mango chunks forgotten, and stares for a moment. Then that stupid grin returns. "Awesome," he says, like he really means it. "Dude, seriously. I'm happy for you both. I'm happy for you."
“Yes. Sorry, Dean, I was just- processing.” Cas’s voice sounds tight, and Dean’s stomach begins to drop low. But then Cas says, full of emotion and sincerity, “Thank you for telling me. I hope this revelation brings you great happiness and a better understanding of yourself.”
They meet downstairs within the hour, Dean wearing a shirt that buttons and isn’t plaid, and clean jeans. He even exchanged his normal boots for some smarter dress shoes he used to wear for FBI aliases. Cas comes down after him in a light blue dress shirt and dark slacks, and Dean’s mouth waters a little at the sight.
Patricia brings her husband, and Rosanna brings her fiancé, and Mark brings his girlfriend. José is apparently single, and rolls his eyes when Rosanna keeps bringing up her hot friend whom she wants to set him up with.
Cas is beginning to look upset, brow tilted down and eyes shining. “I never asked you for anything. Not when the Empty took me, or when Jack returned me. I told you, Dean, it wasn’t in having. It was just in being.”
Dean, confronted with so much lovely bare Cas, lets his hands wander with a mind of their own, desperate and unyielding.
He realises he’s crying in the same second Cas looks punched in the gut, as he aborts a gesture as if he wants to reach and wipes the tears from Dean’s cheeks.
Dean is so unbearable proud of his brother. Fortunately, he has enough control to instead say, “You’re such a nerd.”
Dean twists his lip. “I was being an asshole last night.” At Benny’s knowing look, he adds defensively, “More than usual, okay?”
Finally, Dean comes out, puts fresh-ish clothes on, and sits on the bath-tub lid to face Cas. “So, uh,” he says, swallowing. He gestures to Cas. “What the fuck?”
Dean swallows back his fear. “And it’s already been exorcised. I did some research – some strange stuff a few years ago, but from the articles afterwards, seems like it was all cleared up by a hunter passing through.”
Dean isn’t good with gifts. (Eileen thinks it’s because of his upbringing, but she thinks most of Dean’s failings are because of his upbringing, so what does she know?) But this - this is something different.
As it loads, Miracle lets out a small snuffle beside him. Dean looks at Miracle, and then back at the laptop, and then decides to go up to bed. The dude’s been through enough already.
devil’s trap nearby. They cover them all up with wallpaper anyway, and then another lick of paint. Cas, to everyone’s surprise, turns out to have
He thuds his forehead against the door and knocks again. “I don’t believe you’re asleep,” he says. “And I know – you have every right to be pissed at me. I am exactly the piece of shit you’re thinking I am right now. I freaked out – you probably saw that coming before I did. You seem to know everything about me, so.”
It takes a little while to separate Cas from the Empty goo. Dean marches them both to the showers, because having some immediate goals means he doesn’t have to think about the two, extremely valid, freak-outs his brain is circling around.
“What are you looking at?” asks Cas, breath swooshing across the back of his neck, and Dean jerks his coffee all over his laptop.
He only uses the internet for his Spotify account and to argue with Facebook about local county council politics. He knows gay people - Charlie, Claire, Corbett - but they’ve been
“Dean,” Cas mumbles, half into his pillow, with his arm outstretched. “Can you wait until the morning for your freak out?”
Sam’s smiling. A small, tender thing, with wet, proud eyes. His smile stretches. “Dean. Seriously. You and Cas – you’re a good thing. We’re not meant to live together forever, and certainly not in an underground bunker. Eileen and I have started having that talk too – we’ve been eyeing up properties in Lebanon.”
He tries to cup it in his hands, but with his eyes still shut, he can’t really feel the edges. It feels like it would slip through anyway, like it’s not quite three-dimensional enough to capture. He ends up holding something, he thinks, which is about football sized.
“It’s my fault,” says Dean. His eyes cut to Sam, quick, guilty, before back to the wood. “That Cas was hurt, I mean.”
And Dean stills. His grip slackens into just a loose cup around the base, resting on the wiry hair there.
Dean throws his hands up in frustration. “Because she’s my ex! And now she’s here, and you’re not threatened at all? Come on, give me a hickey, mess up my hair. Fuck me against the wall so they can hear. Let’s go!”
He puts on jeans and his cleanest plaid shirt, and then Dean walks outside, just as the sun rises enough to bath everything in long shadows and warm gold. He hikes his pants up enough to have some give and then he gets on his knees, right outside their home in the grass and dry dirt. He puts his hands together, then thinks better of it and shakes them out loose by his side.
Cas makes a contemplative sound. “True. Well – no matter. These are the bodies we have, for now at least.”
He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his keys, lobs them to Cas who catches them easily. Cas looks down at them, frowning for some reason. Dean walks round to the passenger side and waits. But Cas just stands there, staring at the keys.
“Yes,” says Dean, eventually. But the answer feels sour on his tongue, and he frowns. He looks down at his fingers, clenched on the wood. “Probably. I mean - she’s like my
Cas shakes his head. “I’m not explaining this right. I still- I would still like to assist with rebuilding and repairing Heaven. It’s good to spend time with Jack, and it helps me feel useful. I think it’s a worthy way to use my grace and experience.”
“You take it however you want,” she says, with that same smirk. She sticks out her hand and he shakes it. “Seriously, though, Winchester. You look after yourself. Enjoy retirement. From everything I’ve heard, you deserve it.”
“It’s one artefact, Dean. Four hunters on the task are overkill. And someone needs to look after Miracle. And, like I said, you have a new job you’ve committed to.”
Dean scoffs, and clenches down on Cas’s fingers. “I’ll show you beautiful,” he threatens, nonsensically, and that at least makes Cas hide a smile in his neck. He kicks his heel against Cas’s thigh to spur him on, and all Cas does is press a toothy kiss against his neck.
“But I like my vessel. Not just for sentimental reasons, having housed me for a while now. Having been… ah, vacated by its previous owner.” Cas flips their hands so their palms slot together, warm and dry, and their fingers interlink.  “I like having stubble on my cheeks. I like wearing masculine clothes, and people using ‘he’ to refer to me.”
Cassie looks past him, at a point over his shoulder, and Dean knows exactly who she’s staring at and what she’s seeing, but he still doesn’t turn back as he walks out of the motel room.
Cas doesn’t say anything for a long moment. Dean bites his tongue against pestering him and instead waits him out. Eventually, Cas wrenches his gaze away from the glass, from himself, to look at Dean. “You know angels don’t dream.”
Cas launches himself at him, and rolls on top of him. He presses his full body into Dean’s, as if the weight will make him behave. Unfortunately, it works – Dean shuts his mouth so fast his teeth clack.
“You’ve seen it before, yeah?” Bravado will get Dean through this – it’s always worked before. He smirks. “You’re right. No need for me to be shy. This is your work after all, isn’t it?” He gestures down, lets his fingertips brush past the V of his hips.
“Girlfriend could be the same hooker,” Meera adds. “Our next step was going to be questioning the local sex workers and see if any of them are acting strange.”
Dean doesn’t really have anything to say to that. He rests his own hand on top of Cas’s. After a while, he offers, “I’m sorry for getting angry. I, um. I think I do feel responsible for Jack being God. I know I failed him so much, man. Especially when you weren’t around the first time. I think you don’t understand how much – I just lose it, when you’re gone. I think – Christ, I think I just become my dad. Grief changes me, makes me into this angry person I don’t want to be.” He swallows. “I can’t – I can’t lose you again. Cas, I mean it. I don’t know who I’ll become.”
, which is mostly because Cas keeps commenting on all the inaccuracies of the dinosaurs and Dean has to find
After the first month of just building the barebones and necessities of their home, there’s another few weeks of finishing touches. Mostly, Dean builds bookcases and screws in coat hooks and hangs up paintings and framed photos. (They’re building a collection in the hallway of memories and smiles and friends.) Mostly, Cas stays outside, coming back into the house for lunch and kisses and trekking soil
“No, no. My grace is once again infinite. Jack just had to hold onto it to get me out. Then, once he managed to destroy the Empty, he gave it back.”
Dean nods, not trusting his voice. He reaches forward and shoves at Cas’s trench coat, and suit jacket, pushes them down until he’s forced to relinquish his hold on Cas’s hand. He pulls at the tie, feels a jolt of something, and then uses trembling fingers to unknot it.
He stares at the kitchen island as he waits for Cas to say something. He’s so busy focusing that he jumps when Cas’s hand reaches to rest over his own, and his other is feather-light on the small of Dean’s back.
) but the other part of it. He prods the thought like a scabbing wound, pushing down until the pus ekes out around the edges. Like draining a spider-bite or pulling out a cracked tooth.
He freezes, but it’s not enough to wake Cas, whose hand just tightens on Dean’s ribcage. Dean pulls his hand back, and his eyes catch on it. He curls his hand on the mattress, close to his face, and stares at the glint of silver. His pulse begins to beat fast, twisting up his stomach and his heart.
Dean is leaning forward, his hand gripped in Miracle’s fur. He’s beginning to worry that this isn’t a secret twin, or clone, or doppelganger storyline.
. Finally, his feet move, and he backs up. He can’t help himself though, and just before he twists around, he says, “Just – if you ever need help, or a place to rest, or whatever. Or I can take you for a burger, or to the hospital if you want someone to back your cover story. Hell, if you want someone to hit, I can take a punch. You know the garage in Belleville? You swing by, anytime, and you ask for Dean, okay?”
Cas leans past him to grab the lube, and Dean takes the opportunity to grip at his dick through his plaid pyjama pants, delighting in the cut-off groan it elicits. He strokes, absent-mindedly, until Cas returns with an open-capped tube and shining fingers.
“Yeah, definitely,” Dean replies quickly. “I’ll make waffles. Or pancakes. Or both, whatever you prefer.”
“Dean,” says Cas again, just in case there’s anyone else in a three-mile radius who might be confused about who Cas is speaking to. “When you went to pick tomatoes yesterday for our burgers. Did you put the netting back on?”
Straight dudes don’t come like that from another man’s hand on their cock. Straight dudes don’t want to come again from another dude licking up their come like it’s a delicacy. Ergo – he’s gay. Cool.
Eventually, he turns, hand still entwined with Cas’s, and pulls him close. He cradles Cas’s jaw and presses a soft kiss against his lips. “You’ve done good, sweetheart. It’s gorgeous.”
Dean falters, a little, looking at his memory foam mattress and the slight dip where Miracle usually sleeps. (Eileen is the dog’s new favourite, though, so he’ll be in Sam’s room for tonight at least.) He looks at the bed, and – and what usually happens in a bed. He feels himself tense, and his fingers squeeze against Cas’s knuckles.
“I love you,” Dean says. “But I didn’t think that was enough. I had to be what you wanted because that’s all I knew. And what else am I good for these days?”
Dean (lightly!) slugs him in the shoulder. “Dude, you’re being cranky. This is supposed to be a holiday for us both.”
Dean rubs his hands over his face, trying to bring the blood back into it. “Fuck, Sammy. Warn a guy.”
Dean and Cas share a look – a hungry monster, then – and then Dean notices Cassie sharing a similar look with her partner. His glare returns.
, Dean,” Cas groans, and his spare hand scrambles across Dean’s cheek, his collarbone, and down to squeeze at Dean’s cock through his jeans. Dean bites down on Cas’s bottom lip in shock more than anything at the touch, and even that makes Cas shudder and speed up.
He throws a (good-natured!) middle finger in her direction, and explains, “We first met twelve years ago, is what Cas means.”
When the movie ends, he’s half-caught between sleep and not, and Dean just shuffles him to bed before he can notice the new weight on his finger.
Dean squints, and then clicks his fingers when he remembers, “I apologised for getting the beer order wrong last week!”
Dean laughs and he can’t help it. He rests one knee on the bed and leans over to kiss Cas’s sleep-soft lips. His breath is warm and only a bit gross, and it’s easy to sink into. Easy to forget himself.
Dean presses his lips together, and then lets the air go. “I. Yeah. Okay, yeah, I get that.” It feels weird – really, it is weird. He’s not sure many people have the awkwardness of their boyfriend talking with their dead mom. He feels not quite jealous, but something close. He’d give a lot to talk to Mary right now. A sudden fear accompanies that thought and grips him tight. “Does she know about us? Have you told her?”
“Fuck,” curses Cas, in between hard kisses, like it’s sucker-punched from him, and Dean’s lips curl into a satisfied smile. Cas notices, and bites down on Dean’s bottom lip, tugging it as admonishment.
“We should be celebrating your citizenship, if anything,” mutters Dean darkly as they walk up the Leahy-Winchester garden path to the front door. “This is just a stupid way for them to make fun of us.”
He shakes. His hands are empty. He desperately looks around, as if Cas might be hiding from him, and calls out, hoarse, “
Cas’s mouth moves for a moment without sound, and then he says, “I saved you. Dean, I made that choice to
Cas’s ability to cut through social bullshit with unnerving simplicity should be bottled and sold for a fucking fortune. The effect on the group is instant - no one could possibly have a rebuttal for
But instead, Cas says, low and vicious, stalking closer, “I have wanted you for thirteen years, you infuriating,
“I actually don’t care either way,” comes the reply, accompanied by the clip of heels on wood. He looks over his shoulder to see Rowena, bright-haired and smirking in red lipstick, coming to stand beside him. She pulls her clutch bag from under her armpit and opens it up to pull out a pack of cigarettes.
“Like,” Dean gestures with the hand still interlocked with Cas’s, which helps prove his point. “Like
Dean just jerks his chin at Dick, who Jody recognises anyway, and he doesn’t let go of Cas’s hand he doesn’t remember grabbing as the paramedics kneel down beside them.
“A few years,” Dean repeats, spluttering. “By yourself? With – with Meera? Nice to meet you, by the way.”
It’s only when he’s straddling his thighs and holding him down that he remembers Cas is an angel capable of picking up a house, nevermind easily capable of not being pinned.
Something sticks in the back of Dean’s mind, a cog that stutters on the same turn. “That’s a thing?” It sounds more derisive than he means, and he hurries to add, “I mean, that’s- that exists?”
Dean reaches for his laptop, curving his torso carefully over Miracle to make sure he doesn’t disturb her. She yawns anyway, and curls back to sleep. He opens up the computer and googles,
With Cas's other hand, while he still fucks him deep, he wraps a sweaty hand around Dean’s dick, and Dean writhes. He’s chanting now, a stream of pleas, and then Cas tugs, jerks him off fast, and Dean is
Cas’s jaw sets harsh, and his outstretched hand drops back down. “Don’t invalidate this, Dean. Don’t invalidate me, and what you’ve done. We built something, and it was all fake!”
“I have,” Cas replies, low and greedy. “But – you presented yourself to me. You’ve tempted me deliberately. You accepted my claim on you. You’re
Dean can see, from how an outside perspective, how it would be confusing, but really, it went like this.
“I don’t think you’ve ever understood how much it wrecks me when you’re gone,” Dean says to the road ahead rather than look back to his side. His grip is white-knuckled around the wheel. “And I know I’ve asked you to leave more than I’ve asked you to say, and that’s on me. But – this time, when the Empty took you, it felt final. More than that, you sacrificed yourself to save me. You saved me by telling me you loved me. And when you were gone, fuck, Cas, I tried everything. I prayed to
Just one of the things Dean likes about Benny, unlike his other friends, is that there’s never an expectation to talk about
“You know, this is really not the reaction I was hoping for,” Dean complains, but he’s a hypocrite who’s already wrapping his arms around him.
?” Dean doesn’t understand. They’ve watched nine episodes – how can you not like Dr Sexy after nine episodes of him? “No, you don’t like it. I mean, I’m sorry it’s not the Sistine Chapel or the first fish crawling out of the ocean, but it’s decent television! Especially for an angel who once considered the Pizza Man the greatest actor of our generation.”
He tugs his hand through Cas’s hair again, and he pulls him down into a sloppy wet kiss, and their teeth clack with Cas’s next push, but Dean can’t bear to not be joined here  too. He whispers against Cas’s lips, “
“Oh,” says Dean, faintly. The thought – the image of what Cas must be seeing – makes his stomach tight with lust. He squeezes around Cas’s fingers and moans at the sensation, the realisation of how much of Cas is already inside of him. Now he's concentrating, he feels when Cas adds another finger, stretching him loose. He starts chanting nonsense pleas. “Fuck, Cas, honey, you gotta – you’ve got to get inside me right now. I need you.”
Dean rips his hands away and shoves them into his jean pockets. Cas watches him for a beat, a second stretched out, and then turns to hug Sam tightly. Dean notices that they don’t struggle to let go of each other. Weird, that.
Has Sam always known? Did Sam have his suspicions? He doesn’t want to be, and he doesn’t exactly know why, but he feels utterly humiliated that apparently Sam knew this whole time that Dean was gay. That’s what the closet joke was clearly about. And so, what? He was faking it, every waitress he leered at and every girlfriend? For fuck’s sake, Sam teased him about Cassie, way back when. Dean thought the joke was that they still had chemistry, but what if it was the opposite? What if the joke was that they clearly didn’t?
The lump opens its eyes – big, round, glowing blue - from a cloud of swirling grey and black. Cat-like, with a pointed chin and the size of Dean's spread-out hand. Its ears, previously flattened, now raise in two offended triangles.
Dean shares a look with Cas, who’s frowning too and shakes his head when Dean catches his eye. He mouths,
“Come here, dumbass,” and Sam’s standing, and pulling Dean into a full-body, back-slapping hug. Dean hangs on longer than he’d admit, sniffing once before pulling back.
He slumps down and knocks his forehead against Dean’s spine. “Fuck,” he says, sounding winded. He slides out of Dean, and Dean should be less turned on by the fluid that drips from his hole, but then Cas is reaching for a discarded shirt to wipe them down before he can examine the thought too quickly. Dean falls onto the mattress, head pillowed on his forearms and stomach pressing into the wet patch. His legs sprawl, and Cas slouches down beside him.
But he doesn’t move. He can’t – it’s as impossible as if someone had driven nails through his feet. (That was year seven in hell, he believes, when his torture went through a particularly Judeo-Christian phase. Alistair enjoyed irony.)
why Dean is flustered and trying to move on from the subject, but he lets it go. He reaches for a sandwich and, with his mouth full because he learnt humanity from Dean, says, “What do you suggest instead, then?”
He can feel Cas’s irritated stare, and he can hear the huff of air from Cas’s nose. But when he gives in to temptation and glance over, Cas is glaring out of the side window.
Dean tries to think – no westerns or documentaries, because the least he can do is try to find something they’ll both like.
comes ricocheting through the tinny speakers. (Baby's are better, but they’re not driving Baby right now.)
“Shut it,” he says, before she says anything at all. “Like anyone’s going to come here for a Cosmopolitan.”
“No,” lies Dean, again. He can’t look at Cas, not right now, not when the bruises on his neck are in the shape of Dean’s mouth. He turns away. “I’m going to get food.” He snatches up his jeans and stuffs his legs through them, foregoing underwear that will take too long to find. The denim is rough against the emerging on his ass.
Cas stares at him. In the dim light, his eyes are very dark. “No,” he says, eventually. “But I told her I made it for you.”
Dean lets out a weak laugh. “I, uh- I’m actually already married to him,” he confesses. He allows himself this moment of honesty. “That should be a scarier step, right? Then just putting a ring on it.”
The combo of beer and whiskey and then beer again makes everything a little numb, just how Dean likes it. He takes Miracle out for walks and otherwise spends the rest of his time with a hand nestled in her fur. His beard is growing out a bit, and he only wears jeans to go out and get the groceries.
“I know when you’re being stubborn, Dean Winchester,” Cassie says, following his gaze with that familiar twinkle in her brown eyes. “Just let yourself have this one, okay?”
Cas moans at the touch, and his body arches forward. He looks like porn personified – better, even, with his exposed jugular and heaving torso. Dean can’t resist leaning into bite at his neck again, sucking at the skin until a bruise blooms there, large and obvious. “Sweetheart,” Dean says again. “Please, fuck, you’re so hot. Please show me.”
(Sam and Cas, as promised, do come back within the hour, and Cas texts Dean an update every fifteen minutes, with enough emojis to prove it’s him and not just a demon with access to his phone.
Dean is hard, he realises, and his hands are frozen on his thighs. Not as hard as he’s been with Cas’s tongue in his mouth and hands stroking a clever pattern on the bare small of his back, but hard is hard. Research seems to be going well. Further proof, and all that.
. If kissing escalates, and Dean feels Cas’s hard cock pressing insistently against his thigh, great, that’s hot and Dean wants to grip onto it. But then – something will happen, or Dean’s brain will kick back into gear, and then he thinks about the next step, of sucking or fucking or both, and he gets filled with a freezing terror that stills his hands and mouth and body.
Dean stares at the mugs. He realises he's flat-palmed again on the counter, and his hands feel heavy, like they don't want to move.
His phone buzzes in his pocket, and he pulls it out, expecting it to be a text expressing Cas’s impatience – instead, it’s a notification from that stupid app. He must have accidentally pressed the ‘yes’ option because it’s a message from beach boy saying, “hey handsome how’s your evening going?”
Dean swallows. “Kissing you, and- and doing what we did earlier. It was like I’d been hit over the head, and I freaked out. But - We’ve already been building a life together. I think you knew that, ‘cause you’ve always been less dense than me." He holds his palms out. "But I’m here now, hoping you’ll forgive me for taking so long to realise it myself.”
“You’re a lesbian?” he says, inelegantly. “But - you hooked up with Sam. You dated, like, three men at once last summer.”
He nods and gets to his feet. He’s nervous. Momentum and excitement carried him to Charlie. But now, just anxiety is left over.
Cas surges against him, teeth knocking against each other as he presses a desperate kiss to Dean’s mouth. He rolls them so his torso slides over Dean’s, resting his weight on forearms pressed either side of Dean. And Dean’s just along for the ride, embarrassed by the keen that escapes as he wraps his own arms around Cas, pulling him tight and close.
“My parents were killed by a demon when I was seventeen,” Meera replies, cold as ice. “I watched my possessed mother fist out my dad’s guts like mincemeat with her bare hands and laugh about it.”
“Okay. I’m going.” Dean nods to himself and walks down the alley. He stops around the corner, and leans on the front wall of the bar, letting his head knock back against the brick. He lets out a breath.
Meera, with her dark lipstick smudged and her tank top hanging off her shoulder. Behind her, in the shadows of the motel room, Cassie, back to them both as she pulls her shirt back on over her shoulders.
,” Cas insists. He blinks fast, and it’s then that Dean realises that his eyes are shining damp. “You asked me to work on The Roadhouse with you, and you suggested I move in here with you. For fuck’s sake, Dean,
When the clock hits four, and Dean’s exile officially ends, Dean finds himself stepping back into the apartment carefully. He shuts the door behind him, and calls out, “Hello?”
Dean thinks back – past the immediate white noise and confetti of his brain right now – so just moments ago when he was eating a sandwich. Was he praying? He doesn’t think so.
Cas is watching him, and even in the light, Dean can see the frost melting away, the twitch of a smile emerging even with his eyes still shining. “Yeah?”
“You can call me all the names you like,” says Dean, resting his weight on the kitchen island between them, knuckles tightened against the wood. “It doesn’t change a thing. You’re not working a shift until I say so.”
He hears a small breath from the cat-shaped angel now resting on his arm. Dean can’t help it – he lets out a little huff of laughter, and Cas freezes on top of him, caught out.
Sam leaves soon after, with a promise extracted from Dean to come over to their new house for at least a Sunday roast. Dean manages a pasted-on smile that’s at least partly believable.
Then Dean remembers he told Cas he loved him anyway, so he doesn't need to come up with a cover. It is totally reasonable to have morning wood for the guy in his bed, considering they made out like twelve hours ago. If anything, being freaked out over the boner is probably the unreasonable thing to do. Maybe.
“Yes, I certainly am,” Cas replies proudly. “I can tell you one thing – I never fell in love with your father. I never would have.”
They get into the house and Cas takes a moment to consider the inside of it. The scent of alcohol still on the air and the deep imprint of Dean’s ass on the couch. Before he can say anything that Dean doesn’t have an answer for, Miracle comes bounding forward, yapping happily and throwing himself into Cas’s obediently outstretched arms. Cas hugs him close, and says, “Ah, yes. Good boy. I am glad to see you too.”
“Cassie,” they say, at the same time, in the same tone, and then they’re running, feet splashing through disgusting water and hitting against old, slippery brick.
But – it’s not that. This kid isn’t – and Dean wasn’t – they’re both so fucking young. Dean was – he wasn’t old enough to – and now –
“Oh, shit, I’m sorry.” Whatever assumptions Victor’s made, Dean lets him. “Hey, maybe you should get on the app, then. It helps your confidence, at least.”
Sam makes a derisive noise that Dean has the urge to punch out of him. He shakes himself, and his weird fucking mood. It’s just been a while since a patron flirted with him - he’s a bit unnerved, that’s all. The last time he brought a chick home was - well, he can’t remember, which is telling all by itself.
So, Dean starts researching. In private because he doesn’t want to risk Sam getting involved. (He doesn’t want to risk Sam telling him it’s a stupid idea, that it’s hopeless. No, he doesn’t want that.) He scours over the books in the library in the hours where he’s not sleeping anyway, and scuttles away with his laptop in his room when he’s actually expected to be awake. He prays – to Cas, to Jack, to anyone who’s listening. He even calls up Rowena, who at least
Jack grins at him like he knows what he’s thinking. Hell, he is the most powerful being on the planet, he probably does. Then, apropos of nothing, he asks, “Can I sleep here tonight? Is my bedroom still ready? I left my Build-a-Bear here.”
He wakes a couple of hours later with Cas spooned up behind him. It’s warm, and Dean is damp with sweat all over. He rubs a hand over his face and knocks his elbow against the arm slung across his torso. Cas mumbles something unintelligible into Dean’s shoulder, and Dean smiles a little at his grouchiness.
He goes out into the night with another beer, and Miracle snuffled up beside him on the back porch. He spends a long time just – just thinking.
It startles a laugh from him, and something in his gut loosens. He nudges her back. It’s true – even stepping back from hunting now, it’s obvious that there’s less going on. It’s almost back to the old days, before angels and even before demons. Now, Sam has a hunter network built of people all over the country, who can tell each other when they’ve spotted a wendigo or found a ghost, and they can actually be
The ring - Cas’s, at least - is in his pocket. He’s gotten into the terrible habit of carrying it around, in case ‘the right moment’ arises. (It never has.)
It’s become a real staple of the local community. Charlie has pop culture knowledge pouring out of her ears, along with her tendency to Wikipedia-spiral and research any topic she doesn’t already know about. It’s a great way of bringing in business and competitive customers.
Cas breaks away on a heady gasp and the hand not in Dean’s hair grips into the front of his shirt to tug him close, and Dean is forced to half-fall against Cas, push him up against the door and get all up into his space. He brings a knee onto the seat and nudges it in between Cas’s legs, which open easily for him.
Cas looks at him from the side of his eye, still holding the flask of coffee like a treasure ever since Dean pushed it into his arms this morning. “I watched the splitting of Pangea,” he says. “Which beach are you referring to?”
“Obviously,” echoes Cas. He looks – he looks fractured right down the middle. He looks like he’s seeing everything fresh and awful, like he’s looking down into the pit of hell about to dive.
Cas walks back and stops by Dean’s side of the booth. Dean shifts to make room and Cas settles beside him. He pulls, from behind his back, a small wooden object, and hands it to Dean.
“No, no.” Dean pauses, and turns his mouth down. “Well, kind of. But it’s not a big one. Just a little one adults have sometimes when one of them screws up.”
The conversation moves on, but Dean stays quiet. He sets aside his beer bottle, and picks up the carving again.
It hadn’t been that many times, and he had gotten lucky. Something he only did when he and Sam were really desperate, and the local town wasn’t hiring delivery boys or construction managers actually checked the ID of their workers. He only used his mouth and his hands, and he’d gotten good at sorting the violent ones from the repressed ones from the sad ones. Drunk ones were a risk – looser with the money and inhibitions, but if they had a limp dick then Dean gambled getting the blame for that.
Dean decides to not mention that he could not, for the fucking life of him, face neither Jack’s bedroom nor Cas’s since they left. Instead, he just nods, and says, “’Course, you’re always welcome here. The sheets might be a little dusty, though. I can get fresh ones out if you want?”
“There was one time, back when we were dumb kids. I think it was one of the last few summers before I went to Stanford, when Dad dumped us at Bobby’s for a few weeks. We were arguing all the time, about the stupidest of things. And you were watching one of your cowboy movies, and there was some scene where, God, I don’t even know. I think one of the cowboys had a long stare with another cowboy. And I wanted to piss you off, because I
It’s like when he was a kid, and they’d finally stay at a motel with a TV waiting for them. Except now, he doesn’t need to press rewind. He doesn’t have to miss anything when his dad comes home and demands he switches it off.
It’s not bad. It’s fine. A little twinge of pain with the stretch, but it’s fine. He moves in and out a little bit, face screwed up in tension, and waits for himself to relax. In and out. He remembers girls sometimes put a finger up there during sex (Rhonda, in particular, had a particular move that made him come every time like a trigger) and he enjoyed that. He can enjoy this.
“Is that goatee new?” Dean gives him his best shit-eating grin as he chucks him under the chin. “Suits you.”
Cassie stays quiet for a moment, and then says, “I remember what it was like to be loved by you, Dean.”
“Awesome,” says Cassie, and bounds after him before Meera can grab her. She throws a thumbs up in their direction. “See y’all on the other side!”
He clambers off Cas inelegantly, mostly because he can’t bear to stop touching him. As soon as Cas is standing too, he tugs at the hem of his (well, Dean’s) t-shirt and flings it away as well. He gets caught on all that warm, broad skin, flecks of chest hair and perk nipples. Dean reaches to brush his thumbs over both of them, wonders if they’re as sensitive as a woman’s, and then gets distracted by Cas’s tongue in his mouth and the stubble rasping over his lips.
They get out of the car and slam the doors shut behind them. Dean pats Baby’s roof and resolves to give her a well-deserved wash this weekend. (Maybe a good clean on the inside, too. Poor girl.)
dumbass angel. “Well, yes. But that’s on different planes. I also have at least four faces and a thousand eyes. It’s impossible for the human eye to comprehend.”
Cas reaches to change channels, and then freezes as the newsreader continues, “In more disturbing news, another body has been found in Mount Vernon under suspicious circumstances. The local police have now revealed that the deceased was Gerald Bank, in what police are calling a home robbery gone wrong. This is the second suspicious death in a week in Mount Vernon. The police are asking for anyone with relevant information to come forward using the hotline set up for the case.”
Dean settles on his knees, and he looks up at his devotion. He worships him by keeping eye contact and using his fingers to unbuckle his pants. He worships with an open-mouthed kiss against the white boxers, lets his tongue swipe across and wet the fabric in prayer. He pushes down Cas’s jeans, and then hooks his thumbs into the boxers too, and pushes them down enough so Cas’s dick can spring free.
Sam starts with sympathy, and then questions, and then frustration. Sam mourns Cas too, in his own way, but it’s not the same. Dean doesn’t know why: whether it’s the profound bond or that Cas was
“That’s not the point-” starts Dean, aware in a far-off way that he’s being ridiculous. Absolutely, two hunters are enough for one rakshasa. One hunter probably is, if they’re being really honest. But, like he says, that’s not the damn point.
“It was St. Pete,” says Dean, filling in the blank. “We sat on the pier for hours.” He remembers how angry Dad had been when they finally had gotten back. That was before cell phones, and they hadn’t even bothered to leave a note. Sam was too angry at Dad's broken promise to, and Dean was hoping they would be back before a note would be necessary.
Cas nods decisively. “Awesome,” he echoes, and Dean is forcibly reminded, with an uncanny jolt, that he has a Warrior of Heaven in his lap.
He switches on the TV and downloads the most recent episode without catching the episode description. He settles in and takes a sip of his beer.
“Yes,” agrees Cas, and Dean feels a knock of relief through him at the confirmation. A breath released he didn’t know he was holding. “We’ll see you in the morning, Jack.”
Cas is looking up at him, no longer resting on his shoulder. The Dean Cave around them is lit only by the television’s screen and a nearby lamp. Cas flew in a couch from a Kentucky thrift store for them to cuddle on, rather than the solitary recliners of before. There’s a threadbare quilt over their laps, and Dean’s arm is slung behind Cas’s head. It’s quite possibly the comfiest he’s ever been.
“I hate it when you try matchmaking me,” he complains over his beer. “Last time you set me up with one of your friends, she painted my walls pink when I was at work.”
The kitchen is huge, and Dean gets the largest oven he can find (“Gotta make room for the Thanksgiving turkey,” he says, clapping Cas on the back when he starts making comments about overcompensating). He fills it with utensils, and a slow-cooker, and the best coffee maker on the market. Cas buys home-sewn oven gloves and dish towels, gets them delivered from the Pinterest and Etsy stores he likes. Most are bee themed, though he does buy an apron with ‘
They don’t talk much for the hour it takes to get into town, and Dean finds them the nearest motel like a bloodhound. He parks up, and says to Cas, “I’ll book the room, and then we can do some research and see how we play this. Two bodies aren’t much to go off, and I don’t know whether we’ll need to ask around as agents or tourists.”
People of all sexualities. Like – like there’s more than two? Dean doesn’t understand. He didn’t know there was somewhere in between gay and straight. He knows there’s people who – whatever. But he didn’t know there was a
He finishes the sandwiches and brings them on the same plate, piled high, into the living room. He stops in the doorway when he sees the scene, though.
“If Jo was going to be kicked out of the country,” she signs, more patiently than the situation calls for. “Would you marry her?”
She rolls her eyes. “We worked together on a case a few years ago, and then kept bumping into each other from there. You know how it is – one hunt goes well and it almost didn’t, and you want to blow off steam afterwards. But then it kept happening, and I mean – you get it. Like: it’s
The thing is – tonight was stupid. Objectively, it was. It was a one-night-stand, a fuck, with someone Dean has lived with for ten years. Someone he works with. Someone who is his damned best friend in the world.
Cas takes a second to wonder about it. “Well, it’s not like you were brought up in an environment conducive to working that out.” He frowns. “You did go to college, though.”
He’s got to give it to the writers, this is one of the best seasons of the show he’s seen. Maybe that’s because it’s the first season he’s been able to fully catch up on in years, but whatever. He likes that they finally did away with Dr Sexy’s evil twin, and new girl doctor on the block, Bethany, is kicking up a storm. There’s such clear chemistry between her and Dr Sexy, and
Dean doesn’t let him go, hunches his back so he can kiss along that stupid-square jaw and suck a mark where the hinge of it meets his skull. Cas flinches at the suction, and his hand flies to Dean’s ass and squeezes it. Dean takes that as approval, and kisses his way down Cas’s neck, and back up, and then tugs on Cas’s earlobe with his teeth, right where there’s a healed-up earring scar.
Cas grins at the dog; then he looks up so Dean gets the full ray of it too and he’s helpless but to smile back. He finds himself leaning in, putting his hands on Cas’s shoulders. He leans around Miracle to press a kiss against Cas’s lips, light and easy and meant to be singular. But then Cas lets out a pleased hum and Dean just has to keep kissing him, bodies separated by the fluffy dog held between them.
Cas’s head snaps round so fast Dean is surprised the bones don’t click. He stares at Dean incredulously. “What - I cannot believe you would use that against me. My death is my fault now, is it?”
The actors switch positions, and then again, and then the larger guy finishes, comes all over Ryan’s ass, and then Ryan comes over himself at apparently the sensation of someone else’s cum on him.
There’s something strange in his chest, tight and nervous and jumping. Like leftover adrenaline from a fight or falling in a dream. He shakes off his hand and is about to - whatever, storm outside and keep walking until his nerves calm down - when Claire walks through the front door. “Hey, boomer,” she greets, swinging around the corner of the bar.
He’s seen Cas’s dick, he knows the size of it – he’s felt it, hard against his stomach or thigh or the strip of skin between. He can imagine putting his hand around the base of it, around the part of it that won’t fit in his mouth. Dean imagines teasing Cas until he gets impatient, licking and kissing the slit until Cas lets out a growl of frustration – oh, oh
For some reason, Dean’s eyes go hot and prickly. He rubs the back of his hand against them because he’s tired, and nothing else. “You don’t need to thank me,” he says. “Please – you don’t. I should be – I never got to say-”
Cas opens the passenger seat and startles Dean from his melancholy. He holds up his prize – blankets and cushions from their closet. “We can make the cargo bed into a backseat,” he says.
He scoops two fingers into the tub and collects a dollop. He takes a deep breath and reaches around himself and slides those same two fingers into himself.
He’s been being selfish, in all honesty. Cas is going to get bored of him, of his celibate life, soon. Dean’s just trying to postpone it.
When they get back to the house, Dean deliberately drives them a little away from the house, parking with the tool shed between them. Well. Dean calls it a tool shed, Cas calls it a garage, and Eileen calls it the Dean Cave 2.0. It’s a ramshackle building with a concrete floor, just big enough to house a few workshop tables and shelves, and maybe Baby for the next tornado season. They unload the materials between them, and Dean thinks about asking Jack to just click his fingers to unload it all – but he realises he doesn’t actually want that. Not today, not for this.
“You killed yourself!” Dean shouts, and then stops, breathing heavily. He says, forcibly steadier, “Do you think I ever wanted to be saved like that? You think anything was worth that? Your fucking – it was suicide, Cas!”
In the morning, after barely sleeping, he thinks about writing it down in a letter or a text. But Cas has probably been listening in to his longing, or whatever, since he left. Anyway, this is personal. Fuck it. It’s time for the good ol’ tried and tested method.
They all stand there, four pretend FBI agents, as the mortician explains the two bodies were killed in a similar fashion – ripped apart with sharp instruments. Perhaps an animal attack, if it weren’t so vicious and in the middle of suburbia. The mortician is pale as he explains, clearly shaken by the entire thing.
Dean, jarred from the mood shift, can still feel the tear track drying on his skin. He snaps, “What, and that’s my fault, is it?”
Cas softens, visibly. His body sinks a little smaller, and he patters closer so he can sit at Dean’s elbow. “I am very thankful to be back. Thank you, Dean.”
Around the walls are embarrassing photos of Dean, Cas, and Dean and Cas together. There’s childhood photos of Dean with gap teeth and then braces and then nineties bangs. There’s a photo of Cas wearing a tiara and fairy wings, and a photo of him drenched from a beer keg that exploded, and a photo of him in a trench coat that drowns him. Then there’s photos of the two of them together: when they first moved into their apartment; the first day they opened the Roadhouse under new management; and a photo Dean has never seen before where they both fell asleep on the beach and they’re just resting on each other, snoring.
Charlie gently punches his shoulder. “That’s a good thing.” She pulls back her fist to rest her jaw on it. “I’m proud of you. You’ve worked fast through your gay panic – twelve hours must be some kind of record for the LGBT community.”
“What?” He prompts. “Come on, Cas. We don’t have all night if we want to catch the eight o’clock showing.”
He swills around the glass. It’s just – he was settled into the norm. Coming out was already his year’s allotted excitement. He doesn’t have the energy for more change.
Dean does know. Of course he does. He knows Cas caught what slipped from him in the heat of the moment, in the humiliation and desperation of the motel room. But admitting it is admitting something else, something too personal and scared and buried deep within him.
She leans forward. “Come on, who do you think you’re talking to? I’d love it. What are in-laws for?”
“Not at all,” Cas agrees, before finally deciding to plonk himself on Dean’s bicep and curling up there. “This is for just for warmth.”
Victor laughs. “Sure. Anyway, not all of us are settled down yet.” At Dean’s visible confusion, Victor points at the silver band wrapped around Dean’s ring finger. “You going to tell me about her?”
Cas levels him with an unimpressed look. “Dean.  I have seen you naked before. I built your every cell from scratch, including your penis, perineum, and pubic bone. I appreciate your concern, but you don’t need to worry about offending me.”
He uses shaking fingers to pull at Cas’s tie, at once tightening it and then reaching up to loosen it again, pull it from the knot and whisper it from around his neck. He shoves at his jacket and shucks it to the floor as well. He’s shaking from the inside out, and he needs to prove something, and he doesn’t know what yet, but he’ll figure it out along the way. Cas’s lips are plump and spit-slick against his own, and they’re so easy to lose himself in, so easy to forget.
Cas takes a step back to squint at it with fresh eyes. “I was hoping in the bathroom. Lots of natural light, and we won’t need to water it ourselves with the humidity.”
“No,” says Cas, slowly, like he’s working something out. “No, I have a good memory. And I also have the ability to hear your pulse.”
the muscles move and he lets out a groan. Cas wrenches away only long enough to pull off his t-shirt, revealing smooth skin and dusky pink nipples, and then he arches against Dean.
And his thumb skitters across the screen and he drops his phone – luckily, the screen doesn’t crack further, and Cas isn’t here to make a ‘told you so’ expression – and he tucks it away into his jacket. He stands, collects and pays for his order, and ignores the way his ears burn from paranoia. He shuffles back to the Impala and takes a moment to rest his forehead on Baby’s steering wheel. She waits for him patiently.
He knows by the pause it’s Cas on the other line. “Hello, Dean.” Cas takes another moment, and says, “Were you finishing another call?”
Dean scoffs and ignores the ‘aww’ from Rosanna’s fiancé and Patricia. Rosanna, at least, only rolls her eyes. “No, don’t encourage him. You were absolutely not in love with me then, dude, you threatened to throw me back into-” he stumbles over ‘hell’, instantly realising that he cannot end that sentence like that, and instead says, lamely, “The, uh, place we met in.”
“What?” Dean frowns, pulls himself away from the laptop. The local library’s website stays open on the screen, advertising part-time courses in mechanical qualifications and vehicle repairs. It’s mid-morning, and Dean is only partway through his second coffee. He isn’t firing on all cylinders, is what he’s saying.
If Cas thought Dean’s heart was beating loud before, he must be getting tinnitus from the pulse thundering through Dean now. His heart is painfully tense, and his ears are thrumming fast. The keys squeeze within his palm until the metal bites into skin. Dean’s jaw locks, and he nods. He walks around the hood and comes to the driver’s seat. Cas steps back, not enough, so he’s watching from barely a foot away.
- and stares at the wall facing him. He has spent the past few days drawing out every symbol and blend of symbols he could think of. There are angelic pleas and demon wards. But one symbol in the middle, the largest, is the one he keeps staring at.
The larger guy leaves, and the camera zooms on just Ryan, left behind on the couch, wrecked and used and covered in semen. The video ends, and brief credits roll, and then it ends.
Cas steps back to look him in the eye. He searches what he sees there, until, after a moment of silent consideration, he says, “Yes. I’d like that.”
Another memory jolts Dean and he grins, manic and all over the place. “Remember another time you pushed me up against an alley wall? Remember that? You gonna beat me bloody again? Or should I beat you, this time? I can’t keep track.”
Dean lets out an irritated growl and runs a hand through his hair. “Well, fucking obviously I didn’t love her, but you should still want to prove that!”
He fishes it out, from the side Cas isn’t curled up against, and flicks it open with one push of his thumb. The silver glistens in the television’s reflection, colours swimming across the curved metal. He puts the box on his lap and pulls the ring free of its padded home.
Jack nods, grinning with the thrill of conspiracy, and poofs out of existence – presumably to reappear wherever Cas is.
Cas, having suffered defeat, emerges from the ocean and walks towards him, and Dean gets a little - stuck on the sight.
Whatever stalled him shifts, and Cas’s eyes turn blazing and sure. He bends down and presses a bruising kiss against Dean’s navel as he pulls apart Dean’s belt and buckle. He tugs away Dean’s jeans, and Dean shifts his hips to help. His reward is quickly delivered: Cas licks a sticky stripe along the bulge of Dean’s boxers, and Dean lets out a yelp at the sensation.
He swallows and jerks a thumb over his shoulder. “Oh. Right – you two – ah. I’ll leave you two to it. And, uh, yeah, I’ll text you.”
He finds himself saying, “It’s not too far from the Bunker, so if Sam and Eileen stay here – or if we do end up using the Bunker as a hub for other hunters – we’re not too far. But there’s plenty of land, plenty of space. We could expand the house – see there, where the outer wall needs repairing anyway? Or, well. I was thinking you could plant your garden. Could rear horses, or donkeys, or alpacas too, if you wanted. Plenty of space for Miracle to roam around. Could get a cat, too – it’s easier when you already have a dog, then the cat doesn’t feel threatened. And-” he cuts himself off, desperately embarrassed by his own research. He at once needs to prove to Cas that he’s thought it all through while also needing to be as nonchalant as possible in preparation for the inevitable rejection.
“No,” Cas corrects, sounding like he’s on the verge of laughter. “You said that you got the beer order wrong, and you’d fix it, but,” and now he curls quotation marks from his fingers, “’You didn’t want to hear a goddamn comment about it.’”
It’s not like Dean can admit it, though. He’s sure as hell not going to say the whole truth, which is that every day that goes by that they’re not having sex, that Dean can’t do this one thing for Cas, is another day of spiralling into panic. Another day of Cas noticing the tension, tilting his head and getting closer to asking what’s wrong.
Cas’s inhale of breath as Dean pulls back barely an inch, still sharing that pocket of air, noses nudged together, eyes closed.
“I can keep going,” says Cas, and his voice is hoarse from Dean’s dick, which alone makes his balls tighten. “But I figured – if you did want…”
And then, for all of Dean’s sins, Jack’s eyes start welling up. Dean doesn’t even get a chance to open his mouth to apologise and make it better before Jack is diving in for another hug and pressing his face against Dean’s collarbone. Dean pats his back and soothes him with awkward shushes, lets him let it all out. It reminds him, achingly, of when Sam was young, right before puberty stretched him out and made him angry, and he would get so overwhelmed with whatever emotion he was feeling at the time he would have to just sob to let all those emotions out.
She signs an apology at him, in between wiping her tears of mirth away. She finally straightens – laughs again at his grumpy expression – and then says, “You’re too easy.”
But Cas’s thumb doesn’t falter. “I used to think that too,” he confesses like it’s easy. “Whether I would have had you sooner if I took a female vessel.”
Dean takes a deep breath. He’s spent his whole life compartmentalising. There’s no time to process an emotion more complex than sad or angry or horny, because there’s always another monster. There’s always a new wrathful God or apocalypse. Dad’s dying, Bobby’s dying, Sam’s dying, Dean’s dying. Mom’s dying, Mom’s alive, Mom’s dying again. Their friends are dying, their friends are dead. But now, the whole point is that the threat is over. Now, they’ve got all the time in the world to reflect and analyse. They’ve got time to be honest with each other.
“Bradbury,” he greets, pushing past her to pace within her room. He’s holding three library books that he drops down on her coffee table, narrowly missing a glass of water. “I have something to share.”
Cas lets out a growl, and his hands are savage against Dean’s back, and one of them slips down to edge his fingers underneath the seam of Dean’s jeans. Dean reacts a moment too slow, and then just pauses, stuck on the temptation of fingertips inching towards the flesh of his ass.
It’s a bee, on top of a honeycomb pattern, about the size of Dean’s hand, fingers and all. He rotates it, and sees today’s date etched into the plain backing. He grins, and says to Cas, “You made this?”
“And he has been,” Dean replies. “He was just shown up by a guy who cries at puppy training videos.”
Everyone leaves, and it’s always him pushing them out the front door, silently begging they’ll come back. His dad got sick of him, left him hunting alone. Sammy left for Stanford, a higher education that was less of a dream and more of an escape route as proven by the fact he hasn’t gone back to it. Mom couldn’t stand to be in the same room as him for long swathes of her return. And now Cas, too.
From the pattern of his gaze, travelling up and down, Cas can’t seem to decide where to look. Dean’s about to lean down and pull his briefs back up, point proven to himself and Cas too, when Cas throws the sheets away from himself. He stands and fucking
Dean - Dean does not feel accepted, or proud. Dean feels very small and very much like a liar. But he's not lying. Not really. Or - maybe he used to be lying, if he was going around saying he was straight? But he never had to
The radio switches to a bulletin, some chirpy presenter who tells them that the weather in mid-Illinois is expected to remain around eighty degrees for the next week.
“It’s not just the label. Though, truly, I am glad you’ve found one.” Cas’s expression doesn’t give anything away. He looks tired, but maybe that’s just Dean’s imagination. “It’s everything, Dean. You lied to me. You were – stringing me along, pretending you felt the same for me.”
“Come on,” says Cassie, slinging an arm over Meera’s shoulders. “Let’s go celebrate – I saw a bar up top that I don’t think will mind our stench.”
“Nah,” replies Dean before he can think. “The best part of the drive-in is making out in the backseat anyway.” Then he freezes. He shouldn’t – he doesn’t want to
“I’m not freaking out,” lies Dean, and fuck, Cas knows him too well, because his eyes cracks open in suspicion.
Cas presses his lips together, and then scoots closer. “I should have been more understanding,” he says. “The conversations we’ve had – well. Perhaps we should have discussed it in more detail.”
Dean stares down and starts putting the wooden side back up to the shelf piece. He admits to the wood, “I just want to make sure he recovers okay.”
,” she says around a knowing grin. “I’d worry more about what other comparisons they’re discussing right now.”
It’s fine. Dean just needs some more time to get comfortable with being gay, get over his hang ups and fresh frigidity. It’s totally fine.
He sits in the waiting room with blood-smeared hands and a bouncing knee. He’s cold in just a t-shirt, with the air-con and the cloying scent of hospitals. He finds himself fiddling with his ring, twisting it back and forth until the skin underneath it shins like scar tissue.
Dean opens his mouth, but Cassie beats him to it as she asks, “Any organs missing?” At the mortician’s face, she adds, “Apologies for asking, doctor, but we have to clear all our bases. You understand.”
first. He has to know his own desires before he tells Cas about them. He has to know his own thoughts before he voices them. When he gets angry at stupid stuff, like the truck breaking down or a customer being a shit at work, or even just at the softness emerging around his own gut, he has to work out
Or when Cas is helping Dean look at mechanic qualification courses and soothing his jitters with the occasional touch over his knuckles or a reminder that, “Well of course you could do that, you fixed that in the Impala last week.”
“Well, you know what?” Dean jabs his finger in Cas’s direction. “I still can’t believe you did it. I can’t believe you would do that to me.”
They work in relative quiet for a while, falling into an ease of passing screwdrivers and bolts and pieces between them. It’s as they’ve balanced the two side pieces onto the bottom piece that Sam says, “What are you really doing here?”
“Thanks!” Claire says, brightness flickering across her face before she schools it to its usual rest. “I guess I’ll be using that money to pay for my new engine. I hope Ronnie adds some shiny, new,
Dean knows that Cas can be cranky as hell, depending on how you catch him and the time of day. He’s a real dick when he’s tired, and Dean is guilty of winding him up deliberately and often, because Dean is also a real dick but all of the time.
Cas stares at him for a long moment. He then pivots on one heel and stomps off. Dean winces at the back of him. Fuck.
, but he thought he’d get a fucking clue at least. His jaw locks and grinds, and he stands, shucks his sweatpants and storms to the shower to clean the lotion and shame from his dick.
“Regardless,” says Cas, and digs his heel into Dean’s thigh, just a little. “You went at your own pace. I’m pleased you discovered it, no matter when that was.”
“No worries,” replies Cassie with an understanding smile. “But I still want a proper goodbye, Dean Winchester.”
.” Dean’s voice cracks, and Cas reaches towards him, and Dean backs up. He’s poker-hot with hurt and rage, and he snaps, “Fine! Whatever. Leave. Well done on breaking the record this time. You made it, what, three, four months? But that’s a blink of an eye in Heavenly time, right?”
Cas looks close to tears, and it’s just as potent of a jab to Dean’s gut when reflected in the mirror. “Thank you,” he says, simply.
Dean grips onto Cas’s sleeve, and shoves all the papers and brochures away so he can twist on the couch. He bends his knee to press the cap of it against the sofa’s back, and he raises Cas’s hand to kiss the palm. “You’re never leaving again,” Dean vows, breath soft against the hairless, vulnerable skin. “And I will never,
Dean considers muting, but then he wouldn’t hear the slap of skin against ass, and then the bigger guy says, “You’re such a whore. You’re just a goddamn slut, aren’t you? You’re so gorgeous, you slutty cocksucker.”
At the time, Cas was fresh to having a home again and was working at the local Gas-n-Sip, while Dean was busting seventy-hour-weeks as a case manager. They became friends over coffee and shared pizza and Dr Sexy re-runs, in a way that crept on Dean until it was too late to go back. They shared crackling Lynyrd Skynyrd records and absent fathers and lives spent caring for other people. Cas made Dean laugh mostly by accident, and Dean spent more time than he’d admit explaining pop culture jokes after he’d made them.
After that night, Dean, with the subtlety of a bull faced with an abacus, uses the clearest language he knows. He can’t – he can’t let his stupid mouth running off ruin what they have. He
The other man – huge, tattooed, burly, someone whom Dean might have tried to pick a fight in his twenties’ – reaches down to pull Ryan to standing, and then pushes him towards the conveniently nearby couch. Ryan, as if he knows what to expect, lands awkwardly but then repositions with his knees on the cushion, spine arched, and elbows resting on the couch’s back.
They get out into the carpark and Dean thinks he’s a goddamn saint for waiting until they reach their cars at the far end of the parking lot before he explodes, “What the hell are you doing here, Cassie?”
content available – the movies and series and even the live-action films. (Cas still empathises with Scrappy and won’t let Dean make fun of him for it.)
Dean lets out a heavy breath, tries to clear his whole body from the lungs first. “I am sorry,” he says. “I should’ve worked some of this stuff out before I kissed you. But come on, you just came back, and I thought you were dead forever. I tried to get you back and I
is busy, but not rushed. There’s a pleasant ambiance, and it’s a Friday night, so Cas has offered to be designated driver for the lot of them. Charlie and Eileen are having a fast conversation in sign language that Dean is too buzzed to focus on, while Benny and Jo are talking trash about this weekend’s football game.
“I thought that when you watch Dr Sexy live, I could spend that time in Heaven. Half an hour in heaven gives me plenty of time to help. You’d be distracted so you wouldn’t worry about me being gone, it gives us a clear routine and time period-”
Sam rolls his eyes. “Whatever. Come on, if we don’t make some headway on this bookcase, Eileen won’t let me buy any more books for a month, and I’ve got my eye on a sixteenth-century collection of lore.”
Eileen pops her head around the door, raps her knuckles on the wooden arch of it to get his attention. She signs,
Dr. Sexy says to his team, “I wanted to be open with you all. I have lived many lives, and many secrets, but this is not one I want to keep now I know the truth about myself, Doctors.”
The episode continues, with an exciting bomb defusal plot and a threat of a bioweapon being released into the hospital. Of course, Dr. Sexy manages to stop it, using a pencil, his own magnetism and an anecdote about his days as a semi-professional baseball player in college. When he is defusing the bio-bomb, though, there’s a moment where his eyes catch with Teddy, and the camera zooms in on both of them, like it’s
- intelligent enough to understand the legislation and paperwork if he spent more than two panic-fuelled days on it.
Dean swallows, and holds Cas tighter, and tries to shift his body into something casual. “Hey. How was the hunt?”
Dean rests his forehead against his knuckles, still wrapped around the steering wheel. He lets out a deep breath. “Yeah,” he says. “Me too, buddy.”
“Sweetheart,” Dean croaks. “I want you more than anything else. More than my car, or Sam, or the whole fucking world. It scares me how much I want you.”
This has been an incredibly stressful hour for Dean. He can be forgiven for the tone of his voice when he asks, “And Billie?”
Donna handcuffs the man and leads him outside. Jody says to Dean, “Well, if you change your mind, we’ll cool him off in the tank. You have my number.” And she leaves, taking Dick and Donna with her.
Thankfully, they do shut up. Sam’s voice is irritatingly gentle as he asks, “What is it like, then?”
when they get home. But then again – Dean’s looking around, and his new colleagues are laughing, and people always miss this about Cas. They see his steady expression and hear his deep voice and they don’t get him. They don’t get that he’s grumpy and mean, and vindictive, and he has a sense of humour that’s so goddamn easy to miss. He’s all
But whatever the reason, Dean gets pulled away from mindless pleasure and back into his stupid, useless brain. And every time, he locks up. Sometimes he makes an excuse, or an apology, or sometimes he doesn’t say anything at all and Cas just eases off like he can still read his mind.
Patricia barely even pauses for a second. “Bring him along then. I hope you’re both scotch drinkers.”
Cas pushes Dean against the closest surface, the kitchen counter, and Dean’s brain, helpfully, goes completely offline. He pulls Cas back into a sliding kiss, his mouth firm and deliberate. His hands slide down and underneath Cas’s shirt, feeling the coiled muscles of his back and smooth skin. Cas rolls his shoulders and Dean
“No promises,” says Dean, already imagining how he can get Cas to stay on the couch for another couple of weeks. Cas’s arm tightens around him, like he can tell exactly what he’s thinking.
(Maybe it’s the four beers he’s had so far, but he’s introducing his angelic boyfriend to his co-workers and it’s going
The thing is, it seemed simple, especially when Cas was kissing him, and saying he loved him, and they were talking about wall colours and hardwood wax.
Claire crouches beside him, and takes over the shirt, and helps keep Cas upright. The movement jostles Cas, just a little, and shock flutters over his face before he leans over and pukes by Dean’s feet. Dean stands, leans behind the bar to pull out one of the plastic tubs they keep cucumber in, emptying its contents over the counter before holding it on Cas’s lap. He guides Cas’s hands to hold it, just in time as he curls over and vomits again.
Dean, somehow, makes it through his first month as a full-time mechanic. It’s been different, working on cars that aren’t half-wrecked in Bobby’s yard or Baby herself.
onto the sofa – their sofa, the one downstairs, comfortable and sinking – and imagines if he was pleased with the way Dean sat up and positioned himself. Dean’s hand pumps faster, tighter, jerking and twisting. Dean imagines if Cas came up behind him, grabbed onto him with those large and deft hands – he imagines Cas around him, covering him, skin to skin from knee to spine, imagines his mouth panting against Dean’s ear, imagines him not just around him, but
They manage to work fast, nailing together the cross and then packing the straw around it, fitting the clothes on and tying it all together with twine and knots. Dean has, unfortunately, more practice than he’d like tying wrists and ankles to crosses, and he’s making a forcible effort to not make those connections.
His other bout of luck is when he comes into the interview and the manager, who reminds him almost unbearably of Ellen, has a tour poster of Kansas and a half-eaten pie on her office desk.
Dean barks out a laugh in surprise. He finally turns, to see Cas with one leg crossed over the couch cushion to face him. “And you’re okay with that?”
ran away. You always do this. You push us a little further and see if I’ll come with you, and then when I do, you pretend it never happened.”
There’s a bandage over his head, stuck on where they had to cut into his brain. His face is swollen, from the extra fluid, by his temples. His eyes are closed, and he looks pale in the hospital light. Dean nods through the doctor’s explanations until they leave, and Dean is left alone with Cas’s soft puffs of sleeping breath.
Cas says something on a gasp that could be Dean’s name or a wholly different plea, but either way Dean silences it with a tugging bite to Cas’s bottom lip. He grinds them together, grasping at Cas to try and silence his own fucking head. He slicks their tongues together with bruising kisses, hot and frantic.
But something always happens. Sometime Cas grazes Dean’s hips, touches the bare skin underneath his shirt, and Dean shivers, and then he remembers he’s kissing a guy, and what comes next. Sometimes Dean trips himself up, finds himself reaching down to rub the heel of his palm against Cas’s bulging crotch, to offer him some release from whining his desperation into Dean’s jugular. Sometimes it’s an external thing, like the pipes of the Bunker or a text from Jack or Miracle scratching at the door.
Cas forcibly shoves at his shoulders so Dean falls back on his heels, and then twists away from the counter, away from
She watches him for a moment, with cool eyes, and then shrugs, measures out a couple of fingers for him, and sets it down. She does go far and leans back against the shelves. She picks up a glass and begins toweling it dry. “Weird night, huh?” she prompts.
of the general idea, and looked the other way when Dean once ordered a pay-per-view on his credit card. (At the time, Dean thought he had been slick enough to get away with it. In retrospect, it was probably the kindest thing John ever did for him to not bring it up.) At least Dean had some vague idea of how it was all supposed to work.
, Dean, of course I’m not!” Cas stands as well, one fluid motion compared to Dean’s scramble for control. “You were – you
The next few days are a careful balance between how much Dean actually wants to smother Cas, and how much he can feasibly get away with.
“I know, and he did. He saved our lives more often than I can count. But it’s like – shared perspective. Does that make sense? Like we can all come at it from a different angle, and so all our bases are covered.” Sam leans back. “It feels good, I guess.”
Dean rubs a hand over his face. It’s like losing his virginity all over again. Except at least when he was a kid, John had given him
He grabs the mugs and scarpers back to the bedroom. Cas is sitting up in bed, with all the available pillows cushioned behind him artfully. That's Dean's excuse for why he curls up into Cas and hides his face on his shoulder after passing over the coffee. That's his excuse, if Cas ever asks him for one.
Actually, Dean could have lived his whole life without seeing the decorations. When he catches sight of them, as soon as he steps into the living room, he promptly wants to go home.
an inconvenience, and swivels in Dean’s forearms. He says to Sam and Eileen, “Hello Sam, and Eileen. It’s me. Castiel.”
happy. And I’m proud of you, too. Everything you’ve done and are still doing. You’ve done so much good, kid.”
But Dean knows how to pick his battles. He stomps forward, careful to avoid a blooming cauliflower, and pulls Jack into a full-body hug, clapping him on the back a few times for good measure. “It’s good to see you.”
, and Dean keeps a hand on his shoulder. “I didn’t even realise I wanted you to say that until you did.”
It's really important, he realises, to lay the law down now, because. He just. He's not ready for his little brother, or anyone, to call him gay. Yet. Because he obviously is, and he's coming to terms with that, but. Just - it's the morning after and it's been a
It’s nothing like the porn video Dean watched, or even when he tried to prep himself those weeks ago. Fine, the mechanics are the same, but there’s nothing clinical or cruel about Cas’s touch. His wet, lubed-up finger circles Dean’s hole under he’s shivering with sensitivity, and then he slips the first finger inside, just one, and it doesn’t hurt.
The last time Dean saw Victor was when he was still working in social care – way back when. They saw each other on enough cases to be close colleagues and then work-friends, getting beers after a particular tough case or going over paperwork over take-out. The smell of burgers drifting through the restaurant now makes the memories especially visceral.
Cas stands there, looming and dangerous in a way Dean often forgets he can be. He sees the man who loves bees and plants and friendships - and forgets the strength coiled within. Dean, for his part, is frozen, staring at the line of Castiel’s shoulders.
Eileen rolls her eyes. “Huge,” she says, and holds her hand up to her eye level to illustrate. “I’m not sure whether we’ll need to re-pot it soon.”
“Boyfriend,” he corrects, and immediately wishes he hadn’t. He freezes up, and stares at the rag in his hand. He’s not breathing. That’s – that’s actually the first time he’s said that. Maybe he should have asked Cas first, what they were calling each other. Then again, knowing Cas, he’d say something about souls and profound bonds and Dean would leave the conversation as confused as he was horny.
Cassie looks around, and frowns when she sees the truck Dean is pointing at. “You got rid of the Impala,” she notices lightly.
The thing is: it’s not like Dean seriously believes that if he drives Baby again, Cas will poof from existence. Not really.
Dean knows, though, that Cas likes to read non-fiction - he sits there on days off with a thick book of translations or human oddities over history. He reads about empires that fell and rose again, or how people used to criminalise sex, or how cells are replicated over and over again.
Fiona’s eyebrows barely twitch. Almost as if this isn’t an earth-shattering statement, or anything abnormal. She grins. “You know, I can see it. You both eat the same – no manners at all.”
in twelve hours, and he thinks he can be forgiven for not yet running down the corridor naked apart from a rainbow flag tied around his private parts. He will come to terms with it, eventually. Maybe with more of those amazing hand jobs - maybe Cas can train him like that, can train him to be more gay. He gets lost for a little bit imagining that particular regime.
It’s about finding Cas, napping with a book on ancient horticulture across his chest, in the afternoon sun streaming in through the large window, and Dean is so filled with
He remembers, with startling clarity, the decision to suggest marriage to Cas. Sure, lawyers were expensive, but for fuck's sake, his brother is one. By that point, Cas probably even qualified for a citizen in his own right. And Dean was -
Cas sees through him, just as he always has done. “I won’t live a farce, or a lie. Not with you. I can love you alone, and with dignity at least. I don’t need your – whatever this was. Pity? A favour? I won’t. I won’t do it.” He looks down at his feet, as if to regain composure.
His head snaps up and Cas is back at the foot of the stairs, looking straight at him from the other end of the open-plan room. His expression is, as usual, fucking unreadable.
It feels him with a thrill and a jolt of fear too. But it also feels right, in a way no other label has. It makes sense, and makes every other memory make sense too. It makes him feel settled. Like he can put Cas and Cassie in the same sentence: Benny and Lisa and Lee and Rhonda too. It makes him feel connected to everyone else like him.
By the time he gets back to Benny, he has a bag of artisan tea and two ring boxes in his jacket. As he sits back down, he thinks that Benny will somehow know what he’s hiding. When Benny asks, “What did you buy, then?” Dean startles before remembering the tea.
." Sam starts counting them off his fingers. And when Claire was sick with the flu, you made four litres of chicken soup for her. When Charlie-”
It’s like Eileen can read his mind. She nudges his ribs to get him to look up, and says out loud, “Stop with the guilt routine. We don’t need you anymore, actually.” And then she has the audacity to wink.
Dean is not drunk enough for this conversation. He rolls over and swings his feet onto the floor. He stands with a groan and a spine pop, and then starts picking up empty beer bottles. Sam follows his path of cleaning (not actually helping, by the way) with his typical air of judgement.
“You’re sure about moving in with me?” he asks, quiet against the warmth of Cas’s collarbone. “You’ll be stuck with me.”
And then his phone trills from his pocket, a gentle ping notification. Not enough to even register as an interruption to Dean, but Victor fidgets with the guilt of someone caught, and pulls his phone out to silence it. Dean tilts his head, and says, “What’s got you looking so shifty?”
.” He breathes out heavy in frustration at his own failings. He opens his eyes, and jolts at the navy slacks suddenly standing before him.
“Right,” nods Cas. “Unless maybe we record tomorrow’s episode too. And then we can start watching from next week live.”
“It damn well was, and we both know it.” Cas leans his weight insistently against Dean, all up in his space. “Now, please explain to me-”
“And you’re sure you want to live there? That house?” It’s urgent that Dean makes this clear, makes sure of this. “We could go anywhere. You’ve seen the whole world, since its creation. We could go somewhere more exotic than a Kansas field in the middle of nowhere. We could go to Tibet, or England, or I’ll buy a submarine at the bottom of the Pacific. Whatever you want. Wherever you want.”
Cassie takes over, jerking a thumb at the other photo. “By contrast, Derek Riviera was pretty loved in the community. Single father who worked at his kid’s school as a janitor.”
of taking it further – he can’t follow through. And maybe he’d be able to with a less considerate partner, with a boyfriend who wasn’t so finely tuned to Dean that he notices a change in his breathing pattern or heart rate. In that instance, he’d be able to power through and just, like, get it over with.
“Really,” says Cas. “I apologise for not sharing this with you all. I understand keeping secrets is a sore spot for a number of you, due to all your individual trauma.”
Dean’s hand squeezes around Cas’s shoulder, a moment of weakness, and then he snatches the hand back.
He’s wiping down one of the booths when he hears - senses - tension from the bar. He picks up the rag and the spray-bottle of disinfectant and wanders over. Cas is talking to some guy who’s way too drunk for a Sunday, and belligerent from it.
It's a natural response. Warm body in his bed, cuddling up to him, smelling of home and ozone and sandalwood? Of course he'd pop a boner. That's - that's perfectly reasonable.
Dean drinks too much, and can’t cry, not even when his eyes are hot, and his nose is stuffy, and his whole body feels aching and heavy. He isn’t sleeping, and when he is, nightmares shake him awake or leave him more restless than when he closed his eyes.
“Right,” says Sam. He leans in the doorway, part casual and part blocking Dean from escaping. Fucker. “Same old story. Tell me, did he lose his memory again? Or were you demonic, or controlled by a demonic curse? I’m losing track.”
He drifts. It’s still dark when he wakes to a waking snort, and then his head cracks up to see Cas, turning his head to watch him.
Cas bends down to kiss him, even as he slides out. He shushes Dean’s protests and twists him round, manhandles him onto his hands and knees. Dean barely has time to shiver from emptiness, from the lack of touch, as Cas pushes back inside, their thighs pressed up against each other and a hand wrapped around Dean’s torso to hold him up. The new position pushes him deeper than before, until Dean thinks he’s nothing without Cas’s cock branding him from the inside out.
Cas grins a wicked curve to his mouth, and he runs his palm across Dean’s chest as he walks past him, a tantalising path that, with no effort at all, tugs Dean to pivot on his heel to follow. In the doorway, he says, “If that’s the best part, you’d better prove it.” And then he slips away, casual as nothing, like he hasn’t hooked into Dean like a fishline and left him with his jaw dropped.
Dean twitches. He needs to escape like a visceral thing, like the room is lighting on fire around him. He rubs a hand over his jaw, and says to the opposite wall, “Don’t get clingy, Cas. I had to try out this bi thing with
Eventually, one evening when Dean is deciding between making ribs or risotto, Cas comes in with a grin stretching his lips wide. He steps close, right into Dean’s space, and slides his fingers in between Dean’s. “Do you want to see it?”
. Dean blinks up at him, somewhere between shock and mounting dread. Cas is fumbling with his pants, pulling his boxers up and then his jeans too. “Just, wait a minute,” Cas says, breathing heavily. He zips up, and Dean feels the whole evening run away from him. “What- what was that? What happened? Did I say something wrong?”
“Hey, hey!” Dean is there before he realises, rag discarded in favour of yanking the man backwards and smacking at the offending hand. “What the fuck is wrong with you? Cool it, man.”
But remembering that – thinking of Cas – only serves to foul up his mood again, so he asks instead, “And you enjoy it? Hunting?”
He must think it’s something so incredibly traumatic, beyond what Dean has already gone through. He must think it’s something other than
Dean turns his face to kiss Cas’s cheek, for all the words he can’t say out loud. “You deserve the best of both,” he says, low and private. “You do, for all you’ve done for heaven and humanity. You deserve to fly, and you deserve to rest when you come home.”
Cas lets him go by only an inch to separate them, and says, in between punctuating presses of his lips, “I will be fine. Your brother will be fine. You can stay here and watch your garbage television with Eileen, and I will be back before you miss me.”
“I know you two fuckers planned this,” says Dean, even as he fishes into his front pocket and pulls out the keys. “Bring her back in one piece. If she starts making funny noises-”
“Who aren’t as close as we are.” Dean shakes his head. His bad mood from the past week sours further as he gets off the freeway onto the road towards Mount Vernon. “Well, sweetheart, guess we are working after all.”
,” Cas says, like a beg or admission or something in between. He pulls back, enough to shift the angle inside and make Dean moan, and he pulls Dean’s thighs so they wrap around his rib cage. He hikes his own leg closer in the space left behind, and then thrusts again, and Dean is going to lose his mind.
There’s no way the lovebirds didn’t hear him – but instead of a hastened shush or fervent giggles, he hears a shuddered,
As soon as the engine rumbles, he does a U-turn in the road and starts the drive to take them back home. Cas’s hand creeps across the seat and links through Dean’s palm, and Dean squeezes his grip.
Cas puts down his own plate, and reaches for Dean’s hand, running his thumb over the still-scraped knuckles. “Claire sent me a text. She passed her well-wishes and asked me whether you considered
He wanders off to the kitchen and starts pulling out the ingredients, the bread and the grape jelly Cas proclaims to be his favourite. He finds himself staring at the jar for a longer moment than he’ll ever admit to, with the taste of Cas still on his lips. There’s a dull, careful joy threatening to burst from his chest, something dangerous like happiness. It’s like this huge burden has sloughed off from his shoulders. Not just his bisexuality, though fuck if that’s not a huge relief, but to have Cas here, with nothing but honesty and attraction between them. He finally gets to
“Anyway,” she begins, and then trails off into silence as they round one more bend and they take in the scene in front of them.
“Right,” says Dean. He falls back and rests his head on the back of the seat - there’s a stain on the ceiling he should get around to repainting. He swallows, and says, “Thanks, Cas.”
“Sorry,” says Cas into Dean’s pec, not sounding as he means it. But then he gets off, and slips out, and ignores Dean’s wince in order to dispose of the condom and reach for some wet wipes he apparently keeps under his bed. Dean will tease him about that later, but for now, endorphins and a pleasant soreness and the return of Cas’s soft kisses keep him content. Cas pulls the sheets over them and pulls Dean close.
Just in time to see the rakshasa launch itself at Cassie. But she sidesteps neatly out of the way and twists. She spears the brass pipe straight through its spine with a tight grip and clenched biceps. On the other side of it, Cas lunges forward and grabs the rakshasa’s face in his open palm. Shining light emits from where his skin touches, and the rakshasa lets out a blood-curdling scream as it gets smote from the inside out. Cassie doesn’t let go of the pipe embedded within it, with an expression caught between grim determination and private wonder at the sight.
Cas makes a soft hum, and he pulls his hand free only so he can rest it along Dean’s cheek. “Then that’s what we’ll do,” he says. “We’ll never leave each other again.”
Dean looks up at the sky and runs a hand down his face. “Cas,” he tries. “I wasn’t thinking. I didn’t mean to.”
So, Dean is forgiven. Because Cas is good at forgiving him, to be honest. Dean’s the one more guilty of holding a grudge these days, and even then, he doesn’t have much energy for it anymore.
“I’m not asking.” Dean shakes his head. “If you jump off a cliff, I’m diving after you. That’s it. That’s all there is to it. And if that has to be your incentive, then fine. That’s how it’ll be.”
Dean turns around and pushes his underwear back down. He clears his throat and waits for Cas to look over. He stands there, bow-legged and a little softer than he was in his twenties, arms by his side and dick hanging out. Naked as the day Cas remade him, apparently.
“To be bisexual,” she barrels ahead. “Or ‘bi’, depending on your phrasing, is to be attracted to all genders, whether the same as your own or not. You may have a leaning towards one more than others, and if you’re monogamous, you will pick one at a time. But the important thing is that the possibility is there.”
Trembling, he reaches for his Glock, discarded nearby. Snap-sharp, instinctively, he shoots at it twice.
They defeat Chuck. Eileen and everyone else comes back. Jack levels up. Sam is happy. And Dean – is not.
Dean waves his hand. “Sure, I know that now. But I didn’t then. All I knew was the rest of my life was going to be without you. No more Chuck, or Jack, or heavenly intervention. No crossroad demons. So, I don’t know, I started making deals with myself. Like superstition and blind faith could bring you back. It was stupid, especially looking back.” He sighs. “But, Cas, I didn’t have anything else. I traded driving the Impala and promised to buy you trench-coats and a new home, and I vowed that I’d do anything you wanted. Including, the, uh, romantic side of things. And then you came back, and all I could think was that I had to deliver. We finally had – had a fucking
Dean rolls his eyes, and snatches the whiskey bottle from him, chucking it into the same plastic bag he’s been putting the others in. Perhaps he’ll vacuum later today – that’ll be a fun way to waste away an hour.
But something feels very wrong. He doesn’t know this guy. Even after a date, or a few text messages, he wouldn’t know him, not really. It would take months of dates, and awkwardness, and revealing conversations. How would Dean explain how his mother burned to death, or why he owns a bar, or why he likes chamomile tea before he goes to bed?
Cas frowns, tilts his head, and opens his mouth to say something – and Dean flees, promises to bring back a sandwich for him to eat.
It’s 9pm, on a Monday, and Dr Sexy isn’t on. Instead, Dean’s watching some wannabe popstar singing some stupid song that Dean doesn’t recognise with an audience cheering and four judges standing and clapping. He double-checks he’s on the right channel – he is – and then frowns. The popstar finishes singing, and she’s crying, and a tuxedo-ed presenter comes over to ask her some inane questions like, “How do you feel? Do you think your parents are proud of you?”
Sam lets out an exhale, and then says, “Do you remember one time, Dad took us through Florida, and I asked if we could stop by the beach?”
. And I’m me. I think we inherited some trauma – some flaws – from our fathers. But we’re not them. I chose you, Dean. I chose this life. You know what that means.”
“What?” Dean swallows. “Where are you going?” Maybe if he plays dumb, then Cas won’t get the option to leave. Denial is a sweet, sweet drug.
“Yeah,” Sam says, shifting to sling an arm over his wife’s shoulders. “You said you took a class at the community class?”
But it’s worth it. Fuck, is it worth it. He thought, before, he found peace after Cas came back from the empty. But that was, on some level, all fake. More of the same sense of duty that powered him through the first forty years of his life. It was look after Sam, and then look after the world. Now, he just gets to look after himself. He gets to enjoy food and get fat from it. He gets to sleep through the night, unburdened by alcohol or nightmares.
He feels, as much as hears, the soft chuckle against his dick, and then deft, large fingers and pulling him from his underwear. He doesn’t even have a moment to feel self-conscious, as Cas tugs his boxers away and promptly swallows Dean’s dick whole.
Dean is prevented from grabbing Cas’s shirt until he explains what the fuck he means by that by the door swinging open. A bunch of their closest friends yell, “Congratulations!” and shower them with rice.
“It fit me fine!” He bites. “And that’s not the fucking point: since when are you hunting down monsters? Since when are you pretending to be FBI?”
. They sit in mostly silence, occasionally offering comments about other stalls or what the summer weather will bring.
it's finished. He hoists it up and carries it over to the allotment. He finds the space where the tomatoes were, central to most of the garden, and drives the spike deep into the ground.
Dean tries to come up with the words. To describe the grief, the depression that sunk into every pore and every blink and every sound. The hopelessness, the soldiering on because there was nothing else apart from disappointing Cas’s memory. But words are impossible when his mind is heavy and dumb with hot emotion that, if poked, may self-destruct.
Dean feels like someone just chucked a bucket of freezing water over him. His hands are still trembling, twitching for the angel they previously had a hold of. “What the fuck,” he says, voice rasping.
Dean’s mouth falls open, and he splutters for a moment before saying, “What do you mean you don’t care? Why the hell did I marry you, then?”
He steps backward, tugs the strange static with him, and desperately wishes for Cas to be safe. To be home, with Dean, safe and tucked away and soft. Dean wants to hold him in their bed, on the sofa, wherever Cas will let him. He wants his hands tight around him, so he can never leave again.
That brings up Dean short, because he’s all of a sudden aware that he’s stood between his ex-girlfriend and his current boyfriend. He doesn’t want them even in the same sentence, never mind the same square feet, and his brain is about to steam out his ears if he doesn’t get control right this second.
“Little.” Benny cocks a brow in his direction. “Not sure there’s that much distance between you two, brother.”
Dean sighs, and turns again, slams the mugs down on the island counter between them. He leans his palms flat on the wood and says, "Cas and I are together, as of last night. Romantically. That alright with you?"
Sam’s indignation dissipates, and he says, carefully, “Yeah. But that doesn’t – you did the best you could, Dean. You were a kid too, though.”
“Liar!” Dean crows, and somehow his wandering, teasing hands and Cas’s squirming turns into wrestling Cas on the couch, with all the restraint they’ve never showed before. Cas’s elbows and splayed hands are no match for Dean’s persistence and teasing grin.
Cas presses his lips together, and steps forward. He, ever so gently, reaches for Dean, and Dean folds like a stack of cards, rocking into Cas and throwing his arms around him. They hold each other for a while, and Dean can’t quite bear to part. From the way Cas clutches at him, it feels reciprocated.
There’s the mood change. Three symptoms for three – fuck. Dean forces the panic down and takes over from Claire to hold the damp flannel against the cut, pressing it against the skin. Cas throws up again.
Cas, well used by this point to the threat of Winchester fratricide, says, “Perhaps we should continue this discussion elsewhere.”
And they’re just standing there, in front of the house they both built, both just crying stupidly because they love each other and managed to fuck up even that.
The smell is the worst part – sewage underneath and seeping through, sure, but the scent of human decay and chewed-up flesh never gets any easier to bear. Bones and rotten guts and viscera are moulded into a space about fire foot each way, a disgusting and bloody parody of a king-size mattress.
“Hey, no need for the attitude! No need to thank us for solving the case, either…” Dean trails off as he starts to actually take in what his eyes are seeing.
Cas shakes his head. He drops to his own knees, and reaches out for Dean, and then stops himself. He lets his hands float neutrally to his thighs. His skin is flushed and sweaty, eyes still blown wide. Dean wants to lick him all over and also hide from him forever. “Talk to me, please. Something – your expression, your soul flickered. I need to know-”
He doesn’t want to call out. He doesn’t want to draw the wrath of the Empty, whether this is either a game of hers or she simply hasn’t noticed him yet. Either way, he knows her fickle nature, and there’s too much at risk to tempt it.
At the courthouse, they didn’t share rings. It wasn’t required. And - if Dean had thought about it, which he hasn’t, it would have been too ostentatious for what they were going for.
He looks over and Cas is already gone, flown from the passenger seat and into the air where Dean can’t follow.
And Dean panics. Like, full-body adrenaline jolt from his toes to his head. The kind of fight-or-flight response that's saved his ass in countless hunts and the kind of bullshitter gut that's saved him from jail or angry exes.
It’s about the first time Jack visits, and sees his bedroom, and hugs them both so tight Dean sees stars.
It’s the same scene, over and over again. Like when there’s a writer’s strike and they fill an episode of a season with clips and compilations from previous episodes. Like a Christmas episode just filled with flashbacks, playing over and over again. It’s Dean, miserable and angry, pushing away anyone he actually cares about.
“Dean-” begins Cas, and it’s suddenly too much. Dean’s skin is flayed from his body, and he’s one of the few people on the planet who can make that comparison with confidence.  He stands up, and instantly regrets it. He looks back, and Cas is watching him. Big, cautious eyes, and a blank expression. This is the moment, Dean realises, where he could fuck it up forever.
“Do you want anything?” Dean cuts across him. He’s not fooling anyone, least of all Cas, but he grabs one of Cas’s t-shirts to pull on. “Thai, maybe?”
He chances a look sideways to see Cas is just tilted towards him, with that know-it-all expression that makes him look unfortunately endearing. “When you admit you’re wrong, which is different.”
But then Dean hears Jack downstairs. He looks around, looks at the bedroom they sleep in every night, that they painted themselves. He shakes himself, and sneaks back outside with his prize.
He clicks the ‘gay’ category and then there’s a million further subcategories. He watches as much porn as the next guy, but he has no clue what the difference between twinks and hunks and jocks and amateurs, other than in some context or another he’s been referred to by a stranger as each one.
. Dean gives up on trying to scold him. Thank the heavens they chose to keep the wooden flooring rather than put down carpet, really.
She rolls her eyes. “It’s not like there’s a load of places to get a drink round here, and my car is at the shop for another week.”
“Sure,” he mumbles, a little awkward with his jaw still caught in her grasp. “There’s, uh. Drag queens.”
“Well, we didn’t kill him. I didn’t. But I- he’s gone. There’s nothing – he’s defeated. Everything’s sorted. Jack is God now, actually.”
When they finally lead him to Cas’s bedside, he almost trips in the doorway at the sight. They tell him they had to do minor brain surgery – an oxymoron if he’s ever heard one – but now the bleeding in his brain has been cleared. They say he can stay by his bedside tonight, but warn him that, “Mr Winchester will need a while to sleep.”
Cas’s gaze flickers over him, big and blown-out, and a cold rock settles in Dean’s gut at the thought of Cas saying no. But instead, he says, hands tight on each of Dean’s jean-clad ass cheeks, “If you do, yes.”
Dean grits his teeth. He pointedly tries to open the locked passenger door, making the handle rattle. “Can we go? Seriously. You’re making a big deal out of nothing.”
Dean croaks out, not quite joking, “Yessir,” but he keeps making out with Cas, rubbing against each other, sloppy and desperate. Cas grips the back of Dean’s legs, and holds him steady as he thrusts
that it is. It’s just for us – not for glorious purpose or for any spectrum of morality. I want you simply because I do. And I want you to want me selfishly too.”
Dean swallows. Cas is right. Dean owes him this, at least: an explanation that makes some goddamn sense. “You’re right. It’s not about the label, or my- whatever flag I fly. It helps, sure.” The truth snakes from him as he realises it. “But if I wanted to, I could’ve worked it out earlier. I didn’t need Dr Sexy’s help for that.”
Letting the water sluice over him, he leans on the shower tile and rolls his shoulders back, tries to let the tension run from him with the water. But it’s like a drum in his head,
The kid nods. He stands tall – as tall as he can – with his chin jerked forward. He has dark hair, just long enough to remind Dean of when he picked up Sammy from Stanford, and dark eyes underneath that don’t give an inch. He’s wearing a band t-shirt Dean doesn’t recognise, and a leather jacket that’s too big for him.
“Cool,” says Dean. “I’ll hang it up after my shift. We still have some spare hooks I can drill in near the window.”
“Fine,” bites out Dean. “Fine. I presume you’re staying at the same one we are. I’ll follow you in the car.”
Cas’s gaze is locked on his as his hand begins to move, begins to pump in a steady rhythm. The sound is appallingly vulgar, wet and slapping, and it shoots straight to Dean’s own dick straining against his jeans. He breathes the pants Cas lets out, his lips just out of reach even when Cas strains up.
Dean shakes his head, bats Cas’s hand away and licks across Cas’s head, closes his eyes and tries to shut out the ringing in his ears, the thrum of his heartbeat. He’s being stupid. It’s fine, he can do this-
This is where Cas falters, and he looks to Dean. Dean groans. “It - it just never came up,” he says, aware of what a shitty defence it is. But really, it’s the truth. They didn’t want to make a big deal - Dean was terrified it might jinx the deportation agents to their door - and honestly, he didn’t know how to work it into conversation. He does what he does best and goes on the attack. “I knew you’d all react like this!”
The kid watches him for a long moment, searching across his face. Whatever he sees clearly doesn’t convince him, because he says, “You’re not a cop? This is entrapment if you are. And you have to tell me if you are.”
He hears the flush of the toilet, but when minutes pass and still no angel comes padding back to bed, Dean lets out a breath and pushes the sheets away. In t-shirt and boxers, he goes to hunt his stupid boyfriend down.
“Hannah, either. For obvious reasons, but also. Well. The two of you seemed so suited. Angels together.” Dean remembers meeting Hannah and thinking that she was pretty in a church-camp kind of way, which was probably perfect for Cas. Especially, at the time, the Cas he was trying to be. “It was like – that was the first time I thought about how easier it would be if I was a girl.”
Eileen shares a look with her husband that Dean does not miss, but equally does not know how to interpret. She says, “I was just going to my yoga class, actually. But Sam’s around – especially if you want to help him put up the bookshelf.”
He reaches for a half-full glass of water on the bedside table instead, with his left hand. He’s clumsy in the night, and the metal of his ring
He drives them back to the motel, and he starts rapping on Cassie’s room door, ready to rub it in their faces. Cas tries to stop him with a warning, “Dean.”
Cas shakes his head. “There’s really no need. I can fly myself and Sam over – we can look at the object, assess it, and then I can bring us back. I want to look at it and I want to help Claire.”
Sam sits beside him, chinks his own bottle against Dean’s, and they sip in silence for a little while.
Sam doesn’t say anything for a second long enough for the panic to rise out of Dean like bile. “We won’t be far,” he says urgently. “Just an hour away, a second away if Cas flies us. And we’re building a couple of spare rooms – you and Eileen could stay with us when you want. Or I could build you guys a house next door. We have the land to spare. Or I don’t need to go.” The longer Sam stays quiet, the longer the latter sounds the best idea. “I won’t go. It was – it’s stupid. The bunker’s great. We’re fine here. Forget I said anything.”
Dean freezes. He – he didn’t mean that. That came out wrong. That’s – he’s not – nausea curdles in his stomach.
Cas does indeed look over, and his eyes widen. He sits up, gratifyingly, and fists his hands on top of his sheet-covered thighs. “Dean,” he croaks.
But that’s stupid – this is Cas. The same Cas who hoists the rainbow flag high every Pride month and has a dog-eared copy of
after that. He says to everyone else, “Cas’s, ah… family weren’t very supportive of our - relationship. Which,
not close enough. He gets an idea that electrocutes him from the inside out, and he pulls away barely an inch, gratified by how Cas frowns and tries to tug him back. He whispers against Cas’s spit-slick lips, “Show me. Show me what you’ve been imagining, sweetheart.”
He whispers, “I think I was supposed to get you gold. Or - or there was tungsten, but that didn’t sound very - I don’t know.” He swallows, and the night carries the burden of his confession, and he continues, “Silver is supposed to defend against monsters. That’s what I heard, growing up. Against vampires and werewolves and ghosts. So, you’re getting silver, buddy. Gold ain’t good to fight with.”
warm. He busies himself with pulling out the ingredients for pancakes and decidedly does not look anywhere near the table.
He’s pouring out two mugs when Sam saunters in, freshly showered and unfortunately still a morning person. They both freeze at the sight of each other, and the guilty evidence of two mugs.
“Only since Cas got back and we knew you were - well. But yeah. That’s part of this. Part of having our own lives free from Chuck’s influence also means… having our own lives. Finding love, building a home. That’s a good thing, Dean.” Sam’s now crying, just a little, and Dean realises he is too. Jesus. “We’re still brothers. You’re still my best friend, and we’re still going to hang out all the time. But it’s okay to not live with your brother when you’re forty-two, I promise.”
Cas responds instantly, hungrily, his wrists yanking themselves out of Dean’s grip so he can grab at his waist and his hair and tug him infinitely closer. Dean sinks on top of him, one hand resting by Cas’s ear to hold him stable and the other stroking up and down his flank. Dean sinks down so his weight presses all along Cas, their legs tangled together and feet pushing up against the couch arm rest. Cas’s hands go roaming, and they slip under Dean’s plaid shirt to grip a red-tinged track alongside his spine, into the meat of his back. Dean lets out a pant at the sensation and starts to nip a path along Cas’s jawline until he reaches his earlobe. He breathes against the whorl, and says, “Beam me up, sweetheart,” because he’s an asshole like that.
