“Hi, Sherlock!”  Molly greeted him with a smile, and, despite the anxious ball in his stomach, he managed a tiny smile back.
Sherlock nodded. He wished he couldn’t, because he hated thinking of someone causing John pain. “You don’t have to say it.”
No, he couldn’t be. He could acknowledge that in those days when it was just the two of them at Baker Street, he had developed some feelings, but they fell apart in the aftermath of Sherlock’s fall. He’d met Mary and pushed aside whatever he had felt for Sherlock. And that was how it had been ever since.
Sherlock nodded, and John couldn’t tell if he was disappointed or relieved. “She probably needs to be changed, since I doubt you changed her while I was gone.” He swept out of the room, leaving John dumbstruck. A few moments later, he could hear Sherlock’s deep voice rumbling as he spoke to Rosie downstairs.
The always-simmering rage inside of John threatened to rise up and overtake him, and it took every ounce of his strength to push it down. These days, he was constantly a hair’s breadth away from snapping. He was tired of feeling angry all the time, but the burning hot emotion refused to leave. It scared him every day.
After his sudden realization, John had choked out a flimsy excuse about being exhausted and fled upstairs. It had taken every ounce of self-preservation that he had not to look back at Sherlock, because he was certain that if he did he would lose it. He made a beeline for his bedroom and shut the door firmly behind him.
“Look,” Sherlock said. “I understand that you don’t want to eat right now. I rarely have a desire to eat myself. But you have to.”
The first thing that registered in John’s mind the next morning was how uncomfortable sleeping with a baby monitor under one’s pillow was. As he slowly drifted towards wakefulness, he pried his cramped fingers away from the monitor and pulled it out. It took him a moment to think of how it got to that spot, but when it hit him, his chest seized with an unidentifiable emotion.
. There were very few people John was willing to call for help, and that list was rapidly shrinking. Mrs. Hudson had just gone out of town, too. The only name left was…
John’s stomach dropped. He sank into a chair before his knees could buckle. “Tell me,” he whispered. Louder, he added, “I need to know. I’ve spent the past eleven days wondering and panicking and – just tell me.”
Something warm blossomed in John’s chest, though it was quickly shot down as he recalled their last face-to-face interaction.
Instead, he ended up with an empty bed and a silent house. He knew he should sleep, but every time he closed his eyes, he saw Sherlock being shot or worse. He saw Sherlock being taken away from him forever.
He wasn’t used to talking about his feelings, but he had to admit he felt a bit lighter now that he had. Lestrade seemed appeased for the moment, and possibly even a little touched that Sherlock had deemed him worthy enough to open up to him. As if Sherlock would go to anyone else. Considering how he couldn’t really talk to John about it, Lestrade was his best option.
It turned out that Rosie’s unwillingness to eat her breakfast that morning was a warning. Two days later, John and Sherlock found themselves dealing with a seven-month-old in the middle of a truly fantastic strop.
Having seen Sherlock interact with his mother, John could almost picture what it was like for a six-year-old version of him to be bossed around her. The image his mind created made him smile a little. “Please tell me you went and introduced yourself.”
“For being so good with Penny. You’ve been nothing short of wonderful since we moved in, and it means a great deal to me.”
Sherlock eyed him for another moment before going upstairs. John could hear him speaking to Rosie as he carried her into the bathroom. He waited until he heard the water running before pulling out his phone and calling Lestrade.
Sherlock swallowed the retort he’d prepared. John was staring at him levelly, and suddenly there was a lump in his throat. Maybe he’d miscalculated that he miscalculated.
He listened to her breaths even out, and then he carried her to her room. Carefully tucking her into her cot, he paused for a moment and watched her sleep. He marveled at how small she was, even at now eight months old. She didn’t know the horrors of the world, didn’t know pain beyond the occasional head bump or scratch. It would be impossible to shield her from it forever, but he could do his best to prepare her for it.
“It’s your past too,” he said, which was true, even if it didn’t fully explain why he wanted to know. “I’m just trying to understand and learn more about you.”
“When I realized I might never see you again,” Sherlock said. “And that you were in danger, and the only way I could save you was to break your heart. It all fit together. Like a case I had been trying to solve.” He let out a dry chuckle. “Incredibly poor timing, really. But I’ve never been good at matters of the heart.”
“I noticed you weren’t at breakfast,” John said. “And dinner last night. And you left lunch without eating yesterday.”
Confident the eggs could handle being left alone for a minute, Sherlock slowly pivoted on his heels and faced John. John was staring right at him, which startled Sherlock. He had expected averted eyes.
John grasps Sherlock’s hand, both smeared with blood. “Of course I do. I’ve felt that way since the moment I met you, you madman.”
Lestrade chuckled. “What are the odds.” He sobered then, looking at Sherlock carefully. “And you’re happy with this situation? Really?”
He knew he should call someone to help, but his stubbornness wouldn’t let him. He hated to admit that Mary had been right in that video sent to Sherlock, but it was true. He had a problem with accepting help. Hearing her say that had made his skin prickle with irritation.  He disliked being analyzed and having people draw conclusions about him like they knew him better than he knew himself. Unfortunately, he’d somehow surrounded himself with people who did exactly that all the time. It grated on his already tense nerves.
“You do,” he insisted. He sounded delirious, but he didn’t care. Sherlock needed to know. “She shot me. Your sister.”
“Of course I would, you beautiful idiot. That’s why I said it.” John grins and sets the baby monitor down on the coffee table. He approaches Sherlock and takes his hands. “Because you mean a great deal to me too, and I don’t want to mess this up. So if you need slow, we’ll go slow.”
John is undone. The synapses in his brain explode, his stomach drops to his feet, every cliché falls upon him in that single moment.
When she reached the end, she settled on the floor amongst the torn wrapping paper and gifts and stared at the door. Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and looked to the door as well.
“I can give you my theories,” Sherlock said, trying to tamp down on his enthusiasm for the case. “I can already tell you you’re looking for a woman, not a man like I know you have been. She’s thrown you off by using a knife, not typically a female serial killer’s weapon of choice, which is intentional.”
Lestrade’s eyebrows furrowed, and he put his cup down. Sherlock could see the stirrings of a question in his eyes. His first instinct was to avoid it, but he was so tired that he just let it come.
"Most of them don’t admit they have a problem,” John reminded him, echoing what the older counselor had said on their first day. “Of course this guy wouldn’t, especially if he’s a – what’d you call him? – a posh tosser.”
“She left rules behind too. He isn’t allowed to tell us where he is going until he gets there and finds the next puzzle.” Mycroft moved some papers around on his desk and pulled out a map of the UK. John saw there were four black Xs scattered around: One up by Manchester, another by Cardiff, another by Ipswich, and the last one by Southampton.
“Tomorrow should have better weather,” Sherlock said, thumbing through weather reports on his phone. “We could take Rosamund on a walk. Perhaps visit the park again.”
Molly had stuck around long enough to help John get Rosie to bed, which he appreciated immensely (At this rate, he owed Molly an all-expense-paid vacation). She had offered to stay until Sherlock returned, but John waved her off, insisting he would be fine and that he just wanted to turn in for the night. That earned him a sympathetic smile from Molly, as though she knew he was lying. She probably did.
“Yes.” He paused. “When I was eleven, he got sick. There was nothing to be done.” He closed his eyes against the memory. “I sat with him when… when…”
He wanted to fling himself into John’s arms and never let go, to press his face to his neck and breathe him in, to kiss him senseless. Instead, he tapped Rosie’s shoulder. She lifted her head and looked at him. He wiped away a few stray tears.
“You weren’t ready,” said Sherlock. It surprised him just then to realize that, despite how wretched he had felt after his feelings for John were dragged out into the open, he’d made peace with how it happened. Sure, he would have liked to tell John under far better circumstances, but somehow, it had led them to where they were now.
Sherlock had a hard time resisting rolling his eyes. He detested small talk. “Courtesy of my brother. I’m not to be trusted with… with anything, really.”
For a moment, neither of them speak. Then the quiet becomes too unbearable for John, and he says the first thing that comes to mind.
Everything had gone perfectly, Sherlock had looked so beautiful, and John had been prepared to reach his happily ever after. The memory of Sherlock’s bright, hopeful eyes was still at the forefront of his mind, and despite the unfortunate turn the night had taken, John never wanted to forget the way he had looked.
“We’re having dinner,” said John. His tone suggested he was restraining himself. Sherlock couldn’t fathom why.
dammit, not his actual room) and headed downstairs. He had gotten up with Rosie over an hour ago, and when John joined them not long after, he insisted on taking over for a bit so Sherlock could shower and get dressed. That just meant that Sherlock could hear John talking to Rosie as he descended the staircase.
Rosie sniffled and looked up at him. Her eyes knocked the breath from Sherlock’s lungs. They were so familiar.
“That was – I mean that I – you don’t have to -” Sherlock clenches his eyes shut and growls. “That was good. Really good. I – enjoyed it. And I don’t want to forget about it, though I doubt I could even if I did.” He opens his eyes and looks at John.
“You can’t even look at me,” he said. John’s jaw tightened. “You invited me over because the people you wanted weren’t available, and now that I am here you can’t stand the sight of me. I repel you. You just can’t admit it to my face.”
Sherlock’s brows furrowed even as his throat clogged up. John set the cupcake on the coffee table and sat back down next to him. Even though his eyes were fixed on the flickering flame on top of the dessert, Sherlock could see John flexing his fingers in his peripheral vision.
Then he lingered there and waited to hear Sherlock’s footsteps come upstairs and disappear into the guest room.
It was all too much. Sherlock closed his eyes, his breath becoming uneven. Before he could stop himself, he took a hand from his pocket and grasped John’s. A small sense of calm immediately spread through him just from the simple contact.
Hearing him actually say it out loud was like a jolt of electricity. John felt like an idiot – and a terrible friend – for not realizing it. His previous anger and determination to make Sherlock see reason had dissipated the moment he caught up with the conversation, and now he was just desperate to fit together all the puzzle pieces that made up Sherlock Holmes.
Far away, sirens can be heard. Someone nearby must’ve called it in. It’s too late now. Sherlock’s breathing is slowing, and it’s getting harder and harder to keep his eyes open.
John nodded. “If you’re willing to tell me.” He licked his lips. “It just feels weird, knowing you for so long and yet not knowing much about you.”
His words had their intended effect, as John laughed. Sherlock smiled, feeling a lightness spread through him. John was happy with
“He’d be here if he could,” Lestrade said, clearly trying to be helpful. Sherlock gripped his teacup harder. “You know he would.”
Before John could fully calm himself down, Sherlock stepped back into the hallway. He was holding his pajamas, and he looked incredibly shy. John smiled and held his hand out. Sherlock took it and let John lead the way to his bedroom.
The lights in the waiting room seemed far too bright. Sherlock swallowed hard. “I’ll – I’ll just get the car then,” he choked out. He didn’t even wait to see if John was following as he fled the office.
Sherlock brushed John’s hair back, his eyes shining. “No more apologies for the past,” he said. “Let’s just focus on our future.”
John looked from Sherlock, with his face so hopeful, to Rosie, who was so inexplicably upset that John ached with the need to make things better. He sighed and stood up, hating how his body practically creaked.
“Can’t you see,” he said, his voice shaking only slightly, “that I am doing this to protect you and Rosie?”
“Not really… kind of? It wasn’t like we shouted at each other or anything. But it got awkward and personal and I think he’s upset with me.”
Normally, he’d just pace his bedroom before setting her back in her cot. Tonight, however, he walks back downstairs. Sherlock must’ve heard them coming down, because he’s standing by the time they reach the sitting room.
“I’ve never told anyone about Victor,” said Sherlock. He paused and tilted his head. “I’ve never had anyone
He wasn’t even upset to learn that Sherlock had deceived him into thinking Irene – the Woman – was dead. At this point, it was just another disappointment, another tiny, piercing lie to add to the pile of other piercing lies that had accumulated over the years. Lies told by Sherlock, by Mary. By John himself.
“Will you tell me the next time they’re bothering you?” John asked. Sherlock looked at him, and John was bowled over at the amount of trust he saw there.
John was torn between being relieved and more worried than ever. It was likely Sherlock was still alive, but there was a still a chance he wasn’t. The fact that he hadn’t checked in lately sent up warning signals, but they couldn’t jump to conclusions. There could be several reasons for it, and not all of them involved him being harmed or dead. John just needed to cling to those reasons.
“After I jumped,” Sherlock said. John flinched, and Sherlock immediately took another step forward. “I’m sorry.”
“Do try to remember that you only have one hand available for use,” said Sherlock dryly. John glared at him and opened the kit with said hand.
“No!” Sherlock said, his voice coming out louder than intended. Lowering it carefully, he repeated, “No. That is not my answer.”
His father wasn’t a subject he liked to dwell on ever, but for whatever reason it all came spilling out that afternoon. He should have felt mortified, or upset, but all he felt was…
John had been trying to imagine a tiny Sherlock doing housework when he realized he didn’t know how to. Picturing Sherlock as a child seemed impossible. It had crossed his mind a few times, sure. One didn’t meet someone like him and not wonder how he came to be. His life was surely a psychologist’s dream case study. However, John could honestly say he didn’t know a thing about Sherlock’s childhood, and filling in the blanks himself was impossible.
John gave a choked laugh, smiling. “Sherlock Holmes, actually admitting he needs sleep. Never would have imagined it.”
“Whoa, hey.” John sat up straighter on the couch. “It wasn’t your fault, I’m sure. We both know how Sherlock can get when he’s on a case. We don’t call him a madman for nothing. I know you did your best.”
“No,” John snapped. “Don’t even try to justify this. You told me he was alive, but you don’t even know for sure, do you? How can you, if he hasn’t made contact in days?”
Rosie stared back at him, uncomprehending. Her spoon hovered right in front of her mouth, held in place by Sherlock. There was a clump of mashed carrots on it, something Molly had promised was her favorite.
Molly’s voice was gentle, and it made John want to yell. “I’m sure it’s not as bad as you think it is. What do you think you’ve done to him to make him upset right now?”
“Living together.” John’s eyebrows rose again, and Sherlock hastily returned to Lestrade. “I can’t go.”
It wasn’t the biggest gesture a person could do, but he didn’t think Sherlock would want him to hang a giant banner from Big Ben that said “I LOVE YOU, SHERLOCK.” No, a simple dinner for the two of them would do.
He was sitting in his chair, and for Lestrade, the logical place to sit would be the armchair across from Sherlock. John’s armchair. Sherlock kept his eyes trained on the book, but he could still sense Lestrade’s hesitation. In the end, the DI sat at the table off to Sherlock’s left.
“I don’t know what this means,” John said, reaching out to touch Rosie’s hand. “I don’t know what to do about it. But it – it was something else I needed you to know.”
Mycroft took so long to respond that Sherlock nearly snapped at him to hurry up. “She never cared about John. Her real target is you. If she’s coming to London, it’s because of you.”
“What happened?” It was the only sentence John could form in that moment, because he was too worried to say anything else.
“You too?” Lestrade asked, looking genuinely surprised. John couldn’t blame him, considering how often he’d insisted he wasn’t gay. According to Sherlock, he did it all the time.
“Here it is,” said Sherlock. He had his violin case in his hands, having finally located it amongst the familiar clutter. “I don’t know how much it will help, but it could do some good…” He trailed off when he noticed John looked faintly overwhelmed. “John?”
The sight that greets him is not what he expected, but it is infinitely better. Sherlock is pacing the sitting room, his dressing gown fluttering out behind him as he moves. Cradled in his arms is Penny, fast asleep against his chest. His head is bent towards hers as he murmurs something John can’t hear.
She disappeared up the stairs, and Sherlock was left sitting on the floor. He looked from the door to the chair that had been unoccupied for months.
Sherlock closed his eyes and shook his head. Rosie was his priority right now, and she deserved a good Christmas. It was hard enough for her being without one father. She didn’t need to be down another.
John kept looking at his hand, tracking its movements along Rosie’s back. He never looked for more than a few seconds, but it was frequent enough that Sherlock knew it meant something.
Sherlock waited for John to begin. He watched as John twisted his mouth, clearly trying to formulate the best opening statement. His eyes were fixed on Rosie, his left hand was clenching and unclenching. Sherlock’s own gaze was caught on the stubble on John’s jaw, yet to be cleared away.
However, when the next day rolled around and the other boys in his cabin stumbled off to breakfast, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to join them. It wasn’t unusual for him to skip meals (He’d skipped all of them the day before, after all), but this was different. The air around him felt heavy. Moving took too much effort. It was easier to just stay in bed and count all the different poisons he knew off the top of his head.
“It’s no problem at all,” Molly chirped, and Sherlock felt himself relax. “I love spending time with Rosie, you know that.” She paused, and Sherlock thought perhaps she was taking off her coat or something. When she spoke again, he had to lean forward to hear her. “Is everything alright?”
Sherlock’s bag was on the bed, half-filled with his clothes and toiletries. The man himself stood before it, in the middle of folding a pair of boxer briefs. John’s cheeks flushed momentarily before he reminded himself of what was going on.
He wasn’t sure what that meant. He had faced some of the scariest things the world had to offer – war, psychopaths, being shot, fatherhood – and the thing that frightened him the most at that moment was losing his best friend.
Sherlock looked away from John only to make sure Rosie hadn’t crawled too far away. He was sitting on the floor, cross-legged, and was supposed to be playing with her, but she was far more interested in testing her boundaries. Her latest fixation was the stairs, and it was Sherlock’s job to make sure she didn’t attempt to climb them.
“Listening to people butcher songs is entertaining for you?” He adjusted his hold on Rosie, who was in his lap and growing more and more tired by the moment. Her head rested on his chest, and his large hand stroked her back with a tenderness he once thought he was not capable of.
And yet, it was an exquisite pain. Because as long as he felt it, it meant he was close to John and close to Rosie, and it was almost like what they had before Mary, before The Fall. Before Sherlock ruined any chance he might have had.
It’s never happened before. Sherlock has never thought he would ever feel this passionately about another human being, yet here he is, finding himself choked up with emotion just at the sight of John’s smile.
The rest of the day passed as planned. Rosie came downstairs looking a bit better, if not as happy as before. The two of them got dressed and welcomed Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Greg, and Sherlock’s parents over for Christmas dinner. Mycroft joined as well, and it was a testament of how depressed Sherlock was that he didn’t argue with his brother once. Everyone tried their best to cheer Sherlock and Rosie up, but as the night went on their attempts petered out. They left around eight, each person squeezing Sherlock’s arm and kissing Rosie’s head. Mycroft was the last to go, giving Sherlock a solemn once-over before descending the stairs and taking his leave.
He didn’t know where all this sentiment was coming from, but he didn’t quite mind. After everything he’d put Sherlock through, he thought his friend could use some kind words.
If John had noticed that simple, perfect moment between his daughter and his best friend, he didn’t comment on it. He instead took Rosie from Sherlock and slipped away while Sherlock looked at the scene before him.
“What?” He looked up to see John staring at him in awe. At least, he thought it was awe. John’s eyes had widened ever so slightly, and his mouth had fallen open. Behind him, Molly was closing the door, smiling and carrying a bag of John’s things.
He turned back to Rosie then, and Sherlock saw that is his cue to leave. “Of course. If you… need anything, don’t be afraid to call.” The silent
“Well,” said John. “That’s a dead end.” Rosie ran for the stairs just then, and Sherlock jumped up to grab her before she could start climbing them. John pinched the bridge of his nose.
“I think you’re gorgeous,” John said, his voice so quiet Sherlock almost couldn’t hear it over the gentle lapping of the lake. “Simply stunning.”
? You make it sound like it’s so simple, yet I don’t know a single thing about you. How can you tell stuff about me?”
“Oh, yes. Perfectly fine.” Sherlock picked up his coffee and saluted John with it. John nodded and tugged on the strap of his sling. It was something he had been doing more often as they approached the day he could finally take it off.
“Indeed. The police tried to look for her, but obviously they were not successful. My parents gave up hope of ever finding her, and to cope, they erased all memory of her. No pictures on the walls, no toys on the floor, nothing. I was young enough that over time I forgot about her. Mycroft has known about her all these years.” Sherlock’s lips curled into a sneer. “And he never told me.”
A slight look of embarrassment crossed Sherlock’s face, and he looked away from John. “I don’t have anything else on right now, so I thought I might as well stay.”
“You arsehole,” John whispers. “You tell me this now? After all the years I’ve spent wondering, you choose now?”
Molly smiled sadly at that. “If he promised you, then he’ll do everything in his power to follow through. He loves you that much.”
A loud clattering noise had both men jumping. Rosie, apparently done with being ignored, had flung her sippy cup onto the ground. She kicked her little legs around, making a whining noise that meant she wanted to be held.
Sherlock fixed him with a slightly irritated look. “They wanted to eliminate her from our family. It was the only way they could live with themselves. They couldn’t just bring her up casually like she’d gone off to university. She was taken from us.”
Twenty minutes later, he had a steaming plate of spaghetti in front of him. Rosie was to his left, tucked into her high chair, and Sherlock was across from him. He only had his own plate because John had insisted that he eat too. His portion was smaller than John’s, but John took the victory anyway.
Then Sherlock let go of his hand. John let out the breath he was holding in a whoosh and clenched his hand.
“I could take longer if you wanted me to.” While the coffee finished brewing, he went back to his bedroom to retrieve his dressing gown. The empty bed just made him frown again.
He flings the door to his bedroom open and starts downstairs. He doesn’t bother with the lights, partially due to his panic, but mostly because he knows his way around this flat blindfolded. Halfway down, he hears voices coming from the sitting room. Whoever it is, they are talking too quietly for John to make out anything.
“I can feed her,” Sherlock offered after a few minutes of silence. John shook his head, offering him a quick smile.
“Why are we even discussing this? He knows and he ran and now he’ll never come back here. He’ll never want to see me again. I’ve lost him.” The admission fractured his already battered heart further. He’d done so much to keep John with him, and in the end he’d failed.  The most important thing in his life… ruined.
“Going somewhere?” he managed, his throat tightening. He tried to recall if Sherlock had mentioned anything about leaving and came up empty. He’d been blindsided.
It took Sherlock a moment to remember that he never explicitly stated that Mycroft had called him. “How did you know?”
stay, even after John left him behind. And while John was admittedly alive, Sherlock still had to deal with the emptiness, the loneliness. In that sense, Sherlock was stronger than John could ever hope to be. He was
“Tea?” John asked, pulling Sherlock from his spiraling panic. Sherlock nodded and pulled the kettle off the stovetop. His back ramrod straight, he grabbed John’s favorite mug and made his tea just as he liked it.
“He missed one, yes, but he will be here for all the Christmases to come. I’ve known your father for a long time, and I know for a fact that he will do everything in his power to make sure he is with you for every single Christmas after this one. He loves you
“Oh.” Sherlock hid it well, but John could tell he was surprised. He swallowed and pressed his lips together. “It’s fine. I can understand how a revelation like that might upset you.”
“Th-thank you,” he said, cursing himself for the stutter. The man in front of him finally finished paying and left the store. Sherlock turned from the woman and stepped up to the cashier, going through the transaction on autopilot. He’d bought way too many things. This getaway was not nearly as speedy as he needed it to be.
“Welcome back,” she said with a smile. John grinned at her, and even Sherlock gave her a wave. He’d never done such a thing before.
“And my family?” This was the part that astounded John the most. It’d felt a gut punch to hear everything laid out so candidly, but he couldn’t help but be amazed. He half "Your shoes are badly scuffed, and your shorts have a hole in the pocket. If your family had more money, you’d have gotten new clothes for the summer. You mentioned earlier that I’m here because someone cares about me. Most people wouldn’t phrase it that way. They’d say I have a problem, or I need professional help. But you went the family route, which led me to believe you care about someone like me.” He paused. “Your sister is also in my therapy group.”
“Because you mean a lot to me,” he replied. “If I’m being honest – which I’m supposed to do now – the only person in this world who means more to me than you is Rosie. So, yeah, I want to know more about you. If you really don’t want to tell me, I’ll live, but I’ll be disappointed.”
He missed Sherlock. That was abundantly clear. And he wouldn’t be able to get him back until they cleared the air between them. That would require actual conversation and harsh realities, but it would be worth it if he got his Sherlock back. At least, that was what he told himself.
“Left arm out,” he instructed. A small smile started to curve onto John’s face as he obediently positioned his arm in a way that would allow him to hold Rosie. Sherlock carefully placed her in the crook of his elbow, holding his breath as he got close to John. He made sure she was settled and not close enough to hurt his shoulder before drawing back.
Sherlock was still watching him with a baffled expression. He’d drawn his knees to his chest, and John suddenly realized that he was quite scrawny. The thickness of the blankets had initially made John think he was bigger, but Sherlock was thin.
John had been berating himself for it ever since he said it. He could be good with words when he was typing them out on a keyboard, but when it came to saying them aloud, he struggled.
John’s automatic response was to deflect, but he knew he couldn’t do that. Not if he was to be open and honest with Sherlock like he wanted. It was hard going against his instinct, but he managed to coax the words out.
There was silence as Lestrade waited for him to finish his thought. John’s mouth was dry. It was one thing to say it in his head, but it was another to say it aloud to someone. It made it real. There was no taking it back once he told someone.
He recalled the way Sherlock had avoided his gaze last night before leaving the room with Rosie. They hadn’t spoken after that. Sherlock had put Rosie to bed, then disappeared into the guest room. John was too afraid to knock on his door and say good night.
“How’d I get here?” rasped John. Sherlock looked around for a moment before picking up a cup of water and bringing it to John’s lips. John smiled a bit when he saw the straw poking up past the rim. He sipped the water gratefully, enjoying the feeling of it soothing his mouth.
Molly was quiet again. John found himself looking toward the cabinet above the stove, where he’d started keeping his liquor. Having some scotch before 10 AM was probably a bad idea, but damn if it didn’t sound appealing.
“Oh.” John bit his lip. “Yeah, of course.” He wanted to fidget with his sling but couldn’t. It was frustrating.
He could practically see the frown on Molly’s face. “It sounds like you didn’t. You just texted her. And that doesn’t seem very callous to me, if he was trying to make you feel better.”
“Hopefully together,” John said, his heart warming at the thought. “I’m going to ask to move back into Baker Street with him.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes again, but it was halfhearted at best. He slumped into a chair at the kitchen table and watched as Lestrade made the tea. He would get it wrong, Sherlock already knew. Only one person had ever bothered to figure out just how Sherlock liked his tea, and he’d given up his chance to be standing in Lestrade’s position today. Because Sherlock had revealed that he loved him. And he probably hated Sherlock right now.
The expressions on everyone’s faces had shifted from curious to dumbfounded. Sherlock would’ve laughed if he didn’t hate every single one of them.
He stayed sitting at the foot of the bed, yawning with increasing frequency, until Sherlock stepped out of the bathroom. He had put his pajamas on, and his curls were damp. His feet were bare, and his skin was pink from the hot water. He still looked anxious.
“Thank you for being so well-behaved,” he said once he was finished. He picked her back up and, because he could, kissed her head once more.
“She probably needs to be changed,” said John, trying to feel her diaper. This was proving to be quite difficult, because he didn’t have his right arm available to hold onto her when she attempted to run away.
That next morning, Sherlock accompanied John and Rosie to the doctor’s office and waited while the doctor checked over John’s shoulder one last time. There was no doubt that John would be cleared, but he still found himself hoping that maybe, just
“I’m honored, then.” John’s voice was low, and he wondered why he couldn’t get himself to speak louder. “Truly. It means a lot to me that you’d tell me.”
The minute he’d shut his bedroom door behind him, Sherlock regretted it. What would have happened if he had stayed? What would John have said? What would he have done? Sherlock had a desperate desire to know, but he couldn’t just walk back out. That would make him look even more pathetic than he already felt. Instead, he laid down on his bed, turned on his side, and stared at the door. He strained his ears for possible sounds of footsteps coming down the hall, but he only caught a door closing. Molly turned up two minutes later, and he pretended to be asleep.
John took a fortifying breath and turned around. Sherlock set a small bowl of cereal down on Rosie’s tray and met his gaze. There was no judgement or anger or even fear in his eyes. There was only determination and hope.
“Ah, yes,” Sherlock said. “It died. A tragedy, really, but couldn’t be helped.” He forced a smile onto his face and took a few more steps into the room. It only made his awkward walk more pronounced. “I appreciate your concern, but right now I rather think I just need some sleep. So good night and –”
John paused in the doorway and turned. Mycroft’s expression was as blank as ever, but there was a hint of emotion in his eyes.
things and reduced everyone to tears, John included. Sherlock as he beamed at him from the middle of the dance floor when he learned he was going to be a father.
John’s lips quirked into a self-satisfied smirk. “No one could make you tenser than him. Also, he’s the only one who wouldn’t encourage you to stay. Molly and Greg both think it’s great.”
John was staring up at the moon, but he slowly lowered his gaze down to Sherlock. Sherlock watched as John’s eyes traced his face, gliding over his jaw and smoothing over his forehead. He felt naked.
The fact that this was happening the day after John reached the conclusion that he just might have feelings for Sherlock did not help things at all. He suspected it was the main reason why he was so jittery and anxious. It would be incredibly poor timing if he decided he was in love with Sherlock just as something dreadful happened to him.
It was quiet in the kitchen. John almost felt victorious, because Sherlock didn’t immediately respond. He’d rendered him speechless. It was for the best. People needed to stop thinking the best of him. He had never been anyone’s golden boy, and he didn’t want to be. Golden boys didn’t do the things he’d done.
“It was yours too,” Sherlock murmured. “But I understand. I don’t think I could have stayed if you…”
John crawled up the bed to the pillows and held his arms out. Sherlock moved into them, nestling his head on John’s chest. Any fears John might’ve had over it being awkward dissipated immediately. Sherlock fit perfectly there, like it was where he belonged. John believed it was. He drew the blankets over them and pulled Sherlock close.
“If he dies,” said John, his voice scarily calm, “I will never forgive you. And I will make your life hell.”
“He’s coming back,” he said. “He promised.” It had become a mantra for him, one he repeated countless times every day. It had started to feel stale a few days ago. He was restless and at the end of his rope. There had to be
“But I should have known,” insisted John. “It’s always been there, somewhere deep in my heart. If I’d figured it out sooner, I wouldn’t have hurt you.”
Molly had studied him for a moment before agreeing. Sherlock had been all too eager to return his attention to Rosie, who was smiling up at him like she was just as pleased as he was.
Without thinking, he let his fingers stroke Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock inhaled sharply. John withdrew his hand immediately.
Sherlock’s brows were furrowed, and his gaze was even sharper than before. It took all of John’s willpower not to look away.
"I told Mycroft on the first day that I wouldn’t change, but –” He swallowed. “I don’t want to go back to that. I don’t want to
Sherlock smiled, the sweet genuine one that he reserved only for John. “Because you love me too much to let it go unsaid.”
“But I was,” John said, and there was a quiet fierceness to his words that stole Sherlock’s breath. “And I knew it then, even, as I said it. Because really, you’ve always had the biggest heart out of anyone I know.”
“There’s nothing going on,” Sherlock said, refusing to look at him. Instead, his eyes flicked over the menu. Nothing sounded appealing.
Sliding out of bed, he crept to the doorway and peered out. The hallway was dark, and, as far as he could tell, there were no lights on downstairs. He strained his ears for further noises. This time, he caught some shuffling.
“C’mon, mate,” said Lestrade. “It might be good to have a distraction. Get out of the house. We could watch a match.”
He expected John to become frantic with concern, just like he was, but instead John just joined him in the middle of the room and examined his daughter. He put his left hand to her forehead, much like Sherlock had, and hummed.
John shrugged, chewing his food thoughtfully. “Yeah, okay. If you want.” He looked at Sherlock. “Thank you.”
John turned his gaze to him, and Sherlock nearly lost his breath at the glassy, but overjoyed look in John’s eyes. He smiled, unable to contain it.
Sherlock apparently gave up on trying to make him leave, because he turned away from the door and stalked further into the sitting room. John didn’t move from his spot. There was an odd feeling spreading throughout his body, and he wasn’t sure what it meant.
“Dada!” She tugged on the leg of his jeans. He bent down and scooped her up, feeling yet another rush of gratitude that he could finally do so again. He closed his eyes and pressed his nose to her hair.
“Okay,” said Lestrade, mercifully letting things go. He seemed to sense he’d pushed Sherlock enough. “Just don’t keep it bottled up so much next time, okay? I’m only a phone call away if you need me.”
Greg nodded sympathetically and continued to work through his suitcase. He wasn’t going to push it. John decided right then and there he quite liked Greg.
“I’m still trying to wrap my head around the fact that my husband is actually home,” Sherlock rasped before stumbling across the room and pressing himself to John’s free side. His forehead went to John’s temple, and for a moment the three of them stood huddled together, relishing being with one another once again.
), he couldn’t prevent the flood of words bubbling up in him. “The first time he saw me after Mary’s funeral was when Mrs. Hudson threw me in the
It felt like an eternity, but John finally swiveled his head to look at Sherlock. Even from a distance, Sherlock could see the pain in his eyes. They were shining in that telltale way that meant Sherlock would be shattered in a moment.
to be hurt. You – God, you deserve so much more than that. You were her friend too. You mourned her.”
Still, Sherlock felt bad for Mary. He wasn’t sure how happy she had been with her marriage, but he was certain she didn’t dislike it enough to chase after another man. His feelings towards Mary were complicated at best, and a part of him – a really terrible and awful part of himself that he banished to the very back of his mind – was grateful she wasn’t around anymore so he didn’t have to sort it out. However, regardless of what he felt about her, she didn’t deserve to be cheated on.
Relieved, and strangely happy. Maybe it was Sherlock’s presence, but he had felt safe sharing all that with him, safe in a way he had never felt with any therapist in his life. And with Sherlock’s hand in his, he was happy. Having Sherlock beside him made everything easier.
When Sherlock and Rosie returned, John was sitting on the couch pretending to watch a Bond film. His eyes flicked from the television to the door, where Sherlock was trying to make a stealthy entrance and failing miserably.
“He’s fine,” John said quickly. “At least, I think so. I hope so. I need him to be. He promised he’d – oh, God…” Panic rose up in him as he confronted the fact that he had absolutely no clue where Sherlock was or if he was okay. He didn’t know a damn thing.
“Okay,” Sherlock said, scrolling through the list he’d hastily typed up on his phone. “Next we need milk, tea, and bread. And possibly some kind of vegetables.” He looked down at Rosie. “Does your father like vegetables? And if so, what kind?”
Molly reemerged from Rosie’s room a few minutes later. She looked at his full plate and shot him a disapproving look as she reheated it in the microwave.
John cleared up after they were done, and as he walked to the sink, he pecked both Rosie and Sherlock’s heads. There had been a slight hesitation in John’s step right before he did it for Sherlock, and Sherlock had to actively work not to drop his teacup.
“Yeah,” said John slowly, like Sherlock was being an idiot. “And I’m a doctor. I’d know if this was bad, and it’s not. Babies get colds all the time. It’s because of their immune systems.” John’s lips quirked up in amusement. “Do you not have that stored in your Mind Palace?”
John swallowed and gave a nod. “Right. And, you know, other things. But Rosie, yeah.” He glared at his sling. “Though she’s been doing well lately in terms of sleeping through the night.”
“Not much longer,” Sherlock said, eyeing the sling. A heavy feeling settled in his gut. He had begun to associate the removal of the sling with his leaving John’s house, which made him feel guilty. John clearly wanted it off, and Sherlock wanted him to be happy. It was a good thing. It meant John was finally healed.
He was nearly at the last bed – Sherlock’s bed – so he moved forward the last few steps to stand at the foot of it. Sherlock had drawn all the blankets around himself, despite it being sweltering outside. The only part of him that John could see was a riot of dark curls and a flash of white skin underneath it.
Tomorrow they would be going their separate ways. The next time they’d see each other would be uncertain. But at that moment, under the moon and the stars, it didn’t matter.
“How could I have known? I mean, aside from that first night, the only things I had to go off of for you and romance were Irene and Janine.”
about this that makes him feel utterly content, even if seconds ago he’d been having the worst panic of his life. One might think that Sherlock Holmes with a baby is something that would seem unnatural, but this is perfect.
"I took my first hit when I was thirteen,” he said, focusing on the water before him. “I’d read something online about how cocaine can make a person think more clearly, and I was in the middle of a difficult case. I wanted to prove to everyone that I could actually solve it, but I’d hit a dead end. I was desperate. So, I found a dealer willing to give me some stuff – not an easy task, let me tell you – and I injected it straight into my arm. I solved the case the next day.”
John sat on the bed. Sherlock’s pajamas had been tossed amongst the blankets. Biting his lip, John picked up his gray shirt and brought it to his chest. He lowered his head so his nose was pressed into the fabric and inhaled. That indefinable scent that was Sherlock’s still clung to it. His eyes watered.
Sherlock should have known this. And really, deep down, he did. The evidence was all there, from John being shot to Sherlock’s brief time with Eurus when they were children. However, in his determination to put his forgotten little sister from his mind, back when he thought Mycroft was going to handle it, he had ignored Eurus’ very clear motivations. And now he would pay for it.
“I believe he’s smarter than her,” said Mycroft. John could detect faint desperation in his voice. “He knows how to take care of himself, and he will not give up until she is dealt with.”
It was out of his mouth before he could stop it. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes.” His eyes widened. He’d never told anyone the whole of it.
She was the only bright spot in his life. When Mary had been pregnant with her, John had felt some doubts. He didn’t know how he and Mary would be as parents, considering everything that had gone down between them, and he didn’t know if he would be a good father. A former army doctor with a love for danger who suffered from PTSD wasn’t exactly an ideal candidate to raise a child. And there were times, usually at night when he’d lie awake and stare at the ceiling, where he wondered if he even wanted a child. It used to be a dream of his when he was much younger, but he had been a different person then. Someone with fewer scars, with less blood on his hands. Someone who wouldn’t follow a self-diagnosed sociopath without hesitation into danger.
John trusted him to the point of placing his daughter’s well-being in his hands. Sherlock felt lightheaded, his heart both full and strangely empty. He didn’t understand the latter until he remembered he couldn’t bear to raise Rosie without John by his side.
Glancing over his shoulder as he filled the kettle with water, Sherlock could see Rosie had what he called her John Face on. It was the one she wore when she was being particularly stubborn.
He leaned back in his chair, drawing a mournful creak from it. The counselor leading the session, Greg Lestrade, fixed his gaze on Sherlock. He was interrupting Harry’s talking time with his rickety chair. In response, he slowly straightened back up, the creaking sound being getting even louder. Greg’s eyes narrowed.
He hesitated. He was always afraid to answer these sort of questions. Their frequency had only increased the closer they got to Christmas, though they had still been a common occurrence before the holiday season arrived.
John laughed. Sherlock felt pleased with himself. “I’m surprised you didn’t dress up as a pirate every Halloween.”
“Watson,” he said, keeping his voice low once he reached the nursery. “You’ll wake your father up with your crying.”
It took a great deal of effort to open his eyes, but he succeeded in prying them open just a smidge. The lights were turned down for him, but it still felt too bright. He grumbled in discomfort as his eyes slid shut again. Off to his right, he heard the groaning of a chair being pulled forward.
Since he was sitting on John’s right, he was spared the smack on the arm he was sure he would have gotten otherwise. Instead all he got was a glare that was tinged with amusement.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over him, taking everything in as they always did. It was immediately apparent why he was there, and it made Sherlock’s stomach turn with a mixture of excitement and apprehension.
The waiter returned with their drinks, and Lestrade lifted his coffee mug towards Sherlock as if toasting him. “That’s why we’re such great friends.”
John walked Sherlock to the door, their hands entwined. Just as Mycroft said, there was a black car waiting on the street. He wanted to smash it to pieces.
It was a good thing Sherlock would be gone for an hour or so. John didn’t know what he would do when he saw him again, or what he would say. What
Upstairs, John could hear the bathtub draining itself and Sherlock’s deep voice rumbling. He thought he could burst with all the emotions he had inside.
Sherlock set the pan on the stovetop and turned to face John. There was something in John’s eyes that confused Sherlock, and he was afraid to classify it. If he did and he was wrong, he would end up just as he always did: heartbroken and disappointed.
“You better drink that,” Lestrade said. “John instructed me to make sure you eat and drink something.”
“Four?” he choked out, then coughed to put his voice back to normal. John looked at him curiously. He added, “I didn’t realize it was so soon.” He thought he had at least five days left.
Something in John’s expression both softened and steeled itself, somehow. John reached across the table and placed his hand on top of Sherlock’s.
Once they realized they were doing more talking than eating, they retreated to the sitting room. Like so many nights before, they sat on the couch, only this time John sat closer to Sherlock than ever. He had turned his body so he was facing Sherlock, and his knee was touching Sherlock’s thigh. The lights were dim. John’s head was resting on his hand, his elbow propped against the back of the couch.
Panic starting to rise within him, he shoves his covers off and hurries to Penny’s cot, situated in the corner of his bedroom. His heart leaps to his throat when he sees she isn’t there. Her favorite stuffed animal – a puppy – lies forgotten.
“Nope,” Greg replied. “It’s rare that this happens, but occasionally a camper can get out of group if they make enough case for having private sessions. Or if their parents have enough money. Somehow, I suspect Sherlock has both.” He shook his head appreciatively. “I don’t know what you did, but you got through to him. I’m impressed.”
Because his admiration – appreciation, adoration, no word seemed right – went beyond physical aspects. Sherlock was, as he’d known from the beginning, brilliant. His mind was unlike anything John had ever seen, a constantly moving and evolving powerhouse. John was in awe of him.
“Mm, clearly,” Sherlock said, eyes never leaving the file. “Hence why you’re here seeking my assistance.”
Sleep sounded quite nice, but he needed Sherlock to understand. “’m sorry,” he said again. “I don’t care that you’re gay. It doesn’t matter.”
“She’s a good godmother.” John’s brow furrowed, and he studied Sherlock. “You came as soon as you heard?”
Their eyes stay locked on each other’s, neither wavering for a second. John’s mouth is dry when he speaks next.
it. For the first time in months he hadn’t been waking up every morning to a crippling depression. Rosie seemed happier too, and John was finally feeling more comfortable with being her father. He was afraid that any change would disrupt it all. And what about his relationship with Sherlock? They had only just gotten back to the level of comfort they used to have with each other back at Baker Street. What would happen if he left?
Rosie smacked her tiny fist against the tray of her high chair, reminding them that she was quite hungry and still very present. Sherlock brushed a quick kiss over her head (something he hadn’t planned to do, but still let happen) and started preparing her bottle.
“Get yourself shot,” John gets out. He presses harder, and Sherlock grunts in pain, but John pays no mind.
This chapter is for everyone who has stuck around for this long. I adore and appreciate each and every one of you, and I thank you from the bottom of my heart! <3
Thoughts of the previous night flashed in his mind. Sherlock jabbed the eggs with his spatula. “I’d say so.”
John turned her nightlight on and left the door open a crack before retreating to his own room. For the first time in days, he fell asleep easily.
“Her first word,” John marveled. “My little Rosie, talking already.” He pressed a kiss to Rosie’s head. “Where is the time going?”
John sighed and stared at his coffee. He couldn’t even drink it while being on the phone. It just wasn’t fair.
That would be his first move, he decided. He would ask Greg for advice. First thing tomorrow, when Sherlock would be preoccupied with Rosie.
“That’s – That’s actually not a terrible idea,” John said. Now it was Sherlock’s turn to appear surprised.
“I mean, I always eat my breakfast, and you’ve got to too.” He held the spoon just before Rosie’s mouth, waiting for her to take the bait. She did not.
He wanted to say thank you, to say that the last time he had been given a real birthday cake (or cupcake, in this case) was when he was a teenager, to say that this meant the world to him. All he could say, however, was, “John…”
Sherlock hadn’t looked away from him for nearly a minute now. It felt like the longest amount of time they’d held eye contact for in a while. John had forgotten what a heady rush he got from these drawn-out gazes.
Within minutes, the sitting room was covered in wrapping paper. Sherlock realized far too late that he should have gotten a trash bag out beforehand. That was something John would have remembered if he had been there.
Sherlock’s face remained blank, but John saw something in his eyes. A hint of surprise, a bit of fear. John stood his ground, watching Sherlock.
John suspected that last bit was false, but he wasn’t going to push it. Twisting his body, he reached out with his left hand and placed it over Sherlock’s hand. His fingers were tense under John’s, and surprisingly warm. John felt a little thrill go up his spine.
But John apparently wasn’t so happy, and he found himself another human with whom to form a connection.
“He’s alive,” stated Mycroft, and just like that John could breathe. It was like the air started circulating again, and a tiny part of him – the part that had started to doubt Sherlock’s continued existence on this planet – relaxed. He allowed himself a few moments to let the relief sink in before he pressed on.
“I don’t see how. The only thing this place will do is make me die from boredom. Or idiocy. Both are strong possibilities.”
John just needed to have faith in him. Sherlock had always returned to him in the past, even when it seemed impossible. There was no reason he wouldn’t do the same now. John had to believe in that. In fact, he clung to it.
“Let’s see. I know that you play the violin, and you like to solve crimes, and you barely sleep and eat because you think it slows you down, and you say you hate crap telly but you really love it, and London is your favorite place in the world, and you have an arse of a brother, and you used to have a dog, and you’re gay, and you grew up in the country, and you used to do cocaine, and you wanted to be a pirate when you were a child.” He stopped there, mainly because he was almost out of breath, though the look on Sherlock’s face also helped. “And that’s practically all of it.” He picked up his glass and took a long sip of water.
Another chapter a week later??? I know, I'm just as surprised as you guys are. I can't promise the next one will be up as quickly as this one was, but I was feeling extra inspired this week and more than a little sad, and this fic has become a thing that makes me very happy, so I turned to it when I could. I have the next several chapters mapped out too, which helps with the whole motivation thing.
“Molly told me you wanted to spend more time with Rosie,” John said carefully. “It seemed like a good solution.”
After dinner and bath time, John cuddled Rosie in his bed. She seemed to sense his sentimental thoughts and was being extra clingy. He didn’t mind. He didn’t want to let her go either.
“Because I’m not an idiot,” Lestrade said. “Contrary to what you may think.” He paused. “And Mrs. Hudson told me.”
“I know,” Sherlock said, trying for some levity. It got John to give a small, wry smile. Then he looked back at the scars.
Like John said, Rosie’s cold began to fade over the next couple of days. He had pulled out the humidifier and plugged it in in her room, and he sent Sherlock to the store for some saline drops to help clear her nose. Sherlock ached to give her proper medicine, because he knew it would help, but John said babies couldn’t take it.
There was a slight temptation creeping up on him. He still had some bottles of liquor tucked away in the cabinets downstairs. He could pour himself a glass or two. They might make sleeping easier, which really was all he wanted.
Morning dawned slowly, and with the kind of peacefulness that comes after a long, hard week. For Sherlock, it had been more than one hard week, but despite all the traveling he’d done (not to mention all the puzzles and verbal sparring with his deranged sister, plus the constant threat on his life), he felt perfectly well-rested when he woke up that morning.
“Oh, Sherlock.” Mycroft sounded so patronizing, Sherlock wanted to reach through the phone and strangle him. “They won’t be able to stop her.”
John tore his gaze away from Rosie and nearly let his jaw drop. Sherlock was laden with so many bags that he didn’t know how he managed to get everything, plus Rosie, from the store to the car. Sherlock didn’t pay attention to his shock as he strode into the kitchen, setting all the bags onto the table.
After John left, Sherlock didn’t continue packing. He sat on the bed and stared at his bag, aching to take everything out of it. Him leaving was always inevitable, but not so soon. The plan was for him to stay until John got the sling removed. Then he would return to Baker Street and mourn all he had lost. But he thought he had more time to prepare.
“Redbeard?” he asked, once he was certain he’d been quiet for too long. Sherlock didn’t seem to notice, apparently caught up in his task of draping a comforter over the bed.
Something soft and warm landed on his hands. He opened his eyes to see it was John’s hand.  His expression exuded compassion and understanding.
Sherlock huffed, looking away from him as his cheeks pinked with embarrassment. “Why would I need to know about babies and their susceptibility to the common cold?” In reality, he was quite certain he did in fact have that bit of knowledge tucked away, most likely from a case, but he didn’t want to admit how he wasn’t able to call it up at that moment.
The soft glow from the solitary lamp they had on lit Sherlock’s face, creating a little halo around his curls. His fingers twisted the fabric of his trousers. “For a time. But then he moved on. And I did too.”
Sherlock's gaze was on his book. “I just mean – it’s best you don’t see me every day. You’ll probably get frustrated with me, or annoyed.”
and for God’s sake, Sherlock felt like a teenager. A lovesick teenager. He despised it. Resented it.
“I know that nothing I can say will ever be enough to make up for what I did. But I know I need to try. You deserve better.”
“I’m fine,” he said. He didn’t even have to put much effort into the lie, because it didn’t feel like a lie anymore. Perhaps it wasn’t. His hands’ shaking had finally lessened, and the cravings he’d felt in the early days of his detox had gone away. “I just want to help. I
Sherlock swallowed. He untangled his hands and let John slip his fingers between Sherlock’s. John squeezed, a soft pump of pressure. He never looked away from Sherlock.
Something caught his eye. A thin, raised line, stretching from Sherlock’s back toward the front. It didn’t make it very far onto his side, but it was still visible from where John was sitting.
“And yet, I still managed to fall completely and totally in love with you,” said John. “So, I think we’ll be okay.” He hesitated and bit his lip. “That is, if you want it, too. I don’t want to force you.
“Why do you care?” Sherlock asked. He’d meant to have it come out viciously, like an insult. Caring wasn’t an advantage. John should know that, especially if he was to become a doctor. Instead, however, it came out meekly. Pitifully. Sherlock hated himself for it.
Sherlock was glad John barely flinched at that. “But that’s just the thing. Every time you and I make a tiny bit of progress, we go days without seeing each other and we end up at the very beginning. Maybe this would help us move forward instead of backward.”
John was feeling pretty confident about it as he got into bed that night, but when he woke up several hours later, shocked out of a dream in which Sherlock bled at his feet, he felt doomed.
“Go on back to Uncle Sherlock, love.” He didn’t need to tell her twice. The sentence was barely out of his mouth before she was off again, right back to Sherlock. She let out a cry of what John assumed (hoped) was happiness before she threw her arms around his legs. Sherlock looked stunned for a brief moment before scooping her up and settling her against his hip.
“Don’t think like that. Those are dangerous thoughts to have, especially in a mind like yours.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “You want to protect me, and I want to protect you. So, let’s protect each other
Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly, and he opened his mouth to reply when he was cut off by a voice from the other side of the door.
Sherlock whirled around. John stood in the doorway, his hair rumpled with sleep and his eyes rapidly sharpening. He looked from Rosie to Sherlock, worried.
Sherlock shook his head as if to physically erase the thoughts from his mind and focused again on his reflection. Same weird eyes, same alien face. At least the facial hair was gone.
Sherlock looked from her to John, who was steadfastly not looking at him. So much for things returning to normal between them.
“Well.” Uncertainty flashes on his face. “What will she think, her father being in a romantic relationship with his flatmate?”
“Couldn’t let you… get hurt,” Sherlock mumbles. John stills for a moment before increasing the pressure on Sherlock’s wound.
Clearly, they had a wonderful time at lunch together, and Molly was unwilling to disturb it. They were in such a good place. She stood up, her book held to her chest.
“My…” He dropped his gaze to Rosie, who had lost interest in the woman and was back to focusing on him. Her chubby hands reached up, clearly in search of his scarf. She whined when she couldn’t find it.
“They’ve been a bloody couple for years,” Greg declared. “They’re just the only ones who don’t know. Something tells me they’ll figure it out soon though.”
Sherlock sighed, and after a moments deliberation, nodded. John paused, trying to find a way to say it delicately. Though, really, there was no way to bring this particular topic up delicately, but after everything that had happened – everything he’d done – he needed to know more. There was a text thread on his phone that he had not deleted yet, and any time he considered it he found himself hesitating before going through with it. Why, exactly, he wasn’t sure.
He tried to ignore that last part. If he even began to let himself think he had actually had a chance with John, then he feared he would truly fall apart. It was as he said to John. They needed to move forward, to stop being bogged down by the past.
John Watson is an anomaly. He’s a person who looks utterly ordinary on the outside, but is the most fascinating person Sherlock has ever met. Sherlock thinks he could spend hundreds of years studying John and would still be confused about who he is. And while that’s an odd sensation for Sherlock, he knows why he feels this way.
“You can’t honestly tell me you don’t have stories to tell. For one thing, everyone at this camp has a story, whether they want to admit it or not.” John looked at him fully, grinning. “And you can’t have a name like
John wasn’t an idiot. He knew exactly what they were. At some point in Sherlock’s life, he had been whipped. Repeatedly. Possibly within an inch of his life. For an indeterminate amount of time, he had borne those scars under his clothes, hidden away from the world.
“Well,” John huffed, “I’ll just make sure she has better role models for talking.” He glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. “She might end up saying ‘idiot’ and ‘obvious’ too much, but you could be a worthy candidate.”
John’s voice was soft and almost hesitant when he spoke. “After all these years, we’ve never once celebrated your birthday. And I know that this year was… less than pleasant. I just thought that maybe…” He rubbed the back of his neck, looking uncertain now. “I thought maybe we could celebrate tonight.”
He hated how complicated everything had become. He still didn’t know how to fix it, but he had to start somewhere.
The days continued to pass by until only twelve hours remained. At eleven o’clock the following morning, Mycroft would pick Sherlock up and bring him back home. He’d ask lots dull questions about Sherlock’s time away while deducing whether or not Sherlock had been fixed. They would arrive at the family home in Sussex, and Sherlock would be reintroduced to the monotony of his life.
for once in his life. Sure, the entire situation often left him riddled with guilt and confusion in the hours where the two of them did not communicate, but when it was happening, it felt like… like a drug. The comparison was a bit unnerving, but he realized it was true. To find out that it was all a sham, that she had only been doing it for some crazy, still-unknown plan was disappointing, and it left him empty and reaching for something he couldn’t see.
Sherlock had been thinking of this all day – all week, really – and he’d prepared exactly what he wanted to say. His heart was beating so fast, he was surprised he hadn’t gotten a heart attack. He clasped his hands together – no longer shaking – and took a deep breath.
E stood for Eurus. Eurus Holmes. The woman he’d been texting (been cheating with), the woman who was his therapist, the woman who shot him… was his best friend’s sister.
Sherlock’s stomach dropped. He hadn’t exactly forgotten about her, considering how John carried the reminder of her every day in his sling, but he’d forgotten she was a problem. Mycroft said he would take care of it, and Sherlock trusted his brother to do so.
“You think I’m repulsed by what you told me,” Sherlock said, and his voice was so soft that John wanted to cry.
“Not tonight,” replied John, feigning nonchalance. Sherlock’s brows furrowed. “I just need to take care of something.”
“Not the point.” John moved until he was close enough to smell Sherlock’s scent – sweat and blood, a combination he was not a fan of – and dipped his head to try and assess the damage. “Tell me what happened.”
It was an innocent mistake. It wasn’t like that woman knew the situation. How could she? She wasn’t like him. She couldn’t read an entire person’s life through the clothes they wore or the dirt on their shoes. And, really, it was logical to assume the child nestled against his chest was his own. It was unlikely he would be carrying around someone else’s kid.
“Now,” he said seriously. “Miss Watson. It is eight sixteen in the morning. That means it is breakfast time. You are too young to start skipping your morning meals. I myself waited until I was thirteen.”
John snorted, though it wasn’t out of any real amusement. “He left early this morning and I’m actually grateful for it because I don’t know what to say to him.”
But there was a part of Sherlock that hoped (traitorous, awful hope) that John would be different. He was already different in the way he’d complimented Sherlock instead of insulting him. That alone was a shocking, but not unpleasant discovery. But there was more to it. John treated him like a real person, not a burden or a freak. He spoke to Sherlock in a kind manner, with sparkling eyes and a gentle smile. Sherlock had been unable to think of anything else for the past two days.
Sherlock nodded and sat back in his chair. John’s eyelids were getting heavy again, and he was really looking forward to letting them stay closed. He’d almost drifted off again when he remembered another thing he had to tell Sherlock.
“Thank you. That was kind of you,” John says, far too late to be casual. “Though I’ve rather mucked it up now, haven’t I?”
They hurt so much, and at least thirty-seven percent of the pain was due to the tears clinging to John’s eyelashes.
The truth was, he missed Sherlock more than he’d ever missed anyone. It was like when Sherlock had jumped off Bart’s, only worse because he knew Sherlock was still alive and would let him into 221B if he asked. But he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
Sherlock bit his lip. He knew John was right, but he was still unwilling to leave them behind, especially since he only had a few more days with them. He had wanted to soak up every minute. With the way John was looking at him, though, he didn’t really have a choice.
Something hard and cold settled into John’s chest. On top of everything, he was a hypocrite now. Lovely.
Then he heard it. A faint thump, from downstairs. Every single one of John’s nerves jumped to high alert. His muscles tensed. He quieted his breathing.
“You want to run to Daddy?” Sherlock asked. He set Rosie on the ground and made sure she was steady on her feet before letting go. John noticed he’d placed her on the grass instead of the pavement, and he felt the warmth in his belly grow.
There was something achingly domestic about this whole exchange that had Sherlock feeling wistful. The look on John’s face suggested he was thinking the same thing. He let his hand fall from Sherlock’s arm and stepped back.
“Then you didn’t cheat on Mary. You were just talking to someone else. That someone just happened to be a woman. You did nothing wrong.”
Lestrade scoffed, and John faced him, leaning back against the sink. There was a fight brewing, and he was ready. He craved it, in a sickening way.
Sherlock shook his head. “It’s fine. You can’t help it.” He paused, staring down at his book. “What were you thinking about?”
“But there is,” John insisted. Sherlock stared at him blankly. John rolled his eyes. “She likes the sound of your voice, Sherlock. It soothes her.”
“I could say I’m surprised, but I don’t want to lie.” John snorted. Lestrade’s voice was serious when he spoke next. “Are you sure you’re both ready for that?”
Worry crept up Sherlock’s spine as he took in each detail. This couldn’t be good. John hadn’t been like this in at least a week. He had been
It was all wrong. There should be a second person in the kitchen with him, bumping into him and pinching his arse playfully. There should be someone who would wrap his arms around him and nuzzle his ear. Someone who would playfully chastise Rosie for shaking her presents before watching her open each one with serious interest.
The thought made him unbearably sad, so he pushed it down. With a kiss to her cheek, he turned her back around so she was facing Sherlock.
Sherlock pressed his lips together and set his mug down. He slid off the couch and waded through the wrapping paper graveyard to get to his daughter. Scooping her up in his arms, he settled her on his lap and cradled her to his chest.
“Isn’t it? You said two days ago that you aren’t a good man, and you used the way you’ve been treating Rosamund as an example.” Sherlock glanced at him. “It’s getting rather repetitive.”
Sherlock said nothing, just nodded. He returned to watching Rosie, and John wondered if the faint blush on Sherlock’s cheeks was from the wind or something else.
“When he comes home,” she continued, “talk to him. Do not ignore this or brush it off. You two cannot keep running from these things.”
“Three weeks.” He looked to his daughter. “Don’t know how I’m going to manage this one during that time.”
“You’re going to have to ask me something though,” John said. His left hand was kneading his knee. “Because I don’t quite know where to start.”
This one would have been up way earlier if it didn't get away from me. I had no idea it was going to be this long, but I'm quite proud of it. I hope you enjoy, and thanks for reading!
He hadn’t even realized he’d started crying until Lestrade was by his side, brushing his tears away. His first instinct was to shove him away, lash out with a scathing remark, and retreat into his bedroom. It was what he had trained himself to do, what he had always done whenever his godawful emotions refused to be silenced and locked away. Things were better this way, he had always told himself. He preferred it that way, or at least he had before a certain ex-army doctor limped into his life. Now it was harder than ever to stifle his emotions and keep himself away from the comfort he desperately craved. After days of withdrawals, of recovering from the brink of death, after weeks of nothing but bleakness, he couldn’t hold himself together any longer.
“Oi.” John lightly thumped him on the back of his head, and Sherlock made an undignified noise in response. “I would never do that.”
Sherlock still wasn’t looking at him, instead focusing completely on Rosie. The gratefulness John felt about that was overshadowed by his intense need to know what Sherlock was thinking in that moment.
John was silent, and Sherlock wondered if he had said the wrong thing. He peered over his shoulder, trying to figure it out.
“Um, hi,” a girl with auburn hair and shredded cuticles said. “I’m Harry. I’m here because I’m an alcoholic. Supposedly.”
But then John continued to talk about his childhood, and Sherlock remembered there were far more important things going on.
“Do what?” Speaking is hard, should it be this hard so soon after getting shot? He’s been shot before, so he should know, but he can’t make the answer come.
“And that’s the problem!” He couldn’t stop his voice from raising a bit, and he immediately looked to the baby monitor to make sure he didn’t disturb Rosie. Satisfied she was still sleeping, he returned his focus to Molly, whose eyebrows had furrowed.
Despite the fact that his sling was off and he no longer required any assistance, Molly was over nearly every day, with Lestrade stopping by whenever he was free. Normally, John would’ve been annoyed by their coddling, but he knew it was necessary. He was trying to be a good father to Rosie, but sometimes his anxiety overtook him, and he required a moment alone. If they were around, he could step away without feeling too much guilt over leaving his daughter.
“When were you in Serbia?” John tried to think back to a time when Sherlock could have been there long enough to have sustained those injuries. He found an answer the same moment Sherlock confirmed it.
The game continued for another minute before Rosie lost interest and darted away again. John was thankful, because his knees were beginning to demand he get up. He started to rise, but lost his balance. What’s worse, he lost his balance on his right side. The image of him landing on his hurt shoulder flashed in his mind, and he threw out his left arm in a desperate attempt to stop it from happening.
“I wouldn’t have been able to sleep even if I tried,” said John, moving closer. “You said you would be home by Rosie’s bedtime and you weren’t. Then you wouldn’t answer your phone…”
John looked up from the letter he was writing to his mum to watch Greg pace the length of their cabin. It was the fourth day of camp, just after group, and Greg had been ranting nonstop for fifteen minutes.
“John,” Sherlock interrupted, his heart beating faster than it ever had. He gripped John’s hand tightly in his and, before he could stop himself, brushed John’s hair back with his free one. Sherlock had desperately wanted to run his fingers through John’s hair ever since he’d changed how he wore it. “I promise you, nothing has changed. Just tell me.”
“I don’t like to. He wasn’t a good man.” John glanced at him, his face blank. “You can probably deduce it.”
"You’re here for two reasons,” Sherlock said bluntly. “The first is you want to be a doctor when you grow up, so you figure this is a good place to start training. And of course, it’ll look good on uni applications, and considering where you grew up, you need all the help you can get. The second is a far more personal reason. You have a sibling here, a sister. She’s here because of you, because you looked into it and convinced your mother to send her here. Your mother followed your suggestion because you’re the only man in the house, your father having died a few years ago, and she doesn’t know how to handle your sister’s habit. You came to watch over her progress, though it must be annoying to not have direct access to her. Even if you did, I doubt she’d talk to you. She rather hates you right now.”
“John?” Sherlock’s voice drew him back into the present. John blinked harshly, dislodging a few tears. They were wiped away seconds later by Sherlock, and John felt like he was falling.
He couldn’t go on a case. He had to help take care of Rosie. He was a bit disappointed that he wouldn’t be able to get out and investigate, but not as much as he usually would be. There was something about spending the day with Rosie and John that almost seemed preferable to working.
“I’m fine,” he gasped. He rubbed his eyes with his free hand and willed his breathing to go back to normal. Molly knew better than to point out she knew he wasn’t and simply nodded.
to me.” He gestured to the cut above his brow. Lestrade swallowed as his eyes traveled over the injury.
His gun is still in his room. He could go grab it, but that would leave the risk of whoever is in the sitting room getting away. And if they are the ones with his daughter, he can’t let that happen.
Sherlock still seemed uncertain, but his shoulders drooped ever so slightly. John gave him a little smile, hoping he would calm down even further. When he didn’t, John prepared to say something else, but once again, Sherlock beat him to it.
It was no secret that he’d never had a proper relationship (Janine aside), and while he’d truthfully always wanted one with John, he just assumed he wouldn’t be good at it. Therefore, no one would actually want him as a partner.
Sherlock carefully wiped Rosie’s nose, then picked her up from where she had been lying on the couch. “And not a moment too soon. I don’t like her being sick.”
With those three tiny words, John’s spirits were lifted, and he was able to smile a little back. “I wanted to,” he admitted.
Sherlock wished he’d never said yes to lunch. The restaurant – if one could call it that, as it was more like a pub – they were in was full of people on their breaks, and each person seemed to be speaking louder than the one next to them. He and Lestrade were seated in the middle of the room, and they had been there for all of one minute before Lestrade spoke.
“We should go to the park,” said Sherlock, turning back to John after ensuring Rosie was still several feet away from the stairs. “Get some fresh air, or whatever it is people get when they participate in physical activities.”
“Of course,” Sherlock said, not pushing it at all. John appreciated it greatly. Leaving John where he was, Sherlock went back to his chair and retrieved his violin. John wiped away the last bit of moisture that stuck to his lashes.
There was a smacking noise, and John sighed. Sherlock smiled as he hopped down the last few steps and walked into the kitchen. Rosie was sitting in her high chair, her hands repeatedly hitting the little tray attached to it. There was a small jar of applesauce sitting on top. John stood before her, a spoon in his free hand.
Sorry for the slight delay with this one, my personal life got really messy and stressful in the past week, leading me to put off finishing this. It turned out to be a nice stress-reliever though, when I actually worked on it, so that was nice, and now here we are. Hope you enjoy!
John swallowed and glanced toward the stairs. He could hear faint splashing and giggling. “Yeah, well, that’s actually the reason I’m calling.”
Lestrade sighed, not at all surprised. “Two weeks now. I didn’t want to involve you because of –” He waved a hand around vaguely. Sherlock rolled his eyes and snatched the file from Lestrade’s hands. He flicked it open and scanned the pages and photographs inside. His pulse quickened as he took in all the information, a telltale sign of a thrilling case.
Lestrade grinned, and John could almost believe they were just two mates having a laugh. “I just meant I’ve seen you checking out some guys.”
Sherlock watched as the clock on his bedside table slowly ticked its way closer to seven o’clock. It was incredibly mind-numbing and dull, and he would’ve hated doing it if it didn’t help distract him from what was to come in approximately five minutes.
This was only the second time since Mary’s death that Sherlock had been inside the Watson house, and John still obviously blamed him for what happened to her. Of course he would be in pain. The man who caused her death was sitting on the floor playing with her daughter. He was in the spot Mary would have been if she was alive. It must’ve been a slap in the face for John.
“I swear to God,” said John, clenching his hands, “if you don’t tell me where he is right now, I will hit you, and I won’t feel sorry about it.”
John laughed and shoved at Sherlock. “You git,” he said between chuckles, but Sherlock heard the true meaning beneath.
“Please don’t!” Rosie chirped, still managing to be polite despite her clear desire not to be. She was raised well, though that wasn’t a lesson Sherlock had taught her.
A peek into the sitting room told him that possibility was wrong. It wasn’t until he dipped into the kitchen that he finally received some kind of answer.
There was something about John that compelled Sherlock to give in, to admit what he’d always known but never wanted to say. Maybe it was his earnest expression, or his damn sparkling eyes, or his quiet, sweet voice. Sherlock didn’t know. And that alone was an incredible thing. Sherlock didn’t
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John stiffen at his words. When he spoke, however, his voice was light.
John smiled a little, and Sherlock thought the whole room got a little brighter. For one moment, they were looking at each other with the easy camaraderie they’d always had. Sherlock wasn’t counting the hospital because John had just woken up from surgery at the time.  It was what had been missing between them for a while now, what Sherlock had missed more than anything. Now there was a chance to get it back for good.
John was silent for a moment, and Sherlock thought he was going back over the fateful day. Reconsidering his memories. Sherlock let him, didn’t say anything.
Sherlock staggered in, and at first glance he seemed perfectly normal. Dark curls mussed, no doubt having had hands run through them countless times over the course of the day. Pale skin, bright eyes, Belstaff wrapped around a thin frame. John felt a smile spread across his face.
John hesitated, then declined the call. Not a moment later, his phone started ringing again. Fed up, Sherlock snatched the phone away and answered the call. “We’re
It took a great deal of effort, but Sherlock managed to shove himself into a sitting position. John was watching him, his face devoid of any judgment or irritation. And was that – yes, Sherlock realized, it was. John’s blue eyes were sparkling with something akin to amusement.
“You can’t run from him forever,” she said gently. “Maybe you’re overthinking it. Maybe you just need to jump into it.”
Sherlock was still grinning at him. It felt normal, like the old days. John clung to it like the drowning man he was.
“Do you need to get that?” asked John, looking anxious and displeased. Sherlock fumbled with his phone, saw Mycroft was the one calling (
“Still not understanding how you lost him.” John didn’t even try to keep the bitterness from his voice. Mycroft glared at him.
“Good morning!” Molly said brightly. John almost felt himself relax. “I thought I’d call and check in. See how things are doing.”
John forced himself to relax and gave Greg an easy smile. “’s alright. People are bound to find out soon enough.” It wasn’t a terribly big camp, after all. And there were only a handful of counselors.
He grunted when the body of his six-year-old daughter jumped on top of him. She pulled herself up on all fours and hovered above him, her mouth stretched into a toothy grin.
“I know that,” Sherlock said flippantly, even though he was celebrating inside. “It really was only a matter of time before this happened, considering the rate she’s been developing at.”
However, Sherlock was thrown for a loop when John looked up at him and smiled. The smile wasn’t as easy as it could have been, and the weariness in his eyes didn’t go away, but it was genuine. Sherlock no longer knew what to think. After all this time, John Watson was still a mystery to him.
Sherlock waited to be repulsed by that idea, but the feeling never came. In fact, it almost sounded… nice. Like it was something he would feel better after doing. The realization horrified him.
“The answer is no, isn’t it?” John said, and though he tried valiantly to hide his disappointment, Sherlock could sense it. John’s words sent a frisson of panic through him, a feeling of already having messed up before things had properly begun.
feels that way. John knows his daughter is the most perfect child to have ever been conceived, beautiful beyond all measure, so on and so forth. But he is her father. Of course he would think that way.
Mycroft sighed again. Sherlock wished he wouldn’t. “There’s no use in arguing against it. You’re attending this camp, and that is final.”
Sherlock looked over at him, his eyes sweeping over John. He had nice posture, his back straight like he’d been trained to sit properly. His sandy hair stood up in little spikes here and there, a result of him constantly messing with it. (And a bit of product, Sherlock noted) His eyes were facing forward, though Sherlock knew he was aware of Sherlock watching him.
It was irrational for John to get angry, but he could feel fury bubbling in the pit of his stomach. This boy was capable of something so awe-inspiring, and people called him
“Why? You won’t need me,” Sherlock said, his brows furrowing just slightly. John wanted to smooth them out. He wanted to tell Sherlock that
“Be good,” he said quietly. Rosie grabbed his scarf, and he had to pry her fingers off before he could step away.
“Oh, come on,” John said. “That can’t be all. You adore that place more than anything, and you’ve been away for nearly a month.”
“You think we can do it?” John asked, slowly unclenching his left hand. Sherlock’s eyes flicked to the movement before going back up. He nodded.
“Sh’lock?” His tongue was heavy in his mouth, and his throat was still impossibly dry. This time, he managed to open his eyes wider, and once his vision cleared, he could see Sherlock sitting beside the bed. He was clean-shaven once more, though the rest of his appearance spoke of the recent health crisis he’d been through. His face was too pale, the bags under his eyes too dark. His skin still seemed tight around his bones.
John didn’t respond right away, so Sherlock had to look up to gauge his reaction. All the teasing had disappeared from John’s face, leaving him wide-eyed with his mouth parted. Sherlock felt incredibly self-conscious all of a sudden.
But it was hard not to romanticize every little thing when he was still floating on the high of last night.
“Oh, I just thought we’d order takeout, or something.” He looked longingly toward the pile of takeout menus by the phone. Pad Thai sounded delightful.
Rosie was on the verge of sleep, but she burrowed closer, her tiny fingers grasping his shirt. John’s throat felt tight.
Mary was long gone. Somewhere in his addled mind, he thought it was hilarious that they all had names that began with M. Hilarious and heartbreaking.
“I mean,” she said finally, a bit hesitant. “You’ve already lived together. It can’t be that bad, can it?”
watching John get all soft and – quite frankly – adorable when Rosie beamed up at him, knowing he wasn’t really a part of their world. It was
He watched as John started a little and flicked his eyes toward Sherlock before going back to his laptop. Sherlock felt a flare of irritation. “Yeah,” was all John said in reply.
Sherlock still felt like he was a bit at a loss; his mind was racing through a million different responses, but none of them seemed right. Finally, he blurted out, “If it helps, it took me some time to work it out too.”
John thought. He bounced Rosie while he tried to figure out the best way to start the conversation. He’d had hours to do so, but nothing came to him. Eventually he just gave up and prayed that when the moment came, he’d know what to say.
“Da!” Rosie squealed, squirming so energetically in Sherlock’s arms that he nearly dropped her. He rose from his chair and carried her to John.
“Stop it.” John couldn’t help but wince at the sudden fierceness in Sherlock’s voice. “You have made mistakes in your past, certainly, but everyone has. There is not a single person on this earth who is completely perfect. You are a better man than you think you are.”
John looked at him then, his eyes impossibly, achingly soft. His hold on Sherlock’s hand lessened, but he didn’t let go.
He hung up soon after that and was left with an empty house. With his left hand now free, he could very well reach up above the stove and grab the bottle that was hiding behind the cabinet door.
Sherlock huffed out a breath. “I’m sorry, okay? I’m sorry I wasn’t more careful and I’m sorry I worried you.”
John patted his knee, and Sherlock managed to not flinch away. He watched as John stood up and set down a plate on Sherlock’s nightstand. It held four slices of toast and an apple. Sherlock’s stomach growled.
"There’s nothing to tell,” he said finally. He expected John to drop it, or maybe give a half-hearted insistence that Sherlock not be afraid to speak his mind. Instead, John laughed.
Huffing out a sigh, Sherlock rolled his eyes and directed his next words to Rosie. “Your father is mocking me, Rosamund. I do not like it.”
The fact that Sherlock himself was plenty old enough to do the same and once had ample opportunity to do so was not lost on him, but he chose not to dwell on it. He certainly did not need another reminder that he didn’t know his best friend as well as he thought he did.
Mycroft sat up straighter. He almost seemed pleased by John’s words, which baffled the hell out of John.
Sherlock glanced over into the kitchen. From his vantage point on the sitting room floor, he had a good view of John. He sat at the table, reading something on his laptop. Or at least, he was pretending to read. Sherlock knew him well enough to know he hadn’t taken in a single word.
Sherlock was certain he had gone from pink to red now. His eyes widened, both caught off guard and so,
Both men exhaled, their shoulders dropping. Sherlock strode to the door and flung it open, revealing Lestrade. He held a thick file in his hands and had a wary expression on his face.
Sherlock misunderstands. “I won’t be able to live with myself knowing I ruined our friendship. It’s the most important thing to me, John, surely you must know that by now. Nothing has to change.”
John’s eyes widened, like he couldn’t believe he’d said it out loud. He glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye before speeding up a bit. “Here we are. The lake.”
Take, for example, the perfectly beautiful moment that occurred three days after their visit to the park. The little bit of nice weather they had experienced vanished, replaced by thunderstorms. Dark clouds covered the sky as rain fell in sheets. Every so often, a big
Sherlock pressed his lips together and hung up. Anything else Mycroft needed to tell him could be said in person. The room was silent, only it wasn’t peaceful anymore.
John shifted in his chair. Molly was alternating between looking at him and looking at Rosie, who was now on the verge of falling asleep in her arms.
“Then perhaps you shouldn’t get too preoccupied with the future,” Sherlock retorted. Now John was the one who rolled his eyes.
Sherlock smiled and turned his face further into John’s chest. Normally, he would loathe this kind of emotional reaction since it felt like something a schoolgirl would do. But here, right now, after everything, it felt justified, and he was going to let himself enjoy it.
Sherlock stills his movements, his eyes sliding from the papers to John. It’s difficult maintaining a neutral expression, but John is excellent at putting on a good face.
John’s shoulder ached. He moved further into the room. “But… no. That’s ridiculous. You’ll be left alone.”
“You miss him too, huh?” murmured John. Rosie looked up at him, her tiny hands curled around her cup. It could be his imagination, or his wishful thinking, but he believed her expression said she missed Sherlock just as much as he did.
“If you’re okay with it,” Sherlock said, giving him one last out. John handed the stuffed dog back to Rosie.
He sits down in his chair and settles against the cushions. Sherlock raises an eyebrow, but doesn’t say anything. Justifying his actions feels pointless, so he doesn’t. Sherlock probably understands anyway.
“It’s okay,” John said, shifting Rosie in his arm. “I figured she was with you.” He left out the part where he’d had a massive panic beforehand. Sherlock didn’t need the guilt.
At the top of the stairs, he and Sherlock both hesitated. John’s room was down to the left, but Sherlock’s guest room was on the right. John looked at Sherlock. His eyes were flitting uncertainly between the two doors.
” Sherlock hated repetition, and he usually avoided it at all costs, but in this moment, he couldn’t comprehend what he’d just heard. There had to have been a mistake. John wasn’t – John couldn’t have been – he’d just seen him a few days ago…
It didn’t have the same effect on Lestrade, however. He calmly ordered coffee for himself and water for Sherlock. Once the boy left, he looked back at Sherlock with an expectant look.
Turning his back on the empty space, he planted his feet firmly on the floor and listened. The house was quiet. Far too quiet for one that had a seven-month-old living there.
“Impossible not to,” Sherlock replied, and John’s smile widened. “I’ll be back by Rosamund’s bedtime.”
Considering how well everything had been going, Sherlock should have realized it would inevitably fall apart.
Sherlock automatically tensed. “He did when I was really young. We were – close, for a time. And then he grew up and turned into a prick.”
For the next couple days, John waited for his phone to ring. He felt a bit like a teenager awaiting a call from a crush, though his current circumstances were obviously far more serious.
“You know I’m right,” repeated Mycroft. When he spoke next, Sherlock was surprised to hear he almost sounded genuinely remorseful. “Believe me when I say that I would not ask you if this was not of the utmost importance.”
“John,” Molly said, her voice heavy with sympathy. John gritted his teeth. “He isn’t disgusted with you. He just probably didn’t know what to say. You know comforting people isn’t his strong suit.”
John kicked a rock and watched it skitter across the pavement before him. “It’s not like I can just turn it off,” he admitted quietly. “It’s an automatic thing. Always has been.”
He stopped himself before he could say it, but Sherlock swore he knew what the end of that sentence was supposed to be.
Rosie giggled and turned her face into John’s shoulder. Sherlock was aware of Molly congratulating John on the removal of his sling, but he ignored it in favor of figuring out
“You don’t have to talk about it,” Sherlock said, a bit reluctant. John looked at him, and he seemed almost surprised. He set his jaw and shook his head. He leaned forward and set his tea on the coffee table.
It was a testament to how close they had become, for John slid out of bed willingly and shoved his feet into his pair of worn trainers. He followed Sherlock out of the cabin and down the path towards the lake. Moonlight seeping through the trees lit their way. For the whole walk, neither boy spoke. Words weren’t necessary.
He didn’t know what possessed him to ask, but the need to ask it was very much there. It was probably what fueled him to start the conversation about The Woman. It was
“I’m sorry, my girl,” he said. “It’s going to be a while before I can hold you again.” He looked at his sling disdainfully.
oh my God. How’d you know all that?” John moved around the bed so he could sit on the end. Sherlock stiffened and scooted back against the headboard.
“Why didn’t you stay here?” Sherlock’s voice was quiet, almost reverent. Respectful of the past. John wanted to run.
He was dreading it. This day should be happy and filled with nothing but good tidings. Instead, it would be filled with disappointment and broken hearts.
Rosie made another soft noise, and both John and Sherlock looked down at her. Sherlock couldn’t help but think about how perfect she was, even when she was sick and asleep.
“It’s fine,” rasped John. He cleared his throat and forced his left hand to unclench. When he spoke again, his voice was thankfully more even. “I couldn’t. I just couldn’t bear to be here with all your things, and your memory…” He closed his eyes, the old feelings sliding over him like a thick coat. “This was your home,” he whispered. “This was where Sherlock Holmes lived and breathed, and he wasn’t living and breathing in it anymore, and I just
From that moment on, John allowed himself to indulge in little touches here and there. When Sherlock was laid up in bed with the shakes, John wiped his curls back from his sweaty for head and let his fingertips linger. When they sat side by side in the mess hall, John pressed their arms together. When Sherlock had fallen out of the canoe, John kept his arm around his shoulders for a while after, claiming it was to keep Sherlock warm. (It wasn’t.)
“I suppose I’m looking forward to some things about being home,” Sherlock said with a practiced shrug, pulling out a pan for eggs. “My bed, for example. The prospect of a new experiment.”
But now. Now, John was telling him otherwise. And Sherlock could see, could feel in his bones, that John was telling the truth.
“And then you fell for him,” Lestrade said, interrupting Sherlock’s whirlwind thoughts, “and you didn’t care about any of that.”
John honestly couldn’t recall the last time Sherlock had ever apologized twice in the same day, which was why he was so dumbfounded now. The second apology was the most surprising, considering how much John had been blaming
He rolled his eyes as he walked back over to her. “I have done it before, you know. Need I remind you that I live alone? Mrs. Hudson refuses to do my dishes now.”
It took every ounce of John’s self-control not to run upstairs and declare his love to Sherlock right then and there. They had waited long enough to be happy together, and he didn’t want to waste another minute.
Instead, he fetched the morning paper and sat down with his now-lukewarm coffee, his gaze occasionally straying to the paper stuck to the fridge.
John stared at him, his eyes narrowing slightly as if he was assessing Sherlock. “You do,” he said after a moment. “You really do. It’s almost like –”
“I’ve seen the worst people this world has to offer,” he said, his eyes burning holes into John’s head. “Sadists, psychopaths,
The night before he was to get his sling removed, he could tell Sherlock was trying and failing to stop himself from being sad. It was in the way his face would shutter every time he looked away from John, and in the pained creases by his eyes whenever Rosie reached for him. There was once a time when John wouldn’t have been able to tell what Sherlock was thinking (It had only been a month ago, shockingly), but now he could read him like an open book. It was plain to see: Sherlock didn’t want to leave.
John's smile returned immediately, and he set off down the path leading to the lake. Sherlock got up and hurried after him. Within a few steps they were walking in sync, their arms occasionally hitting each other.
“It’s nothing to be concerned about, Watson,” he informed her. “That noise you hear is just a byproduct of the lighting. When lightning strikes –”
Buying all the presents had been harder than Sherlock thought it would be. John managed to send him an extensive list of things to get for their daughter, and Sherlock did his very best to get everything. In the end, he only deduced seven people to tears in order to get what he wanted, and he managed to do it all with a week to spare. If his little girl couldn’t get the number one thing on her Christmas list, she was damn well going to get everything else.
"I can deduce things,” Sherlock said. “I could tell it’s your first year as a counselor because you’ve come out of your way to help someone who isn’t one of your charges. Older counselors don’t do that. Also, your tone of voice when you came in suggested that you had no idea what you were doing. And your shirt is brand new.”
He watched as her hair shortened and shifted from red to silver. As her eye color changed and was covered by glasses. As her flirtatious smile curved into a maniacal smirk.
John’s expression shifted, and now he looked devastated. Sherlock’s heart clenched at the sight. Why was it he couldn’t stop causing this man pain?
“But I asked Father Christmas to bring him home,” she said insistently. “And Father Christmas brought me all this.” She gestured to the presents all around them. “So he’s going to bring Daddy too. He
It was a tremendous waste of time.  A whole hour dedicated to talking about everyone’s problems and what brought them to this camp at this point in their lives. Sherlock could feel every mind-numbing second tick by, every moment that could’ve been spent looking for soil samples or testing the lake water. (If he was to be stuck here for seven weeks, he might as well take advantage of the area.)
“I can see that,” John replied. He looked Sherlock over quickly, resolutely ignoring the way Rosie was playing with Sherlock’s scarf. “Did you actually buy anything?”
Sherlock walked straight out onto the dock and sat down at the end after removing his shoes. Just like their first real day together, John followed suit.
“Look,” Greg said, cutting off John’s unfinished thought. “Somehow, you made an impression on him. He trusts you. This is a huge deal, John.” He smiled. “You wanted the opportunity to help him. It seems to me like you’re off to a good start.”
“That’s because you’re sick.” Sherlock felt the bed dip near his feet, and something solid brushed his ankle. He immediately pulled his legs away.
He’d been worried about this for quite some time now, ever since he applied to be a counselor. Harry had been furious with him, but he thought it was an excellent idea. This way, he could keep a closer eye on her recovery while also learning some skills that could prove useful when he became a doctor.
“It’s a fact of life, Sherlock,” John said, joining the two of them on the couch, cup of tea in hand. “She’s going to get sick a lot.”
“When we brought Sherlock in, we had Eurus’ location narrowed down to a single cottage up north. By the time he had gotten there, she was gone. However, she left behind a, shall we say, puzzle for him. The solution was her newest location.”
“But that’s exactly why he is remarkable,” Sherlock said, the words coming out easier than he’d thought they would. “I was just as astounded as you were. The thought that someone like him could be so fascinating… I never would have considered it. He wears jumpers, for God’s sake. And watches
John swallows, steels himself. “On the tarmac. The day you were supposed to leave for Eastern Europe. I know there was something else you wanted to say to me. What was it?”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “I think she’ll sleep through the night now. You can bring her back upstairs, if you’d like.”
That simple sentence sent a tremor through Sherlock’s heart. For the second time that day, he was stunned at the level of trust John put in him, after everything he had done. It was incredible.
“Could you please try not to look so surprised every time I suggest something? It got old the first time.”
His skin felt hot the way it did whenever he found himself in a terrifying situation. “He told you that?”
The angle is awkward, as Sherlock is still sitting, but John quickly remedies that by dropping onto Sherlock’s lap. Arms come up to encircle him, keeping him from falling onto the ground.
It was only when he was fully upright that John realized how close they were. If he moved even the tiniest bit forward, he would be pressed to Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock’s verdigris eyes watched him intently, and John almost felt entranced by them. They were dizzying.
John opened his mouth to object, to tell Sherlock how wrong he was, but Sherlock cut him off before he could get even a syllable out.
With a shake of his head, Sherlock walked past him and into the kitchen. “Molly will be here in three and a half minutes. I promise I will behave myself until she gets here.” John could hear Sherlock’s footsteps retreat down the hallway until they were swallowed up by his bedroom door shutting.
He sank back onto the mattress and stared up at the ceiling. The odds of either of those things happening were incredibly slim, but they would keep him sober. Because if there was even a shred of a chance that Sherlock would need him, he had to be ready. He’d let Sherlock down too many times.
After attempting to change Rosie’s diaper with one hand, he finally accepted that he was in way over his head. He dug his phone out of his pocket and called the only person he could deal with at the present moment.
Sherlock straightened and walked back outside. John watched him go before looking down at his daughter.
John nodded and retrieved two diaper bags from the sitting room. Sherlock’s chest seized. His last night at the Watsons and Rosie wouldn’t even be there? He felt like he was being deprived of something precious.
Stepping out of the black car, Sherlock Holmes squinted as he took in his surroundings. Teenagers milled about on the lawn before him, a vast majority looking just as repulsed as he felt. Most of them were making a last-ditch attempt to convince their parents to take them home, while a small few had already accepted their fate and were dutifully lugging trunks and bags into picturesque cabins.
Before he had John, Lestrade was the only person who would stand up for Sherlock. He didn’t always do an excellent job of it, and there were days where Lestrade threatened to sever all ties with him, but compared to everyone else, he was a godsend. Sherlock had respected him from the very first moment they met. He’d been very high at the time, and Lestrade refused to let him in on the case he was working on unless he was sober.
John blinked and realized his eyes were damp. He wanted all of it so badly, but he was getting ahead of himself. Everything was still so new, and he had to think it through before he started anything. For all he knew, Sherlock had given up on him and moved on. Considering it broke his heart, but it was a possibility.
Stepping back out into the hallway, Sherlock paused to listen for sounds of John waking up. A silent house greeted him, telling him John was still fast asleep.
John looked up into Sherlock’s eyes and had the air torn from his lungs. There was so much understanding and compassion in those damn eyes. They were gentle and pained and
Sherlock was about to retort that John wasn’t his handler and that he could do as he pleased, but Lestrade had already hung up. Shoving his phone back into his pocket, he grabbed his plate and sat down opposite John, who was watching him smugly.
Sherlock had always suspected this, but he never voiced it. Part of the reason for it was he didn’t want to ruin John’s happiness any more than he already had. He also didn’t want to give John the opportunity to kick him out of his life.
After being alone for so long, Sherlock never thought he could miss a person so much. But he does. He misses John with every fiber of his being. He hates living in 221B without John. The flat feels too big without him sitting in his chair, too quiet without him yelling at Sherlock for leaving fingers in the cabinet. If he could be granted one wish, he would ask for John to come back to live with him. He could take hiding his true feelings as long as John came home to him every night.
Just the night before, they had been in front of the telly watching some godawful singing competition that John said he’d developed a bit of an attachment to not long after Mary’s death. Sherlock had tensed at the mention of Mary, but John said nothing more about it. Instead, he merely sent Sherlock a small smile and turned back to the show. It had taken Sherlock another two minutes before he could relax, but once he did, the night had been quite enjoyable.
The rest of their morning passed peacefully, with John reading the paper and Sherlock feeding Rosie. After breakfast, Sherlock did the dishes while John played with Rosie in the sitting room. Sherlock could hear their laughter over the sound of the running water, and it brought a smile to his face. They sounded so happy. It meant the world to him.
, John!” The suddenness of his shout startled John. He was shaking again and John didn’t like it. “I am absolutely certain he has no interest in men because he married a woman, he’s only dated women, and every time people insinuate he and I are a couple, he insists he is completely straight.”
Only now the moment was here, and he was still grappling for words. Then Sherlock spoke, throwing John completely.
Sherlock pressed his mouth shut, unable to ignore the happy jolt that ran through his body at those simple words. Tentatively, he reached forward and took John’s hand. John grasped his tightly, like Sherlock was his lifeline.
That voice. John knew that voice so well. It haunted his dreams, heated his skin, and lifted his spirits. It both broke his heart and mended it. That voice would never speak and not get some kind of reaction from him.
“Your trip to the hospital last month says otherwise.” Mycroft’s expression turned slightly sad, and Sherlock scoffed. For the past few years, Mycroft had touted that sentiment was abhorrent and should be avoided at all costs. And yet, here he was, betraying his own philosophy.
room – having just gotten dressed. The steady good mood he’d been in for several days had evaporated at the sight of his older brother’s name on his phone, and it only got worse as the conversation continued.
For the next five minutes, the only talking that occurred was John telling Sherlock where each food item went. There was still a conversation to be had, and they both knew it, but it was easier to put it off. John focused on the task at hand, getting so caught up in it that he didn’t realize they were done until Sherlock was clearing the empty bags off the table.
“I don’t think it’s any of your business.” His tone was snappier than he’d intended, and he realized too late that his walls had jumped right back up. He was back to deflecting and hiding. And he couldn’t stop looking toward his phone.
“I was going to say,” Lestrade said, “that while his grief does not excuse his actions in any way, he’s not in the right state of mind right now. The John that blamed you for Mary’s death, the John that did
He looked down at Rosie and found her staring up at him, as though transfixed by his voice. It wasn’t the first time he’d caught her looking at him like that, yet he still found it fascinating.
The hurt look that crossed Lestrade’s face almost made Sherlock feel bad. As much as he pretended he didn’t, he really did care about Lestrade. Without him, Sherlock truly believed he would’ve taken some terribly drastic actions to end his boredom. Lestrade helped him get clean, and he gave Sherlock cases to occupy his always-racing mind. Loathe as he was to admit it, Sherlock owed Lestrade an awful lot.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over John’s face. John desperately felt the urge to take a deep breath, but he suppressed it.
Sherlock finished cleaning up dinner and walked into the sitting room to find Rosie cross-legged in John’s chair. She had something in her hands, and when he perched on the armrest, he saw it was the photo album John had started putting together once Rosie had been born. Most of the pictures in it were of the little girl, but over the years John added several of him and Sherlock. Some of them were just of Sherlock, which both pleased and annoyed him.
The ride back to the Watson house was quiet, but thankfully not awkward. John sat in the back with Rosie in his lap, clearly enjoying being able to hold her properly for the first time in weeks. At stoplights, Sherlock couldn’t resist looking back at them. The fondness in John’s expression was breathtaking.
“I love you too,” he whispered. “I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I’m sorry I didn’t realize it sooner.”
The note was pinned to the fridge, right underneath one of Rosie’s baby photos. John breathed out a harsh sigh of relief as he read over it a second and third time. He should’ve realized there was a likely explanation, but he’d found that when he came to his baby girl, logic didn’t always factor into it.
“Please don’t leave me,” John whispers. “I love you, you hear me? I love you, so you can’t do this.”
That day, Lestrade was sitting with Rosie while John headed upstairs. He started to turn towards his bedroom but paused at the top of the stairs. His eyes drifted toward the guest room – Sherlock’s room. No one had set foot in there since Sherlock left.
Wait,” John said slowly, feeling hopelessly lost and not liking it. “So he’s not in your group anymore?”
Sherlock’s dream resurfaces, and his throat feels too tight. He falls back against the couch pillow and presses the heels of his hands to his eyes.
He barely had time to prepare himself for the tiny body launching itself out of the chair, but he managed to catch her before she fell to the ground. She cried against his shoulder, and he rubbed her back as he shushed her.
All the way across the lawn, John could see Harry sitting with a group of girls. Occasionally he could hear a peal of laughter, and Harry would throw her head back. He could tell she was smiling. It left a bittersweet taste in his mouth.
to make things better. He’d allowed himself to be filled with hope, only to be left with bitter disappointment.
“First,” Sherlock said, “you clearly know quite a bit. Second…” He frowned. “How did you know I wanted to be a pirate?”
John looked down at Rosie. She sat beside him, her eyes glued to the glowing screen in front of them.
“Oh,” he said, turning to John, who looked up. “Just thought I’d tell you that you were right. About my sister.”
John had been unable to say no after that, and within twenty-four hours he and Penny had been installed in 221B.
The point was, Sherlock had trouble wrapping said mind around what was happening. It hadn’t planned for this eventuality. It didn’t know how to respond.
he thought when Lestrade arrived at John’s designated time. He dropped his eyes back down to the book he had open in his lap, though he didn’t read a single word.
Fact: Prior to Rosie being born, Sherlock was arguably the most important person in John’s life. And John once had a wife.
Mycroft met his eyes. John wasn’t expecting a response, and he didn’t get one. Figuring their meeting was over, he stood and picked up Rosie. He tucked her back into her carrier and headed for the door.
John licked his lips. “Sherlock…” he said, and Sherlock could hardly breathe. “I’ve been – well, I’ve been thinking about everything. You, me.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “Us. And I’ve realized something.”
Rosie came to a stop in front of him, stopping him from finishing his sentence. She had a fistful of grass in her hand. Reaching up, John gently pried it from her and, with a small, hastily put on smile, rubbed the ends of the grass against her cheek. Rosie squealed with delight and batted the grass away. He then drew the strands down her nose. She clapped her hands together excitedly.
“Thank you so much, Molly,” John said. He came over and gave her a one-armed hug. “I continue to be in your debt.”
"Withdrawal is starting to set in for him,” Greg continued, oblivious to John’s family drama. “His hands shake all the time. If he hasn’t realized he’s got a problem yet, he will soon.”
Molly was reading a book when John and Sherlock returned from lunch. They burst through the door, laughing in ways Molly hadn’t heard in far too long. She slowly turned the page and closed the book, trying to look casual and like she wasn’t at all bursting with happiness at the sight of them.
Because of course he couldn’t just go to bed when Sherlock was out on a case, possibly getting himself injured or worse (John didn’t want to consider worse). Back in the old days, in those rare times when he didn’t accompany Sherlock on a case, he would have no qualms about going to bed if he had an early shift the next morning or if he was just exhausted. Now, though, he doubted he would’ve been able to sleep even if he tried to. His stomach was roiling with anxiety, and he kept checking his phone for any new texts or calls.
“I was two when she was born,” he said. “According to Mycroft, I adored her.” He made a face. “As much as someone as young as I could. I must’ve been fascinated with her.”
Sherlock watches as he moves over to the couch and carefully sits down. He adjusts Penny in his arms, shushing her once more before looking up at Sherlock. He nods to the empty space next to him, and Sherlock’s eyes widen. After a moment’s hesitation, Sherlock joins them.
He wanted John. He wanted John and the softness of his jumpers and the smell of his aftershave and the warmth of his skin and the firmness of his body and the beauty of his smile and the brightness of his eyes. He wanted all of it. He wanted the John he hadn’t seen in so long.
John make a choked sound and closed his eyes. He leaned forward and pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s.
John felt a little ache in his chest. He knew the adult Sherlock faced critics and bullies frequently, but he hadn’t really considered the same for the kid Sherlock. It would make sense, especially with his personality.
“You’re doing a real good job of convincing him of it. Blaming him for your wife’s death, keeping him out of your life, avoiding him at all costs. Well done, really. The man tells you he loves you and you leave without another word.”
By the time Sherlock began declaring John as the ultimate father, John couldn’t see the monitor through the blurriness of his eyes. He blinked once, twice, feeling drops of moisture slip out and slide down into his hair.
Rosie made a huffy sound and reached for John, drawing everyone’s attention back to her. John softened, and a look of regret crossed his face.
“Oh?” John echoed, the anxiety growing in his eyes. Sherlock closed his mouth and hastened to reply.
“I don’t know, because you’ve got a goddaughter?” With any other tone, John’s words might have been disapproving or harsh, but he was teasing instead. “It’s okay. It’ll most likely go away in a few days. Until then, we just have to keep her hydrated and make sure she can breathe okay.”
Despite it being rather bright outside, the interior of the cabin was gloomy. There was an overhead light that could be switched on during nighttime, but it had been left off. Clothes were strewn across the floor, and John could spot a pair of pants dangling off a bedpost. All beds were empty, though unmade.
It took him a moment to realize someone was speaking to him, and even then he only noticed because Rosie was peering over his shoulder. He turned to find an elderly woman smiling kindly at him, a shopping basket clutched in her hands.
“She shot you, John.” That got another sound from Molly. “We have no guarantee that she won’t try to finish the job. Until she’s caught, you must be protected.”
John shook his head. “Thanks, but I’m okay. Honestly, I think we’re all set. You can go home if you’d like.”
Shaking his head, more to clear it than anything else, he took the eggs off the burner and set them aside. He pivoted to face John, who was watching him with a cautious, but unflinching expression.
“He can’t get upset with me if I’ve gotten the wrong items,” he told Rosie as he turned the cart in the direction of the milk. “He knows I don’t pay attention to these things, and he didn’t give me a list of his own.”
“Yeah?” John shoved his emotions down as best he could and raised his eyebrows at Sherlock. “All good?”
Sherlock turned over to his side, staring into the darkness of the guest room. He knew he probably reacted unfairly to John’s revelation, but, in all fairness, he could’ve reacted even worse than he did. What he’d felt in that moment had been a mix of surprise, disappointment, compassion, and heartbreak.
“I told you girlfriends weren’t my area,” Sherlock said, his voice quiet as he placed his mug in the sink. John forgot to be proud of him for it. “On that first night.”
Sherlock flexed his hands in his pockets. “I remember, thank you. Not quite sure I see your point, however.”
“I want to thank you for everything you’ve done by making you dinner,” he said. “And it’ll just be easier for you if you don’t have to travel back to Baker Street.”
“This time I’m apologizing for neglecting you. And ignoring you, and pushing you away, and making you feel like I didn’t accept you.”
“It’s about bloody time.” The monitor makes a thudding noise that, in the silent flat, sounds like a hundred pound weight hit the floor as John drops it. Crossing the room in two strides, he brings his head down and crushes his lips to Sherlock’s. His fingers knot themselves in Sherlock’s curls, and John almost cries because he’s wanted to do that for so long. Sherlock’s mouth parts in a breathy gasp, his eyes momentarily widening in surprise before they drift shut.
“Hm.” John looked thoughtful. “Yeah, I can see why you would think that makes sense. Doesn’t mean it’s the right thing to do.”
“We need to call an ambulance,” John says. He fumbles around in his pocket in search of his mobile while keeping one hand on Sherlock. Sherlock lets out a weak laugh.
"You’re thinking too loud,” Sherlock said. John blinked and looked around. Sherlock was currently stretched out on a towel on his stomach, a thick book lying open in front of him. He was eyeing John quizzically, as though John’s thoughts had disturbed his reading.
“Joining us for bath time?” Sherlock asked, Rosie perched on his hip. Normally John would sit on the toilet while Sherlock bathed Rosie. Not being able to participate was difficult, but he enjoyed watching. Nothing amused him more than seeing Sherlock get covered in bathwater due to Rosie’s excited splashing.
“I’ll tell Greg you’re not feeling well,” John said. He gave Sherlock a sad smile and left the cabin, taking some of the room’s brightness with him. Sherlock stared at the door for a long time after, nibbling on a piece of toast.
“Were you and your sister close?” he finally asked. It wasn’t what he was most curious about, but it was a start. A way to ease John in.
Then she seemed unsatisfied with anything her father did. He put on some cartoons and she ran around screaming. He offered her toys and she tossed them aside. Sherlock tried to wrangle her into her pushchair so he could take her for a walk, but she merely kicked him and darted away. John would have found it hilarious if he didn’t want to explode.
John stopped breathing. His chest felt tight. It was almost like the feeling from moments before, only it was far more unpleasant now.
A cooing noise bubbles up before blossoming into a wail, and the two men separate, looking towards the baby monitor. Upstairs, Penny’s cries grow in urgency. John lets his head fall against Sherlock’s chest.
John eyed him doubtfully. His voice was thick because of the crying. “Good? What was good about that?”
She blushed at that, still unused to people expressing so much gratitude. It was quite nice, but she didn’t always know what to do with it. One of the many things she was working on with herself. She leaned closer to John so she could whisper in his ear.
get out of bed,” Sherlock said, fully aware it made him sound like a child. That just made John’s amusement grow.
When he was finished blowing out the candle, he sat back and let his side press fully against John’s. They were there. They were at the strange, mysterious moment they had been moving toward since John asked him to stay the day prior. They had to be. Sherlock was just waiting for the confirmation. He looked to John.
“Welcome home, John,” Sherlock said as they drew close again. “Merry Christmas.” John sighed and hugged them both tightly.
Rosie giggled and reached for the scarf once more. He unknotted and pulled it off, shoving it into his pocket.
“I just really appreciate all you’re doing for us,” he said honestly. “It means a great deal to me. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
“It’s not going to happen tomorrow,” said John. “I don’t mind if it takes us another year to reach that point, just as long as it happens eventually. I don’t want to live without him anymore. We’ve spent too long apart.”
John looked at him. Sherlock wasn’t looking back, but at the kitchen table, which looked startlingly empty without its usual clutter. Mycroft’s people had disposed of everything harmful in the flat, something John was begrudgingly and immensely grateful for.
“You really think so?” Sherlock tilted his head as he studied John. He squirmed a bit under the boy’s careful gaze, though not out of any real discomfort.
No one had ever offered to listen to him. For a second, Sherlock honestly wondered if there was a second meaning to John’s words that he was missing.
seeing John wince when he jostled his shoulder too hard and knowing he couldn’t wrap him up in his arms and comfort him. It was
“Of course I do, Sherlock,” John said. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “That’s what it means when you love someone. You want to be with them. Preferably as soon as possible, and I rather think we’ve both waited long enough, right?”
Tightening his arms around her, Sherlock proceeded to lecture Rosie on the cause of thunder. When he finished that, he moved onto lightning. The sky still lit up and the house still shook, but as he spoke, Rosie appeared to be less concerned with what was happening outside and more enthralled by what Sherlock was saying. Her blue eyes were fixated on him, her mouth hanging open slightly. Sherlock began to find it harder to speak, because his throat was getting tight.
"I’m telling you, I’ve dealt with some really difficult campers, but this one’s in a league of his own.”
“I would tell you to give me more credit,” Sherlock said, wiping Rosie’s nose and willing his heartbeat to return to normal, “but even I know that’s a fair assessment.”
Once Rosie had finally eaten her fill, Sherlock started on breakfast for him and John. Taking a seat at the kitchen table, John began to read the newspaper. Occasionally he mentioned something Sherlock might find interesting, but for the most part he was quiet.
“I can see that,” John replied, suddenly soft. “I know exactly why you want to run. But, Sherlock, that’s exactly why you have to
“I just wanted to see how things are getting on,” Lestrade said. Sherlock deduced he was in his office, despite the early hour. Most likely had his feet on the desk. “It’s been a week and I haven’t heard of any murder, so I’m hoping that’s a good sign.”
” John’s tone made Sherlock snap his mouth shut. “Her death was not your fault. I should not have blamed you for it. I was hurt and angry and guilty, and I needed a scapegoat. You were it, and that wasn’t fair.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John’s hand drift towards his. Without hesitating, he reached over and met John halfway. Their hands linked together and rested on the dock between them. John’s thumb stroked Sherlock’s knuckles.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Please. You’re normal. You keep up with the bills, buy milk, clean up the place when necessary. You’re the ideal flatmate.”
Sherlock quickly checked over John and was satisfied with what he saw. His right arm was in a sling due to the gunshot wound, but the rest of him seemed healthy. He’d been eating enough and getting as much sleep as one could in a hospital. Of course, he had been suffering from extreme sleep-deprivation before the incident, so he still seemed fairly exhausted. But it was a start.
But instead, Sherlock took it all in stride. John only had to ask him once to get rid of the body parts in the kitchen cabinets. The next time he walked into the kitchen, he found it sanitized and restocked with food. Sherlock compiled a list of songs that Penny seemed to like and would play some throughout the day depending on her mood. He never complained about her crying, never scowled at her, and never made any snide comments about her drooling.
Rosie’s baby monitor was sitting on the kitchen table, and John could hear her snuffling through it. Now would be the perfect time for her to wake up crying, demanding her father’s attention, but he had feeling this was going to be a full night of sleep for her. Traitor.
He has been aware of this for some time. Since the Irene Adler case, to be exact, but he suspects the feelings had been there for much longer. He has long since accepted that he is bisexual, but it’s rare for him to find a man that he really likes. But when Sherlock waltzed into his life, with his billowing coat and messy curls and high cheekbones, John was a goner.
