Guiding the tiny hand holding the brush, the teacher explained what he was doing. “The water on your brush activates the watercolor, so it turns the water the same color as the paint.”
Now would be the perfect time too, as Tony took the backpack from the blonde and tossed it into the backseat, slamming the car door shut after it. The genius pushed his shades to the top of his head and rubbed at his eyes tiredly. Now was his chance.
Maybe it was just because she happened into his life after the incident, but he felt like there was more there. But it wasn’t something he wanted to dwell on. Just the slightest memory of the Ten Rings made Tony reach up and rub at his chest.
Despite what everyone said otherwise, Steve Rogers was strong and he would fight for his country. He worked hard and got as strong as he could. With a well-timed growth spurt and the support of an incredibly intelligent scientist, Dr. Erskine, he got himself a spot in the army.
“Okaaaaayyy,” Peter groaned, but he still had a smile on his face, so he obviously wasn’t too broken up about it. Tony shot Steve a grateful smile as the boy bounced off of his bed and ran over to give the blonde a hug. “I had lotsa fun playing with you this weekend, we should do it again next weekend!”
Steve continued to slowly wander the room, helping those who needed it and asking about their days and what they were going to be painting. Over the next couple of hours, as the kids were either picked up or finishing their paintings and going to the gym, the room slowly emptied out until there was just the teacher and two students. Peter and another first grade boy named Ned.
“It’s not like you’re hiding it well. The dark circles under your eyes are starting to give Barnes a run for his money,” Natasha rolled her eyes. “You should talk to Sam, he could help find you someone to talk about the nightmares with.”
“Would you two quit it?” Steve huffed, grabbing Bucky by his good arm away from where he’d been attempting to throttle Sam. “I swear, you two are worse than my elementary school kids!”
“Is it really so hard to believe that I’m just calling to ask how you’re doing? To ask how your most recent travels have been? Maybe I just missed the sound of your melodic voice and a phone call was the only way to soothe my aching heart. Maybe I-”
Bucky and Sam had met in a veteran's support group that Sam ran and had the hate equivalent of love at first sight. Enemies on sight.
“Go. Everything will be ok, and you’ll be the first to know if it isn’t,” Steve stood outside, making sure the other man didn’t try and make an escape.
“No, I think I’m ok. Thank you, though, Doctor Parker-Stark,” Tony wrapped his arms around his son and pulled him close. “You didn’t tell Mr. Rogers about daddy’s light, right?”
Genius. Playboy. Billionaire. Philanthropist. Absolutely shocked by the little boy dozing on top of his teenage mutant ninja turtles blanket right now.
“The man’s practically a legend, Tony,” Rhodey explained, the genius could hear shuffling as his best friend presumably started pacing in the cute way he tended to do while going on a rant. It was one of the many traits that rubbed off on him after rooming together while they were in MIT.
"It is currently 5:52 in the evening and Peter's Aftercare ends at six," JARVIS informed the now scrambling billionaire.
“You can’t. You can’t say no to the eyes. Not unless you don’t have a soul,” Tony leaned back in his seat, sitting triumphantly like he’d already won.
Peter immediately scooped up his papers and bolted back to his father. He lifted up a piece done in watercolor. There was a streak of blue at the top and green at the bottom to set the scene, and in the middle was five figures and a big, orange scribble next to them. Tony crouched down next to his son to take a closer look at the painting.
“He’s a good kid,” Tony nodded, unable to help when his eyes shot over to the paper that still lay upside down on Peter’s desk.
“You see, that’s the thing. It’s more like what can you do for me,” The genius hummed, curiously enough not making eye contact from behind today’s pink-tinted shades. “Are you free tonight?”
Busting through the doors to the Rec Center and up to the front desk, he ignored the looks of shock coming from the people behind it.
“Stoppit! No!” He squealed, managing to slip past Tony and slide over the edge of the bed opposite to him. “Oh, wait! Mr. Steve made one more thing, lemme go get it! Stay right there.” and then Peter was off like a rocket, thumping down the hallway towards whatever the amazing Mr. Rogers had created this time.
“Sounds fantastic, all the teachers are conspiring against me specifically by sugarloading my pride and joy then sending him straight home,” Tony hummed, the smile evident in his voice. “Speaking of our friendly neighborhood Mr. Rogers. Any idea where he is, Mr. McFeely?”
“I’m sorry about the new decor, too,” Steve huffed a breathy laugh that felt like it was meant to fill an awkward pause more than anything else. “Whenever we have free time during art, Peter’s always talking about Spiderman, and since he had me for the weekend…” he trailed off, glancing around the room to the other drawings placed in different places through the room.
It’s hard to imagine Peter is content spending basically the entire day away from his dad, but despite all that, the kid is constantly singing his praise. If he wasn’t such a stickler for science, Steve was sure the kid was convinced his father hung the moon.
“My WHAT???” Steve’s face was red hot in seconds, he spun to face Natasha. “That’s news to me! Why would you say that?”
Like right now how, as the blonde ordered his lunch, his childhood friend waggled his eyebrows at him from across the tiny two-person table.
“He’s been totally fine the entire time you’ve been away,” She glanced from father to son. “Maybe a little upset that you had to go away for the weekend but I assume that’s to be expected seeing as-”
“Aw, Buck - c’mon! That’s gross!” Despite his protests, Steve couldn’t stop himself from laughing. “Not at the table, and on a Sunday, no less. What would your mom say?”
“You hungry, Gizmo? ‘Cause if we don’t eat soon, it’ll be midnight, and everybody knows you can’t feed gremlins after midnight,” It was hardly even seven in the evening, but that wasn’t important.
“Would you bet money on it, Ms. Potts?” Tony raised his eyebrows, giving her a skeptical look from over top his glasses. “Did you know some of those old crones on the board are still trying to convince me to start up weapons manufacturing again? Even after that little stunt with Obie and the Ten Rings?”
“An’ I wanna hang out with Mr. Steve too,” Peter sat up in Tony’s lap, putting a hand on either side of his father’s face.
“Let me humour you?” Steve gave the stressed man a crooked grin, hands shoved into his pockets. “Feel free to completely ignore them if you want, just figured I’d offer.”
His son scooped up Spider Monkey and bounced out of his chair and over to the living room. As he set the empty plates into the sink, he could hear Peter asking JARVIS to put on an episode of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles that he’s probably already watched a million times over. Tony grabbed the container holding the cookies and fell back onto the couch next to the boy, sending him up in the air a little bit.
“I hardly think it counts as teaching,” The blonde shrugged, leaning back into the booth seats. “Most of the time it just feels like glorified babysitting.”
Steve stood up abruptly, hitting his head on the shelf he had been sorting the papers into. Nice phrasing, Peter. So much for playing it off like he hadn’t been listening in on their conversation.
"Oh-um, he's in the art room to your right. First door on the left in the hallway, there should be a sign that says 'Mr. Rogers' Art Room' and-"
“It’s all just so touching...brings a tear to my eye,” Tony sniffled, reaching up to wipe a fake tear out of his eye. “And you know what would make this sentimental little moment even better?”
“And that’s very noble of you, Steve,” Sam started, getting up from the couch to put a hand on his friend’s shoulder. “But you don’t have to take responsibility for all of the people around you. You’re allowed to say no to something if you’re not comfortable with it.”
Not because of any of the students, no. His kids were amazing like always. Maybe a little more rambunctious as February was coming to an end and spring was quickly approaching, but otherwise they were fine.
"I'm not saying that's a bad thing, man. It just makes sense why you're being so overprotective of this kid," Bucky rolled his eyes before taking a sip of his water.
“And Peter likes you,” Tony was being serious now, a tone of voice void of any sarcasm he might use with the press or playfulness he uses with his son. “He’s so comfortable around you and maybe that might make it easier for him when I’m out on business trips. I hate upsetting him like that, so maybe having someone he actually likes around while I’m away might help.”
“The dude saved over four hundred men from over enemy lines in what was previously assumed to be a suicide mission, and that’s just his first mission!” Rhodes explained, and Tony could just imagine him gesturing wildly with one hand while he did it. “Him and his team started building a reputation and earned the nickname The Howling Commandos, but it all went downhill when-”
“The teacher from Matilda,” Tony informed Steve and was met with only a blank stare in return. “Whatever, that wasn’t my best work, alright? Especially since that’d make me the Wormwoods. I was just saying that you’re a hell of a teacher for someone who just started out.”
But things had changed after Bucky was enlisted to the army almost immediately after high school. It wasn’t something he had ever been especially interested in, but when your country’s calling, you can’t just put down the phone. At least, that’s what Steve had been saying at the time. Frustrated that his laundry list of medical issues prevented him from being enlisted himself.
“We try something new every time we come here,” Tony cut in, not unkindly, from where he sat staring at the menu. Peter nodded enthusiastically.
“Because the man’s insufferable! While he’s not the worst parent I’ve ever met, he’s obviously not giving him enough attention at home,” Steve began his rant, too caught up in his aggravation with Tony to notice Sam and Bucky sharing a look. “Peter is such a smart little guy, and it kills me to know how little anybody realizes it, and-”
"How in the hell was I supposed to know that, when my student said his dad worked for Stark Enterprises, it meant he's literally the face of the entire damn company!" Steve groaned, burying his face into his arms at the diner table he was seated at.
“Please tell me you didn’t bone the guy who makes Bucky’s prosthetics,” Sam sighed, smacking at the pair of legs in front of him before just leaving them there to use as lumpy arm rests.
“You just need to get laid,” Bucky nodded his head like he cracked the code, ignoring everything his friend had just said.
"What's stopping you?" The brunette was scrolling through his phone now, letting the teacher get it out of his system.
That's why he had time to sit and reflect back on what's brought him to where he is right now. Which is, again, something he didn't like to do often.
“I’m not asking you to spill all your secrets. Just an idea as to why you’d be working for Stark under a fake name and identity would suffice,” Steve wasn’t above begging to get the information he wanted, he was all too ready to give the woman puppy dog eyes and flutter his lashes at her until she either laughed him off or told him what he wanted to hear.
“Maybe some other night, bud. We already got to spend two whole days with each other!” Steve smiled comfortingly over at the six year old. “Besides, I’m sure your dad wants to spend some time with you too.”
“Well, if he’s so into me then why doesn’t he just ask me out?” Tony asked quietly, his regular speaking voice would seem too loud in this weird silence they’ve lapsed into. “Steve does this absurdly annoying thing where he damn near reads my mind. Figured he’d know I wouldn’t be opposed to a roll in the hay by now, I’m not exactly subtle.”
Tony practically slammed into the closet door as he ran over to throw it open and throw on the first shirt and pair of jeans he came across.
As for next week's chapter, I'm not sure if I can have it posted that Friday. At latest, It will be posted Sunday. I'm taking a week off work for a college thing that's seven hours away from my house so I'm not sure when I'll be uploading but it'll be anywhere from six in the morning Friday to Sunday evening. Just a head's up.
Art was no fun with rigid instructions, so Steve tended to give a general prompt and an art supply, then let them do whatever they wanted. After all, they spent the entire day forced to listen to boring teachers prattle on all day about math and english and history. Sue him for wanting to give them something free of rules. Rules were for chumps.
“Oh, right. The mess, it’s terrible, we’re going to have to fire you immediately. Hand over the cape, ‘Captain,’” Tony smirked and rolled his eyes as he stood up to stare the other in the eyes. Well, as close as he could get to looking into the taller man’s eyes. “I’ve been raising Peter for how long now? I can handle a messy living room.”
“Mr. Steve can pick me up super easy!” Peter giggled. Tony shot a glare over to where the blonde had been on standby with the carton of apple juice.
“Sir, if I may interject, I believe James Buchanan Barnes from the Prosthesis Trials was apart of the Howling Commandos as well,” JARVIS spoke up, pulling the aforementioned man’s consent form for the procedure to attach the base plate for the robotic arm Tony had created just for him.
“Be careful talking like that,” Barnes warned, cryptically pausing between sentences. “Might make your boyfriend jealous like that.”
“Everything good up on Mars, Space Cadet?” Tony snapped his fingers, trying to bring Steve back from wherever he had drifted off to in his thoughts.
“That sounds like a lot of fun, but I’d hate for Miss Natalie to miss out on hanging with you!” Steve glanced up at Tony as he said that, hoping the look conveyed how little he wanted this conversation to end with the billionaire firing his babysitter.
“Hey guys! I’m just finishing setting up today’s activity. Once everybody’s in here we can start,” Steve called out to the small group of girls who were pulling out chairs at one of the two round tables.
“You are going to this meeting even if I have to carry you to the board room in a body bag,” Pepper slapped the file against his chest this time, commanding his attention.
“Uh, because I have eyes?” Natasha shot back, looking at the blonde dubiously. “Hell, even the blind can tell you have the hots for Tony. You don’t exactly hide it.”
Of course they had fought before, they were both stubborn Stark men. They butted heads over small things all the time. That’s just it, though. SMALL things. Never full blown clawing and shrieking and cursing at him before.
“Daddy! You’re so silly, Jarvis isn’t a person. He’s an AI!” Peter giggled from where he was bouncing on the couch, juice box spilling over his fingers and making a mess.
“Ah, yes. You’re an oh-so incredible genius. How could I forget?” Steve teased. He glanced nervously out of Peter’s room towards the living room. There were still chairs and stuffed animals strewn across the place. “Are you sure you don’t want me to go out there and help clean up? It’s really no problem…”
He sent her a location and a time to meet him at before tucking his phone away and hopping onto his motorcycle. While Natasha was doing a good job at avoiding him, he knew she wouldn’t just ignore him calling her out like that.
“I’m not sure what kind of puppy-love stories he tells you at the beauty salon where you two get your hair done at,” Tony drawled, shoving the sleeve of Bucky’s shirt up to get a better look at where the metal was fused to the remaining piece of his shoulder. This was Barnes least favorite part, so he always made sure to distract the man when it came to this part of the exam. “But there couldn’t be less going on between the two of us. Not for lack of trying, though. I mean have you seen the guy? Rivals those gaudy greek statues you find in art museums, it’s criminal.”
To top all of that, the Aftercare Explosion of February Tenth had been enough to knock Peter out on the way home while Tony had been trying to explain himself. Explain why sometimes things can’t work out like we want them to and that throwing fits like that wasn’t a way to get through life. Then, halfway through the drive, when he glanced back to see if his son was still listening, he had realized that the boy was out cold. Completely knocked dead, snoring and drooling with his neck at an angle fit for paranormal activity movies.
“God, now you sound just like Natasha,” Steve groaned miserably, covering his face with his hands. “You know she attempts to set me up with a new blind date every week? I don’t even know where she finds all these people...”
“No, it’s okay bud,” Tony sighed, the guilt of that one question weighing on his already aching chest. This wasn’t the first time the man had panicked in front of his son, and everytime it happened, Tony felt like a useless excuse of a father. Rhodey had luckily been visiting when a particularly bad episode happened, and had been there to talk him through it. When he finally had caught his breath enough to see straight, Peter had been standing right behind, Rhodes. He’d been crying and asking what was wrong with his dad. It wasn’t easy to explain PTSD in a child-friendly manner, but Peter, always so smart and so thoughtful, understood that his father needed a little extra help sometimes.
“Mr. Rogers, huh?” Natalie smiled and shook her head. “It’s getting late I should be off. Goodnight, Mr. Stark.”
“Goodness, me, Ms. Potts! Did you already forget about our meeting? That’s poor form, really. You should be ashamed of yourself,” Tony laid it on thick, sighing like it pained him to do so. “We’ll be docking your pay for this. I’m very disappointed.”
“That sounds good, man, but I’ve got a morning group at the VA in like fifteen minutes,” Sam explained, sounding distracted as he continued getting ready for his job. “Maybe we can meet up later this week?”
“It’s two in the afternoon. Which gives you the perfect amount of time to eat, shower, and get some rest before Happy goes to pick up Peter from Aftercare around six,” The CEO of Stark Industries herself called out from the nearby elevator.
“Hey, spidermonkey. How was your weekend?” Tony slowly made his way around the sulking six year old, trying to catch his eye.
“No, but he’s got a basic idea,” the blonde rolled his eyes at the sharp, caustic look the billionaire sent his way. “Not all of us can afford to drop a couple grand on fancy, A-list motorcycle mechanics, Stark.”
“Spiderman! Come help me, please!” Steve yelled from where he was sitting in a chair dragged in from the dining room, a jump rope loosely wrapped around his arms. “The evil Mr. Bubbles has me trapped, you’re my only hope!”
“C’mon, get your damn feet off the table,” Sam huffed reaching over to slap at the part of Bucky’s leg closest to him. “What were you raised in? A god damn barn or something?”
“You saw how upset he looked, Pep! I cannot, in good faith, leave my own flesh and blood to wallow in misery while I’m off schmoozing some greasy, old bastards from product management.” Tony was monologuing now, failing to notice the warning look on his ex’s face. “In fact, we should just turn around right now. You hear that Happy? Take a U-turn. This was a terrible idea and I’m going back to the penthouse right this-”
“Doesn’t matter, cause I’ve still got two inches more where it counts,” Bucky muttered, glancing down under the table.
“Oh, of course. I’m utterly swayed when every single one of them start out their offers with quaint little comments about how a ‘pretty little lady,’ such as myself, ‘would be smart to rehire our weapons manufacturers,” Pepper muttered, clicking the button to the lab a second time to make it stop glowing, and then choosing the floor to the penthouse instead.
“Everything will be just fine, Mr. Stark. You don’t have to stress about anything,” Steve tried to reassure the man who just scoffed in return.
Between waking up twenty minutes late and the lovely traffic in New York City at six in the evening, Tony was nearly forty minutes late picking up his son.
The second table had the younger students and some of the more quiet kids.There wasn’t any assigned seating in the art room but it seemed they always sat in around the same places each time.
“Howling Commandos? Where have I heard that before?” Tony mumbled, gesturing towards the ceiling as a signal for JARVIS to look that up.
Though the boy was distracted for the moment, Steve couldn’t help but wonder what had the normally content boy so distraught. As he walked around the room, helping other students with increasingly elaborate art projects, he kept an eye on Peter.
“Ok, I’ll talk to his parents and see if you two can hang out this weekend. Is that all you wanted, bub?”
Before Tony could respond, Steve sheepishly stepped into the room with a couple of folded blankets from the fort in the living room.
“No. I promise. Is this cause of the superhero pictures?” Peter mumbled, understanding instantly. The kid was too smart for his own good. His hand came up to tap against Tony’s chest. To tap against the metal casing embedded in his chest beneath the shirt. “I told him it was lasers ‘cause you have a big heart and also ‘cause lasers are cool.”
Pepper gave him a sympathetic frown. “I’m sorry, Tony. I really tried to hold this off, but I’ve been pushing this date back for months so you can spend time with your son and the board is getting impatient. I’m sure he’ll understand if you miss one weekend.”
Peter was always the last one to leave, without fail. After-care at the Rec Center only went until six, but Steve’s waited nearly an hour past that waiting for someone to come pick the first grader up. He’s always half-tempted to give the kid’s parents a piece of his mind but he’s yet to even meet them. A man deemed ‘Uncle Happy’ coming in a rush to pick him up every day.
While the teacher fiddled with his ear piece, Tony had gone ahead and requested a table for the three of them and the hostess started to lead them to their table.
“Take good care of my son and you don’t have to worry about it,” Tony smirked wickedly as the doors shut in between them.
Not that the genius intentionally put his job above his kid, like nobody hops into their car and starts driving to intentionally cause a ten car pile-up on the highway. Either way, at the end of the day it’s a burning hot mess of flaming garbage and nobody wants to actually sit down and admit that they’re the reason for the impromptu bonfire in the middle of the interstate.
“What a dreamboat. An american hero at his finest,” Tony hummed as he skipped over a link to an article from wikipedia.
“Oh, I don’t know, ‘Natalie.’ You tell me,” Steve huffed, tossing his hands up frustratedly. “What? Am I just supposed to pretend that I didn’t see one of my best friends playing secretary for Tony Stark himself?”
“There was nothing to report, sir. No scraped knees, no crying, not even a single sniffle,” The AI replied, almost sounding tired of the overbearing parenting routine.
“Later, sourpuss,” Tony grinned, simultaneously  hanging up the call and stepping out onto the common floor of the tower where he usually held social events for the company. He no longer had a fully stocked bar on the floor of the penthouse, not after he got Peter. It was as much of a babyproofing effort as it was a way to dissuade him from drinking excessively.
“Don’t be scared!” Peter called out from inside of the fort Steve and him created using the back of the sofa, more chairs, and bed sheets. The thing took up nearly half the living room, obviously built big enough for Rogers to fit in it. “Your friendly neighborhood Spiderman is here to save you!” the six year old burst out of the fort, scrambling over the couch. He was wearing one of Tony’s baggy old t-shirts that was an eye-bleeding red at one point but had died down to pink over the years, and there was a fuzzy blue blanket tied around his neck to act as a cape.
“What? No!” Now Bucky was starting to look a little flustered, finally looking away from the genius. “And for your information, his name is Sam. He’s just a friend.”
Both the Starks turned to stare at Steve, waiting for his response. Tony tried to keep the exhaustion off of his face at the idea of having to play host for the art teacher tonight, but he still felt bad about leaving his son, so he’d ultimately do what Peter wanted.
It isn't often that Steve has a minute to sit at all, really. It's no mistake that his schedule is never empty. He plans his days chock full of things to keep him on his feet and his mind distracted. For as long as he could remember, he's been a busy body. Since he'd already spent too many weeks of his life incapable of doing anything at all.
Before he could spiral any further, he caught sight of a familiar face already by their go-to bench. A quick glance at his watch showed that she was right on time, like always.
“Woah, woah! Slow your roll, Turbo,” Tony whirled around, holding his arms out in the universal symbol of chill, a takeout box in one hand and a cold slice of pizza in the other. “I was planning on doing something with Peter this weekend to make up for the business trip.”
Steve had found the job opening for an art instructor while searching through the paper one morning. They had a somewhat desperate help wanted advertisement shoved away in the corner. As quick as he could, the veteran sent in his outstanding resume that listed his many good attributes such as his education in the arts (The aforementioned half-finished graphic design degree.) and previous experience in childcare (Babysitting his best friend’s little sisters when he was thirteen.).
“Yes, Peter. I’ll be your babysitter if you really want me to,” There was instantly loud cheers coming from the boy as he hopped up onto his seat and threw his arms up in success.
Steve, though… Tony has a positive feeling about it. Steve would love the visuals, he would definitely benefit from it. And it’s not like he would be a bother, for Tony; quite the contrary, actually. Besides…
“It’s much more fashionable,” Jan replies. “I had the best time designing mine and Miss Potts’ one. You just love to be the eccentric, marvelous Tony Stark.” Her words are without malice, and Tony laughs.
Even after two years, he still marvels at how soft Steve’s mouth is. Kissing him is probably Tony’s favorite activity, ever.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve says, his tone soft as if he’s trying not to wake someone. Like he doesn’t want to spook Tony.
It’s Christmas Eve and the Tower is lit and properly decorated. They all participated: Bruce cooked dinner along with Clint, Thor brought some Asgardian mead to celebrate, occasionally helping Natasha and Tony setting the decorations in place, and Steve made eggnog.
“Save those sounds for your bedroom!” Clint yells from the kitchen, and someone behind Tony chuckles.
. He’s been Tony’s crush since forever. He’s gentle, caring, he’s a huge dork, he’s clever, infuriating, and has body for miles.
Steve chuckles. “You like it, babe?” He asks against his mouth, voice rough, and that sends another shiver through Tony’s body. God, he never wants Steve to call him anything different ever again.
All Tony can do is try to become a better person day after day, moment after moment. He never wants that sparkle in Steve’s eyes, the one he gets when he’s looking at Tony, to disappear. He never wants to crush Steve’s expectations or hurt his feelings, he never wants Steve to second-guess himself.
Tony is not sure it was a simple networking event anymore. If the guy felt comfortable enough to shoot his own damn guests, then clearly something else was going on behind the scenes. Something SHIELD didn’t bother investigating, given the ‘low threat’ of Immortus. Something the police wasn’t aware of.
The kiss they share is soft and reassuring. Steve’s lips are warm and his hands are rubbing circles on his cheeks, and Tony hums contentedly, opening his mouth a little to deepen the kiss. Tony melts against him as Steve’s expert tongue takes him apart and his hands slide in his hair. It’s familiar and teasing and burning hot, and some of the worry slips out of Tony’s mind. He kisses Steve as if trying to burn his taste and the way he feels against his tongue right in his mind.
He takes the head in his mouth and starts sucking and licking, as if trying to coax as many droplets of precome out of him as possible. Steve’s fingers tighten in his hair as he visibly tries not to buck his hips forward, and that makes Tony moan around Steve’s member.
When he’s close enough to count the droplets of sweat on Steve’s back, Tony rolls the dice and puts a hand on Steve’s bare shoulder.
Steve took the first step, actively sparing Tony from further worrying about the plan, but exposing him to a whole new category of overthinking.
The noise Steve makes goes straight to Tony’s dick, and he dives in hungrily. He’s like a starved man offered an all-you-can-eat buffet: Steve is right in front of him, his body just there for Tony to taste, and he’s
his kisses with Steve – whereas, until just a few hours back, kissing Steve was a fantasy relegated into the deepest corners of his mind. It’s like breathing properly after having spent your entire life under water. Tony distantly wonders if that’s how Steve felt the first time he took a breath after the serum.
Steve’s aborted movements ignite the fire in Tony’s lower belly, making his cock twitch. Tony abandons any trace of plan and goes down on him, taking all he can of Steve in his mouth as he tries to pull every trick he’s learned over the years at once.
Clint almost counts that as a win – before remembering that Steve usually goes jogging in the morning and Tony doesn’t.
Tony is so happy to spend another Christmas with Steve and the rest of the Avengers that being called ‘the Grinch’ would be disrespectful towards the original one.
He leisurely sips a Cosmo of the same shade of red while his eyes caress Steve’s back, muscles flexing as he pounds the reinforced punching bags. He’s wearing only a tight wife-beater and some sweatpants.
Tony scoffs – that’s not even close to his record – but Jarvis’ words seem to remind Tony’s body of its existence, making his stomach rumble and his vision swim a little.
“That was,” Tony pants in Steve’s mouth. He takes his hands up Steve’s back, his shoulders, before bringing them in his hair and pulling him closer. He steals a kiss, licking Steve’s lower lip before sucking gently on it. Steve moans a little at the sensations, and Tony smiles. He kisses Steve’s lower lip before saying, “Spectacular.”
Tony waves one hand in the air. “It doesn’t need to be comfortable. A snug fit helps his movements.”
When Steve agreed to take part in this plan, Tony had been surprised. He thought it was going to be him and Clint, or him and Thor if he was lucky.
Tony sighs as the laughter dies down. He finishes the smoothie and looks at Steve. He’s still on the stool in front of Tony, and when Tony looks up, Steve looks right back at him. He’s calmer than before, almost relaxed, and his good mood influences Tony’s, who hasn’t felt this calm since this whole ordeal started.
“I know you don’t, I know that’s just you, but— that’s what it looks like from the outside. People like Immortus, well. They don’t like that.”
, so he’s dazed enough to move his fingers just so, feeling as much of Steve’s body without actually moving his hand.
“Why is the universe expanding? Why is the sky blue?” Tony asks rhetorically. “It’s just black-market business code. It’s a sign that shows you belong.” Tony sighs. “I’m sorry, I should’ve been more thorough in explaining you how these things went.”
Steve’s voice is firm, but his body inches closer to Tony’s, effectively trapping him between Steve’s body and the punching bag. His eyes are heated and hard, hands still on Tony’s shoulder, and that’s going to get painful real soon.
Steve holds him as he kisses him thoroughly. It’s filthy, Tony’s positive he tastes of come, but if Steve’s cool, then Tony’s cool too.
Thinking about art, something else crosses his mind. “Oh!” He exclaims. Steve looks a little startled, by the sudden burst of energy. “I just remembered! We were searching for a new cartoonist, the last time I talked with Pepper. Couldn’t have been more than two weeks ago… We are probably still looking.” Tony feels like he just defeated the most insurmountable obstacle and is now holding in his hands the latest artifact he spent over a month looking for. “You should bring your portfolio to Marvels headquarters. I can put in a good word for you,” he says, smiling encouragingly.
Tony’s eyes fall to Steve’s lips. It’s involuntary. He doesn’t mean to do it. It’s not his fault Steve looks edible.
The only thing that exists is Steve, his hands on Tony’s body, his mouth parting under Tony’s tongue.
Thus, Tony cups Steve’s face and kisses him, giving in to everything he’s been dreaming about of doing for the better part of the day. Steve’s mouth immediately parts under Tony’s, allowing their lips to slide together and taste each other.
He should focus on Steve’s words. He’s doing his best to teach him some of the team’s fight moves, some of the ‘gut instinct’ that let him defeat the Adaptoid, and Tony should be grateful and repay him with attention. It’s the least he can do.
They part after a couple of seconds, barely leaning away without taking a single step back. Tony instantly misses the heat against his mouth and the faint taste of lemon tea on Steve’s lips.
Tony lets Steve’s cock pop out of his mouth with a lewd sound and looks right up at him. “You should put your hands in my hair, I like that.”
“That’s not true,” Steve says, and this time he’s sitting straight and looking at Tony right in the eyes. “It wasn’t ‘nothing’, and you know it.
Steve’s lips are as soft as before. Tony keeps brushing them with his own, marveling at how easily they slide together, Steve’s lips slightly wet from his tea.
When the orchestra is ready for the first verse, Tony and Steve are ready to take the first step of what looks like is going to be a very romantic Foxtrot.
Steve’s eyes sparkle at that. “Here I am,” he repeats. “One day, Arnie brought a newspaper. I was shivering because of the fever, and I remember the newspaper was wet, and I remember that Arnie was worried the sogginess would make me feel worse.” Steve smiles ruefully. He lowers his gaze for a couple of seconds, and Tony sympathizes. He can’t imagine being bound to a bed, not when the world is full of mysteries and marvels like it is.
Steve holds him tighter. The next kiss lingers a little longer, before Steve breaks it to whisper, “I love you too.”
He sips his Martini Dry while he returns to Steve, noticing with a surprise that he, too, has a drink in his hand. Tony feels a fraction better. Maybe he isn’t the only one nervous.
Tony ignores the warning and dives deeper on his dick, hollowing his cheek and looking up through his lashes. He doesn’t want to miss Steve’s face when he comes down his throat.
Steve is his husband now, and Tony knows he’s living on stolen time, but it’s the first day of said stolen time, so he feels even more justified than usual to turn his head a little and nuzzle Steve’s neck, before kissing it softly. Steve sighs a little at the touch and holds him closer still, tilting his head just so. Tony can feel the smile on the other man’s face as he gives him a soft, barely-there kiss.
Tony tangles one hand in Steve’s hair and kisses him. For a second or ten, the only sounds in the room are their breathing and the wet brushes of lips on lips. The new knowledge color their kiss with hope and warmth, the melancholy of before that Tony hadn’t realized he was feeling replaced easily, like the night turning into a day.
was holding his hand out for Tony. Tony swallowed and shook Steve’s hand, a warm feeling gripping his stomach as he did.
Another couple of swings and Steve placed the bottle on the cooler. From the balcony, you can hear the faint sounds of honking and sirens. The air was cool yet his whole body felt warm.
The next morning, Tony was well rested for the day ahead. He remembers he’s naked and there’s also a very naked Steve sleeping next to him. The memory of last night hit him. This isn’t the result of alcohol, he, Tony Stark, actually had sex with Steve Rogers. The sleeping man’s arm was draped over Tony’s waist. Tony slipped himself out of his grasps. He stared at Steve, the outline of his muscles, the soft lips he kissed last night and his long eyelashes that added to his attractiveness. He gave Steve a peck on his forehead before changing into new clothes. He carried the blissfulness of last night on his face. His cheeks were aching by how much he was smiling.
“I didn’t expect for things to go the way it did with Taneleer,” Carina confessed. “I was only supposed to be a temp since the woman before me was on maternal leave.”  She smiled faintly. “I…was in his office once when he kissed me. I didn’t find anything wrong since we were both single, but he was still my boss.” The smile disappeared, her youthful features now strained. “On my last day, after my lunch break, the paramedics came. I would never hurt him.”
Steve hated it when Bucky is right. Steve scanned his surroundings and did his best to find the map’s version of the buildings. Eventually he was able to pinpoint himself between Pym Hall and the Academic Center.
“Steve, I love you, but please don’t come in,” Bruce begged. “A lot of things here can explode and break easily without proper care.”
“Really?” Steve looked at him shocked. “You’ve lived in NYC for how long and you’ve never walked across the bridge?”
Clint opened his mouth then closed it then opened it again, confusion written all over his face. “I guess?”
As the day goes by, Tony and Steve’s bond grow stronger by the day. Tony noticed that Steve stays inside the tower more often. He would stay longer in the kitchen and have breakfast with the rest of the Avengers. He learned that Clint is a great cook, Thor is kind of a caffeine addict, Bruce somehow looks both well rested and tired at all times and that Natasha is scary without her coffee.
When the movie ended, Steve helped cleaned up. Natasha took the whatever leftover snack and put them in a ziplock bag. Bruce did the same, but with the candy. Clint vacuumed the area while Thor lifted the table and couch for Clint. Tony worked on the screen and asked everyone for their next movie suggestions. Steve took the empty bowls to wash.
The only person who wasn't involved in planning movie night was Steve. Tony had barely seen Steve all week. He wasn’t sure if Steve wakes up early to avoid him or if he found someplace else to stay and only comes back if necessary. Frankly, Tony was disappointed that Steve hasn't come yet. He would love to see the old’s man reaction to modern movies. Eventually, Clint and Bruce returned. They all placed the snacks in bowls. Bruce placed the drinks on the table, along with the snack bowls. Tony gave Thor good ol’ American beer to cheer him up. Operation Movie Night is a go.
As time edged closer to the start of class, more students entered the classroom. The noise level increased, but not too loud that Steve couldn’t hear his own thoughts. He tilted his head up to see the red haired woman and her friend taking their seats.
he was shit at drawing, but it was the lesser evil out of the three options given to him. The guidance counselor gave Tony a superficial smile and finished the rest of his schedule. When senior year came, art became Tony’s last period.
Thor loudly shushed them. “Friends, we are watching a movie, please show some respect to the actors.”
The teacher rolled her eyes and ordered him to sit. Among the bored-faced students, all the seats were taken, except one, right next to the blond haired boy he’s now infatuated with. Tony quickly moved to his seat. Steve sat next to him and across from them were two other students who barely paid Tony any attention.
When Steve walked into the living room the movie was already playing. The sitting arrangement looked the same as last time, Thor at the end, Clint and Natasha next to each other and a gap between Bruce and Tony. He already knew where to sit. “What are you guys watching?"
Bruce approached them with his own plate of burgers and a bottle. “I can only find water in the cooler, what happened to all the soda from movie night?” He asked Tony, motioning his head to the cooler.
From the corner of his eyes, Tony noticed Steve walked in. The blond man approached the two, his body awkwardly stiff for some reason.
For a moment Steve didn’t say anything, but stared at the screen. “Sure.” Thor scooted over for Steve to sit. Tony felt a ping of sadness  “What movie is this?”
When the time for his official birthday was approaching, Steve changed into a semi formal outfit. 7 pm was the time Tony told him to arrive to balcony. When 7 pm hit, Steve went to the balcony. Just as Steve theorized, it was a barbecue. The party was decorated in red, white and blue party supplies such as balloons, tableware, napkins, and table covers. Tony really wants to hammer the “Steve is America” joke he teased about earlier.
Steve Rogers woke up to sound of the Star Spangled Banner. Slowly opening his eyes, he didn’t see anyone in the room. He groaned and cover his head with the pillow. The music finally stopped. Steve tossed the pillow aside and sat up.
Two weeks after the barbecue, Steve’s birthday is approaching. Mentally, Tony has been preparing what to do for his birthday. Steve’s only been out of the ice for a little more than a year. Technically he hadn’t have a birthday party since 1945 — if he even celebrated his birthday during the war.
Steve blinked. “Mens rea?" He questioned. Everyone, including Fury was staring at him. He closed his laptop and stood up. "Right."
They continued chatting and drinking beer. When Tony realized they’re having a bit too much, they called it a night. Steve slept with Tony on his mind.
Thirty minutes. Professor Fury was behind closed door for at least thirty minutes now. He’s closed in there with his two associates and the client he swore to get her conviction removed, but after what the surveillance video revealed, professor Fury must have to break that promise. From the muffled yelling that could be heard from the other side of the door, Steve knew that they were in deep trouble.
Later that night, Steve decided to hammer down on his studying. Papers and index cards were spread across his bed, some fell onto his floor. His laptop was on the reading provided by Professor Fury. Steve chewed the butt of his pencil, staring hard at his notebook. So far, he has only came up with ten defenses, half he found online from previous homicide cases. He pulled down his laptop and scrolled through the reading for the 12th time of the night.
“Not really, I love it, you know that. I mean, it does get a bit annoying when I’m out to dinner or anywhere really, but I manage.”
“Sorry, I just got off the waitlist yesterday and didn’t get the reading until this morning,” Steve answered truthfully. While semi-truthfully since he didn’t find out about the reading until 2 minutes ago. Fury’s cold expression didn’t budge. He was stone faced at Steve’s pathetic excuse. Steve’s eyes went to his laptop then back to Fury to answer the question as best as he could, “Allegedly, Carina Tate’s intent was to kill her boss.”
Tony shrugged. He never really thought deeply about his trauma before. Rhodey had brought up before, but Tony always changed the subject. However, changing the subject now wouldn’t work because he knew damn well Steve won’t let it go. “Well Steve, I’m not the average man,” Tony interjected, “and it’s not that tragic. I became Iron Man, I’m still on Forbes’ top 10 richest men alive list and sure, I nearly died, twice, but it’s not that bad.”
Tony Stark never believed in love at first sight. The idea of automatically liking someone the first time you meet them didn't make sense in Tony’s mind, but he didn’t expect to be attracted to Steve Rogers. Near the end of junior year, Tony’s guidance counselor said he needed to take at least one Visual and Performing Arts class in order to graduate next year. The guidance counselor gave Tony three options: band, theater or art. Playing any type of instrument was ruined for Tony ever since his father forced him to learn the piano. Tony still flinched whenever he walked near or heard a piano. Theater sounded like it wouldn’t be enjoyable and Tony wanted to have at least some fun with the class so he settled with art. Tony
Steve nodded, unsure if he dug himself a bigger hole for himself. He vaguely remembered the date on the article was from August 28th of this year, too early for it to be settled. “The case hasn’t reached a verdict, it’s still ongoing.”
“Bucky and I used to hang out here all the time.” Steve glanced over to the road. “There were less cars though.”
On the couch the arrangement went like this: Clint and Natasha sat at the edge with Natasha’s legs draped over Clint’s lap, Thor sat at the other end, Tony and Bruce sat in the middle with a gap between them. The empty space between Tony and Bruce distracted Tony from the movie. His eyes kept wandering from the screen. He watched Thor’s odd reactions more than the movie itself. Tony leaned over to grab a handful of popcorn and shoved it into his mouth. While going in for another handful, in comes the Star-Spangled man himself.
"Congratulations, friends! I knew this would eventually happen, took longer than I expected in my opinion,” Thor said. “Will you two be getting married some time in the future?”
“No, of course not. We just, fuck, we have to go slow, alright? The first time is a bit overwhelming, okay?”
He sighed. “Leave me alone, Clint." He decided to leave the party early. He did have to finish upgrading his hand pulsers.
It happened fast. Steve entangled his fingers in Tony’s hair and pulled him forward in what Tony considered the most messiest and best kiss he ever had. Blood rushed to his head. It felt like a dream, this is too good to be happening, but he knew it’s real. He kissed back, harder than Steve did, grabbing the back of Steve’s head to deepen the kiss.
Tony just grinned then walked out of the classroom. Steve stared at Tony’s direction for a minute. He sighed and decided he should head to the library to study up on torts.
Eventually, they reached Steve’s motorcycle. Their walk had finally ended, much to Tony’s dismay. Steve climbed on then Tony. The engine started to purr.
“At the Brooklyn Bridge,” Steve answer. He wore a sheepish grin. “I thought you were some guy who was all talk and no action, but that night, you…subverted my expectations. How about you?”
Steve stared at the kettle as if completely immersed in its appearance. Slowly nodding, Steve grabbed his coffee cup and held it out for Clint to pour into.
For the first time, Tony can confidently say he slept well, even though it was only for three hours. His sleep was dreamless, but nevertheless he got some hours in. He woke up more refreshed than usual. This time, he made coffee. A couple of minutes after the coffee finished brewing, Clint arrived in the kitchen. Clint’s eyes were heavy and he mumbled something incoherent to Tony before plopping himself down on the chair.
Professor Fury stood tall. His intimidating presence silenced the class. The tense atmosphere gave Steve goosebumps. Professor Fury didn't say anything for a full minute, his eyes scanning his students as if he was analyzing them right there and then. Steve stared at his professor and for a second, they locked eyes. Steve immediately darted his eyes down to his lap, his heart racing.
The bell rang and half of the class already darted out of the classroom. Steve grabbed his books to put in his bag. Tony reached out his hand, but stopped and place his hand on the desk, pretending to check his watch. Steve stood up and Tony’s head shot up. Tony felt his face grew more and hotter as he stared at Steve.
Steve Rogers scolded himself for not going on a school tour before deciding to go to Chester Phillips. Holding a map of the school’s campus and wearing a backpack stuffed with notebooks and heavy textbooks, basically screamed “HELLO, I AM A NEW STUDENT”.  Steve realized he made another mistake. Bucky told him to go to explore the campus a day before his classes started, and he didn’t listen.
Steve mumbled a yes and bit his lips, eyes still closed, prepared for what’s to come. Tony went slow just as he promised. He gasped then moan as the burning pain quickly morph into pleasure. Tony watched Steve’s face to judge when to push further into Steve. Each thrust felt blissful. Steve’s tight, not too tight thanks to his prep, but it squeezed his cock in just the right way that his stomach coiled with pleasure.
Tony watched as Steve left the classroom. With Steve gone, Tony was the only one left in the classroom. He slumped down in his chair and released a long needed sigh. He pinched his nose and shook his head. “Shit,” he whispered. Tony decided to sit up and breath, “
On the first day, Tony was anxious. He didn’t know anyone taking art since everyone he interacted with, took it during their underclassmen years. Tony was the last student to come in, much to the teacher’s dismay.
“So, Steve,” Tony started. He mentally grinned at Thor’s annoyed face. “Were movies this great back then, Steve?”
He changed into his sleepwear then exited his bedroom. His mind wandered to Tony. He hasn’t seen him since he entered the training simulator.
Tony shrugged. “I don’t know, it’s pricey though.” He decided to join Natasha on the couch, but he sat on the armrest instead. “Okay, what’s on the menu…Steve-“ the man perked up when Tony pointed to him. “Menu ideas?”
Later during the week, Natasha suggested a movie night for the team. Everyone except for Steve, who was absent at the time, agreed Fridays will be movie night. First, Tony would gather everyone’s movie suggestions then have Jarvis pick two movies from the list, and by Thursday night everybody votes on which movie will be played the next day. Today, Mad Max won. Bruce and Clint took the initiative to buy snacks for everyone. Natasha prepared the living area while Tony set up the movie on the screen. Thor sulked on the couch after being told he isn’t allowed to bring Asgardian beer for movie night because 1) no one drinks at the movie theater and 2) no one wants to die tonight.
He turned his face away before Tony could noticed the color change. “When do the fireworks start?” Steve asked, avoiding the man’s gaze.
“Not really sure.” Tony shrugged. He hadn’t pinpoint when he started to like Steve, but knew it was longer than Steve’s answer. “I think either on the Helicarrier or ever since you moved in.”
Tony dipped his head to capture Steve’s lips. Steve kissed back with the same hard pressed excitement as Tony. His hips went at a slow and steady pace. He wanted to bring out every beautiful moans from Steve’s soft lips. Tony increased his pace a bit, each thrust filling Steve to the brim. Their bodies were pressed together and the skin on skin contact sent exhilarating shocks throughout their bodies. The grinding of skin on skin, the steadily growing pace of Tony’s hips was enough to bring them both to a climax. They stayed in an embrace as they let the temporary euphoria from their climax dissipate. Tony slipped out of Steve’s arms and collapsed next to him, chest still heaving. A smile crossed his face when he saw Steve’s content face.
God, Tony can taste the disappointment. He sighed, okay, maybe he’ll let his guard down this one time.
Steve walked southwest and passed two buildings. He stopped to stare up at the building. He stared down at the map then at the building looming over him. The sign confirmed he was at the right place. Steve put the map in his pocket. His stomach churned as he entered the building and then the classroom.
Tony groaned in exasperation. He swears feeding three genetically modified humans, a norse god and whatever the fuck Clint is is seriously draining their food supplies.
“I want it to be modest and small. I’m not a fan of huge celebrations, I know a shocker for you,” Steve teased. He sliced up the fruits and slipped it from the cutting board and into the blender.
Silence. The silence was eating Tony alive. He wondered what’s going through Steve’s mind right now, what was his thinking into coming to his room this late? He knows damns well it isn’t to just thanked him for his party because he has done it so many times throughout the party.
Steve noticed how close Tony’s hand was to his. The heat rose up in his chest and to his throat, suffocating him. Bit by bit, he moved his hand closer and closer to Tony’s. He moved his pinky on top of Tony’s, his heart slamming furiously against his chest, almost about to burst out at any second. Then Tony’s picked curled into his and squeezed it slightly. Relief washed over Steve, a cool sensation of satisfaction. Tony didn’t have to say anything as this was all the confirmation Steve needed to know.
Steve turned his head. He struggled to bring his breathing back to normal, but manage to crack a smile. He softly kissed Tony's cheek. "Amazing."
Strangely, Tony felt his chest warm up at the image of his arms around Steve’s waist. “What? You drive fast?”
Steve stood up. He glanced down at his notebook, searching through the list of crossed out sentences for one not crossed out.
“I do come with great ideas,” Tony shot back. Instead of leaning against the counter, Tony sat down on one of the stools.
Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist, the latter’s eyes shot up. “You sure?” Steve answered with a nod and a grunt, the grinding still continued and Tony started to feel delirious with heat. Tony kept cursing in his head as this was everything he wanted, but he didn’t expect to happen so soon, maybe 3 months into their relationship, but, right now Steve’s eager grinding is clear indicator that Steve doesn't care about waiting . “Uh, Jarvis! Lock the door!”
Steve and Tony walked side by side on the path. For the first time, Tony is hanging out with Steve and it doesn’t have anything to do with SHIELD or Avengers Tower. Maybe they will go from work buddies to actual friends.
"Good. So we established the actus reas, what about the mens rea?" There’s a pause as Fury searches for a name to call on next. “Steve Rogers."
Steve finished blending his smoothie. He took his glass and headed to the living room. He spotted Natasha laying on the couch, who was watching the news. He figured he would join her.
After taking Steve’s recommendation in consideration, Tony did just that. He carefully placed his arms around Steve’s waist, their bodies a centimeter away from touching each other. Tony can feel the warmth crawling up his throat.
They left the conversation like that. Steve couldn’t come up with a retort to defend himself. He finished the rest of his smoothie and decided to find somewhere else to relax.
Steve stared at Tony’s lips and he fantasized what it would be like to kiss him. He caught himself biting his own lips in response and his face turned red in embarrassment.
“At the time? Yes,”  Steve answered. In the background, Thor crossed his arms and slumped further into the couch. “I mean, everything was in black and white, but going to the movies was an experience.”  The old man’s expression is wistful and reminiscent. The expression holds for a minute as he stared off. However it falters, the expression screws into an expression of sadness mixed with disappointment. Everyone else looked at him worried.
“Exactly, Tony, you nearly died and you don’t even have a super serum inside you that could have saved you.”
“I understand. I see why everyone was panicking earlier." Bruce nodded along. Awkward silence took over once more. Steve spoke first, "Hey, I'm grabbing some food, either take out or pizza. I was wondering if you wanted to relax for a bit?"
Fury set his briefcase on the desk. He turned around and faced the class, saying nothing as he scanned the class.
“Surprisingly, the asshole in the group is a create cook,” Tony quipped. He had already finished his burger and is now drinking beer.
He contemplated whether it was worth getting up to get ice cream and potentially see someone or worse, Steve. He contemplated further on taking a long vacation to avoid having to confront his man crush on Steve. If Steve was a woman, this would be easier to deal with. He can handle crushes on woman, but Steve is technically his first crush on a man.
Tony noticed Steve’s hesitation. There was an adrift look on his face as Steve stared at his coffee mug.
Delicately, he removed his fingers. Then he slipped on the condom and squirted more lube on his fingertips to prep Steve. Steve closed his eyes and allowed himself to immerse himself in the moment, feel the heat radiate off of Tony, feel each intoxicating touch by Tony that fills his chest with lust. He ached for his touches. It’s been so long since he had anyone touch him.
Steve thought. Last movie night, he didn’t join them. Tony said he left everyone worried. He felt he owed it to everyone to join them this time.
Tony left his room and headed to Steve’s room. The door was close. Light peeked through the bottom of the door. He knocked.
Out of impulse, he glanced over to Steve, who was now laughing and smiling with Natasha. His mind was conflicted, but he isn’t going to give Clint the satisfaction of confirming his suspicions.
"I can show you," Steve said, "but you have to go undercover. You okay with not being in the limelight?"
Tony collapsed on his bed. His face was burning, actually his whole body felt as if it was on fire. He brought his hand to his face, reminiscing Steve’s hand on his. They touched pinkies for god sake! He cursed in his head. His chest won’t stop pounding.
“It was good,” Steve answered. He placed the bowl on the rack and turned off the water. Tony handed him a towel. “Though I didn’t like, ‘it was all a dream’ ending.”
His eyes lingered on the messages. He chewed his inner cheek then turn his phone off. Another sigh and Steve decided he should take a break. There was barely food in his apartment so either pizza or chinese was his best option. He'll go to whichever is the closest. Steve grabbed his jacket and headed out his apartment.
“Three days ago, I took Tate’s case after she fired her previous lawyer,” Fury explained to his students. All 80 of students were crowded into his living room. He stood in the center, next to him sat the client, Carina Tate. Steve was stuck on the stairs with a few other students. She looked like she was fresh out of high school, too young to be involved in such a heinous crime.
Clint and Natalia. The only two people in class who’s names he knows, did not like him. He congratulated himself for a great start.
Steve’s eyes are wide, his mouth slightly agape. He sighed, lips pressed to a thin line. “It does.” He paused. “I had a whole year to adjust after SHIELD rescued me and its still a struggle everyday.”
During their ride, Tony forgot how beautiful the city looked at night at ground level. He’s used to flying over the city, watching as the city that never sleeps continue to move. He’s been used to flying above the city that it eventually lost the charm it had, but this drive with Steve is slowly reminding him of it. Steve is quiet during the drive. As much as Tony wished Steve would talk, he figured it would be best to leave the Captain alone until they reached their destination. Tony decided to lean closer into Steve, tightening his embrace and rested his head on Steve’s shoulder. Steve smelled nice. Tony couldn’t describe the scent, but it was comforting. He was also soft -surprising for a muscular superhero. Warmth swelled in his chest and, shit, was he actually…? No, it’s just their shared body Tony had to rationalized. Tony quickly distracted himself by watching his surroundings.
Fury let a small smirk onto his face. “Pack up your things class. We’re going on a small road trip.”
Thor, who Steve remembered at the stairs of Fury’s house, came up with the defense that the doctor did the blood work too late for him to detect any aspirin in Mr. Tivan’s blood, therefore exonerating Ms. Tate from the crime. Natalia’s defense was that Mr. Tivan mistook the aspirin for his medication and that Mr. Tivan’s glasses weren’t on him when he took the aspirin. Clint’s, finally learning his name, defense was that Gina did put the pill on his desk, but she never intended to kill him, only scare him. Bruce went and instead of discussing a defense for their client, but how they could spin it to benefit the victim. He mentioned how he analyzed the background of jurors and most come from a low-income class similar to Ms. Tate. He theorized if they emphasize Ms. Tate’s background that it would swing juror’s opinion on her. When Bruce sat down, Steve immediately believed that Bruce definitely won that assignment challenge.
"Yes, are you okay with it?” There was no malice in his tone just a genuine question about his comfort level. Tony nodded. Steve climbed up on his motorcycle and Tony followed. “Don’t be afraid to grab me, actually its recommended you should.”
“Look next to you. The person you sat next to will be your partner for the rest of the year,” Mrs. Larsen said, earning a mixed of groans and relieved faces from the class.
Breakfast wasn’t the only thing Tony had planned. Tony told Steve there is another surprise out in the balcony. Steve already deuced what’s the surprise is, but he didn’t want to ruin Tony’s mood. Honestly, Steve likes seeing Tony happy. The glimmer in his eyes, the grin that exudes confidence, happy Tony is Steve’s favorite Tony.
“Mortals way of celebrating after a victory is very similar to Asgardians, except we have feasts and not turkey burgers.” Thor looked at the burger curiously then took a bite that left half of the burger.
"The Wizard of Oz,” Tony answered. “Oddly, fitting since both you and Dorothy came from a black and white world and are thrown into a world with color."
He quickly exited out of the building. Steve decided that pizza would be his option to drown the embarrassment of today.
Tony grinned, a bit interested of what Steve would say, but prepared himself for any disappointment that might come. He thought of the stereotypical comments that his classmates would say. Those comments always mentioned his father and Stark Industries, never anything about Tony’s personal achievements.
“Tomorrow,” Tony answered. “Legolas, you can be the flower girl, Nat, you're my best man, Bruce, you're Steve's maid of honor and Thor, you're the ring bearer.”
Steve's voice is now shaking. Tony placed his hand on Steve's shoulder to which he silently thanked him for. His sympathy for Steve amplified. Tony couldn’t relate to missing out on a whole century then wake up to a future where everyone you know is either dead or too old to remember you nor understand the culture shock. New technology, a billion more people, the old neighborhood gone and unrecognizable with the new buildings the replaced the old. It explained how Steve reacted earlier at movie night and with the coffee. He seemed to be dissociating him every time he is reminded that this is not his time period and will never be able to go back to his own. He felt kind of shitty for not reaching out to him sooner.
“Welcome class to period 12 art class,” the teacher began. “I’m Mrs. Larsen and I’ll tell you what I have planned for the year...”
Steve hesitated then laughed it off. "Yeah, of course. Same here." He slowly moved to the stairs, desperate to get out of this awkward situation that he trapped himself into. "See you tomorrow."
Even if Steve did like Tony in that type of way, deep down Steve knows it wouldn’t work romantically. Tony is straight, no doubt about it. He upholds his playboy persona and for anyone to think he strays from anything other than women would ruin him in the media. Tony didn’t deserve anymore tabloids infiltrating his life.
They finished walking across the bridge then made the journey back to Steve’s motorcycle. They talked during their walk. Tony told stories about parties and people he’s met in NYC, Steve told stories about old NYC and whatever trouble him or Bucky dragged the other into. Young Steve Rogers was a fighter, Tony concluded, a very bad one that needed to be saved by Bucky constantly. On the other hand, Steve concluded that pre-Iron Man Tony did live up to his playboy persona.
“He’s going to wake up right after us,” Tony asserted. “I figured he would want some coffee before he leaves.”
“Tony Stark,” Tony corrected, a grin tugged at his lips. “Tate allegedly switched his medication with an aspirin that Tivan is allergic to.”
“Thor only destroys things. Nat will give you the most scariest glare you’d ever seen. It appeared in my nightmare once,” Clint explained. He set the kettle back under the machine. The top propped open.
“New York, Loki, even Afghanistan. The average man don’t face that heavy amount of tragedy in their life,” Steve pointed out.
Tony still had that smirk on his face. Steve noticed that Tony likes to do a lot of hand gestures whenever he spoke.
“Do you,” he started. It was very risky question that took everything in him to ask, “want to sit with me?”
“Anything for a friend,” Tony forced himself to say. “Rhodey is extremely jealous I haven’t done anything like this for him.”
“Congratulations to those who managed to keep your seat, you’ve all moved onto the next round,” Fury said. “Unfortunately, none of you beat my approach.”
Steve and Tony kept talking. With the few minutes left of class, they talked about the upcoming events for seniors for the school year. Tony noted that Steve was very interested in going to prom. He also noted that Steve has always wanted to dance with someone since he never had the chance to before. Tony mentioned being excited more for prom weekend and offered to take Steve with him, to show him how rich Manhattan kids parties.
Afterwards, Steve showered. This was the longest he has stayed in the tower. Tony’s charm was slowly influencing him yet he didn’t mind. He enjoys Tony’s company. The more they spend time together, the more Steve’s preconceived opinion of Tony is challenged. Tony is not as self absorbed and arrogant as Steve originally believed. He’s actually caring, intelligent and Steve has gotten used to Tony’s sarcastic humor to find it funny. One thing Steve could say is that Howard made one hell of a kid.
Fury whispered to Phil and Maria while the class watched in quiet anticipation. Fury then addressed the class, “I need all of you to be at the courthouse by 9 am. For those who managed to move on to the next level, if you have any ideas that will benefit our defense, feel free to tell either one of us. Class dismissed.”
On the floor below was a lab. One side, separated by a glass wall, had broken Iron Man parts scattered on the table and parts on the floor. On the other side is what you expect to see in a chemistry lab. He saw Bruce working at one of the lab tables. Bruce spotted him and waved. Steve nearly came in to have a chat with Bruce, but Bruce put a hand out in protest.
“I get nightmares too,” Steve confessed. “About New York. I doubt its similar to yours, but...never in my life did I ever expect to be fighting aliens in the 21st century.”
“I can introduce myself, Phil,” Maria chided, pushing herself off the stairs and moved closer to Phil.
The party guest included the Avengers, Rhodey and Hill. Intimate, just what Steve wanted. There was food, lots of it. Most of the food came from a catering company, but Clint grilled the burgers and baked his cake. The party went on successfully. Steve profusely thanked everyone for coming to his birthday party, especially Tony for planning the party. Everyone mingled, drank and ate. Later, they cut the cake. The cake design didn’t shy away from the Fourth of July look because of course Tony would.
Tony tries not to pay attention to the way their bodies press together whenever the dance imposes them to. Luckily, the Foxtrot is a demanding dance, and Tony doesn’t have much time to indulge in his thoughts as he tries not to fall or to step on Steve’s feet. It’s been years since he’s danced something like this; it’s a miracle his body still remembers the basic moves without waiting for his brain to give directions.
“Villains should really aim for your legs and that’s it, I don’t understand why they don’t think of that,” Tony mumbles, and at that, Steve just has to laugh.
Tony’s mind supplies. God, he would give up his entire fortune to be able to kiss Steve whenever he wanted to.
After all, Steve and Tony have always been close. Now, they’re just… closer. More attached. It’s nothing particularly different than before – nothing that would justify their friendship turning into a
Then he turns towards Steve, who’s come a few steps his way. Tony takes an unsteady breath, trying to ignore the tingling of his lips, then bows in front of Steve.
“I remember the rain had caused the picture to blur a little. I was so fascinated by those unintentional shadows, that I had to pick up a charcoal and a sheet of paper. That was the first time I drew something. Of course it was going to be you,” Steve adds quietly. His eyes are lost for one moment, then he catches Tony’s eyes in his and continues. “I drew over and over again, and then one more time. I tried to replicate the exact picture, down to the faintest shadow. It took me two days, but I did it. I was so excited, I started trying different techniques, playing with the shadows… I think I still have the first page of that newspaper.”
Tony and his team’s last mission left him shaken. It’s probably a sign of time passing, but Tony doesn’t want to interact with people all that much, tonight. Anyone paying attention to his figure would notice it’s him anyway – even if only for the people he’s with – but at least it doesn’t feel like he’s got a luminous sign with his name on, pointing at him.
Something must show on his face, because Steve’s perfect features morph to slight confusion. “Tony?”
would be the one caressing and holding gals in his arms, and the scarce times it was a man in his company would be hastened, hushed, and never in a bed.
Not that he ever doubted Jan, but the final result is, indeed, a work of art. Something worth of being looked at twice. It’s a lovely mask.
. This is what he’s been looking for, all his life. To come home to someone waiting for him on Christmas’ Eve, happy to see him again, not resenting him for his sole existence.
Tony is almost leaning in again, screw décor and all, when Steve tenses up. Tony barely has time to tense up as well, trying to understand what he did wrong, when Steve glances to Tony’s back and he breaks in his fake camera smile.
Their eyes meet again and Tony notices Steve’s blown pupils. He suppresses a shiver at the intensity of Steve’s gaze, because holy shit but that doesn’t help at all. It was— just a brush of lips, barely even considered a proper kiss, but here Tony is, unable to focus on anything other than the tingling sensation on his lips, Steve’s gaze boring into his soul, his cologne-masked scent and his hand still on Tony’s hip.
Tony finishes the drink with a face, before chasing another waiter to get another drink. When he makes his way back to Steve, he eyes up the drink in Tony’s hand and his face twists into his best Disapproving Glare. “Tony…” he begins.
“Hey, hey, Steve,” Tony interrupts him. “Hey, it’s okay. I wouldn’t say we’re used to it, because we’re not, but we’re equipped to deal with physical intruders. It’s probably going to be a tech problem only, don’t worry. Besides, I’ll go there with the Suit ‘cause it’s quicker.”
That’s another thing that will be imprinted in his mind for as long as he lives. Only this time, he’s glad that he can ask Jarvis to replay the footage as many times as he wants.
Steve’s still sort of tense, but he’s also smiling and shaking his head. “Of course she would be the first to figure it out,” he says, tone affectionate.
They seem… arguing? No, that’s not properly arguing, Steve decides. The tones are— worried, maybe, excited? Scared? One is strong and sure about what he’s saying. Steve doesn’t know what he’s talking about – it’s all a bit blurred around the edges, still. But the sound of it penetrates his foggy mind as he blinks a couple of times, focusing slowly, almost like an old camera lens.
Debrief is hell. He and Steve have to answer the most ridiculous questions. Tony thought the amount of teasing would be fun, but it’s the only thing Clint and Natasha seem focused on, and it’s not funny at all.
Steve might not know how to suck up to the ugly society, but he’s still the best strategist Tony knows. If he thinks this could help, then he’s probably right.
Tony wants to stay like this forever – but he also knows they have a plan to carry on. As much as Tony hopes dancing would be enough, he knows it’s not.
“Hey,” is Clint’s first reaction. Then he hesitates for a moment. He thinks of Nat’s reaction when she’ll know that Clint called dibs on
“Me neither,” Steve admits, but before Tony can reply, he continues, “But I’d like to just hold you in my arms right now.”
The drink in Tony’s hand is the only thing that stops him from grabbing Steve by the hair and grinding into him, feeling his body as close to Steve’s as possible without crossing to public indecency. If it was up to Tony, he would take Steve to the nearest bathroom and fall to his knees in the space of a heartbeat.
“Indeed we do, Stark,” Immortus replies, empty smile not wavering as he shakes hands with Steve. “I must say, though, I’d resigned myself to never properly meeting you. We hardly belong in the same social circles anymore.” His eyes shift to Steve while he talks, eyeing him up like he’s a particular annoyance he has to put up with.
They shift their stance in no time – and seriously, the fact that they both thought up the same type of dance without saying a word speaks volumes; both of their natural talent for improvisation, and of Steve’s dancing knowledge.
Before that thought can spiral any further, though, Jarvis says, “Captain Rogers asked me to let you rest, Sir. He asked to be informed as soon as you woke up, so he could prepare something to eat. I reckon you have around half an hour before your meal is ready.”
Eagerness and openness? They are not very fond of those. They’re too pure of values to mean anything for them.
He could probably crack a joke – that’d be easy. But he just doesn’t feel like it, especially not after last night, after everything that happened at the gala, after the way he behaved in debrief.
, crisscross their legs in alternated hooks as if led solely by desire. It’s natural, easier than the other dances – it’s all instincts, it’s less performing basic steps, and more learned response after provocation.
Tony has spent a great amount of time in watching Steve’s body, alright. They often spar together, and when Tony is not down in the workshop, he always seems to gravitate around Steve.
Wait a second. He looks at other Steve, standing next to Tony and looking so much bigger than him. Is this Tony really—?
For now, Tony is still trying to catch his breath, when he sees Steve trying to get himself together and open his mouth.
The smile on the other man’s face widens just a little, and Tony feels an muted, almost familiar flutter in his stomach.
Tony sighs, disappointed at how little he managed to find that they didn’t already know. They either kept their dirty business off the internet, or there was nothing more to find. This option worried Tony. If shooting guests was something that didn’t raise a single eyebrow, then…
got you right.” Steve pauses a little, looking at him like he is the most beautiful piece of art. “But now, now I think that – that nothing, that no one, can ever truly do you justice. It’s impossible. You’re so much more than your photographs,” he finishes with a rueful smile.
Were Tony a younger man and had any naivete left in him, he would have blushed. The world showed him so many beauties, but it took quite a few things in return. Naivete is one of them.
“That’s pure bullshit by the way,” Tony talks over Steve. “Your shield is the size of a dinner plate and you still insist on using that, instead of letting me upgrade your armor –”
, if they also ignored their morals, but that’s hard to do, especially in the presence of good old Steve Rogers – and they both know it.
His cheeks burn, along with his neck and chest. He feels feverish, like the room has suddenly become twenty degrees hotter.
“No trouble at all, I love cooking,” Steve says, then takes a hand to the back of his neck as his smile turns sheepish. “And yeah, I did. I figured you’d be hungry by now.”
It immediately shifts the kiss from lips on lips to tongue and desire. Tony’s hands roam across Steve’s back, feeling the muscles flex under his fingers as Steve arches in the kiss and grabs Tony’s waist to bring them closer.
He feels Steve smile and hug him tighter once again. “Yes, in a moment.” A beat, then, “Thank you for making me the happiest man on this Earth.”
But he can’t really stay. Not on evenings like this – when the mansion is brimming with people, and sooner or later someone is going to notice Steve’s absence.
Tony is reluctant to open his eyes; all he wants to do is bask in the afterglow of one of the best kisses of his life. If the way Steve kissed him back is anything to go by, though, he might actually like what he’d find.
When he feels Steve relax under his mouth and kissing back more eagerly, Tony opens his eyes and breaks the kiss and takes a good look of Steve.
“Immortus, we meet at last.” Tony’s camera persona is up in full force, a fake smile plastered on his face as he shakes hands with the man in front of him.
“When you’ve done bickering like the married couple you are,” he begins, and that catches the others’ attention, “You could tell me when my arrows are gonna be ready. Then I can leave you two alone,” Clint finishes, watching them.
There’s a soft urgency in the back of the kiss, but Tony doesn’t mind; all he cares about is that he’s finally kissing Steve, and Steve is kissing him back, and the universe is rearranging around its axis once again, adjusting its tilt only for Steve and Tony to become each other’s center of gravity.
He should’ve remembered to order Jarvis to lock the living room. It’s unfortunate how his brain becomes mono-tasking, when… otherwise occupied. With Steve.
Steve almost chuckles. Of course he’s slower than Tony – that’s another constant in the multiverse, he figures.
“Steve,” he protests weakly. He makes no attempts at effectively stopping him, though, so Steve doesn’t stop: his mouth moves from his neck to the hollow of his neck, to each clavicle, and he kisses his way down, and Tony whimpers. “You’re a menace.”
At that, Steve’s breath catches in his throat. Tony tries to stop the umpteenth shiver at the thought of making Steve Rogers lose some of his cool while working.
, and Steve feels a pang of love so strong it takes every ounce of willpower not to close the distance and shower him in kisses.
Tony is pretty sure he’s never going to feel warm again. Biting gusts threaten to whisk Tony’s wool hat off his head in the short trip from his office to the car.
Tony smiles what he hopes is his most charming smile. “Pleased to meet you, Mr. Rogers,” he says. He holds out his hand. Tony doesn’t know him— he should really start paying more attention to art. Jan and Pepper would be delighted, too.
It also helps Steve’s ass. Tony can’t believe Coulson designed that childish outfit Steve’s wearing these days, without even paying attention to his form. Not only it’s very flashy and outdated, it also fits loosely on Steve’s body.
There’s something warm and addicting about being called “Mr. Rogers.” He knows it can’t possibly last, so he wants to hear it over and over again while he can. After all, those will be his happiest, albeit most painful memories, when Steve inevitably leaves him.
Sure, he didn’t spend as much time as her in the Tower – his family needed him: the only reason he’s stayed at the compound a bit more this time is so he could keep Nat company after Bruce’s disappearance – but he’s a spy, just like her.
Steve hasn’t gone anywhere, after all. Steve’s cooking for Tony a couple of floors away, after he let Tony rest as much as he needed. They’re going to have an early dinner together. Then they’re probably going to watch a movie, or Tony is going to go work some more in his lab and Steve is going to follow him, claim the sofa for himself, and start sketching there.
“I’m not glaring,” Tony says, automatic. “I’m merely pitying every person in this room who has to keep their mask up all the time,” he finishes, looking pointedly at Jan’s own mask on a stick.
“I bet I would,” Immortus replies, his face hardening a little under the public display of affection. Tony internally jumps in satisfaction. It seems like their plan might work just fine, after all.
“You’re the worst, Rogers,” Tony mutters. When Steve flashes him one of his beautiful smiles, Tony sighs. “You’re also impossible to resist. Come on, let’s go.” He holds out an arm, and Steve takes it. He tries to adjust the tie with the other hand, while Tony snickers – he couldn’t care less about the status of their figures. “Aw baby, don’t worry about that. I like to think people will look at us and
“Ms. Potts here was making me notice how the crystals make the blue of your eyes stand out and your glare all the more obvious,” Jan says, still laughing a little.
of beeping, that’ll have to change – and he moves away. He takes one hand on Tony’s cheek and lets it linger there, Tony’s adoring face shifting to longing for a second before he sighs.
Something Tony did not notice, because he was too busy kissing Steve to pay attention to anything else.
“Tony.” Steve sounds a little sterner now, so Tony looks up at him through his eyelashes, kissing his neck one last time before pouting.
Just like his personality, Steve’s gaze is magnetic, pinning him in place and stealing his breath away from him. All Tony wants to do is take the last step and kiss him.
Steve lets him go and smiles at the other’s face. It’s a mixture of shock and uncertainty, and Steve nods at him.
Tony’s heart starts hammering in his chest again. It shouldn’t come as a surprise anymore, but Tony still manages to be caught off-guard by the kindness Steve keeps showing him. He supposes that will never change.
The sound of laughter bring Tony back to the people in front of him. Jan and Pepper are both looking at him as their hilarity dies down.
Then Steve’s hands tangle through Tony’s hair— and just like that, a soft moan escapes Tony’s throat.
He wonders where Steve has learned how to dance, and why. Maybe it was a way of passing time in the war. He’ll have to ask him.
“Stop it,” Tony breathes. Steve smiles from under him and gently eases down the teasing. He places feather-like kisses on Tony’s stomach, eliciting a breathless moan from the man underneath him every time. Tony’s hand comes up and tangles briefly in Steve’s hair, stroking gently, urging him upwards. The heat from before seems to have left in favor of softer, quieter feelings.
“That wouldn’t be the word I’d use, no,” Tony replies, smiling. “Though I am offended I didn’t know this. How did I not know this? I’ll have words with Pepper,” he mumbles.
“I wonder how she refrained to comment thought,” Tony says, a smirk still on his face. His hand still hasn’t left Steve’s chest.
Steve sobers up at that, too. He watches him with careful eyes, then bites his lips. “I don’t want to be a bother.”
Steve places his arm around Tony’s waist and holds him tight as they begin to sway a little at Hucknall’s lines. Tony smiles – all he does is smile, smilesmilesmile, and he can’t even bring himself to stop, because he can’t really imagine a more perfect day. It’s so much more than he has ever deserved, and he just lives it moment after moment.
Tony frowns. That’s way past lunchtime. “Why didn’t you wake me up for lunch?” Steve must have decided to eat by himself after all.
Tony can’t help it. Like a moth to a flame, Steve is irresistible for him, and Tony finds himself holding Steve’s head and kissing him with intent, music forgotten in his ears, alongside with the crowd and the mission and his own name.
Had Tony been paying attention to what Cap was trying to teach him, he would have predicted Cap would eventually catch on to his lack of concentration.
When the debrief ends, Tony gets up and leaves the room before anyone else manages to stand up. He doesn’t look at any of them, least of all Steve, and heads straight for the workshop.
Tony sighs. “It’s probably bad.” To put it mildly. Their security system is pretty solid. “I’m afraid I might have to go there and check by myself.”
There’s always been people dancing tonight, even when he and Steve were dancing a proper Waltz. It’s rude to let the center of the room be empty for a long time – Tony knows shady social events are not excluded from this custom.
“Worse than teenagers,” he mutters. He hears the muffled laughter behind him as he leaves the kitchen behind, beer long forgotten on the table.
Steve looks put out. “What if it’s dangerous? What if someone’s there? I mean, to breach the security of your company like this—it could be dangerous. It’s probably dangerous. I should—”
much from you. And in the end you always listen, you always fill me in. You always make sure to bring me with you, you always reserve a place for me just next to you. I will never keep up with you, but you do it anyway, you never make me feel left behind.”
“It’s just Clint. And he’s just about to go home. Once there, he can relax and forget about it plenty.”
Jan is trilling next to Pepper and him, and Tony lets the words run as soothing background noise. All around them are people holding their masks up by the stick and swapping them around, clearly to compliment the choice of the mask of the person they are speaking to.
He remembers not liking this song, neither the original version nor the following, more popular covers, like this one. He remembers thinking that each and every person is perfectly capable of making a name for themselves without help from anyone else, and that nobody was supposed to have as much power over another person’s life as the song seemed to imply. Loving someone to that point had to be dangerous, unhealthy.
Tony laughs. What a series of fortunate events, that brought them together! First, he didn’t want to go to his own ball, and it took Jan’s best efforts to convince him. Then she and Pepper left him alone, and then Jan’s curiosity made Pepper tell Steve, and effectively send him his way.
“I think Cap and I are going to call it a night, guys,” Tony says, and his voice is slightly rougher, and that would be embarrassing, had Tony any resemblance of shame left. “Have a good night and Merry Christmas again.”
Steve opens his eyes. The first thing he sees is blue. All around him, above him, even the air feels blue. For a second, he thinks he’s outside and looking at the sky, an impossible sunny day beaming down at him – blue all around him.
He manages to bring Steve up with gentle pushes on the back of Steve’s head, and Tony looks at him in the eyes before leaning up to kiss him. Steve closes his eyes, he’s gentle, and Tony keeps looking at his eyelashes in wonder. Lips against lips and warm, content feelings are Tony’s only focus.
Tony notices the crowd has basically dissipated when they complete the first round of the dance floor with no one getting in the way.
“Would you like me to give you a tour?” Tony asks, voice low. His heart is beating a little faster than usual because he never does this, much less with strangers who could punch him or report him, and it’s heady and Tony
Tony is going to buy both ladies a fruit basket. A fruit basket and flowers. He feels very generous.
“The pleasure is ours,” Steve says. Tony can figure out his strategy without even having to ask – Steve must have noticed Immortus isn’t very fond of him, perhaps for everything Captain America represents, and he’s determined to make himself more likeable to the man.
Tony blushes as he remembers the feeling of Steve’s lips against his, Steve’s mouth swollen with kisses, his strong hands keeping him close, or sliding down his body—
With that resolution in mind, Tony gets up and goes to the bathroom to take a shower. The warm water soothes him and brushes away the remnant of his sleep, leaving him more awake and slightly less gloomy.
He would have noticed if the two leads of the Avengers slash his friends were fucking. He’s Hawkeye, for God’s sake.
When Steve calms down, he lets Steve’s dick slip off – but not before kissing the head one last time – and looks up at him.
Before Steve can reply, Tony leans in and licks a stripe up Steve’s jugular. It’s purely selfish, aimed to savor and not as much to make Steve feel it.
“Hey, no, stop that. You had your reasons to believe Hammer was nothing more than an idiot. Unlike me, you knew the guy.” Steve’s still talking in his ear, but now he’s started to caress his back as well, and Tony sighs in happiness.
“No, I mean it, Steve,” Tony says, firmer. The change in his tone has Steve looking up with mild surprise. “Why would you even think that? It’s me who got too caught up with—everything else, and almost got us both killed.”
Steve smiles a little. “You know, I’ve always wanted to meet you.” He pauses. He seems meditative for a little. “I had to dream about going on adventures with you, being your best man in the field. I was a very sick kid… Up until three years ago, I used to spend a lot of time in bed. My best friend Arnie and I would buy issues of Marvels Magazine together, because money was tight. We never missed one,” Steve says. He takes a deep breath as if to steady himself, like it’s him who has to steel himself for those words. Like they’re not touching something deep inside Tony.
Steve is silent next to him for a couple of seconds before tightening his arms around Tony and shifting a little so that they’re hugging properly now.
“You put— okay, ouch, don’t hit me because I had an honest reaction. How about this, I’ll make sure you won’t do anything harmful or sacrilegious?”
Tony feigns reproach. “I just had a bath, love. Now I’m all dirty again.” In spite of his words, Tony takes his hand to the small of Steve’s back and presses him closer, empty glass forgotten in his hand.
Steve takes his hand back to Tony’s head and crashes their lips together one more time, hard, and Tony all but moans into his mouth.
the moment when they realize what he’s saying. They both blush, Tony a light shade of red, other Steve to deep scarlet. They carefully avoid looking at each other, both their eyes fixed on Steve.
“Tony,” Steve whispers on his mouth. He’s still stroking Tony’s cheek— Tony leans into the touch and closes his eyes for a moment, happy.
“I know. We wanted to. I wanted to,” Steve adds, a little quieter. “I wanted to feel close to you, and that was the only way I could do that. I’d never thought I would be able to meet you, one day, but it was my deepest dream.”
But the lack of any proper sleep and the constant efforts of being Iron Man and Captain America take their toll on them with every movement, with every kiss.
Steve feels a bit sorry for them. He doesn’t even remember a time when he and his Tony weren’t together, but he can’t imagine his life without him, without being able to kiss him and hold him whenever and however he wants. He’s such a constant and a big part of his life, Steve feels empty on behalf of other Steve and not-his-Tony.
This is another make-pretend. This is just— two Avengers, trying to throw a bad guy in jail. That’s all this is.
“Don’t blame her,” Steve says, frowning a little. Tony finds it adorable. “It wasn’t Miss Pott’s fault. I believe Miss Van Dyne wanted to know who the new cartoonist would be, so Miss Potts introduced me to her. And broke the news to me, as well. I wasn’t supposed to know until next week. I should have suspected by the invitation to the ball, though.” Steve bites his lower lip and blushes again. “That’s why I decided to speak to you. I was going to introduce myself. Miss Potts said you would be delighted.”
wanted to know – there was a reason why he firmly rejected Nat’s words. He doesn’t want to know what Steve and Tony are up to, when they’re alone – violation of privacy, boundaries, not his business, nope, thanks.
Not moving from the fireplace, Tony turns around. As imagined, Steve is sitting on the couch. He’s smiling at him, has a book in his hands, a blanket on his legs, and there are two cups of steaming hot chocolate on the table next to him. “Welcome back, honey,” Steve says, still smiling.
Steve’s smile is getting wider by the second. “One hundred percent serious. I wouldn’t lie about this— not when it has been one of my biggest dreams for years.”
In fact, they’re looking at each other, close – as in, physically close – enough that there’s not even a foot between them, and they’re looking into each other’s eyes and trying to hide their grin as they bicker.
From the outside, they are just a couple showing some PDA. They’re exactly what the mission requires: professional in their gestures, efficient in their reiteration. They are going to get the job done. They’re perfect.
He locks himself there and orders Jarvis not to let anyone enter or contact him, short of an Avenger or SI emergency. He doesn’t want to talk to anyone.
“The magazine is mine,” Tony says, mirroring Steve’s position and sitting up with him. “Of course I would. If you want to.”
Tony feels a little self-conscious – and it’s irrational, especially after the last hour and all the kisses and touches and grasps, but he almost wants to cover his body further with the sheets. The years and the adventures took their toll on him, and Steve’s gaze on his scarred body makes him want to hide.
Tony is sure this is not going to end well, and he can’t even say why. He can’t label the sensation, but the itch is there and he can’t quite scratch it, no matter how hard he tries.
“Exactly.” Tony nods. “We have to be quicker, blunter. Not exaggerating, but it’s not a marathon anymore.”
He doesn’t really blame Pepper for not telling him – he never really asked, and it’s not like he ever expressed much interest in cartoonists, not even when prompted.
He also knows that that’s the extent of how far it can go: his own mind. Those memories are going to be played and replay in his head. He’ll just have to ignore the extra feelings that go arm in arm with them.
Tony feels his warm breath on his face, and the last piece of tension leaves him with a shiver. The air smells like fire, like cinnamon, like eggnog. It smells like Steve.
Steve chokes and starts coughing. Tony pats him on the back a couple of times. “Come with me, I’ll get you something to drink,” Tony says. If his voice’s a little louder than needed, well, no one has to know.
Jarvis diminishes the brightness of the blue and adds some gray here and there. Tony is still not a hundred percent satisfied. “Remove the red, please.”
Luckily for Tony, his parents made him take dancing classes when he was little. They knew with the life Tony was going to have, there would come a time where he’d have to dance at events like this, and they were right.
. The most common line of every rom-com crosses Tony’s mind and almost makes him giggle. Were it any other day, he’d greet Steve that way – he’s never shied away from flirting, especially with Steve. He can behave for today, though.
Immortus’ face twists up in displeasure at Steve’s words, his eyes zooming in to Steve’s hand still on Tony’s side, before looking back up. His eyes are cold, even though he doesn’t lose the grating smile. “I’m afraid my other guests are wondering where I have gone,” he says. “I’m sure we will talk again soon.”
“Oh c’mon, Steve—” Tony cuts in, cheeks still flushed. He looks at his Steve. “Don’t be rude to your nicer counterpart.”
Steve notices that the other Steve is smirking and has lost some of the stiffness. He lowers his shield just a bit, and Tony turns his attention back to him. “Really? You choose
The mask is heavy on the right side because of the black rose and long feathers embellishing that side. Jan insisted on trying out some of her new designs at the masquerade ball tonight. That’s why Tony has a rigid mask with elaborate lace patterns, and polished, shiny quartz circling the opening for the eyes. The petals of the rose are made of tulle and the center is mostly satin, and behind the flower, three long feathers stand out and curve slightly near the end.
They look into each other’s eyes without saying a word for a long time. Tony is certain he’s never felt this strong of an impulse to take someone to his private quarters before. He would trade a few of his treasures to just ask him if he would come with him to his rooms, risks be damned.
make me feel brand new, Tony. I’m old, I’m ancient, and yet you never make me feel like that. You make me feel alive.”
Sure, since they needed two high profile figures for the job, Steve being Captain America would definitely help and all, but still.
Tony shifts his gaze to his glass, as though he finds it very fascinating. The quiet atmosphere of the kitchen is almost deafening. It’s a sign of how tired Tony is – apparently, he can’t pull an all-nighter that easily anymore; not after an… emotionally challenging night like the previous one.
“Since when does Steve Rogers drink?” Tony teases. He watches Steve getting closer and closer, stopping only when his body is pressed up to Tony’s right side.
Both Tony and other Steve watch his hand, not taking their eyes off even when he lets it fall. Steve’s fingers move unconsciously to caress his wedding ring, and
Tony doesn’t try to dance properly. He’s perfectly content with wobbling a little to the soft, muffled words of the song. It’s talking about how the love of his life makes the singer feel brand new, and Tony would become the world’s best vocalist just to sing it to Steve the way he deserves.
They stay still for another couple of seconds, torn between the need to lean in again – Tony’s – and, Tony supposes, the desire to keep décor – Steve’s. It’s nice, being this close to Steve, sharing that weird but pleasant tension that has nothing to do with imminent threats.
Without an outlet to let the pent up adrenaline dissipate, Tony’s heart starts pounding in his chest. He’s barely aware that Steve is speaking, but he can’t make out words, he’s breathing with difficulty and his head is spinning.
Tony feels his arms being lifted. At the same time, he feels Steve’s intake of breath and almost senses Steve’s chest expansion, right next to him.
Tony slides his hand in the back of Steve’s head and brings him down for a kiss. He can bear to stop looking into those beautiful, clear eyes only in return for the taste of him, of his lips, of his tongue. It’s a good exchange.
At some point, Tony snaps at them. “Does anyone care that Immortus ordered a fucking hit on two of his own guests because he clearly thought he could get away with it, or was my tongue down Steve’s throat the only thing worth noticing?”
Steve’s fault – the circumstances, both past and present, are to blame as well – but if you had to name one person, it would be Steve.
When Tony wakes up, he feels mildly rested. He’s still sluggish around the edges, but it’s not as bad as he’d expected. He turns around in bed, and notices that the sunlight coming from the windows seems sort of wrong. It has orange-colored stripes, and the shadows are longer.
He watches Steve figure out which song it is as another blush colors his cheeks, but it only takes him half a second to recover and steel his face into determination.
He can’t shake the mental image out of his head as they hold on for longer than strictly necessary. Tony’s thumb caresses Steve’s slim wrist a couple of times, before he lets go.
Emboldened by this conviction, Tony tries to push Steve away from his neck to take matters to bed. He has nothing against the strength of the super-soldier, though, so all he manages to do is flex his arms and whimper a little under Steve’s mouth.
Tony is hyper-aware of Steve’s every movement, so he doesn’t miss the way Steve’s cheeks color and the way he takes a little breath, barely a moment before saying, “Sorry,” voice scarcely a whisper.
Tony is pretty confident the Avengers won’t have to be called to assemble again, at least not today. Even the bad guys have to rest sometime, right?
How is a Tango supposed to be appropriate for this kind of an event? No matter how much they want to lure Immortus out, dancing a Tango in the middle of a high-up social event is definitely not appropriate, surely?
Tony silently agrees. Instead, he says, “That’s because you’ve never seen him in action, J. He could do better, trust me.”
Steve kisses him briefly before leaning away, just to be able to look at him in the eyes. “You sound pornographic when you come.”
It's now basically canon that Tony made the stealth suit to show off Mr. Rogers' ass. (Not that we didn't know that already.)
.” Steve’s fingers tighten slightly on his shoulders as Steve’s expression becomes darker. Tony feels like the cat that got the cream when Steve gives in and combs his fingers through Tony’s hair, gently. He shivers a little at the sensation: his hair’s always been sensitive, and with time it’s definitely become one of his kinks.
“You’re brilliant, Tony. You’re probably one of the smartest scientists I know, you embody the future, and yet you never make me feel less than you.” Tony wants to protest, wants to look away from Steve’s eyes, but he can’t. “It drives me crazy when you leave me behind, when you keep secrets from me. I’m always hard on you, and I’m sorry about that, but it’s just because I expect
So, instead, he just loses some tension from his shoulders. “You couldn’t help but notice…?” he asks, calm.
Clint is pretty certain he and Laura make a similar picture, right before watching something on TV, or right before going to bed.
Steve smiles at that. The only reply he gives is rubbing his nose in Tony’s stomach, and Tony promptly laughs at that, shivering from the tickling sensation. He tries to shove him off, but Steve has his whole body as leverage, and the battle is lost for Tony as he fails to stop giggling.
Looking down at Steve’s body in front of him, Tony catches a glimpse of how much Steve’s affected – and good God, his pants are tented obscenely, and Tony wants to have his mouth on him right now. He wants to make Steve see stars. He wants to make him lose his composure and
So now they have five presents to open each. It’s a mess, everyone is tipsy from eggnog and/or mead, but it’s extremely funny.
When Tony leans on Steve’s body and tenses his leg, Steve’s hand slides down from his chest to his leg, slowly, and Tony can
Tony takes a sip of his drink, then clears his throat. “Of course you don’t. Soft drink— I should’ve known.” He turns towards Steve and smiles a little, hyper aware of how close they are. They need to be doing this and
Tony seems shaken back to reality as he blinks a couple of time. “Uh, yes! That’s not what allows you to be here though, am I right?”
Now he just drives home with the lightest heart, actually looking forward to seeing what the others prepared for tonight’s big dinner –
Steve is writhing under Tony, hands roaming all over his body, and Tony shudders at the sensations. He’s fully hard in his pants, almost-public place be damned. He feels victorious as he steals kiss after kiss, as he tastes the inside of Steve’s mouth with his tongue, chasing off any remaining trace of champagne.
They stare at each other for a couple of seconds, before Steve blushes. Tony is sure he isn’t faring any better.
Steve’s mouth crashes onto him, hard and demanding, his hands sliding up in Tony’s hair, tugging and pulling, and Tony reciprocates blissfully.
When Steve’s brain decides to clear out, the first person he properly see, crouching down next to him, is… not his Tony’s.
Steve watches as another man approaches him. He’s blonde, tall and built, and Steve doesn’t need to see the striped shield to understand that’s— himself. A version of himself. This Tony’s Steve.
When they hear a shriek coming from the elevator, they jostle apart, Tony immediately sitting up and willing his face not to blush, Steve blushing deep red and trying to get his hair in order –
Since they don’t want to part on the wrong foot after just that brief introduction, though, Tony smiles at Immortus. “I am sure we can find common interests, gentlemen,” he says, mollifying. “We are on the guest list after all, aren’t we.” Tony smiles again and doesn’t mention they had to cash in a favor from one of his ‘friends’ from the old days, to get through the main door as official guests.
Tony smiles up at him as he rubs his head towards Steve’s fingers. He closes his eyes for a moment, enjoying the sensations coming from his head that make him shiver.
“I’ve wanted to do that for so long,” Tony whispers, eyes trained on Steve’s face to pick up every shift of expression.
“Yay! I’ll change into something more comfortable in the meanwhile.” Steve smiles again. “Bed afterwards,” he says, and Tony can’t help smiling as well, as he shakes his head and goes to the bathroom to clean up.
Tony shakes his head fondly, before standing up on his toes and kissing him lightly. Steve replies immediately, parting his lips and licking in Tony’s mouth. Which reminds him—
Tony represses a sigh of frustration. He gives a longing look at the bed, then stands on his tiptoes to steal another kiss from Steve’s lips.
In all the years he’s known Steve, he’s never once thought he could be worthy of the other man – the amazing, splendid person that is now his husband. He didn’t think he was worthy of him back when Steve first kissed him. He didn’t think it when Steve fought alongside him, defended him and protected him. He didn’t think it when Steve first said he loved him.
Steve and Tony’s job is to get him as worked up as possible in a semi-public environment where he can’t do anything about, in order to make him commit a mistake and catch him red-handed.
“Tony—” Steve doesn’t even finish the warning before Tony’s on his mouth again, stealing one last kiss before Steve shakes his head and steps aside.
Tony bites his lips as he looks up at Steve, only to find Steve staring at him intently. He’s about to apologize when Steve takes a few steps towards him – and then he’s in Tony’s space, closer than he’s been since last night, and Tony’s heart goes absolutely haywire. Steve stares right in his eyes, and Tony finds he cannot look away from the deep baby blues in front of him.
He’s riding with Steve in a white limo, cracking jokes and trying not to think too much about where they’re going. He also tries not to stare at Steve’s suspenders, visible underneath his jacket.
“It was my fault,” Tony whispers. He knows Steve can hear him anyway. “I should’ve listened to you. Shouldn’t have attacked the Adaptoid like that. I’m sorry.”
The sound of the orchestra starting to play again startles them both to their surroundings. Tony looks around, finding Immortus at the corner of his vision, and exhales with relief. The plan is still on – and it does seem that they’ve made progress, if the way Immortus is tensed up is anything to go by.
Steve owns the Waltz like he’s a professional dancer. Maybe the serum helps with the coordination of the movements – he’d only have to know the steps, in order to replicate them perfectly. But that, in Tony’s opinion, would only lead to a mechanical, stilted dance— technically correct, but lacking finesse.
The music picks up and makes a glissando, effectively shifting from adagio to allegro. It quickly makes its way to a famous jazz theme, and it only takes one second for Tony to recognize which song is being played.
Now, though… Now, Tony can’t wait to get back to the Tower, to Steve, to his dysfunctional colleagues-slash-friends-slash-family that could probably kill him in his sleep, but never do.
He owns the posture like it’s second nature, arms and shoulders straight as the dance commends, and his steps have a certain elegance that could only be acquired through experience.
for the first time while being watched was… not how he imagined their first kiss would be like. Not that he ever imagined it.
“Follow my breathing, honey, c’mon.” Steve’s voice is gentle next to him, and when did he sit down? Gosh, he’s so out of it, he’s making a fool of himself— “Tony. You can do it.”
Sure, there’s that, and there’s Steve spending a great amount of time in Tony’s workshop, and yeah, they spar together, and eat together, and also
. He’s really in another universe, like his Tony said. He really did it – he really figured out a way to
Steeling himself, Tony takes the glass from Steve’s hand, then makes his way to the nearest table, and places both their drinks on it.
Steve frowns like he didn’t even spare the idea a thought. “I didn’t mean it like that.” He pouts a little, and that, in Tony’s book, is just
’d be the first one,” Tony tells him, amused, putting a hand on Steve’s chest and moving his head back.
They each take a step back – and Tony has to stop focusing on how much he misses Steve’s heat already and start focusing on whether Coulson might have any kind of problem getting this – and Tony turns towards the host.
Unfortunately, Tony knows these types of people. They want to thrive in their harem of equal-shitty-but-less-powerful men, they want to soak up attention and bask in compliments, but only in the sleazy manners that they’re used to.
“Tony, we can’t, there are people here,” Steve tries to reason. The vibrations of his throat make Tony’s knees wobble. He’d love to get a hand on his dick. It would be so easy to just slip it down—
Tony stalls for an entire minute, merely enjoying the show, before he takes a sip and walks over to Steve, giving in to yet another temptation.
He realizes he’s been standing in the kitchen without doing anything, so he goes and opens the cupboard. The urge to make himself a strong, black coffee is almost irresistible, but he needs to sleep at least a couple of hours. He decides to go for a chocolate smoothie instead, opting to indulge his sweet tooth just this once.
He searches Steve’s eyes for any clue that he’s reading the situation wrong, but he only finds admiration and intensity.
Tony is barely aware that there are gagging noises and grumbling coming from the kitchen. He’s too busy getting distracted by Steve’s tongue and getting lost in his mouth to care.
A much bigger part of him, though, is genuinely curious. “Say, gentleman, what is it that you mean?” he asks the man, returning the smile with an ease he thought had abandoned him, at least for the evening.
It lands right on Steve’s head, much to everyone’s glee. It is the perfect occasion for Tony to crawl on Steve’s lap and kiss him soundly.
“I couldn’t have done it without you and your tech.” Steve’s voice is firm, like he’s trying to prove a point. Steve’s hands are caressing his back, his shoulders, and then sliding up his neck until they’re holding his face.
Improvisation. They’re always good at that. Have been since the very first time they fought the Chitauri together.
In particular, Tony and Steve seem to have committed to it, as if they took an unbreakable vow in Tibet or something. Clint is sure they didn’t move from the Avengers Compound, but he isn’t one hundred percent certain that they didn’t convene a Monk or a Priest to formally bind them to the promise.
“I love you like a mad man, Tony,” Steve whispers on his mouth. Tony kisses him again, this time opening his mouth and licking his bottom lip. He lets Steve take control of the kiss as their tongues meet, and Tony leans even closer, bringing his hands to Steve’s hair. He’s growing hard in his pants and suddenly staying there any longer seems like an absurd idea. He wants to get to the mansion, now.
“You are a sight for sore eyes, darling,” Tony says. His hand stops its descend only when he meets the waistband of Steve’s pants, his fingers teasing around the hem.
He’s just taken half a step back when the cellos join the piano, and Tony freezes on the spot. He knows that theme. He
Tony can’t hide the blush that overcomes him as he mutters, “Don’t mention it.” He grabs his own smoothie and takes another sip.
It’s Steve's birthday present, so he can only work on it when Steve is not in the workshop with him – and come to think of it, it doesn’t happen so often. Not when Steve’s in the Tower and not on missions.
“Don’t,” Tony interrupts him, putting a hand on his mouth. “Say those words. I’m ready to bet our case of blue balls is those words’ fault. Don’t say ‘em.”
He takes another sip. “I know. I just figured that, between the two of us, you would be the one to freak out or something.” He tries to sound nonchalant, but if he knows Steve a little – and he does – he knows he’s probably not buying it.
When he gets to the living room, he all but sprints to the lit-up fireplace. He groans when he gets close enough, fingers almost brushing the flames and face heating up with warmth.
It’s not chaste, but it stays safe for work until Tony feels Steve’s hands in his hair, and Tony straight up moans. Steve’s fingers tighten a fraction in his hair before he breaks the kiss. Indignant, Tony opens his eyes to understand
of him. He wishes he could have him under himself, those gorgeous eyes staring up at him as he takes in every detail of his body. He wishes to kiss him, and it’s a fierce urge, like nothing he’s felt before, and Tony is left breathless for a moment.
Tony brings his other hand to stroke Steve’s back as he climbs on top of Tony and kisses him within an inch of his life. Tony shudders and tightens his hold on Steve’s hair, his own body oversensitive and responsive. He bites back a whimper as Steve’s mouth moves onto his neck and starts kissing him there, alternating small licks and pecks that make Tony shiver and want even more.
Tony is confused for a couple of seconds, as the only instrument playing is a piano. His mind races through the dances he knows – could it be a melody for a Rhumba? Maybe a Freestyle? – before he can stop it from wandering. It’s not like they’re still going to dance, anyway.
Tony’s mind is worryingly blank as he steps into Steve’s personal space and responds to the kiss with far more enthusiasm than necessary. He brings his free hand around Steve’s neck, trying to get as close to Steve as physically possible.
frequent,” Steve says, his practiced smile never leaving his face. After saying so, Steve slides his free hand around Tony’s waist again, tugging him that much closer.
Tony is willing to take the risk. A broken cheekbone would only make oral sex all the more interesting.
“I wouldn’t mind,” Tony says. He bites his own lips and caresses Steve’s back slowly, feeling each and every one of his muscles under his shirt. He wouldn’t mind
The other man’s cheeks color just a tad more. Tony is enthralled. “Yes, it really does.” The man’s words are quieter than before. He doesn’t lower his gaze after he speaks, so Tony doesn’t either.
Prompted, Tony focuses on the sight in front of him and brings his hands to Steve’s thighs, sliding them up, up, until they’re on Steve’s belt and Tony is unfastening it before he’s ordered his body to do so. He works with quick movements, taking the belt off and unbuttoning his jeans, then slides his zip down in a swift movement. His eyes are fixed on Steve’s bulge for the whole time, and when he manages to slide Steve’s pants down, his mouth waters at the outline of Steve’s dick tenting his boxers.
“It’s the total blackness of your look,” the man decides to say in the end. “I mean, the only color on you is the blue of your eyes. Not that it’s a bad thing—” he stops. Tony could swear the man’s cheeks just colored a little. “I just mean – if you want to look inconspicuous, you should aim for colors that make you blend in. Like a chameleon. Total black will only make you stand out more.” He pauses a second, then continues. “It does make for a breathtaking sight on you, though,” he adds quietly.
Tony laughs at that. “God, you’re such a monster cuddler,” he grumbles. That earns him a proud smile from Steve, and Tony looks at him and thinks,
Steve shakes his head and squeezes him a bit tighter with the arm that’s still around him. “No, I wouldn’t. And I wouldn’t care to, either.
, the things he would let Steve do to him. The things he would do to Steve. All kinds of things that would involve him and Steve doing the do, honestly. Tony is this close to losing it.
Steve is still mimicking the Hulk where he attacks with just instincts and no tactic, and he’s doing a masterful impression as always, and Tony would do anything to keep him alive.
Probably due to the weariness dragging him, a tiny part of Tony feels weird being called out by a complete stranger.
What he didn’t foresee, though, is that such high-quality materials were going to be pressed together and feel incredibly soft, molding perfectly to their frame like a second skin, and leaving nothing to the imagination.
Tony nods. It feels weird, knowing that Steve is privy of this trivial little thing. It makes him feel open, like Steve might just peer inside him and it would be enough for him to discover his deepest secret.
“I’m thinking of bringing you with me, on adventures,” Tony says. He’s never done it before – only his friends and the chronicler of Marvels would join him. Cartoonists only got the story from the chronicler, and then they would illustrate it based solely on the words.
Tony shakes his head and smiles. “Yeah, I did.” He looks at Steve and wonders how nice it would be to just go over and kiss him on the lips. He stifles a sigh as he steps closer. “Thank you for letting me sleep, by the way. You shouldn’t have gone through all this trouble though,” Tony says. “Did you
Steve turns to look at him, biting his lower lips, and smiles. “Of course I am. Might take a little, but I promise I’ll be back as soon as Tony’s fixed the watch, and villains decide to let us free for the weekend.” Tony smiles at that. “I’ll see if my Tony can come, too.”
Maybe they won’t need to actually kiss, Tony ponders. Maybe lingering hands and closeness will be enough.
The flutter in his stomach comes back stronger than before, and this time Tony gets very close to blushing.
With this calming mantra in his head, Tony slips on some comfortable clothes, and then heads for the elevator.
“Not really,” Tony says. Steve makes a vague noise, but doesn’t lower his hands. “It was original. Among the people downstairs, nobody surprised me once, tonight. Sure, they probably scared me, made me jump a little,” and isn’t that a surprise, how relaxed he feels now? “but I never felt more inclined to start a conversation than with you. Not for a long time, actually.”
Tony feels dazed at how quickly he went from thinking dancing is not going to help them all that much anymore, to feel like it could be just too much.
The original plan was to take Steve to the nearest closed room and ravish him, but having Steve this close in a deserted hallway makes the plan adjust.
Sometimes, Tony wonders whether Steve is even able to express emotions through something other than violence.
Tony leans on the doorframe of the gym, the fluffy edges of his robe brushing his thighs. It's his favorite garment; light and soft, crimson and gold.
“Aww baby, what’s the rush?” Tony asks him, still joking. Steve stiffens next to him at the nickname. He brings his hand around Tony’s waist and pulls him just a tiny bit closer.
He can’t keep Steve’s gaze as they move at the rhythm of the violins. Tony’s hands caress Steve’s chest as he slides his leg up on Steve’s, slowly, as if he wants to be as close to Steve as possible.
“I am. But still,” Tony shakes his head again. He can’t keep his lips from curling up, no matter how hard he tries— so he stops trying altogether, smiling at Steve so much his cheeks start to hurt. “Thank you, Steve. Really.”
Steve smiles as Tony takes him to one of the tables. Steve would love to look around and taking in all the blue surrounding him, but he can’t keep his eyes off Tony. He’s so
“Not really,” Tony says, smirking. “I like where it lead us. Though I have to say, I don’t quite do this every time I meet someone… Interesting.” At that, Steve’s eyes flash with something Tony can’t quite place. Huh. “Besides, I was really aiming for inconspicuous, tonight.” He adds, sheepish.
Tony has a strong sense of deja-vu as he’s pinned on the door and Steve presses into him with his whole body. Every point of contact with Steve’s body on fire. His lips tingle and his head is pressed firmly to the door as he lets Steve maul him, his hands everywhere and not where he
The minute he spends rushing to his car manages to freeze Tony deep to the bone, and he spends the whole drive to the Tower shivering and shifting. Not even the pre-heated seats and warm AC can stop the tremors in his body.
Tony lowers his pants and gets rewarded by Steve’s cock jutting out, right in front of him. His mouth waters. It’s probably the prettiest cock he’s seen, slightly longer than average and standing out hard and proud, the head flushed a nice shade of pink, and a tiny drop of precome leaking out of the tip.
. “I’m afraid I did let my work get the better of me just there. It’s second nature, I guess – nevertheless, I am sorry.” The man bites his lips. Tony doesn’t stare. “I am an artist. I observe things, and I couldn’t help but notice that…” He trails off. He blinks his eyes up to him, and Tony notices the man’s eyes are at the exact same level as his mouth.
Tony thinks about it. They certainly can’t walk out now, in the middle of the party. They can’t risk losing the only occasion they have in what is probably going to be a long time. The body count is high enough already, they certainly don’t need more to add to that number. Besides, both the Avengers and the police are waiting just around the block. They’re all relying on Tony and Steve.
Tony shivers at that, his own free hand sliding up on Steve’s hip without Tony consciously moving it. Steve is wearing Col. Littleton suspenders over his shirt, the jacket of the suit handed over at the reception along with his coat, and Tony has to struggle not to let his hand wander, feeling the muscles beneath Steve’s formal attire. Given how soft the fabric is, he’s sure he would be able to feel Steve’s six-pack even through clothes, and it’s not a risk he wants to take tonight.
He’s rewarded with a long moan by Steve, and that’s all Tony needs before diving in, licking the shaft from base to top, getting him nice and wet under his tongue.
Before Steve has the chance to reply, the other Steve takes a step forward. “What are you doing here?”
“Hi, babe,” Tony murmurs, softly. His face must speak volumes, because Steve closes the book, takes the blanket in his hands, and walks over to Tony.
This leaves him with a fairly big amount of time, where he can take in Steve’s form: when he’s cooking and has his back on Tony, when he’s stretching out to take something not close by, when he’s simply sitting on the sofa, calm and relaxed, and Tony can see the rise and fall of his broad chest as Steve breathes.
“It’s iced tea, Tony.” Steve smiles. His free hand wanders down Tony’s spine. “You know I don’t drink on the job,” he finishes, hand resting on Tony’s hip.
Steve’s fingers are stroking his hair and Steve’s tongue is licking its way to Tony’s throat and Steve’s thigh is thrusting against his cock when Tony comes, moaning and groaning and clutching Steve’s ass. Shocks of pleasure shake his body as he jolts on Steve, again and again, the movements making every part of his body that’s touching Steve’s fire up, over-sensitized.
Maybe they should have practiced at the Tower – right where they have sofas available, walls, beds, and most importantly, when the only one watching them is Jarvis.
Tony nods and melts in the embrace. He nuzzles his face in Steve’s side and inhales, filling his lungs with Steve’s smell. There’s a hint of floral in there, like his usual shower gel.
Steve is moaning over him, his hands in Tony’s hair tightening and relaxing without any kind of rhythm. His grip is strong, and that thrills Tony more than he’s willing to admit out loud. Tony knows Steve too well to know he won’t push his head down his cock, not if Tony doesn’t give him blank card beforehand, but the thought that he
Tony closes his eyes at the touch. There’s nowhere else he would rather be. “No, it’s okay. It’s probably going to be a long night and I wouldn’t be of much company.”
Steve looks at him funny. “I asked, do you think my attitude might have compromised the mission?” He finishes the question in a whisper.
But tonight, Tony is fairly sure things are going to be fine. It’s a rainy day in the middle of November and there’s no indication that anything unusual might happen in the near future.
Tony’s heartbeat accelerates just so. Heat rises up on his cheeks, and he realizes with horror he’s about to blush – so he goes and deflects it. “You mean you want to cuddle.” He tries to sound deadpan, but he sounds affectionate even to his own ears.
The man keeps holding the mask very close to his eyes. Despite his earlier words, Tony wishes he would lower it. He’s fairly certain the man is gorgeous – the features of his face are sharp and kind at the same time – and he has a clear view of his beautiful eyes, but… Tony wishes he could see
“It’s okay, Tony. I’m okay.” Steve’s voice is in his ear, and Tony shivers. “I’m sorry I scared you.”
intuition, and mentally flinches. “Actually, Nat already figured it out,” Clint says, focusing his gaze on Steve.
He takes the head in his mouth and starts to suck, gently hollowing out his lips as he catalogues what Steve likes more, what makes him shudder and moan, what makes him raise his hands as if to hold on Tony’s hair – before lowering them on his shoulder instead, and squeezing.
The watch beeps its one-minute alert, and Steve goes to hug a confused Tony. He’s just adorable, with the Bambi eyes and the slight frown, and he’s so
It hadn’t been a big ceremony, with only their closest friends and Avengers teammates there, so they only have to gather a few things and settle a couple of others before they’re allowed to leave as well.
, then he still has a lot to learn. Tony had told him it’s barely September 2012, and yeah, he was meant to get there in September 2013, but he’s sure his Tony is going to fix that as soon as he gets back.
Tony closes his eyes and thumps his head against the door, hard. He cannot, for the love of whoever’s out there, believe this.
“Tony.” Steve’s voice is steady and reassuring, and all Tony wants to do is keep hearing it for the rest of his life.
Tony can’t find it in himself to argue, so he just nods. “I was researching. Wanted to know whether shooting your own guests is fashionable these days. Didn’t manage to find anything interesting.”
They’re both turned towards him now. Steve’s blushing a little and has a light frown on his brow; Tony is smirking at him, a hint of surprise in his eyes. “What makes you think we’re together, Clint?”
you think he’s a supervillain, not when he appears in the lab out of nowhere, no, when he comments on your height—”
They kiss hard and rough, then Steve’s mouth is against Tony’s throat, right on his pulse, licking and biting. Tony’s heartbeat is loud in the room, hands grabbing each other’s shoulder and pushing their bodies closer.
The law banning same-sex marriage had just been abolished, and Tony has friends with enough influence to allow them a semi-formal ceremony, resembling a proper wedding even if it can’t be labeled as such, here in New York City.
When they break apart, Tony opens his eyes to find Steve’s staring right into him. His pupils are blown wide and he’s panting a little. Tony can feel his breath on his own mouth, and he struggles to get his own breathing back to normal.
Tony tries to catch his breath as he realizes he made it through a damn Foxtrot with Steve, without ever rehearsing it beforehand. He feels a surge of pride at that. There couldn’t have been two better people for this job, honestly.
Steve nods. His watch now beeps the two-minutes alert, and that makes him shift his attention back to other Steve, hand still in his.
They managed to get the job done and arrest Immortus, but it nearly costed their lives. If Steve hadn’t noticed the sniper in the high gallery, they’d likely be dead.
Eventually, Steve lets go of Tony’s arms. Tony instantaneously misses the warmth of his hands – but that’s okay, because Steve is still next to him, and Tony is grateful.
“Uh…” Tony says tentatively. “Thank you?” he says in a small voice, the words almost sounding like a question.
He looks in the mirror one last time. The blue of his eyes is the only color on his figure tonight. His whole body is covered in black: suit, jacket, shoes, gloves and mask all match the black of his hair.
Ever since they tried to sleep together the first time, things had prevented sex from happening. They keep touching more than usual and they kiss a whole lot around the Tower, yet it never goes further.
Tony hums happily, leaning on Steve’s shoulder as he untangles his hands and puts them near the fire. Steve brings his hand around Tony and holds him closer, and it takes Tony less than two seconds before turning on his side and looking at Steve.
Steve’s fingers are still caressing Tony’s hair and he’s still kissing him, softer this time, when Tony comes back to reality.
But make-pretend with Steve of all people is legitimately going to drive him insane. There have been a few obsessions in Tony’s life, and almost all of them had to do with science. He never really thought too much about people: he could’ve had anyone he wanted anyway.
He fucked up, bad. He should have done his research properly. He should have been more attentive, should have noticed something was off.
“You bet your fine ass,” Tony mutters. “Jarvis, put Pepper through,” he says, leaving the room. He doesn’t even try to cover the hickey he feels forming on his neck.
Immortus got worked up enough to order a damn hit on them. In his own damn gala, or whatever the fuck that thing was.
He knows kissing is more comfortable in bed anyway, especially when it leads to something else afterwards.
He can’t wait to tell his Tony all about this. He’s sure even him would become smitten as soon as he’d land his eyes on tiny Tony.
He’s sure dinner is going to be delicious, even if cold. He doesn’t care one bit. He’s ecstatic Steve feels the same way, and cannot wait to date the hell out of Steve.
He realizes that stopping from casually touching Steve is going to be hell, right at the same time that he realizes what Steve just said.
“Just don’t interrupt my workouts again, Tony.” Steve is trying to sound stern, but Tony can hear the give in his tone. Steve gets closer and closer, until he presses his body against Tony’s.
“Very,” Steve says. He wraps the blanket all around Tony, then he and Tony-the-living-burrito sit on the floor, right in front of the fireplace.
Steve shuts the door behind Tony and then proceeds to pin him to said door, grinding his body into Tony’s and
Immortus is a high-profile magnate with a fierce hate for the LGBT+ community. If his public declarations of hatred wouldn’t suffice, the fact that prostitutes that knowingly work for him end up dead – along with their queer clients – speaks volumes.
At some point, a drunk-on-mead Clint takes the mistletoe from what Tony assumes is the nearest handrail, and throws it in their general direction, yelling “Mistletoe incoming!”
“You didn’t have to do that,” Tony says, gentle. His thumb draws another lazy circle on Steve’s cheek, and Steve smiles. He turns around to kiss him briefly on the hand.
Tony can’t even black out the windows and walls – that would raise questions, and he doesn’t have time to think about explanations.
The man lifts his chin up as he replies. “Steve Rogers,” he says, his eyes glinting with something stronger than admiration.
“Do you want me to come with you?” Steve asks, hand on Tony’s face and a tentative expression on his face.
“What is life without a bit of mystery in it, right?” Pepper asks, rhetorically. Tony knows she means it.
Then Steve goes on. “I love you so much that I’m sure my heart is going to burst someday.” Tony is already shaking his head, but Steve just shushes him. “No, it’s true.
Steve’s cheeks color again – and that makes Tony’s heart lurch a little in his chest. Then Steve says, “Maybe I went too far,” with such a small voice that Tony is seriously tempted to reach out and caress his cheek.
Tony knew he had fans, but he never fully understood before. “Wow,” he whispers. “I wish I could see those drawings you made. I wish I could see all of your works, actually.” It’s Steve’s turn to try and hide from him, so Tony hastens to add, “I really do.” He wonders if he would be able to know what Steve was feeling, just by looking at his drawings.
“Why would anyone want that?” Steve quirks a brow, and it’s obvious he’s holding back from wrinkling his nose in disgust. Tony agrees wholeheartedly.
– and being happy had always felt more like a dream rather than a real possibility. No, it’s always been about the perfect, idealistic, pure person that somehow chose to love the broken mess he is. It’s always been about Steve.
It’s not his finest moment, but Tony has waited a long time to do this. There will be time for finesse later.
Tony opens his eyes and finds Steve looking at him, his blue eyes staring right into him. He feels naked – like all his thoughts are bare for Steve to read. He doesn’t feel exposed, though. Steve still has one hand on Tony’s back and the other in Tony’s hold, he’s right in front of him with pink around his mouth and on his cheeks, and he’s holding his gaze as if he might like what he’s reading there.
, because Steve’s right there and he just bared his heart to Tony. Tony kisses him because they’re going to be better than okay, after all.
“I’m not going to drink this,” Tony cuts him off. “It’s just for having something to do with my hand. Besides, it takes a lot more than a couple of drinks to get me drunk.”
blush, realizing Steve is expecting an answer to a question Tony didn’t hear. “Sorry, what was the question?”
Steve smirks. “Sometimes you’re awfully slow, for being a genius,” he says. He laughs a little at Tony’s indignant face – and right before Tony can protest, he pecks him on the lips. “Yes, really. I don’t remember the last time I looked at you and didn’t feel the urge to kiss you or hold you in my arms.” Tony’s heart threatens to beat right out of his chest as Steve strokes a thumb on his chin, inching up to brush his mouth. Tony parts his lips involuntarily, and Steve’s eyes go dark, zeroing in on his mouth in the fraction of a second. He brushes Tony’s lower lip for a moment, before consciously stopping and looking back up. “After last night, after knowing what being with you – albeit just for show – feels like, I just knew I couldn’t go back. I wanted everything you’d want to give me. Hence, the whole—” He gestures at the table.
Steve feels his heart burst. He takes him in and squeezes him hard, feeling Tony missing a beat in his arms and hugging him back just as strongly. Steve loves the feeling of dwarfing Tony like that, and if he holds on for more than necessary, chests pressing together and hands stroking all over his back, well, you can’t really blame him.
The kiss is perfect and too short at the same time, and when Steve pulls away and whispers, “Let’s go to bed,” Tony only steals another peck before he collects his notebook and pencil, and gets up.
In another life, Tony might ask him that very question. Here and now, though, he shoves it into the corner of unasked, unanswered Steve-questions.
Steve relaxes under his touch and Tony slides his hand down Steve’s back, savoring the curve of each muscle under his palm. He resolutely ignores the infinitesimal part of his brain that is disappointed.
Steve nods, attentive. Tony twists his mouth a little. “And none of that good soldier act.” Steve immediately complies, taking a sip of his iced tea, and Tony smiles. “That’s more like it. Okay.” He takes a breath, then goes on. “Immortus is suspicious now. We lost the element of surprise, if you will. But that doesn’t mean we can’t still rile him up real good.”
“You got me,” Tony says with mirth. Then he sobers up. “Almost everyone here has masks on sticks. Where’s the point of a masquerade ball, if everyone can clearly see who they’re speaking to?”
Tony can’t fully brace himself, before Steve cups his free hand around Tony’s cheeks and kisses him.
Then Tony realizes their Avengers alarm didn’t go off. It’s Jarvis, so that means… “I’m sorry to interrupt, but there’s been a major security breach at Stark International.” Tony groans. “Ms. Potts is waiting for you on the phone, she’s already heading there. She sounds… apprehensive.”
After a battle, Tony flies home Steve and Steve only – he never took anyone else with him. They go to public events together. They occasionally eat dinner together, somewhere. They…
He mechanically grabs the unsweetened cocoa powder, some ice, sugar and milk, and puts them all in the blender. The noise is almost soothing, lulling him into a trance for a couple of seconds, where his mind is blessedly empty.
Steve is making Tony spin on one leg, when he throws Tony off balance just barely, but enough for Tony to notice it.
sneak out for a while, go to the nearest closed room, and it would be easy. They would come back before people noticed they were missing. They could get away with it.
. He was perfectly happy to crush over Steve in the privacy of his mind, with no label on his sentiments; with no physical evidence of what he was missing out.
Steve’s cheeks mirrors Tony’s and he covers his face, making a slightly painful sound. “That was quite inappropriate of me, wasn’t it,” he says, not really a question. His voice is muffled by the hands, but Tony hears his embarrassment anyway.
know it,” he continues, more gently. “You had every right to be upset. You’ve had your fair share of people who wanted to kill you. Your reaction was reasonable.”
They’re both leaning on the kitchen counter, engrossed in their conversation like Clint’s not even there. It would be perfectly normal, if they were talking about a new schematic or a new training project.
Steve didn’t intend for the whole setting to be romantic, surely, Tony chastises himself. No need to indulge in these ridiculous thoughts.
He smiles at her, then dips his head, excusing himself from the ladies as he sees two men approaching them.
He’s wanted Steve Rogers ever since their very first encounter in Berlin. He just wanted to sleep with him at first— he’s daydreamed about it an embarrassing number of times, especially when they used to argue all the time. And the arguing… Well, the arguing led them into each other’s personal space
The room is quiet for several seconds, only the sounds of their soft breathing and Steve’s small kisses on his body breaking the silence. The noise from downstairs doesn’t reach them, the sounds from outside are muffled by the closed windows, and the room feels peaceful, unlike most of Tony’s life, but it’s exactly what he needs these days.
“Soon,” Steve replies, that’s all Tony can take. He takes his hands to Steve’s chest and shoves him a little, trying to get more room to move.
He watches as realization dawns on Steve’s face as well, shock morphing his face as a fierce blush colors his cheeks. Tony would be amused by how much Steve’s blushing, were he sure he was faring any better.
and knows Steve is, too— so he swallows his pride and calls in a favor from Nat. He instructs Jarvis not to be contacted for SI business, short of Pepper or Happy about to literally die. He makes sure to have his schedule cleared for two entire days.
. No evil masterminds casting him away, no stuff to figure out in order to come back, just some coordinates on his watch.
Tony tries to swallow down as much as possible, letting the rest of Steve’s come dribble down his chin. Steve is hunched on him as he shakes through the aftershocks, and Tony massages him through it, enjoying the taste of the last splutters of come he manages to coax out of him.
Clint stares at the scene in front of him, Tony and Steve still bickering, still very much close to each other, and the realization hits him like a full-speed train.
The sensation of pleasure that comes from Steve’s fingers in his hair has Tony shiver with need. He almost breaks the kiss to lean towards Steve’s hands.
Steve is smiling against his mouth as he swallows down moan after moan. His erection is pressed into Tony’s hip – Tony can feel it with every movement of his body as Steve presses against him and lets Tony enjoy the aftershocks until they settle to a halt.
This means he is now free to spend some time with Steve and Tony alone, and what he sees makes him frown,
The man must have been observing him for a long time. It’s nothing short of flattering. He wonders how old the man is – his earnestness and gentle features reminds him of past years, of his energy and innocence right before he decided he wanted to live his life going on adventures, in search for mysteries.
“If it makes your cheeks go red like that, I really do,” Tony says. He realizes what he’s said the second the words leave his mouth.
Steve’s overwhelmed with fondness. He wants nothing more than just hold this Tony in his arms and never let him go, protect him from everything and everyone, forever.
than his Tony. Steve didn’t think it would be possible – but in all fairness, he didn’t think travelling through the multiverse was a possibility either, and yet here he is.
When Steve proposed to him, Tony had to go against all his rational thoughts telling him to say no – because, no matter how impossibly much he loved Steve, he couldn’t possibly deny him the chance of finding a person more worthy than he is of Steve’s love.
Steve nods once, a dark glint passing through his eyes. “Then…” he says, coming closer and closer to Tony.
When Steve looks up at him, he beams his most beautiful, happy smile and says, “Ah, Tony, just in time. I prepared a little something. Did you sleep well?”
“Better?” Steve asks soft, and his voice is so gentle that Tony almost misses Steve’s arms circling his shoulders and waist, half-hugging him from his right side.
With five different calls to Assemble and the constant raining, it has been one of the toughest weeks Tony and Steve have had in their years as Avengers.
That usually wouldn’t be enough to move him, but Steve takes a step back with uncertainty in his eyes, and Tony barely has time to feel cold where he was pressed against Steve, before he steps right back in Steve’s personal space, effectively moving away from the door.
“You are,” the man smiles again, this time a little more genuine. “I was surprised to see you, both of you—” he adds, looking back at Steve for a moment, “since we never officially met. But it’s good to have such dignified guests in one of my parties.”
Neither does Steve, if the way he tenses is anything to go by. “You would be surprised by the circles we
Steve lets his eyes fall on Tony’s left hand – Steve still has the shield on his left arm – and finds nothing. Huh.
Tony fancies himself a hedonistic person; he likes to have nice, beautiful things. He’s spent a fairly high amount of money to get his suit tailored just for this occasion, and he’s treated Steve to the same tailor. This way, they’re somewhat matching outfits, without it being too obvious.
Steve’s always had a special consideration for him, even when everyone else didn’t bother caring. It was the little things— little gestures like bringing food to his lab, sitting there with a sketchpad in his hand just to keep Tony company, suggesting going to medical if he’d been hit even lightly. It was the way he always consulted Tony for his opinion, even when it wasn’t Tony’s field of expertise.
Then he notices the… walls, yes, those are walls. His vision is still pretty blurred, he’s lying on the hard ground and – probably hit his head, or something. He doesn’t remember falling.
The bitter taste on his tongue warms him. Tony relaxes just a fraction; that’s more like it. That’s not too different from his scenes: he takes a drink for good luck, then goes on stages and charms everyone.
Seconds or minutes of pure bliss pass, the kiss has shifted to small little pecks all over their mouths, and Tony feels giddy with happiness. He feels like a teenager.
As he passes next to Steve to leave for the bedroom, he feels the blinding urge to reach out and cup Steve’s face to kiss him goodbye.
“I don’t suppose you’d be interested in cutting it short?” Tony’s sultry voice lingers on the words, filling them with barely-concealed innuendos. His eyes fall to Steve’s lips and then down to Steve’s neck, slightly covered with sweat.
Tony may not deserve Steve, but Steve deserves to be loved, and Tony can do that. He can love him and he
The man looks like he’s embarrassed enough to leave him be, but Tony says before he has the chance to talk, “Then what is it that makes me stand out?”
Steve strokes his thumb on Tony’s cheek, and smiles. “Goodbye, tiniest Tony,” he says. He barely has time to register Tony’s cheeks color and his eyes widen in indignation, before the reality in front of him dissolves and he’s pulled back to his universe, his world. His Tony.
Steve looks positively debauched. His eyes are blown, his shirt rumpled, mouth moist, and a beautiful shade of red is spreading from his cheeks down his neck, just to disappear under the collar of his shirt. Tony needs to know how far down the blush goes.
It’s no secret Tony is nothing but a slut for all sorts of pain, especially when Steve is in the equation.
Steve attacks his mouth again, silencing Tony with his tongue in an open-mouthed kiss that does nothing to dampen the fire inside Tony. His thigh is still between Tony’s, and he’s moving back and forth, thrusting pointedly – and Tony is losing his mind.
Steve just sighs a little. “You still have no idea how you make me feel, what you do to me.” It’s not a question, so Tony doesn’t answer. “It’s okay,” Steve continues. “I have a lifetime to prove it to you, day after day, until I make sure you understand that. Even if that’s the last thing I ever do.”
Steve’s eyes are gentle as he smiles in his palm. He turns his head a little and kisses Tony’s hand. “I couldn’t really leave you, you know. I love you.”
The sense of deja-vu is broken as Steve thrusts a leg between his thighs. Tony rolls his eyes and moans wantonly into Steve’s mouth, his perfect thrust igniting every nerve of his body via his dick. He grips Steve’s ass and squeezes, feeling the firmness of the flesh under his fingers shift ever so, as Steve moans and thrusts his thigh against Tony’s dick again.
Life has taught him that a lot of the things he does are going to backfire spectacularly, and this is definitely one of those.
Additionally, he’s glad his face is not recognizable enough for people to go and talk to him like they would at a normal ball.
Tony distantly wonders whether he’s going to be able to invent a technology that prints images directly from one’s brain. He feels like he needs to have albums over albums of Steve’s thoroughly kissed face. He’ll give it proper thoughts later on.
Tony gets more comfortable on the sofa, maneuvering them so that he lies on top of Steve, and starts deepening the kisses, intent clear in his actions as he moves his body on top of a very interested super-soldier.
Steve’s eyes sparkle with something. “Oh, I know you are.” He tries to put innuendo in the words, but he’s just too happy to do a great job. The words are light, and the attempt has Tony laughing, with Steve following him after half a second.
Steve nods. “Yeah, that bothered me too. Fury believes Immortus never considered us guests; just snoopers. I think Immortus wasn’t quite as ‘low threat’ as we believed, but it’s over now. He’s accused of attempted second-degree murder. Don’t worry about it now,” he finishes.
“I am doing it for solely selfish reasons, just so you know,” Tony says, still grinning, but looking down and up Steve’s body, appreciatively. He has less muscles than Tony, but Tony has always been a sucker for a lean build.
He wants to hear Steve’s voice saying his name like that all the time. He wants to make Steve lose his cool; get all flushed and glassy-eyed. He wants to whisper filth in his ear and have him shiver and moan for him.
“You’re such a huge dork, Rogers,” he mutters. He does stand up, though, shivering again, and loses his coat quickly and throws it on the chair next to the sofa. “Happy now?”
Steve didn’t let himself get distracted while Tony was wrapped up in his own agenda. There was a reason why Steve was their leader.
Tony almost whines in frustration. He looks up at Steve with regret, feeling only the tiniest bit of relief as he takes in the mournful expression of Steve’s face.
Tony is a little jealous of his innocence, in a way that makes him well-disposed towards him. He smiles a little. “You’re quite right, although there is no lady in sight for me.” He deliberately pauses. He doesn’t ask the man why he came and talked to him if he thought Tony wanted to be alone. He just waits a couple of seconds, in which he figures the man must be asking himself that very question.
Tony starts laughing at the same time Steve tries to step away. Tony turns to him and buries his head into Steve’s chest, giggles still shaking his body. “Tony—” Steve says, a little warning in his tone. He has the worst, biggest fond expression on his face.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t introduce myself,” Steve says. He straightens his back because his legs still feel a bit numb, and looks at the other Steve. “I’m Steve Rogers, I’m from Earth-12041.” He shifts his gaze back on Tony, taking in his wonder and excitement, crystal clear on his face.
Soft music is still playing in the background, and it just lulls them both into a content, motionless adagio before they have to move and go home.
“You’re an absolute menace, Steve Rogers.” Tony says with mirth. Then he adds, “You’re lucky I feel the same way.”
—Not that he wouldn’t like to eliminate the ‘almost’. Tony is sure Steve is proportional all around, and he really wants to know how Steve’s frame would look like with Tony on his knees in front of him—
He’s never going to stop thinking about it, is he? That little brush of lips will be forever etched into his memory, branded into his skull for good. If someone were to open his brain one day, they would find there, for all to see, the words ‘I kissed Steve Rogers.’
Tony doesn’t know when Steve became such a good kisser, but he’s thanking and sending his blessing to whatever the reason.
Tony nods. “Okay.” He feels some of his tension seeping out of him and stands up. “Where are the others anyway?” he changes topic as he takes his glass to the sink.
Steve’s fingers brush Tony’s as he passes him the smoothie, and Tony feels the hysterical urge to take a step forward and kiss Steve good morning.
Tony figures they would have to practice a little beforehand, if they wanted to sell it half-convincingly. The thought of kissing Steve only when watched was nagging the back of Tony’s head. The thought of
“You’re right,” Steve nods. “This is more of a multiverse slash time GPS, it allows me not to get lost in the quantum realm.”
Steve Rogers has been his friend for the better part of two years now. He’s a normal human being, with his values, virtues and flaws. Tony has learned a lot about Steve during these two years – how he prefers his coffee in the morning right after his morning run, how he likes to take out his frustration on the reinforced punching bags in the gym, how he’d rather stew in silence and misery than ask for help. It’s a whole other process, discovering little things about him; very different from what learning everything he could about Captain America has been.
Now they’re in the ballroom, after shaking hands with only a few people. It’s a blessing, considering the type of characters around them.
But then he saw Steve’s face, his earnest expression, his eyes bright with love and desire and burning hope, and Tony just couldn’t bring himself to crush all that.
It’s going to be Captain America and Tony Stark, and Tony is definitely overthinking it and the night hasn’t even started.
Tony is back to the previous night. He’s back in Steve’s arms. They’re dancing again, Steve holds him close. They’re kissing, Tony can feel Steve’s body against his like they never parted.
After a couple of seconds, Steve leans back and lies on the bed, facing Tony. He is not quite smiling; his gaze is focused and thoughtful. Tony’s hand comes up to caress Steve’s cheek, because apparently, he can’t keep away from him.
“That makes two of us today, then,” Tony replies. His voice is thinner than usual, and in any other moment he would find it embarrassing. Right now, he couldn’t care less.
“Nat and Clint are on a mission for SHIELD, they should be back in a couple of days. And Bruce is still with Thor in London. Leave it, I can do it,” he adds, as Tony opens the tap to rinse his glass.
The Tower temperature is not high enough to warm Tony up, so he rushes to the elevator and doesn’t even take a detour to his bedroom to lose the jacket first.
Next thing they know, Clint is cursing loudly and bitching about how they should keep the gross stuff for the bedroom, how that would have triggered a Hulk situation and that they should be lucky it was him instead, yadda yadda yadda.
He looks up through his lashes and the angle makes his stomach twists fiercely. Steve is looking down at him with hazy eyes and his lower lip between his teeth.
Being this close to Steve boldens Tony enough to part his lips and brush his tongue on Steve’s lower lip.
do that – but the two of them were the only ones to be present at every one of the five calls that week, and he’s
“I think it’s going to be fun. Just picture Immortus’ face when he sees us kissing right in front of his salad.”
Suddenly, making a list of all the things Tony and Steve do together doesn’t seem the best idea of his life. Clint feels his sicker by the minute, his cheeks going paler and paler the more details he notices.
“We’ll enjoy a homemade dinner, it’ll make us feel proud that we applied ourselves to something out of our field expertise, and succeeded.”
He helps Tony standing up, then puts himself right next to him, shield in front of them both. Protecting Tony.
Just a moment later, voices start to fill up his ears. Two voices, to be precise, both of them male, both of them with a heavy New York cadence – yet so different from each other.
Tony’s heart is wild in his chest. He doesn’t know how to reply to that. Courtesy flattery, he can deal with. Enthusiastic fans, he can handle. But heartfelt compliments, he’s never learned how to feel about those.
“No need to apologize,” Tony whispers back. He makes no effort to move, and neither does Steve. “We have to practice.” He’s proud of how little innuendo he manages to slip through the sentence. Maybe he’s really become mature.
Besides, saying no would only mean Tony didn’t believe in them enough to give it a proper chance, or, even worse, that he didn’t love Steve as much as Steve loved him.
He’s about to tug Steve to the side, to take him away from the dance floor, when the orchestra starts playing again.
The only ounce of modesty he’s got left prevent him from doing so, and instead he attacks Steve’s neck, going to town like he’s trying to make Steve come just by sucking hickeys into his skin.
“That won’t be necessary,” Steve says. Tony doesn’t have the time to feel his hope dim, because Steve says, “I already did that. Apparently, I now have a job at
It’s a flash thought, but irrationally, Tony hopes they could keep doing this. Dancing, being close to each other to the point of casual touches;
Tony’s never been happier to have taken part in a mission. He drinks in Steve’s flushed cheeks and his kiss-swollen lips again. He feels like walking on sunshine.
“Hey, it’s not your fault,” Steve says, kindly. “It’s not like you are or were an expert in this kind of stuff, despite what some people might think. Besides,” and he smirks, “you don’t have to be perfect all the time, you know.”
Tony and Steve move closer to the free space at the center of the room. They hadn’t danced much during the evening: they had opened the first dance according to tradition, but there hadn’t been much room for more than a slow dance, so they had settled on just sitting and sometimes greeting the guests and chatting with them.
Of course, in every world of the multiverse, he’s going to protect Tony. It’s such a deeply rooted feature of himself he can’t imagine anything different.
“And Thor always drops his guard, like that,” Steve says as he lowers a little, in order to demonstrate his words. Tony is finding it pretty hard to focus on the tactics and moves. He swirls the pencil in his hands as he notes down what Steve’s saying, but his mind is elsewhere.
Then Steve speaks again. “But he brought me the paper anyway, because right in the first page, right in the middle, there was a photograph of you. That was the first picture of you I had ever seen. I remember every detail… I remember your shirt, your mussed hair, I remember your smile. It was blinding, slightly cocky, but warm. I remember your eyes. God, your eyes are beautiful. No one has ever managed to get them quite right.”
Then Steve moves his fingers experimentally and Tony outright moans, this time breaking the kiss and gasping out loud. “Steve,
The grip is nice and strong, even though Steve’s hands are much more delicate than Tony’s calloused ones.
Steve loosens his grip but barely moves away, just so he can look at Tony in the eye. He lifts his chin with one hand, and Tony has no power to resist – he never does. He looks into Steve’s limpid eyes and almost crumbles under their intensity.
He feels slightly dizzy, mesmerized by Steve’s look and attitude, and by his gentleness and care. He has never been in this situation before, as
He’s tempted to start researching everyone again, but another rumble of his stomach makes him decide to get something to eat, and then have some shut eye.
He is familiar with PTSD, he’s never completely recovered from Afghanistan or the Chitauri; he just learned how to deal with them. Someone ordering a hit on him probably hit too close to home. Not to mention the fact that he spent the night playing the royal couple with Steve.
His expression is so similar to his Tony’s that he doesn’t even think before saying, “Gosh, you’re magnificent.”
This was Tony’s reasoning for getting both of their tuxes done by his tailor, despite Steve’s protests. It was for purely aesthetic reasons.
Tony smiles as Steve turns to face him. He sips his Cosmo as his other hand moves to Steve’s abdomen. He feels every single muscle of his six-pack as he brushes his hand up, lingering on Steve’s pecs before sliding up his neck.
Steve squares his shoulders. He already figured Tony still has a way of making this work, Tony guesses. He isn’t wrong.
No matter how many times Steve says those words, they never fail to make Tony’s heart miss a beat. He will never be able to recover when it’s all over, but it’s okay. He was never supposed to, he knew that from the first day.
Tony wills his blush to die before he turns around, and is faced with Steve in his morning outfit. He is wearing sweatpants and a blue t-shirt that does nothing to hide his muscles, and his neck is slightly glistening with what Tony supposes is sweat.
“This is my job, now. I am an artist. You inspired me to do yet another thing, in my life.” Steve can’t stop smiling. “I owe you so much.”
Jarvis silently adjust the model of the suit like Tony demands. Tony twists it a little, working on every angle and manually tightening the suit’s measurements where doable.
“Not necessarily,” Tony says, slowly. The plan they had before is being redefined in his head, adjusting interactions and testing out details.
“With all due respect, Sir, I don’t think Captain Rogers’ enhanced reflexes suffer all that much from loose fitted pants.”
Steve barely has time to feel disappointed, though, because he takes a good look at this Tony and the first adjective his mind comes up with is ‘breathtaking.’ The man is breathtaking.
