And he didn’t know how to save any of them.
She lowered her head, surprised when Teal moved so he was under it and she was resting on his back. She was used to this from larger daemons, from Beanie when she needed comfort.
Dean shut the door behind her, circling around to the other side of the car. Castiel tried to remind himself that there was nothing in the fact that he went around the front. It was shorter way around and Mira was known to paw at the radio to try and get her choice of tape in before Dean got into the car. Castiel was surprised that she wasn’t already muzzle deep in the tape box now. She was kind of slumped in the seat, staring over at them.
“If I wanted.” Teal started to drag his wing back into place before giving up. Everything felt stiff from staying still for so long. “Depends on if you mean like a bird or angel.”
There had been an agreement. Lucifer offered his help to destroy the Darkness, but he needed a vessel. They couldn’t let Sam go through it again, and Dean couldn’t. It had made sense.
“Teal?” It took him a moment to look back at her, all of his feathers puffing outward. Mira wanted to smooth them down, but he looked like he was about to fly to the next continent.
Castiel watched her for a moment, Mira meeting his gaze. She visibly bracing herself like she expected him to barge through her. When he didn’t move the stiffness in her tail eased slightly. “Cas…”
Dean looked over at Mira groaned, watching her turn inelegantly from one side to the other. She stretched out her legs as far as they would go, Dean wincing at the pop of her shoulder and the echo in his own. Mira slumped with a huff, lifting her left leg up and down. “Damn, forgot about that.”
The question caught him off guard, Castiel blinking at Teal. He was certain that he had not spoken out loud, and that the thought hadn’t drifted over, which meant that he was being transparent. Dangerously so.
Castiel glanced up at her. “You didn’t know.”
“They’ve got this. We’ve still got something to do.”
“Pull the other one.”
The wolf was staring off into the footwell, but Dean doubted she saw anything. She hadn’t said anything since they had carried Cas into the house, and he was jealous. He wished that he could do the same, it would be easier. Instead, he had to keep going, keep hunting, live with the thing that killed Cas, and deal with the people who came flooding in for an explanation.
She didn’t look like she heard him, instead picking up speed as she ran down a cleared section of street. She would definitely outrun him, although Dean was sure that she would stop before she hit the point where either of them would feel pain. It wasn’t panic that was sending her off, it was just the need to get away from the crowds, away from the people who looked wrong and wanted to touch her. At least they were somewhere where it was quieter, except that she wasn’t stopping.
“Well, you’re you.”
The pyre burned down to embers as the sky was just starting to gain color.
“It’s too cold for a bath with the hose and Bobby swore he wasn’t going to let me into the tub after the last time.”
Teal walked along the front of the van, not seemed to care about the hood that was above him or the engine block on the other side. He settled himself just above one of the headlights, head titled to the side. “Yes, inside. Is that a problem?”
The garage that the van was towards the front of the property, tucked among the junker cars and at a distance from the house. It was too far for any daemon to roam from their human, not without considerable pain. And now that he was realizing it, it made his stomach drop and swoop like he was on an airplane.
The voices moved closer, Teal perking up at the sound of Mira’s. She was teasing Sabine about something, although that came to a stop abruptly.
“Yeah? I wasn’t aware that you were an expert on daemons.”
Cas hummed instead of giving an answer, although he didn’t sound upset. Dean glanced up at him, getting a look at Cas’ thinking face. He was still on the edge of the roof, looking down at the group below. Obviously, it wasn’t with all of his attention because Teal was still waiting in the space between them, his gaze on Dean. It was habit at this point to stare back, Dean not even realizing what he was doing until he realized that Teal was starting to edge towards him.
His throat closed with a click, Teal making a low sound as he pressed up against the box.
“Disturbing.” Teal tucked his wings close with a shiver. “Was I there?”
Dean winced at the memory. “Tell them to watch out for that rift.”
Dean slumped forward, bracing his arms against the steering wheel. It felt like Mira was sprawled on his chest. It was struggling to rise and fall, to drag air in. It felt like he was drowning, and the world smelled of smoke again.
He snapped out of his thoughts, staring back at Teal as the raven perched on the van. He was nearly angel-still, like the other daemons of the vessels. But Dean could see moments when that broke, a twitch of a wing or tail, the way that he shifted on the van.
Some part of him raged that it had to be a question, that the two of them were so fucked up that Dean had to contemplate what would happen if his daemon didn’t want to be with him anymore.
Then again, he and Castiel never wanted to be that far from them either. And yet, they had never managed it.
And Teal…
She didn’t quite know what she wanted.
Where the Empty had been quick with Fate, it seemed to take its time with Cas, wrapping him and Mira almost lovingly in its embrace.
That got Cas to back down. “Dean…”
That was as much of a surprise as the regret that he felt from Teal, and the realization that the only reason that Mira was hurt was because Teal had acted like any other daemon would have and taken care of the threat with the efficiency of the soldier that Castiel had been. And the only reason that Teal wasn’t injured was because Mira hadn’t fought back. Like Dean hadn’t fought back.
He held Sam’s gaze, struggling not to show how relieved he was when Sam nodded. It was even better when Sam relaxed and let his hand fall on Sabine. That seemed to be the cue for the maned wolf to relax as well. She leaned into Sam for a moment before starting down the stairs. Mira waited until they were even before she descended to where Dean was waiting at the bottom.
The anger wanted to hold on, it felt good and right. It meant that he didn’t feel like he was about to crawl out of his skin. And Cas could take it, Cas was an angel and Teal was a feathered ball of grace. The two of them had been able to hold him and Mira down before, they could do it again.
Eduora. Parsons. Iola. Coffeyville. Augusta.
Mira was croaking out a desperate “Don’t do this” filled with his rage and fear. And Dean was following her, pulled along by her hurt. “Not to us.”
“Dean.” He looked back up at Cas, swallowing hard at the angry expression on his face. “What else?”
Mira flattened her ears, shooting him a panicked look that Dean didn’t know how to smooth over. Animals didn’t talk, that was a given in both worlds. Mira had been keeping quiet as a precaution, but they had blown that because they had thought this was Cas. They had thought that they were safe. Dean glanced over at Sam, what little remaining thought he had flickering out to nothing when he felt the bird resettle itself so its claws were digging into his arms.
He didn’t get the chance to wonder for too long because he heard a flap of wings, his gaze jumping automatically to Cas. Except Cas didn’t fly anymore, and they sounded too big to be Teal.
Dean swallowed, glancing over at Mira. It had been hard enough not coaxing Cas into another round at the motel, hard enough to keep from dropping to his knees when he had seen Cas in all of his commanding glory. He hadn’t even fought when Crowley had kept introducing blue eyed, dark haired men into their orgies, he had just gone for them because it was enough like Cas. And the bird daemons…
He started a bit at the thud of a book closing, fighting the urge to look over at Cas. He was probably settling into research, like everyone else was doing in their spare moments. Dean just didn’t know what Cas would find. He was sure that he had Sam had been through these books over and over with no better answer.
There was a crack as Dean crouched beside them. “Yeah, and I bet you can fly too.”
“Bossy.” Dean let go of her tail, stepping up to pat her rump. “This is what happens when I leave you with Sam and Sabine.”
Teal took a moment longer, Castiel feeling his claws digging into his shoulder before the raven relented. He turned his head to watch as Teal tucked in his wings, seeming to shrink into himself. It was within his power to do so, Castiel was sure of it, and yet he remained the same. Castiel wasn’t sure if that was welcome, or worrying.
Castiel was tempted to pull on their connection, to see if Teal was daemon enough that he was restricted to the impossibility of feelings only, and not sensation. It should have been shared once, but now he wasn’t sure. Even more pressing, Cas wasn’t sure that if it would count as breaking the taboo.
Teal turned then, looking between Dean and Mira. “Angels don’t have souls, so I’m not made of one. I’m like his sword, grace made manifest in a visible and permanent way.” Teal cocked his head to the side. “Wrapped around one of his heads, I think.”
“And you’re the one with the drive back.” There was a pause that was quickly filled with a long sigh. “I have healed and remade you enough to know that sleeping in the back of your car will mess with your back.”
And then the
The maned wolf was the first step forward, dropping down a few steps. “It’s not that we’re not happy you’re here, Teal. It’s just the last time Cas was here, it wasn’t Cas. It was Lucifer.”
Not when the Empty reached their shoulders.
And that was perfect, Cas deserved somewhere nice and peaceful because he hadn’t gotten many good things in his life.
“Inside?” Mira dropped down, taking a step back towards Dean.
Dean swallowed, fighting the urge to grin with her. They were human, they were less than fine, but at least they weren’t that. They weren’t a demon and a hellhound looking for their next kill. And yet something of that remained.
They snatched them back, tucking the limbs between their rings and out of danger, but their eyes did not wander. They were fixed on the Righteous Man and the wolf.
Mira didn’t have the same restraint. Her snarl had him tensing up, part out of habit because she only made that sound when there was a threat, and partially out of the expectation of pain. That sound, that deep, that wolflike had always come with Adina’s teeth around her neck until Mira was on the ground and remembering her manners.
He’d killed gods before.
Cas sighed. “He will be for a while. We’ve been demanding a lot of him. Between taking those who want to stay to get daemons and helping with the initial set up of the chapter houses-”
Or maybe Lucifer had gotten to them first.
It lasted for what felt like an eternity, but he was getting used to those whenever Cas was around. Teal broke it with a blink that Dean wasn’t sure was necessary, and then Teal was speaking, slowly like he was picking out his words carefully. Or trying to gently coax something. “I’m not a daemon, so the taboo doesn’t apply.”
Rage bubbled up, Dean hearing Mira shift by him. He gestured at her, not sure that it would hold her back and ambivalent on if that mattered or not.
“Dean-”
“How?”
This was barely forgivable, but to leave them like this was worse. He could hear the awkward breaths that Dean was taking through his broken nose, and Castiel wasn’t sure if Mira still had a left eye under all of that blood. He could heal Dean, but healing Mira would be a fraction after that and Dean would get a chance to feel all of that without his own injuries as a distraction. If Dean allowed such a thing at all.
“I’m just…trying to imagine Sabine as a fluffy cat.”
He took gasping breaths until the feeling had eased, but it wasn’t gone. It would never be gone. But at least he could lift his head.
Teal gave the door one last glance before tucking his head under his wing.
Cas jolted at that, which meant that he hadn’t had the time to brace for it, or do anything to defend himself. And Mira was already locking her jaws around the meat of his shoulder, Dean watching as the muscles in her neck tensed. And the only way she would let go was if Cas broke her jaw, and even then Dean was sure that she wasn’t about to let go.
“In case you break out with a case of poisoning.”
Not when it closed over Cas and Mira.
She started skirting around the end of the bed, intending to seek out a place close by on the carpet. It wasn’t padded well, but the bed for her was barely better. And she had slept on worse.
Then back wider. Soroti. Satte. Sao Pedro de Aldeia. San Severo. Suphan Buri.
She went boneless, lipping aimlessly at the tips of feathers as she slid off of Teal. Her head hit the floor, but Teal didn’t leave her there. He moved closer, still continuing his tentative grooming.
Teal frowned at that, tempted to nip her, but it felt good to be leaning up against something. Instead, he just knocked the side of his beak against her leg. “I can.”
Her jaw worked for a moment, Dean abruptly struck by the fact that the last time either of them had handled Teal it had been her. And it was the Teal in that twisted future Zachariah had sent them to. And Teal had been dying.
Dean’s gaze darted to and then away from him. “Where are your clothes?”
They were confused by that. Castiel had wiped away the years of scars and half-healed injuries, any lingering pain should have been gone.
Cas gave him a long look before dropping his head. Dean thought he saw a hint of a wry smile, but he was distracted by the way that Teal was inching closer.
“Have we apologized for the apocalypse?” Teal turned to look at him, slipping further in his sprawl against Jack’s box.
“I don’t know. Maybe Sam was fighting him even then and we didn’t know it.”
That was another problem. Cas was saying that he had changed and all Dean could think about was how this was all wrong. The last time Cas had changed it had led to a fucked up 2014, and him bleeding out against the side of a building while a Dean that hadn’t cared died at the foot of Lucifer. And Mira carrying the raven that hadn’t even been named, the one that Cas had refused to tell him the name of because he had still cherished that memory, because Cas couldn’t even get to his daemon in the end.
They mantled their wings protectively, turning their heads to scan for demons, but there was no sign of smoke. At least for now. They turned a head back, perking up when they saw that the two were moving again, although it was just the Righteous Man rolling onto his side.
He dropped his hand to rest on Teal’s back, trying to flatten the feathers that had puffed up. “I’m watching.”
Teal echoed Cas’ desperate sound, Mira immediately tugging him closer. “Got you.”
“Teal, get down here.” Mira tipped her head back, making an awkward lean for the edge of his wing. He was too far away for her to get a good grip and pull him down, and Dean was not helping. He and Cas were talking now, words that were meaningless to Mira at the moment. The thing that mattered was the feeling.
Castiel looked around, unease flowing between them. “Amara isn’t here, so what are we…” He frowned. “Lucifer.”
Fake Cas stood up, not taking a step back. “I mean, I guess you could pick from what she said on the show and her movies but…wow. Who else are you going to spring that on?”
He didn’t get to finish before she was pitching her voice louder. “Of course. Anything for Mary. I like the fire in that one. If any of mine catch poor little Larkin, I’ll send word right away. In fact, I have just the demon for it. Boudica!”
Rowena gasped with far more shock than was necessary, especially since she had been a part of their desperate scramble to find where Jack had blasted Larkin away to. Sam had sent out a modified version of her tracking spell to every hunter in their network to try.
“It’s gone.”
When he looked back, Rowena was looking at him with a knowing smile. “Don’t think I didn’t notice. It’s a rare sight to see that ball of grace hanging on your shoulder.” She flicked her fingers in Teal’s direction. “Something’s happened.”
He had probably broken Mick’s hand before he had left, but he and Godiva had deserved it. Mick with his demands and Godiva with the way that she had been fluttering in front of Mira’s muzzle.
Dean laughed, remembering watching Mira pacing around the edges of the bar, a very determined pine marten following her and pouncing at her tail. What wasn’t as funny was when Mira had turned to pin Growley to the ground. Crowley had waved them on, not seeming to care what happened, and Dean had been very tempted to just let her. But they were in a bar and he’d been sated.
Pain flared through his hand at the same time he heard her yelp, the sound muffled by his hand. She let go of him a moment later, Dean cursing and stumbling back. He clutched his hand close, staring at the ash that coated it and the blood from the deep bite. Dean looked back up at his daemon, watching as Mira lifted up her right paw, holding it up like it hurt. He hoped it did, because his hand was throbbing.
Teal blinked at her for a moment, all angelic coldness that she knew that she and Dean deserved, and she still resented him for it. Then he tilted his head to the side. “I wasn’t. If I wanted to hide, you wouldn’t be able to find me.”
Cas hummed, his gaze dropping to the Mark. Dean fought the urge to cover it up. Hiding it was a strange impulse considering that Cas knew and was working to fix it. That still didn’t mean that he enjoyed attention on it.
! Don’t tell me you were happy with just Cas.”
She wavered where she was braced on the van, but didn’t quite back off. It looked to descend into another staring contest, like neither the angel or daemon could help themselves. Whatever it was, it was beyond time that Mira had her share of it. Except not where he was working.
She dropped back onto her side with a huff, tipping her head back to look over at Cas. “Hey.”
Castiel reached up to brush his fingers over Teal’s chest, pausing when Teal turned almost completely to the side. Castiel didn’t have to look down to know that Mira was passing close. Teal told him more than enough. Besides, Castiel was always aware of where Dean was in relation to him.
Or maybe he was projecting.
Castiel raised an eyebrow, but Dean didn’t dignify that with an answer. Dean seemed to be busy studying the sides of his neck, probably searching for the black lines that indicated the creep of the poison. He grumbled something under his breath, letting go of Castiel’s chin to brush his shirt collar aside. Castiel sighed, tilting his head to bare his neck better. It would move the inspection along faster, and it was almost worth it for the hitch that he heard in Dean’s breathing.
“I’m serious too. My head’s already a messed up enough place as it is.”
“Quit it, Sam.”
“Sorry. Sorry! I must sound like
and I let you get away with it.”
“There are a thousand people here!” Sam protests, and distantly, Castiel hears Uriel argue that this is not the first city he’s purged, but Castiel is still watching Dean.
“I brought orange peel pocky, prawn and cocktail sauce-flavored potato chips, green tea Kit Kats, and elk jerky,” he announced once he’d unzipped it.
is that I’m not gay,” Dean explains as if it should be obvious. “And neither are you. So, what the hell is wrong with people…?”
“Oh, you know these kinds of meals go. We might be here for another hour or two.”
Dean, who had been rummaging through his fridge, peeked his head out to glance at the clock display on the oven. “It’s… 12:07 AM. You really think my brain can understand what you’re talking about right now?”
“Or for anyone answering to be an angel. Unless it was holy fire, I would just keep going back for whatever items you and Sam wanted me to get.” Cas shrugs, the trench coat that he kept on after his walk nearly sweeping the floor where he sits on Dean’s desk chair. “I would probably start with particular magical items in the storage room, though. Some of them would likely cause a nuclear-level event if they were to be set on fire.”
Which brings me to the other fucked up part of all of this. Because, you know, I might have done a bit of creepy stalking Sam myself when he was at Stanford just to make sure that the kid was OK—but I didn’t… you know, get all butterfly tingly about it. But when Cas looked at past me…
that you called, Gabriel?” he asked, hearing his office chair squeak under his shifting weight.
“I’ve realized,” Castiel said, drily. Not to mention, it smelled like a gym locker room. “I’ll probably start looking for cars this week.”
Dean was fast asleep on the couch, still in his jeans.
Cas asks him how he learned to shoot, which leads to Dean telling him about his dad. In-between, Cas shares some anecdotes about his own childhood, but they don’t linger on the dark topics for long—somehow smoothly transitioning into a discussion of the most unrealistic knife and gun fights in movies.
He’d been spending at least a few days a week with the actor for a couple of months now. He was in another one of Dean’s shirts, holey jeans,
He almost leaned over to say as much to Cas—only the author was on the other side of the table for once. So, instead, he caught Cas’s gaze, nodded his head in the new couple’s direction, and then rolled his eyes, fondly.
“I never describe his appearance in the books at all. And now that
terrible.
“—and you somehow didn’t find that really fuckin’ confusing?”
Charlie raised an eyebrow but didn’t comment.
so. Okay, yes, cellphone laws are still in their infancy. No one’s quite sure if personal photos that aren’t copyrighted count as intellectual property or not. But if he switched your SIM cards, that means he took your
“So…it’s going to be like watching a movie now?” Other Me asks.
Cas became very still.
Meanwhile, Dean was still arguing with Sam. “If you want to have a chit-chat, you can do it on your own time…. No, Bitch…. Because I said ‘
“Okay, okay, stop with the staring. You’ve made your point—and I’m running on a clock too, you know,” Pamela interrupted.
“Nothing bad,” the actor murmured unconvincingly. “I just… I got you—a present, I guess—that I just sort of remembered now.”
With that, he finishes up his business and heads back, determined to act completely normal.
And yet, only a few minutes later….
“Text me her current address!” he shouts over his shoulder, already halfway out the door.
“Technically, I didn’t take out a billboard on Crowley. I rented the billboard
Sam’s open expression instantly transformed into a scowl. “You know what, Dean, you’re not invited. Cas, d’you know two people who’d want to come?”
number of pages that was Cas’s contract with the agent, trying to look for loopholes.
“Which you didn’t buy any
if he was going back to the dining room either.
“We need to talk,” Sam finally says, closing the door behind him and quickly drawing a sigil on the doorknob that causes it to glow red. “More specifically,
“Well, you don’t have to sound so surprised about it.”
Dean turned to Castiel. “I’m just going to make mashed potatoes real quick.”
when he wasn’t even thinking about Dean at all.
“It’s not like spending time with you is a bother, Cas,” Dean said, softly, almost like he was making a confession. Their eyes locked. It was the same way stars aligned or tectonic plates came together. Time slowed down.
He did. Or he thought he did. But, “You find out I’m going public and now out of nowhere, you’re—”
is also there—pinning him against a tree. There’s a rough scrape of bark against his lower back where his shirt has ridden up—standing in delightful contrast to the plush lips seeking out his pulse point.
He looks directly into my eyes as he leans into my fingers.
“Absolutely not,” he insisted—just as Dean said, “No, Sammy.”
Dean, who had been walking around the car, stopped in his tracks. “You’re joking, right?” Then, answering his own question, “Of course not. That’s… really, really pathetic, Cas.”
“Relationships are messy. It was with Karen.” I open my mouth to protest, but he just rolls his eyes. “It’s like that with you and Sam too. But often it’s the people we yell at the loudest that we care about the most. You saw it. Even when the two of them were arguing, they were struggling to keep apart—like two magnets fighting their nature.”
“Emmanuel…?” her voice has stepped closer and, reluctantly, I turn around to face her. There’s sadness in her blue eyes that I put there and a not-unfamiliar feeling of guilt spreads through me, coloring everything it touches, like dye making its way through water.
Mira pawed at his leg, using the motion more than the touch to get Cas’ attention. “They had like five different dogs to play me. All of them, in a pen, running around.” She heaved like she was about to throw up. “Disgusting.”
“If you’re done primping…” Mira turned her head towards the bed, cracking a smile when she saw Dean sprawled bonelessly there, one hand hanging off the edge in the habitual request.
Dean blinked, surprised at how much of a struggle it was to string words together. He finally managed a laugh. “You saying I’m not a perfect creation?”
There was always a time that Teal had stopped before, some line that he and Cas maintained that Dean only guessed at. He knew that Mira enjoyed pressing against that limit for them, and he hadn’t done anything to stop her in years.
Mira nodded before bounding just a bit ahead, remaining well within the distance that daemons could travel. She never did venture too far from Dean.
separated from their demon somewhere in the artic and tuned the fuck back out.
Lucifer screamed at him, but Teal only stayed for the first sound of the word. He launched into flight, skipping across cities and continents randomly to keep Lucifer from catching up with him easily.
He settled for a nod, wiggling out of Mira’s hold before making an awkward jump for her shoulder. His wing twinged a bit, but that was easily fixable, when he was feeling more like himself again. For now, it was enough to curl his claws into Mira’s fur. Mira turned to look at him, blinking slowly before turning around.
“Mick and Kelly have been working on getting the chapter houses running. They’ve had trouble with the one in Rhode Island.”
Teal looked up, the blue-white of grace flashing underneath his feathers. “Cas.”
Rowena’s gaze flicked over to him before she sat up. “If I had known that you had managed my resurrection spell so handily, I would have brought the poor dear her daemon myself. Or I would have had him waiting here for you. However, this visit was such a lovely surprise. It’s good to see you boys again.”
Mira swallowed hard, like she was keeping back a noise. And she was shaking again, enough that she had to brace herself to keep herself upright. Dean could feel himself spiraling down that way, although Mick had helped with that. Now it was back to a simmer instead of boiling over. But he could feel the next one, right at the back of his teeth waiting for the next slip, and then he’d explode.
“Dean?”
“Uh.” Dean clicked through the tabs, pointedly ignoring the references to the Mark of Cain and curse removal. There was a more pressing problem, like getting the urge out before he went all crazy on Sam again. Although they might want to warn Sam to hide the hammers. “Well, a few hauntings.”
“Dean?” Sam’s voice had him scrambling to his feet and turning back to the door. Sam wasn’t completely visible, but Teal could place him by the knock on the dent that he had left. Sabine was the only hint of where he was, although that was never a guarantee either. Here at home, Sabine was more inclined to wander away from the carefully set limits of where daemons roamed. And that was partially his fault too.
She broke the silence with a soft laugh, the sound enough to have Dean and Mira turning to face her. “Don’t worry yourself over Sam. He’s perfectly safe.”
“Just do it.” Castiel jerked his gaze up as Dean spoke, Dean’s voice cracking over the words. Dean was pushing himself up from his hunched over position, but his bad hand was still resting on Mira, keeping her down. The wolf didn’t seem to care, her head lolling further back on Dean’s lap as she panted.
“Yeah.” Dean knocked the book away in favor of reaching out for Sam’s laptop. “Sammy should have something on tap, we just have to dig through all of his research notes and,” Dean paused, squinting at one of the headings, “kale recipes.”
His first impulse was to give in, he was hitting nothing but dead ends, even with Teal’s help. How Kelly knew to hide herself from angels and demons he didn’t know, unless one of the two had already gotten to her.
making him watch it again if that is all he got out of it.
He grunts, but takes the pen, scribbling something that much more resembles a tumbleweed than his name.
Hannah elbowed Castiel in the side and he hastily looked down at his script. This was one of the character’s first real defining moments. Michael and his eventual love interest, Sarah, were strangers who had both been attending a new gallery opening at the museum when they—and 200 other guests—had suddenly started coughing and clutching their chests.
, you do, Dean. That’s what I’m trying to tell you. I know it probably feels like the three of us are—pushing you down a path you aren’t sure you want to go down—but we all know how important choice is. We’re trying to give you the information to make your own.”
Castiel’s feet moved him over to his computer chair before he consciously thought about it. “What’s being said about Dean?” Castiel asked tightly, realizing that he hadn’t used the computer in so long that it had completely shut itself off. He punched the power button harder than necessary.
him. This apparently reminded her of a time when she got too close to some of the practical effects on set, and accidentally set part of her costume on fire.
Ben looked at him sideways. The warm, dark brown color of his eyes was all his mother’s—and he would believe the suspicious, fearless look in them was too. “You gonna nark on me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
That gets me a weird look—but I throw one right back. Because the idea that a past version of me would have even
more nervous about it.
Cas blinked, realizing that as much as he steadfastly avoided discussing soulmates with his mother, he’d never once wondered how she would react to learning that his other half was male. “It’s never been brought up,” he admitted. But, “I don’t really think that will be an issue though.”
he wondered—
“And yet…” the angel sighs. Dean’s life is full of “And yet”s. “Even though you stopped Samhain, the seal was broken, and we are one step closer to hell on earth, for all creation. Now, that’s not an expression, Dean,” And the hunter wonders if he should start a drinking game of how many times the angel says his name. “You, of all people, should appreciate what that means.”
If anything, they’re just being super
He hears Sam swallow. “Sure, Dean, I can make that work.”
“Yeah, well…” Dean was barely audible. “You’re a good guy, Cas.”
“I know.”
Cas grimaced a smile.
“Dude!” Dean removes his lips from his beer bottle just in time to avoid spraying the table. “You’re an Angel of the Lord. And you wanna—what? Teach Sam how to curse and make innuendos? You can’t even do that in
Castiel’s eyebrows raised automatically even knowing the actor couldn’t see him. “As opposed to you purposefully keeping us apart, thus feeding my already dangerous imagination and curtailing my already limited time with you…?”
“Yes, Dean.”
“Uh, Dean,” Cas whispered a few seconds afterward, nudging the actor’s side.
Using his arms to push off Dean’s bed, Cas removes the trench, suit jacket, and loosens his tie slightly; Dean has a sudden desire to take it off and put it on backward—you know, just for old time’s sake.
“Okay,” Gabriel gave in far too easily, a hint of pride in his voice. “So, it might have been full of those illegal fruits he got my casino cited for.
“So, you just said ‘no’?” The Cajun asked skeptically. “Five years ago, you woulda eaten that shit up.”
this was both better and worse than the last time Castiel had seen him shirtless—because now he had
“You’re saying that you’ll be fine watching him make kissy-faces at his now-
“You ever think you should?”
supposed to be the person that you feel like you can talk to the most. And you haven’t been.” He took a deep breath, let it out again. “To be fair, though, I haven’t either. I think…” he considered Dean, all of his revelations from earlier distilled down to one point. “I think that day that I read about you and Lisa getting married, and you came over to correct my assumption… something changed between us.”
“Why?” I demand, crossing my arms over my chest. “You think that, once I get to know my Castiel, I’ll change my mind?”
The Impala finds me a half an hour later, which isn’t much of a surprise, but does make me wish violently that I had my wings back. Dean’s head pops out of the driver’s side window, “Dude! What was that?”
Dean coughs to try to stop anyone from talking, but Cas ignores him. “What roles do love and affection play in your life?”
“You got anything?” Dean wonders out-loud, eyes obviously going to the laptop that his partner has tucked under his arm.
“Well, that relationship is already doomed,” Dean muttered once they were out of earshot. “That kid eats half a burrito and he’s toxic.”
In general, 69ing involved
If you're interested in getting notifications for the sequel to this fic, subscribe to the series by clicking the "Written in the Stars" link below.
“Oh. Well
Cas hums in agreement. “I’ve been keeping you from your breakfast pie for a while now,” he says, stepping to the side as if to let me pass even though the room is large enough I definitely could have just gone around him.
Groaning, Dean hauls himself up, stumbles several feet over to his desk, and slams his fist down on the ‘off’ button.
“Nice to meet you,” Dean murmured, holding out his arm.
“I mean… yeah,” Dean conceded. “But that might be worth it.”
“So, Cassie…” the producer grinned. Castiel groaned internally. “I have to ask… What kind of man did you picture Michael as? Have to say, I’ve never read a book that didn't mention what the main character looked like before.”
isn’t an emotion,” he states, slowly, and Dean doesn’t startle—doesn’t say anything, but he’s listening very hard. “It’s a physical state of being. There might be times when people
“If someone got access to this picture, that means they would… have had access to my other photos as well? At least theoretically?”
Whatever Sam expected him to say, it was
Back in high school, he and Cas used to spend weekends in Dean’s room, watching Dean’s favorite movies on his laptop while trying whatever weird foreign snacks Cas had brought in his backpack that day.
was one of those guys—” Dean interrupted and Castiel instantly closed his mouth to let him “—who used to think anyone who said they were gay was doing it for the attention. Or maybe they’d taken too many drugs, had a traumatic brain injury, were brainwashed by their hippie parents… This was the
He was trying to decide whether he should intervene when Hannah directed him to a chair with a quick, “Ignore them. They’re always like this.”
the pudding or buy like 2000 of those little cup things?” “So, he spent, what,
The first thing he notices this time are the three pairs of shoes lined up on a mat by the entrance. He opens the closet—where a trench coat still wears a few drops of last night’s rain. This Castiel is neat.
when he missed him
the other man remains—and how blue his eyes are.
“The truth is, I’m
“Uh… Lisa likes a bunch of Tex-Mex stuff. So, I’m doing some breakfast quesadillas, burritos, that kind of thing…”
Cas let out a sigh. The man had never been particularly warm to him, per se, but when he’d first moved to the building, they had at least exchanged some pleasantries—enough for him to know that he was somewhere in his 50s, worked in IT, and fiercely believed there were two shooters involved in John F. Kennedy’s assassination.
“So, can you picture him as Michael?” Hannah asked him, almost conspiratorially.
if not centuries by perpetuating the idea that earth, air, water, and fire were the four basic elements; meanwhile, Sam argued that by teaching Alexander the Great, he directly contributed to the spread of Western culture.
“Okaaaaay,” Dean said, his voice clearly lost somewhere between fond and impatient. “And what about the other thing…?”
and Dean rushed to pull it off. “I get it,” the actor said, speaking directly to the potatoes. “I’ve—you know—it sucks when your best isn’t good enough.”
“Kill the spell now. I’m not kidding.” My other self says with menace, holding the gun that I’d dropped.
“Seems kinda stupid to always get two checks, don’t you think?” he mentions, as they walk side-by-side towards the dorm rooms. “Especially since we tend to order pretty similar stuff. Maybe we should just tradeoff who pays?”
“Uh…” he’d said, intelligently, but Cas had just continued staring without commentary, causing him to shift from foot to foot. “I’m… gonna go… take a shower,” he’d announced after a minute, jerking his thumb in the direction of the hallway.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m sorry,” Sam replies, working on assembling his own sandwich from the pile of ingredients in the center of the table and picking up some extra lettuce and tomato to eat on the side as a makeshift salad. “Everything smells really good though.”
She paused in her movements, just as Castiel gave a little start. Lisa flashed him a slightly ironic smile.
Mick didn’t seem to mind. “Do you live in town or are you just visiting?”
“What’s up?” he mumbles, voice still rough with sleep, batting at his eyes to get the gunk out.
Of course, not. We’re—Dean’s playing Michael in the movie. And we started talking and one thing led to another…”
/////
for the next week. I might break out in hives.”
Castiel’s heart rate spiked automatically. “What’s going on?”
It seemed Dean took that an invitation to kiss Cas’s mouth instead—and just like that—any thoughts of Lisa and Dean and the perfect couple they had seemed to make—vanished. This wasn’t like any of their kisses in the car—which had involved them being separated by a drive stick. Instead, Cas went from feeling only that one point of heat—Dean’s mouth near his hairline—to feeling a wall of it along the front of his body—pooling hotter by the second.
sorry,” the author interrupted, eyes large, blue, and pleading.
“Not really—”
“So, how can I help?” Brady asks when he’s through.
” the actor started in, like he thought he was lying.
But this was an altogether different temptation.
“Nah,” Dean flushed. “I’m just talking out of my ass, mostly.”
“Cas…” Dean breathes, taking a half step closer to the other man.
Before he can do anything about it, though, Dean’s got his gun out and shoots a bullet directly between Cas’s eyes. Except they aren’t Cas’s eyes anymore. The second skin seems to fall away, revealing the corpse of a girl with hazel irises and cascading chestnut brown hair.
Dean walks back out the front door and then reenters the living room—ignoring Benny’s amused gaze. He has his reasons.
Well,
based on his irrational jealousy; the rest of him just found watching the same scene play out again and again to be boring, especially when he was too far away to see the subtle changes Dean made to his facial expression with every take.
Easter eggs:
“I think…I think I would like to know if the good I’ve done has outweighed the bad,” Cas murmurs, stroking the length of his tie.
consequences—later. “So, what part of Cas’s greatest hits are we starting with today?”
coming from Lisa’s borrowed phone.
Man. I hate procedurals.”
which was also a pain point at the moment.
clearly
Castiel frowned. It wasn’t like being charming was an objective quality. What one person might find amusing or pleasing could easily be unattractive to someone else. He said as much to Crowley while picking up one of the books perched at the top of the column. New ink always smelled like berries to him, undercut by the scent of plastic from the jacket.
He intended to let himself rest but remain vigilant for anything that would be coming or the less than likely touch of Lucifer. But he must have slipped off into something like sleep. It was the only explanation for why he woke up completely disoriented.
He tensed his jaw, trying to steady himself so he wasn’t ricocheting off of the old longing and the Mark whispering to reach out, to touch Teal, to
“Y-yeah.”
Dean jerked his hand back, but not far enough to break Castiel’s grip. Once, he might have tried harder, and Castiel knew what to do in the face of that. But he was allowed to hold, and that just made him want.
Lee folded his hands over his lap.
“As for the rest of it,” Sam shrugs. “It’s not really my place to speculate, you know. And regardless of… whatever he’s got going on deep down, he might only ever be OK with... what you guys have right now. Is that… enough for you?”
a good agent—at least when it came to editing and remolding some of Cas’s weaker plotlines. Who knows what would happen to the half-finished novel he had on his desktop now?
“As long as you come
“Dude,” Dean cut him off, finally lifting his head to take stock of the road again. “Stop acting like it’s your fault. This was totally me. I’m just—asking myself when I became Ginny Weasley, who can’t stop spilling my guts all over my new book friend.”
“Gonna miss it here?” the driver asked, having obviously overheard the conversation earlier.
She swayed, Dean afraid that she was going to just topple over. He certainly felt like he was going to. Without the promise of a job, or the endless circle of people who had found themselves in the bunker, with nothing but the meadow, ashes and his daemon, there was nothing to prop him up.
Teal bristled. “Dean’s human. You seem to be doing fine.”
He hit his knees at the same time that Mira sat down hard, her mouth still working as she tried to get what she wanted to say out. Dean could feel it too, something horrible and lost that he couldn’t and wouldn’t let out. But Mira could. She gave up on words, throwing back her head and howling.
“And?”
It was tempting to go over to him and lean against the Impala. Or maybe lean into Dean and coax him into another kiss. Maybe press him back into the Impala.
It was meant to be a warning, a placeholder because there had been enough death that was their fault and he was not going to let this be another one. And Cas shouldn’t be doing this with a damn smile on his face, like this was the perfect end to his long life.
Castiel sighed, turning his attention to the bees that were crawling up his chest. “You are aware of the situation.”
“Cas.”
Dean jerked back a step, shaking his head. “No. Nope. Mira’s got all of that.”
Teal clacked his beak in annoyance, ignoring Mira’s attempts to nudge at his wing. But he didn’t move, which was a relief. At least the two of them weren’t afraid of them, even when they should be.
Castiel turned to follow it, his wings spreading automatically. He felt the brush of feathers against his ear as Teal mimicked him, but then stopped on the same impulse that he had.
Teal had, exploding in blue-white light with a screech that still haunted them in their dreams.
“No.” Teal’s voice dropped into a deadpan. “We are a being made up of wavelengths of celestial intent. The definition of wings applies loosely. What you see is a shadow.”
Castiel purposefully looked away from where Mira was circling, although focusing on Dean was barely any better. Dean was healed and standing, but he could still see where Dean had been injured, like a horrible after image.
He shook his head, taking a hurried step away from Castiel. They needed Lucifer to beat the Darkness, but he didn’t want to be shoved into that space again.
Dean stared, sure that is mouth was just hanging open because it didn’t make sense. Everything about Cain, all of the lore, the man himself didn’t say herbivore. It was carnivore, nature red in tooth and fang, like him and Mira. He snapped his mouth shut and shook his head. “No, dude, you didn’t meet the guy.”
“Good.” Teal dropped his gaze, leaning forward a bit to meet Mira’s when she turned her head. “Hello Mira.”
“Not forever. Susan is probably running to get him. More importantly, how did the dog…” He cut himself off as Sam reached over and took the key from the hand that he was waving, missing the way that Mira growled a bit at the insinuation. Fake Cas gestured with his empty hand for a moment before pointing at Mira. “Did she just talk?”
Castiel’s gaze dropped down to where the raven was cautiously approaching his shoe. Teal hopped up onto it, but stopped there, his wings still spread like he didn’t want the blood on them touching the rest of his body. He opened his mouth to speak, but then Mira was moving again, trying to push herself up again as Dean braced her up. That was enough to have Teal shrinking against him, Castiel sure that he felt the raven shaking.
Dean was the first to move, Castiel was sure of that, but he knew that he was barely behind him. The only thing that slowed him was Dean cupping his cheek with the hand not on his arm. Castiel didn’t know the point of that, although he was not about to demand that Dean move it away. He would probably fight if Dean did.
That at least was the only constant here.
Castiel curled in on himself, already starting to spread himself thinner. If he wasn’t fully there, then he wouldn’t have to have the conversation that he was dreading. It would frustrate Dean, he knew that, but there was very little he could do that wouldn’t end with Dean mad. He had used up all good will that he’d once had.
Dean took a deep breath and tipped his head back. “I get that, but they’re the same.”
“Dean?”
Teal stared back at her with wide eyes, his chest rising and falling rapidly. “I don’t…”
Tired was there all the time, it had been there for a while. Disappointment, guilt, regret. All par for the course, nothing new in anything.
She waved her hand like his worry was just a little thing, Castiel feeling Teal bristle beside him. She was confident and the Queen, but this was still Hell. Demons were never fully accepting of a new ruler, their very nature made them inclined to seek out power.
Her head swung towards him, Dean turning with her. Mira remained frozen for a moment before carefully lowering the paw that she had kept raised. “Teal?”
Castiel huffed and looked back over at Dean, catching the tail end of Dean’s patience before he shook his head. “I will tail you back if that’s what it takes.”
Castiel purposefully relaxed, just to make sure that Dean relaxed with him. “I won’t.”
He dropped Teal, barely aware that the raven tumbled out of his jacket. He was only aware of the sound of his breathing, too fast and too heavy.
“I wanted both!”
Dean could hear himself telling her to stop, but he was already being dragged over with her, sobbing into her fur. It didn’t feel cleansing, or easing. It was harsh and sharp like a knife in his gut, twisting deeper with each ragged howl from Mira.
“Yes.”
Dean closed his eyes again, knuckling at them. That didn’t help, because his knuckles hurt from the first punch he had thrown. But that was a bit better, because it was something that he could feel.
Usually, Teal would have taken flight to land on her shoulders, offering comfort that way. Usually, Castiel would point out that Sam and Sabine were armed and could take care of themselves, or that they were safe enough with Rowena ruling Hell and Somerled watching over them. Usually, he would have still offered to send Teal.
Dean fumbled for Mira, pulling her back even as she skittered away. “We need to get away. Now. Right now.”
He startled back, just barely hopping out of the way as Mira pushed herself out from under the van. She bounded off the creeper board, not seeming to care that it rolled off and knocked into the base of one of the tables. She was too busy bracing her forepaws against the grill of the van and stretching up.
It wasn’t his mostly blatant lie, but it was one of the ones that Dean swallowed easily. Castiel glanced up to make sure, watching as Dean reached out for Mira as she came back around. Castiel watched as his fingers slid through her fur, brown, grey, and black.
Castiel didn’t lean into the touch, no more than he usually did. He turned as Dean walked past, confused when Dean jerked his chin in the direction of where the Impala and his truck waited. “Dean?”
Mira burst into laughter, knocking against Dean. “One of us has to be the pretty one.”
“Mm, not feelin’ it.” Dean chuckled, his gaze shifting over to where Teal was trailing after her. “Didn’t expect him to have any juice. I thought all of you were grounded.”
What he wanted to do was follow them, keep his mind as scattered as possible because then he didn’t dream, didn’t see his brother.
He jerked his gaze away, focusing instead on where Cas was explaining something to them. Dean had lost track of the conversation between all of the people drifting too damn close and the wrongness of it all. Still, at least this was normal.
Teal pulled his head out from under his wing, squinting at the sky, surprised to see that the sun had gone down. He found himself hunching back into the deeper shadows, watching the open stairwell even as he listened to the voices in the bunker.
His voice cracked and broke at one point, Dean mouthing words into her fur until Mira broke as well. Her howl cut off with a strangled sound, Dean feeling the backlash of pain and pressure as Mira tried to howl a few more times before finally dropping her muzzle. But she was still shaking, or maybe it was him. Dean just clung to her until the shaking stopped, but nothing else did. His hand still throbbed, the anger simmered, and the exhaustion pressed against him. He wanted to just lie down in the meadow and never get up again, but Sam and Sabine were waiting for them, in the bunker with the spawn of Satan.
any more awkward?”
—about this sorta stuff straight out, Cas—not outside locker rooms or, I don’t know, drinking games—”
“That would be generous of you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I… suppose…”
“Sam,” the other Dean requests.
“Like you’re trying to lie around a truth spell.”
The noise only gets
As an adult in the KBI, he’s re-walked gruesome crime scenes in his sleep. He’s screamed all over again as the bomb exploded inside the convenience store with Jo still in the building (a day that she survived but which inspired her to switch to the bomb squad division).
And despite the many times they’ve misunderstood each other in the past, right now, they’re perfectly in-sync.
Sam opens the door to Dean’s room at 7 o’clock in the morning to find his brother clasping his watch to his wrist.
Lunch turns out to be pretty simple—cold cut sandwiches and pickle spears on the side—but no one seems to mind. The conversation wanders from how Claire is doing on her current hunt to why there are no English rhymes for the color ‘purple’ to Cas trying to explain what his true form looks like. Because of course, Dean isn’t just dating a man-shaped vessel, but also someone with several sets of wings, anywhere from “one to three” heads, and a burning star somewhere around the “87
“I’m your
"He doesn't have good taste like I do." -
“For a dermatologist?”
“I mean… yeah.”
“I—uh…” he started—only to get cut off by a wolf-whistle sounding from the other side of the room.
in any room that she walked into. “There have been times I wished I didn’t like you either,” he admitted.
Charlie holds out two pieces of paper—and it takes him a second to figure out what they are. One is clearly the list of car owners they’d been working on. The
Cas rolls his eyes. “What did you expect, Dean? Literally
There’s a scraping sound of a chair moving—Cas getting up to approach him. Dean expects a hug—some gesture of comfort—but instead, the angel hesitates to a stop when he’s about two feet away. The distance might not have seemed too out-of-the-ordinary before all this—and yet, it’s amazing how, overnight, he already grew used to Cas being closer. And he’s the one that’s ruining it.
Cas acted like he was considering it, but Dean saw the corner of his mouth quirk up.
“It will mostly be doing administrative work. A few back-of-office medical duties,” he lied.
Castiel thought about it for a second. “Yes.”
. There is danger in being too honest here. Maybe all of this work to get them away from the lab was just because Dean and his friends wanted to run their own tests on them—experiment with them in their own ways. Sam’s psychic powers could have been a lie—maybe he’d just gotten Castiel’s name off a computer database. And yet…
was the kid you had to take care of. But I’m not your responsibility anymore. I’m your
he admits, finally.
having things more in the open with you. So,” he points to the book again. “I think you should read it.”
“Oh, awesome!” Dean exclaimed, as the spikes of his hair came dangerously close to brushing the ceiling. He locked his legs upon landing, trying to stop himself from bouncing back up, but he wound up sprawled across his back on the bed instead.
“But if you think that being ‘with me’ in that way must, by necessity, fundamentally alter our dynamic—or fundamentally alter who
“Not like I expected it to be,” he admitted.
“Well,
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” Cas informed the actor—before turning to grab his seatbelt.
“Eeeeee!” Charlie’s voice screamed over laptop speakers as she caught sight of him. Castiel winced, reflexively.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Thanks for the reminder," he said sarcastically. "Doesn’t change the fact that you’re making a weird face right now.”
“Oh!” Charlie’s voice startled. “Well, assuming you didn’t give it to the press—”
Dean risks brushing a kiss to the side of his neck, thrilled by the slight shudder that races through Cas’s body at the fairly innocent touch. “Good night,” he whispers, into what seems like almost-unbreakable quiet.
Basically, even if a photographer
The restaurant they found to go to afterward had a private dining room in the back. Unfortunately, the table was only meant for six—but they managed to squeeze in two extra seats anyway.
When it finally beeps in readiness, Dean rises to his feet to refill his mug, placing it next to Cas’s cheek.
Castiel knew most people would be offended by that—especially since he had made a lot of progress from where he was only last year—but spending time around his cousin required building up a tolerance for insults. “Promise me you’re not going to interfere.”
Slowly, Dean reaches out to shake the other man's hand—ignoring the way the rest of his body is already shaking—twisting his grip as soon as they are palm-to-palm so that Castiel's wrist is face up.
The two of them let the moment relax a little.
So, apparently, it
“Uh, hey Buddy,” Dean responded, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. Somehow, that was all the confirmation Castiel needed. Dean hadn’t forgotten about his texts; he’d been purposefully ignoring them.
Castiel had his email set up so that messages he deemed important were pinned to the top, with unread emails below. There was the letter from Dr. Cain, offering him a position for the summer, followed by his acceptance to Stanford’s Medical program, both of which he had forwarded to his mother (and then subsequently declined).
“Yeah, I know you don’t. Just, uh, come here, maybe, and give me a minute?” Dean requested, laying backward. Cas arranged himself beside him but stayed propped up on one elbow looking down.
He tapped his knuckles against the side of the car, weighing up his chances to just get away with it, to do something that wasn’t about trying to hold the world together when there was a flap of wings.
But Mira did. She lifted her head, reaching out a paw towards him that fell short, even before he moved to the side. “Wait.”
“You got yourselves killed!” Mira dropped her head on the windowsill, using the pressure of it against her lower jaw to keep quiet. She hadn’t meant to shout, and the curtain blocked most of her view. All she knew was that Dean was awake, and there was no sound from the bed.
There was another one of those pauses, Cas staring at him, but it was off. There was no head tilt.
Teal croaked quietly on his shoulder, his own input into what he was seeing. Mira’s ears flicked at it, but she didn’t turn around.
“He did.” Rowena reached out with her other hand to rest it on the box. Castiel didn’t bother to wave it off, nor did Teal. Rowena was family, or Jack had certainly thought so. He looked up in time to see her take a deep, shaky breath before she gave the box a gentle push his way. “This is every atom of him. Take him back home.”
Mira turned, intending to circle before lying down, but she saw the curtains twitch. Teal was peering out of them now, his gaze focused on her. She met it out of five years of habit, the tension coiling until her teeth ached with it.
He levered himself out of the chair, striding over where to Rowena had come to a stop by another one of those stone tables that hadn’t been there before. There was a box on top of it, Castiel tipping his head to the side.
Castiel swallowed, feeling Dean shudder against him. “Damn it, Mira.”
Dean opened and shut his mouth a couple of times, his shoulders rising in an unconscious imitation of Mira’s hackles. “Then stay put, damn it.”
Their rings churned nervously, heads twitching while they considered the situation.
Cas nodded, his hand dropping to rest on Teal. “Not the part about the actors. But if they had Mira as a wolf, or wolf-like. Then Teal would be a raven.”
Dean’s throat worked, Castiel watching him process the out he had been given. He was prepared for Dean to back off, cursory check and all, but he found he didn’t want to. It was hard to ignore the wash of emotion from Teal, his daemon’s annoyance at being checked over slipping away into something more pleasurable. Castiel could feel his own ruined wings twitching with it, wanting to stretch but at the same time wrap around Dean and pull him closer.
Teal regarded her for a long moment before turning away. He studied the parking lot, tucking his wings closer to him. “If you wanted to protect us, maybe you shouldn’t have kicked us out.”
“It’s not the Impala.”
had spoken them.
The two of them should have known better.
Dean sighed, trying to focus back on the hunts. With the crawl under his skin, he needed a sure thing, or as sure as they could get. Something with minimal prep work, point and shoot.
Castiel glanced over at Teal, nodding when the raven looked over at the tablet. His claws flexed again, but loosened, an agreement even if a reluctant one. Still, Teal could be sent to check in, if only for their piece of mind, if things didn’t get too dangerous.
“Of course.” Castiel slid off of the hood, something like instinct or habit making him start to drift toward Dean before he stepped away. He took another step away from the car for good measure, not that it seemed to matter because Dean was already pulling the passenger door open.
Their lips brushed softly, like Dean expected Castiel to startle away, but there was no other place he would rather be than here, practically pressed up against Dean Winchester. When Castiel didn’t try to break away, Dean pulled back for a shaky breath. The hand on his cheek slid around to the back of his neck, the curl of his fingers there the only warning Castiel got before he was being hauled back in.
“Come on,” he stepped forward, motioning for Mira to follow close. “Let’s find the two of them before they get themselves into trouble.”
Teal cocked his head to the side. “Sounds right.”
’ bones.
“Because it is.”
world, defined at four years old and then redefined over the last twelve years.
Cas had gone still at the mention of Claire, Dean watching as his hand twisted palm up, like he was expecting his sword to drop down into it. Teal had gone still too, a shimmer of red moving down his feathers. It was intense and focused, and Dean felt himself and Mira perk up, immediately interested.
Teal held his gaze for a moment before carefully extracting himself from Mira, although he only perched on her foreleg. “There are a few tracking spells that we should try. The bunker has the ingredients.”
He saw Dean start out of the corner of his eye, but he didn’t dare look any closer. It was enough to feel Mira tense under him and the low growl that rumbled in her stomach. The problem was, he didn’t know if was directed at him or the situation. The only solution was to keep his gaze on Sam and Sabine. There at least the sympathy was clear.
“Brie?”
They should really look into locking up all the tools and ornamental weapons until this was sorted out, just as a start.
He curled his fingers into a fist, carefully pulling his hand back. What he should say, what he meant to say, and what he wanted to say tangled around his tongue and into the back of his throat. Worse still was the flash of disappointment that he felt from Mira. She let go of his shirt, padding around to the other side of him so she could sprawl within reach of Teal, but the raven didn’t take her up on the offer. He just kept staring at Dean, his expression mostly a dare. Dean didn’t dare look up at Cas, just in case the expression matched because he didn’t trust himself not to react if it was there.
The peaceful moment only lasted for a moment longer, the Righteous Man levering himself up from the ground. His daemon followed him, shaking herself off. She pressed against his leg, the Righteous Man dropping his hand down to rest on her again. The strange urge returned, Castiel ignoring it in favor of drifting along after the two of them.
“Yes, I…I came in too hot.”
Mira came to a stop, now visibly shaking. “Let me have this, Dean. Please. It’s the last time. It’s Cas. It’s…I’m…”
Mira wagged her tail, aware that she was giving Teal a goofy grin. Under her cheek, she felt him relax a fraction, although he still looked nervous. She could feel his wings moving, like he did when he wasn’t sure of the situation. But he twisted all the same, leaning close to her before giving a tentative nibble just behind her ear.
He curled his fingers into a fist, anchoring it against the seam of his jeans. Fake daemon or not, urge that he didn’t really want to think about or not, it felt wrong.
Dean wanted to growl out his own warning, but he wasn’t sure who it would be for; Mira to remember herself or Teal for getting so close. It didn’t matter because Cas stood up, pulling his attention away from the two of them. Dean blinked at Cas, watching the tension in the angel’s jaw. He didn’t know what that meant, but the Mark insisted that he watch it carefully. Cas was dangerous, and that was exciting.
“The general shape of the plan but…” Teal hopped onto Castiel’s knee, Castiel bending it a bit more to bring the raven closer. Teal lowered his head to stare at him. “Is it because we’re widespread or something else.”
“Michael wouldn’t listen to him either.”
Castiel saw him tense, Dean looking him up and down before abruptly looking away.
“Grace isn’t what it’s perceived.” Cas frowned. “It’s mostly intent. Michael’s intent is…”
He shifted from foot to foot, looking up as Sabine slipped out to nose at him. Teal tapped the tip of her nose with his beak in greeting, holding still as she sniffed at him.
Mira blinked at him before nodding. “Of course. Fake Cas wouldn’t know.”
“They couldn’t have.” Cas sounded vaguely shocked and terrified. “There were charts.”
That got some of her hackles to settle. She was swinging her tail by the time that Teal looked back over at her. She yawned, which seemed to be laying it on a little thick. Dean raised an eyebrow, not that Mira seemed to care. She just ducked her head and stretched her forelegs out. “You know, for beings of light and wrath, I expected it to be warm. Michael was freezing cold.” Mira stretched out a paw. “Teal’s warm.”
“Liar.” She looked up. “Cas fixed that.”
“Hello Mira.” He meant to walk forward, but ended up wobbling right into her foreleg. Teal huffed as her other paw settled around him, holding him close. “I can stand.”
“Dunno.” Dean reached down to strike a finger down the bridge of her nose. “Could explain a few things.”
Ninety pounds of wolf hit Cas in the chest, the angel swaying a bit in surprise at the weight, but he didn’t waver from where he stood. Dean sucked in a breath as Cas automatically wrapped his arms around Mira, holding her to keep her from falling. But it didn’t feel like Alistair or Ishim or the monsters that had ever gotten a hold of her. It didn’t feel like a violation, it felt so right that it punched the breath out of Dean. His hands tightened on Teal, feeling the raven go still with a soft sound of disbelief.
Dean stooped to scoop up the jar and lid, pausing halfway up to look at his daemon. For one, frightening moment, he thought that she wouldn’t move when he walked away. She would just stay here with Cas and Teal. He longed for that just as much as it terrified him.
Dean hauled himself to his feet, stumbling to find his balance. He was still unmoored, made worse by the fact that it felt like his legs were asleep from kneeling on the ground for so long. Dean shook out one leg, feeling the pins and needles down it. He did the same to his other leg before staring at where he had dropped the mason jar.
The immediate disgust that he expected didn’t happen. Cas just narrowed his eyes. “Why?”
His daemon cut a swath through the grass, Dean following her path exactly. He supposed it was the only other trail that was made other than where the deer would wander through. It felt wrong doing much beyond that. It was bad enough that they were doing this, messing this place up for Cas.
“I know.” That admission didn’t make him relax any. “Humans feel so much.”
He jerked his hand away from her. “It wasn’t permission.” When she didn’t immediately respond, he turned to look at her. “It isn’t Cas, so it isn’t Teal, so it wasn’t permission.”
Lucifer looked up at him, sneering before making a commanding motion. “Down here.”
Of course, by the time the soul stepped from the rack, they had no need for their daemon. It was a horrible misuse of their Father’s promise that daemons should remain with their humans in death.
“Coyotes aren’t well liked, Cas. They’re pests.”
It should have been a question, Castiel was sure of that. But it wasn’t addressed to him. It wasn’t addressed to the daemons that were standing by.
Teal tensed, mantling his wings when he felt the slow creep of Lucifer’s grace over him. It reached and then slid away, Teal confused by the difficulty the angel was having. When he had first taken over, there had been no hesitation. Now it was like he was having trouble getting a good hold.
Castiel tried to focus, watching as Dean worked up to something. Finally, he huffed and turned partially away. “You don’t just drop in on people naked.”
Sam was down there now, Sabine already drifting from his side. He could pick her out by her russet coat in and among the others. It was strange to see so many crowded around the bunker. There had been just as many when he had finally come back.
Castiel hadn’t been posted to Earth for millennia, at least not permanently. There had been times their flight had descended for individual missions. In those times, humans and their daemons had not been their main focus.
Dean didn’t relax at that. If anything, he tensed more, Mira huffing out a growl before going back to pacing. Teal turned with her, crouching low like he was ready to take off. Castiel left his daemon to it, choosing to watch Rowena instead.
“You…” Dean rubbed a hand over his face, Castiel watching closely. He caught a flicker of annoyance, which he expected. Clothes were part of what humans expected.
“Monday night into Tuesday morning.”
Dean’s body stiffens when I kiss him, and the rejection is like burnt coffee—everything that is wonderful about the kiss is drowned out by what’s wrong with it—and I pull away in utter shame.
” and he’s not gonna be that jerk who tells Cas to lock it all up again when the angel
to bring up Gabriel—chuckling through an explanation of how he once replaced his senior class sideshow—the one they played during graduation rehearsal—with one of his ‘home movies’. Dean clutched one hand to his stomach, laughing hard enough a tear leaked out of the corner of one eye.
“Exactly,” Dean exclaimed, gesturing to his expression. “That’s just how kids
/////
“Dean! Dean!” he hears Cas’s voice call out.
“But you’re not
as it was about
He was trying to think of a way to say all this when Gabriel’s voice deepened dangerously. Apparently, the older man had been doing some research from his phone. “Who’s this boy toy your boy toy is with all over the feeds?”
Cas retrieved his suitcase from where he’d left it by the front door.
“For once, I am not. Your boy toy’s got quite an army of fanatics. Someone spots him somewhere, they post a pic and his location to the site so that the rest can hopefully follow the breadcrumbs to the picnic.”
he thought,
are you?”
impolite,” Balthazar quipped, turning a sharp corner. At this point, Cas wished that he had brought along a ball of twine to this labyrinth of halls, figuring that, without a guide, he’d never find his way out again.
“You…you do?”
“Yes, I’m sorry about that,” Cas admitted, trying to infuse his voice with as much sincerity as possible.
His nails dug into the meat of his thighs through his jeans.
The hostess gave him a considering look—before nodding towards her cameraman. After a minute adjustment, he gave her a thumbs-up, as Cas attempted to fix his posture.
“That’s unfortunate…. The raising of Samhain is one of the 66 seals.” Castiel interrupts Dean once it is clear that the two humans aren’t far along. He knew the status of their investigation already, of course, but he finds himself wishing they
“Fine as well.”
present—and somehow taller than Castiel remembered him.
were particularly careful.”
fine,” he corrected. “It’s…
“What? She sounds like she’s important to you, right? And I’m going to a past where you don’t know her yet. So, if you want me to hint-hint, nudge-nudge more than just the Apocalypse, I probably need something to work with….”
“Like
“Ah, yes. Castiel. It’s--”
can sleep in the bathtub. Maybe Castiel can squeeze in with Hannah and Samandriel.
By the time they made it back to the SUV and loaded the trunk, Cas felt more tired than he had any right to. Dean looked similarly wiped, leaning heavily against the plush seats, and it idly made Cas wonder what
, I’m going to have to send him to the store later to replace whatever he drank. Maybe, he can get pie too.
“Shoot me and this spell will finish him. Finish
tilting Cas’s head for a better angle, it’s
It was only a few days ago that Dean had come to him looking nervous but determined and announced that he and Cas were now ‘a thing’.
Somehow, this offends Dean on a personal level.
“As for the other thing—I don’t know, Man. One minute, you were a stranger, and then you were my best friend, and then you were my choice to go to a deserted island with—and I don’t really know when it changed from being one to the other because, by the time I figured it out, I couldn’t remember what it was like before—to think about you as just ‘some guy.’
—as something inside Cas coiled tighter and tighter. He felt the way a black hole must feel—collapsing in on itself.
. Only he looked a
“Yeah, this whole case is kinda fuzzy,” I admit. “ I remember being covered in Dead Man’s blood because, gross, and Sam using his powers again, but…” My tongue scrapes across the bottom edge of my teeth. “I think what I remember most is talking to you in that park—thinking you might…might actually be on my side.”
“What? Why?”
It’s an honest answer—and one I am in a unique position to sympathize with. After all, I once apologized to Dean for keeping my secret alliance from Crowley hidden from him; it was only after the Leviathans poisoned me from the inside out that I was sorry to have made the alliance in the first place. “Tell me when you know then.”
“Dean,” I call, pushing open the door to his bedroom.
“Sammy, it’s me. Not dead. So you can put the Gary Busey on hold. Call me.”
“No! No way,” Dean butted in.
(Did he want him to?)
It’s a weird feeling—having a room in Sam’s and Dean’s house rather than the other way around. Having Dean make breakfasts and do the laundry—with, get this,
“It is… quite an unfortunate circumstance.”
I decide again.
Castiel switched his phone to his other hand since his right had suddenly become sweaty, but he made no move to check his email.
A glance to the side showed some familiar-looking employees hiding behind a stack of soup cans and the other patrons around them trying too hard to act casual.
They share a smile that would truly frighten his brother if he saw it.
But Castiel could see the underlying colors in him. “Of course, I do,” he said, as sincerely as he could manage.
Dean: Who are you calling a nerd?
“So, how’s it going with the mind meld stuff?” I ask the other Dean, casually popping a peanut in my mouth.
you booze.”
“I—back when Naomi was brainwashing me,” Cas begins, shoulders hunched. “She had to have some way of making sure that I was—I guess ‘finished’ is the best word. That I was completely under her control, so she—” He looks up from his hands to watch Dean carefully. “She created these doppelgangers of you…and she had me practice killing them—over and over—'til I did it without questioning.”
“Dean, we
alarming when Dean bolted up from the table and out to his car with a hastily called, “Don’t die. I’ll be back.”
Then, Dean was kissing Jessica again—and Cas was grimacing despite himself, and Lisa was grinning slightly at him—and he wanted to dislike her for that, too—and did a little—but the silent teasing also helped him relax in her presence some.
Dean gets it. This is a guy who has had his guard up for his entire life—who, as a little kid, decided he was never going to put himself in a position to be hurt—and then look what the fuck happened.
him to do it differently,” I announce into the still night air.
Sam’s fingers twitch briefly around his beer bottle. “Seems fine to me,” he says, casually, before taking a swig. He doesn’t look at me when he says it.
do any joint interviews if you can help it. Not after what I just saw, and not after what Sam told me about how the last one went with Pamela.”
“Yup. And the last is for me.”
“Uh…” Dean started—his gaze caught on Castiel’s bare chest the way a sweater sleeve might get caught on a branch. “Yeah… that’s….”
“No, I will not ‘shut up.’ Because it seems like you need to be reminded that I explicitly
people get rewarded for being forthcoming. Since I haven’t done what you’ve accused me of, there’s nothing more I can do to help you. I’ve already given you all of the information I have regarding Mr. Novak.” His handcuffs are attached to the table by a long chain, which clatters as he spreads his hands wide. It’s the universal gesture of “I’ve got nothing to hide”. It’s also a bunch of bullshit.
He glanced over to where Sam and Gabriel were still quietly talking about two feet apart—nothing wrong there. So why was that fine for them, but apparently not for him and Cas?
Suddenly, Dean feels a prickle on the back of his neck. Turning, he spots the Professor looking straight at him. “Paying attention, are we, Mr. Winchester?”
“Now, when I say he’ll be fine, it’s because he
“Yeah,” Dean smiled. “
“I’ll take a leak,” Ben agreed, only somewhat reluctantly, before sliding out of the seat. Dean made sure to keep an eye on the bathroom door as he dialed.
It wasn’t that he didn’t want one, per se. He just didn’t think they were everything people said they were. The divorce rate among marked couples was only 12%, yes, but if those pairings were cosmically meant to be, shouldn’t it be zero? Shouldn’t things like abuse be impossible if you really, truly loved the other person?
” He is looking at neither of them in particular, but his voice seems targeted at Dean specifically, with the emphasis of someone who has had to repeat themselves a lot. “You both tend to live in the past a lot—wondering if there is stuff you could have done differently. And it makes sense with the kinds of lives we live that any mistakes we make end up a lot bigger than other people’s—but that doesn’t mean that we’re any less entitled to make those mistakes. We’re only human—yes, Cas, you just as much as the rest of us.
, Castiel added to the list of things he was learning about the other man, as he sank into one of the seats with a barely repressed sigh. “I can see why you kept it. It’s very comfy.” He closed his eyes, “That’s a warning as well as a compliment. I might fall asleep.”
over something he deserves to be looped in on.”
that this all wouldn’t go horribly wrong. Although, “If you scratch her up, I
So here he was, sweating under million-degree lights, throat dry, feeling more like an animal on display at the zoo than he had in a while.
Where Cas was apparently ‘terrifying’, Dean was charmingly persuasive, and it only took one more prodding smile on the actor’s part for Castiel to sigh an “I capiche.”
The breath that Dean let out when he realized it was his turn to speak was shallow—thin—and then his throat seemed to close shut entirely.
A shadow appears over Dean’s left shoulder, cutting off his sentence. “Trust me, son,” the tall eighty-year-old whispers conspiratorially. “Learn to quit when you’re behind.”
one arm winding around Dean’s waist—fitting into the slight dip just left of Dean’s spine, shivering at the feeling of touching bare skin.
“I’m not.”
believe his brother is an FBI agent when he’s so damn transparent all the time. “If you could change anything about the way you were raised…” His eyes flicker upward briefly, “what would it be?”
“Alright then, go on. Git. And call Sam back. The boy’s got his panties all in a twist from you ignoring him.”
tapes, Cas. They’re
,” Castiel explained slowly. “Because she’s my mother.”
“Dude, calm down.”
“You know,” he coughed. “With Charlie and Cas. They’re calling on Zoom in twenty minutes.”
to each other.”
“I don’t think she would have minded if I pursued law or accounting—something she deems ‘important’,” he admitted after a pause. “That’s not to say that she discredits the value of the written word—she does
Cas tipped his head. “…Alright. Let me start by asking you a question.”
His brother gives him a calculating look, “You’re not getting out of this that easily.”
an agreement
Since no one on the show had gotten the question right, the choice of category moves on to the person in the middle of the screen—a tall and shy-looking young woman named Patience. She bites her lip in thought before selecting “‘Winchester for the Win’ for $400, please.”
news! You need to—build up to it some! Haven’t you seen
“I like to think so. We’re still in the get-to-know-you phase. Where there are butterflies, and he always tells me how beautiful I look, and we always get along. Is it weird that I want a fast-forward button or access to time travel so that I can see our first real fight?”
For once, Dean doesn’t care what Sam needs. He feels cornered by the stuff his brother might know about him—maybe even stuff he didn’t know about himself—and why? Why, on top of the dying and getting reborn and the monsters and the PTSD should he have to worry about his every worst thought and desperate breakdown being found on a bookshelf next to frickin’ James Patterson.
“…Not at all,” Castiel frowned at his computer screen, wondering where he might have implied that. Was it just because he mentioned a bookshop? Gabriel wasn’t a big reader, it was true—but, if anything, that made his cousin’s quick wit and creative pranks even more impressive. Frankly, the world couldn’t
“—and so, apparently, some of the dentists are pushing for flavored latex gloves so that when they are inspecting people’s mouths, it tastes better—” Lisa was continuing, amused, when they both heard a rumble sounding from outside the kitchen. It was followed by the tilt of headlights streaming through the window.
Doubt Dean is going to do anything about it, though—if he even realizes what’s going on there. That boy is smarter than he gives himself credit for—but that doesn’t stop him from being dumber than a box of rocks. Even before time travel seemed like a legitimate possibility, he’s been the kind to get so hung up on the past that he can’t see what’s right in front of him.
Even with a good portion of his brain cells not working, Cas wasn’t going to let that comment go by without retaliation. And so, he dropped his weight onto Dean—the actor’s bowlegs parting slightly to better accommodate him automatically.
It shattered.
Dean doesn’t even make a fuss about it—just grabs his toiletry bag and heads to the bathroom while Cas unceremoniously flops on the bed. The alarm clock on the nightstand reads 12:03 AM in glowing red letters, so it’s not like Sam blames him.
The slight hitch in Dean’s voice didn’t go unnoticed. But then, he seemed to pull himself together, his tone turning almost light. “Anyway, long story short, found out on his death bed that he’d had a girl on the side when he was in the military. He didn’t put it that way, of course. Just dropped the bomb that we had a half-brother, Adam. It’s—it’s a fuckin’ joke is what it is.”
,” he’d told the other man, meaning every word.
He looks down at the sandwich nestled in paper on his lap—sniffing it, lifting the bun, and poking at the pickles—before finally reassembling it and trying it out for himself. The
have I been on such good behavior?”
Quetzalcoatlus: Not really a reference, I just figured Cas probably likes things with wings
Cas cocked his head to the side, confused.
Finally, he presses #1 to activate speed dial, followed by the speakerphone button. Meg raises a perfectly-sculpted eyebrow in interest as it rings.
He calms himself with a breath before turning to me again. “I’m not forbidding you from going in there. But I’m asking you to be my backup, alright? I mean, they already sent Miss Trunchball after us.” Cas tilts his head to the side but doesn’t interrupt. “Chances are, it’s a trap.”
“I’m sure she’s great and you know that I’m looking forward to telling her all about how the zipper on your jeans broke in the middle of your first date and you had to call me from the bathroom to bring you an extra pair of pants. I just, uh--” Like with Anna and Gabriel, Dean can only bring himself to tell part of the truth. “I’ve been working on another Angel Killer case all day and this one’s just really hitting me, you know?”
“Potato, potahto, dude. It’s the same thing.”
The Dean in the room with him shifted from foot to foot anxiously, as Cas’s throat swelled up tight.
“Because,” Castiel said, watching the patterns the moonlight made on the far wall. “Intent matters. Everyone makes bad decisions—look at Captain Malcolm—”
Two hours later, he opened the thread up again. “Why are there cowboys in space exactly?”
He gritted his teeth only slightly. “Probably summer of next year.”
“I’m not possessed, Bitch,” he mutters. “Cas and I made a deal.”
“Semantics, shemantics.”
“Skip the foreplay.”
The first year they were together, Dean forgot her birthday. By the time he realized his mistake, it was 9 o’clock at night. He expected her to be fuming—because literally any other girl in the world would be. Instead, she accepted his offer of a make-up dinner the first time he’d offered. Then, she’d helped him program his phone to remind him of the date next year while telling him about her girls’ day at the spa.
“Well, that makes two of us,” Dean answered, throwing his hands up in the air, finally reaching the point of exasperation. Castiel’s forehead furrowed a bit.
“I don’t know. We came back here. There was a woman waiting for us. She blasted me away. I don’t know who she was. I don’t know what happened to Sam.”
“Either the BBQ bacon cheeseburger or the pork chops.”
?” Gabriel’s eyebrows rose further up into his hairline. “You tell me.”
I was seeing because I was so sure that Dean was straight.”
Baby rumbles approvingly once we’re out of town and on the open highway. The wind in my face from the open window does me some good too.
“But, Dean,” he mentioned, softly. “I don’t think that Bobby and Ellen decided to be a couple one day and that was it—forever. I’m pretty sure that was a choice they made every morning when they woke up. And when life was hard or they got fed up with each other, they
“And we became friends, Gabriel. That’s it—
OK, you know how last chapter I said I hated doing so many characters in one scene...? This is worse. Because three of them are Dean.
that’s not—”
“What about him?”
“It had occurred to me, yes,” Cas replied, as dryly as he could manage.
/////
My comment seems to have fully drawn Dean into this conversation and Daphne’s eyes widen with recognition, “You.”
in the picture,” she said, waving her fork around. “I meant… being friends first. You got comfortable with each other. You got to enjoy the early-relationship butterflies without having to worry that you couldn’t talk about the big things. You push each other—in a good way. You get Dean to open up—I saw that at the interview. And even if I was kind of pissed at the time, I was also impressed because I recognize what an impossible task that is.”
"Yeah, that one."
“I don’t like the idea of someone else being in my head,” I say, finding a mostly sturdy wooden crate and plopping down on it. “Cas is cool—and I trust him, which is probably insane considering I’ve known him less than a week—but…I mean, Sam and I have lived outta each other’s pockets our entire lives and still managed to keep some boundaries, you know?”
at you guys,” she exclaimed, a second before she minimized herself to a corner of her screen. In her place, a picture appeared of Dean with his arms around Cas’s shoulders, laughing at a joke the author just made. It was followed by another image of Cas pulling a leaf out of Dean’s hair on a windy day. A third showed Dean, Sam, and Cas walking down the street, Dean’s and Cas’s shoulders obviously much closer together. “You’re kind of adorable. If you were single, Dean, I’d totally be shipping you right now. Plus, some of the fan art is—”
smell was already so familiar—and soothing to the nerves that had been building in his stomach the last half hour.
Everyone starts talking at once. I’m trying to find out what the hell Crowley’s talking about, the other Dean is trying to stop Cas from murdering him (which seems like a perfectly reasonable plan of action to me), meanwhile, Sam has turned to the other guy in the black suit.
Sam rolls his eyes. “He’s an
“Because it’s flaky and delicious and it’s even got fruit in it, so I can tell Sam to shut up about my health,” Dean stated emphatically—almost triumphantly.
Cas was so unsettled that when his phone started ringing, he was almost grateful for the distraction.
He could hear Gabriel’s smile. It was a sad one. “You’re not like me, Cassie,” he commented quietly. “You could actually make it—if you stood up for yourself. If you just—
“Dean,” Cas grumbles with squared shoulders. “I’m under a truth spell. I can in no way lie about the nature of my interest in you…. But maybe you’re correct in saying that I’m not as besotted with your physical appearance as the people you are usually intimate with. It’s not like I’ve gotten a chance to ‘compare notes’ with them so to speak--”
I think, scowling back at him.
interaction, Dean,” he says, gently. “And as has just been made apparent, the things that are of significance to you in regards to our relationship aren’t all obvious to me. I have my own ‘little things’. The first time you called me ‘Cas’ or….” He trails off with something that could almost be considered a blush, but which definitely isn’t because angels don’t do that crap.
He looked over at Mira, Castiel following his gaze and lingering.
The next breath he took felt like glass in his throat, just one more place to bleed out.
Teal didn’t seem to have the same problem. He stood with his wings held out to the side, panic flooding from his side of the bond as he stared ahead of them.
Dean moved towards his daemon, dropping his hand onto her ruff. He dug his fingers deep, habitually seeking out the leather strap there that was strung with charms and amulets. His thumb skimmed over protective sigils that had been pressed into the leather before using the grip to pull Mira tight to him.
colors, and it didn’t sit right with Dean.
you.”
Cas kept his head tipped to the side, leaving Teal to be the one to crab walk over to her. “About what? Daemons? The basics. Distance, although I’m sure they’re able to separate like witches and their daemons. Settling. The taboo about touching.”
Cas didn’t seem to notice, he was back to glaring at the book. “I don’t…Aside from the choice to name their daughter’s daemon for a woman tortured because she didn’t want to have sex and is often depicted with her breasts on a plate, I don’t see the connection.”
He always had, but then he’d kept making the stupid choice. Kept choosing
“Teal?”
It wasn’t a conscious decision, or one that he even felt from Mira.
And then he was falling, spiraling into nightmares of the cage. The chill of it all, the way it seemed to extend forever and still enclose him to the point where he couldn’t fly away. Worse of all was the screaming.
Teal looked between the two of them before resettling the wing that Mira had shoved up. He turned his head to nibble along the top of his wing almost thoughtfully before looking at the two of them again. “It does not hurt. We are regularly apart when we search.” He paused as they both shuddered, clacking his beak again. “Castiel and I lack the bond that you share. I’m a facsimile of a daemon. I’m made of grace, not a soul. I believe it’s more like true witches than a normal human-daemon bond.”
His gaze snapped back up to Dean, belatedly realizing that he had started to lean close, and Dean had leaned a fraction back.
Cas sighed, his fingers moving as he spread his hand wider. “This never came back right, not even after I rebuilt you two.”
Cas didn’t answer right away, his gaze jumping between Dean and where Mira was still standing. Teal would still be there, damn it, within easy snapping reach and Mira was
He shifted his hand to grab onto Mira’s scruff, holding it tightly as he lifted slightly. “Mira.”
His hand felt like it was burning through the single layer, Castiel abruptly aware that he was just in his dress shirt, and that was unbuttoned completely. Following close after was the realization that he wasn’t wearing the bracer that Jimmy had worn. Vera had hardly needed it, being a rock dove, but it was something that he had put on by habit, even under his best clothes. And Castiel had worn it faithfully until he had walked into the lake with the Leviathan. He’d never replaced it, but it had never seemed to matter, not when Teal was careful with his claws and preferred his shoulder. But it was another layer between him and Dean, except that they never touched like this.
“Complex physics and the intricacies of creation.” Dean shot a look over to Cas, catching the edge of a smile before Cas ducked his head. “The soul of that Bobby Singer is different from the Bobby Singer from this world. Of course it appears differently here. It’s like if the people from the world where you were actors was here.”
Castiel roll his eyes to stare at the sky, fighting to hold still as Dean’s fingers skimmed over his neck before coming to a stop. They lingered against his pulse point, light until abruptly they weren’t. His fingers slid until it was his palm against Castiel’s neck. It lingered there for a moment before Dean slid it up to cup Castiel’s jaw, his other hand coming up to join it.
