Dean was still a little shaken when he sat down for wings. He made sure he was on the side of the table with his back to the rest of the room. But even as he did it, he was surprised by how far he had come so far. Just a few weeks ago, going to this restaurant would have been all he could manage to do that week. He would have made sure to sit himself by the emergency exit, and had a plan to leave early if he couldn’t handle it. And there would be no way he could have spoken. And if he had an incident earlier that day? There would be
Sometimes people came into talk to him. He couldn’t really answer back, but he appreciated the company. Ash talked to him more about Moondoor, sat on his laptop by Dean’s feet for a while and played. Pam came back in and tried to get him to eat. It didn’t work, but he appreciated the effort.
The feel in the garage was much lighter after the conversation. Dean heard Cas humming along to the music as well. After about another hour of work, Dean called it quits. Castiel convinced him to go to a diner he hadn’t heard about in order to get burger. The alpha claimed that they were the best burgers in the area, so Dean would have to be the judge of that.
“Why don’t you two sit here, and I’ll start breakfast?” Cain asked. Dean couldn’t help the purr that came from his chest, being provided for by his alpha sounded
“Cain?” Dean tried to turn around to slip off the couch, but the arm around his waist wouldn’t let him go far.
“I’m used to him growling at me in the hallways, so this is normal for me. Try not to tense up—I know it’s nearly impossible not to. But it is easier.” Billie said with a laugh in her voice, Dean could tell she was smiling even though he couldn’t see her. The speculum went in and Dean tensed a bit. Cas’s low grumble didn’t increase this time, but it stayed a solid presence in his ear, “Alrighty, you’re doing great Dean. I just need to get a look, and a sample—then we’ll be done with the fun part.”
Dean took a shaky breath. Sam was never coming back. Sam didn’t want him anymore. Didn’t need him. Waiting for his alpha to come back was useless. No one would ever want him. Maybe Cain…Cain had been here for him. Had let him stay. Huddled under the blanket with him.
“You’re projecting through the bond too much. Missouri said would happen. It’s pent up from the time spent without a bond.”
“No—but I’ve been sleeping.” Dean confessed. Sammy walked over to the closet and pulled out the hidden snacks they had. Mostly just things that would stay in a closet for awhile and not go bad. He grabbed a few breakfast bars, one of the bottles of Gatorade, and plopped down on the floor next to Dean’s mattress.
“Absolutely not. You’re your own person.” Justin said forcefully, “As alphas, we gotta do a better job of making sure we stand up for omegas too—and recognizing when they are being slighted. I’m not always good at that one.” He blushed, “But I’m learning.”
“Have to file some court documents—Doc, I know I’m not an alpha, but these boys are family. Mary and John’s will had me as their guardian if anything happened, and I plan to honor that promise.”
“She dated my brother.” Dean was having an out of body experience. He couldn’t believe he said it so casually. Like she didn’t rip his life apart.
They exchanged the usual pleasantries before Dean went back to check on Garth. He was back to his usual optimistic self, though it definitely had to do with the pain meds he had been given. The good news was that the cut wasn’t too deep, bad news was that he still needed to be off it awhile.
Dean took the stairs up to the next floor. Out a bit from Seattle, the hospital wasn’t too big. He walked down the hall and could smell Castiel’s scent lingering in the hallway.
“Thank you.” Dean let out a breath. He managed to stand up, wobbling into the bathroom in the nurses’ office. He had a box of these slick pads at home, and he knew they just sat in his underwear kinda like a diaper. He tried not to think about it much as he pealed the paper off the sticky part and stuck it to his boxer briefs. It nearly instantly flopped to one side, peeling off a bit. He tried to balance it again before pulling his boxers back up. He adjusted a bit so the pad was covering, then pulled up his jeans. It was slow work walking out, his legs feeling weaker by the second. Paterson looped an arm around Dean to help.
“You are suffering from a severe form of ARS—Alpha Rejection Syndrome.” He didn’t say it coldly, or with an overly sweet voice.
“I will still take you out of here if you want to try again another day," Cas offered a life boat but Dean was already shaking his head. If he left now, he would never manage to get back in the chair, "or I can stay here and hold your hand through it. Or, if you’re uncomfortable with me—"
Suddenly, the hand at his chest pushed him back with surprising strength. He blinked down at where it held him away, and when he looked up he was very startled to find Hannah looking distraught.
“Of me?” Castiel asked, alarmed, removing his hands from her and raising them in a placating gesture. But Hannah shook her head rapidly, her dark hair swinging.
“You did,” Dean looked proud of him. “Jobs rarely go exactly according to plan,” he explained, “When things go awry, someone needs to make a call and know that the rest of the team will follow instructions. I’m that someone; I need to know that if I tell you to do something, you’ll do it without wasting a bunch of time arguing.”
Sam scrubbed a hand down his face—a nervous gesture that ran in the Winchester family, from what Castiel could tell.
Dean did not pull his hand back immediately. Castiel swallowed his mouthful and stood still, perplexed.
And of all the frightening circumstances he’d heard about or imagined for himself, none terrified Castiel more than the idea of falling in love with a person he’d never met.
Castiel rubbed roughly at the renewed wetness on his cheeks and breathed deeply, interrupted here and there as stray chuckles found their way out of him.
Behind the stage occupants, the screen with Castiel’s information shifted to make room for a close-up view provided by the camera that started by his feet and panned slowly upwards. Dean watched attentively, comparing his mental checklist with what he saw.
The nearly-translucent canopy encircling the bed was soft under his fingertips when he pushed it aside. Castiel stepped onto the raised platform, letting the gossamer curtains flutter lazily back into place behind him as he gazed at the sleeping woman before him.
Now, he rose to kiss his affirmation onto Dean’s pliant mouth. Reluctantly, he let go of Dean and shifted off of him entirely, crawling up the bed to the top left corner and reaching down to rummage for the jug of oil he kept tucked away out of sight just behind one of the bedposts.
“It’s not impossible,” Castiel hedged, “but it doesn’t explain why he still hasn’t regained consciousness so long after the Djinn’s death.”
There was a twenty-four-hour emergency animal hospital just a fifteen-minute drive away, according to his phone.
“You haven’t tempted me from Hannah—” Castiel started, but Dean scowled and held up a hand to cut him off.
The see-through material did nothing to hide that Michael was correct in his assertion that Dean was experiencing sexual arousal, despite his obvious embarrassment.
“Wonderful,” Castiel said again, taking Hannah’s hands in his own. “I have no doubt you’ll look beautiful no matter what gown you wear.”
By the time Dean reached the bottom of the stairs, Simba was perched in his usual place on the table by the front door, tail twitching excitedly as the lock clicked. The very second the door opened, he began a steady stream of coos and chirps.
Dean grinned as the black fabric was replaced over Castiel’s head and he was hauled to his feet and off the stage. He couldn’t wait to meet him.
“That...sounds wonderful,” Castiel said at length, hoping the strain in his voice was undetectable. Hannah nodded, smiling agreeably, and Castiel studied her, unsure whether he hoped to find reassurance or apprehension or something else entirely. Her features were unusually fixed, offering no answers.
“Apologies, I—you had—” He turned and all but threw a few pastries onto his own plate. “I should bring these to Hannah before they go cold,” he finally managed, not waiting for a reply before making a hasty exit, avoiding any further eye contact.
Dean tugged his lip between his teeth, unintentionally coy and seemingly pleased by Castiel’s eager reaction. At last the cork came free of the oil jug with a dull pop and Dean smoothed a generous amount over his fingers before rising slightly off of Castiel’s lap and reaching behind himself.
Still, each retelling had one notable thing in common: the sleeping princess and the person who woke her always fell madly, deeply in love.
“Focus,” Dean chided, though somewhat breathlessly. Castiel strengthened his grip again, shuddering every time Dean hit the right spot. Heat pooled in him and threatened to overflow. “Wanna—knot you—”
Dean wasn't immediately sure what caught his eye. The bright light overhead cast harsh beams down around him, throwing the alleyway into sharp contrast so that beyond the edges of the building the world seemed pitch black. The dumpster lid squeaked and creaked as he lowered it back into place, peering around him for whatever had darted momentarily into his peripheral vision.
“Why don’t we split the work,” Sam continued after a moment. “I’ll check on Jody’s friends and report to her while you and Cas wait for the werewolf to turn. With any luck, we can be back at the bunker by noon tomorrow.”
Many mourned the uncertainty, wondering forlornly at the idea that there was someone better, someone
“Bullshit,” Dean retorted. “Look, I don’t know what’s going on, but it’s clearly wearing you down. And that’s concerning because angels aren’t
The assistant gave the chain a downwards tug, indicating that Castiel should drop to his knees, but no such move of submission was made. Dean watched as Meg kicked at the backs of Castiel’s legs once, twice, before he buckled and dropped to the floor.
The silence between them—Dean’s considering, Hannah’s cautiously hopeful, Castiel’s curious—stretched on until at last, Dean’s expression softened.
“I am,” Castiel replied honestly. He had intended to elaborate, but everything he could think of to say would either give away too much of the truth or be an outright lie.
“Oh.” That wasn’t what he’d been expecting. But, that definitely wasn’t Dean’s fault either. “That was his doing, not yours. No need to apologize. I am sorry if seeing him do that made you uncomfortable. If you wish, I will forget it happened.” Denial was Dean’s defense mechanism, and while it wasn’t very healthy, Castiel figured Dean deserved peace in whatever way he could find it. If Dean wanted him to forget it, then he would.
There was silence save for the gentle echo of footfalls against stone and the crackling of kindling as each new torch was coaxed to life. Dean’s unexpected presence and their subsequent battle had distracted Castiel from his worries, but now his heart hammered in his chest. He was here, truly here at last, to fulfill the first parts of his long foretold destiny. In a matter of minutes, he would lay eyes on his soulmate for the first time, would kiss her awake and fall madly, deeply in love. A part of him was sincerely excited at the prospect.
“Can’t believe he thinks about this,” Michael said through a mocking smirk, “Imagine; You, a holy warrior, a being too unfathomably great for a simple, ephemeral speck of existence like him to comprehend…” He laughed outright. “...and he wants to defile you by having you
An hour before close, Dean went dutifully into the alleyway bearing a saucer of cream, another of tuna (he'd had to run to the nearby grocery store on his lunch break to pick some up; Gabriel had better be appreciative) and a small bowl with fresh water. To his relief the cat was nowhere in sight, so he set everything down by the edge of the dumpster and ducked back inside before it could make an appearance. When he stooped to retrieve the dishes later on, he found the cream gone, but the tuna only half-eaten. Perplexed, he tossed the remainder in the trash on his way inside. Surely cats didn't have a brand preference when it came to tuna, right? Maybe Gabriel gave smaller portions.
“He’s supposed to be our secret!” Cain wrapped an arm around Dean, pulling both him and Colette close.
The symptoms hadn’t gotten any worse, but they hadn’t gotten better either. The doctor told him they wouldn’t, not unless he bonded with an alpha. Alphas had let him down—so he wasn’t going to do that. It was better to be alone than to go through that ever
If you need a warning, things start getting spicy in this chapter. Not with Cas... but you'll see :)
“Hey, you’re ok.” Castiel said immediately, his cool scent permeating the room. The door closed behind him as he stepped inside.
“No sir.” Dean answered, “Just running down on our luck is all.” Sammy had his thumb in his mouth, not saying anything much.
“We can stay a bit longer, fine by me.” Gabriel shrugged as he opened the closet door, “I’ll come back with booze and dessert.”
Billie’s snort got both of their attention, “Just make sure you keep the growling up there and we’ll be fine. Now, slide on down this chair so your butt hangs off.”
John’s impact never really healed, even though it had been seven years since Dean and Sam went to Seattle. But it was compounded in a spectacular series of events when Sam left for college. Dean could barely speak for weeks and at first everything came out as a stutter. He didn’t think he would ever be the person he was before. He was broken. Working on cars helped him forget all that. Whether it was new or old. Old cars were like puzzles that just fit together, everything with its place and reason. New cars used computers, and Dean had taken to them right after they moved to Seattle. Computers were like cars. They didn’t talk. They didn’t have expectations. They weren't ashamed of him. They didn’t need a bond. Didn’t ask him for nothin’.
“You’re a good big brother.” The man told him, sighing and rubbing his face a bit, “Alright kid, but you come to me if you need anything.” He plopped down two plates, then set on the ground next to Dean’s feet a bag of sheets.
“Dinner tonight is a bit simple—Missouri is worried about how your stomach will react.” Cain explained, giving Dean his bowl of chicken and rice soup. The soup was brilliant, so it wasn’t much of a sacrifice to eat it.
“It’s alright.” Dean said, placing the now empty glass on her tray. She gave him some napkins, which helped soak it up. Whatever the drink was, it had some sort of syrup in it because it smelled sweet.
The noises only got louder and the smells got weirder. Dean couldn’t open his eyes, his hands over his face. Everything smelled like distress, but his
come to Jesus meetings. And obviously they are humbling because it forced Cain to face what his soul sucking demonic job did to him. I had one with his boss, who now runs a non-profit that is undoing all the horribleness he did as well. So, not to brag, but I think I could do some damage.” Dean smiled a bit at her, his heart felt lifted. Bobby was right. Cain and Colette were good people.
It was silent when she left, Dean looked over at Cas, “Oh, I’ll step over here so you can change.” Castiel stepped between the curtain and the door as Dean hopped off the chair. Dean was sure Cas couldn’t see through, so he threw his briefs on quickly, “I feel like I should apologize for my behavior. I should have warned you in advance that I would growl. I hoped it wouldn’t happen, but that was probably very naïve on my part.” The paper robe crinkled as he pulled it off, moving to his jeans and Henley, “I cannot help but feel very protective over you.” He huffed, taking a deep breath, “I—I
“First one.” Dean admitted. Cindy didn’t smell any better. She smelled like antiseptic and old peppermints. She pulled out a few supplies.
“Older alpha brother could have challenged your father. Even if he didn’t necessarily win out, you still could have been
“Minimally. You still go into one—it doesn’t suppress your heats at all. If you want a suppressant, I will offer them under extreme caution. With ARS, I usually recommend a few years of heats before trying medication.”
Garth nodded, so Dean helped him into the car. The hospital wasn’t too far away. Dean went ahead and texted Colette that Garth would be there. She was working that day, so she knew the wait time at the ER. Colette texted back quickly that they would be all ready for Garth when he came in.
“Nah, Cas is great. Cain’s my alpha—he is probably going to be devastated that I tried to do this alone. My last heat, I recovered the best—probably ever. He embarrassed the shit outta me, but I think that’s usual Dad joke behavior.”
He curled back up again, feeling lousy. He flipped over, but that made him feel worse. Frowning, he sat up and reached out for Sammy’s pillow, grabbing it with a blanket. The pillow smelled of Sammy, and Dean wished he was here right now to comb his fingers through Dean’s hair like Mom used to when he was sick.
“It is when an alpha does not do right by the omegas in their care—the alpha doesn’t let the omega know how much they are loved, cherished. The omegas instincts are to care, when the alpha says they are not enough over and over again, the omegas nervous system starts to act on itself—do you know what that is Sammy?”
“He is a bit worried since it was more intense than what he remembers.” Castiel’s deep voice. Castiel remembered their conversation from earlier, it nearly made Dean want to pur.
Dean blushed, “Cain’s neurotic.” Castiel’s finger gently went over his father’s bite, then Sam’s. The marks both nearly faded.
They wandered out to the dinner table where Cain and Bobby were already seated with food on the table.
Dean nodded, “T-touch, Act of S-Service, Q-quality time, G-gifts and—” Dean scrunched up his face, he couldn’t remember the last one.
I have ever met.” Colette said passionately. Dean wouldn’t look at her, but he knew she was crying, “One day, an alpha is going to treat you the way you deserve to be treated. And I hope, one day, you will believe it when they tell you that you make the
“I don’t want to growl at anyone else.” Castiel said, tying off his arm with a rubber band. Cas moved his head a bit, “I don’t want to growl at anyone else because of
If you haven't read any of my other stories, you will know I am recklessly pro-therapy. This story continues that model :)
“Have you been sexually active with an alpha?” Missouri asked, and Dean shook his head. No. Not once. Not
Dean flipped the blankets over his head and curled up tighter into himself. Why couldn’t his body just be
Dean found his favorite blanket and wrapped himself up in it at the table. Cain held up a carafe of bourbon.
“People are still kinda assholes. But now I got a community to support me. They know I’m not stupid just because I presented as an omega—or all the sudden only ever think about having children—or we’re some sort of sex gods. While at the same time obviously maintaining our chastity, which one would think is contradictory.” Billie said with a raised brow, “But I’m here to say that I’m happy. I got great friends, family, and a pretty awesome boyfriend. I don’t take shit from anyone. It really does get better.”
“I watched some videos today about—about people like me.” Dean confessed when Sammy started a new chapter. He didn’t want to say it out loud quite yet, he wasn’t sure if it would give it power.
“Where did you find all this shit boy?” His father demanded in his alpha voice. Dean tried to think of how he got it, but he
Dinner was fantastic. The wings were some of the best that Dean had ever had and it was the most relaxed he felt in a while. He was proud of himself for being coming this far. At the end of dinner, Ana went for the side exit—complaining about too many alphas crowding the front. Dean followed her. He had too many wins to count, he didn’t need to prove a point by walking through the now massive crowd of people watching the football game on the TVs up front.
“C-Can I g-et you anything?” Pam asked. Dean shook his head even though he couldn’t see her, “T-text me if you d-do. Okay?” Dean texted her back ‘k’ from underneath the blanket. She left him alone, but he didn’t feel any better.
He pulled on his absorbent briefs when he got out and a shirt of Cain’s. His sheets from the day before were out of the dryer, folded neatly. He threw the gross ones into the washer, taking his new set and putting them on the bed.
He tried to go back to sleep, closing his eyes and willed everything to go away. He ached. He rolled over so he was on his stomach and had to bite back a groan. His hips couldn’t help but twitch again, enjoying the friction. Dean’s breathing escalated.
His hand moved on its own, driving more pleasure. The other cupped his balls. He was sure that his mind wasn’t actively deciding any of it, “Fuck.
The steady beeping noise is what first brought him into consciousness. He could smell Sammy was curled up next to him, even though it all smelled a bit like antiseptic. He buried his nose into Sammy’s hair.
“You see Gabriel often?” Dean knew there was something Cain was asking, but Dean wasn’t quite sure what it was. He was sure he would hate being an alpha—too much sub text and not enough straight talk.
“Nice t-to m-meet y-you.” Pam said with a smile. Her slight stutter made Dean want to smile. Someone who finally spoke like Dean. He nodded back, taking the chair next to her.
“Ok—anxious—but ok.” He said honestly. She was in athletic clothes, sitting at the table with her laptop open.
to take a deep breath to calm down, but his chest just seemed too tight. When the alpha tried to put his hand on Dean’s shoulder, Dean let out a sharp cry like he was being cut open. The pressure went away, but the reading didn’t. Slowly, the hand came back. It was like a part of his brain came back online slightly. Some part of Dean wanted to curl up next to the alpha with his head on his lap. But the other part was too terrified. He could understand more of what the alpha was saying. The alpha must have noticed it was helping slightly, because he didn’t move his hand. But Dean still didn’t want to eat anything, and certainly still didn’t want to talk to anyone. Pam tried to come back in and at least get him to eat, but Dean was suddenly terrified the alpha would leave with her. He couldn’t move. Couldn’t breathe, so then Pam left.
at chemistry. He was in a basic freshman science course that touched on just about everything in science, but this segment was on Chemistry.  For some reason it clicked with him better than the other students. When the bell rang, he stood up and felt a little woozy. It was a bit weird that his seat felt
They were still hunched over the pictures over an hour later. Dean had pages of notes as they discussed different ideas. It was clear Castiel knew his way around a car as well. Not the particulars so much, but definitely enough to impress Dean. When Dean’s stomach rumbled, Castiel told him it was time to call it quits.
happen. And once Cain was given some leeway, he certainly took advantage of it. Dean’s chest eased a bit, now feeling a bit more comfortable to sit down on the barstool near Castiel. He didn’t know why his inner instincts now felt a bit more comfortable after Cain’s scent marking—but it worked.
Coming home to his room that night didn’t feel like the relief he wanted it to be. His room needed work but Dean didn’t feel any motivation to do it. There were clothes piled up and things were falling off the walls, but he just couldn’t get himself to care. He got is work boots off, bundling up into his bed.
“Um, one more thing.” Castiel was tense, which made Dean tense. Cas also was blushing, which was weird, “Dean smells very anxious—and you’re doing an exam—so I apologize if I growl at you.”
“Dad! I found it! I found it!” Dean started yelling back, terror gripping his heart as he covered his face. His stomach felt like it was simultaneously in his throat and doing flip-flops. He couldn’t feel his hands. His face felt like it had been split in two and he wasn’t sure why everything was red.
Sammy took his thumb from his mouth and began eating. He wasn’t really a big talker, but that was just fine by Dean. Dean always knew what he was saying, so talking didn’t matter much to him. The two sat there and ate until Dean was satisfied Sammy was full. He grabbed the bag of sheets and carried it home like his backpack.
The two worked out a system. Though it was still difficult to plan out when his heats were going to be, Sammy had engineered a method to make sure that their Dad was never impacted by it. He had rigged up the door with some sort of deodorizing seal. Dean didn’t ask too many questions, but it
It was almost like since John couldn’t smell it, he never walked into the room. It had become a small oasis for the two boys. They brought in posters to hang up on the wall—well, Dead did—Sam continued to write his homework up on the wall if it was particularly complicated.
Whether Dean was aware of Castiel’s flaws and actively dismissing them or filtering them out subconsciously was unclear, but the implication was not lost on him: Dean did not see those things in Castiel. Dean recognized a better version of him, a version Castiel desperately wanted to be. He swallowed thickly (or perhaps it was Memory-Dean swallowing around a big bite of burger) as the memory faded away until he was once more adrift in the unpredictable tumult of Dean’s mind.
He turned to fill the pot with water from the pump. Dean wasn’t looking at him, but the corner of his mouth was ticked up in an amused grin. Castiel watched as he worked deftly, familiarly with his newly made dough, as though he’d done so many times. “I didn’t know you could bake.”
“Think of what you’d like to see, and look below the surface.” She spoke absently, looking not at him but peering intently into the lake, as though she could see the bottom. “For example, it would be helpful to know where Dean is.”
There were too many things he wanted to say, the more inane of which involved asking Dean to marry him on the spot, but he was too exhausted and his mind far too jumbled to make real sense of any of them. It could wait.
Dean’s eyebrows rose in surprise; whatever he might have anticipated, it had clearly not been that. Castiel was certain he wore a very similar expression. Practically speaking, if Dean was prepared to join them, Castiel could see no reason that he should deny Hannah a companion from her former life. After all, legend dictated that upon waking she was meant to return to Castiel’s home, not her own. Still, he could not recall any instance of a matched pair returning with a third in tow.
Crowley ushered his assistant back onto the stage for the next auction and indicated the new information projected on the screen behind him.
“No need to be so modest, Dean,” Michael crowed, gesturing as though addressing an unseen audience. Dean winced. “Let’s see how they look on you.”
A scoff sounded behind him. “Am I to take you at your word? Prove it.” The sword dug threateningly into his neck and Castiel hissed as it broke the skin. Slowly, so as not to cause alarm, he moved both hands to tug at the strip of leather around his neck until the glass vial under his tunic came free. He offered it for the other man to see, clutching it tightly in his fist.
Once they reached the shoreline, Castiel leaned forward over the water, hoping to see underneath. Instead, he saw the brilliant cloudless sky and the tops of the nearest trees, and his own face peered up at him as though he were looking into a gigantic mirror. The wind ruffled his hair, and the trees in the reflection waved their appreciation, but no ripples disturbed the image, and no water lapped at the shore.
“Look,” he said finally, forcing his vocal cords into action, “I don’t know what I did to piss you off so bad Cas, but can you just be straight with me? Sammy’s right, we can’t go after the Darkness with our—“ his mind flailed about for the right words, and he made a vague gesture with his hands, “team dynamic, or whatever, all out of whack.”
Within forty-eight hours, Simba—so named by Gabriel—had not only proven that absolutely no surface was safe from cat hair, but that Dean's efforts to keep him off the furniture were cute at best.
Golden brown and sweet-smelling, the pastries looked perfect. Even the ones folded by his own clumsy hands had ended up resembling proper baked goods instead of amorphous blobs as he’d feared.
From his hiding place Castiel traced Dean’s form with his eyes, admiring the broadness of his shoulders and the slight taper at his waist. Sunlight fell against him in such a way that his muscle definition was dramaticized, although Castiel was certain someone of Dean’s proficiency with a blade did not need tricks of the light to lend him the appearance of intimidating strength. However much Dean might mock him for his inferior swordsmanship, Castiel was no stranger to the effort required to learn to weild a weapon in any meaningful way.
“This what you want?” he asked, punctuating the question with two more hard thrusts and a nip to Castiel’s earlobe. Castiel groaned breathily and arched his back, pushing his hips as high as they’d go in his current position. “Should’ve guessed by your build that you could handle more than most,” Dean was saying, “That’s part of why I brought you home, after all. Knew you weren’t some delicate flower, knew you could handle me.”
On the third pass, he felt it again. He pulled in slow, deep breaths, trying to relax his way through the nagging discomfort. It was no use; one more swipe and he was flinching again.
“I’m sure there’s an interesting story to go with it,” Rowena reassured him, “so, off you go. Tell me the story.”
No such worry was warranted this time, however; Sam misjudged his footing and teetered precariously on the edge of a step as Castiel tugged at the limp arm around his shoulders, adjusting Dean’s weight until Sam found his balance.
Castiel snorted at the wry comment, allowing himself to be turned towards the staircase at last. It was nearly dark out, now; late enough that sunlight no longer found its way to them at the bottom of the tower, but still too early for moonlight to offer any aid. The large hand of his companion left his shoulder as they passed the little alcove to the left.
When Castiel didn’t answer him immediately, the shifter held his flashlight up so that is shined directly into Castiel’s face, causing spots to burst into his vision and his head to throb. He squinted in an attempt to make out the shifter beyond the light.
A few pieces clicked together slowly in Castiel’s distracted mind. They had been right to guess an alternative breed of Djinn; this kind, it seemed, preyed on its victims’ insecurities and used them to craft situations in which those insecurities would be exploited so the Djinn could feed off—what? Shame, perhaps? Embarrassment?
For no other reason than because he was now allowed to do freely, Castiel caught Dean’s plush bottom lip—already quite red and swollen from so many kisses—  between his teeth, soothing over it with his tongue immediately afterwards. Dean carded his fingers through Castiel’s hair and pulled him back down, sealing their lips together in a proper kiss, open-mouthed and desperate.
Dean nodded without taking his eyes off the road. They were still a few hundred miles outside of Wisconsin, and the sun shone brightly above them. He had no worries that they’d arrive in time for the full moon, and even if they didn’t, Cas had gone along before them to set up camp and do some reconnaissance.
Jack leaned close once Dean was properly situated on a bed and studied the blue Djinn magic that trailed over Dean’s temples and up into his hairline in a lazy, endless loop. “Shouldn’t he have woken up when you killed the Djinn?”
There were delighted murmurs around the room and even Dean raised an eyebrow, intrigued. There were several here who bought into the fetishized ideal of the male omega if the half-phrases that reached him were anything to go by; many were drawn to the idea of an omega who could not be impregnated and thus would necessitate no additional precautions. Dean was far more interested in this Castiel’s build; an omega over six feet was fairly uncommon regardless of primary sex.
Once his initial awe had subsided, Dean nudged Impala close to the series of large wooden panels that bore an abbreviated version of the legend surrounding the oasis. He dismounted swiftly and made quick work of securing the mare’s reigns around one of the posts. As he turned away, Impala whinnied cheerfully at him, bumping her nose against his shoulder until he smiled and reached up to stroke her snout. Castiel smirked, imagining the ugly expression he was certain would contort Bartholomew’s face were he here to see Impala being so affectionate towards a comparative stranger.
wedding. Castiel considered that he was not nearly as clever as his mother supposed; he knew, of course, that he and Hannah were destined to join their grace in a show of unity between their kingdoms. He also knew that such a ceremony was typically preceded by a grand wedding to recognize and celebrate true love and all its wonders.
Hannah placed her smaller hand on top of his where it rested on the arm of his chair, squeezing gently. “Thank you,” she said sincerely, “That would make him—and me—very happy.”
Castiel watched dumbly as Dean strained against some invisible force that was slowly but steadily pulling his hands away from his body, leaving him properly on display. Dean glared fiercely at Michael, but the effect was tempered slightly by the bright flush spilling across his face and down to his clavicle.
“Dean,” the man replied, pulling out a long torch and a tinderbox, the former of which he handed to Castiel.
Dean cleared his throat. “Well Cas, uh, your room is still open to you of course. Rest up, buddy, you’ll bounce back.”
Hannah was no longer a stranger; the idea that he simply didn’t know her well enough yet was absurd. Neither could the case be made that he was too absorbed with other business to let himself become enamoured. Not a day had gone by since their return that he did not seek her company at least once. Even—or especially—when his day was filled with long, tedious meetings arguing over this or that policy, Hannah was there to suggest an evening stroll after dinner or a night tucked away in the library.
The swordsman’s breath hitched. Perhaps the severity of the situation had finally occurred to him, now that he knew who he held at knifepoint.
The cat looked at Dean directly for the first time since they had entered. Dean looked back warily from his place against the wall; the cat was perched on the very edge of the table, as though it were going to leap across the room at him.
“Castiel?” Princess Hannah asked, voice barely above a whisper, sounding awestruck. Castiel nodded, offering a small smile. She returned it, stroking a thumb softly over his cheekbone.
Behind him, his doppelganger and Michael vanished in a puff of smoke. The fraying edges of the hallucination began to disintegrate in earnest. When Castiel looked down, Dean was fully dressed.
Even so, it had been years since Dean had stood across from the cold, calculating version of Castiel in that barn. So much time spent with the Winchesters had made Cas malleable, each new human experience molding him (usually for the better) away from his original staunch loyalty to his orders or mission. And of course, Castiel
Once Sam’s burger had been appropriately trimmed he brought both plates and two beers over to the table. Sam scooted slightly away from the books and leaned over his plate for his first bite, sparing the ancient texts from the grease.
“Thank you.” Castiel took half the pile and started to eat, pausing when he saw that Hannah was watching him and making no move to eat. “Aren’t you hungry?”
Castiel opened sleepy eyes to study Dean’s profile. The candle had long since burned out, leaving only the moon as a source of light. In that brief moment, as he stroked the pad of his thumb along the freckles that dotted Dean’s cheek, it occurred to him how miserably this entire scenario could have played out. In a different life, in some other universe, a version of him was aching and miserable, longing to feel what he felt now. Loving. Loved. His eyes burned suddenly at the thought, but he blinked the wetness away.
“Whenever I think of home, I wonder if I miss things because I truly miss them, or because I long for an idealized, distantly remembered version,” she elaborated. “I went to sleep a child and woke up ten years later a woman. Looking at myself in the mirror, seeing someone who is recognizable in many ways but wholly unfamiliar in many others, is still a little jarring. I’m reminded then more than ever that the world carried on while I slept.”
Dean waited for his brother’s pleased expression—he made damn good burgers, and he wanted the recognition—before smiling and digging in himself. The egg yolk burst
Dean should have said something. He should have grabbed Cas by the shoulder, turned him around and talked himself hoarse until Cas understood how crazy it was to think he was worthless. He
Finally, Dean raised his hands in a gesture of surrender and went back out into the hallway. And if he closed Cas’ door a little harder than was strictly necessary, who had to know.
"Hey, Dean," came Kevin's voice from the doorway, "Fridge is restocked, inventory's been taken, floors are clean. Am I alright to leave? I don't want to be late for study group—“
Dean was right; how ridiculous would it be to end up in jail because of an ill-timed itch, or some other similar discomfort? He willed himself to stay still and silent as Dean brought his palms to Castiel’s skin once more.
Too late. As soon as the backs of his fingers were within reach the cat was rubbing his face against them, nudging this way and that until he could settle a fuzzy cheek into Dean's palm. He scratched hesitantly, feeling the cat's rumbling purr in his fingertips. Big, yellow eyes blinked up at him slowly, and for a strange moment, it made Dean think of Sam.
“Dean, look.” Dean brought the binoculars back to his eyes and watched as the man turned feral, smashing his bedroom window and descending to the ground.
The red in Dean’s face darkened and he inhaled sharply, audibly, before finally meeting Castiel’s gaze. For a second he looked stunned, but then he pulled his hand away abruptly, hurrying to put space between them.
Hannah flushed prettily at the compliment, something in her expression relaxing minutely. Beside them, Queen Naomi made an approving sound.
Castiel gulped in between shaking breaths. “I...apologize…” he managed, blinking dazedly up at Dean’s lovely face.
The moment was abruptly interrupted when Dean’s vision was almost entirely obstructed by thick obsidian feathers. His heart leapt into his throat at the sudden loss of sight, and his hands slipped on the wheel, pulling Baby harshly to the left before Dean corrected the motion and continued to a clumsy stop off the side of the road. There was a great rustling sound as Dean fumbled for the door handle, his fingers slipping through Cas’ suddenly very tangible wings. He all but fell out of the car, and Sam came stumbling around from the passenger side, spluttering a feather out of his mouth.
Castiel frowned, worried. “He should have,” he confirmed, drawing his grace forth and pressing two fingers to Dean’s left temple. The blue wisps shifted out of the way of his fingers, but otherwise continued their leisurely path. Other than a slightly elevated heart rate, nothing troubling made itself known to Castiel; Dean seemed to be peacefully asleep. “I don’t sense anything wrong with him.”
“I...wanted to see you,” he hedged, realizing far too late that in his hurry to move his plan forward he had neglected to prepare anything to say.
Samandriel sparred with a man Castiel didn’t recognize, but by the way they were smiling and laughing Castiel supposed it must be a brother, or maybe—
he have, and truthfully he could understand why. Now that he was comfortable, he would find something to do until Sam and Dean woke up. He’d read a book perhaps, or watch Netflix—
Castiel blinked rapidly as the entire hallucination echoed and grew fuzzy, as though he were watching a TV show with bad reception. His surroundings grayed out into static and Castiel rubbed at his eyes, disoriented, until his attention was abruptly recaptured by a very familiar sound.
“Here I am,” he agreed, diverting from his intended path to join his mother amongst the greenery, “Have you been looking for me?”
Castiel must have considered him for a beat too long because Dean squirmed slightly in his arms, his eyes averted.
to touch him in any way. He spat a summation of those thoughts at the face in front of him, the words sharp as they lashed themselves out of his mouth.
“I am Prince Castiel, son of King Charles and Queen Naomi and heir to the western throne,” Castiel spoke clearly, “Princess Hannah is my divinely chosen match; I intend to wake her and bring her back to my home.”
He shouldn’t watch. Djinn magic didn’t simply create scenarios out of thin air; it relied on knowledge of its victims to stimulate the desired emotions. This Djinn had known this to be a shameful secret of Dean’s, something that he wanted but that caused him intense embarrassment to acknowledge. He shouldn’t watch.
The wing around him twitched but did not leave him. It felt like Castiel was preparing for some kind of rejection. But Cas deserved to hear that he was important, even if Dean didn’t have a beautifully prepared speech ready. He would just have to run his mouth, and hope for the best.
And yet, much like his missing romantic inclinations towards Hannah, Castiel had managed to overlook the reality of getting married
Castiel stayed stock still as Dean resumed his petting, eyes wide and heart racing. At each brush of Dean’s palms over him he held his breath, waiting to see if Dean would swipe the ticklish spot again and only exhaling once he had successfully passed it.
“She is a talented cook,” Castiel said, setting his ingredients beside the fire and reaching for a small pot, “but she dislikes seeing me in the kitchen. Perhaps she’s worried the nobles will never take me seriously if my doublet is dotted with flour.”
With a grunt and some careful balancing, Dean managed to get the back door open without setting down the bin of flattened delivery boxes and other assorted recyclables he was lugging along with him.
In the context of romantic intimacy, someone wiping a stray crumb from his mouth was almost laughably tame and barely worth acknowledging. Still, despite Dean’s near-constant proximity as Hannah’s guard, he and Castiel shared relatively little physical contact. Castiel looked forward to the rare times they did briefly interact no matter how perfunctory the touch, so infatuated had he accidentally become with Dean. The way his cheeks warmed, then, came as no surprise.
“Hm? Oh, no I’m good,” he said, before hunching over the table again. Dean turned back to the stove with a shrug.
"The one off route eighteen," Dean said, "Why, do you have a preferred vet for the strays you adopt?"
After a moment he pulled back slightly, resting his forehead against Princess Hannah’s and wondering what was meant to happen next. Before enough time could pass for him to grow worried, Castiel felt her breathing change as she stirred, returning to consciousness at long last. In an effort to avoid startling her he put more space between them, watching dark eyelashes flutter briefly.
The nurse was back, sans cat. Dean stood, clearing his throat and hoping he didn't sound as ridiculously congested as he felt.
By the end of a full twenty-four hours, Sam had worked himself all the way up to frantic. Despite Castiel’s insistence, he clearly had not slept.
to feel degraded.” He tapped his chin thoughtfully, nodding to himself. “That must be it. As a warrior of Heaven, I’m superior to you in countless ways; strategically, it makes sense that you’d want to defile me until I’m brought down to your level.” He blinked emotionlessly down at Dean. “Maybe Uriel was right to think of you as ‘mud monkeys’.”
Castiel swallowed, apprehensive. Had someone else sought to wake the Princess? Their efforts would have been futile, of course; she would wake for no one but Castiel. Still, his blood turned to ice at the thought of Princess Hannah, unaware and unprotected, prone to a faceless monster intent on committing unspeakable crimes. His hand went to the hilt of his sword and he listened carefully.
Lisa had such high hopes for him and would be heartbroken if he let this tank his performance, and he would never forgive himself if he brought
He was saved by the sound of a handgun going off from somewhere to his left. The shifter stopped moving instantly, falling limply against him before gracelessly sliding sideways onto the floor, an unseen silver bullet lodged soundly in his temporal lobe. Even though it was never Dean, Castiel felt his stomach turn at the blank, dead green eyes still aimed at him.
Dean nodded without looking away from Castiel. That suited him fine; both he and Sam were on scent blockers most of the time and he’d planned on requiring that Castiel stay on them too. It helped with anonymity.
For a brief moment he hung weightless and still, suspended in hushed darkness, and then in a sudden, wild flurry of movement and colors and sounds the space around him exploded into activity. Encouraged forward by a tug just behind his navel (or rather, where his vessel’s navel
Before he could dither further about whether or not to seek out Hannah, a choice was made for him in the form of his mother catching sight of him as he passed the entrance to the castle garden.
The lunch rush was finishing up, judging by the slightly chaotic state of their workstation and the flushed but relieved look on his temp worker's face.
“The princess is my charge.” The swordsman peered down at the vial around his neck, encircling the glass with careful, protective fingers. “Just as she is bound to sleep until her soul match comes to wake her, so too am I bound to stand guard at her side. By the will of the creators, a Winchester has always looked after the eastern throne.”
“The child is without a match!” Light pulsed angrily, furious with Darkness’ carelessness. “She is one soul extra, doomed to wander the Earth in vain for a complement that does not exist! She must be struck down lest she upset the matches we’ve predetermined.”
At last, the light gathered above their hands, and Castiel gasped along with Hannah and the crowd as the ball of light shot into the air, returned properly to their creators.
Castiel’s faintly blue grace danced through and around the equally eager, iridescent lilac of Hannah’s, until the two colors were indistinguishable from one another, a shifting, colorful aura that surrounded them.
Castiel looked at Hannah for confirmation, and without any words she understood his request. A firm nod from her calmed his nerves and she kept her hand in his as they turned to face the crowd together.
He met Castiel at a park across from the suspected werewolf’s house just as the streetlights came to life. They settled on a park bench where they were partially hidden from view by a tree, and Dean took out his binoculars to get a good look at the werewolf.
She wrinkled her nose good-naturedly. “I am Princess to nearly everyone,” she said, pushing the canopy aside and stepping properly into the room. “To you, I would very much like to just be Hannah.”
At last, the King could stand his lady’s sadness no more and he summoned a High Priestess to their chambers and asked for a ritual, a ceremony, a miracle that would give them the child they so desperately wanted. Together they prayed long into the night, begging that their blessed creators hear them.
“No, Cas, listen—I’ve spent my whole life hating myself for my mistakes okay, I know what it feels like. And you, you don’t deserve…you deserve to know how important you are to all of us, to…to me.”
“No, that’s not what I—“ Dean pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration. Christ, the damn apocalypse had been easier than this.
It was easy to forget that Castiel was an ancient, powerful Angel of the Lord squished into the comparably quite small human form of the late Jimmy Novak.
Arousal had simmered just beneath the surface of his skin for six long days, fueled by the giddy happiness that came with knowing his affections were reciprocated. The handful of hot, frantic kisses they had managed to steal in dark corridors did nothing to sate him; just when he let himself get swept away, Dean would pull back and rush off to his post with an apology and a promise of next time, leaving Castiel flushed and wanting and thoroughly incapable of giving his undivided attention to whichever task was currently at hand.
“So tight,” Dean murmured, sounding reverent. The fine tremor that Castiel had detected in Dean’s hands when he’d first dug fingers greedily into his skin had relocated to his voice, and for the first time in many years, Castiel felt pride at his owner’s enjoyment of him.
“My sincerest apologies, Naomi. I regret to announce that Castiel will suffer great hardships in the later part of his life. Beyond that, I do not know what will become of him.”
, Dean," he griped, "Do you have any idea how much it would cost you if I had a heart attack on the job?"
“I can see why this would be disquieting,” he commented over his shoulder. Hannah nodded her agreement from behind him.
Sam’s fist sailed through the air in a practiced arc, landing mercilessly against Castiel’s already aching jaw. His face snapped to the right with the force of the blow, knocking against his raised arm and jostling the chains that held his wrists in a too-tight grip above his head. His chest heaved and blood began to slip from the new cut on his bottom lip, surprising him—human punches shouldn’t hurt an angel, even if the punches came from a giant like Sam—before he recalled dully that these chains bore angel-warding sigils, which was partly the reason he was stuck here in the first place.
“Dean!” Castiel was wearing scrubs with a scrub cap on as well. His office had one light off, the wall had back lit screens of different scans all over it. The table had papers stacked in neat piles, all color coded. His desk was just as neat.
Gabriel brought back three glasses of scotch on the rocks and an entire tray full of sweets. Dean sat on the floor, eating and taking small sips. He still wasn’t drinking too much, but now it wasn’t nearly as bad as it used to be. Gabriel told stories about customers, making Dean cry from laughter. The tightness in his chest loosened as Gabriel told stories. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he laughed that hard. Gabriel knew he had an audience, so his stories became more and more dramatic.
Tell me you listen to the podcast Maintenance Phase without telling me you listening to the podcast... Castiel's rant courtesy of the podcast :)
Cain let out a shaky breath, putting his mug down and turning to face Dean a bit more, “But now you know why—I won’t ever leave behind a pack member ever again. Ok? Because of my neglect—I lost my brother, his mate and his children. I never
“Oh, it is nice to meet you.” Ellen said brightly, “This round is on me. Ash says you inspired him to get serious about a bite.” Dean’s heart stopped, his stomach dropped. The air felt like it had been sucked out of the room. Ash frowned, a bit uncomfortable. Dean knew it wasn’t a single conversation they had, but Dean completely falling apart that had frightened Ash.
“It’s the next Thursday. We tried—Missouri tried to pull you out of it—Jody. Bobby said it’s happened to you before for days at a time, it’s a common symptom of advanced ARS. I—we didn’t want to—we were scared—I didn’t want to ask you until—it just felt like I was taking advantage of your state if I asked then.” Cain confessed.
.” Dean whispered, coming all over his fingers again. He kept pushing the toy deep inside of him, as hard as he could. He turned the vibration down a bit, as now it was
Billie laughed, “Birth control has a lot of side effects. I know it is rather normal to accept them, but I would rather my patients know the facts.”
“Thank you for telling me.” Cain said again. Dean nodded slowly, taking in Cain’s pack scent, “Come on, let’s snuggle and watch James Bond do sexy things.”
“O’ course you’re not. But Billie would want to—I swear it. He’d be pissed if I didn’t insist on it.” Dean handed over his phone and Paterson typed it in quickly.
“I’m—I’m—I’m—” Dean huffed, but he was able to move a bit. He tried to get his legs to listen to him, wobbling a bit as he stood up. The blanket parted a bit so they could see, but he could still only smell the two of them.
Fun Fact #???+2: Charlie/Lisa was entirely unplanned. I guess I should have known that if I wrote Charlie and Lisa into the same story, Charlie would have no chill about it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ A happy accident.
Castiel brought one over and watched as the cue ball sent everything else sliding around the table. Dean considered the resulting layout for a moment before taking aim and sinking two solid colored balls in one shot.
“Or perhaps I can recommend an item number based on your criteria?” the employee pressed before Dean could send him away.
“Yes, very good,” the Queen interrupted, plenty aware that their silliness would continue if she let it, “Castiel, we’ve been discussing arrangements for the wedding; there are plenty of areas that could do with your input, now that you’re here.” She leaned over the bush next to her, peering critically at the available buds before selecting one and adding it to the vase.
“I’m happy too,” Castiel said honestly, offering her his hand. She took it, shifting to put her bare feet on the ground and standing slowly, carefully, testing her weight. “I’ve been told the stories—our story—since boyhood,” he told her, “though I’m afraid they’re rather lacking in their retellings of your perspective. You’re very brave, Princess.”
"Dean-o! Councilman Roman just called about his reelection brunch this weekend; do we have enough time to swap the cranberry scones out with the gluten-free version?" Gabe's tone was as chipper as ever, even as he pulled an exasperated face.
“Friends, families, people of the western kingdom, I welcome you.” Her voice was pretty and lyrical as it poured over the now silent crowd. “It is truly a heartwarming thing, these opportunities we get to recognize a divinely chosen pair. As legend tells, we celebrate the union of this pair by joining grace from each person. This is a sacred act, one that signifies not just the union of these two people, but also the continued unity between our vast kingdoms.”
, Castiel.” Dean exhaled sharply, irritated. “You and your kingdom have shown me great hospitality, and I am grateful for it. But make no mistake; my loyalty lies unquestionably with Hannah. If you hurt her—”
“Who knew such a lovely ceremony would be so exhausting?” she joked. “I don’t know about you, but I cannot wait for the feast to start.”
—“ Gabriel emphasized his name in an exaggerated imitation of professionalism. “—to retrieve the stray cat that hangs out around our cafe. Tell me doctor; will he live?"
Around them, the dreary space fell apart and they were weightless, suspended amidst Dean’s thoughts and memories.
“Wh—I—” Dean stuttered, the red returning to his cheeks. Fake-Castiel tilted his head, frowning down at Dean and speaking almost as if to himself.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck, feeling awkward. None of that sounded cheap; was there a way to convey "he's a stray, I don't know if I'm willing to hand over a bunch of cash if he'll just go back to being a stray" without sounding like an incredibly cruel, heartless bastard? He didn't think so.
The doctor smiled, and just like that everything intimidating about him dissolved away. Dean always found it a fascinating transition to watch.
Dean considered him for a moment, his hand paused in its return to the fruit bowl, then grinned. “If His Majesty desires a floury doublet, who am I to stop him? Here, help me place the fruit.” He shifted to one side, indicating the dough on the counter.
“Everyone has a weak spot,” Dean offered. Truthfully, he was impressed that it had taken so long to find something Castiel truly struggled with. He and Sam had been pushing him hard for the past few weeks, speed training him on as many of the basic skills needed for a heist as they could think of.
And then fake-Castiel shoved Dean bodily to the side, sending him tumbling over the edge of the bed and onto the floor, where he landed gracelessly with a heavy thud and a confused grunt.
Castiel nodded, appeased. Then, hurriedly before Hannah could get lost in her pages again, “And Dean? Does he miss home?”
Once the crowd had died down, Castiel and Hannah retreated back into the castle, where Hannah exhaled dramatically.
“You know, the brothers are idiots. I mean it’s like they willfully ignore what’s right in front of them, you know? The rest of us aren’t so stupid. We know about your little crush on…
“I know I said we’d wait until my rut,” Dean’s voice came from near the door, followed closely by a soft click. The overhead lights went out, leaving only the gray light from a cloudy afternoon streaming through the large windows on the left wall. “But I have one more training exercise for you.”
“I admit, this was partly a selfish endeavor,” Dean said, grinning as he pulled two small plates from a nearby shelf. He plucked the topmost pastry off the pile and offered it to Castiel before adding one to his own plate. “Try it.”
Dean smiled wide at him from across the table, a mischievous glint in his eye. “We’ll start tomorrow,” he said, winking at him as he sunk another ball.
Slowly, ever so slowly, Dean lowered himself into Castiel’s lap. The feeling of slippery heat wrapping tightly around his cock was almost immediately overwhelming, but the sheer knowledge that he was allowed so close to Dean at all—close enough to be intimate with him, close enough to be
Dean followed Dr. Novak down the hall, Gabriel bouncing along beside him, to the second-to-last room on the left. The nurse was waiting for them, standing next to the examination table and petting the considerably-perkier-looking orange stray.
“The only reason I spared him was because he carries a grace vial,” Dean went on. “Speaking of which—” He retrieved the iridescent vial from its pouch and offered it to Hannah. Smiling, she tugged it free of the leather cord it hung by and with practiced fingers hooked it to the silver chain around her neck.
Cas had only ever revealed his wings—sort of—at the peak of battle, the great shadowy outlines arching away from him in a threatening display of dominance and aggression. It didn’t surprise Dean that other creatures turned tail at the sight of them. But this was different; the shadows behind Cas kept coming in and out of focus, sometimes clear enough to make out a few of the outermost primary feathers, and other times mostly resembling transparent amorphous blobs that shifted around as he moved.
“Perhaps I should learn to make it,” Castiel said as Dean tore off a bit of dough and flattened it into a vaguely triangular shape on the counter, “So that I can make it for her someday.”
“Are you...” Castiel started, searching green eyes intently when they rose to meet his own, “...a dragon?” It was admittedly difficult to be sure in the fading late-afternoon light spilling in from the windows, but these eyes lacked the cold, calculating emptiness he might have expected to find in a dragon’s greedy stare.
The weathered stone was cool to the touch and Castiel laughed under his breath at his own silliness; after years of tracing the paintings, he had mistakenly expected the stone to feel like paper. He let his fingers tangle gently in the verdant ivy that sprawled upwards along the wall as he made his way around the curve of the edifice. A third of the way around he came upon a wooden door; distantly he wondered if he’d need his smaller tools to unlock it, but when he gave an experimental tug the heavy door creaked open without much resistance.
“We know you expected a wedding today,” Castiel began, “For a long time, so did we.” He glanced fondly at Hannah. “What we’ve come to understand from one another is that true love is not limited in its capacity. There is value to be gained from
“We’ve spoken to the High Priestess,” he summarized, “and decided that marriage would be in neither of our best interests. The Unity Ceremony will occur as planned, but Hannah will be free to marry someone of her choosing, at her convenience. As will I.”
By the end of the second week, Castiel was entirely fed up with Dean’s childish antics. Sam had wisely refrained from commenting (or else he’d been explicitly told not to) on Dean’s strange behavior, but when a coffee mug shattered on the kitchen floor following Castiel’s arrival in the kitchen, even he couldn’t keep the exasperated irritation off his face.
"No worries, man," Dean reassured him, looking around for the clipboard of orders that needed filling. He grimaced at the sheet—Gabriel's absence would certainly be felt today. Maybe he'd see if Kevin could come by for a few hours. "There anything important I need to know, besides the orders I've got here?"
“Well,” he hedged finally, still looking a little unsure, “that’s good news then, I suppose. You...are really not in love with each other?”
"Yeah, get out of here," Dean said, setting his things on the ground, "Wait—“ Kevin turned back, quizzical. "Take the pastries leftover from lunch. You guys always look like walking corpses during exams."
He wondered vaguely if the atmosphere of this place was purposefully crafted or entirely coincidental.
A few minutes later found his jaw aching from keeping the chattering at bay, and his fingers felt numb and slow to respond. He set the binoculars in his lap to blow warm air across his fingers briefly.
“Sam and me, we’re so bad at remembering to care about anyone who isn’t in our immediate vicinity, maybe because it’s so unusual for us to have constants in our lives. But you’re a constant now Cas, just like Jody, and Bobby, and Claire.” Dean paused for breath but didn’t feel brave enough to meet Castiel’s gaze. He gulped and went rambling on.
He nudged the saucer closer to the cat with his foot. Its ears pricked up slightly at the sound of ceramic scraping against concrete, but otherwise, it did not react.
Dean looked over his shoulder for Sam’s reply, spatula in hand. Sam shook his gaze away from his book momentarily.
“I told you not to move,” Dean reminded him, voice soft but reprimanding, “Most of the places we’ll hit incorporate laser grids and motion sensors into their security systems. That flinch could have blown the job.”
With a sigh, Castiel gathered the various kitchen wares he and Dean had dirtied and brought them to the wash basin in the corner. After a quick pause to sweep stray flour from the countertop he filled the sink and began scrubbing as quickly as he dared. The head chef disapproved of his very presence in the kitchens; Castiel feared for the health of her heart should she catch him washing dishes. Still, he didn’t want some poor kitchen worker to be scolded if he left a mess.
“So,” he said, standing straight again and turning to the real Hannah, “How exactly does this work?”
“Going once,” Crowley warned, but no one was willing to bid higher on a disobedient omega, no matter how gorgeous he was. “Going twice…” Crowley cast one more look around the room before bringing his gavel down firmly on the podium. “Sold, for five thousand dollars.”
Although her thin nightclothes obscured his vision, the slope of her chest as it rose and fell with her breathing did not escape him. It was easy to imagine someone like him wanting to wrap her in their arms and smooth their fingers over her hair and down her back, gripping indulgently at her soft curves.
Feeling proud of his kingdom’s bounty, Castiel crept quietly as close as he dared, keeping himself concealed behind the trunk of a mighty oak tree.
Dangerous of him to demand something of his owner, he knew. It was part of the reason he’d been sent back to the auction house time and again, one owner after another unwilling—and unable—to mold him into a pliant, submissive omega that just took whatever was dished out.
At Dean's encouragement, Simba hopped up into his lap, cooing cheerfully and shifting his weight until he found the right spot to settle down. From this angle, he always reminded Dean of a loaf of bread. If loaves of bread were more orange-y and had tails, anyway.
a wedding would require less effort than planning one) for the Unity Ceremony. On the rare occasions that Hannah had left his side, Dean had usually gone with her, resulting in the maddening contradiction that Dean’s presence always coincided with an utter lack of freedom on Castiel’s part to take advantage of it.
Castiel started at the sudden, derisive gibe, dragging his eyes regretfully away to see Michael standing next to him, watching with a sneer. For a moment Castiel glared, thinking Michael was finally addressing him, but then Michael moved to stand at the edge of the bed, speaking lowly to Castiel’s clone instead. Dean seemed unable to hear him.
Dean Winchester lifted a champagne flute from the tray of a passing waiter and watched the other occupants chatter amongst themselves. Body language ranged from threatening remorselessness to gleeful lechery, but none seemed at all perturbed about the motivations for this particular gathering. They may as well have been attending an art auction or a political gala, for all their hesitation.
Dean shrugged easily. “Once,” he said, turning to fetch a cloth and pulling their pastries out of the fire, “It was not meant to be.”
There was a bite to his words, and Dean suddenly felt like Cas was accusing him of something he didn’t know he’d done. He rolled his eyes and nudged a shoulder against the door, pushing it open and stepping inside as he said: “Listen, if we know what’s wrong Sam and I can try to find something to help you out, so just tell me—what’s—uh…”
Other than the cleanliness, the inside was unremarkable; at present, the circular space was lit only by the light spilling in from narrow windows far above his head, although unlit torches sat in modest sconces along the walls. Curiously, above each torch was a scorch mark, a sign that these torches had not only been lit recently, but were lit often. To his left, a winding staircase began and twisted upwards, curving along with the tower; presumably, that led to Princess Hannah. Just before the first step, the wall dipped sharply outwards to form an alcove, but from his current angle he couldn’t tell whether it housed anything.
Dean shone his flashlight into the space between the dumpsters, wondering if the cat had wandered off for good, and was surprised to find it huddled right there, maybe a foot away from the food. He stepped closer cautiously, but the cat just blinked up at him sleepily.
His horse snuffled at him when he dismounted and Castiel hushed him with a comforting pat before making his way towards the lone building. The forest encircling the clearing was still and quiet in the dappled, late afternoon sunlight, as though even the trees themselves knew the sacred nature of this place.
It occurred to him that he could just keep squeezing. He could squeeze until the life left Dean and then he could take whatever valuables he could find and disappear. He would never have to see Crowley again, would never have to deal with shitty owners, would no longer be bound by a contract, would no longer be property. Maybe he could find his previous owners and choke the life out of them too.
“Besides,” Dean added, winking easily at Castiel over the top of Hannah’s head, “someone should really teach your Prince to use a sword properly.”
. His anger was unmistakably directed at Dean, as evidenced by the way his warm, relaxed features would tense up and become expressionless whenever Dean joined them. For days Sam said nothing, choosing only to roll his eyes at the change in atmosphere. Eventually, however, his patience ran out.
Hannah tore her eyes reluctantly from her current book, blinking at him as she registered his question. She hummed thoughtfully.
Meg yanked the black fabric away from Castiel in one swift motion and Dean made his decision then and there.
“I see,” Castiel said, glancing at the spice shelf where Dean had collected an assortment of jars. “Well, you are more than welcome to anything in our kitchen, of course.”
Castiel studied Dean’s face. His eyes were open and fierce, body shaking beneath Castiel as his orgasm threatened. That edge that danced in green eyes, Castiel recognized it. It was in his own eyes too, he knew, and he yanked his hands off Dean’s neck and fell forward, hands keeping him balanced just above Dean’s shoulders.
The journey from the public temple in the center of town to the castle grounds took the better part of an hour, on average. Despite being well aware of this, Castiel had begun fidgeting impatiently almost as soon as the courier he’d sent to request an audience with the High Priestess had left the room. A quarter of an hour later, an exasperated Hannah had fetched a few of their favorite books from the library and, brooking not a single thread’s worth of room for argument, pressed a book into his hand and Castiel onto a low cushion in front of one of the ornate stained glass windows. She had situated herself on the cushion beside him with a book of her own and there they had stayed for most of their wait.
It took some getting used to, but over the next few weeks, Cas’ wings became a familiar presence. They usually didn’t directly get in the way of anything; most of the time the shadowy outlines fell straight through anything they touched. Despite this, sometimes Cas’ wings would cast shadows over a pot or book, or a stack of loose papers, and Dean would jolt as if to catch the falling object that wasn’t actually falling.
Blessedly, there were soft footsteps from inside the room and the door swung open with a dull creak.
"Why don't you eat?" Dean asked. The cat, of course, did not reply. "Do you really just not like this kind of tuna? What a choosy beggar."
There was no furrow to her brow, no signs of distress or discomfort; she looked utterly at peace. Castiel smiled softly, feeling a little more peaceful himself.
“Dean,” Castiel parroted, obligingly holding the torch out for Dean to light. It flared brightly before settling to a softer glow, enshrouding a small space around them in flickering orange warmth. Dean made a sound of confirmation. He took the torch back from Castiel and together they began their ascent, pausing briefly now and again to light the torches along the wall as they went.
“I know,” Dean said, rifling through his drawers for clothes, “but you didn’t. That tells me I can trust you not to wander off on your own tangents while we’re out and about.” He paused on his way out the door, and his next words were a quiet threat.
“I apologize,” she said between watery giggles a while later, “There was no way to know how long it would be before you woke me.” She pulled away from him, swiping her fingers underneath her eyes to brush away her tears of relief. “It was far more frightening than I had guessed—falling asleep wondering if I would wake the next morning—” A fresh tear spilled down her cheek. “Oh, I’m so happy you’re here. I’m so happy to be awake.”
The cheerfully surprised expression Hannah had worn smoothed into something warm and fond. “Join me,” she said, indicating the space beside her on the chaise longue. “Would you like a cup of tea? I’ve come to find chamomile especially soothing before sleep.”
“No, Cas, that’s not what I—“ Dean paused, scrubbing a hand over his reddening cheeks. “I meant—I’m sorry that he, ya know.” He paused again, this time to swipe his tongue against his lower lip anxiously. “That he, uh. Kissed you.”
“I know,” Castiel said, his brow furrowing once more as he watched the steady rise and fall of Dean’s chest.
“A couple of Jody’s friends were hurt during a run-in with this guy,” Dean answered, keeping his gaze aimed at the bedroom window. “I don’t think they were turned, but Jody asked us to make sure, so Sam is with them at the hospital.”
Castiel nodded, watching another tear spill down over Dean’s freckles. “Help me get him to his room. I’ll have more space there.”
Dean nodded, the tips of his ears still slightly reddened. “Thank you,” he said quietly, shifting his chosen spices into his arms and waiting for Castiel to step aside so that he could pass.
Dean laughed. “Careful, unless you’d like your tongue burned.” He looked up from his own pastry and stared at Castiel for a moment before setting his treat back down with an amused snort. “Your royal highness has a royal speck—” Without finishing the sentence he reached up to swipe a thumb against the corner or Castiel’s mouth, presumably detaching whatever bit of pastry had clung there.
When at last they reached the top of the steps, Dean set his torch in the empty bracket beside an unassuming wooden door. He produced a key from another pouch hidden in the folds of his clothes and inserted it slowly, reverently. The wards clanged dully as the key was turned, and then the door creaked as it was pushed open.
Castiel’s puzzlement must have shown in his expression, because Hannah laughed quietly and turned to face him properly.
Dean smirked at Castiel’s expression; when annoyed, he had a habit of glaring at inanimate objects as though his wrath alone could scare them into apologizing for purposefully wronging him. Last week it had been the espresso machine.
Once back at the pile of his discarded clothes, Dean gave a quick, lazy stretch and smoothed his palms over his skin, ridding iit of excess water. He gave his shaft a gentle squeeze when he reached it—a perfunctory gesture, Castiel knew, but his own engorged piece twitched where it pressed hotly against his thigh nonetheless—before reaching to scoop his trousers from the ground. He bent again, fingering at his tunic this time, but reconsidered. Instead of dressing further, he turned to walk a short way along the water’s edge until he came upon the large tree that grew outwards over the oasis.
Before he could stop himself, Dean had placed a hand against Cas’ jaw and plunged forward, catching Castiel’s pink mouth insistently with his own. He kept himself pressed against Cas until he needed to breathe, and when he pulled away Cas wore an amazed expression. He brought his own hand up to cover Dean’s and leaned into the touch gratefully.
To their left, Sam and Charlie had Alistair and the remaining angel blade wrapped and ready to leave. Sam signaled their departure and tugged Alistair behind him, purposefully swerving so that he scraped and bumped over piles of rubble.
Were he anyone else, if his circumstances did not dictate that his future and the future of his people depended on his successful return, he might be tempted to damn the stories and forge his own path ahead. Only a very select few people were granted divine indication that they’d found their soulmate; for most, there was simply no telling. Some went through many partners in search of their perfect match while others actively remained chaste until they’d decided on a suitor, but in both cases there was no way to be certain.
“It exhibits prophet-like properties. Few know of it and even fewer have used it, but apparently one can use it to see information about a person, event, location, or anything else much the way a prophet would.”
“Don’t do that.” He didn’t look angry, but it was clear that he would not be argued with. Dean’s brow furrowed.
Before he could second-guess himself or lose his nerve or worry about all the ridiculous, unlikely ways a kiss could go wrong, he placed a finger gently under her chin and coaxed her to look at him. Then, slowly, he closed the distance between them until he found the soft swell of her bottom lip with his own, letting his eyes fall shut.
“I watched her kill the angel Ambriel. I thought I was next, but she couldn’t be bothered to waste the time.” Cas’ voice was quieter now, more bitter than angry. “She’s right, anyway,” he continued. “I am…expendable.”
Halfway to the forest a gentle nicker roused him from his musings, but Continental only seemed to be greeting an approaching dog and its master. Castiel inclined his head as the man passed, patting Continental’s neck absently, but before he could return to his thoughts, movement much further down the path drew his eye.
After closing time, the kitchen was full of noise. Between the rumbling of the industrial dishwasher and the sound of rushing water as his staff went about their usual cleaning practices, the selected music du jour couldn't be at anything less than full volume if it were to be heard by anybody. Dean was quite fond of that atmosphere. Cleaning was, of course, an important and necessary albeit not-very-thrilling part of the job; loud music and conversations shouted cheerfully over the din lessened the tedium considerably.
Perplexed, Castiel watched the two warily, wondering if he should step in to diffuse whatever strange tension had suddenly materialized. Dean was Hannah’s guard, was he not? Downstairs, he had spoken of her as though she were someone he cared for, but it would not be the first time Castiel had misunderstood. Perhaps there was a generations-old feud between their families?
The shifter snarled and pushed his mouth against Castiel’s unwilling one, taking his words literally and tearing a new cut into Castiel’s swollen bottom lip. Unpleasant was an understatement; the shifter stank of gore and grime, and despite the sting Castiel pressed his mouth shut tightly against the attack, twisting his neck in an attempt to break the contact.
The question was perfectly innocent; Dean knew nothing of the tumultuous evening Castiel and Hannah had spent together, as far as he was aware. Even so, he felt caught off guard.
“Just place a few pieces in the center—” Dean artfully arranged a few slices of fruit. “—and then fold up the sides, like so.” Each point of the triangle was pulled gently into place atop the fruit.
He let green eyes look their fill, feeling strangely humbled by the open need in Dean’s expression. Dean himself had admitted to his predilection towards coquettish behavior, and while it was indeed flattering to receive such attention, the way Dean looked at him now was somehow
"Thanks, Cassie," Gabriel said, ignoring the irritated huff from the doctor at the name. "I'll keep him with me until his meds are gone and decide what to do from there."
Dry dishes quickly found their homes on the shelves and then Castiel was nearly sprinting away from the kitchens in search of Hannah. He knocked frantically on the door to her bedchamber, already plotting the next few places he might check should she not answer.
Even though Michael was not addressing the real him, Castiel opened his mouth automatically, caustic words on his tongue, but he was interrupted by movement on the bed.
Castiel huffed and returned his blade to its place inside his coat, filing the bittersweet information away to review later. On the one hand, his inability to interact with the Michael manifestation suggested passive magic, which meant the Djinn he and Sam had finished off was well and truly dead. On the other, it meant that Dean was trapped here until he could recognize the hallucination for what it was, thereby dispelling the magic himself.
“Can’t wait any longer,” Dean growled into his ear, biting carelessly up and down the side of his neck. The fine tremor was back again, this time evident in the way his jaw twitched against Castiel’s skin when he bit down.
“It shouldn’t be necessary,” he said, giving the other two what he hoped was a reassuring smile, “but perhaps check on us in an hour or so, just to be safe.”
“Identify yourself,” Castiel commanded, holding the man’s gaze. Neither his voice nor the ornamentation on his clothes that announced his royal status seemed to cow his opponent, however. Much to Castiel’s annoyance, the other man smirked as though he found Castiel amusing.
“You command me, do you?” he spoke at last, voice deep and intimidating, “You are not the first to invoke the royal family of the west. Take your stance, and we’ll see if you are any better trained than the others.”
Castiel peered intently at the commotion around him, eyes chasing after a tendril of Djinn magic that flickered briefly into his line of sight. The bluish thread of light danced elusively, tauntingly, at the very edge of his field of vision, weaving in between a cluster of activity clearly imbibed with poison. Castiel reached out for the small fragments of magic and clung as best he could, willing the tug behind his navel to propel him forward. It felt rather like relying on a few bits of thread to keep him from pitching off the side of a cliff, but eventually, haltingly, he moved.
Forty minutes later he was finally home. By the time he was done showering, the medicine he'd taken immediately upon entering was well on its way to putting him into a deep, allergen-free sleep.
Two months in, he stopped asking Gabriel daily whether he had made progress finding the cat a more permanent home. In hindsight, Dean had gotten used to Simba's company startlingly quickly; it became difficult to imagine watching TV without a ball of warm fluff keeping his toes warm, or brushing his teeth in the morning without Simba's usual stream of commentary.
“I’m just saying,” says Sam. “I think you’d better make some decisions pretty quickly about how you feel and what you’re willing to do about it.”
“Me too,” Cas says quietly, leaning back as well. “I—” He stops, like maybe he doesn’t want to say what he’s about to say. “I pray to him sometimes. Down here.”
“No idea,” he says. His instincts say to grab a gun before he opens the door. He’s trying to get past that. Maybe he shouldn’t be. He’s not sure yet. For now, he swallows the impulse, heads to the door, puts his hand on the handle. Only hesitates for a moment before turning it.
“Let’s go then,” he says. He drains his beer, downs the other shot, slams the glass down on the bar.
One more shot of everybody looking agonized. From here, the confessions are shot in rotating close-ups like the stoner circle on
“Seeing as I’ve been to Heaven and not to college, yeah, I know they’re different.” He laughs at his own joke, taking a little extra pleasure when Cas rolls his eyes. “Look, I’m just saying, it seems like the closest normal-person comparison we’ve got. It’s hard to know if I should think about him like a little kid or a teenager.”
“You want to be normal?” Dean feels his brain finally start to catch up: Cas is trying to be a normal person. Trying to let them be a normal couple. He’s trying really, really hard.
As an angel, Cas could down a line of shots without blinking (as he does most things). As a human, one drink pretty much gets him there. He’s adapted fairly well to Dean’s a-few-beers-before-bed schedule, so it’s not as bad now as it was at first, but there’s still a learning curve. If Dean wants to keep up—and he does, he wants no gap in their levels of relative sobriety—then he’ll need to move a little quicker.
They head down to the check-in desk and when Dean spots the girl behind the counter—thin, dark-haired, probably mid-twenties—he winks at Cas and whispers, “Watch this.”
“All right,” he says through a smile, “okay, save the congrats for when I get the real offer. This is your day. Now get in the truck and let’s take her for a joy ride.” When Cas lets go of him and heads over, Dean tosses him the keys from his pocket, and Cas catches them with surprising proficiency—he may not be an angel anymore, but his strength and coordination are still striking. He just also still looks like the same dorky little guy as always—hell, maybe dorkier—so it always takes Dean by surprise to see him catch things, lift things, throw things.
“I loved you the whole time,” says Cas. “Up to a certain point, everything I did, I did because I thought it was the right thing to do. For you. And almost every time I tried to show you that I loved you, or to fix things, it just made things worse. So forgive me if the fact that you now refuse to reciprocate my attempts at affection makes me…
“Cas,” Sam says, folding his hands on the table. “You know this is all falsified, right? It’s only real, like, in spirit. So you can get hired to do something you’re actually good at.”
The next night, stopping through a rural town in Oklahoma and still feeling restless from the visit to Sam, Dean is itching to get out of the motel room.
He hasn’t been thinking about it like that: a relationship. Cas is right, obviously. They’re spending every waking hour together, going on what might be considered dates, kissing, now having sex more than once. It had rarely occurred to Dean before this that you
After—and after they’ve cleaned up, and after Dean has reminded Cas to hang up his suit—Cas snuggles back up against Dean in bed.
“You do.” Sam pushes off the car, moves toward Dean, a reassuring hand falling on his shoulder. Dean rolls his eyes. “It’s here.”
“I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry I treated you like that. And I’m sorry I didn’t say it back when you—I should have told you while you were here. I need you, okay? I need you. You know, Sam’s good, he has Eileen, and it’s good for him. I’m happy for him. But I’m starting to realize that I’m too fucked up for that kind of happiness. Fucked up for good. And the fact that I made you—” He’s crying now, fully crying. “The fact that you went away because I made you happy is fucking me up, man. It fucks with me. I didn’t make you happy. I made you fucking… suicidal. Nobody who loves me is allowed to be happy. I can’t be happy. Everyone I’ve ever loved but Sam has fucked off or died. Guess you did both. A few times each. But you always came back. Even when I didn’t deserve it. And I definitely don’t deserve it now. But please, please come back again. I know you’re not there, but I’m calling, Cas. Please.”
The camera pulls away to show all three again. Castiel stands up abruptly and hurries out of the room. A beat.
“Yeah,” Dean says. He doesn’t pull away either. When he moves his mouth to speak, every word is almost a kiss but not quite, their lips brushing together. “For the second time. Since then.” His hand relaxes enough to drag his fingers in a small circle on Cas’s back.
“You know I’m headed back to Lawrence for now,” Dean says, stuffing a shirt in his bag after doing an insufficient job folding it. “That’s the deal with Sam.”
“I’d think it’s obvious,” Cas mutters with a tinge of bitchiness that Dean is too confused by to be properly irritated or entertained.
He probably shouldn’t leave Cas in there alone, but whatever, Cas knows these folks, he can deal with it. Dean needs a second, needs to be as far away as physically possible from Gregory and his stupid laugh.
Nothing. Seems like it breaks upon, you know, combustion, at least. I'll have to call Rowena too and ask if she knows anything.
“We love having you, Dean,” Eileen says. “And you too, Cas. Be safe. Let us know if you need anything.”
“I’m probably too old, though,” he says. He should have gone with Charlie when he had the chance. But what chance? There was never time.
“You stay in the car,” Dean says when they’re almost to Sam’s. “It’s gonna take him a second to get caught up, and I don’t want him trying to take you out.”
“Good,” Dean says. He takes Cas’s hands and lifts him to his feet. Smiles as he places his hands on Cas’s hips. “It was good.”
He pulls away just enough to tap their foreheads together, brings up a hand to touch Cas’s face. Rubs his thumb along Cas’s cheek.
“We know each other, Dean.” Sam is still, calm, standing his ground. “Look, I know all of that, and I appreciate it. But you really think I spent, like, every waking moment of the past sixteen years with you and still don’t know you?”
Cas comes back with some ice in a Ziploc bag; Dean thanks himself silently for giving Cas his work lunch sandwiches in Ziploc bags all week, because before that, Cas definitely didn’t know they existed, much less what drawer they would be in. He presses it to Dean’s shoulder, so careful. Dean brushes his fingers over Cas’s forearm, a silent
“He suggested you might take some notes from his performance. He thinks you might be interested in becoming a drag queen. Well—not right now. But if you
WHAT'S UP FOLKS!! sorry for the delay on this one—holidays, finals, etc etc. but i'm back in business and we have officially reached Domestic Sitcom Territory. can't wait. ALSO BE WARNED..... THERE IS ANOTHER SEX SCENE. if u actually know me i would like to apologize. ANYWAYS: ONWARD INTO SEASON 16
Cas softens, bringing a hand up to rub his thumb over Dean’s jaw. Dean can tell he still doesn’t fully get what Dean is going for, but that doesn’t matter. What matters is saying it, and having Cas understand that he’s having a moment here. That he’s digging some stuff up.
He must look ridiculous, trying to spit out words that aren’t coming, looking at Cas, every part of Cas, still trying to understand fully that he’s here. Cas places a gentle hand on his knee.
“Dean,” says Cas, eyes narrowing, face contorting slowly into the expression that Dean knows best out of all of Cas’s expressions. “You’re not exempt from people being gay. We’re together.”
“Oh, it’s the mallrats,” Dean says when Cas and Eileen stumble in, both laughing, each carrying several bags.
Pan from Dean putting on his pajamas to a few pictures on his desk - the one of him and Mary, one of him and Sam, one of Cas in the cowboy hat. Slightly ominous slow zoom on the one of Cas.
“Yes,” says Cas, looking equal parts exasperated and fond. “He went to every individual Heaven to explain the planned changes before they were implemented.”
Dean squeezes his fingers around the neck of the beer bottle. For a second he pictures himself throwing it at Sam’s head. Doesn’t.
“What about you?” he says, easing back out of his head and into the conversation, trying to wipe Jack from his thoughts again. “What have you been up to?”
In the waiting room of the emergency room, Cas holds the hand attached to Dean’s injured arm, stroking at it absentmindedly with his thumb. Eventually, he leans over, conspiratorial, right into Dean’s ear. He whispers, “Good thing we have health insurance.”
Dean rolls his eyes. When John D gets back Dean gives him a glare. John D winks, putting down the rum and Coke and two unordered shots.
He kisses Cas again, and Cas starts to relax. Then, suddenly, Cas has hooked an arm around him, is rolling the both of them over so Cas is on top. Dean wants to crack a joke about angel strength but he’s too turned on. Cas is kissing down his neck, his chest, still trying to unbutton Dean’s button. Finally he manages it, with a triumphant little hum, and tugs them down slightly below Dean’s hips, kissing his hipbone.
“Is it too much?” he says. “I just thought it would be nice to have. I’m sorry if it brings up bad memories.”
Dean slumps down against the headboard with the final realization that he’s not getting out of this. “Okay, Dr. Ruth, where’d you get that one? Sam? You been talking to Sam about this?”
Cas turns on his heel before Dean knows it, and Dean suddenly remembers, right, yeah, public place. Which he himself was being weird about not two minutes ago. Maybe the distraction is a good sign, a sign that he’s getting over whatever stupid hang-ups he has—but then again, he definitely shouldn’t be tempted to suck Cas’s dick in the office bathroom right now. There’s a fine line.
Dean opens his mouth, closes it. “Look,” he says. “Thank you for checking in. Really. I like what we’ve got going on—I like it a lot. A lot. And, you know, if you ever want to do things the other way, I’m good with that. Maybe I’ll wanna get back to it at some point. But for now I want to keep—you know—"
Right as Cas opens his mouth to speak, a figure appears behind him. Dean jumps to his feet, grabbing the machete again.
The rest of the summer moves by fast, like an 80s movie montage with a punchy soundtrack (thanks to Dean’s excellent music curation skills and some luck with radio stations). There’s more sex and a lot of it—in motel rooms, public bathrooms, alleys behind bars, the Impala. For the most part they’re doing it at least once a day, sometimes twice, occasionally more. Dean had a lot of sex before, but this is kind of insane. Cas doesn’t ever seem to get tired of it. It’s like his hunger for food got replaced with an insatiable appetite for sex. And, though Dean is reluctant to admit it, it’s some of the best sex he’s ever had. Cas’s enthusiasm and willingness to try new things overcomes any lack of experience.
Castiel doesn't move, but he looks away for a moment. He'd like to say he can't believe it but he can.
“Nonprofits, helping people,” Dean scoffs before he can stop himself, and then tries to cover up with, “yes, they certainly do. Help people. Nonprofits.” Nobody notices, and if they do, thankfully, they’re ignoring him. He takes another sip of water to avoid having anything else unduly rude come out of his mouth.
“I think it should be nice,” Cas says, crossing his legs at the ankle, still looking pleased. “The Bunker wasn’t unlike a house, so I do have a frame of reference.”
“Yeah.” Dean clears his throat, still has no idea what to say. “I, uh, I was one of those one time. Got cured. Sucks for him.”
“I’ve recently made some changes,” says Cas, smiling his small smile again. It looks like an attempt at something. An apology, maybe.
Apparently he was on the phone with his ex-girlfriend this afternoon, and then, like, immediately after he hung up, kaboom. Incinerated.
“Just in case,” Dean says, slapping paint haphazardly over the sigils, and Cas looks at him so fondly and intensely, all covered in paint, that Dean’s suddenly afraid he can read his mind—again—and also that he can’t.
It’s so sly and offhanded that Dean almost asks what they were talking about, but he knows Cas won’t tell him even if he does. Instead, he says, “You know sign language that well?”
“I just—” he starts, but the whole thing feels stupid now. Futile. He scratches the back of his head. “Home Depot?”
“Because that’s what normal people do.” Cas looks a little frustrated, a little embarrassed, a little hopeful.
“Zachariah had some choice words,” he says. “Raphael. Ishim.” He stares down at the bed, dejected. “Rachel. Uriel.”
,” Cas says, and he doesn’t have to finish the sentence. A silence. Then Cas says, “If you ever felt differently than that, you had years to tell me. You never did. I returned to Earth on a hope.”
“That makes two of us,” says Dean. “We’ll figure something out. For now—well, for now maybe you can just borrow some of my clothes.” He winces as he says it, then tries to cover up the wince so Cas doesn’t see. Sharing clothes? Jesus. He stands and walks back towards the coffee maker. Turns halfway and points back at Cas. “But we’re at least gettin’ you your own underwear.”
“Like, being sick?” Dean says, concern mounting in the back of his head. “What are you talking about?”
The bedroom, at least, is a habitable space that looks like someone lives in it. He brought most of his stuff from the bunker over: the bed and mattress (memory foam), the quilt, the dresser, the desk. The record player and all his records, a few posters on the walls. He already ripped up the carpet, just in here, so he knows there are genuinely nice hardwood floors underneath, and he can’t wait to refinish them after all is said and done. The attached bathroom has new tiles, a new tub, new counters. All in all he’s pretty proud of the work he’s done so far. He just dreads having to do the rest of the house.
There’s one bag that Cas saves for last. “Wait here,” he says, and he hops up with the bag, carrying it into the bedroom.
“Yes sir,” Dean says, jamming his hands in his pockets, not sure if he should be laughing or nervous about what this guy senses between them.
Well, what about others? Any chance any of the girls you've ever hooked up with caught long-term, unresolved feelings?
“I’d like that too,” says Cas, moving forward slightly. Dean leans in and pauses. Cas does the same. Then they do it at the same time, which results in a kiss, slow and sleepy.
Dean climbs into bed and leans against the headboard, turns his head to look at Cas, who’s still smiling benignly at him. It’s almost exactly like every night since they started sharing a bed on the road, except now it’s permanent. And the bed is a lot nicer.
“Good things do happen. Good things do happen. We happened. You happened to me, Dean. You are the best thing—the
“Pity,” says the guy. “All these geezers have been here for years. We could use a couple new faces.”
“Before what?” Cas says, colder and calmer than ever. “Before we were together? Before we were intimate with each other? Before I came back to Earth? Before we—before we became close, before we met, before I raised you from hell? What, Dean?”
“I’m gonna take a shower,” Dean says, but when he tries to stand, he can’t. His back hurts too much. “Fuck,” he hisses, doubling over. For a few minutes he’d forgotten about it. Cas looks mortified.
“Oh,” he says, stepping inside the house. “Never got around to watching it. But you look—” He mentally kicks himself. “Great costume.”
Then they’re back at the house, slumped on the couch, Dean’s head in Cas’s lap as Cas runs a hand through his hair. It’s nice. Dean is still surprised they can fall into positions like this unthinkingly—that he doesn’t seize up every time Cas touches him with genuine tenderness, that he allows himself to be cared for. That Cas wants to care for him.
God, this sounds so crazy. I sound like such a gold digger. But, like, Brad and I used to date, right? We were together for five years. And I dumped him last year because I couldn't see myself marrying him. And then I met Trent, my fiancé, and my family loves him, and he got me this amazing apartment, and this incredible ring -
Dean gets ready for bed. He reaches into his pants pocket, pulls out his phone, his wallet. Feels around. Doesn't find the penny. He shrugs.
“What? No,” Dean says, reaching over to grab Cas’s hand. “One: That was hilarious. Wigged me out a little at first, but still. I probably set a bad example, you know, talking about all my exploits over the years, making you think sex was dinner table talk. Not so. Anyway, you live and you learn.”
When Cas comes out of the bathroom, clothed but hair still wet, Dean says, “Stopping by Sam’s this weekend.”
Next up is the boss, Bridget, who Cas introduces with some fancy title that Dean doesn’t quite register. She looks kind of stone-cold—sharp features, hair pulled back—but seems nice enough. After a little small talk, she drops the bombshell that makes Dean think he probably should have just left Cas’s lunch at the front desk.
“I think Sam would be delighted,” Cas says, narrowing his eyes and tilting his head just a little. Dean feels a little weak in the knees, as always, even though he’s sitting.
“Well,” Ren says after a long pause, rolling their head from side to side in a show of thoughtfulness, “next summer, you and me, road trip to Comic-Con. Cas is invited. And Claire too, if she wants.” They kick Dean’s foot lightly. “If you can fit us all in that ancient car.”
Then he realizes he has no idea when Cas talked to Sam about any of this. He really needs to pay more attention.
“All right, all right,” Dean says, grabbing Cas by the arm. “Get your little drink and come back out here.”
After dinner they head into the living room again—no beers this time because Dean’s not supposed to drink on his meds, even though he assured Sam and Eileen he wouldn’t be too jealous if they cracked a couple open for themselves—and it’s starting to feel like a tradition: all four of them, huddled up in their respective chairs and couches, just shooting the breeze.
When Sam arrives at the hospital he’s inconsolable. Cas stays a few minutes to make sure it won’t overwhelm Dean, then leaves the room without drawing much attention to himself.
“You need one of these.” Ana grabbed a weighted blanket, “Makes you feel snuggled with when you don’t have a partner in bed with you.”
“Just got to do the burgers, but I wanted to wait until you guys were nearly home since they cook quickly.” Dean said. They had one of the fancy ranges with the grill on them, so Dean plopped the three burgers on since he knew Cain would be home soon.
Dean scoffed, but Missouri just raised a brow, “It al-always is!” He growled, “A-Alphas al-always w-want some-something I-I-I can’t g-give. Be in-invisible. D-don’t talk. I d-demand t-too much of ‘em.”
“Well hot damn.” Colette walked into the garage, cat calling as she did, “She looks beautiful Dean.” Dean blushed, his insides flipping over. She wrapped one arm around his shoulder and kissed his cheek, “Your best work yet.”
“Because—because—” Dean huffed, flopping back in his chair, “Because I was lying to you and was going to blissfully deny my biology and hope I just don’t have a heat.”
“Yeah. I had to bring Garth in, sliced up his hand. I had to drop him off. I wanted to say hello since I’ve been out of touch the past week or so.”
“Ana lived with us for a while.” Jody told Dean, “Helped her get on her feet, and now she comes back around to annoy us.”
“Just a few!” Ana waved her off, opening her phone quickly to a picture of a 1957 Jaguar XKSS. There were only 16 of them in the world. Dean couldn’t help but reach out.
“Want something to eat?” Colette asked, “We made dinner.” Dean nodded, smiling a bit. Colette squeezed him tight, “Ok.”
Dean got to the garage early the next day. Castiel wouldn’t be there for a bit, but that made it easier to set everything up. It was Sunday, so the garage was empty. Bobby had kept the garage on on-call only on Sundays. Not that Bobby was particularly religious, he just liked having a built-in day without having to deal with ‘idjits’. Dean was fine with that. Though it didn’t occur to him until he got to the garage that Castiel and Dean would be by themselves. He thought about calling Colette, but he didn’t want to make it a big deal. He trusted Castiel—probably. Hopefully.
“Dean?” Colette poked her head out the door. Her head was damp, but she was wrapped in a new sweater, “Fuck it’s cold. Breakfast is ready.” Dean nodded, following her back into the house.
“Little over three years.” Castiel answered, grabbing more of the charcuterie. He pushed the tray a bit closer to Dean so he could reach it.
“He’s a-a-a-a n-ninja.” Dean complained as Cain wrapped his arm around Dean’s shoulders, tucking his head on top of Dean’s. Colette kept giggling.
Charlie’s squealed even louder this time, pushing over Cas to hug Dean. Panic surged through his system; it freaked Dean out to have her so close. He reached out to grab Cas’s arm, resisting the urge to throw Charlie off of him. Charlie let go as quickly as she attacked, sitting back down before she noticed Dean’s anxiety.
“Dean! We got food!” Sam cried out excitedly as soon as he slid the door open. There were a few bags, “He went to
“I am glad you made friends with Gabe and Ana—for the desserts alone—but it’s good to have friends.”
to play, even if his heart broke every time the baseball coach asked. Dad would still get mad if he tried to decorate, so he just made the decorations easy to hide. It wasn’t as if it was ever a secret when his Dad was coming home—he was too loud arriving in the driveway. Sometimes Dad was gone a few days, but those were the best weeks in Dean’s opinion. It was easy to breathe when he wasn’t around. Sammy took to school like a fish to water. Even though Dean helped him a bunch in the beginning, it got easier as the years went on.
All the irrational questions that plagued Dean’s mind all last night, this morning, and in the waiting room suddenly vanished, “Don’t think so.”
“It doesn’t stop you from having them, however. Many patriarchal bull shit alphas point to those studies and say an omega could have shut down their estrus if they truly ‘didn’t want it.’ It’s all nonsense, obviously.”
“Castiel?” Billie called out. Dean heard him answer as he walked back into the room, “First question is birth control.”
“Just nudge me if you change your mind. Or if you’re more comfortable asking just Billie—” Dean was already shaking his head.
It was curling deep in his soul in a spot that Dean forgot he had long ago. It was the first sign of spring after being in a lifetime of cold. Dean thought of the image of the first time Father Christmas came in Narnia—this must have been what it felt like if it had been real. The first sign that the forever winter was over. Cain gripped his shoulder, anchoring Dean to reality.
panicked. Dean was terrified. He started shaking, his vision was weird and he felt like he was away from his body. Everything seemed like too much before he blacked out.
“Oh! You’ll need absorbent towels too. Helps mop up everything.” Gabe waved around as he through a box of towels into Dean’s basket, “Cum. Slick. All of it. And you need electrolyte packets—I like these myself. Helps with the pain and cramping too that sometimes happens.” Gabe said, picking them up off the shelf as well as protein bars, “Need to be prepared for snacks too.”
Dean wasn’t surprised that no one really said anything when he came back to Bobby’s garage. Bobby wasn’t there for some reason, but it looked like Garth had a handle on everything. Garth was the exception to the silence, giving him a hug and hoping that he felt better. The other’s just nodded—but Dean knew his coffee would be topped off without asking. And a massive sub found its way to his bench without prompting.
“My family grew up around here, so my parents weren’t very accepting—shit, I didn’t really make it any easier. But there are videos online—he did one too—called It Gets Better. It’s a bunch of YouTube videos where people like you tell their story—about how it gets better.” Dean stared out the window refusing to acknowledge the burning of his eyes and his throat. He just wanted to keep from crying if it was the last thing he did. Dean pointed at the house that was his, not sure if he was glad to get out of the car or not.
Dean slouched in his chair. He considered himself rather lucky that at least his heats weren’t too bad. He got them occasionally when Sam was his alpha—but they were always light and lasted only three days. Omegas without a partner to satiate their heat needed to be in their nest and keeping their alpha’s scent close. It wasn’t a sexual thing, but one for comfort and rest. Other members of the pack’s scent were also important. Colette had her heat a few weeks ago and had stolen two of Dean’s flannel shirts. She also snuggled with him between flair ups, wanting to be close to her other pack member.
It was a bit chilly outside and he could smell the pine trees. He took a deep breath, willing himself to calm down. His first breath was shaky, he couldn’t get a deep enough breath. He let it out slowly, his breath visible in the slight chill. It took a while since his chest was still too tight around his lungs but it was still faster than he expected. It was proof that his body was already adjusting to an alpha, because he already felt like his breaths were deeper than what they had been in years. He hated that it was this quick. This
“I know, I just had to tell you.” She pressed a kiss to his cheek, holding him close as they walked into the house, “Honey! I’m home!” She shouted. The house smelled
“It is. But it will get better Dean. This part sucks, for sure. I won’t try to pretend I understand. If you want, I can have my brother reach out next week?”
“Hey.” His voice was thick with sleep. Sam closed the door, pushing up old blankets against the door.
“Y-yes.” Dean stuttered, pulling back the blanket a bit. He still kept it snuggled up under his nose to smell, but he looked at the doctor. Bobby was looking down on the ground, the tops of his cheeks a bit red.
Before Dean had a moment to protest, she hung up on him. Typical. He let his hand flop over as he laid in bed, his whole body ached and he felt like he had just lost something. He took a deep breath, trying to remind himself that he was
.” The next blow Dean saw coming. He tried to back away, but his father yanked him up and shoved him to the ground. He slid back, knocking his head against the wall. It was silent for a moment, with the exception of Sammy’s cries.
They kept talking through things. Dean felt like his mouth was dry from talking so much. They moved to the couch on the back porch, where Missouri went through his physiology. They talked extensively on how his body would continue to acclimate. They talked about even though, in Dean’s opinion, omega’s needing a bond was stupid—why it was evolutionary relevant. It didn’t make it less annoying, but Dean understood why it was happening. And even just knowing why his body was doing it was helpful. Packs were safer. Especially for an omega. The body rewarding the decision was built in so that the omega would feel safe in a pack automatically.
“S-Sam.” Dean stated, feeling anxiety ripple through him even as he said the name. He had barely spoken about him since he left. He threw a home fry in his mouth, but it didn’t taste like it should after saying Sam’s name.
Dean huffed, putting his head between his knees. He put his hands over top of his head, wishing the floor would swallow him up. This was
“L-last night. T-told me b-bout his p-past.” Dean looked down at the mark on his arm, already starting to heal. There was ointment on it that someone must have put on while he was sleeping, “N-never h-ad an a-a-a-alpha bite-bite me tw-twice.”
was sitting at the same table as him, “Your majesty.” He said with a wink, bowing as much as he could while seated.
more than your fathers.” The doctor explained, “Omega’s biology requires an alpha/omega bond, we’re not quite sure why. But I don’t deal with politics, I look at science, and you need a bond.”
He only met Missouri once, but he knew this was one of the times that she would beat him over the head if he didn’t ask for help. Dean didn’t really want to talk to her—she would probably try to push him to do something he didn’t want to do. But he knew Pam would be better. She had reached out to Dean.
Castiel smiled, his body relaxing a bit, “You’re Dean.” Dean nodded, “I have heard so much about you. Ana won’t shut up about you.” Dean blushed.
The sound of his alpha’s voice immediately had an impact. He could feel some of the tension leaving his body. He was
“James Bond.” Cain said, groaning when he opened the box. He grabbed a pastry and settled back on the couch, putting his feet up, “What is it?” He asked. Dean was staring at the box.
“I’ve been doing some research, and I think I can get this room to be sealed off so your smell doesn’t go through the rest of the house.” Sam said, plopping down on the ground next to Dean’s mattress. He pulled out a book from his book bag, definitely a book from the high-school library, and started talking to Dean about all the ways they could make sure their room was protected.
“Colette? You’re here!” A woman with long dark hair bounced around the corner. Her scent was warm and spicy.
“T-two y-years.” He managed to stutter, staring at the tile floor between his legs. Colette squeezed him tight, putting her chin on his shoulder. The omega’s scent was calm, flowery. Dean took a deep breath, willing himself to calm down, “I-I-I can go.”
with need. He let out a short breath, willing himself the courage to start again. He took a deep breath and pushed the ‘on’ button again, hitting the lower setting quickly. The gentle vibration was much less jarring and Dean couldn’t help but let out a low moan. He gripped his cock with his left hand, easily sliding up and down. He planted his feet, moving his right hand down between his legs. The toy slid in and out as Dean whined, his cock growing harder in his hand. He tried to be easy, but his body was demanding more. His hips pushed up into the air, the friction on his cock not enough. He switched so his right hand was on his cock, left between his legs. He fumbled a bit, but moaned at the extra finesse around his cock.
Dean hummed quietly. He reached down again, expanding the knot as big as he dared. He purred in delight, gripping the knot as hard as he could. It felt
“G-got some p-parts already that could help.” Dean said, “I can m-make concepts. Send you over s-some ideas?”
Dean sat up a bit, adjusting so that he was kneeling on the bed. It was a bit more difficult to reach the controls, but he managed. He clicked on the knot, starting to feel it swell at the base. Immediately, the omega within him started to swoon. He fell forward onto his left hand, groaning.
“His name is Billie Paterson—you can YouTube it. It’s got almost a million views.” Paterson said proudly as he put the car in park, “My family got over it. He lives in LA now, but he comes back for holidays and stuff. My parents visit him too—I’m going to go see him fall break.”
“I do not accept those terms.” Gabriel said haughtily. He opened the door in a grand gesture, waving the two inside. Dean was not prepared for how it looked on the inside. It felt more like a hippy coffee shop than a sex shop. There were plants everywhere with natural shelves that stocked product. There were little signs next to product on how it worked, or how it should be applied. But there was also a big sign behind the check out that said in script
He loved Missouri, but her voice sounded like it was underwater. Her scent was comforting, so he curled up close. Her finger ran through his hair, and he felt a bit like a pup. Jody came back in after a while and tried to get him to eat. He managed a spoonful before he fell back asleep. The smell of pine filled his nose from a new blanket that was added to the mix, he liked that one the best so far. The cooling scent felt like balm. It allowed him to eat a bit more, Missouri encouraged him.
“He—Cain—” The words stuck in his throat. He glared at the tree line in front of him like it was its fault that words struggled to come out. Bobby was patient, as per usual, just content to sit and wait until Dean could say what he needed, “S’weird.”
he could handle dinner that night. Cain came in and sat next time him, rubbing his back once he did. Dean took in his cedar and whiskey scent, letting it curl up inside him as his omega recognized the comfort of his alpha. Something inside Dean relaxed even more, making it that much easier to enjoy dinner.
They sat in a booth by a window, discussing cars as they ate. It was safer territory, as Dean was a bit wary to ask about Castiel’s pack. He seemed very protective over them—for obvious reasons.
Cain wrapped his arm around Dean, “I haven’t seen you in weeks.” He rubbed his head on Dean’s, making sure his scent was everywhere.
“Es-es-especially wh-when the-there’s p-p-pie.” Dean managed to say, making everyone laugh. Colette rubbed his shoulders a bit, smiling herself.
.” He hissed, closing his eyes. He reached down again, wrapping his hand around his already slick cock. He couldn’t help rubbing himself a few times, groaning as he did so. His entire body ached.
fuckin’ better than what my mother did to me. She didn’t like that I was an omega—a sin against God or something.” Gabriel huffed, “I left as Castiel was growing up—thought he would be fine without me.” The door opened again, Castiel slipped in and also sat down on the floor. Dean took a deep breath, trying not to shake. The smell of pine helped loosen his jaw as he stared at the floor.
“Why don’t you get cleaned up first as dinner gets ready?” Colette said, “I’ll help you clean up.” Dean must have looked horrified, “I give baths at work, I do it all the time. You’re too weak to do this by yourself. And I think you’d rather be clean.” He did feel gross, but he whimpered in distress, “Come on. If you can get through it on your own, I’ll leave you to it.”
“How bad?” Bobby and Dean had come up with a number system since Dean struggled to talk about his emotions. He struggled to talk at all, but the number system helped.
“Ra-a-a-ad. N-ew d-ude.” Another guy walked in with a mullet. Dean was pleased that he wasn’t the only male omega.  The doorbell chime made Dean jump.
. He wanted his room, with ornaments that weren’t broken. With Sammy and his smells. Their posters. Their books.
“Word has got out, I am afraid.” She said with a laugh, “I was telling Ana about this car, how it was almost done. I showed her pictures and she asked who was helping you, since she knew Cain wasn’t doing the work.”
When Dean walked through the door, he didn’t think he saw the signs of the disaster coming. He plopped the bag full of cartons of left overs on the island, “Sammy!” He called out, though the kid probably wasn’t home yet. His basketball practice would have only gotten out fifteen minutes previously. And while the school was an 8-minute walk, Sam took at least twice that to fix his hair before leaving the gym.
“Come on, Alpha. Not trying to take Dean away from you. Let’s go to bed.” She moved to the other side of Cain to help push him foreword. Cain scented the air, immediately licking the mating mark on Colette’s neck, “Oh for heaven’s sake, Alpha. Come on you big lug.” Dean was comforted that even in Cain’s more instinctual state, he still seemed to know the difference between Colette and Dean. They made slow progress moving back to their bedroom, mostly due to Cain being a ‘snuggle monster’ and Dean’s inability to keep from laughing. By the time they got Cain to his bed, Dean’s stomach hurt from laughing so hard and trying to keep quiet.
Billie tilted her head a bit, “Given your history, that is not unusual, but I don’t want to dismiss it out of hand. I’ll sign to get your bloodwork done after your next three heats, that way we can see your hormone levels. If we see anything crazy, we will let you know. I am inclined to believe that you have never had a normal heat, so it might just be what you were always supposed to have as a healthy omega.” She took a breath, “And I appreciate you letting me know.”
“Dean, I apologize. I know my scent can put people on edge when I’m angry—scaring you only added to it. I should not have come.” His button down was soaked through, Dean could see the outline of his undershirt.
Finally, when he was able to loosen up a bit, it was Colette who suggested Dean lie on the couch. Dean would have thought it weird before when he laid his head Cain’s lap, but at the moment he couldn’t muscle up the energy to care. Colette sat by his feet, their scents still close by. With Cain running his fingers through Dean’s hair, Dean was asleep as soon as he was perpendicular.
them.” Cain shook his head, “I know I don’t talk about my past too much—but I ought to tell you so you can understand me better.” Cain looked over at Dean and Dean nodded. He was holding his breath, not sure what he was about to learn. He was deathly curious, but never had the courage to ask Cain about his past.
.” Dean begged, “I’ll be good, I swear. I swear it.” Dean cried into his hands, tucking in on himself.
Mr. Paterson chuckled, “I know, we’re almost there.” They huffed the last few yards into the nurse’s room, “Cindy?” Paterson called out as he eased Dean into one of the nurse’s chairs. The nurse popped up from her office in the back, “Dean is in heat.”
“That’s ok. L-Larry is a b-bit of a dick.” Dean said, waving to the tow truck driver, “But he is definitely the best tow truck driver in town. Don’t want this baby g-getting anymore s-scratches.”
“You makin’ eyes at my girlfriend?” Meg said with a smirk, “We would definitely be willing to share you.” She winked at Dean.
“Changes of clothes, stuff to deal with stains. You’re a nurse, you must understand this.” Castiel said.
Dean got in the Imapala and took a deep breath. His emotions were still coming down, he couldn’t quite believe he finally told someone other than Bobby what had happened. It felt like knives coming out, but he did feel a bit lighter already. He drove back home carefully, as it was dusk and animals were on the road. But it didn’t take long before he was pulling into Cain’s—or perhaps
“Yes.” She smiled, she swiped her phone again to reveal another car, “And an Alfa Romeo 33 Stradale.”
“Wh-what if she tells me I can’t have pups? What if she says I’m the worst omega she’s seen?” Dean was already shaking his head. He could already hear it. Already hear the conclusion he already
It was seconds before Colette fell dead asleep. Dean figured it was a nursing technique to be able to fall asleep at a moment’s notice. Dean still felt too stiff. It was weird to be in bed with pack—right? He was being too much. Cain might wake up and wonder why he was in bed. Did other packs do this? He saw this on TV sometimes—but that didn’t make it real life. He should ask Missouri if this was part of his treatment or not.
He managed to get himself out of the tub, dried his body off himself as Colette towel tried his hair like he was a pup. She brought him a set of his own clean boxer briefs, sweatpants and a shirt of Cain’s.
Something was draped over his head. It made him feel better instantly—it was their blanket from their room. Sam snuggled up closer to Dean.
“Cain, I thought you were more of a Talking Heads type of man.” The voice was deep, one that Dean didn’t recognize. He looked to the side to see fancy shoes and navy-blue slacks—that also looked a bit like Cain’s very expensive suits he wore sometimes. Dean was nervous to breathe in, but he knew he had to. The first sniff was a strong alpha. The scent was like nothing he had encountered before. It nearly was cool, like a morning after a blizzard. It had pine undertones, but it still made Dean want to freeze. He knew he couldn’t hide under the car, so Dean let out a slow breath, easing himself out from under the car, “Oh, I apologize. I thought you were Cain.” The man in front of him had blue eyes to match his snowy smell. Dean kept the car between them as a barrier to be safe. The man was older than Dean but still younger than Cain. He had just the beginning of grey hair around his hairline by his ears, laugh lines near his eyes that went just a little too deep. Despite the clearly expensive suit, the man’s tie was slightly askew, “I am Castiel.”
When Dean woke up again, there was a woman in the room. She was sitting in one of the chairs, sewing something plaid in her lap.
“Dean, I’m going to say this and you don’t have to say anything back, ok? I just want you to know.” Colette said softly as he started the car but he left it in park. Dean bit his lip, but nodded, “I don’t know why you were dealt such a shitty hand with alphas. I only know vague stories about what happened with your father and all I know about Sam is what you told us.”
“You trying to steal my mechanic?” Cain asked, his voice a bit louder than usual as he stepped into the garage. Dean noticed he took a stance between Castiel and himself, a protective alpha. Dean appreciated it even though he wasn’t Cain’s.
Dean got the grease off of him, showered quick. He had his nicer jeans in the drawer, as well as a flannel without any holes in it. When he walked back out he could hear Colette laughing. Castiel was sitting at the island with a low-ball glass in hand. He had dispensed of his jacket, his tie as well but his sleeves were still buttoned at the wrist.
“This will probably be similar to your first heats—your libido might not make a feature at all.” Dean blushed, covering his face, “We have to talk about it, sugar, I don’t want any surprises for you—ok?”
“Yeah, Ellen’s been great. She’s got a small pack, but I like it. Got my own room, and her daughter Jo is pretty cool too.”
“Course.” Benny said, opening his phone and sliding over a picture of assumedly his pregnant mate. Pam showed Dean once she cooed over it. His mate was clearly annoyed that Benny was taking a picture. She had a tub of hummus on her belly, her feet propped up, “Due date was last week. She’s madder than hell.”
“It’s alright. I’m not ashamed of what I went through. I had a shitty mom alpha that tried to control me with a bite. I got out as soon as I turned eighteen. Thought I was going to be on my own forever until my little brother showed up.” Gabriel ruffled Castiel’s hair.
“Also been used in a few brain washing cults—some religions. I was named after an angel.” It seemed like a non-sequitur, but Dean was a pro at reading between the lines since he practically invented it.
“There is an intense interview process where people apply to help.” Ana filled in, “So Ash goes through a process to help find an alpha that will fit his needs and desires. He met with Ellen—she is an older alpha that owns a bar called the Roadhouse downtown.” Dean nodded, he had been to the Roadhouse before.
He reached back and turned off the vibration that was now too much, but that didn’t feel wonderful either. He lowered it down to a dull feeling, leaving the knot inside him. He
Dean wringed his wrists a bit, the telltale fluttering in his chest about being around another alpha. He tried to keep it under control, but his brain fritzed out when he was around them. “I can be there, when he comes to the shop. If you don’t like him, I can tell him it won’t work out.” Cain said. Dean bit his lip, anxiety pooling in his gut. He hated that he was like this—that being around another alpha gave him this much anxiety.
“Positive.” Colette answered sleepily, curling up into Dean’s shoulder, “Might snuggle you myself.” Dean gave a weak laugh. Cain’s purr got louder, as if he was trying to lull them both asleep. Dean felt his body tension lessen, his eyes drooped closed, “Goodnight Dean. I am happy you’re here.” Colette rubbed her fingers along his pack mark before closing her eyes.
“I didn’t know he brought in extras.” Castiel said with a smile, like he was proud, “Gabriel owns Baked for Baked on Main Street.”
Dean nodded, the tears in his eyes fighting to come out as he leaned against Cain’s shoulder. Cain immediately pulled him close, a deep purr emanating from his chest. He rubbed his jaw on the top of Dean’s head so his scent was all over him.
Dean sighed, “I was planning on telling you first—Christ, I haven’t even told Missouri. But I—I knew it was the right place with the right people.” He was crying a bit. Cain took one of the napkins that was in the Baked box and dabbed Dean’s face, wiping up the tears. Dean didn’t think anyone had done that since he was a pup.
“Dean?” There was a knock on the door and he turned up. The curtain blocking the doorway pulled back.
“I see what you mean about the steering wheel. This one looks a bit odd.” Castiel’s deep voice was close to his ear as they both hovered over the portfolio. His scent this close was enveloping Dean, he quite liked it.
And his Dad wasn’t always bad. There were better days. Sometimes he came back home from his job at the garage with food. Those were always good days. He got mad when Dean found plates for the kitchen, but he got over it a few days later. Dad didn’t always remember to pay the power bill, but he did pay it more months than he forgot. And when Dean got old enough to start helping out more, he mowed lawns, helped with the plumbing. He became something of a handy man. It didn’t leave much time to be on the middle school baseball team, but that was ok with him. He didn’t
Cain slid open the porch door, “It’s about lunch time, I’m making BLTs if that is ok with everyone?” Dean’s mouth salivated at the thought of more bacon, so he nodded. Missouri did as well.
“I’ll write a report here, you will schedule it on your way out as well as your blood tests. Do you have any other questions for me?”
“Hey, it’s ok. You’re with people who know what you’re dealing with.” Ana said softly, “I used to have a routine of when I woke up every morning of rubbing my arms four times—eight if it was a bad day, to hug myself. Used to only wear sweaters, even in the summer time to keep warm. My speech wasn’t as bad as yours, but I couldn’t even be in a room like this—used to make my ex furious.” Ana smiled, “It gets better though.”
“First time we had this out you scrunched your nose and I thought you wouldn’t eat it. You have come a long way, Dean Winchester.” Colette teased, grabbing her own nibble.
“Oh sugar, you are already looking better.” Missouri said as soon as he walked out into the living room. He smiled as he sat down at the table next to her.
Dean nodded, and Cain’s teeth were in his arm in a flash. The pack bond settled just that much more, making Dean feel protected and loved.
He got back to the house that night, Bobby chattering on the phone as Dean filled up his bottle of water to go to bed. Dean couldn’t really make out the words from Bobby’s study, but he could tell the beta was a bit angry. He checked the score of the evening football game, it wasn’t too far into the game yet as he propped up his feet on the coffee table. His shift the next day was early, so he didn’t want to stay up too late on a Monday night to finish the game. The days were starting to get shorter, so it was almost dark outside.
“This is for you Dean.” Missouri handed him a folder and a notebook. He flipped open the notebook to see a bunch of letters, some checklists.
“I’ve heard so much about you.” Ana smiled. She looked to be about ten years older than Dean. If he could recognize luxury brands, he was sure that what she was wearing would make more sense. It was clear she came from money. Her dark hair was braided down her back, but a few pieces were pulled out in front. Dean nodded his response, “Colette told me not to, but I am going to show you pictures of my brother’s cars to tempt you.” She said as she pulled her phone out.
Dean managed to get the alpha into bed, tucking him in. When he stood up, he thought it was the perfect moment to sneak out into the guest bedroom.
He could hear the sounds of the house, people laughing and murmuring of talking. He wasn’t sure what was going on, but Pam was right. He felt a little better hearing the commotion than he did at home alone. He managed to text Bobby that he was staying at the Omega house for a bit. He tried using some of the blankets from the omega house to help. Some were horrible, so he threw them behind the couch, or as far away as he could. He settled on one that smelled the best.
“Ripping out stuff will do that to ya.” Dean said, wiping off his brow. He looked at the clock and it was nearly seven, “I’ll let you go.”
“Can’t help it. Alpha needs to make sure Castiel knows he’s protected.” Cain licked Dean for dramatic effect behind his ear as a scent mark, which made Dean laugh. Since going to the Omega House, Dean was learning to
Then one morning, a new car was in the garage that Dean had not worked on. It wasn’t a classic, but it was still a very expensive ride. Dean saw a note on his work bench.
“Yes?” Dean came up to the desk as the students left the classroom. The teacher glanced as the last student walked out.
“Y-you h-have?” Dean asked. Cain was rubbing his back in smooth, circular motions. He tried to match his breathing with Cain's, slow and clam.
It was the best heat he ever experienced. Even when it eventually flared up again later, he just retreated into his nest and took care of it. It was still a bit overwhelming, but no one shamed him. He wasn’t worried about someone bursting in and yelling at his nest. It took four days, but when his heat ended he felt like a weight had lifted from his shoulders.
“I got extra toothbrushes, come on.” She encouraged. Dean followed mindlessly, not quite sure what to do other than follow the lead. Colette gave him a toothbrush and toothpaste, showed him a bathroom and left him alone. He looked horrible, his cheeks sunken in a bit. It was hard for him to gain weight, but he looked more underweight than usual. He stopped staring at himself and looked in the bowl as he brushed his teeth, watching the toothpaste go down the drain. He cleaned his face up as best he could before walking back into the kitchen. Colette wasn’t back yet, so Dean made his way to the barstools that were across from where Cain was cooking. As soon as he sat down, Cain passed him a mug of coffee.
“We can have some pictures of your work printed out and put on the wall—that would be cool.” Cain said excitedly.
And while Dean would swear that the Roadhouse did make better burgers, he was quite sure that this place did have better fries. And the burgers were pretty damn good. And all the dipping sauces were perfection.
Dean scowled, kicking the pavement a bit. He wanted to say he didn’t a whole entourage there, but that would be too many words at the moment. He was feeling overwhelmed, and that never lead to anything good in terms of speaking. He hated how sometimes his tongue just felt heavy in his mouth.
“Yeah.” Dean murmured back. She shampooed his hair while he took a washcloth and cleaned his body. He was grateful she didn’t try to do that, though she teasingly offered it. Her fingers running through his hair nearly made him
“Bobby brought over a few items.” Colette answered, “It’s doctor’s orders—or Missouri’s orders—for you to stay here. We’ll talk options once we sit down with Missouri, ok? She’s going to be here tomorrow morning.” Dean nodded.
“A good practice.” Castiel said. Dean realized he was still holding Cas’s arm. He let go, taking a deep breath as he did. He should probably splash some water on his face. He got up out of his seat.
“Sorry! Thought ya heard me. Man named Castiel is here with his truck.” Dean brightened, jumping up off the bench. The tow truck was lowering the busted-up truck onto the ground. Castiel was watching the whole process with his arms crossed, a scowl on his face.
“You definitely got the stuff to make good pie.” Benny told him, “Alright y’all gather around the island. We’re gunna start as soon as I get most of this shit unloaded. Each of ya got bins with your name on it—now I did the tough part and premade the pie crust with a blind bake. So they are already to go.”
When they got to the room where they would take Dean’s blood, Cas shooed the nurse away so he could do it himself.
She tapped his foot, “You can pull them out of the stirrups now. And if you don’t mind, I will ask alpha to leave for a minute or two while I ask some questions without him here—then I’ll bring him back in.”
It was just his luck that Ana was standing not too far outside the door when he and Missouri walked out of the therapy room. Ana smiled as he walked out, her feet were up on the ottoman and she was watching re-runs of the Real Housewives of New York. He could feel Missouri’s eyes on him so he blurted out, “I need to go shopping for heat supplies and I need help.”
“Ash, you can pour beer and talk at the same time.” Ellen informed him, “What are you drinking?” She asked Dean.
“Dean?” Jody’s voice called to him, but he couldn’t answer, “Talked it over with Missouri, can she come in?” Dean couldn’t respond, but he tried to nod his head.
“Shit.” Dean whispered to himself. His throat closed a bit, he wished he could just go back to sleep. He glanced at the sex toys charging, and his cock twitched so hard it came up off his stomach, “
“Come on. I’ve seen enough junk that I promise you—what you got won’t scar me” She winked at him, which made Dean snort. He reluctantly stood up, pushing his sweat pants and boxer briefs down in one go. He stumbled a bit as he tried to work the elastic over his foot. He knew his face was bright red out of embarrassment, trying to get into the tub faster. Colette steadied him, “I’m not going to stare at it.”
“Oh, Dean.” Colette whispered, her hand on his back pulling him close before rubbing it again, “You have nothing to be ashamed of.” She kissed the top of his head that peaked out between his hands, “How long have you been unbound?”
“Dean?” She asked. The smell was so familiar, Dean sneezed. He could faintly remember her smell, being held by her with his mother watching on.
“Yeah, sweet cheeks, she caused a lot of damage too.” Gabriel growled a bit, “You finished checking out? We can go.” Dean nodded, feeling a little woozy. Ana grabbed the bags and walked it to the car. Dean felt like he was in a fog as he walked to his car. He managed to put his hand on it, leaning against the warmth of it. He hoped it would make him feel better. He managed a deep breath.
Dean can hear his parents arguing, but he doesn’t particularly care at the moment. He’s holding his baby brother. The little tyke was just about perfect. His dark hair was already long even though he was only a few months old. Dean sort of liked that he looked like an alien. He was five years old, and he
“Fine.” Dean managed to get out between grit teeth. He liked her, but he was still apprehensive. She wheeled closer to his legs which she placed in the stirrups one by one. The blanket still covered everything, and he was too far up on the chair but it still made his heart beat rise, so he squeezed Cas's hand tighter.
“I did.” Cain said carefully, “At first, you seemed so appalled at having an alpha, I didn’t know how to bring it up. Colette and I decided if we showed you we were a good pack, then you might come around.” Cain let out a breath, “And the last time you had an episode here I—before Colette suggested the Omega shelter—I didn’t ask then because I thought you’d say no. Dean, I knew you a year and a half before I was able to ask how long you had been unbound.” Dean frowned, “You put up a boundary around the topic, and I wanted to respect it.”
It was supposedly common in packs to reaffirm bonds by biting down again. Dean knew it to be true because he saw some people with strong and noticeable pack bite marks. Bobby’s pack mark from Ellen was still prominent, even though she had died nearly a year previously. Same with his mating mark.
“Oh shit, I am so sorry!” The waitress cried. Dean managed to catch the glass to keep it from breaking.
“I’m sure your alpha will understand, let’s get you to the nurse.” Mr. Paterson stood up. Dean couldn’t really think about Sam with his body feeling this gross. His lower back felt like someone was stepping on it. His lower belly felt like it was trying to cave in on itself. Paterson’s scent was gross, but Dean was not going to tell him that as they walked out the door. After a few steps, Mr. Paterson looped his arm under Dean’s to help him walk. Dean couldn’t help but wrinkle his nose in protest.
Dean and Castiel spent the rest of the afternoon stripping down the Ford pick-up, after they had taken around a hundred or so pictures. Dean was careful to get all the rusted details. Upon further inspection of the vehicle, Dean found a few problems with it that were pretty massive. Castiel had probably over paid for it, but he wasn’t going to let him know that. Dean was a bit worried that the alpha would rattle on, but they worked in companionable silence. Castiel asked questions occasionally, and let Dean answer them slowly. Though his stutter had massively improved, it hadn’t gone away completely.
“Yeah. He’s on the next floor up. His office is on the end. I don’t think he is in surgery, but he might be.”
. His behavior is abusive." Castiel stated like it was textbook, it probably was. It was a relief they were both so horrified by Sam's behavior. It was one of Dean's biggest fears in sharing the story, that someone else would accuse him of
Colette stopped him from walking into the house, grabbing his shoulders, “It is good to hear your voice.”
“Well, good to see some familiar faces.” He winked at Ash. Dean could smell that he was mated—and probably had his own pup by the look of him. He was just the type of alpha that
“Sam.” Bobby answered honestly. They barely said his name since he left. Dean needed to know he was ok, but other than that it only caused him to spiral, “He’s not coming home for the holidays, going to a new girlfriends place.”
“I never even—he couldn’t talk about it. I asked if we could visit her grave—he just walked out of the room.” Dean learned not to ask any questions about his mother, not to talk about her. Walking out of the room was the kindest of John’s responses to inquiries about his Mother.
It wasn’t the only time his father beat him, but Dean tried not to think about it. Deep down he knew what his father was beating him up for, and Dean knew his father was right. He hadn’t presented yet, but he knew it. He knew it just like he knew his hair was brown, that his eyes were green—he knew just like his father knew. He was an omega.
He rocked down on the toy, rubbing his cock as fast as possible. He fell down to his arm again, fisting his own cock as he groaned into his sheets. He risked letting go of his cock for a brief second to increase the vibration. As soon as it kicked up, he came untouched. His hand was back on his cock, riding out the waves as his cum dribbled all over his fingers. He continued to rub his cock until it got soft and he winced.
“Dean” She whispered his name heart broken. It brought tears to his eyes so he shook his head a bit.
“Dean, since you’ve been drinking, do you want me to drive your car home?” Dean squeezed his low-ball glass, “I can have Cain follow us.” Before Dean could help it, he whined. Whined like he was being separated from
Dean should go over there and hug him, but he’s frozen, heart stuttering in his chest. All that pain, all that grief, washes over him, threatening to drag him under the waves and drown him. He swallows around the lump in his throat and stares down at the counter, blinking away the wetness in his eyes.
It started with a prayer from Sam, simple and polite compared to the brazen nature of Dean. All he requested was for Castiel to meet him at the motel they were staying at, and if he could please hurry because Dean was out, and that's who he wanted to talk about. It was an odd prayer, but Castiel dutifully flew to their location, a part of him thrumming with worry over his charge.
“He doesn’t need my healing,” Castiel said finally and moved to walk out the door. “It would be best to restrain him for now.”
He’s surprised to see Castiel looking so nervous, all of a sudden. “When I raised you from Hell,” he speaks slowly. “I put you back together myself. I purged the demon touch from your soul and healed all the wounds that were inflicted upon you, and I used my own grace to stitch the pieces together until you were pure, whole, and new.”
Castiel swallowed and quickly continued his task. He vanished the blood that had dripped onto the floor and healed his wound. The glowing sigils pulsed with warmth around him, and he slowly made his way over to the door.
—for Sam, for your car, for the world, for all the people that came into your life. You, Dean Winchester, are a being
Castiel chuckles and presses his lips to the spot where Dean’s pulse beats rapidly. “No,” he answers. “Only you.”)
Castiel clenched his jaw when he was overcome with the urge to sink his teeth into Dean’s skin, if only to discover what kind of noise Dean would make, if only to have another taste.
“S’okay, Sammy,” he murmurs, repeating the words that he said countless times before. “Just let it all out, Sammy. I’m here, I’m here…”
“Awesome,” Dean said with a smirk. It looked out of place on his tired face, and Castiel could only hope that he’d be back to his usual self soon. “Thanks.”
“I think Jack got him out,” he says, glancing at him. “Bobby said that Cas helped him out here, and I doubt that Jack would wanna let his other Dad rot in the Empty.” His breath mists out in front of him when he exhales, and he doesn’t voice the thought haunting him.
There was the sound of something breaking, followed by another wretched scream, and Sam flinched, hands clenched at his side. “I need to get some air,” he muttered in a pained voice and then made his way up the stairs.
“I have enough for you,” Castiel tells him. “I always do.” Then, he pauses and sweeps his gaze over his friend. “But I’ll have to heal you in a rather unconventional way,” he adds cautiously, watching for Dean’s reaction. “Will that be okay?”
love. Your soul grows brighter around the people you care for, and it dims when they’re away.” There’s a small smile on his face when Dean looks up at him, and the affection threatens to undo him. “Your soul is beautiful,” Cas says again. “And I know you return my feelings because of it.”
“I said I would stay,” Castiel replied and placed the back of his hand on Dean’s forehead. Dean whimpered quietly and pushed his head up into the touch, so Castiel allowed himself the chance to linger, and he combed his fingers through Dean’s hair. “A fever,” he commented. “One hundred and one point three.”
“Do you think it’s in my blood?” Dean asked next. He didn’t seem to care that the conversation was one-sided. “Do you think if I split my skin open, I’ll get a taste of your grace when I flatten my tongue against the wound?”
The sun had already set, and stars were slowly appearing in the sky when Sam’s panicked prayers caught his attention. He appeared at the bottom of the steps that led to the panic room and saw that the door was wide open. Castiel could see Sam sitting on the floor, arms wrapped around a struggling Dean, while Bobby stood beside them, an expression of sorrow on his face.
“D’ya think we should restrain him?” Bobby asked from the doorway, and Castiel pondered the question.
Sam’s crying tapers off eventually, and he pulls back, wiping at his eyes with the sleeve of his jacket. Dean lets him do it and takes a moment to wipe at his own, letting out a breath. The sky is starting to darken, the moon slowly rising and the stars making their appearance.
Dean takes a long sip of beer in an attempt to give himself some liquid courage, feeling almost light-headed from nerves. He lets out a breath and says, finally, “If I tried, then it wouldn’t matter to me, because they wouldn’t be you.”
Castiel thinks. Instead of voicing this thought, Castiel shifts until he’s sitting beside Dean, leaning back against the headboard. Dean pulls his laptop closer and boots up a show on Netflix, and they watch on in a comfortable silence.
He lifts his head and witnesses the same surprise, the same pleasure, in Dean’s soul, and he watches as Dean relaxes once the pain is gone. “Thanks, angel,” Dean drawls, and there’s a smile on his face, in his eyes, in his very soul. “Dunno what I’d do without you.”
Dean’s breathing raggedly by the time they break, and Cas isn’t any better. They stare into each other’s eyes, and Dean feels a rush of affection for Cas, so strong and overwhelming that he has to tip his head forward onto the Angel’s shoulder and clutch him tightly.
He distinctly recalled the way Dean’s pupils grew, his celestial vision allowing him to witness it even in darkness, and the sound of Dean’s soft, barely-there whimper sounded in his mind when Castiel reluctantly pulled away. Perhaps he missed something?
“I don’t know what else to do,” Dean pleaded. “Please, Cas, please, just—I need it, Cas. I-I hate living this way, y’know? My skin itches when the feeling fades and my head starts goin’ fuzzy. The emptiness in my chest gets filled by your cold grace, and I’m starting to hate it whenever I feel warm.”
They all piled into the car (Castiel didn’t need to fly off for once, not that he wanted to), and Dean drove them back to the motel. Castiel kept his eyes fixed on Dean’s form, and their eyes met in the rearview mirror now and again. Whenever it happened, Castiel felt a rush of electricity flood through his grace, and then heat would pool in his gut.
“Hey, stranger,” he murmured and shifted on the bed. Dean grimaced when the cuff jostled his bandaged wrist, but he didn’t complain about it. “Thought you’d be off hiding by now.” He suddenly shivered, and sweat broke out across his brow.
Dean rode out the sickness caused by his withdrawal with frustration, but that did not stop him from asking Castiel to sit beside him while he slept, covered by the trench coat as he drifted into a dreamless sleep. Anything he ate would come back up for a while, but eventually, the fever broke, and he was able to keep down the famous tomato rice soup that Dean always praised.
“Okay?” Sam said, confused. His eyes flicked over to Dean and back. “Shouldn’t you heal him, then? He’ll have a better time listening to our lecture if he’s not in pain.”
“Perhaps you’re right,” Castiel replied. “I fed him more than usual, and I had to push him to take it.” He glanced up at the mirror and observed Dean’s slack face. “But I’d do it again,” he murmured, mostly to himself. “If it was a choice between Dean living and Dean dying, then I’d feed him all of my grace.”
Dean looked stricken. “Cas,” he rasped and actually sank to his knees. He stared up at Castiel with wide eyes, uncaring of the mud that would surely stain his jeans. “Please,” he said and reached up with his injured wrist. “Please heal me.” His voice broke near the end, but he didn’t seem to care. “I need it.”
So, Castiel chose not to touch Dean not because he didn’t want to, no, it was because he was certain that he wouldn’t be able to stop.
It was a simple spirit, something the Winchesters could easily tackle together, and Dean invited him to tag along. Castiel almost denied him, but there was something in his gaze that made him pause—a hunger that lurked in those bright green eyes that contrasted with his pale face.
“Yeah, you had to feed us your grace,” Sam said slowly, still with a perplexed wrinkle in his brow. Comprehension dawned on him soon afterwards, followed by grim realization as he looked upon his brother’s sleeping form. “So,” he added quietly. “Are we going to Bobby’s?”
He pulls back and catches sight of Dean’s parted lips. Surprise makes his bright soul twist and shudder, and Castiel hums quietly, pleased. “You should take better care of yourself,” he says, the words carrying no heat. Castiel knows that Dean could try and try, but he’d rather put himself at risk to save the people he’s protecting from monsters, and especially to save his brother.
“It outshines everyone in the room,” Cas answers, and now he’s even closer. This time, Dean feels a nervous, fluttery feeling in his stomach. “You radiate so many positive feelings when I’m near, Dean, and your soul reaches for my Grace.”
The rest of Dean’s recovery was relatively easy. There were no other issues with the angelic grace that Castiel fed him, and it did not flare up inside him like he thought. They still had to deal with Dean trying to hurt himself on occasion, and even Dean’s personality flips. He’d only do it when he sensed that Castiel was near, trying to coax him into the panic room with honeyed words and threats of self-harm.
“But—” Dean cut himself off, lips parted in shock. His soul quivered, and so did his body, and nothing could have prepared Castiel for what his human charge did next.
Dean swallows, and now he has to look away from the intensity of Cas’s blue eyes. “And how does that relate to you being able to see my soul-feelings?” he asks. “I don’t think I was feeling anything
“I called him down for an opinion on the case,” Sam cut in. He pulled the containers out of the plastic bag and opened one of them, an expression of mild distaste on his face. Still, he started eating the salad before him. “Hope that’s okay.”
Dean just shrugs. “Don’t mind,” he says, eyes slipping shut. “Just wanna get rid of this pounding in my head. Way worse than an archangel, I’ll tell ya.”
“Bobby,” he said calmly. “I need you to prepare the panic room. Dean will be staying there indefinitely. I may have to add some additional wards to the walls just to be safe, but they should not ruin the ones that you already have up.”
“You’ll get through this, Dean,” Castiel said confidently. All he carried was faith for his favored human. “And then we’ll figure out a way to move past this together.”
and I don’t—” He looked wild and crazed as he started pacing, running a hand through his hair. “I want it, Cas. No, I
Castiel returned later in the night and stood outside the panic room with Sam. They were forced to listen to Dean’s struggles, and Castiel felt his chest twist whenever he heard Dean begging, and the raw emotion in his voice threatened to undo him.
“You should have called me right away,” Castiel says, a little exasperated. It’s an emotion he tends to feel strongly when he’s around this family. “I would like to help prevent your injuries rather than heal them.”
Castiel paused as he mulled it over. It would be easier to see what was wrong if he stayed, and he could probably get a better diagnosis if he let his grace brush over Dean’s soul. “I’ll stay,” he finally said and settled back against the chair. “Now, tell me what you’re hunting.”
Castiel lurched forward, his body instinctively reacting to the urge to make it all better, but he quickly got control of himself. He clenched his hand at his side and assessed the damage from afar, relieved to note that there was nothing serious. If Dean hadn’t been cuffed to the bed, he was certain the damage would be greater.
“Hmm.” Castiel dips his head and brushes his lips over Dean’s ruined knuckles, feeling the skin knit back together, feeling the bones line up perfectly, feeling the breaks lock into place, all beneath his mouth.
Dean’s face fell, and there was a hint of fear on it. “Will you stay?” he asked, vulnerable and meek, so different from earlier. “I-I don’t want to be alone right now.”
“I’ve figured out the problem,” Castiel said flatly. He placed Dean in the backseat of the Impala and then fixed his eyes on Sam. “You were not far off from your suggestion.”
“I don’t know if he’ll be able to escape this,” Castiel commented quietly, and guilt unfurled in his chest at the very thought.
Cas looks over at him, eyes wide and lips parted, and Dean’s certain he’s wearing a similar expression. He hadn’t meant for it to come out like that, but now that he’s thinking about it, he’s okay with saying those words to Cas right now. It’s not like they needed a romantic dinner or something—it was a moment with just
“Don’t hafta,” Dean replies, but he’s leaning toward Castiel, blinking sluggishly. Perhaps instinct is leading him. “Should save your power.”
His thumb brushes over Dean’s bottom lip, and Castiel swallows when Dean’s lips part automatically, pink tongue darting over the tip of it. He meets Dean’s gaze, and the heat in them threatens to drown him.
If anyone ever asked about the most painful moment in his life, Castiel would confess that it was this moment right here: Castiel having all the power to heal Dean but knowing he couldn’t because it would only harm him further.
“Dean tried to hurt himself,” Bobby answered with a heavy sigh. “Slammed his head against the floor a few times. Managed to get a cut, but we don’t know if there’s more damage.”
“You should be good,” he announced after he made this observation and proceeded to uncuff Dean from the bed. His wrist and ankle were healing on their own, and Castiel made sure to not offer his help. He didn’t want to set Dean back so soon.
“Oh, you know,” Dean replies with a half-hearted shrug that makes him hiss. “This and that. The usual.”
Castiel also noticed that his meal was unfinished. Dean rarely left food behind, and if he did, then something was clearly wrong.
After that, it was a tangle of clothes and sheets, and frenzied hands pressed against bodies. Castiel followed through with his previous train of thought and buried his teeth in Dean’s throat, feeling something inside him shake apart when the taste of him exploded on his tongue. He groaned low in his throat and slipped a hand between them where Dean was already hard and leaking.
“Hello, Dean,” he says aloud and moves closer. He grasps Dean’s injured hand and brings it up, gently thumbing over the broken skin. “What have you done this time?” Castiel wonders, slightly chiding.
And, of course, Dean offers a wry smile, leaning back against the headboard. “That’s what I got you for,” he quips, but there’s an undertone of softness to his words, vulnerability, like it’s something he
He watched as Dean broke apart under the pleasure of grace, and Castiel was not that far off from feeling the same thing. Soul and grace reached for each other, twisting together until he wasn’t sure where one began and one ended. Castiel dropped his weight onto his charge, clinging to his arm as they rocked against each other, names gasped into each other’s mouths as they kissed and kissed.
“I don’t know what he prayed for,” he reluctantly admitted and took a seat across from Sam. He observed the younger Winchester’s face and caught the fleeting nervousness that appeared on his face. “Is there more?”
Dean narrowed his eyes, and then his free hand dug into his injured wrist, and Castiel could hear the way his bones ground together as he gripped it tightly. He shook himself out of his stupor and lurched toward Dean, dragging the human up to stand.
Castiel pressed their lips together, tongues brushing in a way that made them both groan, the taste of blood mixed in. He released Dean and planted that hand on the space beside his head, his other one creeping up Dean’s left arm. Static seemed to build as he neared his mark, and Castiel broke the kiss to stare into Dean’s eyes.
Eventually, they part, and Dean’s breathing a little too raggedly, eyes wild and hazy. Castiel wonders if he looks the same way because he certainly feels crazed, the memory of Dean’s lips echoing in his mind.
“Ah,” Castiel said. “Of course.” He rose as Sam stepped into the room and met Bobby’s gaze. “Perhaps both of you should stay down here,” he suggested and started to wander around the room. He let his angel blade slide into existence and sliced his palm open, using his grace-tinged blood to draw some sigils onto the walls.
“You won’t heal me because it’s a sprain, right?” Dean said in that carefree way of his, but the edge of darkness to his words made Castiel’s feathers stand on end. “Well, you’ll have to do it when it’s a break, so…”
Pain, sharp and familiar, wells up in his chest. Dean has the sudden urge to lurch forward in panic, clutching at it, but he just barely manages to resist. He settles for clenching his fist at his side, fighting with the emotions for a bit, and then he exhales, and relaxes, recalling Bobby’s earlier words.
"I really don't know," Sam admitted, striding over to sit in a chair. He sank into it with a sigh and ran his fingers through his hair. “He’s been more touchy than usual, and I think he’s barely sleeping. I thought it was just nightmares, y’know, but then I saw that his hands were shaking.”
Sam’s demon blood addiction allowed his powers to come out during the withdrawal, and while Castiel was not a hundred percent certain that the same would happen with Dean, he’d rather have some precautions in place. Sigils to suppress angel grace (should the power come out), and, of course, some to keep Dean hidden because if it were to come out, then angels in Heaven would certainly be alerted to the disturbance.
“I—yes. You have some of my Grace in your soul, and I used to wonder if your soul was just reacting that way in an attempt to unite with me, seeking more Grace.” Cas shakes his head. “But that wasn’t the case, Dean. The feelings became apparent, and I realized that it was not seeking to merge with my Grace. Your soul wanted to be with my Grace, yes, but for a different reason—similar to the way a soul reaches for another soul when they care for them so deeply.” And then, Cas smiles, soft and happy as he says, “The way soulmates do.”
“I came to see you,” Cas says, stepping further into the bar. He stops, inches away, and hums, giving a small shake of his head. “No, that’s not right. I wanted to see you.”
Sam called ahead to inform Bobby of their journey. He was driving down an empty highway, his leg healed thanks to Castiel, and he seemed both agitated and worried. After he swerved onto the other lane, Castiel plucked the phone out of his hand and held it up to his ear.
“Found your grace,” Dean sang, and his wrist flopped against the bed. “It was inside me all along, angel.” And then he laughed, though it sounded more like a giggle. “I’ve got Castiel inside me!”
The moon shines down on them, the cool breeze tickles his cheeks, and the night birds sing their songs. Cas’s hand is warm in his, their fingers threaded together, and their silence is comfortable, soothing.
And if their hands fall to their sides, brushing against each other with every swing, there’s no one else around to comment on it.
Sam offered a small, pained smile and then continued working. Castiel eventually poured some coffee into a mug for Sam, who drank it gladly. When Sam finished frying the eggs, he piled them onto a plate and walked downstairs. Castiel followed, and he made sure to keep himself cloaked as the door to the panic room swung open. He could hear the murmur of voices when Sam entered.
“Dean,” Cas murmurs, and there’s that touch of reverence to his voice again, like Dean’s name is the only thing he should know, like Dean’s the only one that deserves his prayers. “
“Your…” Dean touches his chest with wide eyes. “I have your Grace in me?” He doesn’t know how he feels about the idea yet, but he can’t deny that there’s a part of him that’s
” He pauses, licks his lips, and then his wings are gone; Dean misses them already. “Destiny never mattered when it came to us,” he adds. “You taught me that, Dean, and I will always believe that to be true. We found each other in spite of everything that the world threw at us, and we became soulmates on our own.”
“No, but, uh, I think he knows.” Sam paused in his movements, shoulders slumped. “You know, when I was deep in my addiction, I could… sense demons. A part of me believed that I could smell their blood, too, and—”
(“You don’t heal Sammy this way, do you?” Dean wonders, later on, his lips red and shiny, and his hair mussed. His soul gleams with joy, and Castiel thinks he’s beautiful.
Castiel could watch Dean’s soul for hours, really. Such brightness and strength, making it shine as bright as the creation of stars. The horrors of his life and trauma haven’t tarnished it, in spite of what Dean may think, and it still tempts Castiel with its gleaming perfection, beckoning him to enter Dean’s orbit.
He healed his cut with an idle thought and started to make his way back to where the Impala was parked. Sam was leaning against the hood, one leg extended and both arms crossed, and he sat up straighter as Castiel neared, brows furrowed.
"What's wrong with Dean?" he asked immediately, mentally going over how Dean looked the last time they saw one another (which had been approximately thirteen days, eighteen hours, twenty-three minutes, and seven seconds). Dean had been fine, if a little hurt—the Wendigo they were hunting had knocked Dean aside, which gave him a concussion, and also sank its claws into Dean's side in an attempt to drag him away from Sam.
“Cas!” Dean called out suddenly, but Sam didn't turn them. “I know you’re there, Cas! Please, just—I need it, Cas. Need you to fix me.”
says. “I love you, Dean Winchester. I love you so much that I don’t know what to do with myself. I loved you then, I love you now, and I’ll love you until the end of time itself.”
“Were you happy?” Dean eventually asks, taking a sip of his crappy beer. The flavor is tinged with nostalgia and emotions, and the memories of all the times he did this with his brother comes to mind—the two of them sat on the Impala’s hood, taking a moment to enjoy the quiet bubble that they made.
It’s not like what those movies make it out to be when you kiss the love of your life, no. There are no fireworks exploding in his head, no sparks traveling through his body. There’s just a sense of rightness flooding through him, a warmth blooming his chest, and the feeling of coming home.
“Cas,” Dean choked out and weakly grasped at his coat. Castiel pulled back to gaze down at him as he writhed beneath the angel, red lips parted and green eyes hazy. “Cas,
“But I want to,” Dean says. He looks up at the Angel, who’s gazing at him with his head cocked in that bird-like way of his. “I’m just asking if you’ll be patient with me, s’all.”
He left before Sam or Bobby could say anything, and then he flew up to the roof of Bobby’s home. Castiel wrapped his wings around his body and stared out into nothingness, praying to a distant Father for Dean Winchester to make it out of this ordeal unscathed.
Then, Castiel wraps an arm around Dean’s middle and plasters himself against Dean’s back. He doesn’t need to sleep, no, but the warmth of Dean’s body and the gentle call of his soul easily lulls Dean into something akin to sleep, where his grace reaches out to touch Dean’s soul, both of them intertwining into completion.
And if Dean thought Castiel was nice to look at and selfishly wanted the opportunity to look a little longer, well. That was incidental.
It huddled against Dean's shirt, looking nervous, but the hissing and flailing and yowling he had expected never came. With a sigh, Dean turned towards the kitchen, realizing much too late that he really should have gone inside to get his jacket and keys
Being in the same academic year as his little brother had its ups and downs, but overall Dean had no regrets.
Castiel was not fool enough to think he had the capacity for much more; as it was, he felt ready to combust in a shower of colorful sparks at the slightest provocation. Still, he mourned his inability to watch Dean touch himself. Next time, if Dean was amenable, Castiel would take him from behind.
“Of course not,” Rowena affirmed gently, moving to stand in front of the window. The early afternoon light pouring through the colorful glass bounced off of Rowena’s decorated gown, sending pinpricks dancing around the room. “The creators are beings removed from the very concept of existence as we know it. It would be impossible for any other being to truly know and understand the intentions of something so omniscient, so unfathomable, so
But then there was more movement and the real Dean appeared before Castiel, reaching up to pick apart the chains while Sam confirmed that his shot had truly killed the shifter. Able to lower his arms at long last, Castiel was so engrossed in the wonderful feeling of no longer being stretched that he didn’t immediately hear the scolding Dean was giving him as he picked the lock on the cuffs.
Hannah shook her head, the corner of her mouth quirking up. “I already had some. Please, help yourself.”
On shaky legs, Castiel moved closer to the foot of the bed, unable to look away as his counterpart spread Dean’s cheeks and gave a wide lick across his hole, followed by a series of teasing flicks with the tip of his tongue.
Cas had come to inform them of suspicious activity near their destination in Wyoming that suggested Amara was not far away. The conversation ended with Dean thanking Cas for the warning and decreeing that he was strictly to use his cell phone to reach them until his grace was back on track.
Thanks once again to my incredible beta and fabulous artist! This was so stressful, but I'm thrilled with the final product, and I hope you are too. =]
“Given the conclusions we’ve come to,” Castiel finished, “we’d like your expertise on whether or not the Unity Ceremony can safely be decoupled from marriage.”
against his own and Castiel revelled in it, holding him close as though he might vanish and leave Castiel cold, as the many imaginary counterparts that visited Castiel’s dreams often were wont to do. He felt the rumble of Dean’s chuckle against his lips as he mouthed at the crest over his heart and, feeling disinclined to fully part from the marvelous form beneath him, settled instead for dragging his mouth across Dean’s torso, licking and kissing at will whenever the urge struck him.
"Yeah, yeah," he sighed when Gabriel pleaded again for him to leave food out that evening. A catering order had come in that morning from a client Gabriel usually dealt with, and Dean had been too distracted discussing logistics to remember to ask him how much tuna he usually left out.
“Hmm,” Dean hummed, running his thumb thoughtfully across his lower lip, “It’s a big change, I suppose.”
Several hours later, sunlight filtered through the bushes and into their hideaway, brushing across Castiel’s closed eyes. He woke slowly, more peacefully than he had in weeks, something he attributed to knowing Hannah had kept watch while he was sleeping. He didn’t feel the need to leap into consciousness and survey his surroundings.
Crowley’s assistant appeared from the left wing, tugging insistently at a heavy chain. A few steps behind her a man stumbled blindly, his vision obscured by the black fabric around his head and his hands tied at the wrists behind his back. He was completely unclothed.
Dean takes the long way home, drives a little longer than is strictly necessary, but he needs to get psyched up, he tells himself. If he’s gonna have two real conversations in one night, he’d better be prepared.
“For years you made me feel—you made me feel unwanted. And I just need to know that if you want me, you truly want me.”
“Thanks for the dance,” he says, which is at least mostly intelligible, but Dean can tell he’s mostly asleep.
Dean thinks about saying something, but what could he say? She’s right. When she met him—really met him—Dean was deep into the Mark of Cain, losing himself, losing everything. He’s not that person anymore, though he was for a long time, long after the Mark was gone. Whatever semblance of humanity he managed to hold onto was mostly thanks to Cas. Claire saw him kill; Claire watched him destroy. It’s a wonder she’s still around at all. But here she is.
“What about you?” Cas shoots back. “You’ve crossed your legs ten times. And you’re chewing on the inside of your mouth. You know—if we’re identifying nervous habits.”
“And his last name is Winchester, right?” she says, pointing at Dean, whose fight or flight activates for the seventh time this evening. “I was just listening to an episode about this guy named Dean Winchester. Super crazy serial killer. Funny coincidence.”
