"What? What is it?"
The next Saturday dawned clear and crisp, the sky a brilliant sapphire blue. With a nearly eight hour drive ahead of them, they were loading the rented Ford Galaxy just as the sun broke over the tree line in Regent's Park. John was quiet, contemplative, as he slammed the gate down and tugged at it to make sure the latch had caught.
gesture, I was entirely overcome with my own desire.
left him. It’s only been a half year since John came home, since they became
." Sherlock hisses the words at him, saliva flecks flying from between clenched teeth. There are spots of colour on his cheeks, his eyes burning black and diamond hard.
They kissed softly for a few moments more, John’s arms wound around Sherlock’s waist, Sherlock stroking his fingers over John’s hair, down the beard, over well-trimmed cheeks and more raggedy hairs on his neck, finding the cleft of his chin with his thumb. John pulled back, leaving a trail of tender kisses across Sherlock’s cheek. He smiled with his eyes, with the whole face, in that way that only John could, like a light radiating out into a dark room. He gently pushed Sherlock off his lap and stood up with him, silently pulling him by the hand down the darkened hallway into their room. He closed the door and turned round.
, Sherlock. I just had a moment. I'm sorry I shouted at you."
“I want that, too.”
“I’ll buy every shot on on that tray. I promise.” Sherlock holds out his hand, curls his fingers towards his palm. “Just come with me.”
“Hufflepuffs allowed in this compartment, or shall we piss off down the train car?” Rose purses her lips and cocks an eyebrow at John.
berk." John grinned.
“Sorry, sorry.” He withdrew immediately, conditioned to submit the moment anyone showed real distain. The old John would have pitied him, offered him a cuppa, tried to help.
“Uhhhhh - oh
“After you.” John gestured for Sherlock to go ahead of him, as was their custom on cases. Sherlock took front and centre, and John stood behind him, steadying and dependable and generally quiet.
"Leave the tab open?" She deftly lined up pint glasses with one hand and held out the other for John's credit card.
He didn’t even know what Sherlock was asking for, but he nodded weakly, hands still over his face. He couldn't say no to Sherlock, never could. Then Sherlock was screeching a chair across the floor and sitting down in it, he could feel his proximity. He could smell the fucking Belstaff, wool and tobacco and mints. He shook and shook, nervous perspiration soaking into the hospital sheets. He didn’t know what to do.
"Boring old man." Sherlock groused, without any real rancour, and flounced off the bed as John yanked the covers back over himself. "I'm getting up."
Late that night, Sherlock’s propped on the sofa with the telly on, his broken arm resting on a nest of pillows, well dosed with pain medication and nearly drifting off to sleep. John emerges from the darkened kitchen in his pyjamas, holding something in his hands and looking confused.
“Alright. I have to -- do that -- first. Then we go home.”
“Have you before?” Sherlock opens his eyes as John shifts to the side, reaching into the bedside drawer where Sherlock had stashed his lube and condoms the day before. He runs his hand down the smooth tautness of John’s muscular back, over the curve of his arse. “God, you’re really so beautiful, John.”
,” Sherlock breathed, desperation making his voice catch in his throat.
“You had me so worried today.” John says quietly, voice muffled by his lips against Sherlock’s skin.
"Are you going to fall asleep?" Sherlock mumbles, sounding on the verge himself.
“Looking for company?” Sherlock slumps on the bench next to him. There’s a hand almost immediately on his thigh.
"No one has ever...I'm not, Sherlock. Not at all. I'm short and plain and average. No one has ever said..." John can't even look at him.
Sherlock rubs his hair with a towel, pulls on his new clothes. He hasn't said thank you. He hasn't...he must. John’s done so much, changed everything for him. Clears his throat. "John. I just wanted to say --"
John’s warm hand on his knee.
. He was so lost in the scene he could almost feel the grass under his back, smell the windswept meadow.
“Oh my god, I’m so - “ Sherlock runs his hands furiously over John’s bare thighs, kisses his throat and his collarbone, “I need you now, or I’ll just - “
Sherlock, makes it all that much better.
speak Gaelic.
Oh. This is...not their bedroom.
him, and he’s getting distracted.
John throws his head back and laughs full stop. It’s fucking Christmas. It’s bells tinkling and mince pie and fairy lights reflecting on the river. It’s absolutely the most beautiful and comforting noise Sherlock has ever heard in his life.
The body beneath him squirmed and moaned, back bending. He slid his hand up the curve of spine. Not skinny enough, really, to be perfect, but close enough. The hair was right. That was always the most important detail. If the hair was wrong - straight, or not black enough - he just wasn’t interested.
“You really are such a complete fucking idiot sometimes, Sherlock.”
Sherlock stands in the doorway thinking of all the vile insults Mycroft would throw at him if he saw the depth of sentiment he had allowed himself.  He watches John sleep for just a moment, and then crosses the room stealthily, climbs silently into bed with John, the bag of money still pressed against his chest. He'll probably never even see Mycroft again. It's just himself and John now. Just the two of them against the rest of the world. He likes that thought.
“Yes, yes, of course.” Sherlock sets John’s hand down softly on the sheets, and leaps up from the bed so quickly that the mattress bounces.
Sherlock resumed stroking him slow, more just letting John thrust into his grip as he rode Sherlock. He thumbed at the slit, spreading precome in a slippery circle, pressed the pad of his thumb against the frenulum. John jerked forward hard, clenching tight around Sherlock's prick. Orgasm started gathering at the base of Sherlock's spine, heat spreading between his legs and up into his lower belly. He bent his knees against the weight of John's arse, let John lean back against the tops of his thighs as he rose up and down, rocked his hips from side to side and panted shallowly.
to go. Send me an owl, alright? Quick as you can, just yes or no."
“God, you’re
Sherlock nuzzled into the nape of John's neck, mouthed at his hairline. "I want to see sheep. Let's rent a cottage out in the middle of nowhere."
“Ah, well then. I suppose I’ll have to scold him properly tomorrow.” Mrs Hudson ushers John inside. “Cuppa tea with your pasty?”
, Mycroft. I was dead. I was already dead, nothing mattered anymore. You have no idea."
John rocks his hips, pushes in and hard until the head of his cock moves past resistant muscle and into the tight wet heat of Sherlock's body. His head floods with endorphins as Sherlock wraps his legs around his back and pulls him closer. "Oh fuck - god - you feel so - "
“You’re also an insufferable smart arse.”
“If he fucks with you tonight…” John sends Sherlock a warning glare, threads his fingers through Sherlock’s. “Last night was different. Now we’re --
Outside, just beyond the perimeter of the cctv cameras that ring the Diogenes Club, Lorne Malvo lowers his binoculars from his eyes and puts his sunglasses back on. He walks away, hands clasped behind his back and eyes upturned to the skyline, looking like any other American tourist.
Despite Malvo, despite the chaos swirling around them, the danger lurking just out of sight, just out of John’s ability to do anything about it - things feel
“Behave. It’ll be fun.”
Except it does.
“You’re so sad, John. Why are you so sad?” Sherlock can hear he’s a bit off, his voice sounds different. “Don’t be sad. We’re going to go have fun tonight, just like -- we’re gonna go on a date.”
"What on earth did you think you were doing, coming here? Were you going to catch me out? Turn me into the police? You know they don't give a single fuck, Sherlock." Jim sighs exasperatedly and flops back on the sofa. "I'm just not in the mood for this tonight."
"Nice place you've got here, Sherlock."
Oh, the middle of the night. The middle of the night has always been hard for me. It’s too quiet. Too much room to think.
Sherlock’s body with his every breath for god knows how long - Sherlock's lost any sense of time passing - and Sherlock’s just lain here, the whole time, and let John touch him and suck him and drive him
"Well, go on. Take it out."
Sherlock watches him from the other side of the room, eyes soft and docile. So beautiful. So brilliant. So needful and hungry for affection, for love. He cried on their wedding day. Wept. In front of everyone they knew, as John slipped the silver band around his finger, he sobbed, all the years of pent up emotion and love breaking over him like a wave. John had never seen anything more beautiful; which was exactly what he whispered in Sherlock's ear as he held him close and wiped the tears away.
“Baby, I’m not gonna...I can’t…” John’s head fell forward heavy against Sherlock’s collarbone, kissing messily at his chest. His hips shuddered forward, his cock rubbing just at the spot that sent Sherlock’s nerve endings sparking white and silver, liquid metal coursing hot and thick through him, and he knew he wouldn’t last long either.
“I’ve got one of those.” John grinned at her and Sherlock felt his heart lift.
John pushes it open slowly and they slip through. The door shuts out the cacophony of the club, and they're abruptly enveloped in near silence. The room is cold and moonlight blue, though Sherlock knows it's not actually moonlight but just a neon sign at the liquor store next door. He pretends it's the moon.
“Come on then. I promise I won’t take advantage of you.” John nudged at Sherlock’s thigh, encouraging him to sit on his outstretched legs.
Her eyes narrowed for just a second, and then she said, “Yeah, there’s a place right about three blocks away. Real nice girls in there. Clean.”
Sherlock wants to live inside this moment, with the morning sunlight streaming in the window behind them, twining around John’s gorgeous blushing body, and John on him, inside him, surrounding him. The second wave is cresting, though. He can't stop the surging heat between his legs, the tremulous shiver shimmering up his spine. His hand speeds up around his leaking prick, his aching belly tightening again. John twitches and cries out, his fingers digging into Sherlock’s hip.
Sherlock hasn’t slept in over twenty four hours. Overwhelmed suddenly with exhaustion and desire both, and trying desperately hard not to think of all the shit hanging over their heads, he allows John to pull him into the bedroom, tumble him down onto the bed.
, Sherlock."
He watches John blow the oil lamp out, putting the room into almost complete blackness. He can’t even see John, only hear his soft padding footsteps coming closer to the bed. A sliver of pale moonlight cuts through the curtains, making an elongated triangle white on the floor. Sherlock’s eyes adjust as the bed dips down, he can make out the glowing pale edge of John’s face as his knee presses in along Sherlock’s hip.
“May I use your phone? I left mine at home.” He lies smoothly, not really thinking she would deny him the use of the telephone, but it’s strange for teenagers to not have mobiles, and he’s used to trying to seem as normal as possible.
She smiles, though her eyes narrow suspiciously, and swats at him with her ever present dish towel, shaking her head. “Where’s the other half?”
John stops walking so abruptly that Sherlock keeps moving for a few steps before he realises John’s not beside him anymore. He turns, John watching him, his eyes dazzlingly blue against the grey sky, the shoulders of his shirt speckled with rain.
“Seriously, John.” Sherlock raised his head, his cheek still warm from where it had lain against the comforting rhythm of John’s blood pumping through his aorta. He took John’s other hand, and covered John’s smaller ones with both of his. Cradled them. “Listen to me. I don’t want us to be constantly apologising to each other. We’re going to have moments of anger, of confusion, and frustration. We’re...not the same people we were two years ago, and we have both been through our own separate hells. But I love you even more now than I did then, and you’re all I’ve thought about, and I can’t bear for you to apologise to me anymore. I understand how sorry you are, and I hope you understand how sorry I am, and I just...we keep saying the same things and there’s no need. Please, let’s just
John reaches down and yanks the blankets up from where they're bunched at the end of the bed, pulls them crookedly over both of them. "Better?"
Sherlock hums and tilts his head so John can get a better angle. John’s still dressed. That has to change. He kneels up and yanks his jumper and tee shirt over his head in one movement, and then rolls on his back to kick his jeans and pants onto the floor, then rolls back to drape his naked body against Sherlock’s naked body, and it’s perfect how they fit together. John bends his knee over Sherlock’s thigh, noses at his neck, and says quietly, “Now where was I?”
“I am aware of that, John.”
Sherlock opens his eyes.
Our kisses grew more heated, his tongue flicking over my lower lip, his fingers tightening on the back of my head. I melted into him, having lost all ability to even
, how his eyes get sharp focused and he licks at his lips constantly. He’s seen the
“John.” It’s a question.
They still have their socks on.
“Oh, John. It feels so good. Please, please,” Sherlock gasped brokenly, his entire body alight with desire.
John rubbed Sherlock’s watch absently, feeling half nauseous with a hope he dared not allow himself to feel. There’d been no further contact after the last text, though. He'd texted back immediately, daring an open question instead if this cat and mouse game, "Sherlock? Is that you?" And nothing. Silence.
"Fuck you."
fit, every incarnation of who they are will always match the other. He knows this. They’re made to fit, created just to be the other’s one. Doesn’t excuse treating each other like shit, though. John’s rather had enough of himself suddenly.
Sherlock shuts his eyes against the truth of John's words, against the pain of knowing he's going to be walking away from this in a few hours. To try and preserve it, to make sure they're safe. To make sure
"If you must know, I'm cataloguing your laughter." Sherlock was going for haughty, but it definitely came out as awkward and slightly embarrassed instead.
“I told you I would.” His voice doesn’t shake when he says it. He knows it doesn’t.
Sherlock exchanges it for the one he's made. "Well that worked out nicely, because I made yours."
Rose has the good grace to look at least a bit ashamed. “It just sort of - slipped out. I didn’t think you would mind.”
The door swung open and there he was - curls wild against the cold glass and metal of the walls, those lips just barely parted, a look of surprise and fascination in those changeable eyes He looked so. Untamed. A wild thing.
Now, properly sterilised, Sherlock’s arm lay across John’s bent knee, the pale inner skin facing up, his cephalic vein bright blue. John considered his arm, where was the best place to start. He clasped Sherlock’s elbow in one purple gloved hand and pressed the scalpel to Sherlock’s skin, not cutting yet, just holding it there. He felt very much the doctor in this moment, the caretaker, which was absolutely paradoxical and also made complete sense. He was caretaking. This is what Sherlock wanted - needed - to feel safe and anchored, and it was John's job to give him what he needed.
John opens the door to Sherlock’s bedroom and sets the lamp on a dry sink to the left of the door. Sherlock follows, looking round at another room that should be familiar, but isn’t
"I don't have solid evidence now. But I can get it."
Oh god this is amazing. That much more amazing for the surprise of it, because John had absolutely no idea when he woke up this morning that today was
There’s the little shit, on the bench beyond the rugby pitch. Sherlock suppresses a shudder. He’s easy, but so foul. Greasy, grotesquely thin, he smells sour and dirty. He’s the absolute stereotype of every pedo in a bad film. But he always has money.
They hold hands when they walk into Speedy's to get takeaway coffees, John in a pair of thrice turned up jeans of Sherlock's and a too long button down. The owner, who's known them forever, looks at their fingers laced together and smiles and gives them their coffee for nothing.
Sherlock turns, eyes big and round, hair tousled from sleep. Something's crackling between them, something John would normally identify as just needing a good shag, but this feels tetchy, fragile.
An annoyed exhalation crackles through the speaker.
He opened his mouth, shut it again. He just wanted to say it aloud, have it carried on the air. Maybe John would feel it somehow. “John, I’m coming. I’ll be there as soon as I can. Can you hear me? I’m on my way. I love you. I do."
- varying the pressure, seemingly trying to find the best way to make Sherlock swallow his own tongue.
amazing.”
His words, his praise, the love in his voice, they only increased my frenzy. I sobbed and reached back to grip his thigh, encouraging him to thrust against me. He did so, with both hips and fingers, and I cried out his name, so far gone with lust that he was the only thought in my mind, the only word I could conjure.
“Hmmm. Now.” John scratches his eyebrow and looks at the ceiling, pretends to think about it. “Now, you text Montague and tell her not to send any more cases our way. I don’t want any interruptions tonight. Then, I’m going to get my pyjamas on, and you’re going to make us drinks, and then...then we’re going to do whatever the hell we want. Because we can. Sound good to you, darling?”
He swallows, sure his cheeks are flaming red, and shakes his head. “Honestly, John, I’ve no idea.”
He feathers his fingertips wonderingly over John’s face. John kisses at them, smiles with his eyes shut. He shifts, moving down, his arm bending, and
“You’re not alone.” John whispers again, and takes Sherlock’s still mostly soft cock between his lips, digs his fingers into Sherlock’s hips.
people. I'd thought you and I were beyond that."
“Yeah?” John laughs, but it still sounds sad. His nose rubs against Sherlock’s temple.
He’s enchanting. He’s made of fucking starlight, floating down through Sherlock’s skin and his bloodstream and lighting him up from the inside out. Sherlock wants to consume him, wants to be consumed
"Like my dad? No. She's lovely, actually. My mum always liked her a lot, used to take me and Harry up for weekends. She used to live in Cairndow, near Loch Fyne. She wasn't married, lived by herself. Had this tiny little cottage, just one big great room and a loft with a ladder. Harry and Mum would sleep in this big feather bed in the loft and I'd sleep on a fifty year old army cot. Aunt Aileen would make scones for breakfast. Harry and I would go tramping about in the heather all day, getting muddy and scratched, and Aileen and Mum would bake and talk. It was quite picturesque. Dad never came."
“Oh - fuuuuu - oh my
"Well." Sherlock could hear the concession in his voice.
“Go on, then. Tell me what year it is, and I'll believe you. I promise.”
"Alright. So. Honey bees are actually a very small fraction of the world's bee population. Most bees are not honey producing, but honey producing bees pollinate over 80% of the world's crops. They're desperately important to food production, and they're dying off at an alarming rate. Beekeeping and managing the population is still done on mostly a small scale, remarkably unchanged from the birth of beekeeping almost 16,000 years ago..."
, John Watson.”
” Sherlock interjects indignantly, though he still somehow can’t seem to wipe the ridiculous smile off his face.
They had left the wedding before the cake was cut.
“Do you want to come, right now?” And the thought of that is gorgeous - Sherlock shaking and gasping, fingers twisted tight in John’s hair as his come fills John’s mouth, slides down his throat. “I want to draw it out, but I don’t want to torture you.”
John stepped into the open towel, hand still braced on the wall. Sherlock tucked it closed around John’s waist and slipped his left arm behind John’s bare back, still damp and warm from the shower. John seized his wrist, turned to Sherlock with a ferocity in his stormy blue eyes.
He was supposed to be on a fucking stakeout. Jesus.
"Who were you talking to?" John tries not to sound jealous, but he does anyway.
“I, uh, just recently took an interest.” Oh,
"I'm going to. I’m going to go to sleep now.”
Sherlock sits back on his feet, and puts the parcel on the floor in front of him, carefully undoing the ribbon. He's so wantonly beautiful. His cock standing up hard and crimson against his pale stomach, those wicked lips already puffy from arousal alone, carefully opening his present like it's Christmas morning. John feels his own face going hot.
Sherlock looks at him from under his eyelashes, raises an eyebrow. "John. I know you. I'm not an idiot."
Sherlock shrugs and throws the dish towel over his shoulder as he moves toward the sofa. “You like lasagna.”
John laughed again, the melancholy thankfully dissipated from those changeable eyes. He jumped up from where he’d been laying and brushed dried grass from the backs of his jeans. “Alright. If you think you’re up for the challenge. You ready?”
"Then you tell me. Because you always have the fucking answers." Every nerve in his body is sparking. He can't stop shaking. He will not hit Sherlock, as much as he wants to. He hit him twice in anger, and he swore he would never again do that.  His muscles are twitching for it, though. To pound his fists, to push and twist and hurt. "Because you're so much fucking smarter than I am. Right? You're the clever one. You tell me what this is about, because I swear to God, Sherlock, I have no fucking clue what's happening between us right now. I really don't."
John breathed in sharply and threw the blanket back off of them, then kicked his boxers the rest of the way off. Sherlock ran his hand up and then down John’s cock, over his bollocks, and down his left leg. He lingered there, massaging the swell of his calf, trailing his fingers through sparse blonde hair, rubbing the tightness of his anterior cruciate ligament. John had always had athlete's legs, bowed at the knees, shapely and firm and covered in tiny scars that spoke to the kind of life he had lived - spent skidding across rugby pitches, kneeling in rough desert sand, scaling alley walls in East London with a gun in one hand - but now they were even more so, every muscle defined, hardened, mouthwateringly gorgeous.
to be.
John sighed and flopped on the sofa. His stomach was growling, and his head hurt, and everything in their fucking lives led back to that wretched piece of shit Moriarty, and all he wanted was to sleep it all away. His eyes burned.
"No. I think that would be effective enough, don't you?"
"John, please, god, please," He was babbling now, he knew it, but he wanted it. Wanted to be taken, to be owned, to have John fill him up, with his cock, with his come. Oh god, how he wanted it.
“Mmmm,” comes a deep rumble behind him, and then a chilly nose presses between his shoulder blades. “Morning.”
. You do all the time.” Sherlock snaps, but there's a growing tone of exhaustion in his voice. Sherlock’s foot is bleeding where he stood on the broken mug. There’s a trail of bloody footprints overlapping each other on the wood floor where Sherlock’s paced back and forth. “And the worst part isn’t that you do it, it’s that you won’t even admit it. Won’t even admit that this is a part of you.”
Mrs Hudson sits down in a rolling office chair and pulls a bowl of stew to her as Sherlock hands John a bowl and sets a mug of tea down on the rickety side table for him. Sherlock sits across the table from Mrs Hudson, in a mismatched slatted wood chair with splintery arms. He lifts a spoonful of stew to his lips, chunks of carrot and potato, bits of parsnip, little whorls of grease spinning across the surface of the rich brown broth.
,” I said sulkily as I tugged the newspaper from his grip and allowed it to flutter to the floor, “At all hungry for
“Now what were we talking about?” John says, turning to face forward as Sherlock falls into step beside him.
“I’m not trying to save you.” John looks down at the sheets, plucks at his hospital gown. “I love you. It’s not the same.”
They had just put the star in the the reasonably priced car when John heard the front door rattle open, and Sherlock’s rapid footfalls climbing the stairs. He hadn’t even had time to rise off the sofa when the door to the flat swung open and Sherlock appeared, windblown and ruddy, his curls wild, coat still flapping a little around his calves.
with desire, and he’s not reciprocated a single thing.
John hated how much he wanted that, how much he wanted Sherlock beside him, holding his hand in the cab, solid and warm.
“Boys!” Mrs Hudson’s voice is nervous on the other side of the door. “Boys, I hope you’re dressed. There’s a policeman at the front door.”
"Yes. Blue balls is better than internal bleeding, I think." Sherlock arches an eyebrow, and John glowers at him.
“Oh fuck, you’re close. I can feel you -- that’s gorgeous, you’re
"I know." Sherlock's head was unbearably heavy all of a sudden. His thinking was slowing to a trickle, all the normal complexities of his genius dissipating into the simplicity of a crackling fire and soft lips at his ear. "I love you so terribly much, John."
He blinks, aching from the sudden influx of light. The walls are startlingly white. Sunshine streams over every surface. It’s blinding. He shuts his eyes again and listens. Gradually he becomes aware of a muted beeping noise, the shuffle of feet against a lino floor, hushed voices.
He pushes at Sherlock’s shirt buttons. “Get this off. I want to touch you.”
what he was doing would change who he was, forever. He still remembers, with perfect clarity, looking up into those bright catlike eyes and seeing in them everything he’d ever wanted. He’d known immediately that he would follow Sherlock Holmes anywhere, to hell and back again if he had to.
The irony of this is just cruel. “I always did. God, fuck, I
But you were being careful with me, and I let you be.
Propped up on his bent right elbow, Sherlock drifted his gaze over John’s sleeping form. That always shaggy blonde hair - no matter how short and rigid the haircut, it just grew in messy - was currently standing up in little spikes, which suited John’s face enough that Sherlock made a mental note to make him wear it gelled up like this later. His face was paler than usual, but his cheeks and forehead were ruddy - probably windburn - and he had a small blackish bruise at the hinge of his jaw. Those criminally long eyelashes looked even longer than usual, resting gently against the whiteness of his cheeks. The beard he’d now had for more than a year had darkened to a deep rust brown, streaked with just enough grey to look distinguished and not enough to make John look older. It was slightly longer than John normally kept it, straggling down over his Adam’s apple and curled course strands up near his earlobes. Sherlock preferred it this way, a bit wild.
"And looking at me makes it harder?"
And Sherlock alive and well and in the sitting room. He swallows down a sudden lump in his throat, though he’s smiling.
"Good, I think that's best. With all this going on, whatever you two are always up to, I think you should stay together." Her voice shook as she perched on the arm of John's chair. She cupped the side of his face, tears swimming in her eyes. "I still can't believe it. Sherlock alive, and you both here together. Really together. It's a miracle, John. It really is."
Sherlock’s coat is still puddled on the floor just inside the door, where he must have shaken it off before climbing into his chair and assuming his customary thinking pose. The sight of him squatting there, socked feet curled over the lip of the cushion, elbows tucked between his bent knees, his eyes fixed on things John can’t see, is the most comforting and familiar thing John can imagine.
"If it's all the same to you, I'll stay." She says firmly, perching on the edge of the sofa. "I'm the closest these two have to a mother right now. So I'll just stay."
Her face crumples in disgust. “No. I’m not going to call our parents. Jesus, why would you think I’d do that?”
? Tuck his hands around Sherlock’s waist at a crime scene and whisper electric against his earlobe,
John looks up, looks directly into Sherlock’s widened disbelieving eyes, and the depth of  emotion between them hits him as physically hard as a punch to the sternum. He actually stumbles backwards two steps, overwhelmed by the hideousness of this moment, the unfairness of it. A rebellious kind of fury wells up hot in his throat. John’s whole life has been so goddamned unfair, and the moment of his death is no different.
"Oh god, you're such a pain slut. You'll get more of that soon enough, too. Now, this is going to feel cold, and hard, but you can handle it." John picks up the toy and slicks it, consciously ignoring his own throbbing erection and reaching between Sherlock's legs with his other hand to cradle his testicles and press the pad of his thumb into his perineum. His shoulders tighten, a fevered shiver running through him as he palms them,  "Christ, you're full. So heavy for me, baby."
Sherlock reaches up John's back with shaking hands and curls his fingers around the thick collar of his jumper, just barely brushing the skin at John's hairline. "I want," he breathes out, and swallows, thumps his head back on the mattress, "I want this jumper off."
that."
"Yes, I know, I know. Please go on. Please. Hit me, please. Please, I want it." Sherlock's blubbering, begging. The sound of it is magnificent, stoking the fire of need in John's lower belly, his cock twitching. He resists the instinct to touch himself, instead lands a harder blow than before on the curve where back meets hip, and Sherlock sobs louder, grinds his cock into the bed and grabs desperately at the sheets.
“John,” Sherlock murmurs, reaching up and brushing his fingertips over John’s moustache, tracing the outline of his mouth. He hitches his hips up, feels the warm wet slip of John’s cock against his stretched taut skin, and draws in a shuddering breath. “
That should never have come out of his mouth. "I'm sorry, that's - I shouldn't have said that. That was a weird thing to say -- you, you didn't like that. Sometimes I say things, and I don't..."
The last months in London, he walked everywhere, took the tube. Course, even walking reminded him of Sherlock, that bloody coat smacking into his calf constantly, Sherlock’s elbow bumping his arm. Their hands sweeping past each other, a pinky curled briefly into a palm. The night sky above them, Sherlock’s long neck outstretched, his face tilted up, John smiling at him the way a person smiles at their first love. Pride in them just being alive.
Sherlock’s hand is sliding up his chest, the side of his thumb rubbing over his nipples. Those lips move up over his shoulder blades, caress the edges of his scar, drop butterfly light kisses up the side of his throat.
“Forgotten?”
"Mmmm." Sherlock wriggled a bit, knowing he was already lost. John could turn him down, not be in the mood, but Sherlock always wanted John. Every second. There was no turning him down. Still, he could tease a bit. "I don't know. I'm rather tired, honestly."
"Go to sleep, John. I'm not going anywhere."
Not John. God, he couldn’t bear for John to leave.
I’m sorry, brother dear, but I am not. M
"I've got you," John's hands, sweaty and slick, closed over Sherlock's left hand above his head. He twisted their fingers together and pressed back against the resistance of Sherlock's tensed arm as he began a gentle rhythm. "I've got you, love."
"Yes, love. I'll come with you."
John takes them in with his eyes fixed intently on Sherlock's, brings his tongue up and over them, licking round his knuckles and in between, and sucks hard, little breathy moans escaping him. His eyelids flutter shut, long lashes resting on his cheeks.
I wanted to explore every inch of your body with my fingers and my tongue. I wanted to taste you and memorise your smells and listen to you panting over top of me. I wanted to feel your muscles moving under my hands. I wanted things I couldn’t even name.
and a
“You’re just going to let them leave?” Sally’s indignant voice floats out the open door.
"Damn right you will. That's better. When I woke up and you weren't here, I felt a bit lost." It's supposed to sound like a joke. Why does it not sound like a joke?
It's too much, far too much, and John has to hold himself still for a long moment as his whole body trembles. Sherlock runs his palms up John's belly, scratches his fingernails lightly back down, and John leans over to kiss him, taking his leg with him so that Sherlock's knee is at their shoulders. It makes the angle so deep - so incredibly deep - and they both shudder as John slips his tongue into Sherlock's mouth, sucks at his bottom lip.
." John leaned up and pulled Sherlock's head round for a deep kiss, and then drifted softer kisses over his jaw and neck as he laid back down, "Goodnight, you ridiculous beautiful thing."
It had been a glorious way in which to spend the week before they got married, which was now in just two days. The tuxedos were hanging in black vinyl bags on the wardrobe, their shoes lined up underneath, polished and glossy. There had been a slight hiccup with the catering, which Sherlock had been in a plain strop about for about eight hours yesterday before John smoothed it over. Now everything was set and in place, and they would be exchanging wedding vows on Saturday afternoon. If they were going to go through with this plan prior to the wedding, it needed to be tonight. It was nearly ten. Where in the bloody hell was Sherlock?
I gripped the back of the chair, bracing myself as John rubbed his nose up and down my spine. His hands were everywhere - tracing the edges of my shoulder blades, fingertips bumping over my ribs, squeezing my arse - as he worked over my back with both teeth and tongue until I was shaking. His nipping kisses ended with a gentle press of lips to the back of my left thigh as he reached to retrieve the tin of petroleum jelly.
Tonight he’s in a clean dry bed, belly full of shots and real food, and perfect wonderful elfin nosed blonde haired angelic John Watson breathing hard underneath him. He’s not even high. He doesn't even want to be or need to be. John is his storm, his drug, everything.
Sherlock jerks so hard he nearly knees John in the ear. “Oh my
, and nothing about John could ever be terrifying, except his absence.
John swipes his tongue up the breadth of Sherlock’s pectoral, nips his collarbone. He lays himself tight against Sherlock’s side, kisses his neck. He twists, stretching so he can reach into the bedside table, and sets an icy cold tin of petroleum on Sherlock’s chest.
“Well, have a bath, and then we’ll eat. I made lasagna.”
"You - you did?" Sherlock lifts his legs, one at a time, pushing the trousers off with his toes, and then hooks his ankles together around John's back. "Even, before?"
(See the end of the chapter for
But now. Now Sherlock’s breathing in soft delicate pants, his normally rumbling baritone voice transformed into little mewling cries and shuddering whimpers. His belly is quivering, shoulders shaking, as he tries to keep holding himself up to watch John kissing along the inside of his leg.
"No. No, John, you
, that he and Mycroft weren’t weird. They were
“Sure thing. I’m sorry, I just forget.” Lester shot him a nervous smile and wrapped both hands around his coffee mug. “You know, I was noticing the other day, we’re the exact same height. Funny, innit?”
yourself - ”
“You the cousin?” Accent somewhat muddled. Maybe from Essex. Definitely working class. Maybe the first in his family not to do manual labour.
Jim cocks a grin that's all sharp white teeth and sweeps his hand behind him. "Well, do come in, my pet. I expected you
"Well, you're an idiot, and I love you too."
“I’m not good here anymore, okay? I just...I can’t. I can’t be here without him. It’s eating me alive.”
John nipped at his earlobe, earning him one of Sherlock’s desperate little whimpers that made him nearly insane with need. “I mean, genius, that I realised by the time we got around to the fucking portion of the evening, we might not be in a head space to prepare in the normal way, so I took care of it for us.”
The door swings open. “Sherlock. What the hell are you doing?”
A memory flashes in Sherlock's mind of one of their last good nights together, playing video games on Jim's brand new Playstation 4, a pizza precariously balanced between them on the sunken sofa in Jim's living room. It was some fighting game that relied heavily on anticipating the opponent's next move, and they kept breaking even, their intelligence and puzzle-solving skills equally matched. They had finally turned it off at four in the morning, sore and cramped from sitting for so long. They stretched and yawned, Sherlock leaning into Jim's chest with a promising grin. Jim turned on Sherlock with eyes full of fire, knocked the pizza box to the floor and bent Sherlock backwards over the sofa, left bruises all over his neck and his hips.
“Morning.” John grins broadly and hands Sherlock a cup. “Thought you might want some real food, to fortify you for the trip home.”
. Out of his mind with fear and pain and cold, he’d screamed for him at the hospital, where no one spoke English. He’d eventually been tied to the bed with soft restraints, and as he fell into fevered dreams, he swore he could hear John’s voice, feel his lips at his ear. “You ridiculous git, what have you gone and done now? Remember when it was just the two of us against the world? I would be here with you if you’d let me. I would never have left you if you’d given me a chance. I’d never have let you fall in that river.”
“Ready.”
“Why shouldn’t I be?” John spat out. Then he breathed in deeply, and chewed at his lip. His eyes drifted away from Sherlock and fixed on the whiteboard of scheduled medications on the wall opposite. He pulled his hand away from Sherlock’s and rested it on his stomach. “Actually, we need to have a conversation, before I lose my nerve. And I need a cigarette for it. Open the windows?”
“I’m real. I’m real, and so very sorry, John. I should have told you from the beginning. I listened to the wrong people, I should have...” Sherlock’s lower lip quivered, and John was overcome with the need to touch it, to comfort him, the caretaker in him reemerging.
at the match every now and then. Sherlock watches her, instead of the match, takes in how her nose is just like John’s, the speckling of freckles over her nose and cheeks, her long reddish eyelashes, chipped black nail varnish and soft leather engineer boots. Her intelligence radiates off her. Sherlock can almost smell it. She's got the self confidence of someone who truly doesn't care if anyone likes them, doesn't care what other people think. He likes her. He never likes people right off, never.
“Is this a loo?” His voice echoes brightly off the tile walls, too loud in the quiet room.
is implicit in his tone, in the way he tilts his head and pets at John’s face with his free hand.
“You are. The
"Then we won't."
John, don't make me blush in the morgue.
“What?”
John looks around the flat warily, peering round doorways. It’s cleaner than one would expect, tidy and uncluttered. White leather sofa, glass topped coffee table with a stack of money sitting on it. John points at the money, eyebrows raised.
"Well." Sherlock shrugged and winked.
They throw the shots back, John choking a bit on the strong drink, and Sherlock yanks John out into the throng of the dance floor. Sweaty bodies, moving in time with each other, always that one outlier who’s doing whatever the hell he wants to do, stoned off his nut. John just stands there, looking amused and a bit uncomfortable.
“I fucking
. With Sherlock. Not again. So don’t you goddamned well sit down on the job like you did with Moriarty, you hear me?”
Sherlock shrugs. "I love you. I want you. I want you now, this afternoon. I just want it to be deliberate. I
been afraid of it before, but I’m ready to not be.”
Now they’re here, with John’s perfect lithe little body spread out beside him, and far too many unwelcome thoughts rushing confusedly through his fatigued mind, and all he can do is peel his clothes off and clumsily crawl up over John’s back, kiss at his shoulders and the nape of his neck, and breathe him in. He smells like fresh air and tobacco smoke.
Sherlock smiles up at him, his lips rosy and plump, eyes already hazy with arousal. Two large hands snake around the back of John’s head and pull him down into a hungry kiss, Sherlock’s tongue sliding wet and wine-sweet against his own. Every emotion that’s surging through him pours from his mouth directly into Sherlock’s, through their shared breath, in the little gasps and whimpers pressed against each other’s lips.
“Oh god, oh god, oh god,” John’s voice rises, quickening, as he goes shakingly tense and clenches down hard all around Sherlock.
John thinks, and turns, intending to stare them down. A stone drops into his gut when he makes eye contact with the one directly opposite him.
"John -" A coil of arousal was building low in his pelvis, his thighs going hot. There seemed to be no end to this want inside him, this profound need for John, all the time. He never had enough, even after nearly three years of being together this way, the want never abated.
“I know, John. I
John laughs loud and deep as he reaches up to get three coffee mugs from the cupboard. “Harry, how did you even know we were here?”
you.” Sherlock said again, in a hush, both wanting to wake John and not to wake him. He pulled the blankets up over his shoulders and draped himself against the side of John’s body, knee to knee, shoulder to shoulder, Sherlock bent slightly at the waist to make up for their height difference. He tucked his nose under John’s jaw and inhaled, smelling the ghost of John’s shampoo, the sugary stale smell of last night’s beer, a bit of mouthwash.
together.”
"You can tell me, sweetheart."
Sherlock played along, looking up at John with wide innocent eyes, and taking his mouth off his cock long enough to murmur, "I didn't learn it anywhere. This is my first time with a prick in my mouth."
Sherlock's smile glimmers into something predatory. "Well, not entirely...Did it work?"
"And what did you think you'd be doing, John?"
“I love you. Beyond reason, beyond measure.” John’s teeth scrape lightly over Sherlock’s pulse in his wrist. “I love you so much I can hardly bear it.”
“You’re welcome again. I’m glad I was there.”
The waitress reappeared bearing another coffee, and thumped it down in front of the man, but her eyes were on John. “Get you boys somethin’ to eat? We got a real nice omelet with ham -”
Someone else’s life. Now he was being tormented with memories of it, as if he didn’t do a good enough job of it himself. Shit, it had been five minutes. Lester was walking out of the diner. John skidded on the ice, trying to get quickly into car, fumbled the keys and they slipped under the car.
“I love you, you know,” John whispers into the dark. He can barely see Sherlock, just the thick wave of his salt and pepper hair against his face, the glimmer of moonlight against the milk white skin of his nape. “I love you so much I can’t see straight sometimes.”
The next nip is more a bite, John’s teeth tugging at the sensitive skin on the inside of Sherlock’s thigh hard enough that Sherlock yelps in pain. His eyes fly open. John grins wolfishly - his eyes dark and predatory. He licks over the red rectangular indentations, brushes his mouth against them in almost a kiss. Then he does it again. Sherlock’s leg curls up against the pain and he can’t stop himself from pushing at John’s head. John looks up, his eyes wide and black, his mouth rubbed pink.
Sherlock knew he was intelligent. A med student. Fascinating. “A GP?”
“It’s just...I’m just wondering if we have
John laughs, and his shoulders drop a little as they round the corner of the building and set off across a lot where grass is trying to grow amidst the rubbish. “Hounslow. No where special at all.”
"Mmm hmm." John plants a firm kiss in the center of Sherlock's shoulder blades and rubs his nose up and down. "I really do."
"Are. And for the record, I'm certainly not grouchy. I'm quite content, actually." John wriggles closer, snakes his hand down under the sheet covering Sherlock's lower half, and squeezes his bare arse playfully. "Thats the point of a lazy day in bed, Sherlock. It's fun to just cuddle and - mmm - fool around, and sleep awhile - then - mmm - do it all again --"
that Sherlock can see the pores on his nose...to bend his head and put his mouth on John’s. They’re kissing before Sherlock even registers that they are, John humming against Sherlock’s lips and nudging their noses together. John’s mouth is warm and dry, the only wetness between them a gentle flicker of his tongue against Sherlock’s bottom lip. He tastes of apple pasties and bergamot, and he kisses with quiet passion, slow but purposeful.
“Oh, god, Sherlock. Jesus fucking Christ almighty, you look so beautiful sucking me off, so beautiful,” John’s fingers flew through Sherlock’s hair, desperate and shaking. He sounded raw, on the edge of the kind of emotions they both avoided discussing.
“...and that’s how I realised he’d actually been blackmailing the Polish ambassador. After that it was easy. Lestrade and I were just finishing up, and then I couldn’t get a cab, and the tube took a while.” Sherlock looked up at him with bright eyes, his long dark lashes casting shadows on his eyelids in the flickering blue light from the telly. “You weren’t even actually listening to me, were you, John?”
After they’re done, crumbs wiped up and delicate round tops places back on the teacups, John helps Mrs Hudson gather the dishes and walks her back downstairs. He re-enters the flat with a sleepy sigh and a tender smile that reminds Sherlock of the night he came back to him, the night he came home.
"I wanted you - to come home - I wanted you not have left in the first place." Sherlock turns his head, awkwardly kissing at John's temple, rubs the flat of his hand down John's ribs, slow and deliberate. "I couldn't stop thinking - about you - how you
John. He’s not earned this kind of devotion. But he
"Don't apologise. It's completely unnecessary."
“Take off your shirt. And your shorts. I’ll be right back.” He’s so heavy and drunk with desire, he can barely slip off the bunk and cross the tiny room to fish a condom and some lube out of his bag. He drops his own jeans to the floor, tosses them over a chair, and turns back around.
During this whole rapid fire exchange, John’s eyes never left the man’s face. Nor did the man break eye contact with John. There lived behind this man’s calm brown eyes a menace that was all too familiar. This man would do someone harm without batting an eye, without remorse, and he would do it well. This was a man who would eviscerate someone without breaking a sweat. He would melt into the background, a face no one would remember, if he wanted to. Far from making John nervous, there was a burgeoning respect for a man who was bristling with danger, but only if someone knew how to look for it. It was the kind of man John had become.
- the most beautiful moment of John’s life when he has Sherlock like this. Every time.
“Aw, Doc. It was just a joke. Relax.” Owen was looking at him like he’d never seen him before.
“Well, I’ll have to stop doing things like that, then.” Sherlock lowered his lashes and looked up at John.
On a rainy Sunday morning. I woke with your hands already on me, your mouth hot against my shoulder.
“You’re much more articulate in writing.” Sherlock absently circles John’s right nipple with his index finger, flexes his toes against John’s calf.
Everything reminded him of Sherlock. Breathing did. Every inhalation, exhalation. Every expansion of his lungs was something Sherlock would never do again.
“I didn’t.”
“Nearest cheap motel.” John ignored the persistent chirping of the phone and rested his forehead against the smeared glass of the cab window. The cab started, jerked, pulled out into the ring of the airport road. They left the airport and merged onto a sprawling four lane road, the silvery skyline of Minneapolis laid out in the distance.
Sherlock doesn’t ask why this time. This has gone beyond questioning it. For the first time in years, he doesn’t even want the drugs. He wants to sit up with John all night long and talk and watch the river and smoke. His body is screaming for them, though, and he can no longer deny himself. He puts needle to skin, lets his eyes fall shut, feels the pop, the coolness and then the burn as he depresses the plunger.
Sherlock is nearly undone right then, the searing desire and playful affection in John’s eyes cracking him apart inside. He presses his mouth against John’s, licking at the seam of his closed lips, and John opens them immediately, sliding his tongue against Sherlock’s and licking, licking desperately into his mouth, making harsh bitten off little noises. John’s body hitches forward, and his cock nudges against Sherlock’s, which is jutting obscenely out of his unzipped jeans.
Sherlock hitched his hips into John's touch, his arm still resting slack against his lap, blood pooling in the crease of his bent knee, and moaned, his eyes falling shut and mouth dropping open. He licked his lower lip as John wrapped his hand around his cock and stroked.
They get a case the next morning. The DI that trained under Lestrade, Wendy Montague, calls at 6am with a triple murder that somehow happened overnight in a posh shop on Oxford Street while tourists trailed by in droves. The bodies had been arranged like mannequins in the window.
Before he can react, Sherlock whirls and backs him up against the stairway wall, capturing his mouth in a ravenous kiss. John arches up into it, twining his hand into Sherlock’s hair, and they’re biting at each other’s mouths, the tension from the cab ride breaking over them in this brutal crush of teeth and tongues. Sherlock yanks John’s jacket over his shoulders, pinning his arms to his sides for just long enough for John to register that he rather likes his arms restrained while Sherlock’s licking frantically at his throat, and then Sherlock shuffles back and pulls and the jacket crumples to the floor at their feet.
“Mmmm. Yes.” Sherlock was fading now, his breathing getting slower, humming little contented noises every few seconds and curling into John like a cat.
Finally Sherlock pulls back with tingling lips and looks at John, sloe eyed and stubble burned, his mouth chapped and swollen from sucking Sherlock off, from kissing for twenty minutes solid. He’s absolutely gorgeous, the most beautiful thing Sherlock’s ever seen or will ever see, and he belongs to Sherlock. Sherlock belongs to him.
again, which is both unexpected and achingly welcome.
The book had been filled with pictures of John as a teenager, ticket stubs from concerts, a few programs from plays, scrawled notes passed under desks, interspersed with a few pictures of Harry, red haired and surly in Doc Martens and ripped jeans. John was golden and muscular, shining white teeth and rugby jerseys. Pictures filled with other boys who looked much the same, all piled together and grinning at themselves, at the ease of their joy - a tourney win, a girl to snog in the back of a car, a few pints with the lads - their lives so careless and untroubled.
Sherlock doesn’t argue. "Yeah. I want that too."
He licks a stripe up John’s neck, purrs in his ear, “You have all the money, Daddy.”
Twenty minutes ago they were laughing with Harry and smoking and drinking cold coffee out of chipped secondhand mugs.
“Holmes?” Sherlock laughs and sits up, reaching over to turn on the side table light. “What are you on about?
“Christ, how long was I asleep, Sherlock? Where are we?” John rolled down the window, thrust his arm out into the cool misty air. He held his hand up, fingers spread, and allowed the wind to buffet through them.
“Don’t move, you got it?” Ginger whirled on them, finger raised. “Oi, Lightburn. I’m needed in the back - take these two
about my foot! Are you even listening?! Why can’t you talk about it?? Why can’t you say Yes, I enjoy being in this relationship, I enjoy being in charge, I enjoy when Sherlock’s a weak little kitten who needs Daddy to spank him and tell him he’s a good boy for taking his punishment? That you need this as much as I do? Why can’t you say you need it, that you want it? What are you ashamed of?”
“Okay, Lester, just call me John, okay? We’ve been over this. First of all, my last name isn’t supposed to be Watson right now, so you say that to the wrong person, and there’s going to be some awkward questions I don’t want to answer, yeah? Also, fuck, we’re the same age. Don’t call me mister for fuck’s sake. It makes me feel like I’m your fucking father or some shit.” Lester winced every time John cursed. It gave him a perverse pleasure, made him curse more than usual.
“Um…” And suddenly the end of the scrimmage seems far too near.
“Good?” Sherlock breathes, pulling the soft skin of John’s bottom lip between his teeth as he strokes his cock slow, rubs his thumb over the the slit. God, John’s so wet, leaking everywhere. It makes Sherlock hot all over.
"Alright." John leaned back into the cracked leather and his eyes roam the flat. Now that he really looked, it was obvious Mrs Hudson had cleaned. It wasn't dusty - well, any dustier than it usually was anyway - and there was a vase of fresh flowers sitting at the end of the mantle on top of a pile of books. She hadn't moved Sherlock's mouldy coffee mug, though. Probably picked it up and dusted the disgusting thing. She always knew, somehow, even in her frenetic dottiness, exactly what both John and Sherlock needed.
quite good.”
-” Sherlock grabs his coffee mug a bit too hard, sloshing hot coffee all over his hand. He ignores his burning skin and narrows his eyes at Mike.
“Yes.” Sherlock loves kneading the dough, the feeling of it between his fingers, of it coming together under his hands.
Their eyes lock, Sherlock looking at John with sorrow and guilt.
“Did you finish your essay?” John finally says, his voice strangely loud in the hush.
believe you did that, which is even worse."
"Mmmm. Yeah. Breathing is good. I want you to keep doing that." John kisses the end of Sherlock's nose and nudges at his thighs. "Go on then."
"Well," John cleared his throat again, "Now we've established that. Tea?"
He closed his eyes. They were gritty and painful, and he was exhausted. Everything hurt. His body, his mind, his heart. Everything.
He realises, with sudden and blinding clarity that Jim has to be taken care of. He thinks of his father’s gun cabinet, polished walnut and brass knobs, oiled guns that are never used. Antiques that his father polishes with a flannel cloth when he’s feeling tense and needs to busy his hands. Never loaded. Ammunition kept far out of reach of two incessantly curious children.
“Alright, mate. You want me to ring Sherlock? See if he’s home?”
The dom in him is telling him to get Sherlock under control, not permit this kind of disobedience. The husband in him is seething with guilt, agreeing with Sherlock that he shouldn’t have made him leave. The best friend in him is telling him Sherlock just needs to get it out of his system and then he’ll be reasonable.
Finally Lestrade meets his eye again. "Alright, Sherlock. I probably shouldn't be, no, I know I shouldn't be, but... I'm listening. Tell me your plan."
He bends his leg, pushes against the mattress, turns toward John and wraps both arms around him, realising as he does that he hasn’t touched John at all. John’s been lavishing attention on him,
John hitched Sherlock’s leg over his back, the head of his cock pushing urgently at the resistance of that tight ring of muscle, suddenly slipping past it abruptly, seating him fully very quickly. They both gasped. Sherlock’s back went curved like a bowstring, John’s hand clutching at his waist, the other grasping his hand so hard he could feel his bones shifting.
“Yeah, alright.”
Tommy started singing some bawdy rugby song that John vaguely remembered the lyrics to, and he fumblingly joined in as everyone raised their glasses. He reached for another pint, untouched in the middle of the table, and took a long sip. He was going to
John started laughing. He started and he couldn't stop. He didn't know if it was exhaustion or the endorphins or what, but it welled up from deep inside him and he laughed until he was crying, Sherlock staring at him bemusedly the entire time. Finally he wiped his eyes and took a deep breath. Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him. He kissed Sherlock's lips, his eyes, his chin, and then flipped over, burrowing back into Sherlock's chest and gathering his arms around him.
“You have a really
don't." Mrs Hudson holds up her hand. "It's my pleasure, truly. You boys get settled now, show yourselves round the rest of the flat, and I'll be back up with some lunch, alright?"
Sherlock had never commented on the sudden lack of girlfriends, never once. He must have realised John wasn’t dating anymore, that every single evening they weren’t off chasing criminals and filling out paperwork at Scotland Yard was now spent in their pyjamas, often sharing a blanket on the sofa, Sherlock getting up occasionally to make a fresh pot of tea. He must have noticed John rarely spend nights at the pub with Mike, begged off when Greg invited him for poker nights. He must have noticed how John’s friendly devotion had transformed into a partnership unbreakable by anything short of death. But he never said a thing.
He pulls in a long inhalation and just goes for it. What he's never said, and always, always should have. "Sherlock. I love you. I love you so much that it scares the shit out of me. I've never loved anyone like this and I think it could destroy me sometimes. I know it could. You could. And I would let you. I know you wouldn't, but. You could. I would let you and I wouldn't care. And I want you, and I know you don't, you just don't do that, but
John hummed and moaned, reached out and fumbled in the bedside drawer without breaking the kiss. Sherlock heard the little snick of a cap being opened as John arched up, his thighs pressing tight against Sherlock's hips. John shifted to the side and down, his shoulder pressing into Sherlock's, his other arm slipped between them, and
this. How to trust someone with his whole heart, to lay himself open and allow John to see how weak and stupid and useless he can be. He
He looked so angry. So frighteningly angry.
"Still feels good, Sherlock? Even though you already --" John wants Sherlock to want it, wants him keening and bouncing on his thighs, wailing for it, "I just, I don't want to do anything that doesn't feel good to you, alright?"
John’s upper lip curls into a snarl and he turns on his heel, away from Sherlock, throwing himself into the sofa. A cloud of dust billows up around him and floats through a sliver of sunshine.
“Of course I called the police, John. I’m not
Sherlock snaps himself out of his reverie by closing his eyes and brushing his mouth over the inside John’s bent knee. John trembles and drops a hand to Sherlock’s waist, pulling him forward. The head of Sherlock’s cock nudges just inside, and John lets out a shuddering exhalation, fingers digging painfully into the soft skin above Sherlock’s hips. Sherlock pushes home slow and steady, trying not to give in to the overwhelming need to just thrust and fuck and slam John up against the counter as hard as he can.
Sherlock ducks under as deftly as he did when they were forty, and John follows heavily, wishing they were sitting at a patisserie having a horribly fattening breakfast, or lazing in bed. Or doing anything but this, really.
“Here.” John holds out his hand and takes Sherlock’s coffee mug so he can fold his long legs and duck under the sash.
"Yoo hoo!" A large brown paper wrapped package preceded Mrs Hudson through the door.
The end of his sentence is swallowed by Sherlock’s lips back on his, their hands on each other’s faces, Sherlock’s fingers in his hair. The touch of Sherlock’s body, the heat of his breath, it’s shredding him, pulling him into pieces. He feels stripped raw, as they cling to each other, sighing into each other’s open mouths, finally giving themselves over to what’s always been there right under the surface.
Tommy opened his mouth before John could speak. "Love, this one doesn't even drive. If he did, it would be stick shift, anyway,
“To stay?” Sherlock’s voice is tremulous and thin. John can feel the faint shudder along his spine, the way he holds himself rigid. Waiting. Waiting for John to say
"I could help you there, gorgeous." John's nose parted the curls at the nape of Sherlock's neck, lips wet and hot against his skin.
This isn’t who he is. He doesn’t get hung up on
is still frightening, even as they lie here peacefully in their bed.
Sherlock nods, holding back the shiver of burning pleasure that skids down his spine. God, he’s never wanted anyone like this. They haven’t even touched each other yet, and his breath is coming faster, his nerve endings already frayed and jumpy.
. It makes John feel like he's cracking open, just that little movement against the cableknit pulling him apart from his rib cage outward. This is so much, for both of them, being here together. Sherlock's been stalwart and strong since their reunion, but John suspects sex might be overwhelming for him. He twists a curl of Sherlock's hair around his finger and tries not to cry.
“I love you.” John presses hard kisses all over Sherlock’s face, whispers against his mouth.
, Sherlock. And you. You've spent the last two weeks letting me be angry with you and shout at you for lying to me, when you had - and this - and Jesus, how could you let me do that, Sherlock?"
He has never been even close to this angry with Sherlock. Not when he came back from the dead as if it had been a grand adventure that John had missed out on, not when he manipulated John into forgiving Mary even while he alone knew it was all false, not in the two years they've been a couple, never. Not in almost nine years of friendship, and all their struggles, and bickering, and occasionally screaming rows, never has John felt such all-consuming rage.
"Yeah, alright." John's voice was barely more than breath.
“I was attempting to, yes.” Sherlock forces a smile, the kind that usually scares people. It’s not that he doesn’t want to see Molly, except that he really
about to die because of me.”
Sherlock nods, bites at his mouth again. “Just - a bit slower - with your tongue -”
Watson.” I murmured, reaching a hand up to curl a lock of golden hair behind his ear.
“Mmmkay.” John snuffles, rubs his nose with his fist, sighs.
“You wore pants to bed?” John pulls back from the kiss and shakes his head fondly at Sherlock. “You really
They slip out of the door, the pounding noise and lights of the club assaulting to Sherlock’s senses after the silence of the empty loo.
“I’m up for it if you are.”
Sherlock shakes at the filthy pleasure that rolls down his spine. He’s never particularly liked dirty talk, or feeling submissive, used. But he realises as he kneels at John’s feet, inhaling the musky scent of his prick through the thin fabric, that he would supplicate himself to this man every day for the rest of his life if allowed to. There's a gentle affection lurking behind every word, making Sherlock feel dangerously vulnerable. He doesn't even know John's last name, and he's already ruined. He'll never not need this.
Sherlock doesn't say anything, just bends forward and lays his head on John’s knee. John’s fingers reflexively card through soft black curls, scratching at his scalp. Sherlock hums and wraps his arms around John’s thighs.
. Beautiful boy, look at you,” John loosens his grip as Sherlock just keeps coming, thrashing and moaning in his arms like he’s drowning. He spurts again, and again, his release splashing in warm streaks across his belly and the sheets.
changed.”
“And you know about crime scenes? You can’t touch anything. Not one thing. Not until forensics is done.”
Not this. He didn't deserve this. He'd forsaken this comfortable, good life with people who loved him for something dirty and debauched. He didn't deserve to be standing here. His chest closed tightly. He couldn't get any air suddenly, black spots swimming in front of his eyes. John's knees buckled without warning and he grabbed at the lapels of the Belstaff as he felt himself sliding to the carpet.
Sherlock’s fingers stretch up to stroke down the rough surface of John’s cheeks, his shimmering moonlit eyes filling with both heat and no small amount of awe. John’s head turns just enough to catch the tips of Sherlock’s index and middle fingers between his lips. The sharp inhalation beneath him makes his eyes flutter shut in the satisfaction of knowing that after all these years, he can still make Sherlock’s breath catch with just the infinitesimal flicker of his tongue.
"Sherlock. Get out." Jim lifts the remote and lazily changes the channel, not even bothering to glance in Sherlock's direction.
“No one,” Sherlock husks out, shoulders heaving as his head tips back into his hands. He tugs at his own hair.
Sherlock shuffles forward awkwardly on his knees, and John has a flash of himself last week, struggling to spread his knees as Sherlock wanted him to, while his jeans were bunched tightly around his ankles. The exquisite shame of that, the desperate need to please. Sherlock really was brilliant in orchestrating that to show John how it feels, the complicated nature of being a sub, how profoundly satisfying it can be to feel entirely at someone else's whim.
on the up and up, understand? If we fuck it up, and do something illegal, the whole goddamned thing is pointless.”
"Irene?" He has to ask. It seems the right moment, though he feels his body tensing already anticipating the answer.
“What?” Sherlock pulls back, blinking at John with wet dark eyes, his mouth kiss swollen and red at the edges.
"Very modern, this, isn't it?" John planted his hands on his hips and surveyed the room. Smooth white walls contrasted with a black cabineted kitchen, concrete slab counters and a glass tiled floor. The fireplace was massive, taking up almost half of the wall opposite the kitchen, grey stones artfully stacked all the way to the ceiling. Leather couches and smoked glass tables crowded around the hearth, just slightly too large for the space. The floors were the only ancient thing visible - wide wooden planks worn uneven by hundreds of years of bare feet and heavy boots - and even that was refinished, sanded and stained, gleaming with layers of polyurethane.
“More.” Sherlock looked into John’s eyes, tilted his head, and John automatically pulled on his chin. There was a beat of recognition in their gaze, and then they were kissing.
, maybe he’s got amnesia, maybe -
“So, we’re moving forward?” Sherlock finds his voice, hoarse and ragged, his head still spinning with the reality of Molly being here.
Sherlock stays quiet, reaches out and picks up his wine glass, sips patiently while John nibbles on his lower lip and tries to reform what Sherlock's said in his own words. It's fully dark outside now, the room is lit only by the pool of light cast by the floor lamp at the end of the sofa. They exist only in this space, in this moment together, the yellow glow of the light holding them in it.
You know what I meant, John.
John's getting so close, his arse tightening, thighs shaking so violently he can hardly keep up his rhythm. His stomach muscles begin to contract, a rush of endorphins making his scalp tingle and his shoulders quake. Sherlock has to come first, while John's still hot and hard inside him.
John lifts the covers and spoons up along Sherlock’s back, knees and ankles and every knobby bony part of them aligned, John’s arm casually tossed over the indentation of Sherlock’s waist. He slides his hand up until he finds Sherlock’s hand, and threads their fingers together.
"Not."
They're silent, both wondering what to say next. Sherlock speaks up first. "About The Work..."
“Good.” John presses a kiss into Sherlock’s hair and rocks up so he’s sitting across Sherlock’s thighs with his toes tucked under his calves. He runs a hand down the worn olive drab cotton of Sherlock’s borrowed tee shirt, over his peaked nipples, grinning as the touch makes Sherlock arch and bite into his lip with a moan. “I’m going to make you feel amazing, beautiful.”
"No." He answers far too quickly, sounds snappish again. He can feel his jaw working, stomach roiling. "Shit. I'm sorry. It's just. This isn't easy for me."
“Goodnight, Sherlock.” John reaches over and turns out the light, rolls on his back and brings Sherlock with him. Sherlock’s head fits into the curve of John’s shoulder, their legs slide together, bare feet rubbing, bodies locking into place as though they were created just for this singular purpose.
it, he needs to have this memory for later - John’s bobbing blonde head, his body splayed loose half off the bed, the sound of his little hums and grunts, the way his hips move restlessly against the mattress.
“Most people are idiots, John.”
"Yes, John." Sherlock scrambles backwards, sliding back onto the floor and coming to his knees at John's feet.
It takes Sherlock a few seconds of processing to realise that John’s rocking his hips rhythmically against Sherlock’s arse. And that he’s hard.
She smiled warmly at him and shook her head. “No. You’re fine. We’re not really supposed to, you know...you’re supposed to sleep in the fold out chair, but, this one. He needed somebody real bad. I guess you’re that somebody.”
John makes his way over to Sherlock and presses up against him without hesitation. “You waited.”
So he'd been texting him from disposable phones, purchased in grubby backwater stores, or stolen out of the pockets of street dealers and thugs. John had to know it was him. He had to realise no one else could know the details of their private conversations, their "domestics".
"John. It's not that simple." There's a warning in his tone, and John hears it, curls his fingers into Sherlock's palm so there's no doubt the meaning behind this.
“Yeah.” John’s breathless, his face mottled red and pink, lips swollen like ripe cherries.
. I wiped at my chin with the back of my hand and laid my cheek once again on John’s thigh, nuzzling against him, both my mind and body sluggish with arousal. My lips burned.
They’d covered most of west London on foot, John restless after their meeting at the Diogenes, unable to go back to Baker Street and just
to me, Sherlock.” Words again fail him, overwhelmed with the enormity of the love, the tenderness, the
“I didn’t mean to...oh Lorne, I didn’t mean to say your…” He looked back and forth from John to Lorne, like a child watching his parents fighting about something that he’d done.
Their new arrangement works shockingly well. John's always been a man of rules and regs. He craves order and definition. Knowing his place on cases, having his role so clearly defined, is comforting. Grounding. The first time he dares to challenge Sherlock at work is a few weeks in. John offers a different interpretation of evidence, and Sherlock entertains him for a while, becoming increasingly terse as John continues to argue his point. Eventually Sherlock turns his back and begins to walk away, a clear dismissal. John grabs at his sleeve to make him listen, and Sherlock rounds on him with fire in his eyes, his voice dead calm, "Shall I send you home, then?"
“It’s fine.” Sherlock turns his head and nuzzles into John’s hand, lips against his palm. “It won’t do to get up and run. We stay here, we take our time, like we don’t have a care in the world. I text my brother, we get an escort back to Baker Street.”
“For now. Don’t miss that package.” The man slid smoothly out of the bench seat. “I’ll be in touch.”
that. I’ve never in my life had anyone I could just be with. Just be silent with. Just be in the same room with, and say nothing, and still be together. Those things make me feel - safe. And I never did, before you.” Sherlock stops talking, and John can see him trying to sift through his thoughts, pluck the granules of exactly what he wants to say and leave the rest behind.
A rush a white hot humiliation floods through Sherlock, and he rounds on Rose. “You told Molly?”
"Morning." She smiles at him, warm and bright. "Late night?"
Sherlock doesn’t answer, just reaches his left arm out and around John, trailing his fingers along the fading wallpaper as they walk up into the flat. Mrs Hudson is remarkably and thankfully not there. They’d purposefully not told her when exactly John was coming home, hoping to avoid her well-intentioned fussing until John has a chance to settle in.
Sherlock kisses him through it, until the twitching and shivering fades into a heavy sigh and John sinks bonelessly against him. They stay that way, Sherlock watching the rain against the window as John breathes humidly against the curve of his neck and strokes Sherlock's thigh with his fingertips. Eventually John stretches, and Sherlock feels him tilting his head down.
. This man who doesn’t even allow most people to see him
She poo poos him again, "Not in the least. Just a package of cubed beef and some veggies I had to use before they went soft. Nothing special at all. But I'll get you a nice big bowl once you're settled, anyway."
"We need a -
John blinks and blinks, his face growing hot under Sherlock’s piercing gaze.
Sherlock’s never held a gun in his life.
"If my dad hasn't shut off my card, I could..." John turns to Sherlock, baleful eyes stormy with emotion. "Sherlock I don't want you to have to do
Through his shock and panic, Sherlock reaches out tentatively, winds his fingers under John’s, laying still, so horribly still, on the stretcher. He threads them together, John’s barely responding, just the barest flicker of movement against Sherlock’s hand. He bows his head down to John’s forearm. Sherlock's an atheist. He doesn't believe in god.
safe.
“You know that I...I like it a bit rough. I don’t mind pain, Sherlock. I even like it a bit. Sometimes I like it a lot. You don’t have to be worried about that.” John stroked Sherlock’s hair, Sherlock nudging up into his hand like a needy cat. “I know we haven’t really discussed the power structure tonight, but I’m feeling like you need something from me that I’ve not given you. Anything else bothering you?”
His lip was bleeding again. There was practically no intact skin left on the inside, all shreds and scabs. He worried a scab with his teeth, trying to think clearly.
Sherlock kisses John again, just because he can, and also to allow his voice time to stop quivering. “I don’t know. But I missed you.”
Warmth flared inside John’s belly, so powerfully it knocked the breath from his lungs. The thought of him on his knees in front of Sherlock, arse in the air, Sherlock seeing him plugged open, stretched wide for him, it made his mouth go dry. He licked his lips and tried to formulate words. “Patience, love. You’ll get a good look when it’s time. Now go in the bedroom and wait for me, yeah? I’m going to get us some water, and I’ll be right in.”
He scrubs his hands over his face and yawns. With the warm heaviness of whiskey suffusing his limbs, he suddenly wants to lie down and shut his eyes. The sofa and the telly sound like the perfect solution. Just as he’s setting the mug back in the sink, Sherlock’s silhouette appears in the doorway, backlit by the soft yellow light in the sitting room. His hair is a riot, a halo of fuzzy tugged-on curls, his shirt cuffs undone, standing out winglike around his bony elbows.
It becomes very clear very quickly that Sherlock isn't going to just fall into his arms and forgive him. Sherlock's jaw goes tight and he runs his fingers through his hair several times, eyes wild. Finally he looks at John, his head tilted to the side, his eyes now narrowing, "Well. I'm glad we got there, anyway. It's a start."
“Yes. Sorry.”
He was tempted. For just one black, frightening moment, but no. He could never talk about Sherlock with anyone, not even Greg. Not even Mrs Hudson. Sherlock was his. His guilt to carry, his failure, all the unspoken words and missed opportunities that had burned through the man who’d been John Watson and left this carcass in his place.
from?” It should sound rude, but it doesn’t. It sounds awestruck, which is exactly how Sherlock feels.
“Okay, smart arse, fine. Afghanistan. Now tell me how you knew. Did you talk to Kevin?” He shifts forward, hands on his hips, and chews on the swell of his bottom lip.
“Sherlock, I am not really as selfless a man as you think I am. I would never have kissed you, true, if I hadn’t thought it was the end. But not because I didn’t want to, and not because I’m so morally upstanding that I would never do that to Mary. I’ve only held myself back all this time because I thought
Stumblingly, mumbling apologies at his roommates, Sherlock crawls out of bed and slaps his alarm off, then drags himself to the common room. He’s shivering from head to toe. Luckily someone’s left a throw over the back of one of the chairs around the hearth, and Sherlock grabs it and wraps it tightly around his shoulders. He curls up in the chair, knees to his chest, and waits for Mycroft.
John slides his mouth along Sherlock's jaw, feeling weightless and helpless as Sherlock's tongue curls around his own.
“Well, still an improvement over exploding under Parliament, yes?”
"Sherlock. It could be. For a little while, anyway. We could -- have time, to sort things out. To think. You're nineteen, I'm eighteen, it doesn't have to -- we could -- we could do something else. Together." John's tone is warm, husky. He rubs his thumb over the inside of Sherlock's wrist.
“You wanting to be a Healer.”
.” Sherlock whispered, pulling back with a wet kiss and a darting tongue.
God, what they’ve been through. It would have destroyed most people.
Sherlock couldn’t believe there’d been a time he thought John was a bad liar.
"No. No lying." Sherlock pulled his hand away to reach for his wallet. "We're here."
Sherlock isn’t even sure what he likes. He likes John. He likes that John’s not miserable and angry and sobbing. He likes that John is smiling against his overheated too tight skin and that his thumb is rubbing a comforting circle against the inside of Sherlock’s left wrist. He likes that John is alive and back home where he belongs, and that John loves him. He likes that John’s
He swallows. “I said, Afghanistan or Iraq? Where were you stationed?”
into the darkness of a candle lit room. He remembers soft skin and wet mouths, the thump of John’s heartbeat against his ear.
The silence on the other end of the line is sharp and cold. John can hear Mycroft breathing.
. Mum and Dad’ll be so pleased when we can just Apparate places instead of fussing with Floo Powder and Portkeys and all that. Aren’t you excited?” Molly pauses to catch a breath, looking at Sherlock expectantly.
The only thing that’s right here
in pleasure while John trembles and curses and whimpers little
He patted my arm affectionately and quietly slipped from the room, and I was asleep before the door shut.
John reaches into the bedside drawer for the lube and another new toy he's been keeping for today. He sets them next to him, and slaps over where he just pinched. "Up on your knees. That's it, my sweet little whore. Look how well you obey me."
to be on a stakeout. Lestrade even paid him for this one - under the table, of course.
Sherlock picked up John's arm, laying across his stomach, and tapped his fingers along the edges of the bandage. He sighed, interlaced his fingers with John's, and laid their entwined hands back on his belly. "We have a very complicated dynamic, John."
for Christssake. His head is floating, dizzy and shivering, as Sherlock's tongue delves deeper into his mouth and Sherlock's arms are suddenly closing around him, warm and real and heavy, and Sherlock's murmuring against his mouth.
"John."
“Yeah. Thanks.” John smoothed the sheet back down. “Can you just? I still can’t really...I just need you right here.”
“He’ll kill you first.” Sherlock says unapologetically, touching his fingertips to the wound on John’s belly. John has to understand.
Sherlock tosses his cigarette, and it hits the front door in a shower of orange sparks.
Sherlock lets out a long exhalation, rolls his head on his neck slightly and presses his shoulders back. “I - I. I’m tired, John.”
between them. But John knew it wasn’t simple friendship. He’d had friends, lots of them, and he’d never felt like this. This was
There's something. Something rough and bumpy and unexpected, as John's fingers slide over the curve of Sherlock's shoulder blade. Sherlock stills, going tense under John's hands.
They come at the same time, Sherlock’s body completely given over to it, his eyes rolling back as he keens and twists against the pillows. His arse muscles contract around John’s cock, and he can feel - god he can actually
Another conversation with Sherlock came crashing through his subconscious, the pain of Sherlock’s voice so real, it felt like an aneurysm bursting in his brain.
“It’s okay, it’s okay. I’m sorry I bit you - didn’t mean to. But listen. Are you listening?”
Sherlock falls back against the damp tile wall, crouched in a ball, his knees drawn up to his chest in the darkness. He can’t stop shaking. The paramedics are bent over John with bandages and gloves, an IV bag. Everyone’s moving both incredibly fast and far too slow. Sherlock wants to shout at them, order them to hurry up, get John to the hospital.
John slips his fingers out and surreptitiously wipes them on the sheets in the vee of Sherlock’s legs. He nudges Sherlock’s thighs wider with his knee, crawls in between them. “Ready then, love?”
They take a black cab from the hospital to Baker Street, the kind Sherlock used to ride in with his parents when they were in London for a weekend of theater and expensive dinners. The smell of it, leather cleaner and air freshener, underlaid by the odor of spilled petrol and too many drunken uni students on a random Friday, reminds Sherlock powerfully of his parents. And Mycroft.
“Not too sensitive?” John gave an experimental thrust, one hand now at my hip and the other brushing lightly over my nipples.
Someone opens the car door. He opens his eyes, looks up to see a strong muscled back in a sweaty red tee shirt and blonde hair sticking up all over, a halo in the glow of the street light.
"I love you, too." Sherlock pulls John's face to his, rubbing his open mouth over John's, running his hands down over the taut muscles of John's torso. Yes. Just one last time. Before everything could go horribly wrong.
The scope of his own lack of self awareness is staggering. What a completely arrogant and self-serving prick he’s been washes over him so hard and fast it nearly knocks him to his knees.
right now. All he can do is
Sherlock runs his hands over his chest, slides around his back, dives his arms over John’s shoulders and nuzzles against his earlobe. “Relax, John. Loosen up.”
"Yes, of course, sweetheart. Of course. I wouldn't leave you alone." John pulls the covers back, arranges the pillows, and lays down.
"God." Sherlock could barely breathe. He was being choked by his desire, by the spiraling burn of want that was constricting his lungs. "You're gorgeous."
"Certainly." Mycroft pockets his phone again and leans forward. "Did you make contact with anyone other than Malvo?"
The domesticity of the message is soothing to his still slightly jangled nerves, and he reads it over several times before crawling out of bed to get a shower.
"Of course, love." John kissed the end his finger, stared into those one of a kind eyes, which were now watching him with a sympathetic expression.
“Not if you, or anyone else, is in immediate danger. The brain work, yes, absolutely, I will shut my fat mouth and never ever again interfere. Even if you’re falling over with exhaustion, I will be a good boy and just silently bring you coffee. I will do everything you tell me to and nothing that you don’t. But I’m the muscle in this, right? And I love you, and you’re my husband. So. If someone’s got a knife at your throat, don’t think for
, like this. You’re not the only one who can deduce people.” John wiggles his eyebrows in such an exaggerated way that it takes them both out of the intensity of this moment, fractures the pressure that had been building inside of Sherlock into something relatively more sustainable.
. It's abhorrent."
"Please don't leave." Desperation floods through John. He wants to fall on his knees, wrap his arms around Sherlock's hips, bury his face in his clothes and cry and beg, make him stay, make him forgive him. Every ounce of confidence and dominance in him has dissolved into panic. "
“So you want me to keep an eye on this person, pass
“Me neither.”
John ends up not sleeping. He just stares into the fire until it dies, until his eyes are heavy and stinging, until his arse is numb and his leg aches, and stares at the cinders as they burn away to ash.
"No. Not doubt. Just. How do we
“Mmmm, didn’t mean to fall asleep.” Sherlock mumbles, rising up off the couch and drifting toward the bedroom.
John sagged against Sherlock’s side, and allowed Sherlock to stroke his arm, his hair, his face. He didn’t say anything else, and they lay that way for what felt like forever, and not long enough. There didn’t seem to be any urgency on John’s part to hear Sherlock’s explanation, and Sherlock didn’t want to overwhelm him by just spilling out every detail. John sighed occasionally, made quiet humming noises, his fingertips lazily tracing figure eights on Sherlock’s thigh.
“Hmmm.” John grunts, so tired he’s on the verge of feeling nauseous, the room spinning a little.
John puts his left hand against Sherlock’s hip and pushes up a bit more on his right elbow, licking more forcefully, salt on his tongue. “I have been waiting so long to do this. Jesus Christ.”
"I do. I do more than
we shouldn’t have left last night!
arse, you know.”
Neither of them is able to move for long moments, but lay sweatily pressed together, John’s heaving stomach fitted in the curve of Sherlock’s spine. Eventually John shifts, slipping gently from Sherlock’s body and sweeping a soft kiss against his neck.
Sherlock's hand brushed his sleeve. "John?"
"Nope, you're more than tipsy. You never call me husband unless you're drunk or sick." John tightened his arm around Sherlock's chest. "I love it, you know."
“Why don’t you date him then?”
There’s no response to that that doesn’t sound completely inadequate. Sherlock’s throat is so tight with emotion, he doesn’t think he could talk anyway. So he just pulls John
The conversation with Sergeant Lestrade plays over in his mind on the lift to the floor where John is. Lestrade wasn’t overly brilliant, but very thorough, and definitely didn’t buy Sherlock’s story about being from the Cotswolds. He had too much of the wary city boy about him, the track marks on his arms obvious in his short sleeved tee shirt. Sherlock got the feeling Lestrade hadn’t bought much of what Sherlock had told him, his eyes continuously flicking to the track marks, his sunken eyes.
John is
“I do this. if you’re going to stay here with me, you have to know...I’m...this is what I do. You can watch it if you want, but I’m going to do this whether you’re standing there looking at me or not.” Terrifying to say. Is this the moment? The breaking point? John throwing his torch down in disgust and disappearing into the night?
Sherlock shoots Molly the most withering stare he can muster. “It’s your move.”
I let my eyes fall shut as I breathed him in, turned my face and kissed at the hollow of muscle above his knee. I felt more than half intoxicated, by the masculine smell of John’s arousal, by the feeling of his soft skin under my lips. His hand fell gently into my hair, scratching at my scalp with his short nails, and I rubbed up into his touch like a cat would to his master.
She bustles in with a large wooden tea tray, cups and saucers in a sensible blue and white pattern, a mountain of baked good teetering on small plates. The scent of baked apples fills the air. She turns to set it on the breakfast table, and catches Sherlock’s eye. She looks exactly the same as always, her flyaway hair and a merry twinkle in her eye. It makes Sherlock’s chest ache.
“What, love?”
“Oh, that’s shameful, truly. How dare you not bake fresh bread, you lazy sod?” John teases, finally feeling their normal ease with each other returning.
“Fuck yes,” John grits out, his upper lip curled almost in a snarl, and pushes Sherlock hard up against the nearest wall, his muscular thigh insinuating between both of Sherlock’s and nudging at his balls. Sherlock jerks and curls forward, gasping at the sudden rush of pleasure coursing through him. John flexes his leg, grinds his hips against Sherlock's, and licks a stripe up the side of his neck.
John’s head falls back against the glass, forgetting for the moment that they’re about to die. Sherlock’s mouth is on him. Sherlock’s mouth that just uttered the words he’d never thought he would hear. Sherlock loves him. The entire world could explode right now, sod the damned train car. Nothing matters but this.
“I wish more than anything that I could have told him what happened. But I can now.” Molly squeezes Sherlock’s elbow. “I will now. I promise.”
"John - " Sherlock's hands are rubbing hot paths on John's thighs again, his words low and desperate.
"I thought we could - kind of - ease in." John clears his throat. He knows he's been hesitant, knows Sherlock's been silently patient. "I know we haven't tried anything...new. I just thought we should let the dust settle before we introduced something...Like what we talked about."
“Watson? Holmes?”
"Play games."
He's never not solved it. Never not fixed it.
. “I want - ”
, and he laughs at himself, because maybe what he actually said means the same thing right at the moment, and thrusts
As he tossed the cigarette down to the kerb, he saw the contact from the other day sitting in the diner with a mousey blonde haired guy. Must have been the guy on the phone.
“Masturbate?’ John grins and tips Sherlock’s head up. “No need to be embarrassed about it. I’m not.”
John's eyes bore into his back as he shuffles the dresser forward to see if there's an outlet behind it. He's waiting for an answer.
safe. It's frankly terrifying. What if he gets it all wrong? He's not, historically, been good at this. He's learning to be, he’s beginning to understand how to navigate the wild storms that lurk inside of this man he loves so intensely, when to pull back and when to let out the sail, but it still requires so much thought and effort. John's always been a complex man, but now he's fragile and unpredictable as well, and Sherlock isn’t naturally empathetic.
Alright. Wait just a moment. M
"Wasn't planning to. Bit hungry, actually. Want to get cleaned up and go downstairs, get some breakfast and more coffee? Like a date." John realises as he's saying this that an hour ago they were not a couple and now they are. Now when they go to Speedy's for eggs and toast and sit across the table from each other, John will hold Sherlock's hand next to the salt shaker, and Sherlock will rest his foot in between both of John's, and they'll be
"Oi! Stop your shit, Sherlock. You wanna fight, let's fucking fight. Let's fucking tear each other a new one. But you can leave your snide little asides at the fucking door, yeah?" His accent's changed, the lilt he took on in the army, in med school, slipping back into an East London working class drawl. Always comes out when he's spitting mad.
Sherlock looks up, eyes wet. He digs his fingers into them and rubs his nose with the back of his hand. "I did too."
Finally John rolled onto his back and pulled Sherlock over to rest against his side. His fingertips traced patterns drowsily over Sherlock’s back, turned his head every few minutes to kiss Sherlock’s sweaty hair. Sherlock loved this part, the after, their limbs sticky and tangled, heavy with blood flowing back into them, their heads blissfully clear for a little while. Eventually John stumbled into the bathroom and came back with a washed face and a wet towel, wiped Sherlock off, and pulled his pants back on. He climbed back into bed and spooned up behind Sherlock, gathering him to his chest, and rubbed his face into his shoulders.
“I don’t know. Let’s just finish our cigarette and then we’ll decide.” Sherlock smiles, hands John back the cigarette.
"Ah. You
, how'd they'd felt all along. The food comes and they eat quietly, sip their coffee and stroke each other's fingers.
Sherlock opens his eyes, able to only just make out the outline of the curtains at the window. The sitting room is dark, darker than it should be. Perhaps the streetlights are out. The room smells different too - smoky and woody, with an underlying scent of cherry tobacco that reminded him of his father’s study. The soft crackling of embers emanates from the fireplace.
He’d lit one. Smoked it. Lit another.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. Honestly.” For once, her smirking face is serious. She looks genuinely apologetic.
John makes a gruff sound in his throat, his shoulders tightening. “Well, I guess we just wait.”
"So am I. It was a rough conversation. Might take him out tomorrow night again, if it's alright with you."
“Very well.” Mycroft takes a seat across from them and pulls his chair in, leans forward across the glossy finish of the huge table. “You realise this is all completely off the record. You were never here, we never spoke, and this certainly doesn’t have anything to do with Jim Moriarty.”
Sherlock goes to reach for John’s cock, which is still hard, but John shakes his head and whispers, “I’m okay. It’s fine.”
He sucked in a hard breath, the air cold in his lungs. He stood there for a few seconds longer, as though if he stared long enough, John would know he was there.
Two pairs of socked feet resting next to each other on a rickety coffee table, the blue flicker of the television. Sherlock’s head heavy and solid on John’s shoulder. A greying beard in the bathroom mirror.
"That's it, my dear, that's it,
about anyone, and it feels like his entire future hinges on this moment.
Sherlock looks down onto the square in the middle of the housing estate. The children are beginning to drift inside, pipes and balls left carelessly on the concrete. The parents are saying their goodnights, smoking their last cigarettes. Everyone here so lost and listless, by the time they’re five they’ve given up on having anything better. When Sherlock was five, his mother told him he could be Prime Minister if he wanted. That he was brilliant, beautiful. Her perfect little cherub. She brushed his black curls with a horsehair brush and kissed him on the forehead before he went to school. Mycroft read to him, books about physics and chemistry, curled on the floor with Redbeard at their feet, cosy by the grand marble fireplace that always seemed too large for the rest of the house. His father ruffled his hair, told Sherlock he was smarter at five than his old dad could ever hope to be.
Clenching his hand so tight he was afraid of drawing blood, he closed his eyes. You can’t beat the shit out of the guy today and fuck him tomorrow, John. Well, at least, it severely lowered his chances.
John's hand sticky and warm and perfect on his hip. John's back sweaty against his belly. John pale and far too still on a stretcher.
, John - ”
He’s wearing a black leather coat that fits as though it was tailored just for him, and a purple turtleneck that would be garish on anyone else but looks posh as hell on Sherlock. Those languid curls John loves are mashed under a grey knit hat pulled down over his ears, glittering with quickly melting snowflakes. Sherlock pulls out the chair opposite John and sinks into it, folding his long legs elegantly under the small table.
“Yeah. Seems a lifetime ago, doesn’t it?”
"Yeah, baby, yeah." John breathed out, tugging gently at Sherlock's curls. "I'll feel like an arse, but if you want it, you know I'll do it. Got me wrapped round that finger, after all."
By the time they gather their quills and parchments and head down to dinner, the sky is growing dark, the ragged black outline of the Forbidden Forest illuminated by the setting sun. They drop books and bags in the dormitory and then thunder into the Great Hall with the rest of the school. The cavernous room echoes with laughter and chatter, with the clinking of silverware against pottery.
I panicked.
The grin slipped off of John’s face as he gazed down at the house, and his eyes filled with a thoughtful melancholy. He scratched unconsciously at the stubble under his jaw, licked at his wind reddened lips. Sherlock inched forward, possessed with the need to touch him, to make that creeping sadness in his eyes retreat. John instinctively leaned back as Sherlock wrapped his long arms around John’s waist.
John sucks at Sherlock’s skin and tongues at his throat, and he can’t help his hips rolling against Sherlock’s hip, his foreskin sliding over the head and back. He’s immediately shivering, electricity spiraling down his limbs, making his fingers twitch and his toes curl. Sherlock turns and puts his hand on John’s hip and then his thigh, and then pushes him flat on his back with purpose. John’s cock is red and wet, laying heavy against the paleness of his belly, and Sherlock kneels over him, rubs his hands over his thighs and his chest, skimming over his cock just enough to make John rock his hips up in response and sob when there’s nothing there to push against.
But it’s impossible to separate himself from the pleasure absolutely
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” John's voice breaks into a shuddering whimper, one last pulse of his cock landing a spray of come across Sherlock’s left cheekbone. He dips two fingertips into the mess on Sherlock’s face, shoves them into his open mouth. Sherlock instinctively shuts his eyes and sucks, and John hisses through his teeth, “Christ, you are fucking incredible. That was incredible.”
No. Lester wasn’t playing him, wasn’t lying. It was Sherlock.
Mycroft really couldn’t make anything worse.
When John walked in - slightly off balance and red in the face - a few hours later, Sherlock was still curled in his chair, contemplating. He had moved enough to fix himself a cup of tea, which was now steaming on the floor beside him.
"I really don't want to do this now, Sherlock."
“John.” There was a voice at his ear, but it wasn’t the nurse. He turned and squinted. Huge blue eyes stared back at him, a quirky smile on Lester’s mouth.
"I don't know what it is about this beard, but I am never shaving it off."
"Have you? Before? Shit, I'm sorry, I'm kind of killing the mood here, but I want to make sure you're alright with...everything." John thumbs over Sherlock's mouth, dipping the pad of his finger into that ridiculously gorgeous cupid's bow that's always made him crazy.
"That's gorgeous, John. Oh, I can feel it. Inside me, I can
It’s so debilitating. “I was -- I thought you were going to --”
“Alright, Mr Winston. I just need to, uh, make a copy of this, and we’ll sign some papers, and you can drive her right off the lot.”
“Yeah.” The man’s voice is already breathy.
“Yeah, sounds good.” John kisses Sherlock back as they turn towards the hallway, and tries not to think about the fact that Sherlock yet again managed to avoid saying
“Why not? Fuck them. Fuck anyone who looks at you like that.” Sherlock’s twisting backwards, watching them walk away.
Another forward, a burly black haired Northern Irish pediatrician named Tommy Sheehan, sidled up between John and Owen. His pale skin was ruddy, his normally sharp eyes unfocused. He draped an arm around each of them and grinned at John. "Not so bad for the oldest bloke on the team. Bet you'll be hurting tomorrow, though, old man."
John shifts his weight, brings his knees up against Sherlock's arse and leans forward so  they can kiss, bending him nearly half and their kissing is sloppy and uncoordinated and John can feel Sherlock's heart beating against his own chest.
"We don't have to talk about it tonight." Sherlock's hand tightens on John's knee.
"Here. I made yours." John holds the mug out, and it feels like a peace offering.
The clatter of schoolbags and football cleats.
“No,” I managed to choke out, through the full body shudders that were now wracking me. I was absolutely alight with sensation, every square centimetre of my skin tingling, the tight heat between my legs nearly unbearable. My cock was leaking copiously, beads of pre-ejaculate running down my length, wetting the insides of my thighs, and my abdomen was shakingly tight, but I couldn’t come from this alone, which John well knew.
“Alright.” John puts his hands on his hips and looks down at Sherlock. “All set?”
John, conversely, seemed to be growing heartier with every step. He’d shed his cable jumper at least an hour previous, and it was now tied around his waist, flapping gently against the backs of his knees as he skipped from root to rock. His cheeks glowed with exertion and there was an alert calm in those seawater blue eyes that Sherlock rarely glimpsed. Despite his protestations back at Baker Street that he’d never make it an afternoon without city conveniences, he seemed entirely at home here, amongst the tall pines, surrounded by the scent of moist earth and composting leaves. He looked the part of the hale country bloke out for a survey of his estate. All he needed was a dog gamboling round his feet and a rifle over his shoulder.
. I like that, keep saying that.” His hand resumes its path over John’s spine.
, did you? That I haven't known where you were all these months? Come now, pet. I thought you knew me better than that. Tsk, tsk, tsk," Jim shakes his head exaggeratedly.
“Sherlock,” he growls, words barely anything but breath.
John’s arm over his waist, John’s breath soft at the nape of his neck, John’s cold bare foot tucked between his ankles. John
Tonight, as Sherlock sterilised his arms with alcohol pads, John lazily pulled on his foreskin, rolled it between his fingers. Leaned over and kissed him, nosed into soft brown curls. Sherlock had squirmed, dropped a cold alcohol swab on John’s shoulder and made him jump.
John rolled back between Sherlock's legs, running his palms over Sherlock's stomach and chest. "You certainly are," he murmured warmly, nipping at Sherlock's collarbone.
John licking his lips, his eyes wide and cornflower blue.
"I never said I was." John's head is pounding steadily now. Its like he has too much blood in his veins. Everything feels tight to bursting. "But you
He wakes up to the steady drip of rain against the window, the room lit grey and pale. John’s golden hair is all he can see when his eyes open, John’s head tipped down into Sherlock’s chest, breathing even and slow. He must have gotten up in the night and gotten a shower, gotten dressed. His hair smells like shampoo, and he’s back in the maroon button down and the dark denim shorts they bought at H&M yesterday.
"You - that was - come here," John reaches out an arm to tuck it under Sherlock's head, and Sherlock inches forward, throws his left arm over John's waist.
It was only nine. "Yeah, why not? You only live once, right?"
"It's me, what?"
John’s phone buzzed, still in his jeans folded on the chair. He stretched his hand toward it, IV lines trailing on the sheets. "Can you? I just want to see.”
“Well, hello,” I murmured appreciatively, stopping mid-stride to admire the beauty and strength of John’s body. He was muscular, but not overly so, his thighs lean and toned, his shoulders broad and thick, his stomach curved out just enough to make him self conscious about it, though I had told him more than once how there was nothing more glorious in the world to me than the feeling of his belly under my cheek. My eyes roamed over the multitude of his scars, gleaned from boyhood rugby pitches and desert foxholes, from scaling London brick walls in the dead of night, and one that was noticeably newer than the rest, white and shiny and running the length of his forearm, that he'd gotten from falling out of a boat into the Thames last autumn as we chased a suspect. His life was written on his body, and I worshipped every moment, every inch.
“John, I’m so tired. Can we talk about this later, please?”
“Shhh, okay, sweetheart. I’m sorry, sorry,” John wriggles closer, now more than half asleep.
John tries to smile back, tugs Sherlock’s head down to put their mouths together. Sherlock hums warm into his mouth, kisses John deep and unhurriedly, spinning them so John’s spine is pressed against the doorway. They kiss like they’ve no where else to be, like they could stay here forever, in the silence of this purple twilight, the very last of the daylight ribboning under the front curtains and across the faded carpeting.
, John’s stomach had fluttered with anticipation, nerves tingling. Something was happening, and he would never be the same. That’s what was going through his mind as they walked squeaky-shoed down the white corridors at Bart’s, winding their way to the lab where it all began.
Rose looks as though she’s about to say something.
“I’m not apologising. It’s simply a fact. You said it yourself, back in Bemidji - you were my protector, you were my partner, and I took that away from you without even giving you a say. I was wrong to have left you in the dark when I left England. I should have told you. I should have taken you with me. It was - a severe miscalculation on my part. And it resulted in, well, everything that we’re dealing with right now. Malvo, you…” Sherlock stops, looks away from John and lifts his drink to his lips again.
“You’ve - you’ve no right to be so quick -” Sherlock gasped, half bent over and bracing his hands against his knees. “Your legs are half as long as mine.”
“Home. They’re discharging you. Seems a fall from three stories up only warrants a month in hospital. I think it helps I’m a doctor. They’re letting me take over your care at home.” John raises his cup to his mouth, then lowers it again. His eyes look troubled.
"Turn over." Sherlock whined, wanting so badly that beard between his hands, the tiny curls twisting over his fingers. He wanted to rub his face against it, feeling it tickling on his belly, rough between his legs.
, and Sherlock’s face blooms scarlet in humiliation.
"I was. She was...fascinating. In certain limited ways." Sherlock's hands skim up John's back, and down again. He curls a foot around John's ankle. "I was in love with
Sherlock rubs his cheek against the side of John's cock, velvet smooth heat and wet at the slit. Sherlock will have to wear a condom; he's a junkie, he's had sex with god knows how many people, he'll have to be tested for months before they know if it's safe or not, he knows that. But John doesn't. John he can taste, he can lick his bare skin, taste his come on his tongue. Just the thought of that twists hot and delicious down through Sherlock's belly, and his hips twitch forward automatically, dragging the tip of his cock against John's leg.
They had
Lester cleared his throat. “Yes, sir.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock shouts above the music.
Sherlock twists and rolls between John's legs, winces as his tingling skin brushes against the bedding. Rivulets of tears cover his face, striations from the sheets pressed into his cheek. His eyes are red rimmed, soft and docile. John leans over and kisses him tenderly, touching the very tip of his tongue to Sherlock's upper lip. "Ready for a bit more?"
"I did. I got so -
“Yeah, come on, Sherlock, let it go,” John whispers, surging forward to press their mouths together while twisting his fingers in between Sherlock’s, wet and sticky with precome and John’s spit. He thumbs in figure eights over the slippery heads of both their cocks, and Sherlock sucks in a sharp breath and holds it. His entire body quakes once and he whines high pitched into John’s open mouth and arches his hips up and comes between their entwined fingers, warm and thick.
“Oh. No, that’s not -”
Sherlock’s beautiful lips twist to the side as he arches an eyebrow, clearly unconvinced. “I don’t think we should just
“No. I’m just…” Sherlock curled his fingers into the beard, stroking it, the feeling of those coarse thick curls somehow grounding. “No. Please. Now. Please.”
