Steve must have looked doubtful, because Tony kept talking. "I know it's you," he said, soft but insistent. "I always know it's you. I know it's you
Steve doesn't usually see the classic thousand-yard stare on Tony. A long, long time ago, he used to think it was because the billionaire playboy Tony Stark had never known that kind of pain, had lived a charmed life, and Steve was glad to think that there was someone in the world -- one of his friends, no less -- who got to be truly happy. He hadn't known anything. He hadn't even known about Tony's heart problem, then, because Tony had kept his shirts buttoned all the way up and never let anyone touch him in any way more intimate than a handshake.
"Mr. Stark?" Steve's voice is echoing from somewhere behind him as Tony runs. "Mr. Stark, are you all right?"
"Yes, really," Steve said, patiently. "And, yes, you. Come on, it's not like I get off staring at myself in a mirror."
And then everything snapped back to reality, because Carol was hugging him. Hard. When was the last time he'd hugged anyone? It had been Tony, hadn't it? Last week, back when he'd thought his only problem was jealousy. And maybe that was his only problem again, now that Tony was out of his life. Tony's problems weren't his. Tony had made that perfectly clear.
Most of Tony's recent armors have had thick lenses in the helmet, and this one is no exception. Steve can't see Tony's eyes. But the faceplate is tilted in his direction and he knows Tony is looking at him. He can hear Tony breathing, a little faster, struggling not to tip over the edge.
Tony sipped his tea again, shutting his eyes briefly as he swallowed. "Yeah," Tony said. His tone was very carefully neutral. "I'm getting that."
"Steve?" Tony ventured. "Everything okay there, Cap?"
Tony was an entirely different matter. Sure, none of their friends would think ill of Tony, either -- but Tony's ability to move through the world was dependent on impressing people who weren't his friends. The media had ripped him apart this week already; Steve had seen in the news that Stark Solutions had already begun losing contracts, because of Tony's reputation. And, like Tony had said, to do what he did, he needed money. If Tony wanted money for the Foundation, for the Avengers, for the latest Iron Man redesign... people had to like him. They had to. No one else at Tony's level was out. There had to be a reason for that. And Steve wasn't about to force Tony through a media firestorm because he loved him.
"Thank you," Steve says. "Both of you." But his gaze settles on Tony as he says it. He's smiling, and it's ripping Tony apart. "I know it'll be different when I remember, but I'm glad I got to see the future with you."
"I didn't." Iron Man's laugh now is softer static. "I guessed. When I thought of it, I figured I had about a fifty-fifty shot at making you either really happy or really sad, but then I realized that you never actually seemed to enjoy team trips to the movies and adjusted the odds."
, Tony. I know how you feel. You're bluffing."
I like to make the ASRS cry." He grinned. "How do you even have enough blood left to blush, honey? I know you know what we did this morning and yet I can't even get you to say the word
Steve starts to turn away, to assemble the rest of a meal as Mr. Stark walks past him, clearly absconding with his coffee. But Mr. Stark clears his throat and catches Steve's attention.
But that's why he's here. That's why he keeps coming here.
Tony pushes himself up to sitting, reaches out, and pats Steve's cheek. "Glad to hear it." He unhooks the remains of the cuffs and boots and tosses them haphazardly in the direction of the floor, and then there's something sad and faraway in his eyes again. "The big thing that's left is the chestplate, but that's also where things get ugly, so I understand if this is enough for you."
Maybe Steve wasn't cut out for this after all.
The kiss is brief but heartfelt, and when Steve lifts his head, Tony is staring at him in unmixed awe.
. I've been inside your mind. I know your secrets. I know what you've never told the world. And I'll tell them. I'll tell everyone."
But, God, right now he just wanted to feel anything that wasn't
. As in Mark Antony. There was a whole history there, likely years of friendship, stories Steve wasn't privy to. There was no reason to be jealous of that, Steve told himself. Tony nicknamed all his friends. Steve knew that. Tony had nicknamed him, too. There was no call for Steve to be envious, he repeated to himself; Tony wasn't doing anything for this fella that he didn't do for everyone else.
"Hey, Steve," she murmured. "It's going to be all right. It is."
Helpless, Tony came, hard, his world blacking out as the pleasure took him over, as he fell into the night and through the other side. When he opened his eyes, Steve was even more of a come-spattered mess, but Steve was smiling lazily up at him, and Tony figured he should get off him before he fell over.
It can't be a good thing that Iron Man's expectations are so low, but Steve smiles up at him anyway. "Nowhere else I'd rather be," he says, softly, and once he's sat up he takes Iron Man's hand and presses a kiss to his fingers. "But I think now I ought to go," he says, reluctantly standing. "I'd hate for Mr. Stark to interrupt us."
It's actually two alerts, his and Tony's identicards both ringing at the same time, in disconcerting almost-unison. They're both on top of the dresser. The dresser is all the way across the room.
He doesn't know exactly what to do to commemorate this anniversary, but surely the internet will know. The internet will have ideas. The internet will tell him what people do now. The internet may have let him down about dating Iron Man, but it can't possibly fail him again.
. Obviously he could in terms of logistics -- he'd made sure his bike could carry a passenger, because sometimes he had to in an emergency. It had never been Tony, obviously, because in an emergency, well, Tony could
Steve straightened his legs out and -- with Tony dragging him by the harness -- rolled over, wincing as his plugged, bruised, and generally-abraded ass hit the bed. "Oh," Steve breathed, eyes wide and unfocused, drunk on pleasure. "Oh, mmm. That's good. Now-- now what?"
Steve looks up and follows Iron Man's line of sight, to see smoke pouring out of an open fourth-floor apartment window. It's thick, heavy smoke, and Steve can just barely see the crackle of flames beyond. In the distance, he hears a siren, but faraway -- at least a few minutes out.
Awkwardly, Jan cleared her throat. "So what can we do for you?"
Tony swallows hard. It's almost over.
Tiberius sagged back onto the narrow bed. He wasn't even trying to get up anymore. It was over.
Because Tony didn't lose, Steve thought, the same fierce loyalty he'd always had for Tony welling up in him. Because that was who Tony was. Because all along he'd been able to come back. That was what he did. It had never occurred to Steve to wonder how. It was just who Tony was, innate and immutable.
Tony scoffed. "I'm sorry, is this actually
Tony's hand went to his sternum. "God, I'm an idiot," he pronounced, mournfully. "I never-- I'm sorry."
It wasn't much of a plan. But it was all he had.
Tony's face goes serious. He's focusing in a way he couldn't have, earlier, when it was taking all his energy just to make it through the battle. Now he can actually listen to what Steve is saying without taking every word as some kind of emotional punch.
"I don't know if you know this about me, Cap," Tony said, and there was something cruel in his voice, something cruel and mocking that had never been there before, "but I'm a pretty smart guy. I can figure things out all by myself."
"You're going to laugh at me," Tony said, mouth twisting, "but, I swear, sometimes I with my millions of dollars like to buy Ivory soap because it-- it reminds me of you." Now Tony was the one whose face was flushed.
Her expression turned even more grave, and she breathed out heavily. She was silent for a few seconds before she spoke. "I know this is a hell of a thing to ask you right now, like this, but you're Tony's closest friend--"
But then Steve stopped and looked back. "Tony?"
," Steve said, numbly. His head was ringing like a bomb had gone off inside his skull. Sound wavered in and out.
just spend a day tied up in the basement, courtesy of Baron Zemo. I'd understand if you wanted to take a pass on the chains too."
Tony smiles back, closed-mouthed. He loosens his tie, lets it hang around his neck. He undoes the top button of his dress shirt. Steve's gaze flicks between Tony's mouth, his bare throat, and gratifyingly, crudely, lower still. Tony fondles himself through his pants, obvious and showy, pulling the fabric tight over his cock. The shaft of his cock lies against his left thigh; he's hard enough that he's leaking already, dampening the fabric. Tony knows Steve enjoys knowing what side he dresses on.
If Tony was anything in this life he was an engineer first and foremost. Someone who liked to take things apart, figure them out, solve every problem they contained. You couldn't hand him a box and not expect him to want to open it. It was like sitting him in front of a button that said
"A very discreet artisan in Wakanda," Steve said. "I can give you her number if you're looking to add to your collection."
going to need that drink. Maybe two.
Fuck it.
"Lo!" Thor said, holding up something long, dark, and stick-thin in both hands, brandishing it for the rest of them. "Look upon what I have found, my friends! I know not to whom it belongs. Think ye that it is something of the Black Knight?" He frowned, uncertain, and wow, that was a
Tony's mouth works like he wants to apologize but doesn't know where to begin. "I didn't want you to. I made sure you only got to know one of me." He half-smiles. "So you see, I wasn't jealous of Iron Man. Except I was, I suppose." He sighs. "Iron Man was the one you loved."
The few pieces of art, here and there, looked like they had been purchased not because anyone specifically liked them but because they had clearly cost some money and would impress a visitor. There was an early Monet on one wall, and something abstract and multicolor that was too modern for Steve to place but that he suspected had been very expensive. It was all... overdone. And Avengers Mansion was clearly a mansion, sure, but it was also just as clearly filled with things that the people who lived in it
He crouches down next to Ghost and Steve doesn't quite understand what he's doing, but then Tony picks up Ghost's gun, switches the safety on and sets it back down. He pulls back the sleeve of Ghost's outfit at his wrist, revealing bare skin, then efficiently shucks his gauntlet, checks Ghost's pulse, then slides the gauntlet back on. He plucks the device off Ghost's belt that Ghost had paralyzed Steve with. He's holding it like it's something he doesn't want to touch barehanded.
Steve wants to ask. Iron Man's words sound so much like what Mr. Stark told him this morning that Steve wonders if Mr. Stark told him about their conversation. But it was a private conversation, and he can't imagine why Mr. Stark would have repeated it, because the only thing it would have accomplished would have been to insult Iron Man with Mr. Stark's apparently very low opinion of him.
"Oh!" Iron Man says, and his helmeted head tips down briefly in shame. "Sorry. Uh. Independent films, foreign films, experimental films. Stuff that's meant to be art, for whatever definition you'd like to use. Not Hollywood movies."
Steve scrubbed his hand over his face. God, this shouldn't have been him doing this. Tony might have believed someone else. Maybe Jan. Maybe Rhodey or Pepper or Happy. Tony wasn't going to believe him. But he was the only one who knew the truth. So it had to be him.
"I can see that," Tony said. His voice was unsteady.
What was Steve supposed to do? This wasn't in his skillset. He didn't remember if the DreamVision demonstration had included Tiberius taking the volunteer out of it. Probably not. Maybe he should call Hank. One of the Hanks. Which one, though? McCoy, probably. Beast was a medical doctor and Goliath wasn't. Also, Beast knew Nightcrawler, surely, and that meant that if Steve needed him he could be here in about fifteen seconds. Then again, so could Strange, and Strange was
for the rest of his life. He suspects he won't be that lucky. "It's Cap." His voice is strained, nearly breaking. "He doesn't-- he doesn't remember anything."
Tony's eyes went wide and impossibly dark at the same time, his pupils dilating, edged with the thinnest ring of blue. He was gorgeous. Steve had never seen him like this, and he could look at him forever. His face was flushed, reddening across his cheekbones. His lips were ever so slightly. Steve couldn't stop staring at his mouth. Tony's indrawn gasp was the loudest sound in the room.
"What--?" Steve began, but that wasn't the question he wanted. "How--?" That was closer, but somehow he couldn't manage to get the words out.
There's an amused gleam in Tony's eyes. "Yeah." He laughs. "It actually is. I just-- I don't know, I wanted a safeword that definitely wasn't going to come up in conversation. S'fun to say."
"He said I was lucky he loved me, because no one else would." Tony's voice was distant. "I believed him. I thought he was being kind to me. He--" Tony winced and clearly edited what he was about to say. "I don't think you really want to know the exact complaints he had. But it was my fault. That was what he told me. He told me I was terrible at gay sex, and it was obvious I didn't know what I was doing, but that he was willing to forgive me because he loved me." Tony looked even more wretched. "I'm willing to concede that me being incredibly, unbelievably wasted for most of the first phase of our relationship may not have done me any favors, but I was sober last week. And, well, you heard his opinion of my skills."
And then Tony kisses him again, and everything is perfect.
The other papers were much the same. Different days, different clubs, different one-night stands. Tony admired the fact that none of the headlines accompanying the photographs of him with men were particularly homophobic. Still, Fury seemed to have a bit of a theme going with his collection.
"I do," Steve said. "And I'm absolutely willing to give it a try. I've wanted you for a long time. It's going to be good. I know it."
As the woman climbed onto the stage, Steve couldn't help but wonder if this had all been prearranged. It probably had been. He supposed it didn't matter.
"Well," Steve said, steeling himself and continuing onwards, "I appreciate you taking the fall for me, as it were, but, um. It's my box. I was wondering if I could have it back."
Clearing his throat, Steve steps forward. "Could you explain the protocols, please?"
It was an awkward hug. Tony's head was tucked under Steve's chin, and the mail of Steve's shirt had to be scraping his face, but he didn't seem to care. He was shaking, shivering, and when Steve brought his hands up to Tony's bare back, to stop him from toppling over, he found that Tony was cold under his fingers.
Tiberius spread his hands wide. "He's newsworthy. He happens to be newsworthy. What do you want me to do, not report the news?"
To his surprise, Tony's nodding; his hair rustles against the pillow. "Yeah, actually," he says. His voice is slow, low, unhurried. "If you could-- my neck? Neck and shoulders? Both sides? That's still, um. Pretty tense."
When the world came back into view, Tony was staring at him, unashamed, enthralled. There was still a smile playing around his lips. His fingers traced the line of Steve's collarbone, then down, deliberately avoiding Steve's nipple. Tony was probably saving that experiment for later. Steve liked the thought of there being a later. Tony's fingers glanced over his skin, and Tony was still staring, utterly fascinated. Besotted.
Oh, that was definitely a bad idea. He pictured himself caressing Tony's neck.
Jan's face scrunched up in frustration and annoyance. Annoyance that Steve definitely deserved. And then she leaned in a little closer, scrutinizing him. "Steve, are you all right?" She sounded concerned. "What's the matter?"
But right now, Tony didn't even seem to notice him at all. He was focused on Tiberius. He hadn't even glanced at Steve.
Tony supposed that an arranged marriage definitely had some things going for it over the one he'd picked out for himself. Such as more stringent background checks.
But Tony was shaking his head. "I do, though. I'm a coward and a liar--"
But Iron Man shakes his head. "It's not that," he says. "Steve, I-- I love you too. I've loved you for so, so long. There aren't even words for how happy you make me." He pauses. "But it's not going to last. I'm not an easy man to love. Everyone leaves me. Everyone always leaves me. And I know you think you're going to be different, but you won't be." He brings a hand up, taps the gauntlet on the middle of his chest, with a discordant clang of metal on metal. "And I have a heart condition. It's incurable." His speech now is flat, devoid of emotion. Robotic. "I don't know how long I've got left. So there's no point, really, in you loving me. All it's going to do is hurt you when I'm gone. And that's the best-case scenario."
He was going to get Tony back. Tony was going to be alive, and he was going to get Tony back. And he wasn't about to let Tiberius Stone stand in his way.
This was probably not something he should have said, he realized, dimly, but his brain didn't seem to be making any of the decisions for him right now.
"Couple of hours," Steve said. "It's coming up on midnight." And then several other pertinent facts about the situation occurred to him. "Uh. The cops might or might not be coming. The guard downstairs was threatening to call them. I'm not sure if he did."
Tony should get up and get Steve some water, or a washcloth. Get the plug out of him, probably. Instead he found himself tracing the line of Steve's throat with an idle finger, and Steve shivered.
He took a breath. He was going to try to explain this. "I know I don't talk all that much anymore about how things were different, in the forties. But it was different. And being queer was different. Not just how society looked at it. But what people did, that was different, too. Not what they did, exactly. But how they thought about it." It was going to sound weird. And maybe Tony wouldn't believe him. But it was the truth. "Back then, the... defining act... I guess you'd call it, of being queer -- it was going down on another man."
"Oh," Tony said. It was all he could say. Everything else was too immense to contemplate.
"Shh," Steve murmured. "Nothing to be ashamed of, okay? I love you. That's the important part. We made it this far. We're here now."
He let his head loll to the side. That was a lot of blood smeared on the floor.
Steve exhaled hard. "Not like this," he said, quietly. "Not like this, Tony. I've never seen anyone hurt you like this. I'm-- I'm scared for you, Tony. I'm terrified for you. Because I know you don't see it. But I do."
, wasn't it? People liked to hear their own name.
touching Steve, though. The barrel of the gun is pressing against Steve's head. Maybe that's what Tony means. Maybe Steve needs to move away from Ghost. That has to be it. That's the only thing he can do.
Tony might as well wake him up anyway. He's already committed enough sins tonight; what's one more?
Iron Man tilts his head. "Uh. You're welcome."
"Well," Steve said, gamely, "I'm still very interested in showing you a good time. So to speak. If you'd still like that."
"Do you know how the Spymaster died?" Oh, Ghost is gloating now. "Just like this, Captain. Ask your buddy Iron Man. He can tell you all about it. The tech I loaned the Spymaster stopped working as he was in the middle of a wall. Tragic." He clicks his tongue. "As long as this device on my wrist is active, as long as I'm touching you, you'll stay out of phase with reality. But as soon as I let you go, or press this button, there'll be a solid glass window through your chest, Captain." He laughs. "You know that magic trick where they saw the lady in half? That'll be you. And I know you're a super-soldier, but even you can't survive that one." He extends a hand. "Save yourself. Hand over the drive."
"Who said anything about that?" Steve can feel his face heat, but he keeps talking anyway. "I'm not a saint. And I have hands. They work just fine."
"Oh, my God," Tony told the empty box. "One of the Avengers owns an Iron Man butt plug."
"I know your reputation is very important to you," Steve began. "I know you're not out, and I know why you're not out, and I understand what's at stake. I'd never ask you to do anything you're not completely comfortable with--"
, I can... touch you, if that's what you want, and I'd like to, but you-- you can't. You can't touch me. I'm sorry."
Every escalator from the fifth floor on up was wooden. Even with the seriousness of the mission, Steve still looked delighted to learn that some things hadn't changed. Tony supposed Steve hadn't been in here in a good forty years.
He definitely doesn't
Tony's lips are parted. He looks like definitely wasn't expecting to hear
Oh. This was how they were going to play it. They were going to say that Tony had hired Radioactive Man because he was upset that Tiberius had broken the story.
That was a hell of a thought.
"Aww, geez, Shellhead," Steve says, without really thinking about it. He just knows Tony's hurting and he wants to help. Tony's mouth, as always, quirks at the nickname. "That's rotten. But you're safe here, okay?" That's probably what Tony's stuck on, still. "It's just me here. And nothing's going to hurt you."
"It's going to be okay," he said, not really sure which of them he was trying to reassure. "He-- he's not going to hurt you anymore, okay? I'm not going to let him hurt you, all right? I promise."
Oh. That made sense.
Does Tony honestly think he's going to let him freeze to death? Does Tony really think so little of him?
Iron Man will say yes, won't he? Sure, he could think it's too soon -- Mr. Stark had certainly thought it was -- but Iron Man knows him better than Mr. Stark does, and Steve hopes that means Iron Man will understand if he's asking sooner than folks these days do. Surely Iron Man will understand that it's a sign of Steve's love. He'll understand how much Steve loves him. Steve just wants to do right by him. He just wants to make them both happy.
"I'm going to have you prepared for surgery now," the man said.
He hadn't told Jan where he was. He hadn't, in fact, told her he was going anywhere. He'd thought he'd been alone. But she'd been on monitors, and she'd stepped in. And it had been true, too -- here he was, with a supervillain threat.
Steve couldn't let himself think about that.
Tony's throat worked. "It bothers me, though." He sighed. "I just... don't think I'm worth the wait, is all."
"So, uh," Steve said, glancing significantly over at Tiberius' body. "What are the odds he's going to wake up soon? Any idea?"
Tony coughs flowers every couple of months. Only a few. A petal here and there. No one else notices.
"At length," Tony agreed, because by now they all knew how supervillains worked.
Tony's head is propped up by pillows, so he doesn't even have to try to turn to look at Steve. He's smiling. It's a smile no one but Steve ever sees, soft and wondrous and delighted. His eyes are dark, heavy, half-lidded. Oh, yeah, he's
. He didn't know if that was the right word. Maybe there weren't words for it. They'd tangled themselves up together, and God knew it hadn't always been good, but he couldn't have gotten free of Tony even if he'd wanted to. And he'd never wanted to. Tony had always been there.
Everything went dark after that.
Steve supposes they're going to talk about this now, at last. It's not like there's much else to do, trapped in a broken Quinjet at night.
, anyway.
He tightens down, illustratively, and Steve groans deep in his chest and picks up the pace again.
Tony half-smiles. "Then I won't keep you from it. Don't come crawling back."
Why in the world does Mr. Stark care so much about this? And why is he so wrong?
real, but those guys are just interested in scamming you out of your money. And don't answer anyone who claims to be a Nigerian prince, while you're at it. Also a scam."
Steve nods. "I've got you."
Steve gives it another half-second.
"Well," Steve says, very gently, because he's not about to let that pass, "I think you're under a lot of stress right now."
And yet he's sitting here, offering to show Steve all the scars.
"For God's sake," Steve says, frustrated, "will you please just
, exactly -- Tony wasn't sure when any of the team was ever going to look completely happy again -- but he did look a damn sight less miserable. Tony would take it.
Steve can't help but ask. "Is it?"
He assigned himself to light duty. He spent the next two days icing his hand, sitting in his room stewing in guilt, and trying to type up comments on the last few weeks of mission reports using only his left hand, because his right arm was encased in a splint from the tips of his last two fingers down to almost his elbow.
Steve can't help but smile. "You got it."
"Huh," Tony said, eyebrows raised. "Are we doing bedtime stories now?"
That was good. That was really good. But, even so, Steve didn't know how much longer he could be here, like this, knowing that he was so close to everything he couldn't have. Knowing that the man Tony really wanted was one room away and that Tony would be going back to him.
, when he woke from the ice: the red-gold gleam of Iron Man's armor, and the brilliant blue of Iron Man's eyes behind the mask. It's the first thing he heard, too: the crackle of Iron Man's voice, like a static-filled radio.
Tony shook his head. “Nothing like that.”
Steve shaded in the shadows as he thought of Tony’s lips. He hadn’t expected the man to stop by the door on his way out, and thank Steve for the kiss.
The citrus scent flooded the room as Tony sat up, his legs parting, then closing, then parting again like he couldn’t sit in one place, discomfort causing him to constantly move, shift, relieve pressure from his behind.
Steve realized that was exactly what they had. Months of sharing the sleep capsule, sharing each other's space, learning and tasting and touching--for some reason this second realization quickened Steve’s desire, suddenly all he wanted was more. He pulled at Tony’s pants, sliding his hands under the elastic waste to squeeze at the plump cheeks he had to admit to himself he’d checked out plenty of times before, only now could he name the snuck away glances, the flutter in his chest when he’d see Tony in a pair of perfectly tailored pants, or tight workout pants.
Please mind the tags this Wednesday.
Tony snorted and surprisingly didn’t break out into another ramble. He did keep flicking Steve assessing gazes out of the corner of his eye, but neither of them commented on it. The fact of the matter remained, Steve had been staring at Tony Stark because he looked soft and--his gut clenched at the thought--adorable, rambling in the slightly oversized pajama set.
Tony took one look at the stick and then at the door, then back to the stick, then the door.
It’d been trained into him from over a century ago: he did not bring up Captain America. Unless he was in uniform or on the battlefield, he was Steve.
Tony galloped to the other end of the field, lifting his backside off the horse enough to shift his weight. The breeches were snug everywhere, apparently. The sun was what warmed Steve, it had nothing to do with imagining Tony’s thighs spread astride his lap instead.
Tony laughed. “The building is harder than the flying, but equally as enjoyable.”
“No. I have it on strong authority that ferrets are curious and strong, that sounds Canadian to me.”
“Shh,” Steve whispered into the darkened room. He heard the unbuckling of pants, and he rubbed his legs against the sheets as he waited for Steve, relishing the cool stain on his naked thighs and hardening cock. The mattress shifted again, and Steve walked around to the side of the bed, cock in hand, then positioned it in front of Tony's mouth. “Open for me.”
“It is Christmas,” Tony whispered, breath hitting Steve’s lips.
The first thing Steve thought of when he woke was of the ring of purple bruises around Tony’s neck. Maybe he’d been dreaming about injured skin, about Tony; it made sense, considering how often the man was on his mind in the days since he’d first seen him on the street.
Leaving Steve’s neck, Tony ran his palm around his jaw and over his ear to settle in his hair. He threaded his fingers through the strands and combined a soothing massage with a slightly-too-hard tug.
“And?"
Rumlow laughed, low and under his breath like he was in on a secret. “Saw them together once. Seems like he knew exactly how to treat his mouthy bitch--”
“Howard, yeah. And generations before that, too.”
“Maybe it--?” Anthony began.
“No. Researching a private matter. Um--” he should have come up with an alibi but he’d always been quick on his feet. “Stark. Howard. I served with him, or, well, near him.” Steve forced himself to stop rambling. “I was wondering what happened to him. I keep hearing about SI on the news but not…”
He dropped the pencil, let it roll across the page and onto the floor.
Tony’s hands were scattered at first, flitting from place to place - hip, to shoulder, then back down to squeeze his thigh. The frantic petting began to calm, hands sliding slower and with more purpose. They caressed over the jut of his hip bone, along the side of his ribs and up to his chest.
Tony guided him around the couch that was pushed back to expose the large area rug. He took the camera from Steve and gave his shirt a gentle tug. Steve pulled it off and tossed it aside, warming under Tony's appreciative gaze.
Steve pointedly ignored Stane and spoke instead over his shoulder to Tony. “I’m going to disarm him but I’ll leave the rest up to you.”
“I think you like me watching.”
“Oh, you fucker,” Tony drawled out between breaths. “I can’t believe you just did that.”
Steve had noticed, more and more, the objective artistry of Tony’s features, but he hadn’t been thinking about it when he agreed to go to the pool. Now, he found he couldn’t focus on anything but the man in the black square-cut swimsuit. Steve tread water idly in the deep end. Thor and Clint were on the opposite side of the pool playing with a volleyball. Outside the pool, Tony lifted a can to spray suntan oil on his skin, and all Steve could think about was how he once saw Tony completely naked in the locker room.
“I don’t think I’ll be as good as--” Tony gestured upward, wanting to keep the focus on Anthony, to see that focus play across Steve’s face.
As he reached the near end of the pool, Tony stopped and pushed himself out, water freely flowing down his body and over the elastic waist of his too-tight bathing suit that was nothing more than a tiny, thigh hugging, second skin. “Hey!” Tony greeted him with a smile “I must have lost track of time.”
Tony took a step forward and then another, into Steve’s space. The shield was at their sides, creating an enclosed place, just for them. “I didn’t see the point of fighting him before you. But now I want to. I’ve thought about it, Steve, and I--” Tony cut himself off and with a curse, he lifted onto the tips of his toes and kissed Steve.
Eyes shot open and the shapeshifters hand shot out, wrapping around Tony’s ankle. He was pulled off his feet, bracing for impact with the ground, when he felt arms catch his fall. Wrapping under Tony’s arm, Steve lifted him to his feet before rushing around Tony to sedate the shapeshifter yet again.
The more Tony saw him lose control over himself, the stronger Steve’s control over Tony became. He wanted nothing more than to give in to Steve’s command.
Steve snorted. “Yes. The first thing we do is put the stick between our legs.”
Thoughts of Steve’s lips and teeth against his sensitive skin reminded him of one other thing he needed to prepare for his vidchat. Sliding open his drawer, he pulled out his phone and placed it out of view from the webcam but still in his line of sight. He shifted in his chair, the cock ring squeezing what had been a mostly uninterested cock until now. Following Steve’s order, even if the other man wasn’t anywhere nearby, made the blood heat in his veins.
“Look at you,” Steve said, mostly because he couldn’t stop staring, now that he started. “The way your armor molds around you. I could watch you all day.” He couldn’t resist, not when Tony’s eyes were darkening with want. He ran his hand around to grip the back of his neck, right where the collar would rest, only now his finger could trace along the edge of the armor. Tony took in a shaky breath.
"Nah, it was a promise too." Tony winked. "I'm coming back for another one."
“I don’t want to argue. I’m exhausted. Take the first shift.”
“Yeah, me,” Tony agreed. “See, it keeps the cold from spreading.”
“And you think this guard can get you home?”
“Canoodle!” Tony laughed.
Next to him, Tony stretched and groaned, sheets sliding down to his waist when he sat up and wiped his eyes with the side of his hand. “Good to not see you on the floor this morning.”
Tony spread one palm flat for a moment, covering the place where the arc reactor sat in his own chest, then slid his hand up until his fingers circled Steve’s neck. Steve swallowed hard at the twisting deep in his gut that Tony’s fingers awoke. He was hard, but he had no idea where Tony intended to take this. He was entirely in Tony’s hands, and those hands were bringing him somewhere he’d never been before. He still felt half asleep, and yet vibrantly awake at the same time. Every touch was multiplied tenfold, but his body happily stayed willing and still, no matter where Tony’s fingers alighted next.
“There you go.” Steve stepped back, patted Tony’s hip in a signal to right himself again. By the time Tony stood up, hard cock still standing proud in the open air, Steve was gone. The sound of their bathroom sink turning on and the underlining notes of Steve humming a happy tune the only indicators of where he went. After a moment, Steve came back out, wiping his hands on a cloth. He chuckled. “Do I need to tell you to button up your pants before it's time to go, as well?”
“We should’ve just drawn straws,” Steve mumbled, and Tony snorted.
Steve’s thumb ran across Tony’s lips, then parted them and slid inside. The soft pad skated along the sharp edge of his teeth and then over the flat of his tongue. Tony opened eagerly, letting Steve push his thumb in, then wrapped his lips around it, sucking, showing him how good it would be.
Mariah Carey’s
until Tony told him to.
He’d preprogrammed his own number, and a few Omega Advocacy and Abuse hotline numbers. It was a blanket assumption, but Steve had seen enough to feel certain. He could count the bruises on Tony’s skin and the visible ones were half a dozen. He didn’t even want to think what sort of pain Stane could inflict to the sensitive skin hidden from Steve's gaze by clothing.
Tony walked his hands up Steve’s chest, grabbing alternating fistfuls of t-shirt and sending Steve’s clothes into disarray, as he climbed steadily higher. Steve leaned into the pressure, feeling the searing heat of Tony’s bare chest against the now exposed skin of his stomach.
It was a shuffle of white and black, the dark night and the bright life dispersed throughout the city.
Or, they were all just fishing for intel and not showing their own hand. Steve disliked subterfuge, it was much easier to punch the enemy in front of you than play chess with them behind their back.
Thanks for reading! More to come soon!
Now, Tony dragged his finger along the smooth sides of the gem stone then moved to trace over the laceration. The roughened stone scratched the pad of his thumb. It had a hum of residual energy, yet every scan he ran proved this observation incorrect. Another drag of his finger and this time it caught against his skin, poking quick and sharp, and a drop of blood beaded on his thumbpad.
He risked another look over at Tony and Steve.
A rustle of fabric and Barnes emerged from the darkness, an amused smirk on his lips. “Only if you hand me the plum one.”
Bucky turned the page, watching over the book as Tony traced a finger along the petal, smiling for a moment. Then he looked over at the living room.
He heard the sounds of the armor behind him, probably Tony realizing the same thing: there was only one sleeping capsule.
The technicians reached down, and Steve's breath caught. He couldn't say why, because he was too busy watching the chest plate be pulled away. The gel had stuck Tony's thin, white undershirt to his chest, making it look sheer from the moisture, or maybe it was sweat, but either way, it made the fabric cling to the skin of his stomach.
“It’s not--” Steve’s voice sounded rough, caught over the words. He swallowed and started again. “It’s not disgust.” And because he always seemed to talk his way into trouble, he mumbled under his breath. “Not that at
Steve's eyes widened.
Tony smiled, small and private like he meant to keep it just for him. “Maybe so.”
A door opened midway down the alley. A man and woman dressed in catering attire pulled out their newfangled vape pens, standing on the stairs, door wide open.
Steve dunked his head underwater and started to swim some laps, needing to clear his head. Between breaststrokes he heard a splash and knew it was Tony jumping into the pool. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve watched him join Thor and Clint in their game.
“Yup. He was interested in flying and I thought…” Anthony trailed off, apparently unsure where his sentence would end.
He tried to infuse the sour scent into his memory, punched the pillow when he remembered Tony’s fearful retellings. How small and young he sounded, when he mentioned Stane wanting to fill him with pups. Steve growled into his pillow and turned back onto his back, fists clenched on his side and wishing more than anything he could punch them into Stane’s jaw over, and over, and over.
“You’re hurt,” Steve whispered to the books. “Inside.”
“Of course not. So long as your curiosity doesn’t become home study. But then again.” Coulson surveyed his eyes and Steve tried not to shift under the scrutiny. “What would Captain America need with a disguise?”
Tony kept his hands on the armrests and directed Steve with only his voice - steady, sure, firm. Steve followed his instructions in a haze, his entire mind absorbed by his task. There was no workshop, no Avengers, no Captain America. He did as Tony told him and it was so easy.
“I know.” Tony swallowed. “He made sure to tell me.” His smile twisted into something ugly. “But he’s still gone, it’s Wednesday after all.” The way he spat the word like it was something filthy broke apart something in Steve’s chest. Their Wednesdays, ruined, twisted, turned against Tony like everything else. “We should go through the alley.” Tony started to walk out of the elevator when the doors opened, only to have one of his knees give out. Steve moved quickly, grabbing Tony before he could fall. Tony turned a bit into him, and Steve’s breath caught. “I don’t think we’ll be taking public transit with me like this.” He straightened, but left an arm around Steve’s waist. “I maybe haven’t eaten since...Monday? Either.”
A moan broke from Tony’s throat as he turned his face into Steve’s neck. “Tony, you’re--Oh hell, you’re beautiful like this. I thought we could make it till the end but--no, it looks like that won’t be happening.”
His bondmate would be there. Stane. Steve growled again. He hadn’t smelled him at first, the thick, citrusy smell of Tony’s slick overpowering the entire room. But near the hints of sourness was a thread of alpha, stifled by de-odorizer, but there. Tony would have had to react for Stane, during the exam, proof that he was fertile and suitable, and all sorts of archaic methods of alpha-based approval.
That thought made the pit throb and thorn into his side. He ended up walking to the Tower early, but paced outside until he was ten minutes later than usual. Chef Ana wasn’t in the kitchen but her friendly staff was, so Steve gave them a grateful wave as he slipped through the door with a new face on.
Anthony all but rolled his eyes. “Because you always have to be the hero? If it isn’t a death dive in the Quidditch World Cup, it’s--”
“Do you want to go in?”
“It linked you to me?”
Tony looked at Jungkook, the man in the bucket hat that was leaning in close to the one he’d arrived with, Jimin. Jungkook looked to be in his early 20s, which meant he'd had Iron Man in his life for nearly a decade now. God, Tony was getting old. But it was nice to know that he was still a hero to this young man, that his reach had made it across oceans and languages. As he walked them further into the arena, he realized that this K-pop group had done the same; they had connected cultures, many of them. Their influence was unique, and he was starting to better understand why the shapeshifters targeted them specifically.
It was the two missing members--Jimin and Jungkook. They appeared completely normal, happy even. The taller one, Jungkook, froze right in front of them, eyes glued on Tony, wide and full of fanboy. Jimin laughed, said something in Korean that sounded endearing though Tony had no idea what, but it made Jungkook blush and swat a hand at Jimin.
Steve looked unbothered and ready to work, staring at the paper and started to read. “Kim Namjoon.”
“Hey! It was my mission.” Steve turned his head and Tony’s face was right there, soft brown eyes lined with amusement, smile soft and tinted with an affection he’d never seen before.
The bell chimed as he pushed open the door to the pharmacy, later that afternoon. Behind the counter was an older beta, her gray hair tied back in a bun. “How can I help you, sir?”
“God, you’re so hot,” Tony kissed into his mouth, hand moving down Steve’s chest to slip under his pajama pants. “Want me to touch your cock?” he asked in a whisper, hand hovering over Steve’s length.
‘But the threats suddenly stopped,’ Tony continued. He folded his hands behind his back and casually circled around the table. ‘What did you tell him when you found out, Miss Potts? Did you threaten to throw him out of your company? To call the police? Maybe offered him sex in exchange for leaving your little family be?’
,’ Tony’s smirk only seemed to make Bucky’s mood go even more sour.
‘I don’t know!’
‘Wasn’t me,’ Natasha raised her glass, ‘I’ve got tea, thank you very much.’
‘I am a big brother now,’ Peter stated, ignoring the words of his father.
brother now.’
Jarvis opened one of the windows, knowing there would be no chance of talking any sense into his creator. He kept monitoring the stranger as he entered the building. The teen peeked into every room he came across, yet never entered one.
‘Only if they deserve it, right?’ Sam smirked.
‘Yes, you can,’ Steve nodded. ‘But I am afraid that Loki will have to come with me.’
Hope you will enjoy!
Steve turned on the shower, waiting patiently for it to warm while undressing. He was happy to be home again, to just slumber on his slightly warn-down couch and watching a game of football after eating dinner. His apartment was not big, nor was it luxurious, but it was home.
Loki had any personal belongings, he made sure to keep them out of sight.
‘This might be none of my concern,’ Thor started as he stared at the two. ‘But if it is so much to your disliking, why choose these costumes?’
This won't be the last you will read of me, I promise! As some of you might know, A Tale of the Trickster and the Spider is still on-going, plus, I have started a new fic!
He opened the can and brought it to his lips, taking a careful sip. It smelled weird, but the taste was good. He took another sip. It tasted sweet, even sweeter than the fresh honey he used to poor over his fruit. Before Loki knew it, he had downed the entire can, suddenly feeling a burst of energy running wild through his body.
‘Nah, Peter’s got that covered, plus, I think Loki was Nat’s responsibility. Or Barnes. I don’t know, I heard them arguing in the kitchen. I think they were looking for our tiny god.’
Peter felt a sharp shiver run from the back of his neck all the way to the tip of his toes. Loki was a more than skillful liar, his eyes always matching the character, or rather, the emotions which he faked, causing the once vivid emeralds to now stare at him, cold and empty.
!’ he grabbed Steve’s hair and pulled him to his feet, causing the doll to yelp in pain. ‘Where is he?!’
He watched Loki sleep, careful not to move for he knew the raven was easily wakened.
‘Take a wild guess,’ Strange said as he raised a brow.
Loki quickly moved next to Tony, trying to help him up, ‘I-I am so sorry, sir!’ he said as he gathered some papers which Tony had dragged of a nearby table in his fall. ‘Are you alright…?’
‘And what do you want me to do?’ Sam asked as Natasha went back to her own desk and Tony grabbed his coat.
The doll’s words send a shiver down Tony’s spine, his cock slowly erecting in his pants. He could certainly get used to the blond’s accent and deep voice. ‘Come here, Steve,’ he waited for it to stand in front of him, his eyes trailing every line and curve of its perfect body. ‘So, you’re here to please me, huh? Give me a good time?’
find some skin tissue underneath the victim’s fingernails.’
The ride home was silent as Tony had turned down the radio, the only sound audible coming from the engine of his Audi.
‘Mister Killian, breakfast is ready.’ A woman’s hand knocked on the door, disturbing the silence and tranquility that lingered through the hallway of the old countryside mansion just outside New York. It was still early and quite dark, grey clouds blocking the sun, rain trickling down against the tall and stately windows. The woman turned with a sigh as she did not receive an answer and let her burgundy colored nails rest against the cold glass of the window behind her.
‘Yeah, I’m just-’ Peter sniffed, quickly wiping away his tears with his sleeve. ‘I’m just really happy.’
‘No!’ Peter said worriedly, not even wanting to know what Quill was scheming.
‘Master,’ Steve whispered close to Tony’s ear, his voice deep and soothing.
‘War Machine, ATTACK!’ The raven shouted. He jumped from the couch, elbow-dropping on Peter’s stomach. ‘Boom! You looking for this?!’ He laughed, though the only sound that the teen could produce was a sharp wheeze.
A long silence followed.
Peter’s hand hovered over the thin sheets. How he wanted to sleep. How he wanted to lay his head to rest upon the muted pillow and pray for this all to be a nightmare, hoping he would be back in the orphanage the moment he would open his eyes.
Tony froze for a second. Was this really the same god who tried to take over Earth? Was this really the same guy he’d been fighting with over countless small things like whether or not it was normal to drink alcohol during the day? What was it to Loki anyway? It’s not like
The doll retreated his hand and remained completely silent for the rest of the ride, not wanting to upset his master even further.
‘So, my dad didn’t really do anything, huh?’ Peter chuckled.
He glanced back at the blond, at the
‘Never get used to what?’ Peter asked with a smirk as the two now followed the trickster in a casual stroll. ‘The fact that Loki now suddenly turned all cute and enthusiastic, or the whole rainbow bridge thingy?'
Tony stared at the massive box that was delivered on his front porch, a frown on his face. The crate was slightly bigger than he was, the boxing revealing no name nor address.
‘He had the opportunity and a heck of a motive,’ Tony was the first to talk, his voice small. ‘Killian abused him for over half a year and that last time, well… he just couldn’t take it anymore.’
‘And no screw-ups this time?’
Steve had been human. Yet the creature was nothing more but a doll. Incapable of feeling, incapable of suffering.
would come to the party or not,’ Tony sighed, watching the trickster raise a questioning brow. ‘Barnes said you would come, me and Bruce said you wouldn’t…’
At that moment, the five Avengers ate their candy, a bright red light illuminating the house, blinding the heroes for a second.
‘So you have two fathers?’ Loki asked as he tilted his head, causing the other Avengers to snort and chuckle.
‘…Tony,’ Steve tried the name out. It felt weird calling his master by his first name, yet at the same time it made him feel ecstatic. He smiled brightly, ‘Tony.’
Wires?
‘That must have been terrifying,’ Tony remarked in mock pity, squinting his eyes at the panicked man.
‘… How many?’ Peter eventually asked, not turning around.
‘They are mine!’ Loki shouted and he laughed, charging straight towards Peter and tackling him to the ground. ‘Evil shall never triumph over good!’ he raised the small stick above the teen’s chest, holding it tightly with two hands.
He was completely perplexed though as he saw the blond downing the pizza in record time like a starving man.
is that a full-grown man abuses and rapes a fifteen year old kid,’ Tony snapped, running a hand through his hair.
‘…The fuck-? Whatever is in here, I already feel like sending it back.’ He took a deep breath before prying the box open using a crowbar. It fell apart like a house of cards the moment the first couple of nails were pulled out.
The raven looked around himself, trying to figure out where he was. He stood up and walked cautiously through what he could only describe was a library.
‘No! No, that’s not what happened!’
The creature tried to stand, it’s claws ripping straight through wall paper as it tried to support itself against the wall.
They hovered around the board for hours, lost in time as Steve created one design after the other while Tony clumsily doodled matching weapons and nifty gadget. Steve laughed as Tony got more excited with every sketch, his energy seeming endless as he bounced between the drawing board and his computers.
‘Call me Wanda,’ She nodded as she wrapped her arms around herself and nervously shifted from one foot to the other. ‘Mister Killian was staying overnight. I knocked on his door to bring him breakfast, but he didn’t answer. When I walked into the room I noticed that the windows were open and when I tried to close them, I…’ She wanted to continue, but a soft sob took her breath and she covered her mouth, tears gently falling from her eyes.
The god then shook his head as these words came to mind. Loki would never have wanted to stay under his own spell. He would never agree to this if it was not all by his own choice, and he would never forgive Thor if he would call the shots for him. Norns, he could already imagine his brother’s wrath once they would both be in Valhalla…
“No!” Tony shouts before he can think about what to say and clamps his hand over his mouth as he does, softly cursing himself for letting that outburst happen. In a much calmer yet strained voice, he explains, “We have until May 1st, which is the day of the next Gala event and the day we’re finally free from our imprisonment. We’ll go through what we have now and then take a look at it. We’ll need some sort of entertainment for the next couple of days.”
“I say we should, I’ve had my fair share of explosions in my workshop. Besides, without it, we don’t have any other leads,” Tony explains his point of view before turning back to Natasha, “by the way, what are your buddies at SHIELD doing? Are they still managing our fake vacation in Florida?”
Tony:
is easier to decipher than your ye-old English.”
Gripping the flash drive in his hands, he tries to reason with himself. Tony knows his way around Arc Reactor technology. No one else can substitute that kind of knowledge and it can be argued that it is essential to the mission. Whoever they shove Steve with after taking Tony away is most likely not going to know the things Tony does, even if Tony is allowed to keep in touch and advise them.
The man beside him seems to take his silence as suspicion since he explains, “I made it myself, don’t worry. I don’t think I trust anyone here not to poison us more than you do. Anyways, I think whatever they hit you with made you drowsy. You passed out five minutes after we got here. I just thought that coffee would help.”
“We’re not the Avengers right now, remember? We’re undercover. And if they’re not hiding something?”
Tony simply stares at Steve’s smile, a smile that seemed to light up the entire dim hotel room, before he felt his own lips curl into a smirk. “Is that a challenge, Rogers?”
Tony grins as he takes his phone into his hands, “Alright, you polite blonde boy. It sure as hell is funny, though.” Then, he finally slides the button to answer the call and gets off of the table only to dramatically drop on the bed, his back sinking into the mattress as one arm cushions his head, “Hello, welcome to Tony’s Pizzeria, may I take your order?”
“It doesn’t make sense. If there’s anything valuable here, there’s bound to be some form of security.” Steve shakes his head as if in disapproval of their poor security measures, and Tony has to mentally admit that he agrees. They both hear the elevator door close behind them and the room seems to plunge into a much deeper darkness than before, so much so that even Tony’s hidden Arc Reactor’s faint light blue glow is slightly visible. “I don’t trust this.”
hopefully my updating schedule is going to even out soon.
After reading through a few more files, they ended up with just as much information as they discussed in their earlier conversation, no more and no less. They had barely any names, no leads, and only one address that has no explanation associated with it and is therefore left vague. The pile of papers that once looked monstrous proved to be nothing more than white sheets filled to the brim with empty and meaningless words. Eventually, Steve pointed out that they weren’t going to get anywhere with the information they currently had and that they should call it a night while the documents finish sending. Tony didn’t want to rest considering the circumstances, but he didn’t have much of an argument so he didn’t put up much of a fight.
“How do you know?” Steve asks incredulously, just as quiet if not quieter.
“It won’t work! We’ll be risking too much. Do you even have your suit with you?”
Tony blinks. “What are you talking about?”
“Here, I brought some coffee for you.” Steve says, handing the steaming cup to Tony, who accepts it with a quizzical thanks. “Aren’t we going to look at what’s on the flashdrive tonight? I was thinking you’d need some energy now that you’re an old man complaining about your back.”
Guilt pricks at his skin and for a moment, he considers pushing everything else aside and telling Steve. He doesn’t want to hurt Steve. He knows that once Steve finds out that Tony knows something he doesn’t, he’s bound to feel like his trust had been carelessly trampled on. The thought of that makes Tony want to kick his own ass for daring to betray Steve’s trust. His revelation earlier about his newfound…feelings for Steve just makes things harder. Then again, or does it only solidify Tony’s earlier speculation?
Tony chuckled again. “Is that a no?”
They’d been flirting for months and went on one maybe-coffee-date where, after, Steve had linked their arms together like they were in grade school. Now, a week later, the slight curve of Steve’s mouth and the way he sometimes brushed his bottom lip with his tongue when he was unsure or about to speak, had become a full time distraction.
Tony met it. “In bed. Well, first up against an alley wall, and then a date at an art museum, and
Tony looked away, bit his lip. Steve could help, in so many ways, ways Tony didn’t even know. A new guilt slammed into Steve. In all this focus on Tony, on protecting him from Stane and providing him with friendship, Steve had failed to mention one important detail.
at Steve. “None of that.” His hand lowered to twist at Bucky’s nipple, making him hiss and arch into Tony’s touch.
Steve was supposed to be finding what passed for a first aid kit in their hotel room, but instead he’d frozen at the sight of Tony, the bare expanse of his back, beautiful olive skin marred by the gut-wrenching marks, still fresh and bloody. Back in that dark, horrible room, with that revolting cage, Tony had hid them. Through the frantic run to Stane’s room, Tony had been by his side and he’d barely had time to fully see.
sleep deprived author plans on updating in a week, forgets that august 2nd is a week from july 26th, proceeds to haul ass to get the chapter done by august 1st. well, here you go! early chapter is up and at 'em.
Tony assures himself as he pulls out his phone and takes a few pictures of some papers he came across, promising himself he would read them later.
“Oh, really? You think you know everything about me? Alright, since you’re so bored, how about we play a game?” Steve challenges and he catches Tony’s interest. Or at least that is what Tony believes catches his interest, and not the sudden change in tone or mischievous glint in his blue eyes. Yes. It is
“Thank you.”
They walk away before she finishes, both of them lost in their own thoughts.
She starts prattling on about about common tourist attractions, but Tony isn’t really listening. He looks to his left, and then to his right, suddenly feeling cramped and claustrophobic. The words echo in his head:
“It was an accident,” he huffs as he aims to switch the voice disguiser off, “I thought I was choosing something more badass. I think I breezed past the option I wanted. Blame it on the adrenaline.” Then he suddenly smiles and withdraws his hand before he can turn it off. “Hey, Steve.”
“You and me both, dude,” The man shakes his head, clumsily placing the lid over his coffee cup, “you and me both.”
Tony flinches. These are the guys S.H.I.E.L.D. is after and to make matters worse, they know that they’re suddenly being investigated. That means that whatever they’re doing, they’re hauling ass to finish it. Unfortunately, that’s exactly what they tried to avoid.
Tony didn’t remember falling asleep but when he wakes up, he feels strangely well-rested. That is already enough cause for suspicion because he can count the days he woke up well-rested in the year so far on his fingers but he neglects to pay any attention to it, instead opting for nuzzling his cheek into his pillow and squeezing his eyes shut tighter. Maybe his body is finally paying him reparations for those insomnia-filled nights.
all of my suits that you’re just as bored as I am.” Tony snorts.
“Whatever you say, drama king,” he says in a smug tone of voice, one that makes Tony’s frown deepen but he pushes up his chair closer to Steve regardless, though he makes sure that they aren’t close enough to touch elbows and not invade each other’s personal bubbles. Steve pushes an egg aside for Tony and he murmurs a “thank you’ in response, and a silence falls upon them again, though this time it feels much more comfortable to Tony for some reason.
The person, a man in his mid-thirties with a pretentious red Polo shirt on, as well as beige shorts and boat shoes, lifts up his hands in mock surrender. “My bad. I was just putting some sugar in my coffee, I guess I didn’t watch where I was going. Did anything spill?”
He feels a gentle yet solid whack on the back of his head from Steve and laughs. “Very funny, Tony. You know what, maybe you’re right. Oh, how will I ever be able to figure out how to use your technology? It took me hours to figure out how to turn off that SOS signal you sent this morning.” Steve’s hand buries itself in Tony’s hair as he messes it up, and Tony weakly attempts to bat him away, small hiccups of laughter escaping his mouth. “You’re not being fair. As if you’d be able to go a day without your little toys.”
Steve offers him a reassuring smile and Tony takes it as forgiveness. As they drive closer to their destination, Tony is surprised to see that it isn’t a dark, looming building or a secluded laboratory like he expected but rather a three-story office building with faded letters on the sign beside it and a serious vegetation problem as vines seem to reach every crack and crevice of the building. Graffiti is all over the outer walls, painting the pale brown bricks of the building various different colors, yet those colors are slightly faded, too, most likely done away by time and weather. The windows are all in decent shape compared to the rest of the building, dirty and cracked in some places but overall in one piece. The nearby parking lot is empty save for a single beaten down car, most likely a desperate parking situation since Tony doubts there’s a space anywhere else.
They walk in silence for a few moments before Steve asks. “Why did you choose
“No.”
“Friday, can you close the blinds? It’s too bright in here.” Tony murmurs automatically, turning on his side and splaying his hand out across from him, his fingertips brushing against … skin? Alarm bells ring in his head and he opens his eyes, only to find his face a mere few inches away from Steve’s sleeping face.
Then she suddenly snaps her fingers, her eyebrows shooting up to her forehead. “That’s because you didn’t see us but we saw you. You’re the one who stole the flashdrive from that building. Bet you didn’t know we have video footage of you and your buddy.”
Tony shoots him a glare. “That’s right, keep digging your own grave, Rogers.”
A sudden pained noise stops Tony’s brooding right in its tracks.
“Yes,” he says as if it’s obvious because he thinks that it should be, “I always take it with me. You think I’m going to show up on an undercover mission without my suit? What if things go wrong? What are you going to do? Hit them with a suitcase? Huh? Give them a good old-fashioned suitcase-concussion? A suit-cussion?”
Steve looks expectantly at Tony, and Tony hesitates for another moment, thinking his over his options. Normally Steve makes all of the final decisions during Avengers missions, since he is the leader of them after all, but now they’re a team and both of them are on equal standing. The decision is fair game.
“You wanna know something, Capsicle? I still think that I should fly us there.”
“Yeah, you could say that.” Past Steve agrees with a smile that’s enough to fool the camera as well as other people who may watch it but not enough to fool Tony. He’s seen his real smile enough to know that this one screams “I want this to be over soon.”
? Natasha as in Black Widow? And you’re still
For some odd reason, Tony’s body decided to force him to sleep as soon as they got back to the hotel. When he wakes up again, he’s lying on his side on his bed, his leg still hanging off the edge as if he had crashed there and stayed in that position.
As Tony turns around to face Steve, he almost cracks up at the sight his face, with his eyebrows furrowed and jaw tightly set, as if he’s holding back some choice words. “I’m starting to
“Huh…” The man’s eyebrows raise as he makes eye contact with Tony, who mirrors the movement, “you remind me of someone.”
The clock then changes to show 00:04:59.
Tony reaches over and takes the folder, dumping it on his lap as Steve unties his tie and carefully places it on a nearby chair. As he does so, he looks at Tony as he points at the bathroom a few feet away from the beds, “I’m going to go take a shower. I need to wash all this stuff out of my hair. Unless you need me to start looking at the files, too?”
Tony is already searching the hallway stretching ahead of them for a room that has the word “Confidential” printed all over it. “Yeah, I suppose we were long overdue for a break. The guy is hiding something, I know it. Lucky for us, he’s not the sharpest tool in the shed. Told us exactly where to find it.” Finally, he stops ahead a door all the way at the end of the hallway, and ding ding, it has the word “Confidential” written in small, faded letters.
he silently adds but fails to say aloud. The paper stuffed in his pocket feels like a heavy stone. He’s glad that his panic is being choked by his survival instinct.
“Whoa, hey, I thought you said I was doing the punchy business!” Steve gasps as he catches Tony’s fist in one hand. Tony quickly eyeballs him; his hair is all over the place and he has a considerable amount of dust covering his clothes, but other than that he seems alright. Relief floods over Tony like a tidal wave and his once tense shoulders relax. If he didn’t have an ounce of self-control left, he probably would have hugged Steve but not all has left him, so he simply remains standing on shaky legs. “You alright?”
“Whoa, hey!” Tony exclaims as he clumsily stumbles to his feet, nearly tripping over the blanket tangled around his legs in the process. At first, Steve doesn’t seem to notice him and through the light of Tony’s Arc Reactor, he can see that the other man’s eyes are focused on his hands, his mouth slightly parted as his breathes come out in short, panicked gasps.
Hands tightly clutching the gun, Tony tosses a glance to his right and sees the smaller man fiddling with something in his hands.
“’Twas a joke, Mr. America.” Tony deadpans but can’t help but feel surprised and satisfied with the fact that Steve is
Tony takes that as their cue to run towards their rental car as if their lives depended on it because in this situation, they do.
“What’s up?” An officer casually asks as they walk in, kicked back in his chair, his eyes lifting up from his newspaper to briefly glance over them before returning to his reading material. A small rotating fan sitting on the large desk provides background noise. No one else is inside.
Steve has stiffened beside Tony, clearly expecting Tony to blow their cover but for once, Tony isn’t going to own up to his famous identity for the sake of feeding his pride. “I wish I were him. I copied his beard and I even dyed my hair – can you believe I used to be a blonde like this man? Or can you see my roots? – but I just can’t get it right. He’s simply too amazing, but I think that I’m pretty close.”
They spend a few more minutes outside, walking and talking aimlessly, mostly about the mission but sometimes about other topics, before ending up getting caught in the rain. They debate whether they should make a run for it or huddle underneath a nearby frozen yogurt shop umbrella like a pair of freezing penguins. Naturally, Tony wins the argument, and together they jog back to the hotel.
Tony scrambles up from the bed like a startled wild animal, nearly falling in the process. He looks at Steve, looks at the indentations on the covers where he once slept right beside him, practically on top of him, and promptly covers his face with his hands, feeling it heat up underneath his palms. He wishes he can somehow forget the last few minutes. He has never felt so embarrassed in his entire life. If he can somehow dig a hole in the hotel room, lay down in it, and proceed to die in it, he would with no hesitation.
“What’s the plan?” Steve shouts to Tony above the noise, rolling up the sleeve of his suit jacket, most likely expecting a fight. That, unfortunately, is not on Tony’s agenda for today.
The woman looks impressed as she blows a piece of her blonde hair away from her face but soon a smile graces her lips. “I could ask you the same thing.”
Now he has to decide whether or not he should tell Steve. Morally speaking, he should. Steve deserves to know; after all, he and Tony are
Naturally, he gets no response. For a minute, things quiet down again and Tony waits, staring up at the ceiling, trying to ignore the way his eyelids begin to slide down again, sleep threatening to wash over him. Fear is exhausting. However, as soon as he closes his eyes, he hears Steve gasp loudly. He opens them back up just in time to see Steve shoot upwards, and by that time sleep is the last thing on his mind.
Apparently the kid didn’t have to be told twice. He scrambles to his feet and bolts out of there, the woman noticing and nipping at his heels – Tony doesn’t worry about her. He can tell that the kid is quicker than she is. Tony’s thoughts are interrupted by a harsh blow to his upper back and he turns around just in time to see the nerd sizing him up, his fists raised to his chest.
When Rhodey looked closer, he realized how much Tony had changed over the last few weeks; it must have had something to do with Steve. Tony had been less snappish, appeared better rested, better fed. He also looked two sheets to the wind, but not because of a morning cocktail.  Droopy and loose with pleasure--
Steve had become used to Tony’s fabulous wealth, unaffected when Tony informed him of his latest trip around the world, or purchase of a legendary painting or artifact. The fact that he informed the team one Saturday morning that Prince Henry and his friends were going to use the grounds of the Compound for a charity polo match, left none of them batting an eye. It was completely and utterly ridiculous, but not unexpected.
“I’m talented. Anyway yes we will be rolling out the newest model next year, third quarter and it will be more than ready. We may even be able to bump it up--” all the other members of the call expressed their delight and Tony was able to settle back, the focus switching back to the numbers guy after Tony’s announcement.
, a physical weight on his back.
Footsteps shuffled forward, and Steve came to stand beside them both, where they were staring each other down. “Hey, so, do I get a say in this? Or is it a full-fledged Stark-off? Seems odd, considering
“You are too. And don't interrupt me.” His eyes darkened when Steve snapped his jaw shut. “It makes sense. This body hasn’t been yours for very long.”
He felt sick as soon as his panic cleared. How could he have just left Tony there? He could hear Stane shouting at him, could see bruises, new, visible, bruises. And how the man spoke to Tony. All of it, every last word, drenched with hatred, with abuse. And Steve had left him there. Alone.
“What happened?” Anthony shouted as the stone clattered to the floor. “Where’s the portal?!”
Steve swallowed, teeth clenching at the truth of it. He didn’t know what to say, because, if bound, an alpha and omega couldn’t bring charges against each other; the law viewed them as one. Steve wanted to tear their bond apart, even if it was an intangible connection of saliva and hormones. The phone in his hand buzzed again.
“Cause he’s you, Anthony.” Steve smiled, it was small but evidently satisfied that Anthony’s eyebrows flew up in surprise. “And as infuriating as you may be, I care about you.”
“Barnes?”
“Steve,” Tony’s voice, rough and crackling with pain, pulled Steve from his thoughts in an instant. “He’ll be back soon.”
. “Yes. Steve, yes.”
“And your dad, before he died. They found me frozen in the arctic, brought me back decades after I crashed--”
“Tony, so irresistible. I have to--” Steve bent over, tongue pulling at his rim. Tony arched into it when Steve fully breached him with his finger, twisting to find that place inside that never failed to alight him with pleasure. Steve’s other hand gripped into his hip hard as he shifted, and Tony looked over his shoulder to see him naked and flushed and hard, hand on his cock, dragging it around Tony’s hole. He caught Tony’s eye then his eyelids drooped almost immediately with a moan of his own. Tony flushed with satisfaction, and pushed his body onto Steve because he was Steve’s, and Steve wanted him.
“Tony.” Steve looked at his own hands where they were clenched in his lap. “You don’t know if you’ll survive that. Do you--Is that really what you want to do?”
Tony moaned at the command, groping blindly on the nightstand. Even though he preferred Steve to put it on, to claim him and center him, Tony secured it around his own throat because Steve told him to. Steve reached a hand up to grip the collar around his neck, and Tony relaxed under the pressure of it all.
But nothing happened, at least not for the next few minutes. Each minute felt like an hour, even though the whole seminar was only supposed to last that long. Maybe Steve had really come to watch, and Tony had been playing a game with himself, standing under the spotlight with sex toys in his pants, their owner watching like his presentation was the most interesting thing in the world to him. For some reason, the thought flushed him hot with embarrassment, and he was just starting to wonder what kind of pervert he was when both the plug and the ring sprang to life, vibrations on full blast. The man asking him a question over the screen didn’t even react to the squeak that slipped out of Tony’s throat. His gaze shot to Steve as he covered the noise with a cough followed by clearing his throat.
Rhodey realized he’d been staring and dropped his gaze back to his phone. When he flicked them up again, Tony and Steve were in the kitchen, smiling and leaning into a kiss.
Suddenly, unease churned his stomach, and he froze with a violent, startling realization: he was stalking Tony. The thought of knocking on these doors, of following his nose to the one that smelled the most like Tony and testing the knob, it made his blood run cold. As much as he wanted to see Tony again, he didn’t want to violate his privacy, insert himself in the young man’s life unasked.
Tony’s hand roamed to the back of Steve’s neck during the kiss and when they pulled apart, Steve wanted to drop his head into the steady weight of Tony’s grip. He knew the man had begun speaking and Steve gathered himself enough to listen through the haze of Tony’s taste, and touch and scent. “I’d like to be able to kiss you whenever I want,” Tony said, voice rough.
Steve jerked at the thought--no, jerked at so suddenly having the thought--because the thought itself sounded kinda nice actually. The subject of his thoughts huddled even closer to him, probably out of concern from the sharp movement Steve had just made. Now Tony’s legs were pressed along the back of Steve’s as he pushed up, presumably trying to catch Steve’s eye. Steve clenched his eyes closed.
Steve closed the laptop; he knew everything it’d tell him about Tony Stark, knew more even...except. The SHIELD file on the Stark Family contained the most information on Howard. He was a founder, a former acquaintance of Steve. It had the least on Maria, a bit on Mr. Jarvis, and then there was Tony. He’d memorized the file like he memorized anything else he turned his eidetic memory to, but that photograph of a twenty one year old, recently orphaned Tony looked absolutely nothing like the weak and withering man he’d seen on the street. His cheeks had hollowed out, his skin turned a muted beige, with purple, sunken eyes. The bruises…
“Oh?” Steve lowered the Switch, stretching his body under Tony’s hands. “What’s that?”
“Cheeky.” Tony swatted at his ass. “I bet you’re hard again.” A firm grip against Steve’s shoulder and Tony was turning him to see how right he was. “I’m going to have to invent a way to keep up with you. Make sure you’re taken care of the way you need.” Tony trailed his finger from his waistband to his nipple, circling the sensitive skin. “Do you like toys?” He bent down to lick at the nub. “I can make you all sorts of goodies.” He bit and Steve gasped at the pleasure and pain. “Would you like that?”
Tony's whisper broke through Steve’s thoughts like a shout. “You felt that strongly….all to save my life?”
“Well, then you’d probably like to know that you do it more often than I’d like, especially when I’m in the workshop focusing on--”
The man sputtered. “What?
“You don’t have to explain anything to me. Just tell me how to help.”
“I bet I can find a way to wear you out."
“I really want to kiss you,” Steve whispered in his ear. Tony’s breath caught in surprise, at how natural, how sure, the words sounded as they fell from Steve’s mouth. “Been wanting to all day,” Steve confessed.
Tony sat in silence for a moment then shook his head. “I’m not leaving my family’s home. I can’t let him win that way.” Inside Steve roared, but he had to bite his tongue. He wanted to throw Tony over his shoulder and take him by force out of the tower. But he knew to do so would be against everything that mattered, would tear down the trust they’d built over these weeks, would ruin what they had built together in snuck away Wednesdays every other week and late at night text conversations. No. He was trapped here for as long as Tony was, but that didn’t mean they were helpless.
Tony cleared his throat. Steve lifted his eyebrows in lieu of his eyes as he pressed the A button to plant the peach in the hole he’d dug. “There. What was it you said?”
“Maybe we should--” He was cut off by a sound even louder than the name chant had been, it was as if each and every fan leaned forward facing the same direction -- a line of cars had arrived -- and shrieked as loudly as possible.
Pepper wondered if Steve knew the responsibility behind the power he yielded. On the battlefield, yes, but what about off it…
He hadn’t even made it back to his apartment and Tony had messaged him. Steve imagined him silently standing on the other side of the door, eye pressed to the peephole, watching Steve.
Steve snorted. “Yet.”
“Or you can call me a helmet.”
“Mine,” Steve hissed. “God, Tony, you’re mine.” Steve’s body curled in even more over him, his words melting into inarticulate groans. The hand gripped his hair tighter and then suddenly Tony’s mouth was abandoned as Steve pulled out. Steve collapsed against the wall and his bracing hand dropped to his cock just in time as he groaned and came all over Tony’s face.
“Probably about as much as you ever listened,” Steve shot back but it was interrupted halfway through with a yawn. In front of the pilot chair there was a deck of buttons and screens of information. One listed the countdown till “night time”.
Steve nodded. He didn’t trust his voice. He wasn’t sure he could trust his knees not to give out.
In the end, the truth revealed itself. As soon as the shapeshifters were knocked unconscious--three by Cap’s shield and one by the force of Tony’s gauntlet--the four shapeshifters reverted back to their actual form: bluish skin with a row of yellow horns along their foreheads. Steve pulled a phone out of his back pocket, presumably contacting SHIELD, and Tony took a step closer, unable to contain his curiosity. It wasn’t everyday he came face to face with an extraterrestrial that wasn’t Thor.
“What? He obviously knew who I was. The rest of them were betas inside. Right?”
“You get them,” Tony breathed out.
“They’re good,” Steve whispered into his ear. “Convey a lot of emotion, despite the language barrier.”
His pencil curved through the shadow and it reminded him of the way Tony’s hair curled at the edges.
Steve sat at the edge of the capsule and looked over a Tony from over his shoulder. “You’re the stowaway here, Stark.” With a deep breath, he lay down, his entire left side pressed into Tony’s right. His feet hung out of the edge of the capsule, knocking against Tony’s. He stared at the ceiling as the weight next to him shifted onto its side, facing the wall and Steve was able to settle into the extra space Tony had created.
“None of that’s your fault.”
Steve worried at his lip, wondering if he had imagined the growing tension from earlier, until Tony settled back into his chair, monologue over, and held Steve’s gaze in silence for a moment. “I need you to do exactly as I tell you.”
Steve pulled the ribbon and stared at the camera nestled inside the box.
“This is command to Galaxy9, T minus thirty seconds till take off.”
An obvious change of subject.
It didn’t take long--the city wasn’t that large--before Tony heard a crash from the window at the far end of the hallway and a helmet came whizzing by, pulling the garland off the walls with the force of its speed. Steve reached out a hand and caught it easily, and an appreciative “damn” may have slipped out from under Tony’s breath, because Steve’s gaze flicked to him, one eyebrow raised before he slid on the helmet.
“That’s rich.” Tony’s words dripped with disdain, but Steve knew it wasn’t directed at him. “You’re the last person that needs to apologize for anything that’s going on back there.”
Laughing, Bucky scrolled through the movies. “Okay, Happy Feet it is.”
“That’s my favorite of my titles."
The electricians and other NASA personnel had already taken the elevator down. The command center was ready for takeoff. All that remained was the fact that there were two men standing in the center of the spaceship primed for a solo mission.
the opposing parties.
Anything to stop the maddening raspberries that Steve was blowing onto the sensitive spots of his stomach.
Steve’s rhythm sped up. Tony’s head banged painfully against the wall again, and he closed his eyes, losing himself in the exquisite pleasure of being Steve’s plaything. His own erection strained, forgotten, in his pants, his hands clasped impossibly tight around the dog tags, terrified that if he dropped them by mistake, Steve would stop, leaving him bereft.
“You heard him, JARVIS.”
Steve had drawn this fountain, back before the War. He slid his pencil around the outline of the figure, and sketched the statue’s eyes into familiar brown ones. He gripped the pencil tighter. It was easier to focus his strength on the fragile tool than let his mind wander. Everything came back to Tony.
They’d gone to battle together before, Tony couldn’t even count how many times; but this was the first time they’d gone into battle since Bucky had kissed him. Smoke billowed overhead, the debris of the fight all around him, the stench of a charred car almost enough to derail him from his single-minded focus: he needed to find Bucky.
But with that way came consequences, ones that would be bad for him but, more importantly, horrible for Tony. Especially if something went wrong.
Steve let out a bark of a laugh. “Very,
Tony's manic mouth started to move a mile a minute drawing Steve's gaze back up. “I had this thought, I honestly don’t know how I didn’t have it before, but it’s all I need to fix the cycling issue and even, dare I say, stop that pesky little short that happens if I go for a run and then touch metal while simultaneously running the microwave.” Tony tipped his chair back and tapped the fingers of one hand on the arc reactor, while the other held up the carefully shaped ring from the workbench. “Just a small addition to the casing. It’s genius, if I do say so myself, which I do, almost daily.”
Reading the name made Steve’s jaw clench. It seared into his memory in bolded, angry red. His mind provided a loop of the man gripping Tony’s throat. In his mind, he stepped forward. In his mind, he pulled the man’s arm away or he got in between them both, or he ripped his hand straight off his wrist. Steve could do it, the serum had given him the ability.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter and thank you so much for reading. Sending you all a big, virtual hug.
Steve wanted to lunge across the room and gauge out the man’s eyes with his thumbs--it wasn’t something he’d ever done before but to feel the satisfying crunch under his fingers--Steve’s fingers twitched at the thought.
The panic did not recede. “You spelled my beautiful face!”
They ushered him in and Coulson didn’t even blink at Stane’s corpse, instead he turned and greeted Tony with an outstretched hand. A pang shot through Steve when Tony stopped, flicking his gaze at Stane, the alpha that used to control who he met and associated with, now dead. Confusion, fear, hope, a countless number of emotions painted Tony’s expression, adrift for the first time without someone to tell him what to do.
The man’s hold only tightened.
“That’s a very good point, Mr. Stark.”
“Is that all you’re going to say for the next four months?” Tony asked, the boots humming to life, lifting him off the spaceship floor. The rumble of the engines quickly overpowered the hum of the repulsors, and Steve’s attention swung and stuck to the window that aimed up into the sky--the sky he was about to shoot up into for the first time in his life. Tony hovered in the air at the rear of the cockpit. “Then take the damn chair.”
Steve admitted to himself that it was an obvious failing in his own leadership that they were still deciding if the mission belonged to Steve or Tony, minutes before takeoff. In Steve’s defense, he had claimed the mission first. Tony had just immediately rejected that claim.
“Well, like I said, SHIELD...and your dad. Apparently.” Steve took a deep breath, trying to will down the effects of their kiss, but their aroused scents still clung to the air, making it nearly impossible. “Here, let's sit down.” He led them over to a discarded sofa that held even more of his past possessions. “Coulson told me that together they’d been searching for years. SHIELD found me right after he passed.”
Another name shone, light blue and cursive in his mind, overriding the other with its presence:
They stood there for a moment, each probably more focused on the omega upstairs in a Board Meeting than what was happening in the kitchen, but then a pot of food hissed and Steve broke away. “I should go. If Stane--”
Behind them the crowd that had been singing songs in various languages, picked up the names on the paper like they were all reading them in unison from over Steve and Tony’s shoulders. Steve’s blue gaze met Tony’s, pinched with confusion. The roar of names turned deafening until they ended with, “Jeon Jungkook,” and then there was a loud, boisterous scream that sounded almost near able to break the sound barrier and at once they started rocking the light sticks they all seemed to be carrying back and forth.
Steve’s lips parted of their own accord, drawing in Tony’s sweet breath, willing him closer.
Steve gave him no time to adjust, pushing all the way in. Tony barely had time to savour the salty taste of precum before Steve’s cock hit the back of his throat, and it was all he could do to keep from gagging. He focused on relaxing, opening up to take in all of him as Steve set a punishing rhythm, thrusting into Tony’s willing mouth.
“My come is all over you, and you look gorgeous. No one else can mark you this way, not even your own come, unless I say.” His body tried to grow harder under Steve’s hand but the pressure remained. “Do you think you can wait?”
They all ate and Steve and Tony stood and kept watch, unable to pick up any of the Korean flying between them. Then, as one, they appeared to finish their meal and stood up, cleaning their area and walking towards the stage exit.
Behind them the crinkling sound of audio equipment being turned on morphed into the first notes of a familiar Christmas song. His big fan, Jungkook--the one making googly eyes and had arrived late (Tony tried to ignore his ironic similarities with the member)--raised a purple studded microphone and started the first lines of
“Yes, Tony.” Steve swallowed. “I’d like that very much.”
“You’ll see.” That didn’t sound too ominous, and Steve let most of his major concerns fall away. Tony seemed well enough, healthy, and happy to be sharing this surprise with Steve. He was practically bouncing next to him, bumping their arms, and mixing their scents together. Steve had wondered once if Stane ever smelled him in the apartment, but Tony assured him he thoroughly cleaned himself and Mr. Jarvis descented the rooms they were in before Stane returned home. There was a pang in Steve's chest at that, at the thought of their mixed scent being covered by cleaning supplies, but he understood. Still, it meant that Steve cherished their scents freely mixing, in the stolen moments that they had together.
With Tony’s guidance Steve teased apart the tiny pieces of the arc reactor and inserted the new piece, clicking it into place behind the vibranium housing.
An unsteady breath broke between his lips and he gave in for just a moment, pressing his palm into his lap. His hips jerked to meet the pressure, and he knew he could come through the ring, knew that if he kept it up that was where he was going to end up.
Even as Tony’s face twisted with betrayal.
Too bad the danger was in the Tower as well.
Tony kicked himself away from the wall and headed down the path they’d been walking before he’d been spelled. “You’re the one blushing from my accent compliment.”
To be continued...
The asphalt was hard underfoot as he ran, fast, down the street before taking off into the air, the suit forming around him, pressing into his bruised ribs.
Before he could even get a word out, Anthony cut him off. “The reason Tony can’t bleed on it himself is because there's already two of him here! So it’s easy to conclude what might happen if
“Yeah,” Bucky whispered in agreement. “Your punishment is to watch. For now.” He crawled away from Tony, coming to hover over Steve just long enough to bite his collarbone hard before returning back to Tony at the foot of the bed.
Steve saw red; he’d heard enough from Obadiah Stane. He stepped forward and grabbed Tony around the waist, pulling him back to his side. Stane sputtered, momentarily confused then he shuffled quickly to his feet, wide eyes crazed with panic. Stane pushed back his suit jacket and slid a gun from a holster on his belt.
“Some people don’t feel clean without the assistance of water.”
On his way down Tony swore he heard James yell, “Wait! What?!”
Tony felt his face flush, and even with the ring on, a throb shot through his cock, making it bounce. He tucked his cock back into his pants. They were loose but reinforced to hide the erection he’d probably be sporting the entire day if Steve had anything to say about it.
“Too bad we didn’t have time to paint it blue.”
Tony heard the challenge in Steve’s suggestion, and Tony forced himself to loosen his grip. “This isn’t my first time shooting across the sky. Lead the way, Professor.”
Steve slipped his hand into his pocket, making the vibrations stop. Tony gasped, both missing the sensation that had tortured him for hours and almost certain he wouldn’t be able to move a muscle for a long while. But then Steve leaned back from his cock, tongue coming out to lick his abused lips. Tony wanted to reach out, could see the bulge in Steve’s pants that begged for his attention.
But Tony stood by his side trembling. He needed Steve, but not to help with vengeance or murder. He needed to escape. He slid an arm around Tony’s waist, and Tony leaned in close, a new, stranger's face covering his own.
He wasn’t wearing anything under them.
Tony pushed to his feet and looked towards his gauntlet, pressing a few unresponsive buttons before shaking his head. “For now, maybe you can give me a ride back to the helicarrier?”
Steve ran. If he hadn’t been enhanced, he’d never had made it down the stairs as fast as he did, out into the lobby, even as the front desk guards started screaming at him too. He ran through the doors and kept running until he was halfway back to his apartment.
But all Steve saw was the thin metal chain; twisted steel from the handlebar to Tony’s wrist. His tan skin was a stark contrast against the cuffs and Steve imagined his own wrist there, pressed between metal and Tony Stark’s suit. His cock shifted in his uniform and he had to get his thoughts under control or else his situation would soon be obvious.
Steve thought quickly. Going through the front door was not his ideal plan. “They’ll probably call the head of the cleaning crew then, yeah?” Steve shuffled his feet, rubbed the back of his neck. “She’s already on his bad side, and I don’t know how he’d feel about her forgetting not only her MetroCard but also her work ID.”
After the ice one thing remained the same: Captain America gave the orders. In the middle of battle his world narrowed to a calm and controllable moment. When they fought the super-villain of the week, he knew what to do. He knew how to get his men in and out, how to minimize the damage. On the battlefield he gave the orders.
“Ah- Tony, your mouth is so hot. You take my cock so well. So filthy.” Steve squeezed the base of his dick once, then ran his thumb along the corner of Tony’s mouth, spreading spit down his chin. The hand traveled back up to Tony’s hair and gripped tight. Tony jerked his head back against the wall, thrilling in the pull of those clever fingers. “I could use you all day, choking on my cock, whatever I want.”
Now Steve could and he felt bile rise in his throat.
Tony paused against Bucky’s neck, turned his head to look at Steve with pupils blown, eyes full of wanting, and it was like they were designed to teeter him over the edge right into madness, if not distraction.  A growl formed in his chest and he pushed his paperwork away, the desk chair flying into the wall behind him, when he quickly stood and came around the desk.
Steve swallowed hard and heard Tony suck in a breath as he leaned back again. Steve mourned the loss of his warmth, but then the hand was back, sliding down his chest, lulling him back into that magical place of hypersensitive peace.
It was cute. But they didn’t have time to play “You’re My Idol,” and Steve was pushing open the door already, looking over his shoulder at the seven young men.
He knew he was walking in the direction of Stark Tower, and that he had no plan, only seething, red tunnel vision, but at this point Steve didn’t care. He was going to be consumed by Tony Stark anyway, he might as well be physically near him too. Plus, there was the most important factor to consider, the one he’d been pushing to the back of his mind: he was Captain America, and rushing into that building, finding Tony Stark, and removing him would be
Tony sighed, jabbing his knuckles again. “We need to be prepared for it to happen.”
“You just performed nonconsensual magic on me.” Tony felt like his jaw had been permanently open since he landed in this world; he once again snapped it shut. “Now you’re laughing.” A bubble of crazed laughter built in his own chest. “I hope you at least changed me into someone hot.”
That one made Steve lift his eyebrow in amusement, gaze still firmly fixed on his paperwork. “Is that so?”
Steve's lap, covered in those damn khakis of his. The image featured a good amount of his thighs, spread open just a tease, with the hand not holding the camera gripping his inner thigh. Tony loved Steve’s hands, big and strong, able to wrap around Tony with ease. Tony could feel that grip along his own inner thigh, teasing up to drag talented fingers lightly against his balls.
But there didn’t seem to be any shawarma joints around here, or any Chitauri invaders.
“Take out your cock.”
He knew he would sit on the cushion by Tony’s feet. They both knew it.
That piqued Tony’s interest. “You know about--?”
Tony looked down at him, pieces of armor hanging around him, but his cock still in Steve’s mouth and shock evident on his face. Eyes wide with awe, chest panting, his face red and helmet askew. Steve couldn’t help the wink he gave Tony as he sucked every, last drop.
Tony could do whatever he wanted--but Steve still gasped when what the man chose to do was paste his chest and thighs along Steve's back, bringing his hips right back to where they were when this whole mess had started. His forehead fell to the nape of Steve's neck and stayed there as his hands started to move up along Steve’s abdomen, dragging the sleepshirt up with them. “Let me know if I should stop,” Tony whispered into his neck.
They quietly walked around the corner of the green room, their reflections the only ones along the row of vanity mirrors. To the left was a closet with a closed door. There was a soft bang then shuffling from inside. Tony tried to think if the blueprints he saw had any air vents that led from the hallway to this closet, but the reason they’d chosen this green room for the group was because of its security--the shuffling stopped, a few hushed laughs and the door swung open.
Tony shook his head. “He’s found me before--” Tony’s arm fell over the edge of the sofa and he knocked the floor with his knuckles. “I trusted the wrong person back then. He told his father where we were and that was enough…”
The hand disappeared then reappeared in front of his pants, wrapping around his cock with such casual disregard. Tony shuddered, dropped his head between his shoulders but otherwise didn’t move as Steve used his other hand to slide down his pants, one inch after another, freeing his ass from the suit. “There it is,” Steve whispered as cool air hit his skin. “Think you can lower that pretty face of yours against the mattress and spread your cheeks for me?”
He wanted to be rash. Never before did two weeks seem so much like a lifetime, every minute bringing him closer and reminding him how many more he had to suffer through. There were times he thought maybe he could sneak in, maybe it wouldn’t be such a bad thing if Stane turned the corner and came face to face with a nanomasked Steve. Some nights he played out the scenario, his dark and bloody fantasies a hidden secret between him and his bedroom ceiling.
“We’ll find a way to reach them. It’ll be okay. For now--” Steve reached onto the ground and lifted the mask. Steve stepped close, into Tony’s personal space, and lifted it to his face. Tony didn’t flinch this time, but he did hold his breath as he raised his chin to signal for Steve to slip on the mask. They were so close, and Steve wanted to wrap him close, keep him safe in his arms and bring the world around him down in flames. He wanted to kill Obadiah Stane slowly, let him watch the pain Steve could inflict, one bruise for every one he’d ever painted on Tony’s skin. Make him bleed for every drop he’d made Tony spill.
“You don’t have to--”
Fear rushed blood into his ears, the thumping heartbeat blurring out anything else, anything other than the need to get to their hotel room.
Tony looked over the chess pieces, ignoring Steve’s hundredth offer of assistance. This time, his stomach churned because Tony didn’t know it all, the whole truth, and maybe he would want Captain America to tear down his alpha and help Tony break the bond he so obviously detested. Along his arms were bruises that Steve knew would match Stane’s fingerprints. The scent of slick surrounded them because, what? An induced heat or something similar. Tony writhing on the medical bed, strapped down and body wanting. At least, physically. Steve’s heart twisted, and it took Tony moving his bishop to a clever spot for Steve to snap back into the present. Tony was looking at him.
“What did you find out?” Tony asked, tone even, and Steve had to admire his bravery, throughout it all. Steve explained what Coulson said about illicit trade partners and suspicious activity around SI recently.
him?”
“Soul piece?”
Oh. Tony was being baited. He narrowed  his gaze, running a few quick calculations before picking up his phone and pressing the button that had FRIDAY shuffling around his schedule. “Make a left here.” Tony pointed at the Exit sign.
It was time to get smart.
“Me neither. But either way.”
Immediately drawing Tony’s attention by humming to himself, Steve traced his finger over the words on the paper as he leaned even closer to Tony. Tony had to hold his breath or else he’d be distracted by the sandalwood scent of Steve’s shampoo. They kept passing by doors that presumably led to private dressing rooms, and if he inhaled enough of Steve’s scent, he was going to want to throw him into one of those empty rooms, or at least find some hanging mistletoe, instead of focusing on their mission.
“Oh sure! That’s all this is. You’re not looking for the lurid details about how the doctor held me down, as Obie stretched me open, too fast and too rough. The way the doctor examined my slick off the glove, how he sniffed it and licked it when Obie crudely offered a taste from the source, is that what you want to hear Steve?”
There was a long, tense moment where Steve was reminded of all the other tense moments between them, the ones that made his jaw clench with anger and frustration. But one thing had been certain: he was not going to let Tony Stark die. “I needed to catch you.”
Steve’s hands gripped where they’d been resting on Tony’s hips, momentarily shocked by the word
Within moments he was putting an arm around each of them and they were sinking into his touch. He took Bucky’s mouth as Tony’s lips found his neck. Steve’s eyes slid closed and after a moment Bucky pulled back and Tony was there, sliding his tongue into his mouth.
“Damn. Gonna have to move up my flying car plans.”
, and then there was the sound of lips on skin and Steve was only so strong. He looked up just in time to see them come together, each pushing to control the kiss then relenting in turn. Tony pulled away first, breath hitched and his mouth wet and shining in the overhead office light. Steve could easily recall the taste of him, the feeling of being in the middle of their embrace.
The omega had wandered over to a window, looking at the suited mannequins and Steve could see his blank expression.
“No, no, nothing like that. I still want to keep kissing you for as long as you let me, but what the hell!” He was shouting but he was still grinning, still holding Steve close. Relief started to eat away at the stunned, paralyzing shock of Tony finally knowing, and not even because he was brave enough to pull him aside and tell him, but because it slipped out.
“I’m--” he cut himself off. Steve wasn’t doing this for himself, and he wasn’t going to argue against the position. “You’re right. He deserves better. I want to help. I told him, and now I’m showing him. He doesn’t need to take them, he can flush them down the toilet if he wants. But if he wants to take them, tell him that I can get him a pack for next month, or try to see if I can get a whole year's worth. If he wants. It’s available, now, with an alpha’s permission.”
“This is command to Galaxy9,” Operations said in Steve’s ear, and presumably Tony’s ear from the way that he also stopped talking. “T minus sixty seconds till take off.” Their eyes swung to one another, urgency underlining their glare this time.
“I’m sure you can leave it at the front desk,” the woman replied. “Right around the corner there.”
“Horcrux.” Anthony must have seen the confusion on his face. “It held a piece of a man’s soul. A horrible, evil man,” he clarified simply, but the words left a heavy weight on his shoulders, sunk him down so he perched on one of the desks across from Tony.
Tony did, moving to wrap a hand around Steve’s waist and, after he was securely standing on Tony’s boots, the repulsors shot off the concrete. They were close to the tower, and he didn’t have to focus on the hold, knowing Tony had him, he could pay attention instead to the way the armor felt under his hands, the strength of it, the way that it made Tony strong. There was something about this man,
“That’s why we’re here, Cap.”
“Sir, we need to go.” It was the first words he heard from the younger man, whispered under his breath and aimed to the floor. The alpha gritted his teeth, but still kept his gaze on Steve. Down the street, the noon bells began to chime, ultimately breaking their standoff.
He heard the rustling of his cape, not wanting to take his eyes off his ticket home. “This metal circle?”
Steve sat.
Tony’s smirk grew wider. “I’ll make sure to go say hi and make him faint then.” It seemed to be the correct reply because Taehyung nudged his shoulder in friendly camaraderie.
The field of sunflowers spanned out in front of Bucky, seemingly endless. He’d pulled over along the side of the road, back resting against the ancient blue Volkswagen van. It matched the color the sky, and it wasn’t in Bucky’s nature to stop and smell the flowers, he never made it a habit to take in the small details of life. A part of him wondered why he was even out here now.
“I've
Facing away from Tony, Steve squeezed his eyes hard and tried not to focus on the muscular corners and soft edges of Tony’s chest and stomach. His arms pressed into the sides of Steve’s back, a smaller frame that would fit so well in Steve’s hold if he were to turn around.
Steve smirked, and Tony felt it lodge in his chest. “No it's not.”
The whimper that left his body made him grateful Tony had stayed in the hallway; the thought of Tony made his feet start moving. He rushed to the closet and continued his mission.
People always assumed that would transfer to the bedroom, as well.
“Tony!” Anthony hissed, but the Steve on the other side of the portal just laughed and shifted closer to Anthony.
“You don’t have to explain to me. We do what we can, but it’s never enough. It’s like that demon finds new ways to make that boy's life miserable and,” she broke off with a heavy breath. “I’m glad you’re here now, Steve. You bring a light with you, no matter what face you wear.”
“We should tell him,” Tony blurted out.
“Not anymore.”
Mission unaccomplished. “You…hmmm,” Clint narrowed his gaze.
He nudged until Steve tipped onto the rug, removing his own pants before standing with one leg on either side of Steve's, to take another series of photos. Then he slid down to straddle him. “I'm going to pull you out, and wrap my hand around our cocks. Do you want that?
Happy slid down on the couch, wishing he could ask JARVIS to teleport him anywhere else. Why hadn’t he gone down to the SI mess hall for lunch instead of the Avengers Tower kitchen?
Tony slid his hands out from under Steve’s then placed them over his, trading places. He gripped tightly. “Okay.” Tony nodded, the corners of his lips starting to flick up into a smile. “After all, how can I say no to the Star Spangled Man with a Plan?”
Maybe it was because he’d spent so much time behind the armor, or maybe it was because of their fight before their launch--along with every other fight they’d had up until that point, but Steve couldn’t help but face the undeniable truth that if it was any other member on their team, he wouldn’t be feeling so on edge. Only a sliver of space remained between them when Steve settled into the small sleeping compartment, and it was as if Tony had been waiting for him to lay down to curl off of the wall and into the unoccupied space, pressing right up against Steve.
On the bed, Tony stretched and groaned, sheets sliding down to his waist when he sat up and swung his head to Steve. “You’re on the floor.”
“Captain--!”
Steve, so like his own, seemed to want to help him out and filled in the blanks. “I can show him the Quidditch pitch. Let me just take a quick shower--” Tony wondered if he imagined all three of their faces turning a shade redder “--and you guys can wait right inside.”
A couple days later, Steve found Tony curled up, back to him, in their bed. The wooden box felt heavy in his hands as Steve kneed onto the mattress, dipping it with his weight. He caught sight of the tablet in Tony’s hands. “You’re awake?” he asked, and Tony unfurled, setting aside his book and sitting up. Steve could easily read the expectation on his face.
“So I help you free yourself.”
Tony felt his cheeks heat at the thought, at how wrong it was. Pressing his lips together, he willed back his smirk as he handed Steve the drink with a wink. The drink Steve had ordered him to make.
he had whispered, what seemed like forever ago.
“Fuck, Steve,” Tony whispered, a hot hiss as he made his fingers stop moving. Steve held his breath, his entire being focused on the fingers and if, when, how they would move again. So when it was Tony’s hips that moved instead, dragging along Steve’s backside, he was woefully unprepared. That was his reasoning behind the desperate whimper that ripped from his throat at the first feel of Tony’s erection against his ass.
“Oh fuck, you impossible contrarian.”
Steve felt Tony’s heavy gaze on him but it was too easy to keep his on the objects in front of him, around him, hidden in little corners and crannies. All of it was his. Because someone thought them worth saving. He felt cold, definitely in shock, and though it registered that Steve just outed himself, he couldn’t quite feel any remorse.
The next morning he woke up early, long before the sun, and made his way to Stark Tower. The route was familiar but every time he walked it, he wore an unfamiliar face, not taking any chances when he had the nanomask available to him. As he approached the alleyway door, he knocked a practiced pattern and waited. After a minute, the door slid open to Chef Ana’s smiling face. “Steve, what a surprise.” She stepped back to let him in, her smile sliding from her face as she took in his expression. “I’m guessing this isn’t a happy visit.” She looked to the clock. “They’re upstairs in a Board meeting right now.”
After a moment, Tony broke away with a gasp. “Use that big hand to wrap around us both.” He shifted, bringing his cock and Steve’s hand closer to where Tony’s hand wrapped around Steve.
“I am not.”
“Hey, hey.” Tony’s hands tightened on his shoulders. “I get it. And, hey! Technically you did tell me.” He leaned in again, pulling Steve into a kiss and his head was spinning from it all, the revelation, their first kiss, the way Tony fit so perfectly in his arms. It was terribly hard to pull back, but he needed Tony to know, to understand. “I really am sorry,” he whispered against his lips.
a reassuring smile, after everything.
Tony snorted. “I’m literally sitting here broken in front of you.”
With no other plan in mind, he broke from the trees and headed for the castle. No one stopped him, though the kids on the other side of the lake looked up at him, waved, then returned to their game. He waved back, his hand feeling as surreal and confused as the rest of him. The castle only grew as he approached, and he lifted his head as its foreboding stone cut off the sky. The doors were nearly three stories high, but Tony pushed them open easily, far easier than he expected.
to finish up some paperwork.
It was a message for Steve, it had to be. The fine, fixed handwriting--it was Ana, leaving him a location. She was always the one to tell Steve where Tony was on their Wednesdays.
“A true philanthropist.”
Today was all about overstepping, apparently. And Steve had no intention of stopping.
It was the hum of a note ringing through the penthouse, long after the piano key was played, that slipped into Tony’s sleep and pulled him awake. He hadn’t woken to the sounds of his mother’s piano in far longer than he could remember. He stretched to the sounds of it, the silk sheets running over his naked legs.
He sat frozen to the bench, waiting for Tony’s next words.
His jaw dropped and Tony seemed to take it as excitement and not the frantic growing of panic souring his gut.
The wind shifted when Anthony pulled up next to them wearing a wide smile and eyes just for Steve. They spent the afternoon criss-crossing on broomsticks across the sky.
murmured into the dip of his spine and goosebumps emanated from the spot, shivering down between his thighs.
But he did, and there was no unshattering the glass inside Steve’s mind.
“I was late, Pepper had already called me about 37 times to tell me I’d better get my ass down to the office, but I couldn’t leave without knowing that you would let me do this. I shouldn’t have bothered going into the office anyway - all I could think about through the whole damn meeting was you. All the things I want to do with you. To you. The things I want you to do.”
“Right…”
(See the end of the chapter for
He could still feel Tony's hot breath whispering the lone command into his ear, the memory of it controlling his movements even while Tony sat several tables away. He imagined what else he would want him to do...
Steve ignored the part of him that was disappointed by that outcome and clicked open the shared drive. He searched for Obadiah Stane and hundreds of documents loaded. The first one dated back to SHIELD’s first contract with SI for modified assault rifles, with the most recent document mentioning a design SHIELD was, apparently, attempting to poach, called Jericho.
“...but you’re sitting.”
“Tony, I--” Steve broke off with a groan. “Sitting through that debriefing was torture; knowing you were here, waiting for me, covered in my come and tied to our bed--Fuck, I’m not going to last long. Tony, so good,” he moaned, and then he was coming thick beads of come down his throat. Tony held Steve’s cock in his mouth, sucking lightly as he nursed the final drop, until Steve pulled out and wiped his spent cock along Tony’s lips.
Anthony shushed him from between his teeth, which swung Professor Rogers’ suspicious gaze onto him. “Are you two...together?”
Steve snorted. “Maybe it’s just something we have in common.”
Closing their hotel room door behind them was like an echo of their alone-ness. They’d been by themselves dozens of times, but for some reason it felt different outside the shadow of the tower.
Tony lowered his helmet, shaking his head with relieved laughter, hands coming up to frame James’ face. “Yeah. I’m going to need to kiss you. Hard.”
Ship: Steve/Tony
“My mother,” Tony supplied. “She put it together. Used every allowance Howard gave her, all of it went to this.”
“I know,” Tony said with another soft kiss.
(See the end of the chapter for
Through the black night he climbed, silent in his movements even as the wind picked up. He made it to top, turned immediately into position on his perch. There was a man that HYDRA deemed needed a bullet in their head. The Soldier looked through the scope of his sniper, scanning over the building across the street, the white light windows each their own flicker of life, easily discarded when the Soldier determined they were not his mark.
“Very good.” Then he pushed Steve back so his ass dragged along the seat and he saw stars. By the time he had recovered, Tony had his pants unbuttoned and was pulling out Steve’s swollen cock. The first drag of Tony’s tongue around the tip almost had Steve believing he’d be able to last a few minutes. But then Tony sucked him down long and hard, so that Steve hit the back of his throat. His hips jolted, knocking the plug against his prostate and then Tony swallowed. Steve was done for, hips raising into Tony’s hands, cock pulsing in his throat and Steve shivered as wave after wave of pleasure shot from his prostate to the tip of his cock.
Steve sat on the bench, in the middle of Central Park, on fire, and nodded.
He flew from the room but was still able to hear Tony's shouted “bye” through the door. His scent permeated around him, flooding the hallway and sticking to Steve’s clothes. It was going to follow Steve home.
Tony smirked, stepping even closer to Steve and lowering his voice, because one challenging spark met another. “So we agree, you’re distracting.”
Obadiah Stane.
The world appeared in black and white. The dark shadows of the New York City skyline a stark silhouette against the vibrant white of the moon. The Soldier had a mission, and with a single minded focus he prowled through the alley, silently hooking his metal hand around the ladder of a fire escape that hung over his head.
They were obviously well off. The bruises on Tony’s neck had matched the dark navy suit he’d been wearing. The alpha’s watch probably cost more than Steve's SHIELD-issued apartment.
But inside the hotel room, the worry didn’t cease. Tony was awake, cheeseburger debris strewn across the table but even after he’d knocked, Tony jumped when Steve opened the door, and sat on the bed with relief when he saw that it was Steve. His shoulders tensed again when Tony took a breath, the hotel air now mixing with Steve’s alpha scent.
“Hey,” Steve whispered as he pushed the door shut behind him.
And Steve hadn’t even started the vibrations.
Steve gasped before he could even think to mask his reaction. “You’re barely twenty three.”
“Can you hear me now?” Tony joked to himself, but he wasn’t by himself. Even across the universes, there was another him standing next to another Steve, well on their way to finding one another. He turned to face his Steve and smiled. He was home.
God, this was awkward, but if he stood up and left now, it would draw everyone’s attention to him. Someone might ask him what was wrong and that was not a conversation he wanted to have.
“Beautiful,” Tony whispered after they pulled apart, lying side by side on Steve’s living room rug. All he could do was nod in agreement.
“That’s a good one. Oh my god, could you imagine--”
“That face,” Tony crowded into Steve’s space. “Anyone would be lucky to see you like this. Maybe I'll parade you around-” Tony's hand gripped his shoulder and lowered him to the rug “- on your knees. For everyone to see.”
“Well, you did.” His focus drifted to Steve’s wings. “They’re beautiful.” Tony couldn’t keep the curiosity out of his gaze, and Steve knew one day soon Tony would have a lot of questions about his wings. But for now, Steve watched his expression ease as it floated from the wings to Steve’s face, the awe and surprise shifting to a soft affection. “Thank you for catching me.”
Anthony turned red. “Now don’t you--Blast!--Fine! Okay! Fine. Risk yourself so he can return home. Who cares about the consequences?! Certainly not you! I’ll take a step back.” He did, one hand flexing near the inside pocket of his cloak, where Tony had learned he kept his wand. “I’ll just stand here and watch the third act unfold, don’t mind me.”
A jolt of surprise shot through Tony, for the fact that he hadn’t considered the option, and because Steve obviously felt some level of comfort with his suits enough to suggest it. Tony tried not to consider how hot he found that prospect.
“You’re a muggle.” The man’s tone bore no question, instead he crossed his arms and fixed Tony with a stare. “The
“Buckle up, Cap.” Tony straightened his sunglasses and pasted on a brilliant smile. “Time to meet the talent.”
An offer, not an order.
“Irrelevant,” the other him snapped, sounding as expertly dismissive as Tony himself managed. He pointed to Tony’s hand. “The ring. How did it come to be in your possession? I had the honor of examining it and two other horcruxes a few years ago...”
This was Obadiah Stane’s room.
He gripped hard, feeling the strength of it under his skin, imagining Tony under its layers, unable to feel, wanting to feel; was he aching for Steve’s touch? Steve felt a rush of pleasure, wanted to rip at the armor, pull at its pieces until he could get to Tony. His hands scraped down Tony’s sides, and he gripped, hard. “You look so damn beautiful in this armor, Tony. Always have, even when I first saw you flying across the sky. But
But Coulson wasn’t everyone, and Coulson knew Steve Rogers’ reputation as much as Captain America’s. “We have a recording that puts you by that table in R&D on the day of the theft.”
Coulson answered his own question in the asking of it, but neither of them acknowledged it. “I hope you find what you're looking for Agent Coulson.”
Tony shifted, looked over his shoulder at Steve with a groan. His face crumpled in discomfort. “Hey,” he managed.
“Yeah. A few of them were duets.”
That was the thing about being a superhero, you usually met people on some of the worst days of their lives. “We’ll do our best to get these guys. The rest of our team is on the offensive--attach and catch portion of the mission, “ Tony said.
“Steve!”
Flash.
“But only because you’re here”
Bucky hummed as Tony’s mouth trailed from his lips over his neck, his dark gaze falling over Tony’s shoulder, fixing on Steve. “Yup. He’s choosing paperwork over us–” Bucky broke off with a moan. “Guess he doesn’t want us after all.”
“Because you’re a supersoldier?” Tony rolled his eyes. “If you’d just let me go on this mission--”
“Crap, that’s Happy’s ringtone,” Tony sighed, splashing past Steve as he made his way to the stairs. Steve’s eye followed him, like they’d been doing the entire afternoon. It wasn’t until Tony burst out of the water that Steve realized he’d been holding his breath too.
Steve turned on his heel and froze. Tony stood by the bench, waving his tie expressively in one hand. And he was completely naked.
Tony hummed in reply, for the first time all day wanting to hear the holiday carols instead of shut them out. Steve must have noticed a shift in him or had been similarly affected because his arm wrapped around Tony’s waist for the briefest of moments, squeezing them close as the song finished.
(See the end of the chapter for
instructor--pressed his lips together. Tony knew that expression, even if it was clear Anthony did not: Steve was jealous.
Tony was somewhere in the room watching him. Watching him move it carefully from right to left to shake someone’s hand. Watching the flush creep up the back of his neck.
Steve realized his arm was still around Tony, his hand still tracing down his cheek. “Tony?”
Tony sat up, leaning so that he could see James surface below. Water beaded over his face and chest, as he smiled up at Tony from under the bright afternoon sun. “Come on in,” he shouted.
“Are you going to move?”
The corpse continued to stare up to the ceiling. Steve knew he could’ve killed Stane easily, he could’ve kept this burden from Tony. But the man in his arms--his strength was evident in each long breath he took, with each rise and fall of his shoulders under Steve’s hold--completely alive. By killing Stane, Tony had reclaimed his life.
Steve let out a breathy laugh. “We live together. I know how often you, well, aren’t out.”
(See the end of the chapter for
But instead, Tony zipped him back up and slid into the spot next to Steve. He knew he looked dazed and Tony seemed amused by it. “What do you say, Steve?” Tony asked, his voice taking on that low edge.
know this ring!”
possibilities that existed with the three of them in an enclosed space.
“Says the man dragging me across a spaceship.”
But his worry didn’t cease; if anything it intensified. He sought out signs of the invisible Stark anywhere. He wasn’t on social media and other than official Stark webpages and a byline in Howard Stark’s Wikipedia page, the young man was generally kept hidden.
With the three of them in the alley, the man started to look around, back over his shoulder, concerned, suspicious. Tony slipped off the mask.
Steve smiled. And nodded.
“You do? Oh. You do.”
“Tony...Where are you?”
this, Tony.”
It was Tony who yawned first. Steve’s focus flicked to it. They held out for another twenty minutes or so before it was inevitable. Steve yawned, unable to hold back his stretch. He looked over his shoulder towards the sleep capsule, and Tony caught his gaze. “Want to take the first shift?”
And when Steve pushed open the door, it was Clint who was standing in front of the showers, his back to Steve, a towel wrapped around his waist and his hair wet.
“Is it strange?”
“Wanted to be the one giving you a gift for a change,” Tony said, his voice small, unsure, but hinting towards proud. “Look!” Tony rushed over to a cloth-covered object and pulled down the fabric. It was the chamber he never thought he’d see again, the one he stepped into small and came out of as Captain America.
“Stevie?” Bucky chuckled. “You know our boy better than that. He’s legendarily stubborn.”
Steve couldn’t help himself, he didn’t want Tony to think that’s all he remembered from that day.
“Oh, not aimed at you dear, you’re here doing it right, asking questions and seeking help. Only way to do what you’re doing better, would be if you’d brought in your lovely omega with you.”
“Enough?”
Every so often, Steve would rub his hand up and down Tony’s thigh, his fingertips ghosting along sensitive skin between his legs. The soprano sung while Tony clenched his ass around the toy. He’d known what Steve had in mind when he’d explained his date night idea, handing over the design for a vibrating plug with a remote extension. Over the next couple of days he worked on it, anticipation sparked to life under his skin; the thought of how it’d feel consumed him until the actual evening.
“If you drive us, you can have the mask. Pawn it. Keep it. Either way, you got yourself some high-tech, high-value property.”
Together they assembled, the two stragglers continuing some joke that apparently had started in the car, laughing and shoving each other even as they continued to look like they’d fallen out of the latest Vogue catalogue.
In the middle of the mission was not the time to appreciate, but now that they were back in the Triskelion, and there weren't lasers and hand-to-hand combat around every corner, Steve could let himself focus.
Steve didn’t want to, almost said something, but Stane started shouting again, this time at Tony. “Shut the fuck up, you stupid omega. Did I say you could speak?”
Shit. “Too many technological breakthroughs?” Steve tried to cover.
“Howard, huh?” Coulson asked. “There’s been suspicious activity within SI the past few days…”
That discovery only reinforced Steve’s concerns.
When he pulled back, Tony's eyes were closed. He broke into a smile, eyes fluttering open. "Really?" he asked quietly.
Namjoon crossed his arms over his chest, still seemingly determined. Jungkook on the other hand hissed out a breath and deflated back next to Jimin, breaking into a long tirade in Korean, before finally relenting. Jungkook then looked over at Tony with a shy sort of smile he’d recognized before on many fans' faces. “Go get them Iron Man.” Then he lifted his hand and imitated his gauntlet and the other members laughed and hit him on the shoulder and back, likely only embarrassing him further.
“Stay.”
“That won’t happen this time.” Even as Steve said it, he knew there was no certainty.
“Do you have a car?” Tony asked, apropos of nothing.
More to come this week!
The crashing of the ocean broke against the sand in front of them, the sunset they’d come out to watch had long since fallen over the horizon, just leaving the faint dusk light and the dancing of lightning. Tony knew they’d need to go inside soon, that the wind would bring the cloud to shore and with it the oncoming storm.
“Anything,” Steve breathed out, sleep making his words mushy.
The reference to Tony’s own, personal villain hung in the air between them and Steve needed to explain, all the times he wanted to bust in and rip Stane to pieces. “I wanted to be that for you. Take him out. I could have, easily.” Steve clenched his fists. “I still can.”
Laughing, Steve threw a piece of chocolate at Bucky, whose reflexes allowed him to catch it in his mouth without a second glance.
He wondered what Tony would do with these photos. The thought of him looking at them, hand wrapped around himself, was enough to make him moan. The sound was broken off by Tony’s twisting hand.
Clint reacted, he was a superhero after all, but since his bow and arrows were one storey below, and the biggest weapon he had on hand was in his boxer shorts (and he definitely didn’t want to use it against a knife), he instead ducked low and hid behind the kitchen island. He opened a drawer and pulled out the first thing his hand touched: a whisk. “I’m armed!” Clint warned.
good.” He ran a thumb against Tony’s pink cheek. “But a lot just got revealed, and I don’t want that to get swept away by the power of…”
Steve, not Canada, so keep up.” Tony winked, then made the ferret dance some more, its slender body like jello wrapped in fur. Steve wasn’t even certain how they ended up here. There was a call to the Avengers PR line, an agreement that a Canadian zoo is a perfectly reasonable place to hold a meet-and-greet and Steve really had no one else to blame but himself, for ending up face-to-face with a domesticated polecat and a grinning Stark.
Tony shuffled up to his elbows. He could see through the open bedroom door, Steve in a robe sitting at his mother’s piano. Sun gleamed through the windows, casting a ray of gold over Steve’s hands as they danced over the keys. Tony grabbed the sheet, wrapping it around his body, walking into the living room.
“And what do I want?”
Tony Stark Bingo:
The battle was over, and although its quiet remains lay around them, behind his cowl, Steve was desperate. His hands itched; he wanted to push from the concrete and run over to the man standing in the center of the charred battlefield.
Their first kiss seared into his mind. It happened an embarrassingly short time after their first sparring session. Tony had held his own but ultimately ended up on the mat under James. Being only human, he tried to keep his body from reacting but James saw right through him and fucking smirked. Then he slammed their lips together.
He held his breath, wanting to hear news about Tony, but knowing his name wouldn’t be uttered over the airwaves. The omega had been just out of MIT when his parents passed away, any news corporation would think ignoring him was doing the grieving young man a favor. But without the spotlight, darkness had clearly crept into the forgotten corners of Stark Tower and no one seemed to notice or care. Except for Steve.
“More kissing,” he heard Steve mumble with amusement.
“So you
“No,” Tony broke in. “The scent.” Was all he said as an explanation.
Tony walked over to a shelf, pulled down a piece of fabric and his shield, the one Howard had first showed him so long ago: lightweight but sturdy, made of the strongest metal unknown to man, was glinting in the light before him. Tony ran a finger along its edge before picking it up and hooking it over his arm, turning to place it between them. Steve swallowed at the sight of Tony holding his shield, itched to remember every detail so that he could recreate it later in his sketchbook.
He had no excuses why on his first day off, he found himself sitting on a bench outside of Stark Tower with his sketchbook on his lap. In his pocket was the warm weight of his purchase from the cellphone store. The anxious ball that had formed in his gut when he first saw Tony partially settled just from being this close to him. He knew the omega was in that Tower, and Steve tried not to focus on the fact that he was essentially standing guard.
“Well, I wasn’t going to hit below the belt, but you started it, Posh Spice.”
Steve followed up at SHIELD while Tony did his best to try and reach the Jarvises. Once, halfway through the week, Tony received an email from his Stark Industries inbox. A board member looking for him; Tony threw the phone across the hotel room and did not reply.  It felt like Stane’s spies were everywhere, even if only that one person had contacted Tony directly.
Tony stayed with Steve as he stashed the shield in the closet the two K-pop stars had just occupied, doing a quick visual sweep of its empty interior. He looked at Tony from over his shoulder. “You don’t think….?”
“Seriously, though,” Tony cut in. “I didn’t think you’d do anything like that. Not after...”
"Nothing," Steve whispered. Neither of them spoke for a long moment.
“No.” He wanted to arch up and press their lips together, the tease of Tony's barely there kiss almost too tortuous to bear, but it wasn't his move to make.
“I guess it’s time for rehearsals,” Tony said to Steve.
“Who taught you that blasphemy? Vacation is yachts! Private islands! Sandbars!”
They came to a stop and Anthony swung his broom between his legs and took off like a rocket, up into the air, nearly vertical. It reminded Tony of when he blasted off with the Iron Man armor, leaving nothing but the kickback of air in his wake.
Under the cover of darkness, he pulled out the bag of desserts, and slid his hand in. But before his fingers could wrap around one of the mini pies, a knife went soaring through the air and slammed into the drywall over his shoulder.
Tony, so physically powerful. And all because he was mentally incredible. His arms tightened around Tony’s torso, and Tony’s flightpath waivered just a hair. It thrilled Steve that he managed to affect Tony, but he also didn’t want to fly into a skyscraper so he left his wandering hands still, for now.
Steve barely slept during the week. He split his days at the hotel and his apartment, feeling the entire time that when he was at one place, he should be in the other. His scent made Tony wince, but being far away made Steve panic. The war battled within him every night when Tony turned drowsy - he should go, give him space. He should stay, keep him safe.
“Stark?”
Tony Stark.
He chuckled, and Tony closed his eyes, the sound rolling straight through his erection to land where the plug nailed his prostate. “I’m not going to take you here, Tony. As much as you’d like that."
“JARVIS, we’re one hundred percent sure the helmet can keep out any shapeshiftingness, right?”
Namjoon laughed, looking sheepish. “Right.”
The match came to an end and Steve followed Tony with his gaze and then his feet into the stables. Steve made it in time to watch Tony dismount, leg swinging over the horse and sliding off with ease. The riding crop was still in his hand.
But he had, and he didn’t regret it. Especially now that Tony messaged him. His cheeks warmed as he walked and stared at the phone, completely focused on Tony’s pending reply. He barely stepped around a woman and a stroller, dipped to the nearest subway entrance and started down the stairs. He prayed he wouldn’t lose service.
“There’s no way you could know with any certainty--” Anthony stepped forward, narrowing his gaze.
The answer drew Steve's attention to the row of lockers along the far wall.
Steve froze, heartbeat speeding up and blood shooting against his ear drums. “Right,” he said stiffly. “Well...bye.”
Steve's mouth quirked into a small smile. “Maybe next time.”
Clint grunted, mumbling under his breath. “Don’t call me that.”
Glorious, in the middle of the abandoned city street, helmet retracted to reveal his face. Then he smiled, victorious, and his gaze sought out someone--grin widening when he found Steve.
Steve’s head fell onto Tony’s shoulder as the ensemble sang on stage. “Yes, Tony. Please.”
“For him to kill me.”
What felt like hours later, Tony leaned forward again to whisper against Steve’s mouth, his hands continuing to explore. “I watched you in the park for such a long time, the other day. You were so beautiful, sitting there drawing. I could watch those hands move all day.”
“Yeah. Okay.” Steve had no intention of letting some SHIELD tech stand in the way of them and freedom.
“Absolutely,” Tony agreed with a wink. “And hopefully educational.”
“Wanted a private show?” Tony was able to straighten after another deep breath and came around the podium to stand in front of Steve.
As he walked, he thought he heard all sorts of sounds: the faint trotting of horse hooves, the scattering of spider legs against leaves, trees moving without wind as if they were in the middle of a conversation. A chill ran down his spine, feeling eyes from every direction pinned on him, but every time he looked over his shoulder, he was alone.
Tony looked to Steve, Steve looked back. “Brooklyn?” Steve asked Tony.
More than once, he considered picking up the phone and calling Fury, demanding that SHIELD intervene. And he would’ve, if not for a nagging feeling that Fury would be interested, more than interested, in adding the Stark omega to his collection of assets. A direct line to all that weaponry, to all the company’s connections--Steve didn’t trust him not to use it all to his advantage. Would Fury treat Tony better than Stane? Of that, Steve had no doubt. But Tony would still be under his control, and something about that stilled him before he made the call.
After his first meeting of the day, Tony took the elevator to R&D and lost a couple hours in advancing the launch date. It wasn’t until he was wiping off his hands and putting his crisp, white shirt back on over his tank undershirt and fixing his tie, that he realized Steve hadn’t messaged him in hours.
“I don’t know.” Tony smirked, stepping through the portal as casually as if he was walking through the doorway, wanting to have his Steve in his arms more than anything. When he was finally there, he placed a soft, cherishing kiss against his lips then pulled back. “Are you?”
He pressed the button for the penthouse. Chef Ana put the approval code into the employee elevator before her shift ended.
A snowflake hit Tony’s cheek, then another. He looked so beautiful framed by the white and green landscape, bits of snowfall catching on his lashes. Steve couldn’t resist tossing a chocolate onto his chest, just to see his gaze flicker with surprise then morph into delight.
The memories broke off, perverted and conflated by fantasy and Steve tore his hand away from his cock and rolled over, willing himself to sleep.
WinterIron + sunburn, piña colada, stingray for crownofstardustandbone
Namjoon nodded.
Tony had mostly forgotten about the drink offer until a few hours later. They’d anchored off the coast of an uninhabited island, the clear waters glinting turquoise in the sun. On Tony’s way out to the bow, towel in hand to catch some sun, James called him over to the bar. A couple minutes and a few brushed up bartending skills later, they were walking back out into the sunshine.
“Professor Stark,” a voice greeted from the hut Tony had barely registered as they were passing by. A very familiar voice. He turned, and Steve stepped out into the sun. He was wearing a billowy cotton shirt with tight pants that reminded Tony of breeches. He had on thigh pads, arm pads, and held a helmet under his arm. With cheeks flushed red and hair damp, it was more than obvious he’d been playing some sort of sport. He looked gorgeous. Tony felt his mouth go dry. “Rare to see you out here,” he observed without hostility, only neutral curiosity, though Tony thought he saw animosity flicker when his gaze trailed over to Tony. “And your….friend?”
Yeah. He definitely had a concussion.
R&D wasn’t a floor he was familiar with, but he did his best to take confident strides through the workshops. It was a huge, open area, with small workspaces around the wall, larger projects and their equipment in the center. A quick scan of the room and Steve saw them, a workspace full of mannequin heads, all with different faces on them. The nanomasks.
“Yes, Tony.”
“Tony…”
Tony shifted out of the hug and placed his hands on the piano. He imagined their mothers smiling. “Well then, let’s do this.”
Anthony shouted and the stone lifted in the air. It looked like a struggle, his face pinching and arm shaking as he spun the stone right as a beam shot from its center, turning it away from Steve.
Pleasure rushed to Steve’s groin. “That,” he cleared his throat, “would be good.”
Steve watched Tony's eyes widen, lips part with a mix of surprise and awe. And when he looked up at Steve, he was flush and eager, and Steve knew he had made the right choice.
“You're far too beautiful to be this uncomfortable in your own skin and-”
Steve couldn’t help himself, he tilted his head down for a quick, heated kiss before forcing himself to pull away. “A collar.” He undid the buckle, holding the blue leather braided around a thin chain out for Tony to see. “I designed this for you to help ground you, so I can keep you safe. I did some research and well... When the collar is on that means that you can float, drift. I can protect you; and when it is off, you remain in control. Would you like that?”
With the distraction of the battle gone, it all came back to him in a rush and his focus shot to the sky where Iron Man had disappeared into a rip in space. The only thing he could hear was the rushing of his own heartbeat in his ears; it felt like time both froze and sped up, the only thing that existed was the rip in space, and the glaring lack of Iron Man. Steve yearned, wished, begged himself to think of an answer, a way to save him. It was like a physical force, a need to do something tingling in his veins, under his skin.
Peter crawled in on himself, hair falling in his face as he wrapped his arms around his legs. He was cold, confused and absolutely petrified. Soft sobs filled the room as tears streamed down his face.
‘You know,’ Stane continued as the creators set out their equipment, their black boots squeaking against the stone floor as they readied for surgery. ‘We’ll be able to fix that rotten brain of yours. Turn you into a nice obedient little puppet,’ He grabbed a syringe from the table tray, the needle glistening in the fluorescent lights. ‘But those damn eyes of yours…’
‘Everyone?’ Stark repeated. ‘Even Loki?’ He gulped as the blond’s face remained stern and unmoving, a shiver running down his spine as he squinted his eyes slightly, ‘You mean, the blood found on our victim… You think that might be…?’
?’ he asked, only now noticing how the child nearly drowned in the oversized dark blue dress shirt he was still wearing.
He screamed as an electric shock coursing through his body the moment his fists collided with the door. He jolted backwards, feet slipping down the first step of the stairs causing him to tumble down.
‘Strange,’ Steve greeted the man with a nod.
Thor and Loki.
‘Uh-huh.’
‘Well, not in the form of an injury-’
The man was standing behind a working bench, working on an old oak chair. He looked up with bright blue eyes, his blond hair wrapped in a short ponytail. ‘Thor, Odinson,’ he commented curtly.
Hi everyone and welcome back!
His hand trembled however at the thought of the number of corpses who had rested on this very same mattress.
‘Yes, we get it, Stark,’ Natasha interrupted him as she rolled her eyes, hitting him on the back of his head with a rolled-up file. ‘Were you able to extract DNA?’
Hi everyone, and welcome back.
So, this is it. The final chapter. The moment of truth.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Peter! Brother!’ Thor called out, waving at the two to come closer. ‘Look, the trail, it ends here.’
He knew Steve was a robot, but still…
‘Yes!’ Loki shouted, raising his hands in the air.
They had gathered in the living room of the large mansion on request, tension almost visibly vibrating through the air as Steve’s voice was the only sound that broke the silence. Miss Potts was sitting on the sofa, Wanda sitting left of her and Loki on her right. She nervously eyed the two detectives, her heart beating even faster as she noticed the two uniformed officers who had accompanied the two detectives and were now standing patiently in the corner of the room.
‘Loki Odinson, you are hereby under arrest for voluntary manslaughter,’ Steve stated as his partner cuffed the teen’s wrists. ‘You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say or do may be used as evidence against you in a court of law.’
‘Woow, kid, you okay?’ Tony crouched down, wanting to grab the child’s arm to help him back on his feet and check him for any cuts or other signs of injuries. He quickly redrew his hands though as the teen’s panic only worsened.
‘Yes, sir,’ Loki nodded with a smile, following the Ravager back to his ship which was casually parked in the middle of the front lawn.
‘Yes, he tried but-’
‘Nothing, sir,’ Loki replied, though his eyes were still glued on the soldier.
‘Obi?’ he searched through his tools for a crowbar. ‘You sure?’
‘Mister Odinson, did Killian also threaten your little brother?’ Steve dared to ask.
‘He didn’t know,’ The blond repeated and he looked at his partner. ‘Come on, Stark, we’ve gotta go.’
‘It was!’ Bucky confirmed. ‘We were scared, all of us.’
‘It does taste weird…’ Tony noticed but he shook it off and placed his empty glass back on the tray as well.
‘Okay, creepy. Definitely creepy.’ Tony rubbed his eyes as he let himself fall on his couch. Surely the doll looked amazing. It was almost indistinguishable from a real human. Its soft skin, its body heat, the way its chest moved as if to breath.
‘I already told you! I was walking the last security round with Thor!’
Much to everyone’s surprise Loki was released instantly.
‘But Thor, I do not want to go to bed yet!’
The raven and the teen turned around, noticing how Quill was running towards them with a shopping cart. He stopped just in front of the two and smiled, ‘Who’s in for a little fun time?’
‘Most likely,’ Steve offered his jacked, which was clearly to big for Tony. ‘Or maybe it’s just karma.’
And that's it guys, hope you liked it!
‘What was that, Rogers?’ Tony asked lightly, taking another sip of his drink.
It was at that moment that Sam nearly skipped into Rogers’ office and turned to face the man. He held the blond’s face in his hands and smiled brightly. ‘Thanks, Rogers,’ He pressed a kiss against the man’s cheek and ruffled his hair. ‘Starting next month, I’ll be earning a hundred bucks extra! Fury agreed with the raise!’
Tony started to sing as he took small steps towards the creature.
At that moment, Steve turned around, his wide eyes bright yellow, his large fangs bared and his face… His face was like that of a boar, or rather, like a beast.
It was his brother. His dearest, now full grown but, to Thor, still little brother.
‘We lost him,’ Bucky shrugged, not even looking at the god as he walked towards the game of chess, picked up a black knight and moved it on the board. ‘Checkmate.’
‘Mister Odinson-’
‘Who dares to pass through these great gardens of Midgard?’ Peter stated in a heavy voice. He held his hands in front of him, as if he was holding reins, his legs slightly parted as if he was sitting on a horse.
‘Wait, what? Marrying T’Challa?’ Tony asked as he stopped, his hands on his hips. ‘Can you imagine?’ he frowned heavily and opened his mouth again. ‘“
‘As a matter of fact, I have.’ Thor chuckled as he looked at Rhodes, who met his gaze with a scoffing smirk. ‘Now listen, Loki, I was thinking,’
Well, so much for a peaceful morning, the raven thought as he let out a scoffing sigh.
‘Peter!’ Tony shouted, quick to raise on his feet and stand protectively in front of his son.
‘… I know!’ Peter then said quickly, looking at both gods. ‘How about you go take your bath, like you are supposed to do, and then, when you’re done, we can watch a movie together.’
‘Yes, master.’ He could hear Stane walk away. He wanted to stay silent, for a machine should never question, yet couldn’t resist asking one last question. ‘Master?’
Hi everyone,
‘As you can see,’ Thor continued a bit annoyed as he noticed the still gazing eyes of the Ravager. ‘this is indeed my brother. I hope you understand now why he is in no condition to join you on your mission.’
‘Oh, you gonna call me “chicken-wings” again like last week? Cause I swear, if you do, I’m gonna-’
‘I can hear them, Peter…’ Loki murmured, as a shiver made him tremble on his feet.
‘Sir,’ Jarvis turned down the loud music, breaking Tony’s concentration. ‘Your guest is done showering. I took the liberty to let him dress in your sweatpants which seem to fit just fine for now.’
‘Drugs, mostly, I think…’ his shoulders slumped. ‘I have seen many, many people come here. All taken upstairs at some point. Most of them don’t- they don’t return. And the ones that do, well…’
As our most beloved and sorely missed King of Wakanda once used to say; "I never yielded, and as you can see I am not dead!"
‘You will follow me and won’t touch anything,’ Stane announced as he unclasped his seatbelt, ready to step out of the car. ‘Understood?’
‘Talk about feeding,’ Steve quickly intervened as he saw his friend’s titanium hand clench into a fist, ‘why not get some dinner ready, huh?’
‘It was Steve,’ Peter said with a serious face. ‘he fled up the stairs after
Peter’s lips parted for a split second, only for him to jump to his feet again. ‘Where’s Steve...?’ he asked with as much bravery as he could muster. ‘Where’s my dad?’
‘…I am a machine,’ Steve voice was filled with remorse. He remembered Stane scolding him for even daring to catch his breath in his bed after chocking him during sex till his vision clouded with black spots. A sex machine should never sleep under the same covers as its master, the never fading scars on his back a constant reminder of this hard-learned lesson. ‘Sleeping in the same bed would be… inappropriate. However, if it is what you want I will not refuse.’
‘She has no reasons to lie,’ Steve shrugged. ‘Not as far as we know, anyway.’
‘… No way,’ Quill let out in complete disbelief, a wide grin following soon after. ‘Oh my God… Is this… is this really…?’ he asked, looking at Thor while pointing at the child.
to react human.
‘No, it’s Stra- Wait! No, I’m not doing this one again!’ He took a deep breath, ‘It’s Doctor Stephen Strange. Now you stay here and don’t cause any trouble okay?’ As the raven quickly nodded, the wizard turned around and cursed beneath his breath. ‘God, I don’t like that guy, old or young…’ he then looked at Thor. ‘And I’m keeping him on my list!’ and with that, the doctor disappeared through his portal again.
Loki looked at Thor, ‘may I, brother?’
She then squinted her eyes and looked up, noticing that the American flag that used to hang proudly on the outside of the building was gone. Instinctively she looked down, figuring it must have fallen.
A heavy voice pulled Loki straight out of his thoughts, he held his breath as he slowly turned around and looked up at a towering blond man.
‘You better. I don’t give such amazing blowjobs to just anyone,’ Tony chuckled, his smile brightening as he saw Steve roll his eyes, a color forming on the man’s cheeks. ‘Now, go get some sleep. We’ve got a murder to solve tomorrow.’ He pressed a kiss against Steve’s forehead before turning off the light. He wrapped his arms around the blond, holding him against his chest as they both drifted off into the wonders of their dreams.
he walked over and pointed at the body sitting silently on the couch. ‘This is nothing but a sex doll, a
Tony grinned at the thought, suddenly pulling the captain against himself, his hands trailing from the man’s shoulders to the small of his back. His body pressed tightly against that of the blond, ‘And after a nice hot shower,’ he whispered in the his ear, the kisses growing more fervent, ‘we could-’
’01.00 A.M. and there are still so many people on the streets,’ Steve remarked, though it sounded more like he was mumbling to himself.
‘Yeah, quite literally, I heard. Listen, about him being a kid, what would you say if we make this spell permanent?’
‘It is a shame though,’ Quill continued, ‘I would have thought Loki’s first kid would be a serpent or a wolf or a horse or something, you know? Like in the Norse Mythology. But a human or Midgardian child’s cool too. Hey, where is Lokes anyway? Drinking down his regret at the bar and thinking his life over, I assume?’
‘Good idea, kiddo, I’ll have your back,’ Tony nodded as the others looked at him. ‘What? I was being serious, I’ll walk behind Peter and have his back.’
Jarvis cut off the video downloaded from the doll’s memory, causing an ominous silence to fill the room.
She gasped, her soaked hands covering her mouth as she saw the lifeless body of Aldrich Killian, covered in the mud-stained American flag.
After staring for a second at the kid, in which Steve didn’t know what to say, a smile became visible on his face and he excepted the artwork. ‘Thanks, Loki. That’s really generous, I know you worked hard on this so I’ll make sure everyone can see it.’ He then picked Loki up and let him sit on his neck, causing the god to laugh as he held on to the captain’s hands to keep himself balanced. They walked back inside Stark Tower and hang the picture on the refrigerator. It might have been a bit cliché, but the captain couldn’t think of a better place to hang it at the moment.
‘Whether
The teen glanced back and forth between the bed and the blond, ‘W-what happens to them? Did they leave? Do they live somewhere else?’
‘And then nothing! I dropped Thor off at his room and- and I went straight towards my own room.’
The doctor looked at the teen for a moment, he then turned his attention back to Thor and sighed, ‘Sorry, have too.’
Loki had to swallow away some bile as he added a single hair into each glass. One blond and short, one blond and long, two different shades of brown and finally, one raven black. He looked at the glasses, watching the DNA dissolve into the drink and he muttered; ‘Disgusting…’
‘Heads up!’
Peter looked at Loki and chuckled, ‘Okay, so, since I have been trusted by Thor to supervise you, I thought we should just go inside and-’
Obadiah’s blood started to boil, his teeth gritted. ‘How many times do I have to remind you not to ask questions?’ His words came out calm yet dripped with frustration and fury. ‘How many times have I told you to shut up?!’
‘M-my…’ Steve’s breath hitched in his chest, the palms of his hands turning sweaty.
creeping me out.’
‘I could give you a ride,’ Peter offered carefully, not really understanding why all the others were so reluctant to volunteer. ‘Hey, maybe the three of us could go!’ he looked at the young raven at his side with a smile. ‘Would you like that, Loki? Would you like to join me and mister Quill to the supermarket?’
‘Well, according to father, we are all the hero in our own story,’ the trickster sat up straight again, collecting the painted pebbles, ‘and we have all been the villain in somebody else’s…’
Something There
‘Thor, Steve told me to come and get you for lunch. People are already starting without you.’ The young raven came to his brother’s side, one hand resting on the older god’s leg to get his attention. He then looked up at the starlord and tilted his head. ‘Is this man a friend? Is he family as well?’
‘Looking good, Loki,’ Peter smiled. ‘Wanne go play outside? We could play catch or football or something.’
At first, Loki shut his eyes, clenching to the man’s upper body as he tried to take steady breaths, but as the man now flew a little slower, he dared to look up. With the wind blowing through his hair, the little trickster started to laugh, a careful chuckle at first but it soon made way for a wide smile. The young god cheering and shouting as they flew over the compound.
The two gods then nearly jumped out of their skin as they heard a loud shriek coming from the kitchen, followed by heavy footsteps which seemed to run up a stairs. The gods ran into the kitchen, finding Peter who pressed a hand against Tony’s lips.
Sorry for this late release! I really thought I uploaded this chapter days ago...
Tony winced at the blood-soaked sheets, wanting nothing more but to burn them. ‘Think you can stand?’
‘My brother?’ Thor “guessed” with a sigh.
‘That must be my brother!’ Loki smiled as he pointed enthusiastically at the disappearing Bifröst. ‘Come on, Peter, hurry!’ He shouted happily as he ran back to Stark Tower, his towel heroically fluttering in the wind.
‘I will seek help in Asgard,’ Thor said and he looked at his baby brother. ‘You hear me, Loki? I will have to go back home for a brief moment, but fear not, I will soon return.’
‘I can’t believe this,’ Peter mumbled in defeat, his head resting in his hands. ‘I am the friendly-neighborhood-spider-man. I can’t be
‘And above all, Loki would be safe,’ Tony grabbed a handful of peanuts from the bowl that was standing in the middle of the table.
Loki glared, his jaws locked, his one arm tightly wrapped around the book, hiding the dagger he was still holding. Then, without any warning, he threw the heavy book in the doctor’s face. He jumped to his feet, holding onto the dagger as the Winter Soldier had thought him.
Hope you will enjoy!
‘Could I, what?’ Bucky asked dryly, grabbing the knife and handing it back to the trickster, ‘try again kid, practice makes perfect.’
‘I’ll go get him some clothes.’
‘Ohana means family,’ he smiled as he squirmed a little, making himself comfortable in his brother’s warm embrace. ‘I am truly grateful that you are my family.’
This chapter will contain porn. If you don't feel comfortable with reading that than please skip the text between the two * marks.
‘No fucking way,’ was the only thing Clint managed to reply with. ‘You’re Loki? Brother of Thor? Are you serious?’
‘Oh…’ Loki remained silent for a moment as he thought this through. He then looked up at Vision and smiled. ‘That is okay mister Vision, sir. I once heard the Einherjar say that my brother was an accident as well.’
He held his weapon close, sneaking towards the man without making any sound. As he opened his mouth, ready to speak up, a portal suddenly opened in front of him with a wave of the stranger’s hand. Loki stopped abruptly, wanting to retreat, but as he stumbled over his own feet, he yelped and fell straight through the portal.
‘Thor…?’ The raven asked softly, his head resting against the god’s broad chest.
strictly professional.’
‘… You’re lying,’ Tony’s mouth went dry as he did not want to believe the doll’s story. Hearing it speak such cruel words so apathetically left him horrified. ‘You’re lying!’
Thor had to remind himself to unclench his fists as he looked at the detective’s smirk. ‘Nothing. I went to bed.’
‘Sounds scary, poor thing,’ Wanda frowned in worry, a smile on her face as she brushed a stray lock of raven hair behind the trickster’s ear. ‘You’re not injured, are you?’ she asked kindly, happy to see the raven shake his head.
Thor smiled brightly, pressing his face against that of the trickster as he hugged him, ‘that’s the spirit, Loki.’ He then turned to the others, ‘my friends, please watch my baby brother in my absence,’ he said as he handed the raven over to Wanda. ‘Now you behave Loki. I will be back before you know it!’ he said as he walked out of the room, leaving the three Avengers with his younger brother.
‘… I didn’t keep count,’ he sighed. ‘I mean, I did, but I stopped at- at some point…’
‘Of course!’ Peter suddenly shouted and he laughed, ‘That’s it! You guys are Beauty and the Beast, aren’t you?’ he then looked at Tony, ‘Well, a male version of Beauty, that is.’
The car ride was quiet except for the music playing softly over the radio. Tony was lost in his thoughts, occasionally glancing at Steve who was excitedly staring out the window. His fingers tightened around the steering wheel, palms turning sweaty as he heard the doll hum along with the music.
‘Stop, s-stoop!’ Loki laughed, tears rolling down his face.
! I don’t ever want to use it again!’
He placed Loki on the kitchen counter so he could watch him while he prepared breakfast. A healthy meal, consisting of a boiled egg, toast, a piece of fruit and some fresh orange juice for the both of them. Some might agree that it was slightly better than a can of energy drink.
‘Loki, you’re being awfully quiet,’ the teen said, now looking at the trickster, who was staring at his own hands.
‘This…
‘Hmm,’ The smile on the man’s face turned almost sinful in lust, though there remained a certain fondness in his eyes. There was just something so adoring about seeing the bot try. ‘Guess your code isn’t all that perfect after all. Looks like I got my work cut out. Try again, Steve. Try finding different words.’
Loki looked up at the teen, his emerald eyes glistening with tears which threatened to roll down his cheeks. He removed his hands from his ears and quickly wrapped his arms around the teen’s neck as he nodded. ‘I am scared…’
‘…Well,’ Wanda said after a short silence, ‘as much as I’d like to stay, I’m afraid I’ll have to go.’ She pressed the tip of her nose against that of the child, causing him to softly chuckle again and she passed Loki onto Clint. ‘Scott and Rhodes are waiting for me, but you’ll take good care of him, right?’ she then turned her attention to the young raven, giving him a quick kiss on his cheek. ‘I do hope Thor will take a loooong time to find a remedy.’ She smiled and walked out of the room.
‘There are no toys,’ the young raven concluded sadly as he looked through some pages from a spell book on the desk. ‘It is almost like a guest room… Do I not have things of my own? Maybe some stuffed animals or drawings?’ he asked as he let his fingers touch the cold white wall, a shiver running down his small body.
‘Brother…?’ He tried again, but as he was still the only person in the hall, he started to panic.
‘Then why did the threats stop, Miss Potts?’
‘Then who was it?’ Steve asked.
Tony and Steve looked at each other from the corners of their eyes as Loki merely shrugged.
Thor smiled and went downstairs. He joined some of his fellow Avengers in the lounge, drinking a beer before heading to bed himself.
‘Yes, Loki?’
He looked at the older god, noticing the golden hair surrounding sun-kissed skin. Loki sighed. How he had never concluded on his own that he must have been adopted was still a mystery to him.
