“Here’s a list of all the Hancock boys and girls in junior year.” Castiel pulled a paper out of the folder in front of him with a long list of names on it. “I’ll send invitations to the girls since none of them know you yet and also all the boys I put stars next to.” Dean couldn't help but notice that the names he was supposed to send invites to were the names Castiel and his crew considered the losers of the school. Of course.
“Why didn’t you check me for the remote before you sent those agents inside?” Gadreel asks softly. “Why didn’t you do your job,
, he thought to himself. Everyone liked freckles. Castiel wasn’t blind. He knew Dean was attractive
Cas laughed, and Dean realized how the comparison might be insulting. He was about to apologize, but Cas held his hand up. “I would be upset about you comparing me to your car, but that was the most
The rough sandpaper sound of Novak’s voice combined with his Russian accent and monotone way of speaking was turning Dean into putty. The headache that had been pounding behind his eyes since a few days after he woke up was also receding towards the background. He wanted to sit and listen to him talk forever, because he didn't think he’d ever felt this calm. He certainly hadn’t since he woke up. This guy should make audiobooks or something.
“What is this?” Castiel asked angrily. “Is this some sort of joke?”
planned this and that he
Dean walks over towards her, ignoring his shopping partner when she tries to grab his cloak. “Blessed be the womb,” he says quietly.
There’s some more whispering from the other end of the phone, and then the woman asks, “What part of the government do you work for?”
“He’s the one who fucked up in Illinois a couple months ago and got six agents killed,” Dean added bluntly.
They got ready for sleep by taking off their cumbersome armor, but they still kept their guns within reach in case they got ambushed by something during the day. Dean was glad he was exhausted because the sun was starting to peak up over the horizon, and he was going to have a tough time sleeping during the day.
“Get out of my house!” Mistress Abbadon says furiously while she continues to hold him. Dean’s still gasping for breath, but the pain is slowly starting to pass. He opens his eyes and looks towards where Castiel is standing in the doorway. As the Guardian follows Aunt Naomi from the room, Dean sees him give Castiel a slight nod. That’s the last thing he sees before he passes out.
“So,” Dean started hesitantly, “does our ‘only kissing’ agreement mean we can’t cuddle?”
“Yep. Omega rights,” he laughs at the irony. Unfortunately Sam was too late, because while omegas have never been treated fairly, they have absolutely no rights now.
I've got surgery tomorrow so the past couple days I've basically just been writing all day while I prep for it haha
“I like your outfit today,” Crowley says nervously. Castiel just stares at him.
“What are you looking for?”
He puts on a flannel shirt and jeans. He tries to avoid wearing a suit unless he absolutely has to. One of the advantages of being in a specialty group of the FBI is they aren’t forced to dress like typical feds all of the time. Technically the only members of the team required to wear suits are the Unit Chiefs, though Gabriel often neglects to follow that rule. Bobby doesn’t really care, but he does know that it matters what other law enforcement agencies think of them. When they’re out on a case they have to at least wear dress shirts and ties.
Sam hoped Dean wasn’t on his way to his Paris apartment. He had to know they’d be expecting that. Hell, Gordon was probably already there waiting for him. He followed Charlie over to the printer room after they were dismissed from the meeting. He watched as she started dragging and dropping the pictures of Dean and Castiel onto their template for Wanted posters. She also messed with the filters to show what they could possibly look like with different hairstyles or colors. Sam knew the first thing Dean was going to do if he planned on running long-term with this Castiel guy was cut his hair. It was too identifiable long like that. Charlie must've been thinking the same thing, because she made sure to add what Castiel could look like with alternate, shorter hairstyles.
“The girls,” Gabe replies as if he should know what that means. Dean wonders if Lisa will be one of them, and his stomach clenches further. It’s bad enough that he’s going to be forced to see Cas today. He doesn’t think he could stomach watching Cas talk with Lisa the whole time. Balthazar and Gabriel both look relieved when they put their phones back in their backpacks. They look like they’re ready to finally start having fun on this trip, while Dean is already waiting for it to be over.
Castiel takes a sip of his green tea while Crowley unfolds the paper. He takes another sip when Crowley starts reading it out loud. “Dear Dean, you must’ve really hated my dancing because you never got back to me about that dinner and a movie with those gift cards we won. Anyways, I thought your campaign presentation was really cool, and you guys should’ve won. P.S. A lot of girls at Hancock have been wearing plaid recently, but they don’t rock it like you do.” Crowley gently refolds up the note and hands it back to Dean. “She is so sweet,” Crowley smiles. “Except the part about how you guys should’ve won.”
When they made it across the border into France, they decided to stop at a gas station with a small diner to get something to eat. Dean hadn’t eaten since he left Garth’s boat yesterday morning, and his stomach was very upset about that. He was also upset that Castiel still didn't seem to believe that he had amnesia. Then again, if someone had come up to him and told him they had no memory of anything before two weeks ago, he’d probably think they were crazy too.
After the guards take him away, the bomb technician begins working on freeing the crying hostage. Gabriel turns to look at him. “How did you know he was lying?”
“I went back to visit my family. They’re in Russia,” he explained, though it was pretty easy to tell from his accent. “I decided…” He looked over at Dean, but he was still listening attentively.
At that exact moment, someone’s cell phone rings in the audience. The ring tone is set to Justin Bieber’s Yummy. Everyone laughs and searches for the guilty person. Mr. Death puts his hands on his hips as he scrutinizes the audience.
Castiel wants to yell ‘I adopted you, not that burly, bearded freak!’ but he doesn’t. He can’t afford to piss Dean off even more than he already has. He needs him now that Crowley is gone. “Has Benny even shopped at a mall before?” Castiel can’t resist asking. “Does he know that everything they sell is new?” Gabriel and Balthazar burst out laughing, but Dean’s gaze hardens.
“FUCK!” Dean kicks and pummels the car door as he screams out a string of profanities and the tears continue to roll down his cheeks. Castiel keeps looking back towards him, but continues to drive through the rain back to the house. After a few more moments of angry shouting, Dean’s voice goes hoarse, and he sinks back into his seat. He continues to cry softly but now he just feels numb.
Gabriel groaned and then turned towards Dean. He lowered his voice to a whisper. “Hey, you’re trying to get into the city right?” Dean nodded. “Pretend you’re a trader, and they’ll let you in.” Dean didn’t know how he felt about lying to try and gain entrance to the city because he didn’t want to make a bad first impression, but at this point he just needed to get the cure and get out of there, so he nodded again. “Samandriel, there’s a trader from Quincy here who needs to offload some supplies to the general store. You’re not going to make him wait outside are you?”
“Sorry,” Dean said, looking uncomfortable. “I should’ve told you earlier. I don’t let people touch my back, and I’m going to keep my shirt on.” He had a look on his face like he was waiting for Castiel to yell at him or something. As if this simple request would be enough to send him running.
A few minutes later Gabriel speaks to him over his earpiece. Every agent has one to help them communicate hands-free in situations like this. “We’re heading in.”
“It’s just us,” Gabriel responds. “What did Bobby say?”
He pulled into a small alleyway, hoping that it’d be too tight for the police cars to fit into. The Prius was slow, but it was small. The only way he’d be able to get away from these guys was if he out-maneuvered them. Cas squeaked when Dean started speeding down the alley towards a young couple on bicycles. They moved quickly out of the way as he rushed past. Dean cursed when he saw the cop cars were still behind him.
“Okay…”
?” His green eyes are wide. Castiel doesn’t answer, he just puts Balthazar’s and Gabriel’s ballots in their box and heads back out to the auditorium. Dean rushes to put his ballot in the box too and follows him out.
While Sam is gone, Dean’s phone rings. He looks down at it and sees that it’s Crowley. At first he doesn’t want to answer it because he doesn’t want to get more involved in all of this constant fighting. He has enough drama in his life as it is, but after the fifth ring he sighs and answers it.
“I’m sorry, did I scare you?” Alistair asks gently. “I just wanted to say hello. I haven’t seen you in a while.”
“Salt gets rid of leeches,” Balthazar explained. Castiel watched from the side with a satisfied grin on his face.
He turns his focus back to the wall in front of him when Ofmarv says his name. Charlie isn’t hanging up there, and that gives him hope that she’s still out there fighting somewhere.
Dean watched as Blue’s eyes grew wide with panic, and he started looking around frantically. “V-vault.” Maybe he was more out of it than Dean initially thought. He had to get the information he needed quickly before Blue lost consciousness again.
“I want my dad,” Claire repeated. Charlie threw up her hands in defeat, and he took back over. He shushed her, helping her back under the covers before giving her a comforting kiss on the forehead. After Claire was safely back in bed, he turned back to Charlie with fear in his eyes.
“Her contractions are getting much closer together,” he answers meekly, looking down at the ground since he’s in the presence of a bunch of Alpha wives.
“No, definitely not,” Dean said angrily.
“Ofal?” Castiel asks hesitantly. “Is what they’re saying true?”
, he didn't have to worry about thinking. It was almost like he’d been in this exact situation before, and it was all muscle memory. Despite the alarms blaring all around him and the distant sounds of screaming as the soldiers shouted orders and closed in on him, he was entirely confident in his ability to get out of this situation in one piece.
“You believe that?” Castiel asks skeptically.
“Six.”
“Uh huh,” Sam replies cryptically. Dean doesn’t have time to deal with his brother’s weirdness right now. His memory foam mattress is calling his name. “Bitch,” he says to signal he’s done with this conversation.
“Mind if I use some of this?” Brady asks, pointing to the tape.
“Ofal,” Ofmarv walks forward to grab him as he’s panting from exertion. “Are you alright?”
Sam starts writing furiously, and Dean looks over his shoulder again to see what he’s writing.
“He put layers of duct tape over each victim’s eyes,” Sam said, spinning around slowly in an office chair.
“The Commander,” she hisses. “Maybe he can’t get you pregnant.” Dean looks down at the rose bush and stays quiet. He’s been wondering the same thing ever since his doctor’s visit. “I was thinking we could try another way.”
“I’m sure you probably find this a bit strange,” Commander Alistair says. That’s an understatement.
~ * ~
“Hey, gorgeous,” a woman answers. “Make my day and tell me you got permission to do the holiday shoot.”
“No,” Sam said quickly. “I can’t.”
His cat, Angel, is the only living being who knows that he's had his eyes on her. He hates how pathetic Gabriel and Crowley are acting right now, sacrificing their friendship fighting over a girl who may not even like either of them back. For right now he’s going to keep his interest to himself. At least until he can figure out if Lisa is interested in him back.
He doesn’t want to think of Castiel as being that kind of person, but the evidence speaks for itself. He knows there are reasons why Cas acts the way he does, but that doesn’t excuse it. Crowley gets into the limo and drives away with a small wave.
Dean watches while Castiel wipes chocolate icing off of his chin, and he starts to understand why it took Cas so long to accept him. Castiel’s friendship wasn’t something he was entitled to, it was something he had to earn, and he’s finally done it.
They play a few rounds of poker in silence. Dean can’t decide if it’s a comfortable silence or not. The Alpha seems happy enough if the small smile on his face means anything. Either way, Dean feels like he needs to say something to fill the silence. He remembers the Alpha had mentioned he was going on a trip a couple weeks ago. That was before Dean had been sent to his room.
They'd barely stumbled out of the bar when Dean pushed him into a dark alleyway. He backed Castiel up until his back hit the brick side of the building. His breath hitched as Dean closed in on him, bracing both of his hands on the wall on each side of his face. Castiel knew he should be afraid—he didn't know this guy, and now he was essentially trapped in an alley with him—but for some reason, he felt safe. Dean started to lean in towards him infuriatingly slowly, and Castiel heard a noise that sounded like a pitiful whine. It took him a second to realize the noise came from him.
“About a year,” Crowley sighed.
They spent the next thirty minutes laughing and chasing each other around the park. To the other people enjoying their Sunday afternoon outdoors they probably looked like a typical family unit: Alpha, omega, and pup. If only they knew.
“You know him, don’t you?” Gabriel asked. Dean stayed quiet. There had to be a reason Blue didn’t want to come to the city. “Don’t worry, I’m his friend,” Gabriel said, “And if you’re his friend, you’ll know his name.”
Two Years Ago
Dean’s head pops up at that. He quickly walks towards Agent Novak and lowers his voice to a whisper. “If you send them in now, hostages are going to die!”
“Yeah,” Castiel replied. “It feels weird, but not bad.”
As a false number nine, he might have the opportunity to score a goal. That would be awesome! It’d be even more awesome if he scored a goal while a certain beautiful girl sat in the stands and watched. He still hasn’t gotten up the nerve to ask Lisa out on a real date yet, but he’s working on it. He has one shot with a girl like her, and he doesn’t want to fuck it up.
“I’ll be right out,” Blue sighed, and Ruby nodded and closed the door. He turned around to face Dean. “I’m sorry, but I have to go. There are some books to read if you want and more food in the cabinets. I’ll likely not be back until late this evening.”
It sank in suddenly. They were tracking them. He'd figured the agency must have some way to track them, but he'd also wondered if he was just being paranoid when he thought that. “If you have trackers on us somehow, why don’t you just follow Dean’s tracker to get him?” He asked.
“Hey, it’s Crowley. I’m in Bangor.” Castiel rolls his eyes. As if he didn’t know where Crowley was. “I know you’re mad at me, and I just wanted to let you know I’m not having the sleepover anymore.”
Sam stares at him for a prolonged moment, probably trying to see if he can force Dean to say something else. What he doesn’t know is that Dean has gotten very good at not cracking under intense eye contact so he just stares back silently until Sam sighs and leaves the room with a mumbled, “I’ll get you more ice.”
“Yes,” Alfie answers, confused. Then he must remember what Gabriel told him because he continues, “It sounds like you can relate.”
“They won’t be back for an hour,” Castiel would say, pushing the door open to reveal his pristine bedroom.
Castiel remembered how Dean made such an effort to never tell him anything too personal. They were together for a couple months, but Dean never mentioned a job or his family or his past. At the time, Castiel thought it was part of his no-strings-attached philosophy, but now he was wondering if it was something more.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
He stilled. “What do you mean?”
He dialed Balthazar’s cell number and listened to it ring.
“It’s some security company for boats.”
Naomi Novak stood in her son’s bedroom doorway with her hands on her hips. Her 5'9" frame wasn't intimidating on its own, but the stern expression on her face paired with her tightly coifed hair almost made him back down. Almost, but not quite. Castiel Novak had lots of practice dealing with his mother. He'd been doing it for seventeen years. He exaggeratedly rolled his eyes to show he wasn't scared. Of course, he remembered his mother telling him about this, but he'd hoped she would forget.
“Definitely," Gabriel paused. "Hey, Dean? Is that the only secret you know?”
“It was him!” Becky points at Brady.
“Thank you,” Dean replies sincerely, touched by the gesture.
“Incredible,” his Alpha whispers. “And I have you all to myself.”
“Please be careful,” She said as he stepped through the door. He assured her that he’d be fine, but the anxiety was already back causing his chest to tighten up. He shouldn’t be back in the field this soon. Not after what happened last time.
“We’re missing something,” Dean tapped his finger against his chin. “The girls all had defensive wounds on their bodies, but Svenson doesn’t have a mark on him.” Jo nodded and moved over to talk to some of the police officers in the living room.
Crowley, just buried under his incessant need to win everything.
“One to break out the glass and another to hit him,” the sniper replies.
“You’re going to find Dean,” Charlie said. “Follow Cole, because he’s on route. He messaged in earlier to say he found the Prius they’d been driving. He’s going to try and strike Dean tonight.”
Mr. MacLeod’s cell phone rang again. This time it was Gabriel.
“Not yet,” Dean says. “I still need to ask her.”
The morning light streamed through the doors of the Purgatory Training Center as Dean rushed through the hallways looking for Aunt Hester. It was vital to their plan that he find her while the rest of the omegas were in their morning prayers. He could hear them praying out loud led by Aunt Naomi. This was the moment he and Charlie had been waiting for.
3:32pm
He looks over at Castiel and can tell that the other boy is affected by what he’s shared with him. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he says genuinely.
He drives towards the usual meeting place. He’d texted Commander Azazel before he left to make sure he was still awake. He should be there by the time Castiel gets there. He doesn’t know what he’s going to tell Azazel. He supposes it depends on what Azazel asks. Castiel does know that he’s not going to say anything about Ofal. That’s not even a question. That realization surprises him because he really doesn’t know Ofal at all. He doesn’t owe her anything. Besides, she’s broken about a dozen rules in the week since she got here. He should report her, but he won’t.
He feels Dean move his hands from his back down to grip his hips. It feels so good having Dean’s callused hands gripping him like that, and he inadvertently grinds his hips into Dean. He can tell Dean is just as turned on as he is when he feels them press together. A loud groan rips its way out of Dean’s throat, and that alone is almost enough to make him come undone.
“Fuck, Ofal, you smell so good,” Castiel groans and leaves a couple kisses on his neck before moving back to his mouth. Dean is distracted momentarily by the sound of his new name. It feels wrong to be kissing someone and hear a name that doesn’t belong to him. He wants to tell Cas his real name, but before he can there’s a delicate cough from the other side of the room. The two of them immediately break apart and look over to see Benny standing in the doorway with raised eyebrows.
“You were friends with Mr. Winchester weren’t you?” Castiel smirked.
<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>
“He was with his girlfriend constantly,” Dean whispers. “So I know I have to find a way to get rid of her first.” He takes a few more steps into the road and bends over to look at the tire skid-marks. “She was collateral damage.” He pauses. “Or was she? He shot her in the face which is pretty personal.” Dean gasps and turns around to face them.
“Fine, Gabriel, jeez!” Samandriel said in a huff. A few seconds later, the big metallic gate started to slowly rise up.
Dean sighs. He can’t believe someone who works for the Guardians has no idea about what actually goes on in those centers. “I don’t want to talk about that right now,” he says quietly. “Can we just be here?”
Dean finds himself walking aimlessly around the yard. He’s pissed off at Cas, but he’s also just upset. He’d thought they were starting to become friends finally, but it all went wrong somehow. He sees the door to the barn open, and Crowley runs out with tears streaming down his face.
“I had a thought about the CDs,” Sam says.
Castiel grabbed his hand and pulled it away from his face. “Talk to me,” he whispered. “Why can’t you just talk to me?”
Castiel and Gabriel exchange looks. They all know they have to do something. They can’t just stand here and hope the situation resolves itself. Dean knows he needs to act quickly or his baby brother is going to be sent in with an unpredictable psychotic. “Fine,” he says. “Show me how to do it.”
“Lying in the road,” the agent responds simply. Castiel would roll his eyes if he wasn’t so shocked by the sight in front of him. In person, this teenager looks even more like Samandriel than he had in the picture.
“Bon appétit,” Blue said, handing him a cup of water and a bowl of some more cram.
“No,” Dean replies, pointing to another picture of a bomb fragment. “This piece right here is a tube that was filled with mercury. The bomb would ignite the second that the package was tilted, which means it couldn’t have been sent by mail. The bomber would have to deliver the package himself.”
“Okay,” He stands up. “Can you guys order me a slice of pie when the waiter gets back?” As he heads towards the bathroom, he sees Naomi raise her hand to flag down the waiter.
. “What are you supposed to be?” He turns to Kali.
Sam nods, “That’s right. This unsub was most likely taking antipsychotic medication to treat schizophrenia.”
He looked around himself and saw that he was standing on an old fire escape. The thing was rusty and creaky, and he didn't want to have to stand there any longer than he had to. It looked like it could give way at any moment. He looked down at the five story drop below him. There was a snow drift on the ground, but jumping down from where he was on the fire escape would be a death sentence regardless of how much snow there was to cushion the landing.
“Don’t worry about it! My dad’s company pays for everything, and he won’t notice.”
“Because you covered them up in newspapers for some reason,” Dean rolls his eyes at him. Normally Castiel would try to say something mean to get back at Dean for that eye roll, but he’s too freaked out to bother. “You made yours pretty quickly,” Dean tries to comfort him. “You can probably start over.”
Dean stares at Castiel for a second, trying to think of a believable explanation that doesn’t involve revealing the secret message the previous Ofal had left for him. “Uh…”
Your comments make me smile
“Alfie doesn’t have the authority that Senator Pike holds,” Dean says, confused. “He shouldn’t want to talk to him, he should want to talk to Larry.”
It took a minute before Sam talked again. “Okay, Charlie, you’re on speaker.”
feel better right now.
Thursday, September 24
Dean turns back around when Sam groans in frustration at losing another hand. “You’ll get there eventually, son,” Bobby says with a chuckle. The older man stands up abruptly, and all of their eyes move to look at whatever prompted him to stand up.
The Commander opens the door with a smile on his face. “This is a surprise!” He walks over towards his desk, letting Dean close the door himself. “Would you like a drink? Or a game?”
The BAU team gathers around the dining room table where they’ve set up the phone and their computers. They talk in hushed tones to try and figure out what their next move is. They know they have a ticking clock and not much time to figure this out. Sam is just confused. This is going differently than every ransom and kidnapping case he’s ever studied. Maybe Gabriel was right. He needs to start thinking outside the box.
Dean’s thoughts stuttered as the record of his mind skipped a track.
The angels weren’t coming to take Castiel away and he’d received several letters from Gabriel assuring him of that fact. He really didn’t need to write as many as he had but he’d smuggled letters for Sam in with them and Sam had taken them with flushed cheeks and a plea that Castiel wouldn’t say anything to Dean.
He scribbled what would be needed onto a scrap of paper and handed it to Adam.
A pang of possessiveness thrummed through Dean and he tightened his grip on Cas’ shoulders, holding him tightly.
Dean Winchester had learned a long time ago that the key to successfully hiding out and blending into normal society was routine. It might make them seem boring, but better to be unassuming and slip under the radar of most people than draw attention to themselves. His alarm went off as it did every morning, two hours before the mid-morning watch. He could stand to wake up a little earlier, Sam was always on his case too, but he liked the lie in and could justify it given that he worked into the evenings.
“You’ll hurt yourself,” Castiel sighed, softly, and that was enough to apparently bring Sam back to reality.
"I suppose not," he mumbled.
Sam in return didn't trust Dean to do the shopping alone and not just ignore his list of vegetables as payback.
“I don’t know what happened. There was to be a mighty battle between Lucifer, the Morning Star and Michael, the Prince of the Host, but I don’t know what became of it. The two of them vanished, nobody knows how or why and without their leader the angels just...they just shut themselves away. Heaven has been sealed ever since.”
The ever-attentive ship’s master looked over at Castiel from the top of his fob watch where he had been timing the men and gave an approving nod. Castiel took the compliment with a nod of his own before a shout went up from somewhere above him, taking the attention of Castiel and all the officers who had gathered around him. The specifics had been lost, but it was clear what it had intended to draw attention to, as they closed on Impala they could clearly see a puff of smoke from the ship’s bow chasers, even if they could not see where the shot had landed.
,” Dean hissed, pulling back so he could kiss every inch of Castiel’s face. “What the hell did you think you were doing? Roman could have killed you! I thought you were dead!”
Dean Winchester, standing in the rigging with the sun beating down on him, looking as though he had stepped straight from the pages of a myth or legend. His head was thrown back and he was laughing, but at what Castiel couldn’t tell. But it didn’t matter.
It was...nice.
“How has Sam survived this long?” Castiel grumbled, rubbing his eyes wearily as though the action could revitalise him somehow.
Part of the woods had been cleared and the ground had been ploughed to create a small growing space. Castiel couldn’t quite see what was being grown, but whatever it was, there were a handful of people gathering it into large baskets. The only thing even noteworthy about it all was the man standing off to the side, watching the others work, but then, maybe he was just taking a break?
“I don’t think I’ve ever been on the sea quite like this,” Castiel admitted, watching the blue of the sky ignite into swirls of red and yellow. When he lowered his gaze, he caught Dean looking at him again and they both looked away quickly. Inwardly, Castiel rolled his eyes that he should find himself with a crush, the likes of which his father had assumed had been beaten out of him during his earliest years as a midshipman. But, the man beside him was beyond gorgeous, not to mention kind. It would have been too much to hope that he kept catching Dean looking because he too was interested, he was probably just concerned that Castiel was going to try and bring harm to the ship somehow.
With his arm wrapped firmly around him, Castiel pulled Dean under him, rearing up to straddle his hips, looking down at him in pure adoration. Dean reached up to cup his cheek and Castiel nuzzled his hand, determined to savour each sensation, to remember every single moment of this, their last time together. Dean caught his eye and his meaning, the way his lips twitched downwards told Castiel as much, but he couldn’t have that. Not on their last night. He took it as a personal challenge to remove that look. Starting by kissing every inch of skin bared to him. Moving from his neck, Castiel worked down across his chest. Dean’s skin was warm against him but cool when he drew back, so he let his breath ghost over it, watching goose-pimples break out across Dean’s chest, his abdomen. He went lower, his lips a brand searing every blemish, every muscle he touched into Castiel’s memory. He never wanted to forget the salty tang of sweat on his tongue, the way Dean arched underneath him, the breathy moans that he sometimes managed to steal from him. It was bliss.
’) but amused Dean so Castiel made an exception, and then, after a few moments of hesitation and worrying his bottom lip, Castiel put the two tickets beside the pie. He stared at it all for a moment, debating whether or not to actually go through with it when he felt Gabriel’s hand, warm on his shoulder. His brother didn’t say anything, just gave him a reassuring squeeze, but it was enough. Gabriel wasn't a complete ass. Not all the time anyway.
Nobody moved. Nobody even breathed.
“I don’t understand,” Castiel whispered, bluntly.
Castiel took the glass back, but sure enough,
Dean held him, a little tighter, hating the idea that Cas had almost died without him there to bring him through it. “You look like you’re about to pass out,” Dean said, but still he laughed. He didn’t think he would stop laughing. The joy had to go somewhere.
Beside him, Sam had been working on something to say since they had broken their fast, but he was clearly still failing to find the right words. Every now and then his mouth would open, but he would close it quickly, having not said anything. “You’re sure you’re alright with this?” he eventually managed to blurt out, inelegantly and earned a glare from his brother for the effort. He shook his head, “I don’t mean
“We are not working with monsters!” Dean said again, louder this time, as though the issue was that they simply hadn’t heard him.
There was a silence and then the distinct sound of a baby’s cry.
At night though, it was just the two of them.
“We wouldn’t want that,” Castiel said, with the faint hint of laughter in his voice. Dean had already decided that Castiel’s laugh was his favourite sound in the world. Castiel reached over and started massaging Dean’s neck as best he could at such an angle with one hand and Dean groaned at the relief it offered. Everything about Castiel was his favourite thing in the world.
“Dean?” Cas asks in mild alarm, tipping Dean’s chin so he can look into his eyes. Dean looks away but the blue is burned into his vision. Cas’ arms are tight around him. Why does he have to make this so much harder? “It’s okay, Dean,” Cas insists, refusing to let him break away.
“Quite so.”
Castiel drops to the laptop and starts pulling up logs, his eyes darting across several different tabs, trying to determine when it was that Michael had arrived.
The room is clean. The bed is freshly made and turned down. There is a paper bag waiting on the table. Castiel places the suitcase beside it and takes out his phone, going over every millimetre of the room in case a bug has been placed. The room is clean in more ways than one.
Bobby had held his hands up then, slowing Dean’s thoughts before they could overrun him. “All I know is that Roman duelled some navy captain and lost. But...from what they were saying, I think Roman got the other guy too.”
“Cas-” Dean started but Cas cut him off, claiming his lips in a searing kiss. “Wha-?” he breathed when Cas pulled back, but the question died on his tongue when he saw that Cas’ eyes had once again blown into omega gold.
Dean forced his face to remain neutral as he fell in with the crowd. People deferred to his uniform, allowing him to stand closer to the raised platform that had been constructed especially for such things. He wished they wouldn’t, he really didn’t want to see this. He closed his eyes, trying not to let panic set in, it wouldn’t do for him to look nauseous. Besides, it might not be anything too bad...he didn’t believe in a God (which would be enough to land him on the platform himself) but he couldn’t help but mutter in his mind, praying to whatever it was that was out there, “
Dean wasn’t sure what Sam had done but he already knew enough to know he didn’t like it.
Dean’s hand went for the ladder and he was on the verge of pulling himself up, when Castiel reached forward and grabbing the edges of Dean’s collar, pulled him back in to the kiss. It was messy, uncoordinated and both of them were grinning too much to actually press their lips together properly, but it was enough. This time when Dean pulled away, Castiel let him go, even if they still couldn’t stop grinning.
“We aren’t working with monsters,” Dean snapped, harshly.
Castiel screamed again and if Dean hadn’t been outnumbered he wouldn’t have let them stop him. But his father was still strong and Sam was immovable.
Before he could look away, Dean hooked a finger under Castiel’s chin and kissed him, firmly. He didn’t say anything, but then, he didn’t need to. Besides, if he did then one or both of them might say something they didn’t mean, something that they might regret and couldn’t take back before they parted. So they said nothing, There were long, almost mournful gazes, soft kisses and gentle touches before Castiel sat up so suddenly he almost gave Dean another head injury.
He glanced up at Sam who just gave him a small smile. “What? I wasn’t about to leave you hanging, you were so close to the end.”
“You sure this is the place?” Dean asked. Were all humans this curious?
The room they were in looked surprisingly smart even though it had long fallen into disuse. There was a fire in the grate, not lit of course, but prepared as though it had been waiting for them. Castiel wasn’t surprised to see it, it hadn’t been meant for them of course, but he took advantage of it anyway, taking the candle to the kindling before he used it to light the various sconces around the room. There was furniture, albeit ratty furniture which had seen better days but would serve them well enough for the moment. There were shelves packed with old books and several loose pages in familiar writing, but Castiel paid them no heed for the moment. There was a little food and water tucked away beside one of the tables; again, it was not much, but it would serve.
It was Sam ignoring Eileen to immediately berate his brother for his poor timekeeping and then regretting he had even opened his mouth when he saw the unmistakable closeness of the two that could only come from a shared afterglow. It was Claire and Kaia launching into lewd jokes and innuendos kids shouldn’t have even known of let alone spoken. Dean had picked them up during a sweep of the Fringes. They were in love and could have passed it off as anything, but Claire had a fiery temper and a mouth to match. The fact that they’d even survived as long as they had with her attitude had earned them a place in the bunker over anything else.
A thrill thrummed through Castiel and he found himself momentarily wishing that Dean would remember this in a moment when he reacted to the tickets. Dean removed the pie, the coffee and then his eyes fell on the tickets. He looked up at Cas and then back down, reaching for them almost hesitantly. “What’s this?” he asked, to no one in particular, before he let out a long, low whistle, “Wow, fancy gig. You tryin’ to tell me something?”
...not Sam.
The woodland became less dense which made it harder to avoid the groups they came across. There were those who gathered the fruit from the trees, those who cut wood, sanding it down into smooth blocks, gathering the offcuts into bundles of firewood. It was while watching some children weaving palm fronds into baskets that Castiel realised what was wrong with what he was seeing. Everyone was working. Everyone who could was involved in some task, but they weren't performing it as though it were just their run of the mill routine, they were set to it with determined haste. Everyone was working far harder than they do in their normal day. Their muscles strained from the effort and they wiped the sweat away to no real end given that they just continued toiling. Even in the shade, it was hot. There wasn’t a smile to be seen, even the children looked grim. And near every group of workers there was someone just watching, keeping an eye, the way a particularly bad-tempered Lieutenant might when there was mending to be done.
“Dean-” Cas started, but Dean held his hands up to stop him.
Dean nodded, with a resigned kind of satisfaction. “Tell Meg to tell him I appreciate it.” He leaned back in the chair as Sam started on the dishes. It was weird to feel comforted by a guy he’d never met, a guy he knew barely anything about, only a name, ‘Clarence’ and the fact that he spent as much time looking out for Sam’s friend Meg as Dean did for Sam. Not that he knew much about Meg either, he’d impressed upon Sam the importance of sharing as little identifying information as possible and it seemed Clarence had said the same to her.
“And your burgers,” Cas adds, his eyes lingering on Dean a little longer than necessary. Dean blushes and turns away, suddenly very interested in the price per pound of apples.
Castiel gave a small huff, but he wasn’t nearly as frustrated as he made himself found. “Would you like me to consult a healer?” he asked, eventually, hating the way Dean’s brow seemed constantly etched with concern.
“I don’t want to know how you can recognise a porn film my brother apparently starred in from one scene alone. Let’s never speak of this again, can we please go to sleep?”
He looked hurt, but whatever, the guy was an angel. He could handle some hurt feelings.
“Stimulation.”
In a way, Dean was impressed. It was hardly a short journey from the palace to the front lines, he hadn’t followed up on what exactly Cas and Adam had written, events had sort of overtaken them, but he had a vague memory of Cas asking if he could send a letter...but that had been weeks ago. But not even weeks on the road had been enough to quell the king's ire. The prospect of coming face to face with an irate John Winchester was never one Dean would relish, but this time he was at least intrigued.
Looking over the man’s shoulder, Dean saw that Sam and Benny were helping someone else over. He wanted to step forward to help them, but his legs seemed rooted to the spot.
“What’s going on?” Dean called, his pain easily pushed aside when the occasion called for it.
Dean kissed him one last time, or at least, one last time for the moment, before he crossed the room and stepped into the hallway where, as he expected, someone was waiting just to see if the Princes would require anything that evening. It took no time at all to order a bath for the two of them and naturally, the attendant’s expression didn’t change even when Dean made sure to say they would only need one bath. He didn’t want there to be a misunderstanding.
“It’s chaos back there,” Adam said with undisguised amusement. “They think you’ll have tried to put as much distance from this place as you could, nobody thinks you’d have stuck around here-”
“Alright.” Cas sighed, relieved. “First, we’re going to get rid of these.”
He didn’t maintain it though. When they stopped for the night, Castiel was the one who came to Dean, asking if he wanted to rest, if he had a preference for which watch he wanted and all Dean wanted to do was tell him to get lost, but he was persistent. He was as attentive as he’d ever been, though granted he seemed more hesitant to approach. The easy conversation, the connection over protecting Sam and Meg, the flirting, all of that was gone, as was Castiel’s smile. But still, he tried. Worse, it was working. Dean didn’t want it to be, he wanted to stay mad, and he was, but it was hard to keep his guard up when Castiel was acting the way he’d always acted. He was still the kind, considerate guy he’d always been. He was still the guy Dean had been crushing on when what Dean really wanted was for him to turn into a dick with wings and show them all why angels were the worst creatures in existence.
“So?” Dean prompted, but though Castiel could sense his eagerness through their bond, he didn’t actually know to what Dean was referring.
“Dean, you can’t-” Sam broke off, starting again slowly, his face almost buried in his hands as though he couldn’t believe he was having to give voice to the words he was saying. “You can’t go into Hell to look for something that might not exist.”
Castiel had expected to fall asleep as soon as Dean had come back. But even wrapped in his mate’s arms, cradling him in dark wings, Castiel had not drifted. Somehow, he felt more awake than he had in days even though Dean was warm against him, his gentle breathing even and hypnotic. But something was niggling at him, an itch he could not scratch, something incessant that he could not ignore, however inviting sleep might be.
Dean rolled his eyes, this was the worst part of the pretence, “Blessed be the Norm,” he muttered, through gritted teeth. At least Sam had learned to stop wincing whenever he heard it, there was something to say for exposure therapy at least. Dean really had to learn how to hide his disdain as well as Sam did, it should be easy given that it stared down at him from almost every building.
There was a long pause, while the lookout struggled to determine the answer.
“That does sound heavenly,” Castiel agreed and he opened his mouth to speak again but he paused, hearing something in the distance.
The moment Sam smiled, Dean knew the argument was over. He’d known he’d win the moment Sam had opened his mouth, he always did, but he’d never trivialise Sam’s worries by dismissing them. If the positions were reversed Dean wouldn’t have let Sam go either.
“Didn’t you just say you tried to stop it?”
“What? You’re true mates, you were in bed together, you weren’t wearing anything, I’m just asking-”
Adam at least seemed to run the process through his head before he nodded in agreement. “That makes sense.”
“Oh I am,” he continued, with the air of someone who knew exactly what he was doing and enjoying every moment of it. From an inside pocket he consulted a pocket watch, “I’ve been captain of
“Getting our stuff, Dean,” Sam sighed dramatically, with an impressively bitchy bitch face to match. He reached down and unzipped his bag, revealing that he’d packed it full of everything Dean had scavenged in the last few days.
Sam barely needed the gesture, already pushing himself through the door as loudly as he possibly could, throwing one of the blades they’d brought at the djinn nearest Cas. Dean hadn’t expected it to actually make its target but it did, catching him square between the eyes and dropping him to the ground.
Dean knew.
“The hell did you think you were doing?!” Dean snapped, recognising that Cas had moved closer in case he needed to hold him back again.
But Dean, stupid, moronic, utterly gone on his best friend and had been since about five minutes after they’d met, Dean, in a move that proved him to be every inch the idiot his brother was always accusing him of being, had offered to drive them regardless.
“You’ll be killed,” Sam said, weakly, though Dean could tell it was his final attempt at dissuading them. He had nothing else.
He didn’t give Dean another thought, looking back over to the 'bank' that had once been pure existence and waiting once more, for his brothers.
He made to make his move but Gabriel held him back. “Castiel, you can’t. Any minute now every demon in every realm is about to be sucked into Hell and we’re going to close the gates behind them. That’s why we’re here. This was your plan, you can’t go back in there.”
“What?”
“Flowers mean different things depending on the colours.”
Dean gave something that sounded like it might have been a laugh in another life. “It’s this way, we’re almost there.”
Sam looked her over but the harder Dean grinned the more suspicious he seemed. Granted, she was a very pretty car with her vibrant red against stark white details and accents, but that meant very little in this day and age. Her roof was down which at least meant they could make a quick getaway if they needed to abandon the car for any reason. Maybe that’s why Dean preferred her to the others.
Cas shook his head, which somehow did little to reassure Dean. “No, I’ll be here, I shall be enough,” he said and Dean knew he meant it to be comforting. But Cas was not a healer and illnesses did not need to be ‘explained’.
was quiet, a confused hush upon it. Sam and Eileen were coming up on deck, aware that they’d won, but not how they’d managed it. Benny called for the hands to secure the ship but then came the shout, “They’re sending a boat!”
Gabriel’s eyes fell on him and he smirked, “And this must be the guy who knocked you up!”
"I got them. For us." Cas said before Dean could argue the point.
“I don’t want to know!” Cas snaps when he realises what Dean is doing.
“A date?” Cas looked adorable when he was unsure.
“The hell are they doing this far out?” Sam mumbled, quietly.
“All the sneaking around? The whispering in the corners when you think I’m not looking? I’m not stupid, Dean. I know what you’re up to.”
“-could probably help you take on Zachariah, sure, but
"Look! I didn't get those strawberries or the melon." Sam said, pointing at the offending punnets.
“Alright people, back to the boats!” There was a collective groan from the various bodies spread across the beach. “I know, I know, we’ll all have a lie in once we’re back in open sea, I promise.”
Cas’ hand trailed through its fur. “Rai
It’s easy to lose himself in thoughts. There is, of course, only one thing on his mind.
“And what?”
As the night drew on, Castiel made several turns around the room, making small talk with whoever looked even remotely interesting. But he always made sure that wherever he was he could always catch Roman’s eye. It was relatively easy to place himself in Roman’s eyesight at all times, sometimes he ignored him which seemed to annoy Roman as much as the superior looks Castiel shot him. Roman could have ignored him, but apparently a room full of sycophants bowing to him was not as satisfying when a single guest seemed unimpressed.
Dean looked beyond the bed for the first time. Cas was there.
” Dean breathed, the flush that he’d managed to hold at bay flooded his cheeks though he immediately felt guilty when he saw Cas drop his gaze nervously to the floor. This was embarrassing for him too, Dean told himself firmly, he didn’t need Dean being an ass about it. “Okay,” Dean said trying to keep his voice steady. “You ever uh...you know...use one before?”
Sam had been up all night looking for any kind of lore on how they might go about ganking
“Of course, Dean, forgive me,” Castiel said, but Dean was already waving away his apology.
“Richard Roman’s head on a platter.”
Castiel snorted as Sam rolled his eyes, seemingly unimpressed. “Yeah, we met, remember I walked him down the aisle?”
“I know the feeling,” Cas said, with grim amusement.
Dean kept his face impassive, forcing his breathing to remain steady. He’d had a lot of practice. “Yeah, a few years ago now though.”
He had followed Dean out almost immediately, yet by the time he reached the stables, Dean was already grooming one of the horses. Not his own, but the one he favoured when they went into battle. He did not look up when Castiel slipped into the paddock beside him.
“Dean,
“You just want me for my pie,” Dean grins, throwing into the cart everything he’d need for several pie crusts.
Ever the gentleman, Castiel tucked his hat under his arm as he stepped over the threshold, though he immediately felt overdressed as he did so. Granted, that had been the point, but Dean was wearing little more than a loose shirt and a cleaner pair of pants than he had begun the day in.
He threw the powder into the centre of the trap, his grace flaring as his wings flexed against the movement. There was a blinding light, so bright it bled into Dean’s eyes even after he had covered them with his hands. Then, as suddenly as it had appeared, it was gone.
“Did you just air quote me?”
It was his father who broke the silence first, his tone pausing Sam as he moved forward to greet them. “I’m not usually one to stand on ceremony, but is
By that point, they were at least following the issue, but the initial shock had not subsided. Sam's mouth had fallen open and he had yet to close it. Dean was staring into nothing, holding himself so rigidly it seemed that every part of his body had been given over to processing this latest revelation. For his part, Cas focused entirely on his hands wringing in his lap. Now that he’d said it out loud, he probably realised it wasn’t quite in the realm of ‘nothing’.
There was no way to know who the duelling captain had been, but it must have been Cas. He’d said he’d help, he’d talked about the things he could do to stop Roman’s operation but they had depended on the efforts of others. Maybe he found that he didn’t have as much sway as he’d thought, maybe his plans had fallen through. It seemed too much of a coincidence that another naval captain would just happen to challenge Roman to a duel, after talking with Dean how best to rid the world of Richard Roman Enterprises.
“Run ‘em out!” Dean called, but he’d barely gotten the words out before they were drowned out by the sounds of the gun-deck coming to life. Somehow, over it all, Castiel could still hear Jo’s calls, directing the cannons and not for the first time he marvelled that she should be such a competent officer for such a diminutive figure.
“You an acolyte?” the man, Michael, asked, “I don’t think I’ve seen you around before?” Castiel flinched and the man obviously didn’t need to scent him to be able to sense his panic. He held up his hands in front of him, “Hey, it’s okay. I’m just asking. You’ve got nothing to worry about, you’re safe with me.” Castiel regarded the man for a moment, but he seemed sincere. There was something about him, something warm, comforting. For someone who had never felt truly welcome anywhere, not even in his own home, there was something reassuring to say the least that Castiel had come across someone who didn’t seem to threaten him at all. It was nice. Safe. He took a deep breath and all the tension he carried seemed to leave him on the exhale. Across from him, Michael reached forward to cover his hand again, a reassuring smile crossing his lips.
Dean was aware that he was a father but he couldn’t take his eyes from Cas.
The guard looked momentarily concerned, “Is His Highness alright, sir?”
“The crook’s real?” Adam asked, apparently before he could stop himself.
With a few deep breaths, Zachariah seemed to calm a little. “This time with the pirates has obviously affected you. Richard Roman is a personal friend of myself and several prominent officers, most of whom will be at his home tonight to celebrate the relaunch of
Dean paused to reassure his brother, as he had done every single time Sam had voiced his concerns. They weren’t unfounded, but Dean knew what he was doing, and if Dean didn’t then Cas certainly did. He stopped walking and put his hands on Sam’s shoulders, looking into his face.
The royal guards that lined the halls more for appearances than security were blessedly silent.
“Make love to me, Dean,” Cas whispers into his ear and Dean tries very hard not to come from that alone. “Please?”
Dean held his hands up, “No,
“Not happening, Cas,” Dean huffed, “I’m coming with you.”
Cas’ mouth opened and closed soundlessly, before his eyes dropped to the floor and he mumbled, "I have a problem and I need to go away for a while,” he shuffled awkwardly on the spot, “a long while."
’ Dean thought, ‘
But here?
“That’s not true,” Cas snorted, even as Dean pulled him down onto the cushions, wrapping them up in the covers. Cas aided the effort with his wings, tucking them around Dean in the way Dean loved the most. It was like a cocoon of warmth, the softness of Cas’ feathers more comfortable than any pillow the kingdom could have offered. Dean settled against Cas’ chest, his arms securely around his waist. “I don’t like sleeping without you,” Dean insisted.
Cas leaned back against the cracked windscreen and closed his eyes. He was quiet for a long time, so long that Dean wondered if he was simply ignoring the question. Eventually, sometime after Dean had almost forgotten he had asked the question he said, “Busy. It was busy.” Cas said, “Humans didn’t seem to have enough hours in the day to do everything they wanted. Most were overworked and underpaid, few had the opportunity to pursue their own interests, fewer still could make a living from them. There was a great deal of intolerance and bigotry, monsters were not as prevalent as they are today but still a nuisance. The hunters kept them in check for the most part, few of the Old People actually knew of their existence.”
They both looked at each other, or at least they attempted to, but given that they were sharing a saddle it was a logistical impossibility. Sam and Adam had gone uncomfortably quiet, even though the silence that followed was hardly tense. Dean kissed the side of Cas’ neck and muttered, “We should probably talk about this, huh?”
The man smirked, “You think you don’t?” He held his gaze, pointedly, until Castiel conceded the point. “So long as you don’t get in the way you can go where you like.”
Dean turned on his side so that he was facing Cas, “Cas? You don’t think...You don’t think I’m angry
Sam grinned and lifted the flap, revealing two bottles of expensive whisky.
“Dean?” Sam called again, closer and if he came upon them with Castiel’s wings still wrapped securely around them he would know what they’d been up to instantly. Not that there was any shame in it, they were married and mated after all. But...they were also against a wall...in the stables...Sam might take issue with the etiquette of the whole thing.
Somehow they managed to get out of the room with all of their clothes on.
He’s so grateful Dean brought it.
“I expect you’ll want to discuss claiming me,” Cas said, so casually it should have been criminal. Dean swallowed, almost choking on the lump in his throat, but Cas didn’t give him a chance to say anything, “If it’s alright with you, I’d like to hold off until after this heat is over and we can talk about it properly.”
For a brief moment, Castiel lamented the time he’d spent preparing his uniform only to discard it almost as soon as he had entered Dean’s cabin. He had said as much to Dean come morning as the two of them had prepared to go on deck and he’d donned it again, brushing the dust off it, wondering why he hadn’t just hung it up like a normal person would, instead of dropping it to the ground.
Dean doesn’t. He is happy for Castiel to continue and show him what he’s found.
“Then, what has been the problem, oh wise one?” Dean scoffed. He was being unfair, but he was frustrated. Adam would forgive him.
Dean pushes himself up on one elbow and gently pulls Cas beneath him. His fingers cup his face, stroke his cheek, comb through his hair and as he leans in for another kiss, Dean whispers against his lips. “I love you too, Cas,” before he takes his lips to Cas’ neck and looks for all the ways he can drive him mad.
“Alright, but don’t mention Roman in it.”
“You’re...you’re not angry?” he asked, his voice a little shakier than Castiel had ever heard it.
was something of a contentious point. He had thought the church would soothe him, that it would provide some connection between his new home and the one he had just left. He had been proven incorrect. The Novak chapel was small, quiet or maybe that was just because he was used to it. It would never take Castiel very long to feel the presence of the Divines there among the cherry wood stalls and the scent of the holy ones. But the Winchester church was quite different. It was about ten times the size for a start, but then, this was the cathedral of a grand city, far removed from the chapel of the Novak Palatine. Much thought had been put into the architecture and great stone columns stretched up towards a vast ceiling. But the empty space was cold, devoid of the loving presence of the Divines and only the faintest, lingering aroma of incense on the air attested to their presence at all. The windows were made of beautifully coloured glass though and Castiel would be lying if he denied his immediate awe for the vaulted ceilings and their intricate patterns. It was a beautiful building, but he didn’t feel particularly soothed. It occurred to him, even if he were in the chapel back home, the Divines would probably still fail to settle him. Maybe nothing could.
It wasn’t the small one-decker it had seemed. The entire port side of the ship seemed to fall away and Castiel saw, just a split second before anyone else did, that it had been a ruse. A single deck painted onto a sail to lure them in, only to fall away to reveal what was no doubt the pride of Roman’s fleet; a three-deck frigate with its guns already rolled out, hidden beneath the painted canvas.
“I’m sorry Your Highness, but your husband has asked that no one enter, even you.”
had completely failed to follow her.
your take-away from this?” he managed to choke out when he could breathe again. “I didn’t know angels had secondary genders? You’re not bothered by...” he broke off,
Castiel glanced back one more time at
Meg gave a huff of impatience and rolled her eyes in a mannerism she must have picked up from Cas. “He’ll be along. He’s just taking care of some things.”
"I love you, Dean," Cas said looking at him with those fathomless blue eyes. There seemed something almost final about it but Dean realised that he was just projecting. They usually visited graveyards to desecrate something. They didn't usually hang around for the ambience or the inevitable confrontation with their own mortality.
his wife. They weren’t...together… or at least...that’s what he’d thought.
“I should be in there, I should-”
The reaction had been instant, people talking over each other, Sam had all but grabbed Bobby and shook him, demanding what he knew. It took a shout from Dean to calm them, before he too turned to Bobby expectantly.
.” Dean looked up to see that the other ship was coming around at the same time
Their children.
Something was shifting, Dean couldn’t see it, but he could feel it. Castiel pulled Meg close to him and gestured for Sam to follow, his angel blade out, though the sight of it couldn’t give Dean much comfort right now, only serving to remind him of what he was. They started moving as one when the silence was broken by the distinct snap of a twig, in a way it was reassuring. If it could make a noise, it could be tracked and if it could be tracked, it could be killed.
“I thought you guys would know better by now. Don’t you know every time you do something like this it blows up in your face?”
“Oh please, yes please,” Sam breathed, looking like he wanted to hug Cas, but probably realising he didn’t know him nearly well enough, he veered at the last moment and threw his arms around Dean. “Thank you,” he said, sincerely and Dean couldn’t help but grin at his mate. “Thank you so much for coming.”
Dean’s smile didn’t quite reach his eyes.
Cas’ eyes darted back towards the door, as though he were worried Sam might appear in that moment in whatever state he was in.
captain!” Castiel called up, more amused than anything else.
’ required him to join them. He was going to be late for work but it didn’t count if there was a Purification.
“Less of that please, I’m here to help,” she said sweetly, which naturally Dean didn’t believe in the slightest but she didn’t give him the chance to protest. “Sam’s brought me up to speed on your...
“Just, lemme borrow it, okay?”
“Here,” the queen said. “Dean?”
“Cas?”
Dean grinned up at him for a long time before he glanced at the tickets, the grin faltered and was swiftly replaced with a frown. The relief that had flooded Castiel choked a little. “Is everything alright?”
“I would question any man’s orders that had us cruising around the Caribbean for no good reason while there is a war to be fought.”
“Leviathan,” Castiel offered tentatively, but Dean had rounded on him, regardless.
Warmth spread through every part of Dean even though he tried to stop it. He really shouldn’t let his guard down but Sam was already crossing the room to hug him. He didn’t want to set himself up for a fall but he couldn’t help it. Dean leaned into his brother’s arm and let him hold him.
The three of them stood on the threshold in silence, unmoving, before Sam finally sighed, “So this is it. I’ll be back here in the morning to...to-”
From somewhere behind them, Balthazar cleared his throat. They both looked over at him, but he didn’t seem to be annoyed. “I suppose I don’t have to ask if you’re sure about all this, Cassie?”
“I heard,” Castiel said, speaking for the first time. “I also hear we are to testify in Ishim’s court-martial?” Balthazar gave just the smallest of smiles in response, but Castiel took his hand and squeezed, gently. “Thank you, Balthazar.”
Cas is as still as Dean was just a moment ago. Dean doesn’t want to move, he doesn’t want to breathe in case it scares him off. But then Cas just says it. He just straight up blurts it out.
as if in response three bolts of lightning struck the ground only a little beyond the window at which Dean was standing. Behind him, the dog...wolf...
He went to the door, opening it so he could call Benny to him. Benny had known him a long time so Dean was hardly surprised when his face fell, as though he could sense that something was wrong.
“I have to do this, Balthazar,” Castiel said, fiercely, slamming his hands down on the table. “We are to set sail in the morning, we are to accompany
“Gabriel, I need your help,” Cas snapped, ignoring Gabriel’s attentions towards Sam.
“It’s nothing.”
“Hey, hey,” Michael said, both hands firm on his shoulders now, holding him, grounding Castiel against the momentary panic that overwhelmed him. All he’d thought about was getting out of the Temple, away from the marriage waiting for him, now that the prospect of actually escaping lay before him he found he didn’t know what to do with it. But Michael was with him, Michael had him. This compassionate man who had no business being as kind and helpful as he was being. “You’re okay. We’re just walking. Just two friends walking in the gardens.”
Gabriel was beside him and he could feel him trying to crawl over to Castiel, no doubt to hold him down before they could seal the gates. But Castiel wasn’t going to let him. He flexed his wings and launched himself at the cave, letting the force of the returning souls take him further.
Dean froze.
“Mate,” Castiel whispered, or maybe it was Michael. Maybe it had been both of them. But there was no other word for it, not for the desperate need that engulfed the two of them. The sudden but absolute assurance that they had found their other half of their soul, the only other person who could complete them.
“Right, yeah...of course,” Dean snorted, despite himself. “When The Tribulation came, what was the world like?”
Clarence stared at him for a moment, his mouth falling open, before he said, quickly, “Yes. Yes, that is exactly it.”
“Ready?” he asked, but Castiel was saved from having to answer. What answer could there be? No, he wasn’t ready. No, he was making a terrible mistake. Somewhere out in the city his true mate was being married and Castiel wanted nothing more than to find him. He thought about running as the doors opened, as Sam walked him in, as they paused at the start of the aisle, right up until the doors closed behind him and there was no possibility of him leaving. Not without making even more of a scene than he would have initially.
It takes a moment for Castiel to think with his actual brain. “We missed check-in,” he says, breathlessly. He stills. He doesn’t want to pull out, not with Dean so tight and warm around him, but they have a job to do.
Whatever this was, it didn’t last. It couldn’t. Not with Cas as desperate as he was, all but clawing at Dean as he thrust against him, throwing his head back and coming with a startled cry, as though he had surprised himself with the force of it. Dean couldn’t help but follow him over the edge - he just looked so spectacular, taking what he needed within the same twenty-four hour period that he’d admitted he didn’t care for sex.
Cas had kissed him.
“Dean?” Castiel breathed. Anguish welled up within him.
They stared at each other for a moment, sizing the other up. Castiel had met pirate captains beforehand and they usually spoke a lot more with their fists than their words. They didn’t make a habit of treating their prisoners well and Castiel wasn’t quite sure what to make of his counterpart. At length he reached out to shake the man’s hand, he might as well, the man had been nothing but cordial to him since he woke up.
Cas’ mouth eases off him but his fingers keep him grounded, keeping him from drifting off the mortal plane and into new levels of bliss. Trailing kisses along his naval, Cas works his way up his chest, his neck, back to his lips, around his jaw to the shell of his ear. He hooks the lobe of Dean’s ear between his teeth and Dean discovers that he has a new kink or something because no one has ever done that but it is
“Yeah,” Dean’s voice sounded raspier than when he’d climbed out of his own coffin and had to spit out lungfuls of grave dirt. He felt as awful as he had that day too. The day Cas had forced his soul back into his broken body.
Cas looked as though he had just smelled something distasteful, “Why?”
“I don’t know where I’ll go,” Castiel blurted out, “It’s not like I can go home but it’s all I know and I don’t even know the area so it’s not as if-”
Benny’s sigh of relief when Dean and Castiel made it back to the ship in the morning could have filled the sails on its own. It was a sigh that spoke of a hundred near-misses, of the long-suffering only the first mate to a man such as Dean Winchester was forced to endure. Castiel couldn’t help but laugh, though he stopped abruptly when Dean grinned and kissed his cheek in passing.
Sam barged into the djinn holding Queenie’s hand, breaking the connection between them and sending the djinn sprawling. The others made a beeline for Sam in an attempt to help their leader up and it gave Dean the opening he needed. While the djinn were distracted, Dean forced himself past them, past Queenie, past his brother being wrestled to the ground and past the unconscious women hanging from the djinn’s rig.
As soon as his feet touched the deck, Castiel found himself frowning. They weren’t moving. The ship had weighed anchor, but a quick glance out of the window showed that they were still at sea. He stood still for a moment, taking stock, but no- they definitely weren’t moving. There was only the natural gentleness of the waves, barely enough to move such a ship. From the movement alone Castiel knew that it was a calm day, instinctively recording such observations even though he had no need to navigate them himself.
“I love you,” Cas blurted out, “I love you. I’d do anything for you...”
“Cool. Rowena said she’d sprayed the place anyway, you guys reeked.”
“Dean, the other one’s coming around,” Benny called.
“I’m scared too, Cas,” Dean said, pulling him into his arms, as much as he could while Castiel held a lit flame. “It’s going to be okay, no one is taking you or our baby.”
a frigate. We were pulled from blockade duty to sail halfway across the world just because Roman’s ships were sinking and you’re one of the best pirate catchers in the service. Not even your brothers can help you against that kind of power, and to be frank, I don’t think they’d even want to.”
“The child of an angel and a human,” Dean offered and boy, the standard education for non-royals must have been lacking in the nuances of political alliances and warfare because Adam clearly didn’t have a notion of what that meant.
“Go talk to your brother, he’s outside. And don’t worry, I’ve doused him in scent blockers so you won’t need to go all dominant alpha on him.” Dean made to pass her but she caught his arm before he could. “How is he?” she asked, nodding her head to the bedroom Dean had just left.
Michael held out his hand and Castiel took it, feeling a warmth that he had never thought to feel again.
He could have set his watch by the sound of his first lieutenant’s boots on the deck behind them, able to count down to the second when the heels clicked to attention smartly behind him.
“That’s a list of all the soldiers garrisoned in the kingdom.”
“Ha! Great. G’night, Cas.”
Deliberately, Castiel forced his mind away from the memory of his true mate. He was going to marry Prince Dean, Michael was beyond his reach and would always be so. There was a sheet of paper on the bureau beside him, a letter from the man he was about to marry. It was softer than he’d expected. Kinder. Filled with assurances that even though Castiel had moved far from his homeland, Dean would do whatever he could to help Castiel settle, if there was anything he could do, Castiel had only to ask. Considering Castiel had sent his own letter just a few moments before assuring Dean of his fealty, he was feeling quietly positive that they could make this marriage work. Though even as he had the thought he felt a small tug in his heart, Michael’s face appearing before his eyes.
“Oh...” Dean said, having gotten so caught up in the reunion that he had forgotten Castiel was even there. “Bobby, this is Cas. Cas, this is Bobby.”
Beside him, Dean stirred, his face breaking into a beautiful smile when he opened his eyes to find Castiel where he’d left him. For a moment, they were content to just look at each other, the events of the night before coming back to them in lazy increments.
Carefully, Castiel removed Zachariah’s hand from his arm. “I was invited.”
Dean wasn’t entirely sure what was going on, this didn’t seem to be anything to do with the heat but who was he to deny his mate who all but dragged him back into the nest? Cas landed heavily on Dean, pushing him down onto the bed, sealing their lips together and moaning into Dean’s mouth as they rutted against each other.
of your brothers?”
“True, Raphael and I have never quite seen eye to eye. But, all of us have an unspoken agreement to not interfere with the other’s business, particularly when it concerns Michael.”
“It’s a warding stone,” Adam said, which caused Castiel to look over in surprise.
Dean was convinced his jaw was somewhere on the ground. They had trapped an archangel, an archangel who instead of getting angry at them for their impudence was flirting with Dean’s brother. Life was becoming somehow more insane by the minute.
With deliberate patience, he angled himself so the head of his cock would brush against Dean’s, marvelling how Dean threw his head back at the first frisson of pleasure that sparked through them. Taking them in hand, Castiel thrust against Dean who tried to roll his hips but couldn’t get the leverage from where he lay, pinned beneath Castiel. Not that it took away from the experience. If Benny came to the door now, there would be no way to stifle the sound of what was happening in the cabin, perhaps he could hear it already, but there was no stopping them. With firm, measured strokes Castiel took his weight on his free arm, swallowing the moans that fell from Dean’s lips, mingling them with his own.
He tried to focus on Dean as blackness encroached him.
Bobby snorted, “Yeah, they’ll do that,” he said, fondly, but Dean cleared his throat.
So this is the third iteration of this chapter because I threw a bit of a wobble over the original two :O
Zachariah’s hand shot up, stopping Castiel before he could continue. “There’s plenty of time for that, you should report back to your ship and get settled-”
“Why didn’t you fly here?” Adam asked with a frown.
Beside him, Clarence took off the acolyte’s hood wringing it out and using as an utterly ineffectual towel. Dean couldn’t help but stare, he hadn’t seen Clarence’s face without the frame of the hood and he’d had no idea what the guy’s hair looked like. Gorgeous. Like the rest of him. It shouldn’t have been a surprise. It was short, dark and even soaked it stuck up in several different directions as though it couldn’t be tamed.
“Wow, you didn’t waste any time,” the man, Dean, laughed as he passed by Castiel’s table. He had a tray balanced on one arm and was gathering empty cups from vacated tables, but he’d apparently glanced in Castiel’s direction as he passed. “Can I get you anything else?” he offered and Castiel could feel the kindness in him.
It starts, as does everything of import in Dean Winchester’s life, with Cas. Specifically, with Cas looking between his phone and his laptop, his bottom lip caught between his teeth as he chewed it almost nervously. For his part, Dean wished he wouldn’t do that, it inevitably drew Dean’s attention to Cas’ lips, which in turn led to Dean thinking about what he’d like to
Adam waved a hand over the papers, “Sam said he was going to stay up and write some reports so I thought I’d do it for him.”
The area surrounding the bunker wasn’t particularly inspiring in terms of views, but it wasn’t as though Dean would risk himself or Cas going further out just so they could potentially look at something else. The two of them usually only ended up looking at each other anyway. Hell, if the destination was the point of the journey, they would have probably been better off walking. As it was, they were in the car for hardly any time at all, but the novelty of driving, even over such a short distance, even as badly as Dean did so, had yet to wear off.
Castiel let his forehead against Dean’s shoulder, “Just a few minutes more? It’s nice to see you without a regiment roll call in front of you.”
get out of Hell, right?”
Cas was patient. It came with being an angel and having witnessed thousands of years of human history and everything that had come before. He would have been happy to carry on as Dean’s ‘buddy’ until Dean was ready to admit that maybe there was something to the longing glances and soulful looks. It’s why, once Dean had told him that Dean’s reluctance to show him off in public had nothing to do with Cas being Cas, Cas was happy to wait for Dean to take things at his own pace.
It was laughable in a way that was anything but funny that Dean had been lamenting the idea of parting ways with Cas.
He smiled, fondly. It was becoming harder and harder to remember he was a prisoner and his first duty was to escape. Dean caught his eye and gestured for Castiel to join him at the wheel. Without even considering it Castiel crossed the deck towards him. Escape plans could wait.
,” Sam breathed, reaching into his pocket, “Sorry, yeah, lemme just...”
Only Castiel could see Dean roll his eyes, but he was smiling.
“I’ll come back to you,” he promised, with such feeling Castiel could not do anything but accept it. “I’ll always come back to you.”
. Besides, Zachariah was right, he was exhausted. He could go back to his ship, write his report and once it was in writing there would be no denying Roman’s corruption.
“I’m sure he’s just tired,” Dean said, forcing a smile, “We’ll make him get some rest now that we’re here and he’ll feel better for it.”
Dean wasn’t so pissed that he missed Cas getting the reference for once. He would have called him up on it but the Raichu...Raiju...
And when they didn't understand he told them a third time.
The djinn raised its blade that was practically a sword and Dean closed his eyes waiting for the blow.
“If I was teasing you, you’d be begging me to take you,” Cas says as a matter of fact and there goes the blood rushing South again.
The blow didn’t come but the inevitable cry of pain did.
Dean had told Castiel that he would not accept his promise of returning, that if he had done so then it would mean he looked for him every day. And so, Castiel had not promised, but Dean had still looked. It had been weeks since they had left Castiel at Nassau, since he had watched him disappear out of view with some important looking men who would sooner hang Dean than look at him. Still, every day Dean woke up and would look out to sea, leaning against
“Okay, okay,” Dean snapped, “We...we haven’t talked about it yet. We’re taking things slow.” Sam snorted, so Dean rolled his eyes, “We’re taking things as slow as we can when one of us is in heat and we’re true mates.”
There was a slight shift over the silence and Rowena’s lilting voice rang out over the line, “Hello boys.”
“Alright, alright, you win, you win!” Dean called, doubled over laughing.
The sun was warm against them and through the haze of rain that remained around the ground the light refracted into a dozen different colours. It might have even been beautiful but Dean was looking at Cas and the sight just didn’t compare.
And then he kissed him, putting into it every ounce of tenderness that he had spoken with. Cas kissed him until all the doubt, all the fear, the second-guessing had faded into a whisper of a thing, and even then he didn’t stop. He didn’t stop until Dean’s lips were tingling and the idea that Cas might not want him was as distant as it was ludicrous.
Meg and Sam looked over at the thing, thoroughly unimpressed, by...well...whatever it was. It looked more like a large box, rusted, grimy, almost totally subsumed by roots that had grown out of the ground and practically strangled it. One of the front windows was smashed and two of its wheels were missing, but Dean just shrugged.
Dean allowed Cas to steer him through the corridors to their rooms, where a bath was already waiting for them. No doubt Cas had called for it the moment he’d heard the horses in the courtyard. Dean made for the nearest chair, but Cas had stopped him.
Again, Castiel kept his face impassive but it was a wasted effort. Crowley obviously knew he was choosing to stay, there was no way a prisoner in Castiel’s position would ignore the opportunity to escape. He should have fallen upon Crowley the moment that he’d seen him and no doubt his lack of desire to leave such company would make it back to the admiralty, if only to discredit anything Castiel might say of Crowley’s double-dealings. Still, he had a better chance of living to see the admiralty again if he stayed with Dean.
Clarence started saying the words of the vows, when Dean wasn’t looking at him it was Clarence, even though he knew it couldn’t be. Missouri turned to Dean expectantly and he heard his own voice answer.
Even as two of them broke away from Sam and tackled Dean, he liked the odds, managing to slice at an arm, stab at a leg and land what he thought was one of his most impressive throws knowing that they had this.
Dean closed his eyes and took a few breaths to steady himself. If he were the praying type he might ask for deliverance but instead he tried to keep his voice as even as possible, determinedly not thinking about the man beside him taking a fake knot. “You know how heats work on earth, right?” he asked, with as much nonchalance as he could possibly put into his tone. “They can get pretty intense...fake knots...” he swallowed and looked away when Cas tracked the motion in his throat, “They can help with...y’know...”
Dean fumbles with the remote as he tries to turn it off. He manages to cut it just as the waiter disappears under a woman, already groaning excessively. The panel returns to obscure the screen but Cas looks traumatised.
There were no djinn around the barn. It was quiet, so quiet Dean wondered if maybe he’d gotten it wrong. Maybe Cas wasn’t here. Maybe Cas didn’t even remember this place. But then Queenie had said...and if that was true then surely he-
There would have to be a report to the Lords of the Admiralty, in which he could include all of this. Anything he wrote would likely end up printed in The Gazette as part of the no doubt thrilling tale of Castiel’s capture and subsequent experiences on a pirate ship. The public would eat that up and it might even provoke sympathy for the islanders, perhaps put a little pressure on the powers-that-be to do something about it. By that time the Admiral of the West Indies hadn’t put an end to it himself. The Lords would never approve the enslavement of civilians like this, especially civilians under the de facto protection of Her Majesty’s Navy and without their support Roman would no doubt founder.
Dean nuzzled his face into Cas’ neck, inhaling deeply. “Whatever you say, omega.”
Dean shifted awkwardly, uncomfortable in the face of such an open and sudden declaration of emotion. But then, it was probably a good thing Sam had said it. That and the other stuff. Dean’s approach of, ‘get in the damned car, Cas,’ might have worked but it wouldn’t have helped.
He looked so proud of himself, barely more than a boy, that Castiel couldn’t help but smile back at him. “I’m sure that’s very helpful,” he said, approvingly. Adam’s smile, if possible, grew wider.
“Cool, I’ll grab my stuff,” Dean beamed, closing the book.
Sam gave him a weak smile. “I know. That’s why I’m telling you this. I think you can help him in a way I never could.”
__________________________________________________________
Dean rounded the corner and froze.
“No, it’s been fairly consistent.”
“Hello, Dean,” he said weakly.
“Dean,” Sam called, making him pause. “I’m not an idiot. And I’ve noticed—”
He sighed. “Look, Cas, I—”
Cas took a deep breath and mumbled something in agreement, before walking out of the room.
It’s not like it mattered anymore. Cas was gone, swallowed up by a void of darkness right before his eyes. And Dean would never see him again. So it didn’t matter. None of it mattered. Not anymore.
“I’ve had sex before. Multiple times.”
Cas nodded. “I’m glad you aren’t uncomfortable with my presence. After our last conversation, I thought— ”
“Not by itself, it isn’t.”
Dean touched his side and noticed a gnarly scar in place of his wound.
“Don’t,” Dean said, standing up. He walked towards the doorway, stopping only to grab a bottle of scotch, before going back to his room. There was no way he was going to sit around while Cas looked at him like a pitiful child.
Cas furrowed his brow. “Getting in the car?”
Sam scratched the back of his head. “Dean.”
When he woke up, he was back in the bunker, laying on his bed. His coat hung over the sink, still covered in blood and his ripped shirt was crumpled on the floor. Damn. He liked that flannel.
Cas’ hand froze in his hair.
Cas shrugged. “I didn’t expect it to happen so quickly. I’ve been alive for millions of years, and to suddenly face mortality…I wasn’t sure how to handle it. So, I wanted to be of use to you and Sam for as long as I possibly could.”
“Human.”
Dean dragged Cas to a bar after Sam and Eileen left—he needed to relax a little and didn’t feel like leaving the angel sitting alone in the bunker. The bar wasn’t too full; there were only a few occupied tables and a group of frat boys at one of the pool tables.
Cas exhaled slowly. “I’m not sure.”
He sighed. He wished his mom was still around. She might have answers for something like this. Part of him just wanted to swallow his pride, tell Sam, and ask what the hell he was supposed to do. But he didn’t want to seem weak. He and Sam, they fought monsters for a living, stopped multiple apocalypses, survived actual Hell—and
Cas pinched the bridge of his nose. He opened his mouth to say something, but closed it again. “How’s your wound?”
He had managed to put his foot in his own mouth yet again.
He furrowed his brow. “I like Eileen, Sam. She’s a good girl—a good hunter. She makes you happy.”
He cupped Cas’ chin, forcing those blue eyes to meet his own.
“I think so. Yes.”
Dean swallowed. “Is it getting worse?”
“Dean?” Sam called.
By 9 a.m., he managed to drag himself into the library. Cas was sitting at the first table, reading through a large book about honeybees. Dean knew better than to ask.
“You know?”
Dean took a deep breath. “Yeah, I’m fine. Just tired.”
“Cas. I’m saying I can’t do this sober.”
“I gotta ask,” he said, avoiding Cas’ gaze. “Did you ever…you know—”
At first, he just stood there, staring at the door.
Dean tightened his grip on Cas’ hand.
He couldn’t do this. Not really. Whenever he did, it didn’t work out—not for him and certainly not for the people who were stupid enough to love him. Lisa, Anna, hell, even Robin…all he did was screw up their lives. He couldn’t do that to Cas. He couldn’t make him happy.
“If you ask me how I’m feeling, I’m throwing this at you,” Dean said, waving a pancake at him.
“Hm?”
Cas’ words rang through his head.
Dean sighed heavily. He was still mulling over those last few words.
“Hm?”
Dean sighed, rising from his stool. He threw some cash on the counter and made his way towards the door, fully ignoring Cas’ confused gaze.
__________________________________________________________
“No, Sam. No we can not. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: I. Am. Fine.”
“No, I’m not.”
Dean cleared his throat. “And where the hell were you?”
Dean could feel Sam’s glare piercing through his back as he left the table and skulked back to his room.
Dean looked at him.
“He does listen to you. Even when he pretends he doesn’t. Look, Cas, I’m not gonna pry into whatever is going on between you two—your
“What the hell?”
“Dean?” Sam appeared behind him.
“Why didn’t you say anything?”
“It’s not that big of a deal.”
it seemed, being with another man was never completely out of the picture. But this wasn’t just some hookup in a bar—this was
“Can you believe him?” he mumbled, heading towards the kitchen. “I need a beer. Do you want a beer?”
Cas glanced up at him. “I’m fine. I think…I think it would best if I stayed somewhere else for a while.”
It shouldn’t have mattered. But it did.
—to say something, but the words just wouldn’t come out.
He should be used to not being able to sleep. Hell, on a good night he only got about four hours. And when he couldn’t, he would just stare at the ceiling and think about nothing until his alarm went off. So why was he so restless?
__________________________________________________________
“I don’t need to be in your head to know something is wrong. So whatever it is—”
The following days, Dean avoided Castiel like he was Pestilence himself. He kept searching for a case, but nothing was coming up. The only time there wasn’t some sort of monster running around killing things is when he
“You know what, blow me, Cas,” Dean said, standing up.
“I won’t blame you if you kick his ass. He deserves it all the time.”
“I know. But I don’t want a drunk Dean.”
“What he’s having,” Cas grunted.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Let me rephrase myself.
There were so many questions. So many things he needed to know. So many answers he would never get. And it just…hurt.
—but…Dean was a mess after you died. I’ve never seen him like that. Not after Bobby or Mom…it destroyed him, Cas. And I know you care about him—”
Dean watched as he picked at the burger in front of him. Cas said he was a little hungry, but he insisted he was just in a weakened state. His angel powers were back (kinda), but he wouldn’t elaborate.
, he thought, sitting upright. He threw the blanket off of his legs and reached for his jeans. This wasn’t going to get any easier, and he’d rather handle it before Sam got back. The last thing he needed was his baby brother trying to dissect his…whatever this was.
“And that’s the last thing I want,” he said soberly, his eyes growing damp. “I never wanted you to hurt you with these emotions. If I had any other chance to experience my true happiness, I assure you that I wouldn’t have asked you to carry this burden. My happiness, if it comes at the price of yours, then I don’t want it. Knowing you’re here, that you’re alive, that’s enough for me. But I can’t stay here if it’s hurting you. I can’t.”
He was sure Cas could feel his lips trembling. At the very least, he could hear him fighting back tears. Dean wanted to look at his face, but he couldn’t—he couldn’t show Cas how pathetic he was. He didn’t even realize that Cas was in a similar state.
He smiled fondly, resting his hand on Dean’s cheek.
Dean rolled his eyes and walked around the corner. “Hey,” he said, smacking his hands together. “I think I found us a case.”
He got into the kitchen and hung his head.
Or was it more recent? Was it before Dean kicked him out of the bunker (he really hoped it wasn’t). Before the Mark? Or maybe it wasn’t until they all started raising a damn kid together. Jack thought of Cas as his dad and Crowley
he loved him—which made no sense, but nothing ever did when it came to Castiel the angel. And if that was the case, it had to be before Purgatory.
“It’s really you?” Dean asked.
Cas' eyes were soft, and they were melting away at his feelings yet again. He completely forgot whatever he was going to say.
“Dean, you need to stay in bed,” Cas scolded, sitting him back down on the mattress.
__________________________________________________________
“I love him,” Cas assured him.
One of the wraiths made a beeline for Cas—and Dean still wasn’t sure how he did it—but he managed to tackle him. Cas grabbed the silver knife and finished her off, but not before she hurt Dean. The wraith’s spike ripped through his side and he yelped. He rolled off of Cas, blood pouring out of his side.
They didn’t break apart until they heard the bunker door open. Dean quickly pulled away from Cas, acting like nothing happened. Sam took two steps into the bunker before stopping dead in his tracks, eyes wide in amazement.
The wound glowed slightly, causing Dean to twist in pain.
is what made him stop in his tracks? Falling in…
“No, I just want to make sure we’re on the same page.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Oh, what? You wanted to talk. Let’s talk.”
It had been weeks since Dean was in his room, and after Cas disappeared, he couldn’t even look at the door.
Dean sighed.
“Where’d you learn how to do that?” Dean chuckled.
“You don’t have to be so gentle,” Dean moaned between kisses.
Cas' eyes went wide, then looked back down at his burger with a dejected nod.
“You’re being reckless.”
“Cas,” Dean said softly. “Are you dying?”
“Do you?”
His brother looked at him, eyes wide.
Anytime the two of them were alone in a room, it was just awkward. There’s no way Sam didn’t notice. And now that Eileen was moving in, she would probably notice too—and, damn, this was turning into the worst-case scenario. Everyone knew what was wrong with him, and it was pissing him off. Sam actually had the nerve to suggest a therapist (to which Dean promptly threw a beer can at his head); and, on top of every other shitty thing going on in Dean’s life, he was starting to have dreams. Dreams that reminded him just how pent-up he was.
The door shut with a soft click. Dean used the bed frame for support as he struggled to stand. His legs gave out, but Cas was under his arm before he could hit the ground.
“Am I hurting you?”
“Figures,” he huffed, throwing his phone on the counter. He couldn’t just keep avoiding Cas until Sam got back. And even after he did, then what? They all go back to hunting monsters and act like Dean doesn’t know what he knows?
“Wait,” Dean said. “Can we just stay like this for a little longer?”
Dean suddenly couldn’t remember how to breathe. He glanced at the ground and then at Cas' dangling hand. Something in his head said to reach for that hand—to comfort Cas (or maybe just himself). He had already hugged Cas once, so he knew he was real. But he wanted to touch him again, just for reassurance.
“Not now,” he grumbled, wiping the dampness from his face. He made his way over to the fridge in hopes of avoiding Sam’s gaze. It didn’t work.
He could hear Sam and Cas standing in the hall, speaking in hushed voices.
“And? What, you need my permission?”
“Cas,” he groaned.
He handed the bottle to Cas and pulled him in for a deep, passionate kiss. For the first time in a long time, Dean wanted something he could actually have. And he’d be damned if he wasn’t going to take it.
“Hello, Sam.”
Dean started tracing little hearts on Cas’ back. When did he become such a romantic? He’d never really admit it, but this was always the dream: waking up in the arms of the person who loved him most. It was something he never thought he’d have—never thought he’d deserve. He knew that there would be some days where he still felt that way—more than he’d ever admit to. But in this moment of serenity, Dean didn’t care.
“That’s all I wanted to say,” Sam added, tapping the counter.
“He’s come back before,” Sam suggested.
“A couple of days. Tops.”
Dean’s fingers strummed restlessly against the table.
“Dean?” Eileen said, snapping him out of his trance.
“Yeah,” Sam sighed. “I just wanted to make sure. You know, there have been a lot of changes going on and—”
“I don’t know what you expect me to do—”
This was
“Because you seem troubled by my presence. I never meant to make you uncomfortable. Frankly, I never planned to say anything. But it was the only option at the time.”
“Whenever possible,” Dean chuckled, leaving the room.
“Dean,” he said without making eye contact. “I know why you’re doing this. You think you’re subtle—you think maybe, if you say the right thing, I’ll give up. You’re punishing yourself out of guilt, frustration, mourning…”
Both men turned to him, surprised.
__________________________________________________________
The worst part was that Cas had to see him in this state. Why did he even love Dean? Cas was, well, Cas. He was an angel. A real, live angel. Dean saw how people looked at him—with that babyface and those pretty eyes—he could have anyone he wanted. So why would he want a not-quite-forty-year-old, broken mess like him? Why did he put up with all of the crap Dean put him through? All of the cruel things he has said over the years. Cas gave up an army for him and Dean…he let Cas die.
“You okay?” Dean asked, leaning on the doorframe.
“But, I think, maybe you should stay back on this one.”
__________________________________________________________
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “Here we go,” he groaned.
“That’s not the point. This time…this was different.”
“You know,” Dean smirked. “I’m completely relaxed. You could have your wicked way with me and I’d probably let you.”
__________________________________________________________
“Dean,” he said calmly. “It’s…it appears I am still weak from the Empty. I can’t heal wounds properly, my tastes are changing again, and I’m very tired. It’s like I’m…”
“I’m fine, Cas,” Dean barked. “I gotta make a call.”
He rested his hand on Cas’ naked back and sighed. When was the last time he cuddled with someone? Hell, when was the last time he woke up next to someone? It was all so dreamlike. Dean almost expected to wake up alone in the Impala—that this was just another one of his nighttime fantasies (one’s he was too old to be having, he might add). But his throbbing backside made him think otherwise.
__________________________________________________________
“I’m good, thanks,” he replied, drinking the rest of his scotch. “Maybe some other time.”
“Oh,” Dean nodded. “Right, so…”
Cas leaned down and gently pressed his lips to Dean’s forehead. Dean’s breath hitched at the sudden closeness. It was so…
“Dude,” Dean scoffed. “He came back from the dead. I think I’m allowed to be a little weirded out.”
. “You’re dead,” he choked.
. “I, uh…” He sighed. “I got nothing.”
Cas cocked his head.
Sam could tell something was off. And Dean could tell that Sam could tell. But Sam didn’t ask any questions and Dean didn’t give him any answers. Everything was working out fine. For a few months, at least. It wasn’t until their latest case that everything went to hell.
He sighed. He’d been doing a lot of that lately. But everything was just so…overwhelming. For a few moments, he thought having Cas back would lighten the emotional burden, but it just made everything worse. He was happy to have Cas back—
was a soap opera with him). He didn’t even know what he was feeling, so how the hell was he supposed to tell Sam?
. He told himself he wouldn’t do this, but the tear was already rolling down his cheek.
“I told you I was hunting with her.”
Dean chuckled. “You have no idea? None at all?”
“Yeah. Thanks again for letting me stay here.”
“Dean—”
She started talking, but Dean couldn’t quite register what she was saying. He was too focused on her actions. How she leaned on the bar, pushing her chest out towards the oblivious angel, twirling a curl in her finger, never dropping the million dollar smile. She brushed her arm against Cas,’ and Dean saw red. She whispered something in his ear and he smiled, which made her giggle.
Dean rolled over next to him, placing a hand on his cheek, and unable to shake the grin from his face.
He climbed into the Impala and rested his head against the steering wheel. What was his problem? He had no right to be… like this. Cas was more than welcome to flirt with whoever the hell he wanted to. Dean did it all the time, so why should there be a double standard? Damnit, what was happening to him?
“It hurts like a son of a bitch, but I’ll manage. I’ve had worse.”
“I’m not a damn babysitter.”
Cas met his gaze, fighting to keep the tears from leaving his glassy eyes.
It was as plain as he remembered. Cas never hung anything up on the walls. He had a small stack of books on the nightstand and an old cassette player on his dresser—the one Dean gave him a few years back. The bed was neatly made, as always. He knew angels didn’t need sleep, but he wondered if Cas ever tried. But now wasn’t the time for questions like that, was it?
“No, you didn’t see him. After everything was over, he was like an empty shell. Even when we got Jody and Charlie and everyone else back, he just wasn’t there. And when I finally got to see Eileen it was almost like he was…mad at me for it. I thought things would change after you got back, but Dean…I think the whole battle with God finally broke him. And I don’t know what to do.”
“Dean.”
“Not what I was gonna ask, but okay,” Dean said, mildly offended. “How many times?”
Dean had never been touched so gently. Yes, they were just holding hands, but something about it felt so…intimate. It was unlike anything he ever felt before. He gave Cas’ hand a reassuring squeeze, wiping a stray tear from his own face.
Dean sighed. “I know,” he whispered.
Sam sighed, placing his bag on the table. “Someone should stay with Cas.”
“Oh, you know exactly what I mean.”
“Will you listen to me?”
“Dean,” he exhaled. “I’m already very happy. Just being here—”
Dean winced at the absence of warmth on his bare skin. Was he really about to do this?
“Come on,” he said, slapping the empty spot next to him.
He scoffed. “You must really love me, huh?”
“Nothing.”
He had been staring at his laptop for hours and nothing to show for it. He thought about calling Jody or Donna to see if either of them had anything suspicious, but they were both hunters. They could handle themselves and, even if they couldn’t, they knew to call if they needed help. So now what was he supposed to do? Sit around and knit?
“Damnit Cas, I don’t know what’s with you two, but I’m not blind. I’ve been around you both for over a decade and you aren’t exactly subtle.”
“Kind of. I still have my grace, I can feel it. But it’s like I’m…I’m only half as strong as I was, and I wasn’t at my full strength before the Shadow took me. Healing you took most of my strength.”
“I did the best I could, but—”
“No, Sam is being more than helpful,” she satirized.
“Cas?” he called, sliding into his coat. “I’m going on a beer run. You need anything?”
Just like before, Dean involuntarily leaned into his touch, nuzzling against his warm palm.
“Can you heal him?”
When Dean woke up, Cas was draped over his chest, fast asleep. He never really got the chance to see him sleep (which sounded weird now that he thought about it). Cas looked so peaceful. His stoic expression was relaxed and his dark hair tousled.
He frowned. “Hunting what, Sam? Something tells me it’s not vampires.”
“Isn’t it boring?” he asked, startling Cas. “Just sitting around, waiting for Sam to come back, like a couple of sad housewives. We should find a case.”
“Look,” Dean said, standing by the edge of the bed.
“Where are your pants?”
was. This is why his relationships never work out. Dean wasn’t designed for commitment and when he tried, it just ended up hurting everyone involved. He hurt Ben and Lisa, he hurt Cassie, Anna, Jo…it always ended the same. And this—the unfaltering love that he craved—was something he could never have.
Castiel slowly placed his hand on his cheek. Dean squeezed his eyes shut as he involuntarily leaned into the warm touch. Cas’ thumb caressed the stubbly skin, resting just over Dean’s chapped lips.
“Scotch,” he said to the bartender, scowling at the smiling waitress. “Make it a double.”
Dean splashed some water on his face, before pulling out his phone and texting Sam.
“No,” he chuckled. “No, this is different.”
Even with a gun to his head, Cas couldn’t help but smile. “Dean,” he said calmly.
Dean didn’t remember most of the evening. He remembered going to the bar and sweet-talking the young bartender into a few free shots of tequila. And she promised to take him out back and show him a good time.
Cas pulled his lips away and frowned. “I
“What?” Cas questioned in disbelief.
Dean patted his back with pride. “Go get ‘em, tiger.”
“So I’ve been thinking,” Sam said, sitting across from him. “This is a big bunker, there’s a lot of spare rooms, and I thought maybe Eileen could come and stay here.”
“What?” Sam grunted.
Cas blushed. “I did some…research.”
to believe it was because he cried himself to sleep. There was no way that was happening.
“Besides, a case isn’t going to help you.”
want?”
“I know you’re not okay.”
“Right,” Sam nodded. “Dean?”
Dean took a deep breath before turning towards her, with a smile on his face. She had long, black hair, dazzling blue eyes, and a smile that could make any man melt. Any other night, Dean would’ve wooed her and taken her up on whatever she was offering. But not tonight.
“You could’ve died. You almost died, protecting me. And that’s—”
Cas sat in the chair next to him, reluctantly grabbing the second beer. “How many times are you going to go searching for something that can kill you?”
, he thought.
__________________________________________________________
“Dean told you.”
Cas sat beside him on the bed and pulled the blanket down. The scar was bubbled, surrounded by purple bruises. His hand gently touched the skin just below Dean’s ribs, careful not to touch the damaged area.
Cas sighed. “How do you feel?” he asked.
Cas cocked his head and Dean finally realized they were just staring at each other.
“S’fine,” he grumbled.
Dean cleared his throat, but Cas didn’t notice.
They finally broke apart, gasping for air. Dean smiled anxiously, like it was the first time he’d been kissed like that. Cas let out a nervous laugh, before pressing one more chaste kiss against his swollen lips.
“Don’t lie to me.”
“Foolish, I know.”
He kissed the top of his angel’s head and smiled. Cas loved him and he loved Cas. And he knew Cas knew that. But Dean supposed it was finally time. He was going to tell him those exact words when he woke up:
“Hey.”
“And I’m sure you two will have a lot of fun,” Dean said, reaching for the bag.
“Oh, it’s no problem at all. Do you need any help with the boxes?” he asked, attempting to sign the word “help.”
“I’m not a damn basket case, Sam.”
“I can’t—”
“Can you shut the door?”
Dean opened his mouth to correct him, but stopped when he saw Cas’ disapproving look. “What’s wrong?”
“Come on, Cas. I know you should take it easier right now, but we could find something easy. Something closeby. Maybe it’ll get your juices flowing again.”
“No.”
His smile grew wider. “Long enough.”
“Can I come in?” he finally grunted.
Without a word, Cas stepped aside, gesturing to the open space.
Dean nodded, pouring syrup onto his plate.
Dean walked down the hall, stopping at Cas’ room. The door was open, and the angel sat on the edge of the bed, twirling the cassette in his hands.
Dean shook his head.
Dean blinked and lowered his gun. “You don’t think Jack…?”
“My being here…I can’t help but think it’s hurting you.”
He blinked. “Knew what would happen?”
“You should lay back down.”
“Excuse me?” Dean challenged with wide eyes.
“Good. Glad we got that out of the way,” he added, patting Cas' back.
Dean shut his mouth. No, he really
“Have you?”
__________________________________________________________
“Cas?” he whispered in disbelief.
Dean scoffed. “I’m saying it’s okay.”
“I got a call from Eileen. She’s pretty sure it’s only one or two vamps and she agreed to wait for me to come and help her,” Sam shrugged.
“What the hell were you thinking?” Cas barked.
Cas kissed him slowly. “I love you,” he said.
Dean wrapped his hand around Cas’ wrist and nodded. “Okay,” he murmured. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Cas was taken aback. “I assure you, my juices are flowing just fine.”
Dean swallowed. “Yeah.”
“And I’d take human you over dead you any day of the week.”
Dean really couldn’t remember how he got here, on his bed, straddling Cas’ naked thighs. They had taken their time slowly removing each other’s clothes, hands exploring each other’s bodies. Cas caressed every mark and scar, and covered his neck in kiss marks. Dean’s fingers traced circles on his back, wishing he would have seen the wings at least once.
Dean found a rhythm, rocking faster. Cas matched his movements with gentle thrusts and wrapped his hand around Dean’s leaking prick.
“Nope,” Dean replied, popping open his beer.
. Any other time, Dean would have laughed at him for being so clueless. Damnit, he told Cas to
“Poetic?” Dean smirked.
“Haven’t decided yet.”
“I take perfectly good care of myself.”
Dean heard his bedroom door close quietly and wondered if he should apologize. He was never one to talk about feelings, but at the same time, he didn’t want to hurt Cas. He hoped Cas would realize that this was for the best. Dean didn’t have to address all of his confused feelings and Cas never had to experience the turmoil that came with loving him. He deserved better than that. So why did Dean start walking towards Cas' room?
Dean choked on his beer. “It’s fine,” he coughed, glancing at his brother.
Cas tapped the table. “Sam’s worried about you.”
Cas furrowed his brow. “Yes, I suppose. Dean—”
Nope, he had to get that idea out of his head immediately.
And Cas’ face—dear God,
Sam nodded slowly. “And you’re sure he’s not…”
“Dean,” Sam scrubbed his hand down his face. “Look, man. I don’t know what is going on with you right now, and I know Cas coming back is a
“You know what—”
He wondered when it started. Had Cas always loved him? Did it start after he had become human? The Leviathans?
Cas reached over to him, but he smacked his hand away.
A slick finger slid down his crack, making Dean’s throbbing cock twitch eagerly. Cas circled his hole, brushing over the tight ring.
He sat up slowly and looked down at his body. He didn’t remember taking his shoes and coat off, and he certainly didn’t remember tucking up under the blankets. On his nightstand sat a cup of black coffee. Dean reached over and picked it up; it was still warm. Cas must’ve left it there pretty recently. At least he hoped it was Cas and not another ghost in the bunker. Then again, he could handle a ghost. But he had no idea what to do when it came to Cas, and everything he did just made it more complicated. Why was he so bad at everything?
“Should I wait up?” he mocked.
Dean wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that. Nothing else mattered in that moment. It was just him and Cas and the overwhelming surge of feelings he so desperately tried to ignore. He didn’t even question it anymore: he loved Cas. He was
Dean’s grip on the wheel grew tighter. He tried to swallow the lump in his throat, but it remained. Cas turned to meet his gaze and Dean’s breath hitched. He couldn’t put the feeling into words—not really—but it was like a warmth radiated off of Cas, something that was touching him at his very core.
he was snoring softly, something Dean found to be absolutely adorable.
Dean begrudgingly handed him a towel without taking his eyes off of the sink. They stood in silence, washing and drying, and it had to be the most awkward thing Dean had ever experienced (and he’d had a lot of awkward experiences—one in particular involving bees).
“Like a little bitch,” he grumbled.
—but now all of those unresolved emotions were coming to a head. He wanted to scream. A lot.
“So it went to Jack, and offered him a one-time deal. It would spit me out of the Empty on the condition that I never return, even in death. And Jack accepted, on one condition: it never leaves the Empty again. Balance is very important to him, and he couldn’t have it invading other domains simply because it was angry. In order to keep his promise, Jack had to make a choice.”
“Cas…”
“Can you say it again?” Dean murmured.
Dean felt something stir in his chest, but wrote it off as heartburn.
“They’re pancakes,” he responded with a full mouth. “Where’s Cas?”
Cas lifted his shirt and gasped. The gash was too deep for stitches and Dean was getting lightheaded.
Cas chuckled. “I’m sure.”
Dean’s head had been reeling non-stop since the Empty ripped him away. Everything Cas had ever done or said to him, all of it had a new meaning. Little moments that should’ve meant nothing now meant something. Dean wasn’t sure what that
didn’t even begin to describe his actions. But it had to be done, right? The sooner Cas got over Dean, the better his life would be.
“Save it,” Castiel interrupted, moving towards the stairs.
“Goodbye, Mary,” Castiel called out.
“Why do you have to be there so early anyway?” Dean asked when they were about halfway there.
“Did you know the entire time?” Cas asked.
All too soon (in Dean’s opinion), Castiel pulled off and stood back up, kissing Dean fiercely. Dean made quick work of Cas' clothing before moving them both to the bed.
“My dad could’ve done that himself! I don’t have to listen to you,” he tossed back.
The couple made eye contact and Anna tried to make him realize what was actually going on. Michael took a moment to think about what his girlfriend was saying. If Naomi hit his brother with that plate, then minutes later lied to his face about
“Well, I’m glad to hear it. Sam has been waiting for you to get back. He’s dying to play this board game Alfie got him for Christmas,” Mary said.
To the host’s horror, the arrow stopped on his boyfriend. Castiel was confused and a little hurt. He would’ve been fine if Dean had just been observing, but he was actually
“What happened to your mom?” he asked, dropping his voice just above a whisper. Castiel tensed up at the question. He didn’t like talking about it. Dean noticed his discomfort. “You don’t have to answer...if you don’t want to,” he said. It took a moment, but Castiel eventually found his voice.
“Are you just going to keep quoting movies or….” Dean teased, finding it easy to talk to Charlie. She laughed and rolled her eyes. Dean checked his watch and glanced around the empty room.
“Jo?” Charlie prompted.
He was just about finished with his cigarette when the door that lead backstage opened and Can't Argue Serenity walked out. He recognized all of them, the band not changing out even a single member in the ten years they’d been together. The lead singer was the last one to come out of the door. The man looked to his right and saw a figure leaning against the brick of the building having a smoke. The wild hair was unforgettable.
he could have said that warranted a
“I’m sorry, dad, but I really can’t,” he replied. His father looked disappointed, but nodded his head in understanding. “I’m safe,” Cas supplied, hoping that helped even a little bit. Bartholomew forced out a tight smile.
Mary swung it open to find a redheaded teenager looking quite impatient.
Cas laughed at the abrupt change in subject, “Dean? Yeah. We’re still together.” Balthazar nodded.
Castiel let Dean at it for a few more seconds before playfully pushing Dean off of him.
Even though he was alone, he still shut his door behind him.
“Thank you so much! I-I know you must think the worst things about me, but, Dean, I in no way wanted this for Castiel. I just, I want to help. In any way I can. I can drop off his stuff. His phone, his jacket, a pair of shoes, anything! I promise I won’t tell Naomi or anyone about it. I feel awful about last night. I should’ve-” she cut herself off. She took a deep breath, “just let me make it up to him,” she pleaded.
“Alright,” she announced from the living room. The rest of them moseyed back to Charlie as she explained the rules of Dean and Gabriel’s head-to-head. “For this one, you have to bounce ten pencils into these ten cups,” she said, handing each participant a handful of pencils. They stared each other down as Charlie counted them off.
“I’m sorry, Cas. I sort of...overreacted,” Dean admitted. Cas nodded and went over to the side of his bed so he could plug his phone in. He neglected to do so last night, so it had died while he was at the diner with Charlie.
“Uhhh, tha-thank you,” he stammered. Naomi acting nice always caught him off guard. She gave a tight smile and nodded once before turning around and leaving Castiel’s room. As soon as the door closed, Castiel lunged at his belongings, quickly turning on his phone. He waited anxiously as it started up. When it finally did reboot, there was an onslaught of messages and notifications, many of them from Dean over the past few days. Castiel’s heart was heavy as he opened his texts from Dean. Many of them asked what Castiel was doing, if he was free that weekend, if Naomi had taken his phone. Once Cas had read all of those, he fired up snapchat. To no one’s surprise, there were quite a few pictures sent from Dean asking the same type of questions as Dean’s texts. Castiel quickly sent a picture of his ‘privileges’ sitting on his desk. He wanted Dean to know he had his phone back.
“What’re ya doin’ down there?” Cas asked huskily, reveling in the feel of Dean’s mouth around him first thing in the morning.
“What does that mean?” Michael asked.
“Cas,” Dean called out, following his boyfriend into the kitchen. Because Castiel wasn’t facing Dean, the cowboy didn’t see him roll his eyes. He received his drink from Ash and quickly headed towards the stairs.
“I didn’t notice anything,” Garth said, digging into his salad. Dean let out a silent sigh of relief. He knew he didn’t leave it high enough to peek out of his collar.
“Sam and I became friends after I moved here. Then, a couple months ago,
yourself?” Dean asked.
“There's not much to say,” Castiel deflected.
and let out a deep breath. He must've fallen asleep with it on his bed. He quickly changed his GPS location to make it look like he was back home.
. Balthazar lived in an upscale apartment with his dad, who was away a lot on business. Plus it was Chicago. Balthazar knew where the parties were, and Castiel liked to party. It was a match made in heaven,” Alfie said bitterly.
"Hello, Dean." He said hoarsely. Dean smiled and leaned back down, covering his boyfriend's mouth with his own. Cas placed his hands on Dean's hips and pulled him on top of himself.
“My friend from Chicago. Balthazar,” he replied.
“Maybe she’s trying to change that,” Bart wagered, “why don’t you come downstairs and have dinner at the table with us.”
“Well, shit,” Anna said, “so much for the cover story.”
Balthazar questioned.
“What? I’m just trying to make this game a little fun,” he defended. Castiel looked at their time and smiled wide.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Castiel asked, a mischievous glint in his eye. A wry smile spread across Dean’s face.
“He was?” Castiel interrupted, unaware that they had been detected by any of their colleagues.
“Are you going to see Cas?”
“I don’t-” Dean took a deep breath, “why’d you stop going to therapy?” Dean asked, surprising the hell out of Castiel.
“And what does that have to do with me? Bartholomew, your children are grown up. They don’t need you around all the time.”
conversation. ‘Hey Naomi, can I go 600 miles away to hang out with that one friend I always got into trouble with?’ ‘Sure honey, go right ahead’,” Balthazar joked.
Anna shook her head furiously. “Absolutely not.”
“Also, I want to apologize about stealing your bedroom,” Castiel made an effort to brush it off, but Anna wasn’t having it. “And don’t give me any bullshit about you not caring, because I know you do. I didn’t know we’d be staying up there, I thought we’d be occupying the room you’re in now.”
“Oh, I bet I could talk you into a few more things,” Dean responded cheekily. Castiel cracked a smile and moved farther up the bed.
“So...no offense, but how’d you end up with Michael?” he asked. She paused to think about it, a happy smile crossing her face. He thought he might recognize that expression, but he couldn’t put his finger on it.
He slipped into doctor mode as he told her, “I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but under HIPAA, I am not allowed to offer you Castiel’s medical record,” at the woman’s scoff, he took a second to compose himself. This was not the first time he’d had to deal with a situation like this. “I can tell you he’s stable, but beyond that, I’m afraid I can’t help you,” he explained.
"Always with the scissors, Dean."
“Hey, kiddo. Naomi told me what happened. I think she might have overreacted just a little bit,” he stated.
Castiel was just tired of Naomi. He was tired of the way she always had to be on top; he was tired of how everything in her precious house had to be spotless. Was she aware that Castiel had his own life? He wasn’t just there to do everything she wanted him to do. She didn’t control him...as much as she’d like to.
“We’re talking about
“We’re headed to church,” she said, electing to leave Castiel’s sarcasm unacknowledged, “are you able to come along?” she inquired. Naomi still asked him if he would be going with her every single Sunday, even after their huge fight. He assumed that she thought he would suddenly ‘come to his senses’ or ‘see the light’ or whatever. Castiel just threw up once more.
“I was scared shitless, Cas. I didn’t kn-know that liking boys was wrong, and the first t-time I ever kiss one, Michael makes me afraid to even
The world had gone silent to Castiel. On the screen, a helicopter was taking footage of the burning house. He could clearly make out the number 17 on one of the fire engines. That was
“Getting drunk,” Castiel replied, “although, it’s gonna take a bit more than this,” he added on, raising his cup slightly.
“Who’s that?” Michael asked. Castiel’s eyes shot up as he shoved his phone back into his pocket.
Dean, the dutiful boyfriend, stayed with Cas throughout his duration at the hospital. He even switched shifts with someone so he could stay with Cas. He’d have to stay at the station for two whole days next shift, but Dean didn’t care.
He walked to the kitchen and found a third note on the fridge.
Cas explained. Dean let out a long breath. So all
“It’ll be a pretty casual game night,” she reiterated. Dean swayed his head this way and that, tugging at Charlie’s heartstrings as he made a decision.
being the one who got violent, what else has she been lying about? She seemed completely fine last night; as if it were just another run-of-the-mill disagreement. Michael knew she had a temper. Hell, he’d been on the receiving end once or twice himself.
“Thanks for the lift man, and really...I appreciate you not telling everyone about me and Cas. We just wanna have a lil more fun. We’ll come clean soon,” Dean assured him. “And, uh...please don’t tell Cas I told you. He’d never let me hear the end of it,” he pleaded. Balthazar assured him that his secret was safe. Dean shook the brit’s hand and climbed out of the car.
“Like you would know,” Castiel retorted without even thinking about it. Dean recoiled, floored by what Castiel had just said.
“Ok, I’ll leave it up to you. But I’m not taking any heat for it,” she warned, turning around and heading back towards the front desk.
,” she supplied, waggling her eyebrows. He rolled his eyes and took another bite. Cas finished chewing before he gave her a reply.
“Good luck beating that time with Dean guessing,” Gabriel taunted.
"Umm...no, I don't think so."
Jo, Dean, and Balthazar stood up, preparing for the game. They decided to have Balthazar be the first one to guess, so Jo fired up the app on her phone and handed it to him. They agreed on the category of ‘animals’ this round.
“I did not need to know that information.” Rufus said. Dean blanched when he realized that’s who he blurted that to.
Castiel’s grip on the steering wheel was making his knuckles white. He was almost
Naomi accepted the plea bargain, they all signed some papers, and that was it. It was an unseasonably warm day and the sun was shining as they exited the courthouse. Castiel smiled and took a deep breath. It was really over. If you would have told him this time last year that Naomi would be out of his life and all he had to suffer was a minor concussion, he would’ve laughed.
"Maybe we should get a room." Dean says. Cas agrees and they head to the office to pay for a night. Dean gets the key and takes Cas to their room. It takes Dean a couple tries to get the key in the lock with Cas attacking his neck, but he manages it and opens the door, quickly dragging Cas inside and slamming him into the closed door. He crashes their mouths together while sliding a thigh between Cas legs and they both moan at the contact. Cas's arms wrap around Dean's neck and Dean starts taking off the black jacket Cas has on. Then he moves to unbutton the blue shirt Cas has on underneath. Dean's hands travel the expanse of skin that has been exposed, mouth following his fingers until he's on his knees in front of Cas, mouthing him through his jeans. Cas moans an throws his head back against the door.
“I know she might be on your case, especially about school, but she’s just looking out for you,” Bart reasoned. “She’s hard on you about your grades because she wants you to get into a good school.”
“I don’t need this Naomi, I know why you stayed up,” Castiel said.
"That’s what I thought when they told me yours." Dean shot back, never missing a beat. There were collective ‘oohs’ and Benny may or may not have given Dean a fist bump.
“He wouldn’t.”
Castiel shook his head. This man.
A look of excitement flashed in Dean’s eyes before it was clouded over with regret.
“Well it does. You can't stray that far from home without telling anyone,” she informed him. Castiel was ten types of confused. He was not expecting to be ambushed the minute he got home. As he thought about what Naomi had said about straying too far, he furrowed his eyebrows and looked to the side before making direct eye contact with Naomi.
They had
“I mean...yeah. It’s more of a dull pain though. I can forget it’s there sometimes,” Cas answered.
“Couple minutes.” He answered distractedly, blatantly staring at the water droplets as they raced down Dean’s chest.
“No,” he answered honestly. Dean looked hurt, but nodded his head. “I still have it,” Cas added. Dean perked up a bit at those words. “I just..couldn’t bring myself to put it on after…” he trailed off. “Yeah,” Dean said. Castiel looked at his shoes and softly kicked at the gravel underfoot. “Castiel,” Dean started again, grabbing his hand and holding onto it. “I can’t make the same mistake. I let you walk out of that hotel door when I should’ve fought tooth and nail for you to stay. I should’ve picked up that phone and called my dad right that second. Hell, I should’ve told him way before that! I was a fucking idiot, and I can’t let you get away again,” he professed.
his friend inquired, pretending to be insulted.
"What are you two bantering about now?" Dani asks as she enters the kitchen.
Cas started bouncing slightly up and down, caught up in everything he was feeling. He could feel noise coming out of his throat, but he didn’t know if they were words or just sounds. He leaned back a little, the hand not stroking the two of them braced on Dean’s leg. He sighed at the new position, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips.
"Benny, he can't walk right, we gotta help him." Dean said. They propped Cas between them and headed for the exit. The flames had grown even larger since they entered.
"What's up little man?" Cas asked with a smile, returning the hug and messing up Aiden's hair.
On Friday morning, Dean rushed into the teacher’s lounge and smacked right into Castiel, knocking all of Cas’ papers to the floor.
"Yep." Cas looked over at Dean, who was currently staring at Cas with nothing but adoration in his eyes. He smiled and slid off of the bed, Dean followed suit and walked around to where Cas was standing. He wrapped his arms around Cas's waist and kissed the back of his neck.
He added another finger ever so slowly, taking care not to rush. This was the first time Dean was bottoming for Castiel, and he’d be damned if this was going to be anything less than fucking mindblowing for Dean. Once Dean had adjusted to two fingers, Castiel started moving them in and out, gently scissoring them to open Dean up a bit more.
“Please, I want to-”
“What do you mean?”
After they were both stripped down to nothing, Dean kissed Cas once more before flipping him over. He trailed kisses down Cas's back, the shorter man moaning and searched for friction with the sheets. Dean's heat above him vanished for a moment before Cas felt a slicked up finger near his hole.
, I made it very clear about that kitchen!” She yelled, reaching the top of the stairs and walking down the hall. She bursted into Cas' room, finding the teenager calmly puttering around on his phone.
“Clothes off,” he instructed, stepping out of his pants and unbuttoning his shirt completely. He took his godforsaken tie that he could
"Thanks for the ride, Dean." Cas said, looking over at the fireman.
, I would’ve been lynched,” Cas said. He heard Dean sigh heavily on the other end of the line.
Gabriel rounded up some glasses and brought them into the living room so they could all take a shot in Dean’s honor. Once everyone had a little of the dark purple liquid in their glass, they clinked them together, proclaiming “cheers,” and “to Dean!”
"Maybe just three minutes." Dean comments. "Run. Now!" Dean grabs Castiel's bicep as he starts booking it towards the trees. Castiel keeps tripping over roots, but Dean is still right beside him. They don't slow down for what feels like a mile. Castiel's lungs are burning when Dean halts him amidst the trees.
“I love you,” Cas whispered. Dean smiled and leaned into the touch.
"How the hell do ya know that?" Benny asked.
“Ok, in this unit, we will be learning about Computing and Data Analysis,” he picked up a book and started reading from it. “You guys will explore how computing has facilitated new methods of managing and interpreting data...” the teacher droned on. He probably said more, but Castiel zoned out. After a few minutes had passed, the teacher walked up to Castiel.
“Would you like to do the honors this time?” Cas asked.
comfortable silence for a few moments. “Are you not into right-winged debates?” he chanced. On the one hand, she
worked on Tuesdays. She swapped shifts with a different teller and-and,” Castiel cursed himself as he felt a tear slip out. “And some fucking assholes decided to rob the place. They didn’t mean to shoot her, but one of the guys got a little too jumpy and as she reached for the panic button, he fired off three bullets. One shattered the glass in front of her and the other two got her in the chest,” Castiel said, voice trembling. Dean gathered Cas into his arms and just held him. “She wasn’t supposed to be there, she wasn’t supposed to die,” Castiel cried into his chest.
"That was amazing." Dean says. He slips out of Cas and gets up to grab a warm washcloth to clean them up. After that is done, he crawls back under the covers and pulls Cas close. It's still raining outside and they're both completely blissed out, glowing in the aftermath.
Dean walked towards the bar, and the closer he got, the more familiar the dark haired man who stole his stool became. Dean walked around to the other end of the bar to get a better look.
He was slightly pacified by the fact they were only staying two nights. They’d be gone Friday morning; then things would slow down for a few weeks before Christmas hit them. And
of us...isn’t willing?” Naomi asked. Bart sighed and shrugged.
“I’m happy for you, Cas,” Dean said, taking on a more serious tone.
“Whiskey,” Dean replied. Balthazar nodded and returned to the kitchen to drop off the gin and grab a couple glasses. He poured a heavy hand into each of their glasses and left the bottle on the table. He decided this was the only glass he would have; he did have a date later that night and he didn’t want to show up already drunk.
Dean’s ears steadily turned pink throughout Charlie’s little teasing session. “Shut up,” Dean denied weakly.
"Hey, sweetheart?" Cas talks quietly to Dani.
“What about you, dad? I don’t...I don’t want to...leave you alone,” Castiel said.
Castiel rolled his eyes as he shifted so he could get his pants all the way off. He chucked them to the side as Dean crawled onto the bed next to him. Cas reached out and thumbed over Dean’s lips. The physics teacher swung a leg over his partner’s to sit in his lap. They made out for another few long, heated minutes.
That was how it was on that particular Sunday.
“Do you still...wear that denim jacket?” he asked timidly, rubbing the back of his neck. It was a tick he obviously never grew out of. Castiel thought of the jacket hanging up in his apartment at this very moment.
Balthazar replied.
“Hey, look, if you need to leave, I understand. Don’t let her make you feel bad because you have a curfew. But, it would be cool if you could stay for a little while longer,” Dean mediated. Castiel almost stayed. Almost.
“I’ll hide the key somewhere else if you’re gonna dwell on that subject,” Dean said as he walked towards Cas, laying him out along the couch and kissing him deeply. He pulled back and looked at Cas.
about his injuries? To protect
Sam rolled his eyes and said to himself, “of course I’m right.”
“Password?” He asked as he sat on the couch. Dean followed him down and planted a sweet kiss to his lips.
"So he just drove off after you gave him the condoms?" She said through fits of laughter.
The five of them kept busy waiting for Dean by writing phrases down on scraps of paper that they would use for this pictionary game. Everyone was wary of allowing Gabriel to come up with some of the prompts, but when they tried to suggest he sit this out, he got pretty riled up (
as they walked through the front door.
“Hey, I’m here, aren’t I?” Dean asked as he threw himself on the couch, legs crossed with his arms behind his head.
He thought about last night. Mostly of Castiel. Dean had thought he was hot in the parking lot but last night he was downright sexy. Dean let his mind wander on Castiel’s mussed up dark hair. His slightly chapped lips. His captivating blue eyes. Dean was hooked. Soon his mind wandered, playing our scenarios with him and Cas. They started off innocent enough, but quickly turned into something a little more R rated.
"Dean? Help, please!" Came a rough voice. Dean found Cas in the hallway, trying to keep out of the smoke. Dean helped him up and Cas limped to the exit with Dean's help.
"That's not the reply I wanted. You know, I'll get awful bored if I'm not kept busy. So bored...I might send a funny story a good friend told me about a hot fireman in a parking lot...."
Castiel chuckled, “I was just thinking that.”
“But before we think about that…” Castiel said, changing the subject by letting his hand wander down Dean’s back and grab hold of his ass. Dean smirked and kissed his boyfriend, reaching for the hand that was assaulting him.
This particular Christmas, however, she was not quite in the holiday spirit. She checked her phone, noting that it was only a quarter past five. Michael usually got up around 6:30.
His head whipped to the closed bathroom door when he heard Naomi storm into his room. The sudden movement had him dashing back towards the toilet. He barely managed to open it before he went another round against his stomach.
“Right,” Castiel said, all of the wind taken out of his sails, “Um...goodnight. Happy birthday. I love you.”
"You too. I’ll meet you in the car, Dean." With that, she was off towards the doors.
“He...I’m just trying to say...are you sure he’s the one you want to be with? For Christ’s sake, he punched me!”
“Harder.” Castiel commanded. Dean gave a devilish smile and obliged Cas. He slammed into him which each thrust, bringing both of them closer to their climax.
“Hello, everyone. My name is Chuck Shurley, and as the principal of Middlefield High, I would like to welcome back our amazing returning faculty and staff, as well as extend a warm welcome to our new faces joining us this year,” the man said, taking a moment for applause. After that, he launched into a slideshow about
“Are you drunk?” A playful voice quipped from the bed.
“There's some muffins on the counter. I know Sam's in a rush to get to school,” Mary offered. Dean thanked his mom and took two muffins for the road.
The women looked at each other worriedly.
One late lunch later, and Castiel was practically a new man. Dean had amazing affects on his mood.
“And you’re drunk,” Dean said crossly. He could smell the booze on Cas' breath. “C’mon, let’s get you home,” Dean said, starting to walk them in the direction of Charlie’s parked car. He’d barely had anything to drink at the party, and he’d left hours ago. Charlie had picked him up from his house before the party, so he didn’t have access to his own car.
"I’ll just be a minute." Dean said.
“Hold still,” Dean instructed, snapping a photo of his boyfriend. It was perfect. The sun was setting in the window behind them, making Castiel’s body more of a silhouette.
“What the fuck is on your socks, bro?” Gabriel asked after noticing Dean’s feet.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean glared at Benny, but he knew his friend’s words were true. These past five years had been the hardest of Dean’s life, and it was all his own fault. He threw himself into his music and made some decent songs, but he’d trade them in a heartbeat to get those years with Cas back.
"I have to pee," he said with a smile, walking towards the bathroom.
“I thought you were going with her,” Castiel said, his heart beating faster as he imagined his entire plan crumbling around him. Was his father not going out of town as well? Cas could’ve sworn his father said something about a trip. Those beads of sweat were threatening to fall any second.
“Aren’t you the CEO of this place?” Dean asked.
"Think about what?" She asked again.
“Oh,” Castiel replied, “fuck,” he added under his breath. Anna took his hands and gave them a gentle squeeze.
“Y-yeah! Anna. She’s my brother’s girlfriend, she could get the insurance card or whatever and...yeah.”
“I think she’s just really uptight,” Charlie supplied. Mary nodded in solemn understanding.
“Do you know how long I’ve waited to hear those words?” Castiel said. Dean smiled like he had finally broken through. “Five. Years,” he said through gritted teeth. Dean’s smile fell, and Cas couldn’t bare to look into his eyes anymore. “I have a boyfriend now. A boyfriend who isn’t ashamed of our relationship. A boyfriend that told his family about us after just months of dating.”
, today is our three month anniversary," Dean said proudly. Cas looked up at him with glinting eyes.
Cas laughed.
“I won’t force it out of you,” Mary said gently, “but I can’t stand it when my boys are upset."
"God, you're two so gross." She teased. Dean huffed a laugh.
Castiel smiled to himself as he snuggled closer to his boyfriend.
“How do you know I was out there anyway?” Castiel asked, getting more irritated by the second.
Soon the apartment filled with wet sounds and dirty moans. Dean pounded into Cas, reminding him who it was he came home to. Castiel was loving this rough hallway session, and reminded himself fleetingly to let Dean catch him flirting more often.
“How much of this do you want done?” Dean asked.
home when I was his age. At least he’s not getting into any trouble. You’re not, are you?” he double-checked with Cas. The boy gave another shake of his head.
Balthazar nodded tentatively and went back to the kitchen; he returned holding a bottle of gin, and one of whiskey. “What’s your poison?”
“I’m telling you, those girls are playing dirty, and I won’t stand for it,” Gabriel declared. Balthazar rolled his eyes as he continued setting up his classroom for the day.
-..  ..-  --  ….
“No, nothing important. What were you saying?” Castiel asked his friend, shifting slightly to get more comfortable.
Instead of returning to kissing, like Castiel had anticipated, Dean sprawled out over Cas and pillowed his head on Cas' chest. He snaked his arms around Castiel and kissed his sternum before lying his head down. Castiel laughed and wrapped his arms around Dean. He shifted his lower body until they were both comfortable and he kissed the top of Dean’s head.
"Ham and cheese?" She asks. Cas nods and puts the sandwiches on a serving plate.
“Castiel?” Naomi’s voice called, muffled through the closed door. Castiel threw up once more, a bit louder this time, almost as if he were signalling to Naomi that he was in the bathroom.
“You’re insane,” Jo whisper-yelled at Charlie as they made their way out of the building and into the parking lot. It was a chilly January afternoon, and if the weather reports were anything to go by, it was only going to get worse.
“And Naomi told me that they got into another argument. Castiel picked up the plate and smashed it. She wasn’t going to be around him if he was smashing things, so she went upstairs. Look, I told you that those two go at it all the time. Castiel just needed some time to cool off. I’m sure he’s fine now, wherever he is,” Michael assured her.
“Why would Cas lie to you?” Dean asked.
“I also,” Castiel said, addressing Charlie, “brought this,” he handed the host the bottle of wine he’d picked up on his way over. Balthazar quickly snatched it before it even reached the host’s hands and inspected the bottle thoroughly.
“Fugitive,” he stated. Castiel wouldn’t admit this to Dean, but the way he said that actually gave him goosebumps. “This one requires the whole neighborhood. And a few cars,” Dean tacked on. Ignoring Cas' puzzled look, he pressed on with his explanation, “The purpose of the game is to get from point A to point B. This is basically a more mature Cops and Robbers. The cops get cars this time. We usually start at the entrance of the neighborhood and try to get to the far corner of Riverside and Lakehurst. I’ll show you a map of Alfie’s neighborhood before tonight so you know what you're getting yourself into,” Dean promised.
he hadn’t, which had Dean in a bad mood not ten seconds after waking up. He grumbled as he pulled himself out of bed and got ready for another day of work.
“Can we please get on with it?” Dean begged. Castiel smirked and pulled the plug out completely. Not bothering to take the panties off, he kept them pushed to the side as he slipped into his boyfriend. They both moaned at the sensation, Castiel pushing all the way in before slowly gyrating his hips, grinding into Dean.
It was too much for Castiel to handle. He told Joseph he needed to use the restroom, and started making his way off of the dance floor. Joseph was too drunk to really comprehend what was happening. The chorus repeated and Castiel could feel eyes on his back as he ducked out of the front door. He fumbled in his pocket for his pack of cigarettes. He lit one and took the first shaky draw. Smoke rushed out of his nostrils and he took a deep breath of the cold air.
Once again Cas leaned down to whisper in Dean’s ear.
“I think you do,” Bartholomew said.
“I heard mom took your car,” Sam teased. Dean nearly jumped out of skin at the sudden voice at his door.
“You want to do something at the meeting?” Dean asked. Castiel shrugged as he gave it more thought.
“Good. Um, I wanted to talk to you before they got here. Castiel...what are you going to say when the doctors ask you what happened?”
Party Time
Two uneventful days later, Dean was finally able to go home. He took a shower and practically dropped on his bed. Though uneventful, the days took a toll on Dean. Between setting up schedules to cover for Benny, dealing with his own bothersome aching muscles, running errands for Rufus, and constantly keeping in touch with Cas, Dean barely got any sleep.
Monday rolled around and Castiel was not prepared. He didn’t know what he was going to say to Dean. Or if he should even say anything at all. And they had first period together.
"No, no, no, no, no,
“My step-mother struck me with a plate,” he disclosed, “and it wasn’t an accident.”
They gathered in the living room where the youngest Winchester and his boyfriend had the game all set up and ready to go. Dean shrugged and thought that this was as good a distraction as any. He still hadn’t heard anything from Castiel. He sent off a quick text before they started just to be sure.
“So what, I drop charges and it’s just ‘see ya’?”
"You are not, and will never be my mother! And I hope to any God that might be out there that you will never
Castiel chuckled at the thought of being scared by a cut-out of William Shakespeare, but the thought was quickly clouded with a burning question:
“Only always.” Dean answered. The real question was
Cas didn’t realize how tired he was until they were under the covers with the lights turned off. Today hadn’t even been a particularly physical day, but man was he beat.
He went through his apps and noticed a few texts from Charlie.
“Oh. My. Gosh!!!” Charlie squealed, “How long have you been dating? What does she look like? Is she funny? Where does she work? Tell me  e v e r y t h i n g !” the redhead demanded. Balthazar shot one last long-suffering look towards Dean as he ushered Charlie out of the room.
“Hey, woah, where ya going?” Dean asked.
There was also an entertainment center and a wet bar downstairs. That was where the majority of the party was being held, the back doors thrown wide open to allow for the flow of traffic onto the patio that overlooked the lake.
"Ok, Aiden, it's bath time and then you need to go to bed," Dean told his son as he cleared the table.
two to one, but usually way more. For a group of, let’s say ten people, there should be two or three cops. The way we’ve always played it is that you have a pretty limited area to play in. We usually use the park. You set up a ‘jail’ and a ‘safe house’. We’ve always used the tennis court as the jail and the merry-go-round as the safe house. Now, this game can be played in many different ways, so I’m just going to explain how we play it since you’ll be playing with us tonight.
He finished putting away all of the foodstuffs before grabbing the last bag that held toiletry items. He walked into their bathroom and noticed Dean was in the shower. He tried to quickly complete his task, but the water shut off and the birthday boy stepped out before Castiel could retreat into safer territory.
“So how old are ya, Dean-o?” Gabriel asked.
Dean opened the door with a wide smile and placed his palm on the door frame. Cas slipped in under Dean’s outstretched arm.
"Oh my god, Dean! What hell are those!" Charlie exclaimed.
“Sorry I’m late,” he apologized. “I got you this,” Dean said, handing Cas his present.
“And I get an early out right after math,” Dean said. Cas punched him in the arm.
"Dean you cannot be suggesting what I think you are. You just gt home from the hospital!" Cas said.
“Alright, who’s next?” Charlie asked.
Cas staggered off the back patio and towards where Dean was standing in the snow. Dean could see blood trickling down Cas' face as his boyfriend got closer. Dean damned anyone who might see him and rushed to Cas' side.
“I can’t believe this,” Castiel threw up his hands and let them fall noisily at his sides, “you’re saying that I have to act as your
“He-he um, first, he yelled at m-me,” Alfie stuttered, “He t-told me I was going to h-hell, and then he threatened me. He s-said he was gonna t-tell my parents that I l-liked boys. He even said he’d t-teach me right from wrong if-if I ever talked to you again,” Alfie said.
"Hey, wait where-" Dean asked in confusion as Cas slid off the couch.
"Oh, Cassie, but I would." Balthazar smirked, knowing he had just won the feud.
John: Are you gonna bring one of these girls home for the holidays?
It was July 31st, and as a family tradition, the Winchesters gathered in the living room to watch the Harry Potter series. All eight movies in one sitting. Around 20 hours of nonstop magic. Mary usually didn’t fit all the movies in, but the boys normally made it through a majority of them without falling asleep or getting distracted. Dean had invited Cas and Sam had invited Alfie.
“Thought I might be able to find you down here,” Bartholomew said. Castiel chewed on his tongue. Did Naomi send him down here to scold him as well? “I heard you and Naomi got into another bit of a scuffle,” he said as gently as possible. Castiel swung his legs off the couch and sat up straight.
“Ok, since we’re all here now, we can discuss what we’re doing tonight,” Charlie announced. “I thought it would be fun if we did some of those minute-to-win-it games.”
Castiel looked at the phone and realized Balthazar had hung up on him. He handed the phone back to the stranger and went to sit on one of the steps leading up to the back porch. He decided to lean his head on the railing and shut his eyes for a few minutes. It turned out to be a bit longer than a few minutes.
and b) when I do post that hs au, it will have a consistent posting rate (if you can believe me)
Dean bowed his head and groaned.
“Did you really come twice?” Castiel asked, dragging the cloth lower to run it between Dean’s cheeks. Dean nodded, humming the affirmative. “Fuck, babe. Maybe we should use the belt more often.” Dean huffed a laugh as Castiel threw the washcloth in the hamper, going to turn off the lights before crawling into bed for the night. Cas basically had to manhandle Dean under the covers, but once he did, the man rolled onto his side and cuddled up to Cas.
“Me? Man? Sexy?” Dean shook his head, pointed to the other stick figure, then pointed to himself.
“I’ve spent the last week of my life doing this useless paperwork for nothing,” Castiel spat out. He took a step closer to the older man. “You kept me working far past office hours all for what? Tell me, Zach, exactly why I dropped any form of a social life just to get this shit done!” He took another menacing step forward. He lowered his voice and spoke softy. “Explain to me why this pile of crap caused a rift in my personal affairs.” He finished, pointing to the stack of paperwork on his desk.
“If only,” he said, finally examining what was inside his cup. He made a face, but kept holding it so his hands could warm up. “Got anything a little stronger?”
Castiel poured milk over his Cinnamon Toast Crunch and returned the jug to the fridge, trying desperately to think of an excuse.
“Is he ok?” Sam asked, concern evident on his face. Dean sighed.
“That’s Ash,” Castiel said, kissing Dean chastely once more before leaving the room excitedly to show Ash where to set up, the reality that this party was actually happening setting in.
!” Balthazar grimaced, genuinely sorry for his actions. In retrospect, he really hadn’t done anything wrong; the two insisted they were single, so he thought Castiel was fair game.
"You're so tight Cas. Feel so good wrapped around me." Dean says. He changes his angle slightly, causing him to slam into Cas's prostate which each thrust.
“I don’t want to displace anyone, Mary,” Cas tried to reason. She just waved him off.
Neither of them were familiar with Middlefield’s “code of conduct” regarding personal relationships. They also didn’t want to jeopardize either of their jobs. It had taken many applications, interviews, and rejection emails for them to get here.
“Mary, I’ll have to call CPS if you-”
“Are you gonna have to miss school for this?” she asked. Castiel just shrugged.
"Aww, my poor baby." Cas pulled Dean into his arms and laid back on the bed. He kissed Dean's forehead and hugged him closer to his side.
!" Dean replied.
"Walk much or just read about it?" Dean called after him. Cas flipped him the bird before closing the door.
“Look, I’m not saying you can’t be friends, I’m not your mom,” Dean said, immediately regretting his words as he watched Cas' face fall. “Ok, yeah, poor choice of words,” Dean tried to amend.
“Would you like the reasons alphabetically or chronologically? Number one: my dad would kill me. Number two: I’m only sixteen, I literally could not get ANY tattoo. Number three: unlike you, I don't have the desire to tell the whole world to kiss my ass. And number four: my dad would
to Naomi,” she concluded. Castiel nodded as he wiped at his wet eyes. He was frustrated with himself. He felt like a baby with the way he'd been crying so often lately.
“Ask your wife,” Castiel said bitterly, moving towards his bedroom. His father shot out a hand and stopped him before he could.
