Barnes’ eyes burned into his skull. “Will you quit it?” he hissed, grabbing at Tony’s arm harshly. “This whole lone gunslinger act. Because let me tell you, it’s not working. I know you care. If not for us, but for him. I know you care for Steve.”
Steve sighed, placing his hands on his hips as he looked to where Bucky had slinked off to, and then to the sky to try and catch of the suit he knew was already long gone. All of them were prone to go off alone and sulk after a fight, licking their wounds in private, but he couldn’t let this one rest, Bucky’s scathing remarks be damned. He thinks he’ll never learn to quit. Besides, this was too important to let it lie. Sure, he’ll probably just end up screwing up their relationship with Tony, but if something was actually wrong with their boyfriend and he just ignored it? Steve would never forgive himself. With a destructive plan in mind, Steve made a sharp left away from the bakery, and headed back to Manhattan, one step at a time. Even he wasn’t crazy enough to risk a cab – after all, he needed time to figure out what the hell he was gonna say. He knew Tony needed that time as well.
“But that’s not possible,” Bruce murmured, looking back down at Tony. “The bullet has to be behind some bone.”
“I know!” Tony agreed. “It was like I was the Energizer Bunny on crack! That surpassed even my college days, when Rhodey and I were hopped up on Red Bull and Ramen. But what really got me worried was not that I could stay here longer, was that even with my losing more days, I wasn’t getting anything done.”
Still no response. Bucky was the first to stand up, stalking away, making a pit stop at the bar to snag a full bottle of whiskey. Natasha followed right after him, trailed by Clint. The rest of them left, one by one, until Tony was alone. He trusted them not to make a run for it; he knew that they understood that this was their only choice, but he knew that they needed to grieve in their own ways.
“Leave. I’ll take care of it.” The squirrelly man dipped out of Pierce’s office, no doubt relieved that he survived being the bringer of bad news. Unknowingly, the man had actually brought the best news he’s heard all day. Assuming that everything had gone according to plan.
Tony had thought The Captain was screaming at him in the streets for the Hammer situation, while Tony tried to plead with the man as to why he was hiding from going out in public. Who knew that they were shouting about two completely different things? Tony sure didn’t.
“And then I was thinking,” Fury interrupted. “What would you be doing with Tony Stark if you knew he was working with a mob? And then? It hit me. See, you’ve been covering your tracks for a long time, Coulson, but you slipped up.” Fury stomped over to him, his finger slapping down on his personal information form. “Louis Ronin.”
They all argued what to do with the money. The excitement of the donation had everyone on a high, but it was just a sliver of a much larger picture. Should it go towards their loans? Should it be set aside and saved for better equipment?
Steve nodded. “Thought you might be hungry. Fair warning, though; I’ve never made a hamburger myself, before. Although, I’m pretty sure it’s just a flat meatball, so I think I’ll be able to figure it out.”
Yinsen’s voice sounded in his ear and Tony hit the deck, ducking right as a grenade launched right by his head. He could feel debris pierce his skin, but Tony barely had time to react before he snapped straight back up, facing Raza.
Tony wanted to slam his head against the steering wheel. He knew it was only a matter of time before he found himself turning into his father, hell bent on destroying his child’s dreams. “Right now, the world just wants us to fit in,” Tony tried to placate. “And to fit in, we just gotta be like everybody else.”
But it was real. The wall was covered in blood. His blood. It might was well have been on Steve’s hands. This was all his fault.
Tasha go get Steve.” Hands grabbed at his shoulders, one warm, one cool. “Stark, Tony, are you okay? Are you hurt? Should I go get Bruce?”
Steve returned with a small smile of his own. “By all means,” he said, gesturing to the blubbering mess tied to the chair in front of them.
was not only regarding Extremis. There was so much to talk about, so much that they had missed, but Steve wasn’t going to touch it. Not now. Tony wasn’t the only one keyed up, wounds raw and open. There was so much to be said and done, but they were in the eye of the hurricane now. The worst seemed to be behind them, and all that was left could be battled together. Steve gathered Tony closer and closed his eyes, feeling Bucky reflect his motions.
That's not the man he knows. Steve may have thought that once, may have believed the rumors, but he knew the truth now. He
Steve would be lying if he said he hadn’t seen any worse wounds, but that did nothing to quell the tight fear and crushing guilt that sat in his chest. Stark had been lucky, that's for damn sure. By pushing Steve to the side, the bullet had just managed to clip him on his left arm; just a simple through-and-through. But it still landed Stark with a lot less blood then Steve would’ve liked; a sickly sheen of sweat covered the smaller man, his eyes getting more unfocused by the minute.
“Coming from a criminal, that doesn’t mean much. Stark deserves what’s coming for him. We’re not helping.”
Tony scanned through the crowd again, towards the back, until his eyes landed on Steve. If Tony didn't know he was already there, he wouldn't have even seen the blonde. Standing in the shadows, hiding from the crowd. It was for his own safety - Tony wasn't sure how many people would recognize him as Joseph Grant.
"That could have been anyone," Tony babbled, mostly to comfort himself.  "A lot of people would like to see me dead."
Natasha spun around, but Clint wasn’t met with anger. Just a curious stare, which of course pissed him off further. Natasha cocked her head to the side. “You’re upset; you should go see Phil.”
He discreetly adjusted his pants, hoping Bucky hadn’t caught him. He eyed the sheets again. Looks like he finally found a winner.
Clint nodded, and then the other man was gone, tearing down the steps. It wasn’t long before Steve was racing up to Clint, panting, obviously caught mid workout. “You know where he is?” Clint could hear the slight wobble in his voice.
They always pegged it off on Thor’s misunderstanding of the mortal world. That sometimes he couldn’t keep up with all the lingo. That he was ok with the team demoralizing his brother. That he didn’t understand the jokes being tossed around.
“We won’t be gone long,” Steve placated. “Just a few hours to check on the files and put my mind at ease. I’ll be back soon. Okay?”
Tony huffed out a deep sigh, hand running through his already unruly hair. “Thanks a lot, Rogers. Now, I’m going to be thinking about that the entire meeting.”
Sure Thor was boisterous, always damaging different sections of the tower, giving Steve a daily headache. But Thor was his rock, someone who was just as lost in this new world as Steve was, always offering the best advice, or staying up with Steve in the late hours of the night trading old war memories.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Steve gasped, hands trailing over every inch of Tony’s skin that he could. Tony answered by kicking off his pants and jumping on Steve, jamming their mouths together. Steve groaned, letting Tony take and take with each messy kiss.
Tony smiled like the Cheshire Cat, clamoring out of the bed. “Home already? Wow, what a short flight.”
Tony bit his lip. “I mean, there’s nothing stopping us from doing some of those things. And you said it yourself, how would I know if I wouldn’t like it if I’ve never done it before?”
“Alright, listen. We both know how this is gonna go down. I can’t let you walk away from this diner alive. This is my life now, I earned it. You’ve had yours already; you should do what old men do, and die,” sneered Steve.
Phil had answered. Clint had been furious, desperate to take action, but he knew that he couldn't. It was the type of man that Phil was. Clint knew it - it was part of the reason he fell in love with him. And while Clint had kept his mouth shut for every other job that Phil worked, he knew that they weren't just playing cops and robbers anymore. What HYDRA had managed to accomplish in a few months was devastatingly immeasurable. If Phil was to become another check mark on HYDRA's to do list, Clint wasn't sure what he would do with himself.
“It’s not that, Buck! Maybe I’m just pissed that you leaving is giving HYDRA plenty of opportunities to finish the job! I almost lost you once, Bucky. I can’t take that risk again, on any of you.”
Tony smiled. “When I was younger, guys used to hit on me by floating quarters. I never told them I was TK, I would just hold their quarters down. A guy even burst a blood vessel, he was trying so hard.” Tony felt Steve laugh, the gentle huffs tickling his hair.
Tony had been in a lot of awkward situations before. Most of them, of course, were along the lines of Pepper finding him in bed with his latest conquest, ranging from potential business partners to the waitress who served him his coffee. There was that one time when Tony was younger, that Howard had found his internet history before Tony was smart enough to cover his tracks completely. That’s not even getting started on the time Jarvis had walked in Tony trying to clean up a failed experiment that had cost the man most of his clothes and covered the lab with thick goo. Needless to say, when it came to awkward encounters, Tony Stark was your man.
“Right,” Bucky drawled. “No more risk than an illegal road trip with your criminal mastermind of a boyfriend.”
Phil’s lips tugged into a smile. “It's hard. I mean, I know what you guys do. I hear it when the reports come through the precinct. It’s tough not knowing when I wake up every morning if that will be the last one I have with him. Sometimes I just want to lock him in the house, but that man is just too damn stubborn. I just have to trust that he knows what he’s doing.”
crooked and barely hanging on to where it was nailed to the door. Steve reached in his pocket for his key and unlocked the door, the
Bucky nodded, clapping a hand on Steve’s shoulder for comfort before heading down one sewer way, the pair disappearing into the dark, the slapping sound as their feet hitting the water slipping further away.
“Now you’re talking.” Tony snapped his faceplate shut, blasting off the ground and crashing through the second floor window.
The taller man just sighed in response, his expression falling into a familiar one of fond exasperation, one that he usually wore when dealing with Tony.
"Buck, don't be like this," Steve replied, putting a hand in front of Bucky's chest to stop him from retreating. "I know what you're doing. I can't imagine how hard it was for you, but you did the right thing. You protected Clint. You protected the family."
Natasha scoffed. “It is hard. Waking up every day in this podunk town to make shit pay is hard. Walking down the streets and smelling nothing but soybeans and not-so-subtle racism is hard. Buying clothes at the same store you buy tobacco, guns, and gas is hard. But it’s not a problem, when it’s hard,” she said. “The problem is when it’s easy. The problem is when I wake up knowing all of these things and be okay with it. That’s the problem.”
“No, Tony. I’ll be fine once I know that everyone’s safe. Come on,” he continued, looking to the rest of the team. “Grab everything you can; we’ll come back for the rest later.”
“Yep, with a few minor upgrades. They run on their own now,” Tony explained. “They don’t need to be connected to a direct source like the reactor.”
But Tony stepped in front of Steve. “Like hell you will. You will not lay a single fucking finger on him. I won’t let you take him.”
Steve had a move to grace after his friend when a woman’s shrill scream caught his attention. Drawn like a mouth to a flame, Steve raced to the edge of the building, looking down at the large crowd that formed below.
Steve’s answering smile was blinding, and Tony didn’t even have a chance to reciprocate before the blonde was atop him again.
Steve frowned, tugging a plug to bend inward when he saw it sticking up from the wrapped wires. Maybe Clint had a point.
As I add more chapters, I will be spending some time revisiting the old ones. This fic is in need of some major TLC. No major plots points will change - just some minor tweaks and edits to smooth out the story. I mean, come on, it's 2018. It's about time I use some proper grammar.
Christine laughed. “You know, I almost bought it. That bullshit speech you gave about ending weapons manufacturing? I should have known it wasn’t real.”
Steve’s hand drifted to Tony’s hair, drawn to it like a cat to yarn, twisting the curly locks between his fingers. He hadn’t realized how long it had gotten, but he liked it; long, unkempt tresses just begging to be pulled.
Maybe that was the plan all along. HYDRA just lighting a single match and then sitting back, watching as The Commandos tear each other apart with grief and anger.
“Steve, you’re losing it,” Sam snapped. “Look over there and tell me what you see,” he continued, pointing at the mess over on the wall.
Steve huffed, ignoring him. “We have to talk about these attacks,” he said, sliding in to one of the chairs.
Steve wasted no time before pushing a finger into Tony’s hole. Tony arched into him like a cat, gasping for air. Steve started to push in farther, distracting Tony with lingering kisses. Feeling Tony loosen beneath him, Steve added another finger, swallowing Tony’s whimpers.
groaned and shook as they approached. Panicked visions of Tony caught in the debris, and suffocating underneath raced through Steve’s mind as he charged through the open doorway without so much as a second thought. The sight that he was met with, however, was nothing that he could have ever imagined.
Steve sighed, looking to the sky. “Look. I’m not a threat to you. I need to be on your property. I won’t bug you; I’ll stay out in the woods. I just need you to do one thing. Just look at this, and then you’ll never have to deal with me again.” Steve handed Tony the map he took. “Just verify that this is your mansion on the map.”
“Right, sorry. Clint’s told me what’s been going on the past few days- which I've elected to ignore,” he cut in when Steve shot a hardened gaze at Clint. “It’s just, you told me to keep an eye out. For anything HYDRA related.”
long time ago. Stark didn’t give shit about his company. I helped Stane set up his back deals in the Middle East; I was just another soldier, I blended in easily.”
Going back behind his desk, he grabbed his phone, keys, as well as his handgun. He left a note with the secretary to tell Obie he was leaving even though the man was already aware that Tony would be hunkering down for a few days. If he had other plans, well, it was nobody's business. He hopped into his personal elevator, heading straight to the garage.
The team thought he was visiting an old war buddy, but they didn’t know. Steve couldn’t find it in himself to tell them. That their friend, their leader, was a monster. A man who had destroyed German lives and didn’t think twice about it.
He could feel it gnawing in his gut, growing with each intake of air. How could he not be angry? Each day peeled back a new layer, revealing a new dilemma, throwing another player in the ring.
“Steve,” Tony sighed, wanting to push more, but let it slide. Trying to get Steve to accept forgiveness was like talking to a brick wall.
Steve thought. He and Bucky had tried to be careful when they started to date Tony – not just because of Tony’s apparent discomfort with commitment, but also because of the delicacy it took to date multiple people at once. Steve and Bucky had years – lifetimes, really – with just them. Adding Tony to their world felt like a completion to them, but they knew that the reason Tony never did anything about his attraction was because he was worried that he would be a fling, or that he would never measure up to Steve and Bucky’s love. Upon Tony’s entrance to the relationship, both Steve and Bucky had made a promise to each other that they’d never let Tony feel like the odd man out. Was that what this was? Was Tony feeling sidelined by his own boyfriends?
Clint nodded tersely. He should have known that the rest of the team would have been rearing to go as well. Despite their extremely shaky start, the team was now closer than most families, probably teetering on the path of codependency. If one of them fell, they all did.  “Then we better find this guy fast before things get out of hand.”
“Mm,” Tony hummed. “And they’re all exactly right where I want to go camping. Weird how that happens, right?”
And then Bucky was laughing, sporadic chuckles that left him wheezing as tears slipped down his face. How could he not have seen?
Silence encased the group, unknowing what to say, before Steve spun on his heels, eyes ablaze as he glared at Clint. “You said this was good information,” he hissed, stabbing a finger onto Clint’s chest.
“Jesus,” Natasha groaned, hand already coming up to cover her nose. “You really couldn’t pick a better location for this place?”
Tony groaned again. “Yea, yea I’m fine. A lot on the mind, that’s all.” With that, Tony hopped out of the car. When greeted with the elevator inside Stark Industries, Tony paused.
Tony barely had time to think before he entered the fray himself, pulling a man off Steve's back onto the ground. Of course, it was no time before he felt himself being overpowered. He hadn't had his gun, and Tony was in no shape for dealing with a small army.
“Alright, that’s enough,” Fury sighed, sensing a fight coming. “We’ll meet on this again next week. Get some rest; you deserve it.”
It shouldn’t be there. They shouldn’t have this. Tony knew The Captain was close to his crew, but this just screamed family bond. Why did they get to have this? How? Tony had files compiled on most of The Commandos. They’re all so different; each thinking, each moving in their own unique way. They shouldn’t work. They shouldn’t be
He could feel the heat of Tony’s gaze upon him. “Okay, so is that like a sign that I should go and call my pilot? Because I’m kinda getting one of those murder vibes you guys give off, and hey listen, buddy, I’m totally with you, just let me, you know what, maybe I should- ”
Steve woke to the sound of rustling. His body was pushed slightly from side to side as a hand tucked a blanket tight around his chest. He groaned; well, at least he tried too. The wheeze that broke from his throat sounding more like a rusty car engine trying to start.
It was like seeing armor crack that Tony forgot he was wearing. He’d been starting to see glimpses, more and more every day, of the man that he’d heard whispers about from the team. A softer side, hidden behind a hardened shell, only opening up for those who deserved it.
But it hadn’t happened. Steve had given each of them so much. A new job, a new house, a new life. And when he needed them? They ran.
At some point yesterday, Steve exited his office to slip in a few hours in the gym. The sight that he was met with, however, was one that Steve would remember forever. Tony was passed out in front of his computers, the blueish tint playing out over his tanned skin. Ever since Tony had been bunking at their base, he had forgone his usual suits for old t-shirts and track pants, all with an almost constant state of bedhead, somehow making him look even more appealing. The smaller man was hunched over the desk in an almost impossible position, deep and even breaths a comfort to Steve’s ears. Steve had never seen Tony so relaxed, his face loose, calm, and wrinkle free. Steve was also pleased to see outlines of defined muscles that were usually hidden under the man’s suits, even eyeing a patch of skin than shown in the computer light from where Tony’s shirt had ridden up. The best part, however, was seeing Tony’s face smashed against the papers he was working with, drool dripping down onto them slowly. Steve couldn’t resist getting his sketch book right then and there.
People always said your life was supposed to flash before your eyes. Your good memories, your bad ones. When Steve was in the ice, he never got that chance. There was no last minute burst from his adrenaline filled mind; the ice just slowly lulled him to sleep. But staring down the gun, Steve only saw one thing.
When Tony finally got a good look at Steve, he almost stumbled back in surprise. His hands were covered in blood, chest heaving, and tears were leaving hot trails down his cheeks.
He tried to shove past the two men, intent on grabbing the first gun that he saw, but Steve stopped him. “Tony, wait- ”
That had been two days ago. And still nothing. Steve was driving himself crazy thinking that something might go wrong, The team kept in contact, of course, but it did little to soothe Steve's nerves. Loki was dangerous. He still doesn't know how Tony had managed to talk him down from chasing after them as they left.
Steve felt himself relax minutely. A computer running the house? Steve was not meant for this century. This tower. This life.
Steve shut his eyes, waiting. The sound of the gun firing pierced his ears, splitting right through the wind. Steve’s body automatically flinched, the man waiting for the void to take him.
Steve let out a small sigh. Natasha must still be pushing for him to get a date. Still, he was Captain America. He put on a professional smile, and shook her hand. “A pleasure, ma’am.”
Lying on the ground, Tony had gotten a view that belonged on every postcard. A sweaty Steve Rogers reaching his hand down, the sun shining behind him, making the man almost glow.
Hammer tried to catch his breath, collapsing in the chair across Pierce’s desk. “I’ve got news. My people caught wind of some Stark weapons that missed its shipment. And I know where they are.” The man grinned wildly, obviously proud of his work.
But with Stark, it was... different. The first blossoms of their relationship were known to everyone by now; if they hadn't seen Steve and Stark getting hot and heavy at the warehouse fight, they were definitely filled in by the gossip of those who had. Clint would be lying if he said he saw this coming. He wasn't sure anyone would have - well, except maybe Natasha. He's pretty convinced she knew before Steve and Tony did.
He tried to push forward, but he barely made it an inch before pain sliced through his body, causing him to freeze.
Tony snorted. “Barnes, if I could pull this off in the shit-storm that is the New York sewer system, I think I can handle it in it a state of the art lab.”
The archer nodded automatically, putting down his gun to give Steve his full attention. “Not here,” Steve continued. “Let’s go up to my office, alright?”
“Tony,” Pepper said gently. “You can’t do this to yourself. Go take a day off and rest; we’ll hold down the fort.”
Steve looked away, his chest constricting painfully. Tony was right; he had no room to criticize the man for keeping in touch with some of his own people. Hell, Steve did that with Thor. At least Tony had the decency to keep them at arm’s length; a decency that Steve never afforded him. A part of Steve just wanted to run to Tony and spill everything; after all the man had done for The Commandos, Steve owed him at least that courtesy. Tony had proved himself enough.
It happened more often than not. Clint’s ears just aren’t always reliable. He had been blessed with some of the best eyes the world had ever seen. Of course, his other senses had to pay the price for that. His hearing was mediocre at best, and the beatings he got in the circus didn’t do him any favors.
A brilliant star gone supernova, until there’s nothing left but the empty and unforgiving void of space.
“Okay, new plan,” Tony answered, mind already moving a mile a minute. “See over there?” he asked with a point. Barton nodded. “It’s my other repulsor. I’ll distract him, and I need you to go over there are get it. It’s already armed, so you just need to put it on.”
He knew something was missing before he even opened his eyes. The void next to him – which was becoming more and more common with each passing day – confirmed that Tony was gone, up and off to other things. Steve cracked his eyes open to glare at the bare space in front of him. On the other edge of the bed lay Bucky, still heavy with sleep, but with an arm stretched out into the opening, reaching for a man that was no longer there.
Bucky spun around quickly, finger pointing accusingly at Steve. “Of course I’m fucking mad!” he shouted. “You always do this, Steve.”
Lucky barked, as if in greeting, and Steve let out an excitable noise of his own, fawning over him. “Awh, such a smart dog, yes, you are!”
When no one responded, Steve took a step forward. “Of course, Mr. Stark. Thank you again for your hospitality.”
“I’d let you convince me to buy a rundown car, just on the off chance it’d break down so you can fix it. I’d take you out west; speed down country roads and let you listen to that crap you call music," Steve laughed. "I’d complain when even with all your PhD’s, you still manage to get us lost, even though I wouldn’t really mind being lost with you. I’d lay under the stars with you, letting you choose the direction we went in the next day, because it would never really matter, because I would be happy as long as we’re together.”
Fury nodded. “I’m working a case. I’m sure you’re familiar with it; the media certainly loves making a spectacle,” Fury growled. “What are they calling it now?
“If you kill him now, you won’t get all of his information," Tony pushed back. "Look at him! That man over there is not gonna squeal when you start throwing punches; he’ll just bring it to the grave. Throw in some threats, rough him up a little bit, and I’ll do the rest. Let him go and I’ll have every government organization on him from the CIA to the National Park Conservation Association. He won’t last a day out there, and he’ll have no choice but to come crawling back to me. He’ll spill everything he knows, and I’ll make everything go away with a snap of my fingers. And
Nat shook her head. “I haven’t heard anything from my sources. Maybe they haven’t reached a deal yet.”
So, no. Tony wasn't dead; he was an asset - which type of asset remains to be seen. They weren't even able to narrow down to a type of gang that would benefit from using Tony because
Being a Looper in New York was dangerous. While the ones in the Midwest had the benefit of quiet cornfields to complete their mission, Loopers here only had the option of doing it behind rundown buildings. A gunshot can raise suspicion. And in his line of work, you can’t just let people go around asking questions.
“Well, we can’t exactly leave,” argued Tony. “If The Commandos disappear, how long before Pierce and the rest of HYDRA run rampant through the rest of New York. We’re the only thing standing in their way. It doesn’t matter if we’re in over our head; we don’t exactly have a choice anymore.”
Steve shook his head. “Not them. They didn’t deserve that luxury,” he answered coldly, staring at the limp bodies before looking at Clint. “Pack up. We need to move again.”
“Because they were there with something better,” Hill concluded, gesturing back over to the bloody mess of a wall.
Thor gave a forceful nod, walking over to a table placed on the far wall. When Thor sidled on back over, Steve chuckled when he saw Thor wielding an industrial hammer. “It’s my favorite,” Thor answered with a laugh of his own.
“Was bleeding out and focused on the man who was once your best friend but is now a HYDRA assassin?” Hill finished for him.
There wasn’t an excuse for that hole. Because it wasn’t supposed to be there. But it was, because Steve had been .81 seconds too late.
Tony frowned, sitting up to face Steve. “It’s not that I didn’t trust you guys,” he sighed, looking down at his hands in his lap. “It’s just, things we’re going so well,” he smiled. “I didn’t want to ruin anything.”
He ran over to Yinsen, dropping down onto the floor loudly next to him. What Tony had assumed as the man ducking for cover, was a man curling around his wounds. Blood soaked through the ragged shirt that Tony had laughed at every day as the man had attempted to keep it clean.
Thor had lost count of how many HYDRA bases they had raided, their battle still unfinished without the location of Loki’s scepter.
“Exactly,” Pierce grinned. “But someone did know. Someone, besides the kidnappers, knew that Tony Stark had been taken.”
“Well, if he knows we’re on his trail, he’ll be on the run. He’s ditched all his tech that we can track him too, but he’s smart. I have no doubt that he’s gotten his hand on new ones. But, if I know anything about criminals, is that they can’t sit still. Living off the grid is hard to do, but for someone who’s lived on the grid for his entire life, it’s damn near impossible.”
Barnes sighed, rubbing a hand over his tired face and walked over to one of the benches as he began to unwrap the tape from his hands.
But Bucky didn’t hear him finish as he found himself staring down at his left arm. Or where his left arm should have been.
Steve had been pretty happy with the calm, a nice reprieve from all of the hectic events that had happened. But it had been two weeks. Two weeks and just,
Steve shook his head. “You’re a fucking idiot, coming here. You can’t be here. I’ll give you some money, that’s it- ”
Fury narrowed his eyes, obviously displeased that he couldn’t see the ace that they were holding. “Fine,” he agreed. “I get you to confirm the SSR files for me, you get Coulson. That is,” he continued, “only if we manage to bag Pierce. I have more than enough testimonies against the man, but I need evidence. The man knows how to cover his tracks. The only thing I have him cornered on is suspicion of domestic violence. His live-in housekeeper was very specific,” Fury stated. “It would be enough to keep him behind bars to search his house and personal affects, but I need back-up in case his stuff comes back clean. If I can prove that he altered the files for his own benefit, we’ll be golden.”
Tony paused, eyeing the entry way from behind the kitchen island. No one else should know about this property. No one besides
“Yeah,” Steve laughed. “Surrounding mobs would ask them for intel, and the SSR would get paid in return. They grew and gained rapport – they ended up being the middle man between the different mafias. The third party that everyone could agree to deal with, because they never infringed on any other part of their business. They didn’t run guns, or make liquor – they sold secrets. Any everyone was always in the business for that.
“Then it wasn’t your fault," the archer responded decidedly. As if he was saying to convince both him and Tony. "You didn’t kill Phil.”
In front of them, looking nothing more than like a horrific Jackson Pollock, was a wall splattered with blood, the deep red staining the paint.
Steve would have been lying if he hadn’t let out a sharp intake of breath. Warm light flooded the room, showing it to be much larger than expected. Dark wood floors covered the ground, peeking out between worn rugs. The walls, colored surprisingly light, were tastefully decorated with sparse and simple paintings and black and white photos. Off to the right, a huge bar sprawled, the large alcohol bottles sitting behind twinkling in the light. The left wing of the room housed plush armchairs and large couches, facing a darkened flatscreen that hung on the wall. But in the middle of the room, encompassed down on depressed flooring, sat a huge, ornate table with probably enough seating for an entire football team.
spiel. Tony wondered what it would be like to be a law-abiding citizen. To put so much blatant trust in the government, in the system. To be so oblivious to agendas, hidden beneath pompous propaganda and plastic smiles. To think everything was black and white.
“Well,” the man answered, “you’ve definitely seen better days. Don’t worry; the bruises will fade. You managed to avoid breaking any more bones, so you’ve got that going for you.”
Clint shoved Bucky against the wall, finally managing to cast a glance over to the precinct. “Phil?” he whimpered. Why was Phil on the ground? Why was Phil not moving? Why was he not over here with Clint?
Steve, Tony, and Clint had taken the quinjet base to base with Natasha and their new quest. Nat had barely talked, but considering how mad she was at Clint, it was completely understandable. Hell, Steve was absolutely furious at Clint. He was gone for a month and then he just shows up out of the blue like nothing happened? Steve was going to have words with him. Many words.
Tony shook his head. They weren’t getting it. “He sold to the Ten Rings. That’s how they had all those weapons when I was kidnapped.”
“But Clint will go mental if we let him back into the firefight,” Steve finished, deflating slightly as he rubbed a hand across his temple. “Let’s wait until Phil gets here. Until then, there are things we can do. Thor, try and get anything else out of your brother. I highly doubt it, but who knows, he might be more willing to talk now that we’ve got leverage now. Nat and Sam, we need inventory on what we’ve got, what we need. That goes the same for you, Bruce. I have a feeling that we’re gonna need some more medical supplies.”
Steve huffed as he got out from under him. “Well, hopefully with proper counseling, you’ll come to forgive me.”
bad. Now do as I say before I change my mind and I choke the life right out of you. Do you understand?”
“Steve,” Tony sighed, not moving an inch. “It’s not,” he broke off, placing his hands on his hips. “You had JARVIS keep tabs on my health?” he asked.
Steve was pounding into Tony in earnest now, trying to pull him impossibly closer. With one particularly hard thrust, Tony came, painting both men’s chests. Steve felt Tony clench around him, sending Steve spiraling over the edge as well.
"Well, then," Obie's voice cut through the chatter of the room, other conversations halting immediately. Obie always had that sort of power; one simple word and the room would go quiet, waiting with bated breath to see what he would say next. A true American businessman. "I guess we should get started."
Pepper waited in the elevator, before getting out on Tony’s floor. Looking down at the package, Pepper beamed. Bruce was still MIA after Ultron, the fact that he was reaching back out meant great things. She reached for her phone to call Tony with the good news.
“Then why did you leave him to die?” Clint’s voice cracked, new tears finally spilling over his cheeks. Clint seemed to sense another breakdown doming so he pointed at the door. “Get out. We’re done here.”
“Smart move,” Tony replied, smiling into his glass. Another silence fell over the two men. Tony sighed. “Alright, Barnes. You have my attention. Why are you really here?”
The Skull laughed again, aiming his gun at Steve. “Pathetic,” he sneered. “No. I won’t spare your crew, I won’t spare Mr. Stark. I won’t spare anyone who has ever muttered your name or seen your face. But don’t worry. I’ll make sure to tell each and every one of them that it was your fault, so when they take their last breaths, they’ll know you failed them.”
Steve thought. He looked back at Tony, the man still seemingly getting his bearings from being woken up. Steve was unable to hold back a chuckle, brushing some of Tony’s hair out of his eyes. “We’re home,” he said quietly, watching as Tony melted under his touch. “Ready for bed?”
He looked up to catch Bucky and Natasha mid embrace, Bucky’s metal arm gleaming as it twisted in Natasha’s fiery red hair. But it was Natasha, as always, who was in charge, grabbing at Bucky’s collar to yank him down into a kiss. Steve smiled sadly. He knew that they had a complicated relationship, but who was he to judge? But from what Bucky had admitted to him, it seemed that even with all the chaos happening around them, it was the most steady they’d been in years.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Listen, asshole. I have nothing else to say to you. I don’t want any part of your superstitions.” Tony gestured across the room to Happy, and then pointed to the door. His bodyguard nodded, getting ready to start the car.
Tony patted his shoulder. “Not a problem, Spangles. Listen, I’d love to stay and chat, but Pepper might actually kill me if I go in today.”
“Listen, pal. No name, no deal. Well, I won’t deal with you anyway, but I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt.”
Steve hadn’t thought twice about the fact that Tony wasn’t answering his phone. Steve hadn’t thought twice about heading to base before helping Tony first.
Obie ran a large hand over his bald head. “And you think selling to the government is any better? You need to get your head out of the clouds, Tony. This is the real world; sometimes you are going to have to get your hands a little dirty to win.”
Tony was silent for a moment – too long, in Steve’s opinion. As if he was still figuring out if there was a right answer, one that he and Bucky wanted to hear. It was a stark reminder that as resilient as Tony was, he was just as fragile. Left flailing in the wind one too many times to know the difference between happiness and acceptance. Or more rather, the importance of the difference.
They were efficient and unyielding. Never once did Sam have time – or the need – to question why he was doing what he was doing every day. Sure, it probably wasn’t what his Mama had in mind for him as a career – turning to crime hadn’t exactly been on his radar either – but Sam had asked for a way to fight injustice, and God had given him Steve Rogers. And therefore, given Sam, his bliss.
With a running start, Steve sprinted through the quinjet leaping out of the open ramp and into Stark Industries.
Tony learning his name could be disastrous. Steve had just barely been able to regain the ground he had lost after his misstep with Thor. Dropping another bomb like that on Tony would probably send the man out the door for good. Steve wouldn’t risk that; not after everything they’ve been through.
A flurry of emotion passed over Tony’s face, as if he hadn’t expected Steve to ask that. More like, he hadn’t expected Steve to catch on so quickly. It was gone in a flash however, replaced by a mask of indifference. “I mean, yeah, I guess.”
Steve rubbed at his temples, closing his eyes, wishing to be anywhere than where he currently was. He tried to stretch out his legs, but was painfully reminded about the constricting desk he was squished behind in an even more constricting cubicle. Phones rang and keyboards sang in the crowded office, making Steve curse his enhanced hearing.
“It’s time to meet Fury.” Barnes’ voice sounded through the door. “We’re ready to go, unless you wanna bang it out one more time. Not like there’s a crisis going on or anything, no Sir.”
Going through his usual routine, he made a small breakfast, and checked his mailbox. Inside was a simple post it note.
Having his own narcissistic tendencies, Tony could convince anyone that he could move mountains with his bare hands, maybe even build a weaponized metal flight suit. Who knows, he probably could if he had the time. Tony was never one to admit that he was only human, but even he had his limits. Not that he would tell anyone.
Every donation to them was heaven sent, but to Steve, that feeling was all he needed. A feeling that had never faded, never dulled, even months after their first recordings. Sitting with his friends, crammed around their small kitchen table, talking, laughing,
“Do you hear me? I will never love Peggy. I couldn’t possibly love anyone else, not after him.” Steve glanced back to Tony.
Tony was cut off by a icy pain in his lower gut. Gasping out, he clutched at his stomach immediately, whimpering as he heard his hands squelch over blood that was already pouring steadily from the wound.
“Why the hell not? You said it yourself. We’re on the same side here, Phil. Fury wants Pierce gone, we want Pierce gone. Come with me.”
Sam’s face grew grim, the man getting out of the chair slowly to whisper in Hill’s ear. “I thought we were going to wait. He can’t take this right now.”
“It’s amazing that you two made it out,” Tony continued. He knew what he'd said, what he'd shouted and screamed at Rogers. That it was his fault the SSR was dead. But he knew it wasn't; maybe it was just another thing Tony tried to blame the blonde for. When he'd backtracked through to find the SSR, he caught the whiff of the mole, but he couldn't figure out who it was. Sure, Rogers - and apparently Barnes - were the only ones that survived, but Tony couldn't imagine it being them. It was strange to have such blind faith in the men that had lied and deceived him. He was so convinced throughout his life that it would have been Rogers that was the mole; but now, having a face to the face, seeing him and his number two interact, see the devotion and pride with their current mob, it was if he couldn't fit the final piece of the puzzle in. There was no way either of them were the mole.
Tony stared back at the blonde, looking for any sort of tells that the man was lying. “HYDRA’s gone. You got rid of them. Quite tastefully, I might add. I don’t usually leave a review but you get a full five stars from me.”
Steve jolted in his chair, pencil going flying across the sketch he was touching up, and onto the floor. He looked up to see Tony leaning casually against his door frame, arms crossed loosely, slight smirk adorning his own tired face.
He walked into the dusty room, already finding Loki leaning against the far wall skinning an apple with a knife. Even in such a causal state, the man looked almost regal, with a perfectly tailored suit, lanky body and slicked back hair.
“My point, Natasha, is that you are not always right. You believe that everyone in this tower thinks of you the same way everyone else does. ”
being serious, Obie. The stock market isn't always going to be in our favor. Get that stick out of your ass and relax.”
“You’ll help no one but yourself and you know it,” Thor snapped before rushing out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
Tony narrowed his eyes as he plopped down into the seat next to his son, swinging his sunglasses around in his hand. “We’ll see.”
Pepper Potts was like family to Tony; Clint needed to protect Tony’s family. Maybe it would make up for the fact that Clint had failed to protect Tony.
Steve smiled again, but a sharp rap at the door stopped him before he could reply. Without further permission, the door was opened by Natasha, the redhead leaning around the door, smiling mischievously as she caught them mid-embrace.
Bucky let go of Steve’s wrist and punched him in the shoulder. “Like you can talk, Mr. Alpha. You we’re just about ready to throw him onto the ground and take him right here!”
“Did we hit a nerve?” a voice filtered by his ear, a grimy finger brushing along his cheek, picking up a drop of wetness in its path. Steve didn’t realize he had been crying, but he chastised himself. Tony was over there getting a beating of a lifetime, and Steve was the one that couldn’t hold it together. He just played into their hands; now they knew it was working.
“Looks like it.” Steve answered. The room exploded in noise, The Commando’s desperate voices filing the space. Steve’s head was pounding; he really didn’t need this right now. He flicked hand in Clint’s direction, and a sharp whistle pulled his men out of their side conversations.
JARVIS had apparently been running back-traces through all of SI’s servers to find potential leads at some point, but from what the AI had told Tony, he had stopped about a month in and was ordered to by Ms. Potts to focus all efforts on finding Tony. Now that Tony was back, JARVIS was back on the grind, transferring everything he already had over to Tony to look over. Which he did, for about ten minutes. One second he was over at his desk, typing away like a madman, then the next he was sitting with Clint, smushing his feet, sans shoes, underneath Clint’s thigh for warmth.
Bucky locked eyes with his friend. He gave the blonde a silent plea, one that was mirrored right back at him.
The thing about being a mailman, or even a fake one at that, is that sometimes they have heavy mail days. Which means that certain buildings can receive more than one package in one day.
Steve looked away, embarrassed. “Um, this is all I have.” Natasha looked at him, and if Steve looked closely enough, he thought he could see some sympathy in her eyes.
“You can, and you will,” Tony finished, pulling away and leading everyone back into the main room. “It’s the safest place we could be right now, and you know it. There’s a sewer entrance as well, most likely used for smuggling in beer, if you don’t want to walk through the store. I’ve outfitted every entrance with fingerprint scans as well; there is no way anyone can get in who doesn’t belong. Oh, and JARVIS will keep an eye on things.”
“It is for me,” Steve replied, staring at the crimson on the wall. He could feel the tears staring to form but he made no more to stop them. Let the agony come. He deserved it.
“Fine, fine," the Norwegian drawled. "The way I see it, we’re even now. You hold out on me, I turn on you.”
“All right, show’s over,” Steve said as he pulled Stark up and brought him into his office. He helped Stark lay down on his couch, ignoring the man’s whining. “I promise Bruce will be here when you wake up,” Steve huffed.
When she was given an instructor job at the studio, Natasha had specifically requested to work with children, the younger the better. There was something soothing about teaching the fundamentals, even teaching them over and over again. It was special getting to see a child discover the joy of dance for the first time. A joy that she had felt once – one of the only happy memories of her childhood – and relished in reliving it over and over again with each class. Every movement was pure and light.
Steve looked back at the cop, making sure his hands were still up as he slowly lowered himself to the ground.
Rumlow smiled down at the screens. After being removed from the case by Fury, he decided to take things into his own hands. He called old contacts from HYDRA, hoping they would come across anything.
“Cap, listen. This isn’t the first time, and probably not the last, that metal’s torn through my body. I got this.”
Stark turned back to him. “Captain, the man had a tooth full of cyanide. He was prepared for if we ever caught up with him. Why go through all this trouble unless you have something to hide? We can’t leave empty handed. I’ll be able to easily get facial recognition off him with these new photos. Let me dig into him.”
“Just like he helped before?” Rhodes continued. “Hell, Tony probably wouldn’t even be in this situation if it weren’t for him!”
Steve just laughed, grabbing his jacket, already pushing Sam back out the door. “Alright, we’ll be back!” his husband called over his shoulder.
Steve took a deep breath before entering his office, a very pissed Bucky following close behind. Walking in, he wasn't surprised to see Stark had already taken the seat behind his desk. Steve's fists tightened against his sides, but he decided against instigating another argument.
Steve’s head whipped to the door, mouth gaping open as he saw Tony Stark leaning casually against the door frame. At first glance, he looked eons better than the last time they interacted. The red, irritated skin covering in bruises and cuts had returned to its natural olive. Gone was the soot and sweat soaked hair, replaced now by soft, tousled locks. Even the anger in his face was gone, a soft smile and warm eyes in its place.
Steve was nearly vibrating with energy as Sam pulled over a block from the fire, whose flames were reaching over the rest of the buildings. From the lack of red and blue, Steve sighed in relief, knowing that they’d beat the police there.
Part of Tony’s mind was throwing up a red flag; that this was wrong. He had Steve now, and there was no way he was letting him go. He knew Steve always hated it when he coerced women and the occasional man. He always got that furrowed brow look, with a tight frown. Getting the look of pure disapproval from the Righteous Man himself never sat well with Tony.
Alexander Pierce sat in his office, looking down at the mask of The Red Skull before placing it back in its case.
Tony decided that it was in his better judgement that he not argue with that. He stepped off to the side of the room, leaning against a cold wall to watch the show while The Captain remained at attention in the center of the room, waiting to be the first thing their prisoner sees when he wakes up.
He froze in horror, however, as he saw the neighbor’s kid looking up at him with wide eyes. Not really knowing what to say, Steve placed the car down as gently as he could and dashing inside. With any luck no one would believe the kid’s story, if he ever told.
he thought, looking back at Coulson. Tony bit his lip, chastising himself, as he felt another rage boiling for an entirely different reason. “Who took you?” he asked, clenching his fists. “Who took you, Phil? Tell me, and I promise you that they won’t make it to see tomorrow’s sunrise.”
Tony was kind of hoping this Steve hallucination would turn sexy, but there was no way he was doing that with Rhodey around.
Fury’s voice pulled him from his thoughts and he clenched his fists, willing away the ghosts that lingered. He looked back at Fury’s face. Still nothing. “Can I get you something to drink?” Steve asked carefully. “I can offer you,” he paused, eyes darting to the fridge momentarily, “water?”
Bucky shrugged. “Did you see you out there? You were doing enough damage yourself. Now listen up, Cap. This isn’t then. This is
“Do you have any real questions for me? Because otherwise I’m going to have to ask you to leave. Again.”
“A bomb?” Tony pushed Yinsen out of the way to see for himself. Sure enough, down a ways was the shelled remains of the hallway that had led Tony to way too many ‘interrogations’. “Sunlight,” Tony said suddenly, as he finally managed to take in the light streaming down into the dark, cave-like sewer.
“I need you to keep them focused. Pierce can’t win, you can’t let him. You and the team need to take him down. And,” Coulson added with a shaky breath, “I need you to look out for Clint. If he’s as bad as I think he is, I need to know that there will be someone in his corner.
“Wait!” Steve grabbed his friend and pulled him close against him as another spray of bullets landed where he should have been standing.
Hammer coming to him about Stane’s betrayal gave him the edge he was looking for. With Stane chasing a faulty name, it gave Pierce ample room to swoop in and get The Captain before anyone else got too close. Unfortunately for Hammer, he wouldn’t be keeping Stark. While Pierce was glad that Hammer had chosen his side, it didn’t change his end game. Hammer was joking himself if he thought himself as anything but a pawn. Stark was too favorable for HYDRA’s cause for Pierce to just hand him over for Hammer to play with.
“Before you showed up, he said that it ‘was the end of the line for me.’ I used to say that to Bucky all the time. But I only told that to him. No one else knows about that.”
Tony looked down, tapping a forgotten tune against Steve’s sternum with his fingers. “We still could.”
Tony is constantly suffering from night terrors and panic attacks. The last one he had in bed had actually left Steve with a broken nose. Of course, super soldier he was, it healed by morning, but the damage it had done to Tony had lasted.
“Well, I do,” Barnes snapped back, throwing his jacket at Tony. “Steve isn’t the only one who can’t swim.” And with that, the other man jumped into the water. Tony blinked in shock, unable to come up with a retort as the other brunette leapt in. It was agonizing, watching him slip below the water, disappearing from sight instantly. Some of the water from Barnes’ wave slashed onto Tony’s bare skin; the man shuddered, the freezing droplets turning his veins to ice.
He followed Natasha into the building, only for Steve to gape even more. The inside was even more sleek than the outside. Even the furniture looked too futuristic to even be usable. It was so fake. Steve hated it.
“I know, and that’s part of the problem,” Steve frowned. “I don’t want him running himself into the ground to keep me happy. He’s been through enough already.”
"Of course, Sir." JARVIS dutifully followed The Captain, switching cameras every time he fell out of frame. It wasn't long before The Captain slipped out of view completely. "This is the last of the available footage for the area."
Tony’s stomach clenched. It didn’t matter what he said; he could use any and every excuse under the sun and he would still lose. His eyes fluttered open, meeting Steve’s gaze. There it was again. That look.
“Don’t,” Steve stopped him. “You did everything you could to keep this family afloat. I’ll forever be in your debt for doing what I couldn’t. This is on me, Clint. Everything that’s happened; it’s all on me.”
The cops shouted, obviously catching Bucky in the act. Without stopping, he scooped Clint up, lugging him over to their parked van. The police were closing in fast; Bucky could hear the bullets pelt the side of their armored car as he tossed Clint in the back before making a man dash to the front.
Tony gaped at older woman, plump with wealth and finery, false sympathy barely seen through the layers of makeup, jewelry, and designer clothes. Tony would have charged right at here if Obie hadn't intercepted him.
But no, it was the situation that really irked Barnes. The need for control out of his reach, and no nervous pacing was going to bring him any closer. Tony had noticed him act like this more frequently, jumping between statuesque and twitchy quicker than he could blink his eye. The strain of this war with HYDRA had taken its toll on everyone, but it seemed almost surreal seeing Barnes struggle this way.
"What are you planning to do? Kill me?" Loki jeered. "My father would rein down hell if any harm came to me."
Delmar nodded, immediately doing as asked. Barton grasped him by an arm and started pulling him down the new stretch of building. Delmar peeked up a little to see The Black Widow talking with Falcon.
Speaking of. Tony was jostled out of his thoughts when Steve cleared his throat. Tony quickly recoiled his hand, blushing furiously.
Steve huffed out a laugh of his own, pulling back slightly to meet Tony’s eyes again. “You are unbelievable,” he gasped.
For a long time the pair just stared at each other. “Those tears for your long lost boss?” Tony finally asked, taking in Pepper’s puffy eyes.
The view though, was very nice. Tony had hurdled Clint into the nearest elevator, smacking the top floors button with the sole of his foot as he juggled fast food bags in his arms. After a quick stroll through the receptionist foyer, Clint stepped into Tony’s personal office.
“Well, just in case,” Tony said, pulling out a phone and chucking it at Clint. “If you plan to continue this little affair, leave the poor farmers out of it and use this instead, alright?” He turned to look at Phil. “I have one for you as well in the car. Remind Steve to get it for you later because I am not trekking through the woods any more than I need to.”
“I mean, that tucking tail is exactly what the FBI is expecting,” Tony continued. “We need to tread carefully here. When Steve first showed up at my place about a month ago, we were prepared to make a move for everyone. But we decided against it; as much as we needed to see you, we wanted to be smart about it. The FBI has everyone on different check in schedules, making it almost impossible for all of us to drop off the map without someone noticing immediately. Fury’s not an idiot; I’m sure he’s already considered every way to stop us from making a play.”
Tony tried to breathe through yet another panic attack. His hands were shaking and tears were streaming down his face.
Steve gasped, chest heaving and a questioning look. Before he could think twice Tony grabbed at Steve’s dick, which had slipped out of Tony after their movement. Steve immediately tensed, his abs contracting as Tony’s fingers danced around it. He fumbled with the hard length, struggling to guide it back towards his entrance. He’d had this done to him multiple times and it always drove him crazy; he could only hope to give Steve a fraction of the same pleasure.
Bucky faltered at the tone, but continued to step into the room anyway, shutting the door quietly behind him. “I brought you some dinner,” he said softly.
“It makes sense why you wouldn’t have told Bucky or I, but would you keep it to yourself? You spent the last year and a half getting rid of the remnants of Extremis, but you were just going to settle for it? Even when you were sick you knew when it got bad enough to tell someone else,” said Steve. “You would have told someone. You would have told
Tony sighed, shoulders deflating. “Well, then what do you suggest? Not gonna lie, I wouldn’t exactly object to your boys tossing him around in there like a chopped salad.”
Natasha raised a single eyebrow, as if daring him to say something. Steve shook his head, leaning back over the coffee table to straighten up the aftermath of lunch.
The volume decreased to Tony’s usual ramblings, Natasha listening intently to the engineer. “No, Sam’s not lying to you. Really. Steve wants him and Clint to go check on the old SSR file locations. We’ve stopped at some already and someone’s been clearing them out. We need to know what else is missing.”
Tony walked over and reached his hands out slowly, softly grabbing at Steve’s hands. Steve let him, of course, but remained silent expect for the wet gasps that left his throat.
Steve liked to try and guess who they were, making up stories about their lives. Like the man with the guitar, saving his earned quarters for a personal recording, one that would lead him to a record deal. Or the couple, getting coffee before leaving on their mission as international spies. Maybe the police officer was so tired because he’d stayed up late practicing his lines for a play he was in.
“You know,” Tony continued. “Like a vacation. These past few months have been pretty exhausting; I think I deserve it.”
Bucky huffed out a chuckle. “Damn you and your conscience,” he said, walking past Steve and opening the door. “How do I look?” he asked, looking back at Steve.
But could he? They were so far into the game, he couldn’t leave them now. Not with HYDRA so close. It was too dangerous.
“Are you kidding me?" Phil asked incredulously. "Someone gunning down a bunch of cops? It could have been anyone.”
Leaving Barnes at the sewer, Tony staggered along the river walk, thanking every deity when he ran into a jogger.
“And you need better friends,” retorted The Skull. “A little birdie told you that you could find me here? Well, the little birdie told me the same thing.”
Natasha looked over to Sam, the man shifting his weight between his feet, eyeing the FBI agents suspiciously.
Clint shifted in the uncomfortable hospital chair, staring at the door. The whole team was in there with Natasha. Clint refused to go in. He refused to go. After all, it was his fault she was in there.
The question caught Tony off guard. He raised his head slowly, meeting Clint’s tired gaze again. “I’m sorry?”
Tony rubbed at his forehead. “Hey, no shouting at the table. Steve!” he called, hoping his husband the constable would make an appearance.
I’m sure you can understand why I’m not too happy.”  Pierce tapped his fingers in annoyance against the dark wood of his desk. His tired eyes swiveled across the room, barely furnished and impersonal. Of course, that was what he was going for. While usually he found it ironically the safest to direct HYDRA proceedings within the walls of the NYPD precinct, Pierce had often, perhaps too often, ended up at other discrete locations in order to safely conduct business. He wasn’t sure which one he was at now, not like it mattered. His men were outside, guarding the door. There were no wiretaps, no bugs, no threats. He was safe here; HYDRA was safe.
Steve was laughing again, that harsh and broken sound, like an instrument out of tune. “You don’t understand. It’s over. We’re done for.”
Stark's chestnut eyes pierced Steve's, but eventually he looked away. "You started it," Stark mumbled.
He saw Sam flinch a little, although he wasn’t sure if it was from being caught staring, or the rough sound that was his voice.
“Tony,” Steve started again, a hand creeping forward to touch it, but pulling away, opting to curl tightly into Tony’s shirt instead.
Steve rubbed a hand on the back of his neck, blushing slightly. “I like it when you say our people,” he stammered.
So, he left. Walked away from the sounds of that cold, cruel laughter – laughter that sounded nothing like Riley’s. Unbeknownst to the father, however, Sam didn’t leave alone. He left with all the books, all the scams, everything. And posted them for the world to see.
"Tony, we're already doing everything we can," Obie placated. "We've called all the branches, we increased security protocols and hired more guards."
The three of them peered back down the hall, at the door of Steve's continually silent office. Within the room sat their boss, most likely in the same position that he was in the last time Clint went in to check on him. The same position he'd been in for days. Sitting in his desk chair and staring at an unseen scene in front of him.
When Tony pulled away, he was transferred over to Steve, giving him an equally as hard squeeze. “Sorry, Clint,” the blonde apologized. “It’s real good to see you.”
“Fine, let’s talk,” Tony snapped, not moving from his spot. “Let’s talk about why you know what this place is.”
Tony laughed harshly. “There was no strained relationship. That’s because there was no relationship. Surprised your best buddy Howard didn’t mention that.”
Growling softly, Tony carded a hand through Steve’s hair before yanking the man closer, using Steve’s small gasp of surprise as access to slip his tongue inside. That must have been the last straw, because Tony could barely catch a quick breath before Steve finally caught on with the program, preceding to relearn every inch of Tony’s mouth.
A reprieve, if only a distraction, from the outside world. That being said, as much as she loved working with the children, the price of having to deal with the parents was almost too high.
Fury circled the location on the map. “Hill was last seen heading here. He has to be there. Suit up, we’re heading out.”
Stark shrugged. “If you need to tell them that you needed to blackmail me into coming back, that’s fine. I don’t care.”
Steve looked around in horror. The mansion was destroyed; there were pieces of house and furniture strewn all over the place. Steve stared harder, only to find a still hand sticking out of the ruble.
But he could deal with that all in good time. Right now, it was time for Pierce to step back in the game. Word on the street was that The Captain and Stark were still enemies. While Stark had released the wrong name, Pierce deduced that the man still wouldn’t let his guard down, still letting Stark think he had the upper hand.
Pepper scoffed, insulted. “I’m the one who writes the schedule, Tony. We don’t have any business in England.”
“Just because I don’t resort to a gun doesn’t mean I can’t hold my own. If information is what we need, I can get it no problem.”
It wasn’t surprising that Romanoff was the one to speak up. That woman knew everything. “I’ve heard whispers. Just a shadow that deals with the Ten Rings.”
“You think a place like this knows the difference between a zucchini and an eggplant?” she asked. “Besides, I’m on vacation, so I’m not cooking. I was thinking more along the likes of ordering greasy pizza and getting wine drunk while answering passive aggressive emails from rich white moms.”
Steve smiled behind closed eyes as the sounds of Bucky’s familiar snores lulled him off to a well-deserved sleep.
“Could be another member of Brimstone. There is probably CCTV footage from outside; maybe we can catch the two of them.”
A quick kiss was pressed to his cheek before the two were surrounded in comfortable silence yet again. He knew this conversation was far from over, but Tony knew that Steve wasn't going to push him about it now. Tony contemplated falling asleep again, feeling safe in Steve’s arms when there was a sharp rap against the door.
He could see the fight in her eyes, but she relented, turning to the rest of terrified employees, voice soft and sure as she instructed them to remain calm. After a final lingering gaze, Tony turned, chasing after Clint. He caught sight of the man charging right into the lobby, desperately calling out to his lost lover. He had almost caught up to him when he was a bright flash, Obie’s path of destruction aimed right at Clint.
Tony bit his lip and reached out, grabbing Steve’s shirt collar. He moved deliberately, giving plenty of time for Steve to move away before pressing their lips together. It was slow, almost chaste, their lips molding together. Steve sighed into it, relaxing into the comfort of Tony’s embrace. Just like the last, it was over too soon, Tony leaning away with a quick nip to Steve’s bottom lip.
He stopped when the woman was staring at him with side eyes, obviously confused. Steve groaned, tapping the pad wildly, miming writing with his other hand. “Norma Wilcox,” he said again. “On the third floor, but I can’t. I also
Clint’s thoughts moved to Laura. His days were filled by an ache to return to her, to his family. But he couldn’t. The file he found at the campsite was filled with profiles of each of the Avengers, new and old. Clint couldn’t go back to them yet, not with the rest of the operation still alive. Going back to Laura could put her and the kids in danger, not to mention that he might be leaving the rest of the team unprotected against the rest of
Bucky, it seemed, had other plans. He dragged Steve down the stairs and into the gym, ignoring Steve’s halfhearted protests. Bucky finally stopped once the two were in the center of the room, inside a well-used boxing ring, reaching out to grab Steve by the shoulders.
Clint’s voice carried through the hallway, Steve and Thor immediately chasing after it. Running into the back room, he saw Natasha holding Justin Hammer in a choke hold.
"Dude, Thor hasn't been here in days," Sam sighed, rubbing at his temples. "While you've been off playing negotiator, Clint and I tried the Thor angle. He knows Steve shouldn't trust his brother; Loki's been out off Asgard's favor for months now. But as soon as he tried to bring it up to Steve, shit went south fast. Good thing Clint was dumb enough to get between the two of them, or we might have been down another man. And honestly, not even sure who would have won. Regardless, Thor took off, pissed out of his mind, so we're back to square one."
He was laying in bed, staring up at a too familiar ceiling when he heard it. At first, he thought it might have been a bug from outside, but he turned in time to catch the screen lit up. Bucky scrambled across the mattress, getting tangled in pillows and sheets as he reached for the phone.
Gleaming, white teeth shone through a wide smile. “Tony,” Steve breathed, letting out a strangled laugh. “Tony, you- ”
Tony carefully lowered the socket wrench. “Yep,” he tried to cover, mouth popping at the end of his answer. “Good idea, Cap.”
Steve laughed again. “We’ll tell you on the way,” he answered, pulling Clint back towards his house. “But let’s get you inside. I want to put some ice on that cheek.”
Tony nodded, picking up the small object in his fingers. “Then I won't have to keep lugging this thing around,” he said, tapping the car battery currently connected to his chest.
It was worse than he could have imagined. The original files alone in Pierce’s hands were enough to make Steve on edge, but he should have known the man was going to play dirty. He wasn’t just going for the win anymore, he was going through the kill. And not just them, anyone that even looked at Pierce the wrong way could end up behind bars, or worse, dead in the street.
Tony sighed again, wiping away the errant affection. He cast a final look inside before turning around, stopping only to dump the rest of his spoiled coffee onto the ground. The house was silent –
like this. He knew he couldn't head into the flames - as much as he wanted to yell fuck it and do it anyway. What good would that do? It would only just end up killing him. Although, given the current predicament, he might as well be dead anyway. It had taken him so long to find his family; there was no life worth living without them.
Steve’s mouth left his only to attach to his neck, worrying at the skin roughly. Tony started to moan but it was caught again, stopped by Bucky leaning over Steve to have a taste. Steve’s hands trailed up Tony’s spine until he felt the zipper at the back of his flight suit. He tugged it down harshly, only to stuff his hands down the open back, feeling the glorious heat from Tony’s body spread out under his fingertips.
“Yes,” Steve answered, feeling his ears turn pink. Tony’s gaze softened, tilting his head back to look at the sky.
Which was completely ridiculous. But it was Pepper. So this is how Tony found himself staring at research on the effects of greenhouse gases. And of course, Pepper had taken him off the Stark tech project last month. Tony had already put the best phones and tablets out on the market; Pepper decided that he didn’t need to make any more improvements until the competitors caught up. So Tony couldn’t even mess with his own tech anymore.
“Empty threats my ass. Do you even know who I am? Listen, there’s still time to save you from the oncoming and definitely fatal embarrassment. How about we just part ways now and I’ll let you walk out of this alive; I’ll even give you the added bonus of minimal maiming. See? I’m nice like that.”
Bucky pushed Steve in front of one of the beds, before spinning Steve around to face him. “Are you gonna listen to me now? Or am I gonna have to beat your ass again?”
he laughed to himself. Never did he ever picture himself living anywhere that had one of those. Years ago, he would have thought an alarm clock was an unimportant luxury. He had been used to snoozing in damp alleyways and abandoned factories. Not exactly an ideal life for an alarm clock. Now, he couldn’t look at it without hearing Tony’s voice in his head.
Clint jogged across the street, darting around traffic as he scanned the street’s crowd. It was always a shock, seeing the normality of it. People stopping for coffee, kids running to school, patrons cramming on the bus. Clint’s world was crumbling around him, but as soon as he walked upstairs, it was if nothing was wrong. It was just your average Tuesday.
Reaching SI was a bit of a blur, his body exhausted and trembling as he stumbled through his private entrance and elevator.
It was only when Tony faced off with Barnes that he figured out it was still for show. Tony knew that there was no way that Barnes would let him live if given the option to put a bullet in his brain. It was sheer relief; Tony almost dropped the act right then and there as the weight of the world was lifted from his shoulders. But no, he continued, retreating back to SI.
After a nice breakfast, Steve had made Tony return to bed. Something about getting the right amount of rest or some shit. Which was completely ridiculous because Steve had stayed up all night watching for his could be murderer.
his brain played on a mantra as he fumbled with the last few buttons. It wasn’t the first instance that Steve had gotten caught up in hero work, but today was the one day where that couldn’t happen. And it did anyway.
Steve couldn’t help but feel a pulse of selfishness, the key to Tony’s safehouse burning a hole in his pocket. Steve would be getting a larger slice than everyone else – that was, if Fury didn’t arrest him on finding out he ditched Kansas to head to North Carolina. But, if he knew the rest of his team, he had no doubt in his mind that they wouldn’t be trying something similar.
Tony twisted immediately, ignoring the tightness of his still healing body as he threw himself onto his attacker. Snatching the man by the back of his jacket, Tony tossed him into the wall, the man crumpling easily. A well timed kick knocked the man’s knees out from under him, before the same foot stomped onto his stomach, keeping him on the floor. A quick reach behind, and Tony was pulling out the handgun that Steve had slipped into the waist line of his pants, flipping the safety off and aiming it at-
Wouldn’t Barnes be happy that Phil was alive? He’d known the mild-tempered cop for a lot longer than Tony had, and Tony had been, once the mid-life crisis had ended, ecstatic. But just like Tony, the joy of the life of a man thought dead was tampered, overruled by grief.
Tony tore his gaze back to his car. What remained of it, anyway. The charred and melted shell of his vehicle stained the once clear street. A small fire still blazed within it, the smoke emitted reaching high into the sky.
“Okay, now make sure when you pull it out,” he continued, watching as Pepper’s hands emerged with the edge of the wire. He never finished his statement as he heard another burst of Wilson’s heated voice. He couldn’t make out anything except for one word:
Fury took a swig of brandy. “We know you’ve been stashing half of your silver bars somewhere. Which is smart; you’re gonna get out. Go overseas right? England, am I right? Here’s the deal. You give him up, or you give up half your stash. Are you willing to dump your dreams of getting out in the dirt, for Bucky?”
“So tell me, why does The Captain want to meet with me?” Tony watched as the blonde rubbed a hand through his hair, before sitting back down in front of Tony.
Steve walked around the room, poking at the papers, shutting the drawers. “Not that I can see. I’m sure he was looking for more addresses for location drops. Don’t worry, he didn’t find any. Other than that, there wasn’t anything important enough to take in here.”
When Barnes didn’t respond, Tony yanked on him harder. Surprisingly, the extra force pulled Barnes from the rubble and on top of Tony.
Rhodes sighed. “You’re right. That bastard’s too stubborn to die.” When Steve didn’t respond, the man continued. “We’ve got quite a mess to deal with here,” he said, gesturing to the so called crew in front of them.
A split second later, his wings snapped out of the pack, the span of the manmade feathers arching other both Steve and Sam’s head, and whacking right into the officer.
“SHIELD has reported movement of a HYDRA cell in Belarus. Per Director Fury, aerial footage shows large amounts of unidentified tech amassing in their facility. Just this past hour, energy spikes have been reported, knocking out several towns’ worth of power outages. An order for immediate deployment has been issued for the whole team.”
“This is camera footage,” Stark said in a soothing tone. “I had JARVIS run every test on it; it hasn’t been tampered with.”
“Don’t,” Tony cut him off. “There’s a time for that conversation, but it’s not now. Not gonna lie, Cap, but we’re not doing so good right now. We’ve made some pretty bad decisions recently; all of us have. We need a leader.”
There was a pause in the gunfire. He could hear Hill screaming for backup over the dead man’s comm. “Rogers?” a voice called out.
As much as it pained him, Bucky could understand that. As tantalizing as it was to just take his family and run, there was no way that they could do it forever. It wasn’t the same as hiding in a dumpster from some beat cop, this was the FBI. And for as powerful as Tony was, there was no way he could keep them at bay and protect the rest of them at the same time. It didn’t matter how long they could hold out; all roads would eventually lead to a super max.
"Amputation," Tony replied hoarsely. "Emergency surgery required, as far off the books as you can get me. I need Strange; I need a miracle."
“I’m not on a HYDRA op!” Delmar continued when Barton reached for his gun. “No, no, no, I am HYDRA, I promise!” Barton looked at him warily, but put his hand back on the steering wheel.
to his friend. If anything, that caused Stark to grin wider. "That's right, Barnes; a whipped dog like you wouldn't want to upset the Master, would you?"
Steve’s lips curled into a frown. “Bucky, you could have gotten yourself killed. You’ve already lost an arm on my account; I can’t have you losing your life over- ”
Tony shoved Coulson out of his grip, stomping a few steps away. He couldn’t look at look at him, couldn’t
It was quiet for a while, but Steve knew Tony hadn’t fallen back asleep. If anything, Tony was being as stubborn as ever and forcing himself to stay awake, if only to try and get out of the med bay quicker. He turned slightly, towards Steve. He must have finally felt the wet patch that was slowly accumulating on his back from Steve’s tears.
“This is irrelevant,” he answered, yanking the cord connecting the arc reactor to his chest out before he could think twice. He felt the jolt in his chest, his body on high alert with the shift in his system. “Just put it somewhere over there,” he continued, waving vaguely over to one of his work benches.
Tony hummed, and Steve could feel it reverberate against his own chest. “Seems to me that Captain America is jealous.”
There wasn’t even a rival gang in Brooklyn because The Captain’s forces swoop in as soon as someone even thinks about mentioning the word ‘rebellion’. Tony still remembered what had happened to Schmidt’s gang. HYDRA came from an old family, its name ran deep in New York. They had been established long before the other mob even blinked into existence, but one run in with the Captain, and boom, they were gone. Destroyed. Eradicated.
Bucky patted his back before pushing him back up. “Yeah, well someone’s gotta keep you in line. Now come on, in the bed. Time for us to get some shut eye, before I grow a conscience and decide you’re too smelly to sleep next too.”
When he was met with even more silence, Tony continued. “Nothing to say? You were all about talking just a minute ago. Unless of course- ”
I am not going to sit here and let you bleed out on my front steps. You go out and take a job with us? That makes you a Commando, and whether you like it or not, that makes you one of my people. So buck up, soldier, shut your goddamned mouth, and let your Captain help you.”
“There’s an army man out there for you. You didn’t tell me that you’re setting up another contract with the military. Does Obadiah know about this?”
Sure enough, Bucky Barnes stood on the other side of the glass, face pale and eyes wide. Steve opened the window.
“I’m allowed to have friends, Sir,” Phil hissed. This was not good. This was definitely not good. With Fury poking around, who knows how long it would be before something slips out of Phil’s mouth. For all he knew, Fury already asked him when he was drugged out of his mind.
Steve didn’t bother with a response, just ending the call and returning his focus to the long road in front of him. The site in New Jersey was a bit of a drive, but the thought of that archive being cleaned out had his insides twisting in knots.
It wasn’t long before Steve and Sam found their way to the collapsed floor. The fallen walls and supports were no match for Steve’s strength. Slowly but surely, they reached the offices trapped by the falling debris.
Clint glanced back at the clock. It was still way before dawn, but Clint knew that he wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep; not with his plagued dreams.
Barnes was faltering, unable to keep up his act as he struggled to continue to juggle the crew. He was spastic and impulsive, and almost cruel in his remarks, signs of him kicking into overdrive to try and grasp some semblance of control again. Control that he knew had slipped far from his reach – but yet he tried anyway, like code stuck in a loop, trying repeatedly to fix the unwanted error, only to create several more in its wake.
Yinsen’s voice snapped him out of his thoughts. “Now, we wait until it cools,” Tony answered. “And then, if my math is right, which it always is, it’ll power this,” he finished, pointing to the small circular object he had started to tinker on.
can help. This is HYDRA we’re talking about here. I know I don’t know what happened the first time, but something tells me it wasn’t pretty. I don’t think we can risk underestimating them again.
“Fly home, kid,” hissed Steve. “I work alone,’ the blonde continued as he began his fight against The Wrecking Crew.
Barnes sat down on the bench, laying his head in his hands. It was a long time before he spoke again. “No.”
Obie makes it sound like the company is headed for the shitter. But they're thriving by living off the military contracts. Key word,
didn’t ask for this? What do you think I’ve been listening to him giggle about the whole way here?” replied Steve.
“That there’s a huge, gaping hole in the middle of the street not three blocks from here,” she replied easily.
Steve just sheepishly smiled back, shifting awkwardly on his feet. Iron Man always looked like he had Steve under inspection, the stoic gaze of the faceplate leaving much to Steve’s imagination. He heard Iron Man huff a laugh, the small mechanized chuckle sending a shiver down his spine.
The doors slid open smoothly, Steve debarking with Bucky as they headed for the frosted glass of Ms. Pott’s office. Steve walked up to the door and knocked, listening for a response. When he didn’t get one, he looked at Bucky, who rolled his eyes in return before barreling past him and into the office.
It was a nervous habit, obviously. A dangerous man like Barnes would be stupid not to constantly be aware of his surroundings. But it was more than that; the metal-armed man didn’t like being here. The room was one thing – a glass, almost aquarium like structure, open on all sides, offering almost no cover and shadows for the hit man.
that people like him used to do, and call for the supers to return. That one day that he could pull out the shield again. That one day he’d see a familiar suit gleam in the sky as it rocketed by.
Wake up. Go to the factory. Kill the target. Dispose of the body. Eat at the diner. Get the serum. Hit the club. Repeat.
“We’re here,” Steve replied softly, unable to hold back the smile as Tony bounded over to them like an excited puppy.
Tony snorted. “Steve, the kid is nine months old. He’s not gonna remember if we go on a picnic or not.”
Steve bundled him up in his arms, standing slowly, making sure his load was secure. “Not going anywhere without you,” Steve whispered, pressing a kiss to his forehead. “I just figured you’d like to more somewhere more comfortable. You got a bed in this joint?”
“Hush, Steve, the adults are talking,” Tony snapped over his shoulder. “With what he saw,” he added, looking back at Barnes, “with, you know. If it were me, all I’d want would be Rhodey. Even if I stayed, we both know you’d still be in here.”
Clint slipped away from the crowd, darting down the back streets until he reached his destination. The train yard was quiet and still, looking like a graveyard for the old box cars. He hopped over a chain-link fence, landing in the overgrown weeds that had infiltrated the abandoned space. Clint stepped onto the tracks, walking in between the cars, eyes sweeping over each one.
Clint jumped up. “Hey! Put your goddamn gun down,” he shouted at Sam, racing across the room to grab the gun from the man’s hand, quickly disassembling it. “Fuckin’ newbie,” he added, landing a sharp slap to the back of Sam’s head.
Natasha threw her bag down by the shoe rack, making a beeline for the kitchen. Her hands moved automatically, pulling out some bread, peanut butter, and jam.
knew so much? Oh, you didn’t trust him, did you? But you did! And you told him the location of the files, just in case your crew needed to catch up. Trying to cover all of our bases, were we? Well, guess what? He told me too.”
“Don’t play dumb,” Stane said, rolling his eyes. “You knew Grant wasn’t The Captain’s real name, didn’t you? That’s why you wanted him all to yourself, wasn’t it? I
This idiot has no idea what he's gotten himself into. “You said you know who I am, yes? Then you should know that I’m a very powerful man with very powerful friends. This isn’t my first rodeo, kid. I know how this plays out. Spoiler alert, you end up at the bottom of the Hudson.”
“Well, now that you’ve permission from Dad, can you send us where we need to go? Barton and I have some work to do.”
The car screeched to a halt. “Why are you stopping? We’re not… there…” he trailed off, looking out the front window. Traffic was bumper to bumper, only a mere block away from Stark Industries. And while there was always traffic in New York City, there wasn’t a jam due to bright flashes of light, the bursts showering out from the glass windows of his building, wreaking havoc on the public below.
Tony sighed. “Steve, I appreciate the fact that you think my genius knows no bounds, but I don’t know anything about the stars.”
Over half of his crew was gone, Coulson was probably dead, and Steve was letting Tony slip through his grasp.
“Thank God,” the brunette snarked. “On to more pressing matters – why does it smell like bad chicken in here?”
“Here. Take the truck. It’s filled with gold. Take it and go live your life. No one will come after you; I took care of it.”
“Do you?” Bucky continued. “Because you’re walking around here like a ghost. This isn’t the SSR, Steve. You’re not alone anymore. You’ve still got your family here.”
“Well, it wasn’t too long before even New York City got too small for the number of mafias crawling around in the gutters. It was pure anarchy – people were killing each other left and right as they fought over territory, contraband, anything, really.”
“You what?!” Clint pulled Tony down the stairs, back to where Steve was. Not, of course, before passing Delmar’s cell. “Is that a medical team? What the hell did you do?”
The team got instantly, scrambling to get whatever they could get their hands on. Clint had even managed to push Bucky into the fray as well, grabbing him from wherever he had been hiding. Steve stood to try and help, but rough hands dragged him out the door and into the passenger seat of a car. “No heavy lifting for you, Cap,” said Tony, buckling his seatbelt. “You’re still on bedrest.”
“Guarding the golden egg,” Zola answered with a slimy smile, gesturing the stacks of boxes around them. “Still so much information to go through. Our old employers were very diligent.”
Suddenly, the icemaker turned on, shooting ice cubes onto the floor in front of him. “JARVIS,” Tony snapped. “Will you give me a fucking break? I’m going to eat something!”
Dealing with crazed fans was hard enough as it is, but Steve couldn’t let this get in his way. Not today.
It’s a shame you aren’t there. Oh well. I guess whoever you left at home will just have to take a message."
He could see the hole in front of him, the huge gap right down the street. A hand reached out, yanking him to a halt. “Think this through,” Bucky snapped in his ear. “The hole is crawling with cops. They’re not going to let you down there.”
Tony watched in horror as Yinsen’s eyes fluttered shut. Tony scrambled, slapping the man’s cheeks, screaming his name, but Yinsen refused to answer.
The elevator dinged as he reached the main floor, the doors opening smoothly. Tony had barely stepped out of lift before he heard the shouts.
“Well I’m going to need you to try harder. Tony, we can’t keep taking hits like this. We’re still trying to pull ourselves out of this whole Stane mess. We’re going to need something big to make up for all the business we lost after dropping weapons manufacturing.”
“The hell I can’t,” Clint snapped back. He easily avoided the firemen trying to block his path, running into the building.
Tony grabbed his arm. “Stay as far back as possible, okay? The blast shouldn’t reach you, but I don’t want to take any chances.”
is that what you wanted to hear?!” Tony shouted, suddenly explosive. A few people on the street paused at the outburst. “I don’t have to be there if you don’t- ”
“Here, I have something for you.” They were curled around each other, two halves making a whole that Tony was loathe to pull away from. But he knew he wasn’t going far, dipping out of bed long enough to pull the present from his pants before he was retreating back into Steve’s welcoming arms. Tony opened his palm, pressing the object into his grip.
Steve’s eyes widened. “No shit.” He looked back to the door as it finally opened. Sam Wilson stepped through, looking utterly disheveled.
Tony started to run down the second set of stairs when he stopped, whipping back around to face the wall of flames. It was hard to hear anything over the roaring of the fire and his own heart thudding in his chest, but Tony knew there was something else.
After about five minutes of uncomfortable silence, Tony blurted out, “I’m sorry, should I be saying something? Because you’re very cryptic and I’m not exactly sure what’s going on here.”
The recliner spun around, the light flipping on, and Steve was faced with a very pissed Tony Stark. The smaller man wasn’t even in his pajamas, instead lounging in old jeans and a ragged tank top; one of Steve’s favorites that he deemed the lab rat look. Except the determined curiosity that usually adorned Tony’s face when he wore that ensemble was replaced he exhausted eyes and bruised lips where they’ve been bitten. Looking to the right, Steve could see that –
“He needs the push,” argued Bucky. “He wants to help, he’s just letting himself get too conflicted. He’s terrified about what could happen to Steve, and I know he won’t be able to deal with the guilt if anything happened to him. He’ll come back.”
Steve brought Tony’s hand up to his lips, kissing it softly. “You were shot. It’s ok now; you’re going to be alright.”
“The heat thing, I could have gotten used to – and I’m sure I could have made strong enough sedatives for the sleeping issue, but this?” he cried. “I feel
He’d sent out a list of everything he needed, pulling scraps and basically bullshit out his ass to get where they were today: an almost finished miniaturized arc reactor and a huge pile of crap that Tony had convinced everyone was the start of the Jericho missiles. “Keep taking this shit apart,” he said, gesturing to the pile of discontinued Stark weapons. “We’re going to need some of it soon. Besides, I don’t want our friends to think we’re slacking off.”
Bright blue eyes locked with his. “Tony,” the other man replied, surging forwards without hesitation to press their lips together.
“That’s one way to put it,” Steve responded. “Follow him after the drop off; let him stumble around until he finds an ally.”
Mrs. Hogenson scribbled madly on the paper in front of her, jotting every note down. Upon finishing, she uttered, “Why thank you, young man.” Steve shushed her before anyone could hear, standing up to shoo her out of the office.
“Well, we need to find out if Hammer really is working with HYDRA. Get some of his men talking, and they might help us onto another lead,” answered Stark.
And with that, Tony veered away, racing out of the warehouse lot and onto the road, leaving The Captain and his problems in the dust.
“Huh,” Clint remarked, looking at a small frame hanging over by the bar. “Old fashioned is right; I don’t even know what this means,” he said, pointing at the sign. “’Go Ugly Early’? What the hell kind of an insult is that?”
Silence echoed through the small room, broken sporadically by their prisoner’s raspy breaths, still unconscious. Tony stared at The Captain, starting to think that he had won him over. That was until The Captain gave a sharp laugh. “That’s the worst idea I’ve ever heard.”
he thought to himself - and held his own with The Commandos just fine, thank you very much. He even managed to save The Captain's distracted ass.
Tony jammed a few more buttons on his phone, pressing it up to his ear again. Not sure why he continued to bother; Steve obviously wasn’t going to be picking up anytime soon.
Bucky reared back, jabbing a finger into Clint’s chest. “Don’t you dare say that I don’t care about him. He was my family too.”
Tony groaned, stretching his limbs across the expansive bed, fingers digging into the silk sheets. His eyes fluttered open, barely glancing at the lofted ceiling above him before his head was turning, gaze following to the other side of the bed.
How the stalemate of a fight had led Steve to another friendship still boggles his mind. Bucky, of course, had come back for Steve, stopping Thor from placing a deadly blow to Steve’s skull. And Bucky, with his silver tongue, managed to calm Thor down enough to turn the table. Bucky convinced Thor that since it was so easy for just two guys to break in and steal their stuff, Asgard wouldn't last a week against the rest of the mobs in New York, knowing that half of them were connected to his rival, Tony Stark. Which is how, instead of leaving with two bullets in their brains, Steve and Bucky left with a security job for The Commandos and more tech than they could carry. And so began the deal between Asgard and The Captain. Steve and his men would provide heavy security and protection for Thor and his company whenever needed, while in return, The Commandos got tech, weapons, basically anything they could ever want. And of course, the lasting friendship with Thor was a nice bonus.
“Wake up,” Steve whispered in Tony’s hair, letting his lips linger to place a gentle kiss against the brunette’s forehead.
Steve nodded. “You see, Ms. Potts. Tony isn’t ignoring your call. He hasn’t answered because he’s been kidnapped.”
Coulson frowned slightly. “How many times do I have to tell you, Mr. Stark? I am not a part of some secret spy agency; I’m just a principal.”
“Focus,” Steve chided. “All we need to do is place them. I hit a few buttons and JARVIS will take care of the rest.”
“Extremis is like living with an active volcano under your skin. The shit even looks like lava, Steve, so
“Tony,” Steve interjected, grabbing the smaller man’s arm. “This is too much; we couldn’t possibly- ”
“Use your brain,” snapped Yinsen. “There’s been an explosion right down the hallway where they’ve locked up a weapon’s manufacturer with access to explosives.”
Alexander Pierce walked down the long hallway, his whistles echoing off the wall as he did. Stepping up to the front desk, he whispered a few words to the guard on duty, the man nodding before pressing the buzzer to unlock the gate separating the prison from the outside world. Obadiah Stane stepped through the doorway, quickly letting the other officers do a quick search of his body. Once he got the okay, Pierce jerked his head to the left, Stane quickly falling into step beside him.
“Are we stopping for lunch?” he asked. There, sitting innocently between two bricked up buildings, sat a small restaurant.
Natasha hummed, tapping her fingers against her armrest. “This whole time you’ve basically been the crypt keeper for all these secrets. You never thought about getting rid of it? Burning it? Hell, even selling it all?”
Pierce gave a sharp grin. “Glad we settled that.” He gestured to the chair across from his desk. “Please, sit. Let’s talk about our next move.”
A military man, for sure. Stoicism was always a requirement when taking a job under the uniform. A blank canvas, one that would never crack, never showing emotion. Never showing weakness.
"Don't tell them anything, Cap," Tony slurred out, his head rolling against the back of his chair. "I got this," he tried to smile.
He couldn't even finish before the room exploded, both camera flashes and shouts consuming the room. He could feel himself being yanked from the microphones in Obie's steel grip, his voice now trying to carry over the crowd, to keep it tame, but Tony didn't hear him. His eyes searched the room until he found Steve again.
“You brought me six members of the Ten Rings?" Steve gaped at the other man. "How the hell did you even manage that?”
Fury dropped another file on the bed, this one largely overstuffed and worn, like it’d been gone through each day.
Could they fix it? Phil was in the wind again, probably never to be seen again. Hell, he’d been the one to help Tony pull the lever, staring back down at the trolley in the face.
Repetitive noises sounded behind her and Natasha turned slightly. Ward’s fingers were tapping over his holstered gun, almost nervously, much the same way they had moved over his phone screen. He met her gaze and frowned. “Move it,” he snarled, pushing her forward slightly.
A loud groaning sounded above him, and Tony only had a few seconds before more ceiling crashed down to where he had just been standing. He gasped in pain as fresh embers splattered against exposed skin, his head still pounding, lungs constricting for a fresh breath.
They were so damn close to finally getting their hands on The Captain and his new business partner. But, no. Anthony Stark had to, yet again, go ahead and ruin everything they’d worked for.
“Well, at least we’ve got one thing in common,” Rhodes conceded, flopping into the chair next to Steve.
Pierce shifted uneasily in his seat. Stane had come bursting in just days ago with what he had thought was the best news possible. Tony Stark and The Captain had turned on each other, leaving Stark with a price on his head, and The Captain with a name to his face.
even. She could have any investor emptying out his pockets with a few words from her; she could have this this entire room waiting on her hand and foot by the end of the night is she wanted. It was if she was destined to end up here. Tony had always envied that – Pepper always seemed to know what she wanted, and when she wanted it. Tony had spent too much of his life bouncing between doing whatever the fuck he wanted or riding others curtails to get by. He was always stuck out in limbo and rolling with the punches, doing what he needed to stay ahead of the other guy. In the moment, he thought that was all he needed, just living the high of proving he was the smartest person in the room. But in the end, after the rush had gone, and he was left alone, he was always left floundering. Floundering to a point to where he’d make his next bad decision only to start the cruel cycle over again.
“We weren’t supposed to make a move on them for months, but yet here you are, guns blazing, ruining my
Steve wanted to be sick. He felt his chest tighten and his vision turn sideways as he fell to his knees.
And by God, it worked. Tony only wished he was down in the sewers just to see the look on Loki’s face. From what Steve had told him, it was pretty priceless.
Steve gasped, taking a step away from Bucky, but he continued. “Steve. He told me things. About the future. There’s this new power; a new man in charge. He’s the one closing all the loops! The call him Iron Man. And, and then! He told me he wanted a cigarette. Just a cigarette. So I untied him, and he gives me this look. And he just starts running. I knew I only had a small window to get him with my gun. He just came, and he went. And I just watched him until he was gone,” Bucky sobbed into his hands.
Obadiah Stane walked over to Tony and squeezed his shoulders. “The business meeting? Tell me you didn’t forget.” Stane gripped the bottom of Tony’s chin, looking questionably at his face.
Clint let out a small chuckle before grabbing the officer, pulling him into a slow kiss. He pulled away reluctantly, smiling when he felt strong arms wrap around him.
Tony tried to shrug nonchalantly. “Maybe he’s putting a new spin on things. Why should I do anything about it?”
Bucky’s eyes shifted to the other lump on the couch, Clint not looking up at the rest of the group, idly picking his nails.
Steve sighed again, turning to have all The Commandos staring at him. “Grab your gear. We leave now.” Everyone scrambled to comply, not daring to talk back.
“Yes. But there’s more. He said he helped Stane deal under the table. And that he contacted the Ten Rings.”
Steve, stop, it’s Clint!”, the red seemed to bleed away from the man’s eyes, looking down at Clint with a shocked gaze. At least he had the decency to look bashful.
Tony moaned at the feeling of his strong hands roaming over his back. He yanked at blonde locks, bringing Steve’s mouth back to his.
skin, listening to Steve’s heartbeat, racing like a runaway train. He could feel Steve try and return the favor, but Tony refused to pull away. Eventually, Steve gave up with a huff, grabbing the back of Tony’s shirt and ripping straight down, peeling the cloth away.
While his skills would have worked on any unsuspecting citizen, Clint got more than he bargained for by taking on Steve's second in command. The fact that Steve was nearby definitely didn't help Clint's cause either.
“He isn’t, or wasn’t, according to our knowledge.” Steve could feel the heat of Hill’s glare. “But apparently we were wrong. SHIELD was under the impression that Pepper Potts was the only one injected with Extremis in Malibu. Was Stark lying?”
Tony snorted into his mouth but was otherwise happy enough to let Steve kiss him senseless. When Steve pulled away, he didn’t move far, opting to nuzzle into Tony’s soft trusses, still damp from the shower. “You showered without me,” he pouted. Steve had caught a glimpse of Tony’s idea of a shower last night, his head unable to stop and think of all the pleasant possibilities it could provide.
He had been there. He had seen the whole thing. It was thing that Phil could latch onto before he'd lost consciousness.
“It works. Think of what we could do with this,” Tony pitched, closing his shirt back up. “There are endless possibilities. Unlimited power source? Asgard wouldn’t stand a chance against this thing.”
“Just so I can rub it in your face that I can make them better than you? I thought you’d never ask.”
After they’d landed, after the mission, Sam had waited outside his CO’s tent pacing, listening to Riley get chewed out for disobeying direct orders. Riley’s response was just as angry and as loud, and he came stomping out of the tent in a fit of anger, past Sam without a second glance.
Tony. Tony hadn’t mentioned anything; why would he? But Steve had promised him, so Steve would deliver. But how does one plan a date for a billionaire? Let alone planning a date while flying under the radar and being limited to small cash purchases only. Besides, Tony said he’s clearly been joking about the camping and – Steve huffed out a breath, his shoulders deflating.
Looking around, Tony took in the state of the rest of the office. Scraps of paper, their memories, their
Tony’s eyes widened. “Steve,” he said trying to reach out for him again. “Steve, calm down. I’ll explain everything.”
“If, and this is a big if, that guy is a surviving member of HYDRA, we're both in a shit storm. Especially you. You’re going to find yourself in a very dangerous situation.”
The elevator roared to life but Steve could barely hear it over the thumping in his own chest and their gasping breaths. Once the contraption came to a halt, Steve clutched Natasha’s hand, yanking her onto the new floor. He could see the front door in the distance, the couple running towards it. But they never made it, as a huge vibration below them knocked them both to the ground. He could feel the building shake as foundations started to crumble, the walls starting to crack.
Tony stepped back, trying to form an excuse when Steve yanked him back. Steve’s strong arms twined around Tony, bracketing him in a tight embrace. His lips were on Tony like a firestorm, pressing back even harder, pulling Tony even closer.
“No biggie, he says,” he heard Barnes huff behind him. Tony shot the man a dirty look over his shoulder.
Hill and Sam shared a look, no doubt debating all the reasons why a trip to New York was a horrible idea. But Steve didn’t care. He wouldn’t care until he saw Tony standing in front of him. He wouldn’t care until he knew he didn’t fail.
"Are you so sure?" Pierce replied. "Last I heard you wasted your one phone call on the man, and he couldn't even be bothered to answer."
No, Tony Stark was definitely not a cheerleader on the sidelines. Not this time. HYDRA had gone after his people as well; Tony had every right to see them burn alongside The Commandos.
Tony walked up next to Steve, handing him a fresh cup of coffee. Steve just shook his head, but turned to offer a small smile to Tony in thanks for the hot drink.
Tony immediately shouldered the burden himself and without question, like he was the reason that the problem was there in the first place. “You know, I do have a private jet,” the man said.
Tony had agreed. Steve had welcomed Pepper and Rhodey in, working tirelessly alongside them while Tony was in captivity. But to Steve, Obie was still an outsider. And with everything going on with HYDRA and now the Ten Rings, Tony was more than happy to hide their allegiance in the shadows. Keeping Obie in the dark was most likely the best way to keep him safe as well.
Steve nodded slightly, returning his focus to the scarcely filled room. The silence was deafening, everyone seemingly curling around themselves, leaving open spaces between them nothing more than unseen barriers, closing each one off from the others. The room was lifeless, as if he was viewing the scene before him in black and white. Gone, it seemed, were the days of camaraderie, of trust, of faith.  He found himself closing his eyes, fingers scrubbing harshly against his closed lids. “Where’s everyone else?” he asked quietly, opening his eyes to look at Clint.
Words were beyond Tony now, all he could do was raise a shaking hand to the left, directing Clint towards the other reactor. The other man dashed rom his sight, and Tony could hear the sound of glass shattering. And then Clint was back, sliding across the floor, arc reactor cradled in his hands.
He passed by a man fixing his car. Some kid blew past him, running off with some of his tools. The man calmly stood up, pulled a shotgun out, and mowed the kid down.
“He’s given us too much,” she muttered angrily, shaking her head. “Pierce will continue to be a threat as long as he breathes; prison bars won’t stop him from being the HYDRA’s puppeteer.”
“Alright then,” Steve said, giving Tony a nervous smile. “If you insist. Where are we going that’s got you all nervous? You look like you’re going to drop Bucky and I off at the docks for someone to take care of us,” he tried to joke. Tony was throwing up miles of red tape that basically screamed ‘
Tony could see the flurry of emotion flash across Steve’s face, but to Tony’s surprise, the blonde held it all in. Instead, he reached for Tony again, twisting slightly so Tony was encased in his hold. The two lay there in silence, Tony pushing closer to Steve, hoping the man would feel his steady heartbeat. “Tell me you’ll be alright,” Steve finally uttered.
And with that Steve stomped out the room. Tony yearned to go after him, but remained, finally looking up at the rest of the group. They were still silent, and all looking at Tony, as if hoping that he would be the one to laugh it off, telling them all it was just a joke.
“I know,” Tony smiled in response. And he did. She and Rhodey had been with him since the beginning. And they were here still. They were part of the family that he wouldn’t trade for the world.
Faint laps in the water over the jets was the only warning he had before Tony’s hands grabbed at his arms, pulling him closer. “Is this alright?” he asked as Steve fell into his embrace. “Not sure how you feel about the water, but I- ”
“It was, Obie. We’re not holding ourselves accountable. We need to look at the whole picture, and- ”
Steve sighed. “Listen, I have a contact at the police, I’ve got men scouring the streets for him, but it’s still not enough. It’s been
Clint walked out, back down the stretch of hallway and, after noticing that the receptionist had slipped away, pocketed a handful of hard candy she had sitting out on her desk. Popping one in his mouth, he stepped over to Tony’s office when a sharp voice coming from inside stopped him.
A.M. meant morning, which meant he never went to bed last night. A bed, with which his favorite super soldier had been in. Alone. “Time flies when you’re having fun?” Tony tried to joke. The glare that Steve shot him was answer enough.
Dismantling Riley’s father’s cooperation had been startlingly easy, but Sam had also been careful. With what he wanted to accomplish, however, Sam didn’t have the luxury anymore. So, he started to get less careful. Went loud and went fast. Riley would have appreciated that. He danced between rallies and protests, leaving with bruised knuckles and an escalating police record. He fought and vandalized, exposed and expunged. He’d stand tall on Capitol Hill, and scream and scream, and scream.
Rhodey hummed, bending down to pick up the gun that Steve had dropped when he’d basically jumped Tony. “My flight’s not until tomorrow. I’m sure I can pencil it in.”
“Don’t you see? It doesn’t matter, nothing matters. It’s too late; they probably already know you snatched me,” the man continued in between his laughs.
he couldn't help but think. Even though, Steve could see the other man wringing his hands with worry, his lips bruised from biting, his eyes weighed down by dark bags.
Weekends were always the worst. At least during the week, he could work his frustrations out by banging around in the scrap yard he worked at. If he could appreciate anything about this prison sentence, it was his job.
Clint had learned early on that the Captain didn’t have a fight or flight response. No, Steve had the fight
“Woah, woah, woah, slow down,” Steve placated. “Whatever it is, we’ll deal with it, just take a breath- ”
“That shipment has been here for weeks now. Wouldn’t Hammer have struck a deal already?” Steve continued.
“Exactly what I was thinking,” Bucky agreed. “It’s about time we get some answers. Besides, it’d be fun to finally get to kick around the people that held your boy for three months.”
“Tony, I’m so sorry,” Steve whispered, tears forming in his own eyes. “I didn’t know it was hurting you so much.”
But Pietro was already laughing. Tony groaned at the inevitable. Once Pietro started, there was no stopping that boy. “Well, it’s true,” he grinned.
at the time; a mob half-hazardly thrown together, a team consisting of every single clashing personality on the planet.
Steve leapt to the other side of the broken track and charged the oncoming train. Taking a deep breath, Steve braced himself as the speeding train crashed into him, the blonde’s feet digging painfully into the track below. Grunting in pain, Steve pushed harder against the unforgiving metal, his muscles straining. Slowly, the train’s speed decreased, Steve just able to stop the train cars from slipping down into the gap caused form the explosion.
“Well, that was the plan,” Tony murmured, unable to help himself, “but I have a feeling that getting you home safe will take precedence. Come on, Cap’s out back waiting. Home first, avenging rampage later.”
No way he was back to collect them yet. On one else should be coming up here, especially since a keycard was needed to activate this floor. Something wasn’t right. She looked back at Ward, who was also looking at the doors. They had hit the floor, but they still didn’t open. Someone was holding them shut.
He finished in the bathroom and continued his journey to the kitchen, pausing only to slip on a pair of underwear he passed on the floor. It was routine that had him flicking on the coffee maker, routine that had him reaching into the fridge for a breakfast of yesterday’s cold leftovers, routine that had him sitting in silence, listening to the faint clicking of the ceiling fan above him.
The song referenced by Riley is actually real, called Blood on the Risers. Para-jumpers used to sing it all the time during World War II. It's super haunting.
Phil knew he was being selfish, and was probably going to hell for even thinking like this in the current situation, but he thanked God that it was Barnes in the fire and not Clint. If Clint had been in there,
“You’ll see,” he responded, his metal hand scratching at the shadow of a beard that threatened to form. It drew a slight smile to Steve’s lips. Although Bucky had been wary at first, he was so at ease with his arm now. Besides an intermittent barb from Clint here and there, no one treated Buck any different.
“Take your men and increase the radius. Start clearing out any other civilians we missed. Looks like we’ll be getting a bigger firefight than we wanted.”
“No,” Clint interrupted. “I don’t want to hear any of your excuses. You should have been here. That’s final. There was no other job, no other reason for you to be anywhere else.
Steve nodded, grabbing his gun back and taking off after Stark. “We need a plan. Bucky and Clint are outnumbered out there.”
They were all ecstatic of course, their very first glimpse at a positive payout. Those few seconds, those five dollars, had made months of empty pockets and stomachs worth it. To Steve, it wasn’t even the money, or the flicker of hope of finally paying off some bills that made it worth it. It was the taste of success, sitting heavy on his tongue, singing through his veins. It made him giddy, as if he was a child again, sickly face pressed against the window as he eyed the people below, his imagination running rampant at the possibility of a life outside their four walls.
“I’d like one, yes,” his friend answered dryly. “We keep sneaking out here to do this, and it just… it isn’t right, Steve.”
They all came from a mold that his dad inherited from his own father, dating back to World War II. The mold had survived through the depression, Steve's grandfather scraping by to provide and entertain his children. While his dad didn't seem to follow the same sentiment, Steve's mother was adamant that they hold onto the small slice of history, taking the tradition into her own hands.  Even after his dad died, Steve’s mom would continue to save their milk cartons and melt them down, carefully filling the molds for Steve. She couldn’t afford to get many toys for him, not with the singular pay check - even though their finances increased after Dad died. There wasn't any more need to buy alcohol for him to drown in. Steve paid it no mind. He always thought he got the better end of the bargain by being able to create his own toys. His mom would gather some paint, and they’d spend an afternoon together. She’d sit and paint them with him, listening carefully to his instruction, always adding on more intricate parts with steady hands. Nurse hands.
The archer tensed, whipping around to find a frazzled Bruce Banner. The doctor turned to say something to the agent, but the kid had already scampered off to lick his wounds. Bruce swiveled to glare back at Clint, but he wasn’t having any of it. “Don’t give me that look, Bruce. Are you telling me you’re just going to sit here and watch them sift through all our stuff?”
The Red Skull snapped his head towards the two, quickly taking off in the other direction. Without a moment of hesitation, Tony pulled out his hand gun, firing at the retreating man, but to no avail. Tony wanted nothing more than to chase after the man and pump all his rounds into him, but Steve was the priority. The pair raced up to the now gaping hole in the river, the ice floating almost innocently atop the deep abyss.
Loki looked up at them, one eye already swelling shut from Stark’s right hook. “Ah,” he said. “I was starting to think you had forgotten about me. Tell me, Captain, which one of your lovely mutts will be taking care of me?”
Tony stared at the door, guards shouting on the other side as they started to thump against it. “Good point.”
“Yeah, but those gifts aren’t usually buildings, Tony,” Steve sighed. “Listen, there’s been a bunch of miscommunication here, and we need to- ”
Steve ignored him, kicking the door open and stomping up the stairs to the meeting room. Bucky was already in there with Clint, the brunette holding his now ruined jacket up against Clint’s side, stopping the still flowing blood.
It wasn't enough, as the hammer was swung down, two of Tony's fingers crushing loudly. Tony's scream echoed through the room, the man struggling harder against the thugs as they brought the hammer down again. Steve’s chest was heaving, his brain in overdrive as it screamed at him to help.
fine,” Steve grit out. He yanked Stark against him again, his temper getting the best of him. When he felt Stark flinch roughly under him, guilt poured through Steve’s veins, his harsh grasp instantly yielding. He spun Stark around, Steve’s head dipping down so he was eye level with Stark’s.
He leaned up, catching an eye of his old reactor, sitting what seemed like miles away. For a moment, he was two years old, staring up in wonder at his father’s workshop for the very first time.
But he was desperate. For all he knew, Steve was trapped below rubble at base, all alone. Tony recalled the brief consciousness he had when he was stuck under the exploded warehouse last month. It was horrible; awake and aware without being able to move.
but it was Hill that kept him out of the way. “Let them do their jobs,” she snapped. “We’ll get him help.”
Tony gaped at the large blonde. “I’m sorry, but whose side are you on? Did you forget how he lined Steve up for slaughter? Your brother probably had a hand in the bomb as well. That scumbag needs to die.”
Checking to make sure that all the blood on his hands had dried, Tony delicately picked up the sketches, idly sifting through them. He silently preened when he stumbled on his own sketch, the brunette making sure to put that one on the top of the pile. Maybe he did mean something to The Captain if he'd made the infamous wall of memories. Tony had seen the sketches many times, but this was the first time he could sit and sift through each one. He couldn't let Cap think that he was getting attached.
It was quiet except for the sound of silverware hitting plates, sometimes a glass setting down on the table. Well, that, and the constant humming that Tony was making as he tried to feed Peter his dinner.
“Here’s a list of everyone that was in the building at the time of the shooting,” Natasha said, handing Clint a small file while gesturing over to a small group of people that had been collected into the briefing room.
That’s why now, Steve was cautious about his response. He knew that the man needed space sometimes. He needed space before they were dating, so of course Tony would need time for himself now. And he knew that Tony wasn’t lying… exactly. Every trip down to the lab, with each table littered with projects that only Tony could understand, was more than enough evidence. But it was more than that. The way Tony had buried his face into Steve’s chest to avoid contact had been answer enough. There was something else going on.
Tony stood up slowly, surveying the now crowded room. Since they had thrown Coulson’s hat at his feet, Tony sprang into action. He wouldn’t dare give his captors another chance to attack another one of his people. Of course, there was no way in hell that he would make a Jericho for the Ten Rings, but Tony could just throw around a few technical terms and have those Neanderthals fooled.
Steve was sat at the edge of the bed, head down in defeat, rubbing at his hands nervously. “Hey, there,” Tony greeted.
The war was far from over, but for now, Tony was going to take a moment and relish in his continued heartbeat. And in the warmth of Steve pressed against him.
“Oh yeah, they warned me about you,” The Captain snorted sarcastically. "Is that why you went down like a sack of potatoes when I snatched you from the street?"
The apartment wasn’t much, more like a loft. Since the building had been abandoned for a few years, all of the furniture was cleaned out except for a some chairs and a small table littered with whatever food Nick Beattie shoved down his throat before fleeing.
Steve shouted, fighting against Clint, trying to reach back for the already sobbing prisoner. With another growl, Steve flipped around, grabbing Clint by his own throat and pushing him up the wall, Clint’s feet barely touching the ground.
The man gave Tony his usual small smile, now only making him want to be sick as Tony saw it laced with blood. “It’s alright, Stark. I want this, I want this.”
It was a wonder that Steve ever forgot that out of everyone, Bucky was the one who always cared the most. And of course, seeing the look on Clint's face when he could hear clearly for the first time in years made Steve's heart swell. So Clint found himself on the top roster, tagging along with Nat and Bucky, never looking back.
Tony shrugged. “I guess you make a good point. You’ll be dead soon anyway, learning your name would probably just waste my brain cells.”
Clint heard Steve call for him again, but he was already out the door. He ran into Bucky, but just grabbed the man, pushing car keys into his hands. “Get me to Phil.
Steve had bristled at the way people take everything for granted now. He sat and watched Clint scrape his leftovers into the trash like it was nothing, saw Natasha leave the sink on while she fetched the rest of the dishes. He couldn’t wrap his head around it.
“Yes,” The Skull sneered. “All those little secrets, locked inside that head of yours. Or so everyone thought.”
“Is this what it felt like?” Bucky continued, not even hearing him. “When you saw me after the fire? Because I can’t- ” Bucky sighed, voice breaking off with a croak. “I tried, Stevie. I tried so damn hard. I tried to help, I did, but it wasn’t enough. I’ve never been enough. Not when your Ma died, not when you lost Peggy, not with any of them. But this time, I really thought I could. I thought I knew what I was doing; I thought I could fix all the things I’d broken, and I…. I couldn’t.”
Silence descended over the room. “We did our best,” Steve croaked. “I mean, with all the shit that we’ve done over the years, it would be dumb of us to assume that we could just walk away from this. I know this is hard, and if you’re gonna be pissed, be pissed at me. I just have to believe that it’ll all work out.” Steve paused, eyes blinking rapidly. “It will be, it will be, uh, I’m sorry… I-I just need to- ”
He drove south first, than farther east, crossing a bridge and taking the most inconspicuous way he knew, zigzagging and making loops to throw off any tails. Once he was satisfied, Tony found a small parking lot and ditched the car; he would come back to get it later.
“Tony, you just made some pretty earth-shattering statements about your company today. It could be important.”
“You fucking idiot.” Steve tried to respond again, but Bucky cut him off. “What the hell were you thinking, Steve? Your face is probably going to be plastered all over the news by tomorrow!”
Lo and behold, Steve felt a slight tension in Tony’s body as his mind no doubt scrambled to come up with a believable answer answer. “I may or may not have procrastinated in more ways than one for this meeting,” Tony said. “You know that board likes it when I come in with something shiny and new for them to play with.”
Steve sucked in a breath through his teeth, muttering a quick breath. “I’m sorry, Tony.” His voice dripped with sincerity. Steve didn’t even like Obie. Said he had a bad feeling about him.
Steve watched as the rest of his closest confidants filled the empty seats around him, offering nothing but soothing smiles. Steve’s chest panged in guilt as his team, as always, came to him with open arms. That after everything he’d done, they could still sit next to him. He didn’t deserve it.
Tony waved him off. “No, no. If anything you probably did me a favor. Who knows what horrors my body would face if I stayed hunched over like that,” he said rubbing a hand on the back of his neck. “What time is it?”
His steps and the wheels of the stroller echoed loudly off the floor, putting Steve on edge. Whether if it was at home at the tower or here at base, Steve always knew if Tony was there just from the pumping vibrations of the rock music he loved. But here, in the stillness of the lab, only silence answered Steve. Ignoring the gnawing feeling in his gut, Steve pushed the stroller towards Tony’s section of the lab.
“The SSR was responsible for putting a lot of people behind bars,” Steve stated. That was, until HYDRA got sick of the status quo and murdered them all.
Steve cursed as Tony’s line went to voicemail again. His signal was still strong, so Steve knew that Tony was ok. But that meant that he was ignoring Steve.
There, on the edge of the collage was a photo, barely hanging on to the wall, ripped in half. Clint grabbed for it immediately, unable to stop the gasp that left his throat as he looked down at it.
Placing the apple down, he wiped his hand on his pants quickly before answering the call. “Hello?” he answered.
“Wait, there’s a bomb!” Steve reached out, grabbing onto Schmidt’s show, the two flying erratically in the air.
“Um,” said Bucky, starching the back of his head. “It was, well, I don’t really know, to be honest.” He paused. “Why?”
Yinsen shot him a small smile. “You have others waiting for you. You have your whole life with them. Don’t waste it. Don’t waste it.”
When Steve was little, he would wake up every morning, rising with the sun, and crawl out his bedroom window. The fire escape was rusty and old, but that didn’t stop the small blonde from scurrying up to the roof of the apartment complex each day.
Steve turned his head slightly, his ears picking up on a soft whistling. Taking it as his only lead, Steve left the lab, tracking the source of the sound. It wasn’t long before he found himself staring at a gaping hole in the side of the tower.
Sure enough, the silence was once again filled by a few shouts, followed by what Steve was sure was Thor gunning the running men down.
never got a scar like that. But that didn’t mean that his present self couldn’t get it. It all made sense. Someone had scratched the message into his present self’s arm, leaving his future self with the scar.
“Not sure how bright of an idea it was, now,” Steve chuckled nervously, rubbing at the back of his neck.
While most of The Commandos strength came from being such a close knit bunch, it was also their downfall. They didn’t do the whole grief thing well. Even a simple injury could lead to a spiral of murderous rage from a fellow Commando. But this was a completely different monster. It was strange, considering is wasn't as if their job description didn't include death. But after defeating HYDRA the first time, it was if they were riding an elongated high. They were untouchable, invincible to both crime and the law. And all it had taken was one night, one push of a simple button, and their entire world had been decimated. And while the blinding horror and rage had been replaced with giddy relief - the foundations of their life as they new it still stubbornly standing - the threat was still there. This bomb was only the beginning - and while they wouldn't be burying anyone tonight, no one will come out of it unscathed. The veil had been pulled back, the glass shattered around them. Tonight was the first glimpse of a potential and very harrowing future. His friends near death was one thing, but it had only been mere hours and Clint was lost in the city, unable to reach the rest of his team, unable to figure out what step is next.
It was odd, having pleasant conversation with the man. One could say they were almost friendly. Steve could see the extra effort Stark was putting in, and Steve was more than happy to meet him halfway. Although it was never discussed, he and Stark seemed to be on the same page that their first join operation was a complete disaster. With Rumlow dead, and the trail predictably going cold again, the pair made an unspoken agreement to learn from their mistakes and do better. Although he was never vocal about it, Steve was staring to realize that Stark had a lot to risk in this venture against HYDRA; just like he knew Steve does.
Tony didn’t remember the drive to SI, his speeding car echoing the thoughts that were racing through his head. There were already cops at the scene when they pulled up, but Tony didn’t even slow his movements. Killing the engines, he got out and began pushing through the crowds. A few policemen tried to stop him, but Tony snapped at them until they let them through.
The Captain frowned, turning back towards Barton. “I’ll give you twenty minutes. Try not to kill him.” And with that, The Captain stormed out, leaving the two alone.
Steve smiled at the color that had started to return to Tony’s skin, a beautiful olive with a slight flush around his cheeks. He ran his hand softly through Tony’s tangled locks before finally retreating out of the room.
Tony glared at the jumbled mess that lay in front of him. What had started as a new design had steadily cascaded into nothing more than angry lines and drunken doodles. He sighed, crumpling the paper into a tight ball, not even looking as he tossed it towards the trash can. Tony heard the paper hit the floor, but he didn’t look up. It’s not like there was any room in the trashcan anyway, as it was already overflowed with failed ideas.
“Well, tell him that if he can’t be bothered to pick up the phone for me, I sure as hell don’t have to listen to him!”
Do you know how many men I lost today?!” shouted Hammer. After Drumm had brought in the first body, Hammer had immediately sent him back out in search of the rest of the men he sent to deal with The Commandos. It had ended the same; Tony Stark still out of reach and more dead bodies laying at his feet. How that rag-tag group of imbeciles managed to mow down some of his best guns had Hammer seething in anger.
It was a short drive, one that Clint could tell everyone was happy about. Guns were loaded and ready as The Commandos poured out of the vans. Steve gestured over to the right, a dark man quickly joining the group, Clint assuming him to be Rhodes.
“God, he’s gonna kill me,” he chucked uncontrollably. “Well, no, he’s gonna kill you first, then me,” he clarified. He sent a smile over to his friend, freezing when he saw that he wasn’t smiling back. He wasn’t even looking at him, Steve’s eyes closed, his body still.
You know what’s sick?” Steve hissed. “Watching your home burn to the ground knowing that your family is on the inside burning with it. Do you think they screamed? Can you imagine how they felt? Trapped in a burning inferno as the skin melted from their bones. Do you know their pain? I do. I feel it,” Steve continued, pointing at his chest. “I can feel the flames in my body, the pains in my chest. I can hear their screams sounding in my head. So no, you don’t get to leave. You don’t get to run. They didn’t to run. They only felt pain. And that’s the only thing you’ll feel as well.”
Tony laughed again as he pulled the finally full mug from under the coffee machine, humming slightly as he curled around it’s warmth like a cat. That was until it was ripped from his hands.
Steve groaned, trying to force himself up. Someone was calling his name, trying to get his attention.
Sam heard Steve shuffling nervously next to him. “I’m sorry we can’t stay.” The blonde paused. “I’m sorry for a lot of things.”
Tony sighed, picking the photo up, tying to unfurl the edges. Even while holding the photograph in his hand, Tony still had some doubts that the scene printed on it could be real. Not real in the sense that he still hadn't manage to figure out exactly how Barton and Coulson worked - they were both reserved, sure, but Tony had a file on Barton large enough to know the kind of shenanigans he got himself into, while Coulson seemed to be the type of guy that organized his staples - but the reality of their expressions. They looked so happy, so carefree, like the photo was snapped at a suburban barbecue. How they were able to carve out a piece of happiness and carry it through the lives they led was... intangible for him.
“That’s why I moved out here! Away from the main city! People either think I’m a recluse or dead because I won’t go back there. I won’t hurt anyone else, Steve. I can’t. I hate myself for being the monster that can do this, but there is not a day that goes by that I think I made the wrong decision with Obi. And I know that there would be a day that I regret what I did today. So if you’re going to kill me, just go ahead. I won’t stop you.”
