“Bu’d I’m b’ery hun’ree.”
“Sherlock does have a point, Jawn…it’s nice to say please.”
"I c'n do'id."
Mycroft groaned. "Oh, God. You're a bigger baby than he is," he motioned to Sherlock as he sat back and held out his arm for Greg.
“I go starts water?” Sherlock asked, and was off like a shot before Mycroft could finish telling him ‘Yes, you may.’ “But no bubbles! Don’t add a thing until I get there!” he added quickly, resulting in a loud “AW!” in protest.
Sherlock turned towards Greg and hugged him in order to hide his face.
“Well, I would imagine so…that’s a common reaction to a good spanking.”
Months, at minimum.
"Yea', we got that bit," Greg sighed, adjusting the tray in his hands. "Sherlock, what do you say?"
"My'cobb make bes' ca'ge."
“Myc!” Sherlock shook the bottle of medication in front on Mycroft’s nose.
"An' bee'ds? An' th'eashell'th?"
"Yes Sherlock. What about your bottom."
Greg sighed when Mycroft went back to stroking him; "Any other secrets? Seriously."
Sherlock kept grinning in spite of himself as he pulled the tiny device from the box and, while ignoring the shouts of "WELL HE'S NOT LITTLE ANYMORE, IN'NIT HE??!!" and "THAT'S NO EXCUSE!", plugged it into his phone and began the process of installing the corresponding app. Though he'd never admit it out loud...he was actually pretty interested in trying out that fart-thing that Greg had suggested.
"I 'preci'ade G'eg."
"Bu'd I be quiet!" Sherlock begged again, clearly distressed at the thought of not saying goodnight to his Jawn!
"Sorry...the maroon cardigan goes very well with that shirt."
“Not in here, Jawn. Where is the paper?”
“What did I say would happen if you didn’t stay in your seat?”
“...You’re a crap sharer,” Jawn whispered after what seemed like an eternity.
“Can your
A stinging slap to his thigh causes him to gasp and he’s finally able to focus on Daddy's face, which, belatedly, Sherlock realizes is a mistake. The look on John's face, equal parts love, possessiveness, and ferocity is Sherlock's undoing.
“Sherlock
John hummed noncommittally, glancing at his watch. "You won't know that for sure until you've tried it. And since it's just about nap time..."
Taking a hold of Sherlock’s shoulders once he was done, Mycroft turned the weepy little boy to face him and deftly caught a wrist and its soapy hand before it could be rubbed against a teary eye.
Sherlock pouted; "Bu'd I am!"
The room was quiet except the gentle ‘nuk-nuk’ of a dummy and a thumb being sucked. They drifted off slowly, staring at each other over Mycrofts' chest.
"But...?" Greg prompted her.
Greg had nearly fallen asleep again himself, while sitting there patting the baby with his eyes closed. He got up begrudgingly.
"Green."
"Then he's not going to like being changed."
"How did you not know about this?" Greg asked. There was no accusation to it.
Mycroft propped his feet up and held the book open with one hand, using his pinkie to flip to the first page. He then cleared his throat, and began to read; “Once upon a time,” he began, wrapping his free arm around the boys at his side, his fingers curling in Sherlock’s hair. “There were four little rabbits, and their names were–”
“Again, Jawn. P'ease?” Sherlock begged, slowly opening his eyes that had drifted shut.
"Yes, I can see that. But it's such a nice top. We should try to keep it clean."
"Yes, I remember."
"Don't talk with your mouth full, darling...you could choke that way, remember?"
Jawn frowned and reached up to cover Sherlock’s eyes. “Don’ look!”
"I was sunbathing! He was supposed to be napping next to me."
"I foun' Peanu'd! She was y'os'!"
“You say’ed, uh, ‘fuck’.”
Sometimes. Sometimes he was cute when he was mad.
"Ice c'eam?"
"You sure? He's not going to fuss over who it is as long as he's havin'a cuddle."
"La'bender."
“My bay’bee.”
Sherlock shrugged.
"Bu'd is nah fa' us. Is fa' Bax'er n' Pea'nud."
"Or'der sh'ips an' gra'by," Sherlock murmured.
"Next time, dearest...I promise. What was the other movie called?" He put the baby's bottle in his hands and picked up the remote.
Across the kitchen, Mycroft was in search of something to nosh on. Eventually, he settled for the bag of salt and vinegar crisps and pulled the cellophane package open...
"I di'nah sass," Sherlock grinned, picking up the spyglass and pretending to watch what Greg's hands were doing.
Mycroft coughed, yawned, stretched...and then settled back and went still again.
"We have Snoopy plasters. We could cut em to fit."
Jawn blushed furiously and shook his head.
Anything with tall, sturdy bars, really.
"Too slow?"
The battered little detective's breathing was slow and shallow, and he still held his cup in his mouth with both hands. His eyelids looked bruised, despite having slept heavily last night, but as far as Mycroft could see, the swelling on his eye had gone down a bit.
"Aw, c'mon Myc."
“Are you right now?” Sherlock quipped, sending Jawn into a fit of giggles that nearly toppled him off the sofa.
"I pi'g G'eg jewels!"
Greg kept rubbing and patting, and rubbing and patting, and rubbing and patting until finally, Sherlock's breathing grew slow and shallow, and Greg could feel him turn to dead weight. "Christ," he muttered. "You're right. He's not going to let him go."
"Everybody else's dress fit them properly, muffin."
Jawn reached the door and flung it open, making it bang against the wall inside.
“Yes, I can see that.” John moved him to the side of the crib and ran a steadying hand down his back when he froze. “Come on, into bed.”
"B'eep y'oog di'ssy."
“In the refrigerator. Do you want some sandwich since you are starving?”
"Sherlock? Sherlock? Peanut needs a snuggle. He's not sure why you don't want to sit with him."
Sherlock reached for his phone first. It was off. He turned it on. "Already installed the tracking device?" he asked, not looking either of them in the eye.
"You just like sniffing him when he smells little and sweet."
John just shook his head again; he refused to be drawn into an argument. He walked into the kitchen. “Tea?”
"Bu'dd off!"
"...Oh."
Sherlock gobbled his last biscuit quickly and was clambering off of Mycroft's lap and up to bed to be with Greg. "Hi G'eg!"
Greg kept his arms firmly wrapped around the baby, going back to rubbing his back. "Yea', Mycroft. Stealin' all the batteries."
Sherlock stared at his hands quizzically; "Ba'dder ha'b eggs?"
Sherlock, upon hearing the drawers being pulled open, tried to sit up to see what G'eg was doing over there...but the twinge in his right side made him think twice. He winced and laid back on the table, pouting...that had hur'd.
“Mmmmm. There are two very smart consulting detectives in this flat. It’s a case worth solving.”
"G'eg?"
“Alright, Sherlock, that’s enough.” Mycroft gently pulled the baby away from Jawn, tucking him against his side. “Are you done with the grumps now, Jawn?”
"B'yanke'ds."
“Yes?”
“Nooooo. My’coff an’ G’eg!"
"B'ery 'por'dant in'pormations, G'eg."
Mycroft handed him the blue bottle, astounded that they'd gotten through that one without adding yellow speckles to Sherlock's green streaks.
Greg watched as the baby poked around the rest of his food sadly while still sucking on the fingers of his other hand. He sighed as he wrung the flannel out over the sink; "You know, they really are good stuffies."
"MY'COFF!" Jawn said, scandalized.
"Hand. Him. To. Me."
"My'cobb d'ess?"
Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose. “I promise, I won’t yell at you.” What could he have possibly said??
"Yuh'huh. Un'er wa'der faeries nee' san'."
Mycroft pulled the nappy bin from beneath the bed and took out what he needed to change two nappies. He ignored the huff the little doctor put on while rummaging through the drawer for something to wear.
“You si’d on'na ste’b if he n'ah there?”
Greg put a bib on Sherlock and handed him the other two to put on his bay'bees. "I don't think that excuse is gunna fly."
Greg turned, put his hands on the counter, then heaved himself up and sat on the countertop. "Only having a bit of fun after the two longest days of my life."
"All set?"
“Jawn.”
Mycroft and Greg shared a grin over Sherlock's head; "You're bein' adorable again."
Sherlock toddled along after him, his cheeks flushing a splotchy shade of red. "I'sh no'd a goo' hiding p'yace, G'eg," he said, wiping the sheen of sweat from his forehead.
“Jawn is going to clean all of this up when he’s done.”
"Here ya go, Nugget-I mean, Sherlock," Greg said, puffing into the kitchen. "Happy Birthday an' all that. Ta' many more."
“Ready!”
The little doctor squealed and tucked his neck down, giggling, then fell backwards onto the bed. When he realized what Mycroft had done, he stopped laughing and tried to glare at him again, but it was too late…and now Sherlock was in on the act.
"Wi'sh ones. I kee'b this one?"
"Ask him," Greg shrugged. "He's a baby but he knows his own tolerance."
"Right; and I don't expect to ever be cruel to you," John promised lovingly. "I care about you very much, and I never want to hurt you."
"We live in a literal ocean of dummies and yet we never have one for you to use."
“Cake?” Mycroft held a forkful of caramel smothered cake in front of Jawns' mouth.
Sherlock and Jawn cast wary glances at each other, neither making the first move, until Mycroft cleared his throat.
Sherlock looked down at the plastic fish in his hands and pouted. "S'eepy?"
"We've clearly misspoken." Mycroft handed the baby another cup of sugar; "...Slowly."
Jawn patted Sherlock’s cheek gently before handing his shoe to Mycroft. “Help?
It was Mycroft's turn to make a face; "Christ."
Sherlock sniffled up at him and started to mumble a reply around his thumb when a hiccup bubbled its way out instead, making his chest hitch.
"Bubb'as, G'eg?"
He sat back on his heels. "My'coff help?"
"You had a very busy day."
Greg stared at the little robot sitting on their kitchen counter. He didn't know where it had come from or why it was there, but...well, there it was, sitting there, blinking its lights at him.
"It happens."
“Jawn.” When there was no response, Sherlock opened the door and peeked in. Jawn was on his side on the bed, frowning his little heart out. Sherlock sneaked into the room and curled on the bed behind him.
“Chewy medicine?”
"Yes, you did...just look at Gregory's clothes."
Mycroft sensed what was wrong. "You can step behind us. We won't look," he said.
“Po’bscicle? Po’bscicle is bo’ff. P’ease? My’ti’la too?”
"Nope. Sherlock already has his jams on."
"Good lad." Greg (while being very mindful of his fingers) placed the pill into Jawn's waiting mouth.
"Glad you should ask," John nodded as he made a note on the pad of paper. "You do not have to sleep, but you must try. You do not leave the bed after Daddy puts you there, unless you need the loo or it's an emergency." He paused and then added. "A REAL emergency Sherlock. You will lay in your bed and rest. No books, no laptop, no smartphone. Just you."
Sherlock fussed, drumming his heels against the changing table; "Bu'd G'eeeeeeeg...!"
Sherlock chews his lips. "Redbeard, Daddy."
:-((((
"You gave him a bath and changed him."
"No, YOU said they were yours. And that you'll get me another pair."
"We don't want him to throw up."
"No running in the flat, Sherlock!"
Jawn squawked indignantly. “No tell the endin’! Where is your mute button?”
"My'cobb sh'ange?"
"I was teasing....maybe." Mycroft tossed the cloth into the sink and reached for Sherlock's hands.
Sherlock turned his head to the other side, facing away from Mycroft.
"Th'poon'th an' cup," Sherlock nodded. "Bee'bs Big Worl'?"
"Yea, Myc. It's for his birthday."
Mycroft hummed, and continued to pet Greg's hair.
Mycroft sighed…”Jawn, one more time, and I’m taking it away.”
Sherlock looked between Greg and Mycroft before putting on his brave face. "My'cobb!!! You come my birf'day!!!!"
Greg looked gleeful at putting Mycroft off center. "Maybe visit the tropics."
Sherlock sneered; “I’m getting botox.”
Greg's eyes widened slowly as he registered what Mycroft had just said. "Wait, what--?"
"...How big?"
“Perimeter alarm.”
"It wasn't five minutes ago." Now, Greg
Greg was still...well, pretty much lost. He set the watering can on the ground and looked at Mycroft with his hands at his sides, palms up as if to ask, "...How?"
Sherlock tucked his chin against his chest, feeling caught out and lost.
"It's your birthday, darling...you don't have to help this time." Mycroft turned Sherlock in the direction of the stairs; "Now do as I asked and go wait for us, this won't take long," he added, and sent Sherlock on his way with a kiss on the cheek and a pat on the bottom.
"Simply walked out a fire door, as the case would have it."
Jawn trailed behind, humming to himself.
Mycroft rested his chin on top of a mop of curls. “We never say these things,” he said, then paused; “...the most important ones.” He ran a steadying hand down Sherlock’s back, feeling him tremble. “There is no one on this Earth more important to me than you. And, I know for a fact, John feels the same.”
“Are not!”
"Depends on who'd be staying up with him tonight."
Not that it worked. But the idea that it might was still worth something.
"Noooooooo!" Molly giggled, feeling her face burn hot against her own hands.
Mycroft quickly tugged the sleeves of his pajamas up while Greg put a helping of chips directly on Sherlock's tray, and then loaded them with cheese curds and gravy. "Eat up, Muffin. There's plenty more!"
"No'd a y'ot."
The praise made his cheeks warm and his heart beat a bit faster, and also made other “feelings” start to happen. ‘feelings’ that should be strictly avoided with Mycroft’s hands pulling a nappy over his bits. “ 'Uck, Jawn.” Sherlock grimaced as he showed Jawn his saliva damp thumb, hoping to stop the barrage of praise. “''Uck.”
“I don’t understand why that’s funny.”
Mycroft paused in reaching out to help Greg down from the counter; that had almost sounded...disappointed. "I thought you were exhausted, as well?"
"I'm right here, darling."
"I think we can manage that." Greg threw open the lid of the trunk and watched Molly dive nearly head first into the thing, scaring himself and startling the bejesus out of Sherlock.
"Why?"
"You're very right, the loose ones will be more comfy tonight." Mycroft left the snug set of bee jammies on top of the dresser.
Sherlock perked slightly. "With peanut butter on toast!"
"Then I'm not sure. Can you give me a hint?"
John blinked hard at him for a few seconds before the pieces clicked.
"Oh. Yea. Y'ike her'bees. Bu'd I wan' i'd e'berywhere."
Mycroft gave him a look, since he had his hands too full to swat at him. “If Jawn draws worms, they will not be going on my refrigerator.”
Mycroft frowned; "he wouldn't have tried to play with it if I'd honored our agreement."
"The Sound of Silence."
"Y'os'." The emotional upheaval had had an effect and Sherlock was mostly asleep again, eyes closed as he flipped through the movies.
Mycroft carefully excavated Greg's yellow Geranium and handed it to him. "Such a clever boy."
"I'm b'ery hun'ree, My'cobb. I wan' fros'ing for dinner, o'gay?"
"Tha's Be'ff."
Mycroft wilted, seeming to shrink two full sizes as he sat down at the table, and put his head in his hands.
"Well, a captain doesn’t abandon his ship and crew when they need him!”
Sherlock glanced at the door before sitting up; "My Bax'er!" he said, beaming.
"Look at me Sherlock," John commands and Sherlock snaps up to look at his lover. His eyes dart down to where John is working his hand over the bulge in his pants. Sherlock, lacking self-discipline, lets his hand move down to mimic John's movements.
"You've taken excellent care of the baby. It's fine, I promise. I'm very good at multitasking...though I'm shite when one of those tasks is a film."
"I know, I've seen." Greg poured a small splash into Sherlock's bowl, and then his. "D'yah want to bring me one of your sippy cups, please?"
. You should wear the white one."
Jawn tapped at Mycroft’s elbow, “I know where he is…I think.”
“Shhhhh.”
Jawn blinked at Mycroft for a moment before steepling his small hands beneath his chin. Mycroft caught the gesture out of the corner of his eye and pressed his lips together tightly to keep from barking a laugh. Then he stood, sighed, and put his hands on his hips; “Sherlock HOLMES,” he called out, then waited for an answer. There was none.
"No, no...it's fine. We don't want him getting bloated and uncomfortable, either."
“If all the obvious answers are out, we go for less obvious ones!”
“No mint?” Jawn asked, wide eyed over his shoulder as he toddled down the hall.
“Cause I…I didn’t sit on the naughty stool.”
"You did'nah as'g. C'n ha'b Moana?"
"I y'ike d'at."
"My'cobb?!"
Molly blushed and ducked her head.
“Jawn was haw’d.”
"I still think tropical. Tahiti or someplace."
“You say’ed, um…” Jawn bit his lip. “Um, you sayed–”
"You're going to burn a hole in your throat that way."
Sherlock giggled for the first time in what seemed like months. "G'eg, t'ubble."
Sherlock, however, was beginning to get tired of wasting time. "He's no'd in there, My'coff!" he protested, sounding just as frustrated as they both felt.
"But...?"
Sherlock looked up at him, still not quite sure of where he stood in either headspace, but let his older brother guide him up the steps and down the hall, to their spare nursery.
“I always wanted one, but Mummy said no rodents. I tried to explain that they aren’t rodents, they are insectivores.”
"Lion King. Snow White. Little Mermaid...."
"Ah, good point."
"He is in your hands," Mycroft said softly, "with Gregory's and mine underneath yours."
Mycroft added the butter and sugar to the mixing bowl, then lowered the big mixer into it.
“...Alright," Greg said.
, much less take care of yourself, and it changes its mind and says 'fuck that'."
Molly looked up to see them all staring at her, and blushed again.
"Can the sweet bay-bee lift his bum."
“ ‘But he’ is in time-out, and during time-out, you aren’t allowed to have company.” Mycroft pulled Jawn’s trousers up and over his nappy, discovering that, once they were buttoned and zipped, they fitted rather snugly across the bum. “Can you get your shoes and socks on like a big boy?”
Sherlock nearly toppled out of the box in his haste to get to the proffered biscuits in Mycroft’s hands.
"Di'mon'th," Sherlock said around his thumb.
“You’re missing a spot, little man,” John’s fingernail picked at the dried glue, but it did not come off. Sherlock followed John’s direction and washed away the glue.
“A’mon. We a’posta be ma’ging My’coff no’d y’onesome.”
“You! You think you can tell everybody what to do! Tell ‘em what’s what, even if they know different.” Jawn had started to pace the length of the bed, waving his hands emphatically.
Now that he had Daddy’s full attention, he didn’t want it. Sherlock felt tears prick his eyes as he made his way back up the stairs as slowly as he dared. He wished he’d just sat on the stool to begin with, or better yet, just gotten into the crib.
"Fair enough."
"Bu'd I..."
"So....feed him prunes or something?"
Jawn nodded, his face hidden against the taller man’s chest.
"B'ery carefu'," Sherlock nodded.
Greg put a hand on Jawn's arm. "You can both have some; there's plenty to go around," he said, pouring the tiniest amount possible on Jawn's plate.
"He'd probably enjoy vegetables as a smoothie."
"Other than napping."
"Bring me a change of clothing for the baby. And a brush."
"If I could trust little boys to stay in bed through the night we may have been able to skip the crib."
"What if you are cruel?" Sherlock accused with the most adorable pout that John had ever seen. It was not a put on, but genuine, and John felt himself growing more attached to the innocent part of Sherlock Holmes.
"Though, if you'd let Greg shave this stubble..." he said, and rubbed his thumb along Sherlock's scruffy cheek.
"My'cobb c'n ha'b ki'ddy s'yippers."
"It's been...difficult," Mycroft agreed, watching Greg closely. "Water's boiled."
Jawn grinned as he shoveled chips into his mouth.
"We're gonna have plenty of cupcakes left to share, sweetheart, promise." Greg shook the towel. "Let's get your bum dry before you catch a chill."
"I'm glad you get to see it."
"Four. Show me four fingers."
"We'll see. What color ribbons should I use?"
"More sauce too, G'eg? B'ery import'ed part! P'ease an; f'ank oo!" Sherlock crowed as Greg put his plate in front of him and went to the freezer. "Wha's smol fry?"
Mycroft sat down and put another bite of pasta into his mouth, an eyebrow cocked at the little doctor. “Finish your supper, boys. Then it’s bath time.” Mycroft held a bite up to Sherlock’s lips.
“Mi’nigh’d sna’gs is a f’ing. Me n’ Sher’yock ea’d 'em all’a times.”
"Y'ah."
With no immediate response, Mycroft went back to his film, though he didn't enjoy it. He used his phone to rub Greg's shoulder, and surreptitiously cleaned the screen of his phone at the same time. As the credits rolled, his phone vibrated again.
“B..bbb'hav'rrr," Jawn sniffled, using a small fist the scrub at his eyes.
"Of course I did."
“...Yes, My’coff?” Jawn peeped, as innocent as you please.
"Yep, business as usual...just walking away instead of actually giving me an answer."
"Bis...bis'sit?"
"Such a sweet boy." Greg started to disrobe in order to get ready for bed. "I'll take him over in a minute so you can change," he told Mycroft.
"I'm not going to let you fall." Mycroft got Sherlock settled on his feet.
back teeth, remember."
"You hose him down in the garden and he's not eating or sleeping at all tonight."
"Mycroft's suits and my socks with holes in 'em are interesting?"
Greg got a bite of the baby's cereal on his teaspoon and held it to Sherlock's lips; "Small bite, muffin."
This wasn’t the little boy in trouble anyways.
"I c'n cra'g the eggs!"
"Ta'. I've worked very hard to make it that way." Greg stroked the uninjured side of the baby's face.
Sherlock giggled and reached for him the second he was back, clinging to his older brother like a little monkey with his mounds of pink skirt bunch around his hips. "G'eg turn, fina'yee!"
"You are wearing your clothes."
"And let me use my credit card."
"The sun doesn't agree much with you either. I blame Mummy for all my freckles."
"Did I say lay down?" Mycroft took Sherlock's hand and led them out of the play room.
“No! You’re not the boss of me, Myc!”
"I said 'chips', love," Greg chuckled, still holding his hand.
“I y’ove ‘em.” Jawn holds the mobile of frogs up that Nana made for him up, “they hasta go o’ber our bed bu’ you dumb bees taked alla room!”
"You can smell Mycroft's bath bomb from here," Greg said, as they entered the bedroom.
"I y'ike pee'za."
"We'll see how we feel when we get upstairs," Mycroft said while leading Sherlock to the staircase, where Greg caught up with them.
"Yes. Not until 'se'ben'. If it's not 'til eight, you and Jawn can split that biscuit." Greg's eyes closed the second his head touched his pillow.
The little detective sighed and rested his ear against his brother's chest. A few moments later, the humming became a duet as Jawn joined in.
“You did ask for it…literally,” the elder brother said, unperturbed, and tossed in another duck, this one red with a elegant pirate hat and a beard around its bill.
"I c'n ha'b dis one," Sherlock pulled a serving spoon out of the bouquet of them( i.e, the giant canister of wooden spoons and spatulas) that Mycroft kept on the counter.
"Probably, squealer," Greg dropped a kiss on Sherlocks' forehead. "Luckily he already knows my opinion on that."
“That’s a bit unnecessary, lad.” Mycroft took his little brother’s wrist and held it still after noticing the annoyed look Jawn shot them. Seems that someone was still a mite touchy about missing a green crayon. “So, how do they calm the Hulk down after a fight? Does he stay green forever?” he asked, picking out a brown crayon for himself, then a red one.
“Bu’d I–!”
"I want that flower, Myc."
Greg pulled on a t-shirt and got into bed; "Muffin! Come snuggle me."
"Well, I'm not." Mycroft took a meaningful bite of rice; "You might as well actually finish your dinner while I finish mine."
"No pan's!"
Mycroft smirked...okay, he had to hand it to the baby--that was a good one. "Except for batteries, you're right." He went back to patting Sherlocks' backside while they watched the movie.
“Mmmm, I remember.” Mycroft put the book on the nightstand and gently encouraged Jawn onto his tummy as he rambled on about vegetables.
Now that Jawn's belly was full, the effect of the pain medication and the stress began to take their toll, and soon had him feeling sleepy. His face drooped dangerously close to his pilfered pizza toppings.
"Nicely worded." Both men reached the top landing, and quietly made their way to the master bedroom. "You missed a good third of the story."
“Why come you ge’ded a sam’widge. You ea’ded pastas too,” Jawn asked, giving Mycroft a critical stare.
"There, that's all better, isn't it."
"Nee' f'ree eggs, My'cobb!"
Mycroft put his hand at the small of Sherlock's back and nudged him towards Greg. "You and Gregory go get washed up while I put the tools away."
“Bu’d you say'ed-!“ Jawn garbled.
"I don' y'ike it, G'eg."
While the two boys had seemingly called a truce (for now) and were babbling peacefully at each other, Mycroft sought out a flannel cloth, bodywash, shampoo, and…for Sherlock, at least…conditioner, as well as a cup.
"Sher-"Greg could hear a shuffling noise, but couldn't see the baby. "Now where did your little behind disappear too?" Greg grumbled to himself, poking his head back out the kitchen door.
"I'm just saying!"
"Yeah, but we need to find out where he went, muffin. That's the problem."
“I think this new information means the forfeit," Mycroft drawled, holding the little detective in place as he doused his hair in conditioner.
Greg stood and watched them for a moment; "...You're adorable together."
"If it happens."
"Daddy..." Sherlock asked, his mouth full of cupcake. John could have scolded him for talking with his mouth full, but decided that he did not want to ruin the happy moment.
"I can understand that...maybe better than most. Here, carry your bottle for Greg."
“There’s no need to shout.” Mycroft put his hand at Jawn’s back and got him walking out of the room, albeit begrudgingly.
Mycroft came up behind them and wrapped his arms around them both. "No one's going anywhere." He stepped back and patted Sherlocks' bum; "Now quit being soppy and do as you've been asked."
“Yes, I know. Thank you for sharing him with me today,” Mycroft whispered, gently putting Jawn’s bum on the bed.
Mycroft scrolled until he found it. "Oh, is this about a mermaid, too?" he asked, peering at the thumbnail.
"You didn't have anything but a nappy on him, too."
"Near kidney failure...'
Sherlock blinked, his mind working hard. "Bu' I'm 'posed'ta be the Da'yee."
"Once we're all clean and fed, Sherlock and I are g'unna veg on the sofa."
“I have to take a nap because you interrupted my conversation?”
“Do n’yot!”
“Settle down, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s chin dimpled and looked as if he were about to start bawling and stomping his feet all over again, but...well, being in little more than just a nappy with the most sensitive parts of his legs and lower bum cheeks exposed, he knew better. With a sniffle and a whinge, he whirled around and stomped off to the bathroom.
"You've got some red on you," Mycroft gestured to the red dribbles of soup down her front. "This will help."
Molly painstakingly took off her tiara; "...I really like my hair," she said, looking at it in the mirror. "Can I leave it u'b?"
"We need a camera. Why do I never know where my camera is?" Greg dug through his trousers for his phone.
"Yeah, and there's lots of pots in the shed." Greg placed a handful of ripe blueberries into a small bowl and gave them a quick rinse. "Do you want butter on your toast, muffin?"
"What kind of animal could I be?"
"...Gun."
pillow, and found not only Sherlock's bottle, but the damp spot that it had left.
"C'n I go wi'f you??? G'eg? I go too, G'eg? I go wi'f? P'ease?? G'eg?? P'ease, G'eg??"
"G'eg is a kitty! Or a mouse! G'eg a mouse!!!!"
"Not good?"
"Noooooo," Sherlock moaned through teeth that had begun to chatter.
"He needs trousers."
Greg felt the sweat prickling the back of his neck, but unlike Sherlock, he knew it wasn't all from the heat. But no, Sherlock was right of course...Jawn wasn't at the large, man-made half barrel full of waterlilies, or among the benches of ferns and assorted orchids and gardening tools. "Jawn, sweetheart, please come out?" he tried anyway.
"I'll try." Sherlock pouted, burying his nose in John's neck.
"B'eep nah ha'b a taked med'cine."
Mycroft gently prodded Jawn out of hiding. “He’s who the captain and the iron man must defeat?”
"Aw. See, that's why I wanted to do it; you've had 'im all day."
"No. But maybe we can have a digestive biscuit in a little while." Mycroft got up and took his plate to the sink.
"What the hell are we going to do."
Greg rested his head on Mycroft's shoulder; "Don't think I could sleep by myself."
Sherlock audibly gulped and made to head back down the stairs.
'No, no, no!' she said, stomping her tiny feet in a circle all around his palm. 'It took me weeks to find the most perfect flower! It can't just be any old bloom!'
Mycroft feigned surprise. “Oh, you’re not? However shall I continue through this life without a soggy little baby’s approval?”
Christ, how much salad had he put on Jawn’s plate!
Then there is the steadying weight of a forearm across his lower back, a strong hand clutching his hip through his suit coat and he relaxes back into position. The whipping continues long past the point of pleasure. His cock, which had been hard since John gripped his arm in the tube station, flags in disinterest. He’s lost count by the time John tells him to be quiet. He’s no longer able to keep from making noise; so he fills his mouth with the leather of the back of the sofa. It tastes of dust, but it allows him to obey.
"C'yean na'bby. Then more p'yayin'! No tri'gs!"
Greg poked his head into the nursery, with Baxter the Bunny getting half squeezed to death in his hands; "...Did they find Sally a home?"
"No," Sherlock said at last. Mycroft had expected him to lash back, full of fury and venom and ready to strike back just as hard as he'd been struck--
"My turn!" Jawn said, moving to take the fork back from Mycroft.
Greg ushered Sherlock after his brother as they made their way back to the kitchen. "What gave you the idea to start hiding things like that, muffin?"
Sherlock lifted his head and turned to look at Greg with big, glistening eyes; "I, I j'us' wan'ned a hel'b," he sniffled, blinking back tears.
"I was wondering if you'd be available to advise us on his condition."
"Become proper couch potatoes."
"No. Choc'ate, no'd med'cine."
"As long as he's eating." Mycroft put a sippy-cup of apple juice on the baby's increasingly-crowded tray before sitting down as well. He passed along a container of rice to Greg before taking one himself.
Sherlock took great pride in flipping the switch on the side, and watched gleefully as the big mixer began to make turns around the bowl. "I di' y'id!" he clapped.
The no-longer-little detective stood in the hallway, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. “Did you have a bad dream?” Mycroft smirked, his voice teasing.
“What? No, when did I say that?”
"Of course. What kind of flowers shall we put for Sally's house?"
“I'sh our secre’d.”
Wait.
"Pet, I don't remember buying glitter for our art box." John said, head in the broom closet, digging for the broom.
Mycroft went back into the ensuite; "I'm sorry, darling. Gregory and I couldn't decide if we wanted one million chips, or two million chips."
"Da'yee n'ah home."
Mycroft disappeared into the bathroom; "Remind me to take out the rubbish tomorrow."
"No f'ank'oo," Sherlock said, smashing a piece of purple play-doh flat with his fist.
"Why no'd?"
Now, Sherlock focused on the inside of the construction paper, heart shaped card. His tongue hung out of the corner of his mouth and his brow furrowed in concentration. His fingers drew his well thought out words in beautiful script. Way to beautiful for a little boy, and Sherlock paused with a frown. He nodded and went back to work, his freehand sprawling out a little bit more messily then before. The words read, "Dear Daddy, I love you. Thank you for being my Valentine and taking care of me. Love, your little boy, Sherlock."
"You di'id! My'cobb! They c'n hel'b you ba'ff."
"No."
Mycroft leaned in close to his little brothers' ear. "Would you like to give Molly a hug before she leaves?" he asked, and Sherlock nodded before trying to sit up.
"I'm aware; that's why we're outside."
"Is this how you want me, Daddy?" Sherlock has to suppress a smirk at the shiver that runs through John, he's glad he's not the only one coming undone.
"G'eg say'ed I c'n ha'b his."
Mycroft listened carefully for sounds of the little doctor, but heard nothing. “I think we’re on our own finding you a different dummy.”
They lapsed into silence, listening to the slowing *nuck nuck* sound of Sherlock's dummy.
"You twit."
It was quiet behind him. He kept his back to them because he knew if he turned around and saw the hurt and confusion on their faces, he’d be lost.
Greg turned his cheesy grin on his lover. "It made him happy though, Myc."
""Bis'sit?" Sherlock sniffed, looking down at his hand.
“Yeah, come out now, please bub,” Greg said under his breathe.
"With your fork!" Mycroft scolded as Sherlock ate a handful of Pad Thai out of his palm.
"Don' tell My'coff 'shu'yup'."
Two down, two to go.
"I y'ub pi'yates!"
“Bu’ I don’t want tooooo!” Sherlock fussed as he collapsed into the vacant space Mycroft’s bum had left on the couch facedown, bottom up.
"You din'nah as'g."
"S'itches. Owww'sh." Sherlock tipped his head back and gently touched his stitches for Mycroft to see.
Sherlock just laid his head against Greg's shoulder with a shaky sigh. He'd been awake for less than ten minutes, and he was already worn out.
"Awww, I misheard, I'm sorry."
No answer. And Sherlock was giggling.
"Well, yeah...that's a good rule, I suppose." Leave it to Mycroft to take the only fun out of having a cast.
"How about some pizza? We have pepperoni and cheese." Greg caught his wrist and pulled his slobber covered hand away from the rest of the food
“Cause he’s really a Bond villain."
"Faeries like terracotta pots for some reason. So those. And sweet smelling flowers. And pretty stones."
"Bubb'as now?"
"My'Tilla ge'd owww'sh."
"You're going in that green number with the poof on the butt."
Jawn nodded quickly.
"You have your moments."
“No,” Mycroft said, coating Jawn liberally in powder.
"I dun' know." Sherlock pulled the lid off the bin, taking out a cup of pink doh. "I jus' wan'nid."
His thoughts were interrupted by a wad of bunched-up fabric being shoved under his nose. Mycroft cleared his throat; “Well done, Jawn…very good job using your listening ears.” He held the trousers up and made a slight face; “Are you sure this is what you want to wear?”
Jawn stared up at him, a tiny little wide-eyed thing covered in streaks of toothpaste and the tip of his finger hooked in his mouth, when his chin started to dimple.
“I’ve seen your usual attire; I assumed you’d be at home in another bollocks-crushing outfit.” Mycroft smirked into his tea; “and watch your mouth.”
"Checked himself out?"
Well. That explains the smell of armpit.
"Bo'ff!!!"
"That's very sweet of you. But I think they'll be fine living in the garden."
Sherlock nodded, Jawn looked a lot better than when he'd been crying on the nursery floor.
“Shhh…you’ll stay right here.” Mycroft pulled his wallet out to pay, with Sherlock’s elbow hooked within his. “You can play after you eat.”
“I ‘unno.”
Sherlock immediately started to crawl down the hall after Mycroft. Jawn dawdled in the kitchen. “Come along Jawn, we don’t want to have to change your name to Captain Jawn Wet Pants,” Mycroft called out.
“Good job, baby.” John knew how much Sherlock liked his words of praise, and he tried to offer them as much as possible.
"My'cob???"
"Hush."
"It's not going to do him any better if he sees either of us lose out temper."
Mycroft sighed. "Hold on a moment," he told Greg, and went to fetch a bib.
“No u’b, Daaaaa,’” Jawn whinged, going boneless as Sherlock tried to scoop him up.
Greg wrapped his arms around the baby and held him close, petting him while he had a cry. The little mite had been through a lot in the past week, and most of it was still catching up with him.
"Yessssss! Also if you ha'b a tiara....if you ha'b two tiaras, Sherlock can wear one!"
“I don’t need a nap.”
Sherlock then helped him into his coat, while Mycroft put on his own. His nose wrinkled as he caught a whiff of baby powder and milk in the lining.
Sherlock dunked a fresh roll into the sauce and crunched happily, while Greg sat in his seat and opened his container of green curry.
Jawn huffed a sigh before plopping his stuffed puppy onto Mycroft’s chest. “Where’d all'a ones you had?”
"I was mad a'd him."
Sherlock whinged again and stomped his feet.
“But I’m looking forward to it now!” Sherlock tugged again, his face growing stormy.
"Yea. I figured," Greg opened the plaster. "We're going to do like last night and make a plaster spider."
“I can’t believe--well, I can believe it, actually. Why did you even put it in there if you didn’t want me to have it?” Jawn asked, his anger slipping in the face of Sherlock’s tears.
"I'm sure Sherlock would be amenable to watching it again tomorrow. He's going to be sore so he can probably be wrangled to watch the whole thing."
"I nee' d'is dress a'd my house!"
"Your intentions are noble. It's your execution that needs work."
Sherlock yawned around his dummy, and accepted the soap Mycroft squirted on his hands. He stood motionless in front of the sink while his big brother dried Jawn’s hands with a dish towel.
John scoped the large coat off of the coffee table and left a cup of tea there. “So is this a social call or have you come about a case?” John asked as he hung Sherlock’s coat on the peg in the hallway.
"We'll see." Greg quickly got a nappy under Jawn's bum. "I'm guessing green jams?"
"Alright Pet, let's put you to bed for the last time tonight."
"Shhhh," Mycroft said again, going back to patting Sherlock's bum. "He's very, very tired."
Sherlock hugged his stuffies to his chest. "Wai'd?"
"So good at counting. Munch-munch." Mycroft handed him one more.
Sherlock snorted and fought not to flinch because of the sensation it caused. "Yes, it--!"
“What co’doring?” Sherlock asked, tilting his head back to peer up at his brother, chewing on his thumb.
Stepping out of the shower, he barely dries off. The glisten of his skin and his curls sticking to his brow are part of the plan. He wraps a towel low on his hips, making sure it hangs at the perfect angle. A final look in the mirror and Sherlock shakes his hair, beads of water flying everywhere. Yes, this plan is perfect. Not even John Watson can resist his careful calculations of sex appeal.
"No, boy" John growls, “tonight, I want you like this.” John maneuvers Sherlock onto his back with a pillow under his hips, legs open wide, knees nearly at his chest. John gives him a foreboding look, snapping his fingers sharply. "Stay."
"Perfect. Neither of us will remember."Mycroft sat down on Sherlocks' other side, with a plaster, ointment, and scissors in his lap, as well as a wet flannel. "If we wet it, it may not hurt to take off."
John pulled out a tray of brightly colored cupcakes, each cake was decorated with frosting to look like one of The Muppets. Sherlock watched the old television show with rapt attention and could often be heard humming the theme song to himself, even when he was big.
"S'yoff!"
“Let’s go back into the sitting room. We can watch another film while you play with your treasures.”
"It won't be his first. And doubtless his last."
"Sma'yer f'yat," Sherlock said as he caught up and gripped a handful of his brother's shirt. "An'
Mycroft huffed a sigh, his chin dropping to his chest. Of course the clever little prat was going to distract and misdirect in the hopes of getting out of cleaning up.
"I haven't reached the end of the story, now have I?"
"Stop your shoutin', he's with me!" Greg called out, and Mycroft appeared in the doorway.
“Good boy, come into the nursery.”
Mycroft gently wiped the corners of Sherlock's mouth and chin. "Not at you, sweetheart."
"Also because they are the best of friends."
"Maw'yee c'n try alla dresses."
Jawn looked around for some shade, preferably far away from everyone and everything annoying. The big, wooden climbing castle was one option...but no, he'd been over there earlier and there were wasps. G'eg had mentioned playing somewhere else until they could spray around for the nest.
Mycroft scowled at him. It was difficult to know when Sherlock was being a shit, and when he was genuinely too small to understand. This instance seemed to be the former, so he acted accordingly. “That goes in the sink,” he said, turning Sherlock and sending him on his way with a swat. “As well as any others that you can find.”
Sherlock looked around the room again and frowned, making his nose crinkle. He looked back at Greg again and stared for a moment, before narrowing his eyes; "... B'yue in'na te'yesco'be?" he asked suspiciously.
Sherlock nodded emphatically and waited until Mycroft sat down before settling at his brother’s feet. “Uh-huh…bubba’s!” he chattered, bouncing excitedly while he watched the man tear off the perforated plastic wrapping.
"You know damn well I wasn't referring to actual infants."
"You...are...adorable." Mycroft pinched Sherlock's cheek.
"Language." Mycroft let them into the kitchen and went to the cabinet and pulled out a pink cup. "Will this one work?"
“Jawn SMASH!” Jawn shouted, smashing the Union Jack pillow onto the floor.
"You're still welcome to stay, Molly."
"My faerie house still needs a garage. My faerie drives a magical car when her wings get tired," Greg handed Sherlock the pot of beads and watched him shake them out, keeping them off Greg's stone G.
"I dun' nee' so'gs."
"...How did John make him dehydrated."
"Are we talking about my eyes, or my tan?"
"Hate to spoil the secret, love, but I actually have those pictures in your file already," Mycroft smirked.
"Look at me, Sherlock." John demands. "I want to watch you come undone."
Sherlock slowly unwound himself from Mycroft until he was sitting on his own on the sofa, his eyes wide and wet.
“So good. So tight… so…” Sherlock screams as John begins to rapidly massage his prostrate with no mercy. He cums, loud and with energy, but John knows that it’s dry and it must hurt.  This time when Sherlock falls onto the bed, John lets him lay. He pulls his fingers out, causing Sherlock to moan. Wanton little shit; he's spent and still wants Daddy’s fingers in his arse.
Sherlock squeaked in delight and obediently turned to Greg, mouth open for a bite of soup.
“No. Pink is very fetching on you--matches your bum perfectly.” Mycroft quickly got Jawn nappied and dressed as well. “And anyways, you’ll be sleeping most of the time you’re wearing them.”
"Wonderful job. Here, do the same with the other two, and then we can pick our flowers."
Mycroft switched from patting Sherlocks' backside, to combing his fingers through his hair. "What about the chicken? Do they not show him very much either?"
“He’s clearly had a bump to the head. We’ll take him to A&E straight away.”
"He might be hiding," Greg sighed. "He wasn't very happy with me earlier. JAWN," he called; "It's time to go inside, love!"
"What?"
Greg sighed...those spots were going to be smarting something terrible later. "Yeah, we're done...let's rinse the bubbles off and you can get out, okay?"
"Hush." Mycroft twirled his umbrella in his hand as he eyed the handle. "But how...how do you think he's going to handle all of this in the morning?"
A single red-rimmed eye made an appearance, followed by a nose and half a mouth. “…’m sorry,” he mumbled.
"Thought you might." Greg waggled his fingers to get Sherlock to take his hand. "What do you say, big boy? Are you hungry? Thirsty?"
He reached down to rub a sharp cheekbone with his thumb, attempting to settle him. "Have I ever been cruel to you before, love?"
"Get the ones with real fruit. And the sour ones."
Mycroft rolled over and turned off his bedside lamp. "She finds her parents."
“Come along, boys. It’s dinner time.” Mycroft sat himself at the middle place setting, scooping a bite of pasta into his mouth. He’d like to eat at least part of his meal while it was still warm, thank you very much.
"You've had a little too much sun today...we're going to use a bit of cream on you, so you tan nicely."
"You desperately need a bath. Did you take any pills today?"
Mycroft curled his lip at the whole spectacle, and slowly pushed his plate away. "Neither am I, suddenly."
"It has anti-inflammatory properties, so that makes sense. Though, talk about mess..." Mycroft sat back with his glass in hand, thinking.
"One shee'b," Sherlock said around his dummy, having gone still against Greg's chest.
"And you will be, just on the other side." Mycroft patted the cushion next to his side. "Come on, there's a good lad."
Sherlock juts his chin for a moment defiantly before flopping on top of the covers with a huff, rolling on his side, facing away from Daddy.
"Joo'sh?"
"Noooooo!"
"I've been on the internet, Sherlock. And I would hardly call those people 'regular'."
"They're fine. Plastic fish don't make good sauce."
“Ssssssss! Gotsa be quie’d,” Jawn said, squeezing Sherlocks' hand as they trundled up the steps, fuzzy blankets wrapped into ruck sacks over their shoulders and carrying a small army of stuffed animals.
"I'm sorry, love, I'd need to scrub your kitchen before I'd be willing to cook in it. And I'm still not your housekeeper."
"Maybe you and Peanut can help him finish."
Perfect. They were both tiny and eager to please.
“Yes, I know he did,” Mycroft sighed…he knew where this was going already, having had the same circular argument many, many times over today. “But I’m asking you to pick it up, because you’re a very good helper, aren’t you?”
in headspace,” he said, smirking to himself.
Mycroft was feeling pleased with himself, until a certain you-know-who had to chime in with a derisive snort; “You can take dummies out, Jawn.”
“It-it… it hurts,” Sherlock mewls as he gets back onto his hands and knees.
“Don’t chew on your thumb, lad…” Mycroft said, taking him by the wrist and gently moving his hand away. “There’s all sorts of nasties that live to live under fingernails.”
"Logic tells me that yes, he is being sincere," Mycroft continued, cutting his brother short; "but then logic takes a look at your face and notices how much you're struggling just to
"You, um, you c'n y'ook in'na, um, in'na mirror."
“How so?”
"You dun' nee' pan's if you ha'b on a d'ess. I hel'b," Sherlock's nimble fingers were at Greg's flys.
"Turn back on the panda movie then," Greg said, and then could virtually hear the eyeroll from his lover's direction; "No...oh look! I love this film. A French revival piece from the 50's."
John's hand continues its barrage until the bottom over his lap is bright red and warm the touch. The spanking stops as abruptly as it started and Sherlock barely realizes it’s over before he is being ushered off of John's lap and onto his feet. He sways a little unsteadily, his legs gone a bit wobbly, but John has a firm grip on his arm. John is looking into his face, searching for an answer, which Sherlock can only assume he finds because John leans in and brushes his lips across Sherlock's cheek before using the grip on his arm to turn him and march him to his own bedroom, peppering his ass with swats all the way.
Dear Lord, this day..."Yes, Jawn--your cup. The one you picked out. With the turtles."
Sherlock fumbled his phone, nearly dropping it. He couldn't remember the last time he'd heard Mycroft curse like that.
"I'd ma'ges me s'eepy."
How could John not notice? Sherlock flips open the towel, the hand on his cock fully exposed now. If he doesn’t answer, surely John will glance up. He strokes, harder and faster, bringing his erection to its full tumescence. Then he thinks about John again; picturing the doctor’s hand on his cock draws a groan from his throat.
"S'oopy?"
"Sherlock...did Jawn hit his head? Greg asked, letting the urgency he felt slip into his voice.
Mycroft began to place foil cupcake liners into the muffin tins. "Hurry, children...let's get these in the oven before our dinner arrives."
“What did I tell you when you first picked your prize?” Mycroft ignored the heat in the little doctor’s gaze and offered a hand to help Sherlock to his feet.
Mycroft sighed and stood up. "Remember how I said you couldn't afford me?"
Sherlock took his dummy out. "Mo'bie, My'cobb?"
"Tha's farts!" Sherlock giggled, waving the phone over his head.
“Sherlock did it,” Jawn said absently before crowing in victory as he pulled a large plastic tub of crayons from underneath a stack of half finished ‘arts’.
"It's fine," Mycroft replied, and continued up the steps. "He forgot that he has stitches, that's all."
"Aw...I'll clean him up, love." Greg quickly ran a couple of flannel cloths under warm water, wrung them out, and then brought them over. "You go back up to bed; I'll clean all this up and bring him back in a minute, sans frosting."
in your closet!" Sherlock pointed an accusing finger at Greg.
Greg's face turned an impressive shade of red. He could feel the baby start to tremble against him, and when he ran a hand up Sherlock's back, gritted his teeth when Sherlock winced and gasped. Greg lightened his touch and put kisses onto his nose in apology.
“Alright. Scootch over.”
Molly frowned and rested her chin in her hand with a small huff; "...Wouldn't be a mess," she mumbled as she picked at the sequins along her dress.
Sherlock’s face fell into one of genuine disappointment. “P’ease?! Jawn sing?!”
'Yes, you! Have you seen a bunny run through here?!'"
"Oh, yeah? How many worms have you eaten, then?" Greg held up another spoonful.
"P’etty,” Sherlock said, feeling the need to add to the discussion going on without him.
“Eat your lunch, Sherlock,” he said, popping the dummy out of the baby's mouth.
Sherlock looked around at all the drawn, serious faces around him. "...E'bry one mad?"
"No more popsicles tonight, sweetheart...let's save some for tomorrow."
“Yes it is. ‘Cause I’ma bad boy and don’t stay in bed.”
“Um, My’coff?”
"Good boy...go ahead and sit up."
"Nooooo...my cu'b!" Sherlock said again, and pointed.
"G'eg 'member bis'sits?"
"I'm sorry. I forgot. Greg is g'unna be so
"I ge'd ol' y'ike My'cobb wai'ding."
Sherlock nodded; “Jawn’s a chewer!” he said, opening the tin with superheroes on it. “There’s lots and lots of Hulks left, and lots of Captains…I used all the Iron Man’s, though,” he added. Sherlock was just as chatty when he was Little as he was when he was big (if not more so).
Sherlock slowly followed after Greg, keeping close to him and well away from his brother.
Sherlock shook his head ‘no’, and his bottom lip began to tremble.
"Smack his bum and put him back to bed."
“Sherlock needs a nappy change before we start the film, does Jawn need to be changed too?”
“He din’nah co’ber u’b b’ery goo’.”
Jawn and Sherlock untangled themselves and went to sit on opposite ends of the sofa. Sherlock sat sideways on top of his blanket, rubbing his cheek on the soft material draped over the back cushion, while Jawn curled into a tiny ball underneath his blanket with only his nose visible.
"You wanna use Greg's spoon?"
“You hate when I try to care for you-“
"A romantic holiday was what I was hoping for."
A huge stream of color flooded the cup; "...One."
"Do you want to bring any special toys with you?" Sherlock shook his head and slipped a thumb into his mouth. "Maybe we'll have a peak in the toy box before we leave."
He had forgotten just how annoying glitter was, how it seemed to get just about everywhere. The intention had been to write 'Happy Valentines Day Daddy' in glue and pour the glitter on top. That had not exactly worked, and now the glitter was all over the floor, the table, and even in his hair. Oh well... that could be cleaned up later. This project was too important.
“He was sorta big this morning. I tol' him to wear somethin’ else.” Jawn stooped to pick up his dummy, shoving it back into his mouth before Mycroft could protest.
"It was perfect" John reassures, pressing his cheek into his boy’s forehead. "And I intend to be doing quite a bit more of it in the future." He can feel Sherlock's smile against his skin.
Sherlock gasps from the inexplicable fullness and the press of Josh's cock against his prostrate. Before he even realizes what he’s doing, he pulls back from John's kiss and nips at John's bottom lip.
"Of course. Royalty have become reality stars. It'll be perfect." Mycroft sat in a chair and nursed his own tea.
Sherlock blinked up at Mycroft. "Wha'd?"
'Baxter?' Billy hurried through the brush toward the noise."
"Just get his bare bum in the house, Gregory, before he gets a chill."
Jawnn giggled, and barely, sorta'-almost-not-at-all noticed when Mycroft closed the front of his nappy and taped it shut. “I love sprinkles.”
"You named the skull Billy? Really?!" Mycroft gaped at his little brother, arm holding the bottle falling to his side.
"What color dress do you want Sherlock?” Greg near shouted over the squealing little girl who was tearing through their collection.
“Jawn.”
"Close your eyes," Mycroft said; "Picture what you're wishing for, then wish very, very hard and blow out your candle."
“Sherlock. Why don’t you find us a table?”
"Yum." Sherlock sat up with a groan; "Owww'sh."
“Nooooo, na’ fair!” Sherlock wailed.
"And make fairy houses."
“If that’s the way you want to go about it, fine with me. You go stand in that corner,” Mycroft pointed to the opposite wall with his elbow. “And Jawn will go stand in the other-”
“Little boys cry, Jawn. I’m sorry I made you think it wasn’t okay.”
"Shall we shower then?"
"Not now. Get the watering can and fill it up." Mycroft kept a hold of Sherlock's wrists as the baby whinged and struggled against him. "We're going to take a nice shower in the greenhouse, with all the flowers! Isn't that going to be fun?"
"What's wrong?" he asked, coming up the stairs behind them.
"Have you felt how soft that thing is? With all the blankets and pillows and stuffed animals? It'll be like sleeping in a cloud."
"I'm going to take him into the house, can you-"
"He came straight from you to me," Greg murmured at Mycroft. "He wasn't digging in your office, or heading out the front door." Greg put his hand in one of Mycroft's back pockets and gave him a squeeze. "He's learnin'."
“I know you wouldn’t hurt her on purpose, Sherlock. But you could have hurt her pitching a fit and knocking the stool down the stairs. That is more than a bit not good.” Sherlock nodded his agreement. He’d never forgive himself if something happened to Mrs. Hudson because of him.
"Yes, 'oh'." Mycroft looked over at Sherlock, who's attempts at frosting cupcakes were becoming rather more...uncoordinated, let's say. "Do you think you can stay awake for cake and presents?"
Sherlock sniffled and blinked back the tears that were starting to form and sting the corners of his eyes. "M'nod c'ying," he mumbled as he lifted his leg and ever-so-carefully eased into bed without disturbing his brother.
Jawn held Mycroft’s hand on the walk home, glancing over his shoulder every few steps to see Sherlock trailing behind them.
"No." Sherlock carefully picked up his flower and put it into the flower pot Greg had put near his hip. "My po'd," he murmured to himself, carefully picking up his flower, pot and all, and tromping back across the floor to the potting soil.
Sherlock turned his head away and grunted as he tried to sit back up…he wasn’t a fan of being restrained, never had been. “No…NO, Myc’off...up, up!” he pleaded when twisting and turning didn’t work. He didn’t like how his brother always (or at least 80, maybe 85% of the time) managed to be stronger than him. “Up now!”
Greg patted Sherlock's bottom as the baby snuggled him. "I wasn't the one who unpacked the shopping, dearest."
"The Little Mermaid. You've forgotten watching it 72 times in a row?"
Mycroft smiled at him. "Alright, then. Here, let's sit you up so he can see what he's doing, darling."
Sherlock, who was still sucking his fingers, craned his neck to see what the grown-ups were doing; "...G'eg? Ice s'ceam?"
Sherlock bit his lip as he stared up at Daddy through his curls. He opened his mouth to retort but Daddy's cocked eyebrow stopped him. Sherlock turned and read the rule off the page, “Sherlock will not unnecessarily risk his health or safety."
Sherlock pursed his lips, seriously considering.
"Then yes, you little nugget, that's cheating. I can't see my own eyeballs."
Mycroft gave him a squeeze and they sat quietly until Greg pushed a wheelchair bound Jawn into the waiting room. The little doctor's arm was in a sling across his chest and his pupils were blown wide from his meds.
The first few thrusts are tentative, and Sherlock relaxes just a fraction before John sets up a punishing pace, slamming his hips into Sherlock’s rapidly bruising flesh. John has never taken him like this before and it takes Sherlock several minutes to realize that this must be part of his punishment too. His cock, which had shown renewed interest when John was fingering him, tries to bury itself inside his body.
"Mu'ppins an' cu'bca'ges for b'ekfas'."
Sherlock squealed as Greg caught his wrist and kept him from sliding out of bed. "MY'COBB!l
Both men let out a breath of relief when Jawn finally reached the last step and made it to solid ground. "Well done!" Greg said as he reached for Jawn's hand.
Sherlock took Jawn’s smaller hand in his own. He was practically vibrating with excitement; when John was the Daddy, there were far too many vegetables and far too few chips. He swung Jawn’s hand wide as they hurried down the steps after Mycroft.
"You pick the last one."
"As cold as it's going to get for now, sweetheart," Greg said as he sat down across from Mycroft.
!” he shouted over the noise.
"Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock," Greg caught the baby's fingers and gave them a kiss.
Mycroft pushed the point of the umbrella down. “I’m going to be taking MY umbrella back, if neither of you can treat it properly…and you can have your dummy back later, not now.”
Sherlock sat back in his booster, thumb in his mouth, and was staring down at the food Greg was putting on his tray, his brows furrowed with distress.
Sherlock hesitated for a second before pulling the valentine out with a flourish. Loose glitter rained down over them both.
"Perhaps you'd be willing to have this melt down-"
"Won't he just sleep most of it?"
"Yes, he would wander too far without paying attention, and all of a sudden he would look up, and not know where he was."
"Finger food."
Mycroft turned off the mixer and handed the baby the sifter. "I'm going to put the flour in here, and you are going to sift it into the bowl, alright?"
"Mmmm, perhaps."
The only way that he knows that the whipping is over is because he hears the buckle of the belt clatter against the floor. He can hear the click of the lube cap over his own harsh breathing, but is still surprised when a slick digit presses at his entrance. He moans into the sofa leather as he is breached. His cock jerks in interest as John pushes in fully. John doesn’t give him time to adjust, moving his hand in steady strokes before Sherlock is ready. He hasn’t been touched like this since three nights before he jumped. He’s tight, and it burns.
"I ha'b g'yoves," Sherlock cheered, pulling the lace glove on over the satin one.
“Don’ wan’em!” Sherlock whined, turning his full body away in his seat.
"Elepan'ds isn't peoples, G'eg."
Mycroft kept patting. "So they wouldn't get separated, of course."
"Awww. Nex' time."
"Po'bcorn wi'ff our mo'bie. An' cu'bca'ges. An' juice. I c'n ha'b mo' juice? P'ease?"
"And you'll feel so much better once you're clean and in a nice, dry nappy with warm pajamas."
"Re'yax," Sherlock parroted, and closed his eyes. "My face fee'yls fun'nee, My'cob."
“Why's he got my dummy?”
"Yep, lets go. Don't forget your satchel."
Mycroft paused and closed his eyes, appearing to think; "...The program."
"I thought you wanted gnocchi for dinner?"
"Best part about bein' a cop." Greg went limp inside his cocoon of blankets and rubbed his face. "Tha' wasn't very nice."
"Maw'yee. Peanu'd yu'bs sh'eese."
"Yea, I thought I put it on the tray...did your brother move it?"
"I DUN'NEE ONE!" Jawn crowed loudly, which Greg tried to shush.
“There’s a difference between ‘want’ and ‘need’, Sherlock, and it’s certainly a ‘need’ in this case,” the older brother sniffed. He’d already been elbows deep in tears, snot, drool, powder, and nappies…he was NOT going to clean their place for them.
The bib that Sherlock had so lovingly fastened around Jawn neck had been for ‘naught…the little doctor was covered in sauce from the top of his spiky-haired head down to his toes. Which was quite a feat, providing that Mycroft hadn’t given him nearly that much sauce on his plate in the first place.
"The recipe calls for two."
Greg pouted: "You want me to sleep by myself."
"He might be cheered up by his bunny," Mycroft said, loud enough for Sherlock to hopefully hear him. "It should still be in the crib."
One of the kitchen chairs scrapped against the floor, startling the hell out of Greg. He leaned against the doorway holding his chest.
"I y'am in jams," Jawn said, taking the steps one at a time.
“Duck f'wy to da’ sink!” Sherlock half crawled out of the bathtub to capture the wayward captain and put him back under the water. “I try!”
"A'rections on'a box, G'eg?"
"You're confusing yourself with a faerie."
He walked over to pick it up, and realized that it was Jawn's red, crab-shaped sunglasses.
“We’ll find you one once we get inside.”
"We wa'sh mer'mai' y'ader?"
Sherlock winced and turned his head, blinking back tears. "I don' y'ike i'd, G'eg."
"I broked my 'ello."
"P'omise, p'omise, p'omise!"
Greg shuffled closer and, once he finally stepped into Mycroft's reach, found himself in a one-armed hug. "I know you meant well," Mycroft said, kissing his cheek. "But the next time you have issues with one of my rules, discuss it with me instead of going behind my back."
The little doctor rushed to obey, and the flat was silent except for the sounds of sniffles from the stairwell and the corner of the kitchen.
"No, I thought he'd have a kip in the crib while we plan the rest of our afternoon and evening."
"Which movie?" Mycroft tipped Sherlock's chin and carefully removed the last smudges of his dinner.
"Well it depends on how good your behavior is doesn't it." Sherlock hummed against his shoulder.
"This is just a mixing spoon tonight, darling. Here," Mycroft held out the handle to him; "-take this, and get a great big spoonful of peanut butter for us."
Jawn was across the room in an instant and clambering up on top of the bed, plopping himself right next to where Sherlock lay. The little detective watched him quietly, his thumb now tucked firmly in his mouth (apparently the suds weren’t an issue).
"Yes, that would make it easier." Mycroft led them into the master bedroom and popped one of the dummies free of the plastic. "Climb onto the bed and sit there with bunny while I give this a quick wash. Wait for Gregory."
Sherlock nodded but he was far from convinced. Without his thumb or a dummy, he had few options to self sooth. Mycroft pulled him into a one armed hug and rubbed his arm. "After Jawn is all patched up, perhaps you both can come spend the night."
“Cottontail.”
Sherlock chewed his lips for a second, looking contemplative, before whispering. “I don’t understand, Daddy.”
And here was his chance.
"Only all the pictures of Gregory."
Mycroft sighed; "Gregory."
“Wha’d you fink they tal’ging about?”
"Not you, sweetheart. I was talking to Gregory."
"G'eg wear a d'ess!" Sherlock clapped, making his rings clack together.
"I'm o'gay. I fin' you neck'yace and ear'yings!"
"That would be a thoughtful touch for Sally and all of her friends." Mycroft then helped himself to some of Sherlock's berries.
Greg sighed, giving the baby a small squish; "Have good sleep, my love."
“I’ve done the research, Jawn. Choc'ate is empirically the best flavour.”
," Mycroft said, his voice oh-so-dangerously-soft. "I was wondering why this 'midnight snack' seemed to be taking so long."
" 'Ice bucket'," Greg snorted. "Like at a bloody hotel."
"You were right about him being hungry," Greg noted.
"Got it. What else?"
Sherlock scooped him to his chest; "Y'ah, tri'g'y hiding in'a c'yib."
"Tha's wha'd I say'd, G'eg."
“I’m not terribly pleased about it either. Go on then. Unless you’d like to sit on a warm bottom?”
“Even if you are getting smacks. But remember this rule here.” John said, making a star next to the rule about manipulation. “If you safe word just because you don’t want a spanking then we are going to have to have a serious discussion about our relationship and whether we can keep up with me as the Daddy and you as my little boy. Understand?”
"Is it the closet door?"
“But…”
hands."
“He did eat his carrots, and I know for a fact that you like your greens!”
Sherlock stood there for a bit, blinking after Jawn, and then lifted his hand to his mouth and started to suck his thumb, blanket and all still clutched in it.
"Mmmmmm, peo'ble tha'd dun y'ike g'yitter?"
"Where are you going?"
"No'd boos'er. P'ease."
"Don' cry an' wa'ge hims u'b," Jawn warned. "I tell him i'ds you faul'd."
"How about beads?"
"Maybe after we eat. The cupcakes are going to have to bake and then cool before we frost them."
"Can you still see the brown thing from here?"
"That...doesn't sound like a good idea." Greg kept a hand floating at Sherlocks' back, the instinct to help overwhelming.
Greg chuckled, then leaned over and kissed his complicated boyfriend's forehead again. "You're still a good big brother."
"N'ah yet. I ca' help."
Sherlock frowned and put his hand on Greg's shoulders for to balance himself; "Bu'd I don' wan' c'yothes."
“A new na’bby won’d hel’b my be’yee,” Jawn sniffled, letting himself be turned and led to the nursery.
“And we’re done here. Jawn, will you get out the hero movie we’re going to watch and put it in the DVD player?” Mycroft guided him out of the bedroom.
Sherlock, ever the little observer, continued to watch his brother’s every step while his current dummy fluttered against his mouth. When he could no longer see him, he unfolded himself and climbed down onto all fours, then crawled after him.
“Y'ah. An’ scary.”
"Precisely." Mycroft gently manipulated Jawn's broken arm into the sleeve of his onesie; the rest was tugged on in seconds.
"Gregory!" Mycroft chided as Sherlock turned the box over in his hands, his eyes slowly widening as the realisation of what the gift was and how...how
“Yes. Maybe. Though I think...I think it was better, that it was Greg.”
Jawn chewed his lip for a moment before nodding. "Tha's a goo' plan.”
"F'ree eggs."
Sherlock nodded, squishing the friend to his chest. “We shoul’ ha’b brough’d one for My’coff.”
"You're a sweetheart," Greg whispered, scooping Sherlock up. "Anything else you want to grab while we're in here? We're not making a second trip."
"Chuckle-chuckle. You're not the one that got scolded last time we had midnight snack."
"What, glitter on our cupcakes?"
"I c'n ha'b bee y'ams?" Sherlock scooped his flower out of the bath and handed it to Mycroft.
"Why?"
"Mad at My'cob?" Sherlock rested his head on Greg's shoulder; "-a'cause ice s'ceam?"
“Tell her what you wanted, Jawn.”
Mycroft gave him a not-so-gentle elbow in his side before he could scoot away and get back to the baby.
Two pairs of still-shiny eyes widened at the idea of such a thing. “We’ll listen, swear!” Jawn said quickly.
"We also need some eggs, and some baking powder."
Molly put a finger under his chin and tipped his head, "It's gunna be bright."
"Maybe not. But you always want some of whatever Mycroft is eating, so..."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, giving the next pat a little extra umph “No, of course you aren’t.”
"If I break out in a rash, you're both in trouble."
"Too soon for more, then. Does your chest hurt, sweetheart?"
He dropped another kiss on Sherlock’s forehead before he wrote that at the very top, making it bold and visible to Sherlock. "The Daddy Loves Sherlock Rules."
Sherlock chewed his lip for a moment, twisting the jumper in his hands mercilessly, before finally crawling into the crib. He flopped onto his belly and tucked Daddy’s jumper beneath his chin.
“Telly?” Sherlock suggested, patting the couch beside him.
Mycroft curled his lip and looked away; that was an image he could have lived without for the rest of his life. Almost as bad as the worms. “Just put your plate in the sink, lad, and try not to touch anything else.”
"E'brybody else gets 'em stuck on my ears." Sherlock pulled one of the glass plates to himself; "Yum!"
Sherlock nodded around his thumb but stood well back, watching.
"Tell you what," Greg said as he helped Sherlock down from the table and made sure he was steady on his feet. "We'll look for Baxter-sized clothing later. Or, better yet, Molly can show you how to
Jawn fought the instinct to follow and instead took the takeaway packages out of the bag and laid the table. Mycroft helped him out of his coat before putting a gentle hand on his shoulder and guiding him into a chair.
"Maybe ov'ah you head ins'ead?" Sherlock asked Greg.
"Perfectly, dear." She said from her place in his chair.
"Full-arsed way."
"Moana is too busy watching the film to worry about your lost dummy."
“There,” he said, securing the last tape in place before reaching for Sherlock's hands and helping him sit up. “Sensitive little thing you are, aren’t you?” He placed a small kiss on his forehead and hugged him to his chest, then looked over Sherlock’s shoulder at Jawn. “Your turn, little wee-monster.”
"Molly hasn't!"
"More likely, but still probably no."
"You're right; it's very pretty." Mycroft turned it on, and set it in the water.
Sherlock's face crumbled, and he began to cry.
“Shouldn’t the babysitter be changing us?” Sherlock wasn’t sure why he was arguing; having Jawn change him sounded like an excellent plan.
Sherlock thought about this very intently as Mrs. Hudson opened the door and allowed him in.
"Old soppy," Mycroft called after Greg as he disappeared out the door. "You've got Uncle Greg wrapped around your adorable little finger."
"Yes, you can. That's the other part of the surprise."
"Hello, sweet boy. How many biscuits did Greg sneak you?" Mycroft leaned in and kissed his baby brother's cheek.
“Another word for dumb.” Jawn chewed his lip and forced himself to keep his eyes focused on the screen, though he’d stopped watching the movie.
He burst into the bedroom, where he found one of the kitchen chairs lying on its side next to the bed...and right next to it was Jawn, wailing and clutching his elbow. Sherlock's heart jumped into his throat, and tears stung his eyes. "Jawn!?" He dropped to his knees next to Jawn, but was unsure if he should touch him or not. "Jawn, you okay?!"
“I’ve completely forgotten where it is.” The light chose that moment to change into the ‘walk now’ signal. “Look, is that a star? Does it mean that’s the right way?”
Sherlock continues to glance at John through his lashes, the doctor’s usually expressive face is unreadable. Sherlock groans to himself that John is still so far away. With nothing to loss, Sherlock decides to pull out his endgame. He continues to stroke himself idly with one hand, while the other moves to his mouth.
"We have all of those," Mycroft said.
Jawn squeezed his hand and glared; “If I miss out on chips and ice cream because of YOU, I’m not playing with you anymore!”
“At last, the Grey crayon had colored all the animals at the zoo.” Jawn said, patting the picture gently. “See! I told you this is a good book.”
," Mycroft drawled. "Of course I do."
"He meant LUCKY!"
Jawn rolled his eyes, “Yea. I know.”
"Can I still look and make sure?"
"...I can tell you where it is." Mycroft had come back into the room and was eyeing the soggy biscuit on his side of the bed with disgust.
"Fank'oo for a g'yitter!" Sherlock exclaimed as Greg handed him back the tube, lid back in place.
"...Greg."
"Y'ick ba'dder off spoon?"
"I d'un y'ike pan's."
Jawn, finally with his breathing under control, tugged on Mycroft’s sleeve. “I almos’ choked a'death.”
"You're sweet. Okay, this isn't working." He left the dress wedged around his knees. "I get to pick a new one."
"Sooo p'wetty!" Molly clapped her hands, bracelets making a ruckus.
"That's all fine with me. I'mma sleep long ways across the bed."
Greg looked a bit speechless, while Mycroft took it all in with smug, yet clearly touched, smirk.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and, yet again, pried the little nappy-wearing barnacle off of him. “Counter first, then cuddles.”
"I y'uuuuuub power too's!!!"
"Yeah, your baby...now come on, and let's let him sleep. You shouldn't be awake yet, either."
"I get the bowl, then," Greg said as Mycroft quickly bent Sherlock over the counter to keep the chocolate dribbling down his chin from dripping onto his pajamas. "Just get me a napkin, Gregory. And a bib."
Mycroft deftly hooked his elbow through Jasn’s and pulled the little doctor into his side.
“Shhhhh.”
Both brothers shared a look and nodded; "More peanut butter," they said in unison.
Molly hushed.
"I'm going home."
Sherlock leaned back against Mycroft's chest and sucked on his finger, going cross-eyed a few times as he tried to focus on what Greg was doing. "G'eg?"
Greg froze, and felt his heart settle in the pit of his stomach.
from the kitchen interrupted him, followed by a beat pause, then a cry. Mycroft looked up sharply and hurried out of the nursery to see what had happened.
Sherlock pouted, even though his eyes were closed.
Sherlock gasped and reached for his prized experiments with grabby fingers. "No! No! Daddy! No!"
some next time she's here."
"That actually sounds pretty good right about now," Greg said, and reached up to stretch one of Sherlock's curls out, then let it spring back.
Sherlock scurried to the kitchen door to avoid more 'encouragement' pats, and then started tip-toeing down the hall. "G'eg?
Perhaps he could make Sherlock believe it was the flower's choice as to what shade they became.
"G'eg ish smar'd."
Jawn was frowning at all the commotion (as well as being passed around like a sack of potatoes), but now he was just confused. "Sca'we?" he asked, rubbing his eyes.
"You're very welcome."
Greg startled for a second before rolling his eyes. "You're not, huh?"
"Sit up while you're eating, muffin," Greg said, taking a big bite of his cooling food. "Y'er gonna choke tha' way."
"B'eakpas' time."
Mycroft peeked from beneath his hat to see Sherlock stick a dirty finger into his mouth and visibly recoil, then stare daggers at his hand as if it had a mind of it's own.
"How do you know? Did you already look?"
"I do'nah ha'b a shell, My'coff."
Jawn shook his head.
Sherlock turned to glare at them. Two mind spaces clearly at war on his face. He’d been struggling to stay big all day, but had been trying to bait John into pulling rank; it hadn’t worked. “I said not to talk about me as if I’m not here.” He attempted to snarl, but it came out closer to a whinge. He felt close to tears but he’d been so poorly behaved he wasn’t sure if anyone would offer him the cuddle that he was suddenly desperate for.
"You know I don't like that answer, cause it's not even really an answer."
“While that’s good to hear, I highly doubt it’s the truth at the moment.” Mycroft brought his hand back and slapped it down with a crisp
"Did you both finish that entire box of lollies?"
Sherlock sucked down most of the water in a few slurps. He smacked his lips; "A'licious. Wha'd we nee' to ma'ge faerie houses?"
Sherlock pouted up at him.
“You f’ink Jawn y’eaved the yard?”
"Me too." Greg leaned against Mycroft's back, chin on his shoulder.
"They heard a
"You did. Do you want to help me dig up my flower?"
“Yes, green. How did the two of you get this shirt on him this morning?” Mycroft asked as he undid the last of a dozen tiny buttons down the front of Sherlock’s shirt.
"I'm shit at rhyming. But if this is what it takes to get you to eat..."
"Then take this," Greg held the last pill to Jawn's mouth. The little doctor thrashed weakly in his seat for a moment before opening his mouth and accepting the pill. He quickly swallowed and guzzled his juice, having to stop and take deep gulping breaths.
"I hear you."
“F'wowers is a’licious,” Jawn nodded to himself, as he studiously finished filling in the green sky.
"Noooo, you go'dda swa'yyow 'em!" Jawn said. "You doin' a goo' y'ob!"
“I ea’ded so I c’n ha’b ca’ge?”
"Come on gentlemen, dinner is ready," Greg said as he walked by, now carrying two heavily laden bags.
"Aww, you said I could lick the beaters." Greg reached a sneaky finger into the mixing bowl and popped a large smudge of frosting into his mouth.
Mycroft’s eyes got big as the realization struck. “You equate nappies with love??”
The little doctor looked up from the nappy bin; “ ’s alrigh’.” He handed two nappies to Mycroft and crawled onto the bed beside Sherlock.
"A'w be'dder," Sherlock agreed, snuggling closer.
Sherlock reached out a hand for Greg, playing with his fingers when Greg reached for him as well.
"You wouldn'ta needed three cupcakes if you'd eaten your dinner."
“I y'ub Sher'yock.”
"He thought he could finagle more sweeties out of me. That's not the same thing."
“There’s no need to shout.” Now that his little brother was sufficiently distracted, Mycroft walked over to the bookshelf at the opposite side of the room, and began to look for a book. A particular book.
“Whatever I want?” Jawn asked in awe. He didn’t get to do whatever he wanted even when he was big. “Then I’m going to the toy shop!” Jawn turned the corner, headed in the opposite direction of home. A hand on his collar pulled him up short.
“It touched the sink!”
Sherlock leaned up and pressed his face underneath Mycroft’s chin. “Lu'b My!”
“Yes, yes. All done.” Mycroft rolled his eyes again at the hysterics, but gently helped Sherlock stand up.
"I read somewhere that glitter is the herpes of crafting supplies."
“Sunglasses.”
"We should go on a proper holiday," Greg said, changing gears all of a sudden.
“Jawn no know how!” Sherlock chased them down the hallway, bare feet slapping.
Sherlock's eyes widened, but he kept his gaze squarely on the steps. That was one of the rules when walking on the stairs...always watch your feet. "I ca'n?"
Mycroft pulled a pair of grey pajama pants from the cupboard and moved to his little brother, who was making an admirable effort to keep his eyes open. “Lie back," he said, nudging Sherlock until he was laying down and then tugged the pajamas up his slim legs and over his padded bum.
Greg nodded. "Here, muffin," he said, scooping the jar from Sherlock's hands just as he was about to jam his sticky fingers back in the jar. "Let's save some for the frosting."
"I do, too...I just don't wear it. I'll be right back," Mycroft said as he patted Sherlock on top of his sun-warmed hair, then turned to walk across the yard and enter the kitchen through the side door.
"Fish and chips!"
"Myc, wha-" He stepped around Mycroft to see that Sherlock and put himself on the step, Peanut and Baxter sitting next to him.
Sherlock’s shoulders began to shake.
Sherlock tossed the jumper over his shoulder and rummaged in the stacks on the table for his markers.
Sherlock was startled by the feeling of Jawn’s mouth and tongue wrap around his thumb.
..Only partially, though.
Peanut the elephant made a rude fart noise at Greg before going back to being gnawed on.
Sherlock frowned and turned his face away, but both Greg and Mycroft knew well enough what to expect, and followed right along with him.
"Myc! Bring the house key! I left mines at the office."
Shaking his head, he headed up the stairs.
“Nonononono!” Jawn’s heels thumping on the floor. “Is my g'een c'ayons!”
"I know, this is what you always hate," Mycroft said as he used his fingers to help rinse the shampoo out. "But you're doing so well and being such a good boy right now."
"I y'ike all'a 'em."
“No, that’s not going to work. You can apologize and come with us, or you can stay here with Nana while Jawn and I go.”
Sherlock mumbled that he could go ahead and "y'eave" if he wanted to, but John thought that Greg would probably be pissed at him if he left Sherlock alone.
paying attention!"
The smaller bite did prove to be more helpful, since the baby didn't have to open his mouth as wide. Greg gently spooned the cereal into Sherlock's mouth and watched as he chewed slower than usual. "Poor baby. We'll give your your medicine soon and that'll make it not-hurt, yeah?"
"You still need a fresh nappy though, Sherlock; I can smell that you're wet from here. You don't want a rash on your bits..." Greg urged the baby up the steps, and caught Mycroft's attention as they passed him. "It's okay," he mouthed.
"Good; that was the experiment. It's definitely not a bug?"
"We c'n ma'ge fros'ing now?"
"Nice. You did it again, Myc." Greg bundled Sherlock close and patted his lower back. "Way to go."
"Uh-huh."
“What?” Mycroft asked, and looked to Sherlock for help...but the little detective had gone all wobbly himself, sniffling around his thumb.
Sherlock's excitement deflated, and he sat back on his heels. "...Where bis'sit?" he asked, looking on top of the covers where he'd left it.
"You went to a nightclub covered in glitter?"
"No! Your fish are still sitting on the counter upstairs."
“Yes, you are,” Mycroft cooed at him, smiling as he held the forkful of greens out as an offering. “You’re a good lad, and you want to keep being good for Mycroft, don’t you? Just a bite, for me? Please?”
“Yes?”
While Mycroft fed the baby his medicine, Greg stood and went over to the sink, where he gave his face a wash with some cold water.
"I nee' tea too. I hel'b." Sherlock wiggled out of Greg's embrace and slithered off the bed.
"If that's the case, then we're all sleeping down here tonight."
“Yes, Jawn can help me as well.” Mycroft eased the baby off his lap and back onto the floor. “Can you create the snowman with the head cherry?”
Greg caught him under his arm pits and pulled him up. "You okay?"
"You stack the bug friends and make music!"
"He went to his office to finish up some things. He'll be back in a bit."
“I was just, uh, I mean, I was just checking if you're alright...I mean, I know that, y'know, that you're not alright, but I...I dunno.”
Mycroft grabbed the vanilla extract; "True story."
"You're watching a movie with your Uncle and me. Surprise."
Jawn let out a singular, mournful wail, and hung his head, sobbing.
"Charming." Mycroft frowned as he watched Sherlock shove the whole mess into his mouth.
Greg twisted at the waist and gave Sherlock a look from under his eyebrows. "Sherlock."
"I can put you down for a nap right now if you like."
The elder Holmes sighed, then uncrossed his legs and stood up to go tend to his little brother.
“Yes, Jawn finished his dinner very well," Mycroft cooed, scooping a bite of salad into Jawn’s mouth.
"Oh! And you said you didn't cheat ya tiny monster."
"Ummmm..." Sherlock put a finger in his mouth; "Maybe co'dor. Or p'yay-doh."
"Silly goose. His name was Billy."
The little detective’s eyes widened comically; “I will?” he whispered with a muted reverence…almost as if he weren’t horrified at the idea, but excited about experimenting to see if it were possible.
"Yeah, yeah, no down." Greg kissed Jawn's clammy forehead. "Does your arm hurt, sweetness?"
hold the bottle, understand?”
Mycroft took a corner of the flannel and gently pressed it to the Snoopy plaster above Sherlock's eyebrow.
Greg rolled his eyes and put two more pieces of bread in the toaster, then got the blueberries back out. "Should we make a whole fairy village?"
“Jawn, come here lad. Let’s get you out of those trousers,” Mycroft called, already digging in the cupboard for pajama bottoms. He glanced up to see Jawn frowning at him over his shoulder in the mirror.
"Nonsense. And rest assured that lunch is hardly the posh affair you're expecting," Mycroft smiled at Molly, who was trying to discreetly pick at the cat hairs on her jumper.
"...Fuck," Mycroft muttered.
"Maybe."
“Nuh-uh, those are the chips that were already in it!”
we're done. All clean. Such a good job!" Greg praised, hoping to bring a smile back onto Sherlock's pouty little face.
Sherlock didn't move.
Mycroft rolled his eyes at the obvious manipulation, but decided to let it slide. “What shall you draw for my fridge?”
"I'll be careful if you be careful, too."
Greg, looking suitably sheepish, muttered a quick ,"Sorry, Mycroft."
"This one means something though. It's not a badge of honor. A job well done."
"Aww..." Greg smooched his forehead and handed him his cup. "Move Peanut out of your seat."
Sherlock giggled, the light from the phone illuminating his face.
"Yes well, I'm sorry to disappoint but you're eating dinner before you eat frosting." Mycroft opened one of the styrofoam containers and handed him a spring roll.
"On'yee if you don' sh'eat."
"B'oi'the?"
"C'ack." Sherlock agreed, dipping a spoonful of Mac and Cheese into his applesauce.
Sherlock froze in place, hand inches from Jawn’s nose as he processed his damp nose. Sensing the impending doom, and unwilling to leave them on their own again after the last time, Mycroft came into the sitting room and pulled them to their feet. "I’ll never be able to find it on my own. I need the world’s greatest detective’s to find it for me.” Mycroft tried to usher them toward the bathroom, but it was like wrangling cats.
Mrs. Hudson smiled fondly at him as she took the cup. "I bet you can help me put the kettle on, can't you?"
"Awwwww."
"Please, Sherlock. Just for one cup."
"You hush." Greg flicked the baby's nose with his wet finger, making him giggle.
"Did they not send along the fish sauce for the rolls?"
If Mycroft had thought Sherlock was a little drama queen, then Jawn really took the cake! He kicked and howled and blubbered like a man on fire, and not for the first time, the older man found himself thanking several different deities that he had nearly a foot of leverage over the compact little piston in his lap. He proceeded to turn Jawn’s bum a uniform shade of scarlet.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment; "Can draw on Jawn's cas'?"
Greg carried Sherlock over to the sink, where he sat him on the counter. "We need to clean your face and hands, love."
"My'cob?!?"
"Course I do. It's only your second favorite movie. Such as shame it got lost--"
Mycroft undid Jawn’s trousers and tugged them down to mid-thigh with slow, measured movements--the same way people behaved around an animal they didn’t want to spook. “Good boy, almost done,” he murmured.
"That looks like three to me."
"G'eg?" Sherlock peeped.
"Only with his explicit permission."
"I'm so so so so b'ery hun'ree." Jawn clutched his belly while Mycroft wiped his bits.
Billy and Baxter were so surprised that they dropped all of their flowers. 'Oh, hello there. We're very sorry. We didn't know anyone lived here,' Billy said, trying to put the last daisy they'd plucked back in place.
"Because you'll kick up a fuss about it until it gets fixed."
"D'wo." "F'ree." "Four." "Fi'be. I di'id!"
Sherlock snorted and had a cough over some improperly inhaled milk.
"That's my good boy. Put your shoes on." Greg took John's shoes and knelt before the little doctor, quickly putting them on him. John's wails had dried up and now he was crying almost silently.
"I like trains, too." Greg pinched Mycroft's arse to emphasis his point.
“Aren’t you going to help Sherlock fill the tub?” Mycroft asked, taking a nearly imperceptible step back from the filthy little burglar.
Mycroft got up and took Sherlock's greasy juice cup and dumped out the last dregs in the sink before fetching a clean one. "Let's finish making our cupcakes and we'll see how we feel."
Jawn frowned and rubbed his hand over his cheek. "Where Jeffrey?" he whispered again.
"Shud'dup, I didn't ask you."
"Was it a long time ago?"
“Yes, like the flowers.”
"Yea'."
"I don't want even one pair of them in my hou-"
Mycroft studied the cupcakes; "Here. This one has a bald spot. But otherwise I think they are beautiful."
"It's literally never come up before."
Sherlock stopped right in the middle of the stairs, refusing to go further. "NO! I dun' wan'd s'yeep! I dun' wan'nid, Myc'cobb!"
"That's not the point, Gregory, and you know it."
"NOOOOOOOO, G'eeeeeeg!" Sherlock wailed. "I don'n wan'nid!!!!"
"B'ue drop," Sherlock put a blue drop in the cup and handed the smudged, dye-covered bottle back to Mycroft, who handled it gingerly. "Red and b'ue makes la'bender?"
Sherlock pretends to pout but is clearly pleased by the turn of events, squeezing John’s hand in pleasure. John opens the door at the top of the stairs and is almost toppled over as Sherlock rushes into the room, flopping onto the bed.
“Yea? Yea', that’s good.”
"You're not? Then who is this nappy for, hm? And who's going to wear that warm, cozy sleeper?" Mycroft asked, and began to rub lotion all over Sherlock's nappy area, as well as the backs of his thighs.
‘Nosy’ Little Sherlock wrinkled his own nose at his brother and looked down at the picture like Mycroft asked. “Cake!” he babbled excitedly, picking it up.
“My bum hurts.” He whined around another yawn. “And I’m still not tired.”
“Yes-huh, cause I think up the best games.”
"O'gay."
Sherlock toddled over to the cots and plucked his bunny up, then came back and took Gregss hand. "I y'ike sh'icken p'ingers."
"I y'am alrea'y!" Sherlock whinged as he climbed onto the bed and spread himself out into a comfy starfish in the middle.
"That turquoise one would be lovely with your auburn hair," Mycroft said, coming into the room and handing Greg a cup of tea.
Jawn licked a bit of cheesecake off his fork. “We alrea’y slee’bed. An’ then we wa’ged u’b.”
Mycroft softened and wrapped his arms around his baby brother, then kissed the top of his head. "All forgiven."
"Sherlock, you are not coming with me to visit Harry at the treatment center! Your deductions would put everyone there back on the sauce."
“We can put your pit'cher on our f'idge, too.” Jawn kept his green crayons in his lap, fiddling with them, but his attention had turned back to the film--the final fight sequence was playing on the screen.
“Says you!” Sherlock put his free hand on his hip, indignant.
“...I may have over stepped. I apologize. Can you forgive me?”
"So clever!"
"Then so do you."
"I dun' wan'na hose, My'coff!"
"No they won't, I promise." Mycroft took Sherlock's hands and helped him sit up. "Let's get you down and dressed...dinner should be here any minute."
"C'mere," Greg said, taking Sherlock's arm and tugging him over. "You've been an amazing helper."
"Shiny but not sleepy, not even a little?"
"No."
"You too, Daddy."
"Are all these sheep in our bedroom?"
"You do that, and I'll get the key to the shed." Mycroft stood up, as well. "Can you both manage to carry out all the supplies?"
"You're going to need a nappy of your own at this rate."
“I’d was funny!” Sherlock crowed back.
“Cause it’s mines and you can’t have it,” Sherlock went on, stomping his foot, oblivious to the storm brewing on the little doctor’s face.
“AM NOT!” Jawn shouted, kicking a foot out at the little detective and thankfully missing him by a mile.
“Do you need to use the loo?” John asked. He let Sherlock stand in front of the toilet as he moved around him to run the bathwater. With a huff, Sherlock started to undo his robe. He had almost got it off his shoulders when John was behind him, helping him out of it. He was about to hook his thumbs into his lounge trousers, but John jerked them down to his ankles and Sherlock was forced to step out of them. Then the worst part came, John stayed in the room. He busied himself folding Sherlock’s things and putting bubbles in the bath, but he was still in the room. How did he expect Sherlock to have a proper manly piss with him walking around? He didn’t. There was nothing manly about Sherlock at this moment. He was about as little a boy as he could get. Blushing, he took a wee.
John barely looks up from his computer when Sherlock enters the sitting room. He’s used to Sherlock walking around in a towel after a shower. A quick glance up tells John that he’s doing it again.
Sherlock pouted, but he chewed and chewed and chewed, just like Greg told him to, then swallowed before holding both his hands out. "Bis'sit now? P'ease?"
“He was hot. And upset. He’d want to be somewhere cool and alone...in the shade...”
Mycroft nodded and checked over his shoulder to make sure the little doctor was close. “Jawn, you are not Gene Kelly; keep up.”
"Do you like it?" Sherlock's eyes were wide and hopeful.
"Y'ah," Sherlock wheezed, his breathing returning to normal.
"HEY! Tha's MINE!” Jawn turned to glare at Mycroft, who was putting the whistle into the pocket of his waistcoat.
"Ar'yell p'yaster?"
Sherlock sniffled quietly into Mycroft’s t-shirt; “Nu’uuh.”
Mycroft sneered. "You're an obnoxious little shit. I meant 'don't', as in 'don't do the thing'."
"I keep that in the freezer."
Jawn had his bum back in his seat before Mycroft could finish his sentence, and the man couldn’t help but laugh out loud. “You’re both awful little brats!”
"Sherlock's right... you're funny when you're mad!"
“Spi’d u’b?” Jawn made a face.
"Uncle Greg isn't taking 'no' for an answer, sweetheart. You have to take them."
“Huh?” Sherlock sat up on his knees, and Mycroft could see that two of the snaps of his onesie had come undone in the throes of his flailing, causing it to ruck up on one side.
Mycroft took the baby bottle to refresh it. "I agree. That's disgusting."
Greg patted Sherlock's hands dry with a dish towel; "So you've said."
"Likewise," Mycroft said, and snapped the crotch of the onesie in place. "There, all done," he tutted, rubbing Sherlock's belly.
Mycroft stared down at his cooling tea. "That...is not something I can answer. Not now."
He didn't want to admit how much that broke his heart. "Good boy. Hold my hand when we're on the stairs, okay?"
"That's not the same!"
"I fin' it." Sherlock made to slither off the bed to retrieve his biscuit, but a pinch on his thigh brought him up short. "Owwww, G'eg! Tha' wasn' b'ery nice."
"We'll ask Mycroft if they can join us for dinner tomorrow night, how about that?" Greg had a towel at the ready, waiting on the baby.
"I want him to
Sherlock shrugged; "Da'yee, um, Da'yee did'a same f'ing," he said, right before putting the eyepiece of his telescope in his mouth for a nibble.
Sherlock froze completely, cutting himself off mid-wail. He lifted his head and stared up at his brother, his eyes wide as saucers.
“Jawn ge’d a nappy garden,” Sherlock crowed as Mycroft guided Jawn into the room.
Sherlock pouted but obeyed, dragging his feet as he walked.
"And what exactly is 'that' that you're referring to?" Mycroft asked, raising his eyebrow.
"Noooo, cu'b'ca'ges!"
“Is too sweet,” Sherlock grumbled, holding up his spoon and watching the syrup drip from it.
"Yes, pet."
Greg sighed. "If he wasn't so fragile right now, I'd roast his arse."
Jawn groaned; "Bu'd tha's wha'd you say'ed fi'be minu'des ago!"
"But is this edible glitter?! No? Thought so."
Sherlock made a face and nodded. "Me'yi'thin."
"Why-"
big, snoring babies in his lap, instead of just the one.
"Chicken." Greg grinned as he bounced over to the wall, where the light switch was located. "Got the tray? Ready? Okay!" He waited until Mycroft had the tray of flickering cupcakes in his hands before flipping off the light. "Haaaapppy Birthdaaay tooo youuuuu...!"
Mycroft watched his younger brother flinch and squirm on the sofa with a touch of a smile. He’d hated seeing Sherlock in trouble when they were younger, but this was oddly satisfying.
"You can either tell Mycroft you're sorry, or you can take a nap and
"Ahhh, see, he's not taking that bet," Greg teased and nudged Sherlock's shoulder in an effort to lighten the mood. "He knows better."
"We can play dress up again another time." Mycroft carefully folded the pink taffeta gown and put it in the chest.
Mycroft read the story slowly, hoping that his tone would lull the little doctor to sleep. But Jawn stayed wide-eyed and alert through the whole thing, gripping Mycroft’s waistcoat in fear when Peter was almost captured and quietly (after being reminded that Sherlock was sleeping) cheering when Peter escaped back through the fence and made it home.
"Yes," Mycoft said. "But were not--"
“No more ba’ff?” Jawn asked, sounding disappointed.
"I'll come back down and fix his hair then."
"Y'ah...made p'etty f'owers."
Mycroft watched as his little brother trailed after Greg and Molly, then went to gather the rest of the plates. Perhaps Gregory had been right in getting Molly to stay for a bit; Sherlock was already acting much more chipper than Mycroft had seen him since...well, since a time that Mycroft couldn't recall clearly.
Mycroft cocked an eyebrow, closing the umbrella and setting it behind him in one fluid motion. “Captain Jawn needs his own coat on if he’d like to join us for ice cream.”
"Yea but the baby-"
“Sherlock and Jawn need plates for little boys. Can you get two little boy plates?” Mycroft asked, glancing at his little brother with an encouraging smile.
Jawn turned his frowny little face to Mycroft. “Elmo.”
"That's fine. You're getting up with him." Greg dumped his watch on the end table.
"We also still have all the left overs from last night. We can have salad and those rolls to go with..."
Sherlock scampered off, pleased enough to be helping, and Mycroft popped the plastic cap on the pills. “Jawn,” he said, shaking out two pills and tossing them back into his mouth. “Did you get the salad?”
Sherlock chewed his lip; “I dun’ f’ink he in here anyways.”
“Alright then, you can have juice and a snuggle as well.”
The little fairy stomped her foot on Billy's palm. 'Then you'll have to find me a new one!' she demanded."
"...I can still hear you worrying."
"That's killing me, Myc."
Daddy and his disapproval seemingly took up the whole entry way and Sherlock had to stop a step below the landing, making him shorter than Daddy. He felt terribly little and couldn’t stop himself from fidgeting with the stool in his hands and looking anywhere but Daddy’s stormy expression.
"It's a necessary evil. Go brush your teeth now, pet...it's bedtime," Mycroft said, and once again looked down at Sherlock, who had by now fallen completely asleep. "How am I going to get you back into bed," he muttered. Picking up Sherlock was one thing when he was awake...
Sherlock, frustrated with his Grammy's lack of attention, stomped over to the toaster and flung the toast onto a plate.
Sherlock's chin bobbed up and down as he gripped John's wrist and dragged towards the sofa eagerly. John laughed, as he was drug along. When they arrived Sherlock waited patiently for him to take a seat and pull him down on his lap, which he did promptly. John got a glimpse of the card, but did not say anything. "You first then."
Jawn refused to look at the man. “You didn’t have to spank him again, is’all,” he mumbled.
"Na'b is n'ah fun acti'bi'dy."
Jawn stuck his hands back under the tap for a quick rinse. “Where you goin’?
"Ah-ah, that's not yours." Mycroft moved the glass plate away and set a plastic plate in front of Sherlock, the chicken already cut into bite sized pieces; "...this one is yours."
"I y'ike bo'ff. A y'ot."
"Only if Jawn says it's okay."
"Ok! I c'n do'id!" Molly took two steps and had to hide her face in her hands from the hoots and hollers.
"Really? Why?"
Mycroft skipped washing Sherlock's chest and moved to his legs. "Yes, but only because of the gravy."
"Yea, G'eg'ry! Cu'bca'ges!" Sherlock wiggled around so he was draped over Greg. "I wan' f'ree."
Jawn shuffled uncomfortably; he’d already been wet for too long and his skin was starting to chafe. “Just seems strange to have a bloke who isn’t you touch my bits.”
"Oh. My'cobb? My'cobb?" Sherlock sat up with a groan and looked around the room; "Where My'cobb?"
Mycroft rolled his eyes and opened the door to reveal Molly Hooper standing on his stoop, with her big, black medical bag held in one hand. "Hello, Mr. Holm--Mycroft."
"B'e's'icks?"
"Hmmm, is it this freckle right here?" G'eg poked one of the freckles on Sherlocks' neck, making him scrunch up like a turtle and squeak.
"No. It's the polite way to eat them."
"G'eg?" Sherlock popped in the door, causing Greg to startle and fumble the plastic cell phone he'd been fighting with.
"I had to look the part."
"The only bit of your clothing you're changing is your nappy." Mycroft moved across the room and pulled the supplies from beneath the changing table.
"Thank you."
The little detective sat on the floor, hugging damp sippy cups to his heaving chest as he struggled to keep from sobbing.
John feels himself grin like a mad man at the sight and gets into bed beside his little one.  As Sherlock snuggles into him, resting a curly head on his shoulder, John can’t remember why it was so important for Sherlock to go to sleep in his own bed.  “I’m completely bewitched, aren’t I?” He mumbles into Sherlock’s forehead, dropping a kiss there. Sherlock hums around the thumb in his mouth, but a quick glance down confirms that the boy is already out like a light. “G’nite, Pet.” John whispers to the sleeping figure as he flips off the bedside lamp.
"Did he now." As if he didn't see that coming.
Sherlock sniffled and nodded sadly. “Do I…” He didn’t want to ask, but not knowing was making him nervous. “Do I have to still sit on the naughty stool now?” He could feel John’s mouth twitch against his forehead and Sherlock suddenly felt like kicking himself for having started this line of thought. Daddy apparently hadn’t considered that as a possibility. Stupid.
"Co'mere, little man." John opened his arms and soon found them full of whinging little detective. He gave his boy a squeeze and dropped a kiss on his nose. "You are going to be a very good boy for Mrs. Hudson, aren't you, Pet?"
“But I–”
"You say'ed tha'd par'd."
"Poor poor, Muffin. Let's just pack a bag and go snuggle Mycroft."
"Gregory."
"Gregory would gladly keep it. That will save me from having to buy him his own."
“What about right now?”
"I'mma cu'bca'ge?"
Sherlock nodded.
"Jawn?"
“Thank you for the invitation. But we’re still discussing it when you’re big.” Mycroft crumpled up the paper bag; “Can you put this in the rubbish, please.”
Either that, or she had gone a bit deaf and wasn’t telling anybody.
Jawn wrinkled his forehead, dubious. “You don’t know it?”
"Come on, Myc. Before the pizza gets here." Greg quipped.
Well, if the boys wanted to make a game out of cleaning up after themselves, he wasn’t going to stop them. Especially when he had no strong urge to touch the whole lot of soggy, disgusting, wilted lettuce himself…actually, he wondered if there was a way to make a game out of cleaning the kitchen, as well. Hm.
They stood in the afternoon sun, everything quiet except the occasional slam of cupboard doors and Mycroft threatening to blister Jawns' bum.
"A'w c'ean," Sherlock mumbled.
"Gregory and I each picked one for you. And there's one for when you're big, as well."
“Yes, alright…which one of these is Elmo?”
“N'ah hiding, Da’. Jus’ res’ding,” Jawn yawned.
"Keep that to yourself; you'll ruin my reputation."
Sherlock took Greg's hand as they headed down the steps; "We c'n ha'b p'bu'dder fros'ing?"
“That’s fine, Jawn. Bring along your toy.”
"Good job, muffin!" Greg clapped for the baby, all the while smirking at Mycroft.
"Goodbyes can be a little hard," Mycroft said, rocking him and patting his back.
"Bu' Jawn..."
"Yeah, I can be there in, oh gosh, fifteen...no wait, traffic, damnit! Thirty minutes?"
"Clever boy, that's right."
"P'esents?"
Mycroft rubbed his hand over his face. "Are you still watching this?"
A cuddle would be strong motivation. And Mycroft is be an excellent story teller. Sherlock brought him Jawn’s favorite book to read. The tiny doctor would creep closer and closer until he was practically in Mycroft’s lap anyways. By the time we learn why Grey crayon is so grumpy Jawn is fully in his lap and helping to turn the page.
"I foun' i'd!"
"Then select four that are not the best ones, and we can make them just as lovely as the rest of their friends."
"I ca' help," Sherlock said, leaning forward expectantly.
Greg's eyes cracked open to see Sherlock's face inches from his nose. The dim light of dawn made the bruising around his eye look all the worse. "We have to put some food in your belly first, or your medicine will make you throw up."
Sherlock yawned and pressed his face into Daddy's jumper.
Greg stuck his tongue out at the baby; "I'm a delicacy."
Molly slunk back in front of them, the dress swishing around her legs as she held the front up. She hunkered down in front of Mycroft, who held her hair up out of the way and smoothly zipped the dress up. "There, pretty as a picture."
“Jawn. Don’t make me repeat myself.”
Though, it had gone quiet except for Sherlock’s soft, steady babbling to his wooden alligator. “Hey gents, I fancy a drink and a snack, what about you?”
"You can have more when they're done, muffin."
“That’s…in another story.”
"You have a tendency to get shell in whatever we're making when you do."
"Tu'ssy."
"No, that's okay. Look how pretty," Molly slid the bowl closer to Sherlock.
“Not if we each do our share.” Mycroft strode over to the sink, where he procured two flannels from one of the nearby drawers. He turned on the tap, and dampened each one in turn. “You,” he said, handing one to his brother; “clean up any puddles and wipe down the countertops, and you,” he said, handing one to Jawn; “clean up your trail.”
"No, I wouldn't say you were 'bad'." Mycroft crumpled the napkin and tossed it back into the bag. "Naughty, maybe. A handful, certainly. But not bad."
"Oh." Jawn wiped the back of his hand across his mouth. "Na-na aw'ways ma'ges i'd an' gi'bs us y'ots."
Sherlock let out a shaky laugh as he felt his heart rate return to normal; "Jawn!" he said, reaching for him. "Wake up, monkey!"
Mycroft scooted the little boy off his lap. “Perhaps. Though teasing will end in tears," he said with an imperious sniff.
"Yeah, let's go see if your brother has our pots ready." Greg took Sherlock's hands and helped him stand up, and couldn't help but notice the baby wince at the pressure against his ribs. Dammit. In all the excitement over their project, Greg had been able to forget the circumstances of Sherlock's extended visit for a few brief, normalizing minutes.
"'Sally is a very nice name. I'm Billy and this is Baxter.'
"Damn k'ik!" Jawn shouted. He'd listed to the side...and then backward until he was laying on his back, feet waggling in the air.
“No, jus’ a lullaby.”
"Yes, what do you want, hm," Mycroft hummed, rocking Sherlock back and forth while he patted his back. "Biscuits? Your cup? Gregory is bringing both of those up in a moment."
"Mad about what?"
"A strop. Sherlock..." Mycroft looked over to see his baby brother naked, arms wrapped around his narrow chest and completely miserable. "Oh, Sherlock. Can you be my big helper and pick yourself out some pajamas?"
“We like this movie!” Jawn huffed as he not-so-stealthily hid the remote behind his back.
"Baby, I told you you didn't need to sit on the step," Mycroft said softly, stepping forward to help Sherlock to his feet.
“But it hu-hur-ur-urrrrrts!” Sherlock hiccupped, not even registering the use of his first name.
"Because you behaved like one of them by blatantly ignoring me and trying to be sneaky about it."
, there is," Mycroft said again. "Leave whenever you want after that, but not before."
Mycroft sighed. "So, what would you like to do, if you don't want to read a story?" he asked, rubbing his hand up and down Sherlock's back.
“Inside voice.” Mycroft reached behind his back and took Sherlock’s hand before the little detective untucked his shirt and wrinkled it beyond decency. “So you’ll agree to be changed?”
"Another night of takeaway is fine," Mycroft shrugged, taking Greg's hand to help him off the ground.
John puts the paper down and beckons Sherlock closer before drawing the boy between his knees with a tug on his wrist. "What is your safe word, Pet?"
"It means we'll see. Are you still going to taste-test our frosting?"
Greg startled awake as the 'Other Mother' let out a mighty, ear-splitting wail.
"Right though I am, it does make me hesitate to continue to baby him."
Jawn looked triumphant, if a little bit red-faced and winded. "See?" he panted. "I carr'ee him!"
"It's called a 'fat arse maker'."
“Because it’s not time to snacks. It’s time to sleep.”
In the moment of inattention, Sherlock’s thumb had made its way back into his mouth. He shook his head sadly and tried to bury himself into his big brothers side.
That's not the first time they've been caught out with ice lollies.
Sherlock scanned to the left of the playground, towards the greenhouse, and squinted...there,
Greg ignored the protesting of his knees and knelt down next to him. "Sherlock?....What's the matter, muffin? You mad at Greg for not letting you in here?"
“Jawn is eager to join the ‘Sore Bottom’ Club,” Mycroft muttered, ignoring the hands pounding at his back. He waltzed into the kitchen and used his foot to hook one of the chair legs and turned it around, facing away from the table, and sat down heavily. With as much grace as a Russian-trained dancer, Mycroft slid Jawn off of his shoulder and laid him flat across his lap, where he noted that this was going to be much easier than disciplining his long-limbed little brother. “And Sherlock needs to go watch the rest of his dinosaur movie, please.”
meant they'd been arguing about something with each other, because that always made them go little at once.
Mycroft still had to make the noises, though.
"...I want to be the fun one, sometimes."
"Take it easy. The gifts are already yours," Mycroft teased, peeling the wrapper off a cupcake for himself.
Mycroft wished he didn’t have nappy cream all over his hand, so he could reach his bloody phone.
"Two spoonfuls and that's it," Greg whispered, and held out his pinky so Sherlock could hook his own pinky to it.
Greg was supremely confused. "What?!"
"I sat in the same room with him. I should have-"
Sherlock sucked in a breath as he stepped into the water. "I y'ike ships," he said, staring down into the water and looking unsure on whether he wanted to sit down in it or not.
"It's a wonder you both haven't gained ten stone by now," Mycroft muttered to himself, then he nodded. "Alright, you can pour both."
“Doesn’t live here with us. His opinion doesn’t count.” Sherlock offered Daddy a small smile at this and tried to stifle a yawn. “Come on, love. Daddy will sit with you until you fall asleep.” John said, finally managing to nudge Sherlock off his lap.
“Y-you, you m-mean it?” Sherlock whispered, his voice sounding strained, and Mycroft could practically feel that awful throat-clenching sensation one gets before a big cry for him.
"Oh, yes...yes of course, that must be it." Mycroft turned to click the lamp on his side of the bed off, leaving just Greg's to illuminate the room. "Remember that when you're trying to go to the toilet tomorrow, and he's clinging to your ankles."
“P’ease?” Jawn asked sweetly, and beamed as Mycroft put the umbrella into his hand and took the wet soother with two fingers.
"Now this is just silly. Do you like swimming?"
"Of course he does," Mycroft muttered, then reached down and petted his little brother's hair. "Sherlock...Sheeeerlooock, it's time to wake up, sweetheart."
“I was on one foot, and eating shrimps makes me turn pink too!” he giggled, leaning back into Jawn and almost toppling out of Mycroft’s lap.
John could not deny the imploring look that his brat gave him and he sat down beside him. The detective immediately rested his curly head in John’s lap, and the doctor immediately rested a loving hand on top of it.
"Bum'ba an' Bax'er is mines!"
“I lub ‘Ron Man.”
"My be'yee."
"B-b'ave," Jawn snuffled.
"All you need now is some feathers." Greg squeezed some of the pinkish lotion out onto his fingers. "I'm gonna put some of this on your shoulders, baby boy...think you can sit still?"
"Tay'does."
Greg sighed, thumping his head against the back of the sofa; "The one after it, then."
"Yes. He told us both several times.”
Greg handed Mycroft two eggs. "Where's the baking powder?"
"Y'ah, he does," Sherlock said, making Greg chuckle. "Bu'd I y'ike it."
Sherlock tapped his mouth with his fingers; "Kinn'a..."
“I know the rules can be kind of upsetting, especially for little boys like my Sherlock.”
"I'd's n'ah na'b time, G'eg. I'm no'd tired a'd all."
“Yes, Darling. We’re going to have a snack. I have half a sandwich left in the fridge. And a bit of cake.” Mycroft pulled Jawn up, squishing him in a hug before walking them out of the bedroom, with Sherlock shuffling in front of them.
"Ummmm,
"My kingdom for a carseat," Mycroft muttered as they wheeled Jawn outside. He pulled out his phone and texted for his car to be brought around while they waited at the curb.
"Ohhhhhh."
“My'coff turn?” Jawn giggled, drying his hands by wiping them on the front of his jams.
His shoulders heaving as he tried to get his breath back under control, Mycroft ran a hand back over his head, and began to scoop up the tablets.
"G'EG'RY!" Sherlock shouted. "WHERE A'DAMN CAN'LES???"
Mycroft gently pulled Sherlock’s thumb out of his mouth and held his hand below the table. “Jawn. Are you almost finished with your ice cream, lad?”
A bottle of paracetamol rolled out from behind a jar of tomato sauce and bounced off the counter and onto the floor.
"Sherlock,
"Alright, sweetheart." Greg took his place at the end of the procession, and put his hand on Mycroft's bum.
"I y'uuuuuv y'avender!"
"Those is mines???"
"I don't know. A whole bunch of glitter stuck to you earlier." Greg ducked into his bedroom while Sherlock stood in the doorway, and pulled his sock monkey slippers from beneath the bed.
Dare he even ask.
“No, down,” Mycroft mumbled, pulling Sherlock down onto his chest and holding him there. Just five more minutes, that’s all he was asking for. Just five…
about it. But God, being lifted in the air like this?! Jawn knew he was a small man, but having your lower half lifted and cleaned like an infant…
"You just want me to fall asleep on the sofa so you can have the bed to yourself."
"Bri'de."
"That's okay." Greg brushed the front of his sleeper, knocking the crumb back into his bowl. "Yeah, I'd say chocolate's better than a worm any day."
"Yes, but what kind?"
"Is 'sgusting."
Molly slid it back. "Actually a cup of tea would be lovely."
"Perfect. Are you ready to get out and get dressed?"
"Of course. It'll sit perfectly straight now."
Sherlock let his brother take his hands and clean them without a fuss. "...My'cobb?"
"Keeping in mind you don't like the crunch of egg shells."
"Yea," Sherlock yawned. "C'yever."
"You're just jealous."
"I y'ike 'em. An' ships."
John was happy to see him relaxing as he moved the cloth down his pale skin. There was only so much fight that Sherlock could put up, especially when he truly loved bath time. He leaned back, taking in the smell of the bubbles as John continued to scrub him.
"Use the blue you have open first."
Mycroft doubted it very much but kept his comments to himself, leaning into the bathroom to check.
"Hei-hei! Is b'ery 'porda'n!"
didn't."
"If they've got wings underwater, then they have underwater feathers."
"Good boy." Mycroft patted the baby's hip and started to walk away. "Remember...very still."
"If you were a kept man, you'd be kept in my bedroom and no where else."
Billy followed where she pointed and indeed, there was a whole bush that was shaking.
-Unbeta'd
Sherlock rolled his eyes; “
“Mine.”
“Well it’s Daddy’s job to take care of you, and the rules are there to help keep you safe and healthy.” Sherlock snorted derisively at that. “Brat! How about cause Daddy says so?”
"A rash from imaginary sheep?"
"Nuh-uh."
Within moments, Sherlock was gently snoring against Greg's sternum.
“We will get you changed, and then
“Big Mean Jawn Green does sound pretty good though. Can I change my pirate name?” Jawn asked, nearly jogging to keep up.
"I enjoy that film as well." Mycroft queued up the film.
Special, huh? Jawn was a little more intrigued. “I hold?…”
Sherlock made a face and whinged, then opened his mouth and let his brother put the pill on his tongue.
"That's right, muffin," Greg said, leaning in to kiss Sherlock's cheek. "It'll be you an' me and everyone else can get stuff--"
Greg started the movie and leaned back against his pillows, bringing the baby with him and tucking him under his arm. "Hang?"
“Wha’s the dur’fence?” Sherlock asked again, turning his face to the side to peek up at Mycroft with one eye.
“I think we’ve just officially counted out ice cream, don’t you," Mycroft said with a roll of his eyes. “Step down before you fall, Jawn.”
"We have looked
"Made colors?"
Sherlock leaned over and eyeballed it; "..."Tha's no'd a y'ot of cer'al, G'eg."
"Oh'no," Sherlock pouted, his brows knitting together in concern.
Greg shook his head. "Nope."
"Boy, are you daft?" John snaps violently. Sherlock's moves his hand quickly, his fingers shaking as they retract.
"Hims go'd a pi'gshur o'b G'eg!" Sherlock turned the phone to Jawn so he could see it.
"S'ay pu'," Jawn shook his head yes, then no, then in circles. "Shhr'yoook! 'Mere! I gunna ha'b a g'een arm! Y'ike Hulk!!!!!" Jawn's heels drummed the changing table "Jawn smash!"
“Not staying put can be dangerous. Wandering away can be dangerous.”
Sherlock grimaced as he chewed the chalky, artificially-flavoured pills, and then gagged.
Jawn was on his back, sore arm slung across his chest, snoring lightly. Sherlock made to bolt into the room, but Greg pulled him up short. "Remember. One kiss through the bars. If you wake Jawn, you won't get your special treat," Greg whispered.
"On'yee if we're nice'a each o'ver." Jawn pointed to his mouth; "More, p'ease!'
" 'morrow?"
Molly came back and crouched down in front of Mycroft again, so he could zip up her new dress. "That's beauty PAGEN'S!"
Greg frowned at him but held his tongue. Anything would be better than pulling the bandage off as it was.
"Yeah, talk, sure." Greg gave Sherlock a little squeeze and the baby grumbled in his sleep. "I dunno if I can ever even look at him again."
"No, this is Greg's bite."
"We don't want you fallin' off it, love." Greg bent down and got the powder, a nappy, and the baby lotion. "That's an awful long way to the floor. Lie back."
Mycroft shook his head; “No, don’t ‘My’coff’ me…you knew what you were doing was a no-no.” He stooped and reached into the tub to find the plug, pulled it out, then reached for an increasingly worried little detective and lifted him out, as well.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose and shifted again, this time cracking an eye open to glare up at Mycroft.
"Once we've gotten through all this, we'll go. I'll check for the next student exhibition."
"Rea'yee? I c'n do'id!" Sherlock held his mouth open like a baby bird, waiting for his taste.
“I think you lost the privilege of calling anything ‘gross’ the moment you started cultivating a garden in your nappy.”
"The noise just gave you a fright, hm?"
" 'kay! Bye-byes, Sher'yock!" she said again, and waved at him as she followed Greg out of the room.
"This'll feel good. Besides, you know popsicles are cold? And you like those, don'tcha?" Greg asked, unplugging the drain.
“Mmm,” John hums admiring the curve of Sherlock’s nude body. He brushes his fingers over the spot again, and Sherlock almost drops back onto the bed. “You should have thought about what would happen when you decided to be such a slut.” John is dragging his lips down his neck and across the beautiful shoulders of Sherlock Holmes.
"Other injuries?" Mycroft's face went from jovial to thunderous in an instant.
Greg motioned him over. "C'mere, muffin."
Mycroft took the pack of candles back, looking utterly charmed. "Why did you take the candles, pet?"
“Are either of you really going to want to spend more time with me tomorrow?” Mycroft teased, but Sherlock could see his cheeks were pink from across the room.
"Ah, that's right."
"I take it the medicine's havin' an affect?"
"Do you want a spanking?"
"...And to rinse your fish, and we're all set." Greg popped the plug and turned on the water, rinsing the baby and the fish he'd scooped out of the water.
"Christ."
“He can always come over on his own.”
Mycroft flinched; “A little more gentle there, lad…less Hulk, more Banner.”
"Christ, Graham, thank you for the announcement."
Sherlock day quietly, for so long that Mycroft didn’t think he was going to answer; “...It makes thing quiet.”
Sherlock gently touched the flowers' extra petals; "I f'ink it can be la'bender."
Within the first ten minutes, Mycroft could tell this wasn’t a child friendly film. Apparently, several of the dinosaurs at “Jurassic Park” had developed a taste for human flesh. “This needs to be turned off right now, Jawn,” Mycroft scowled--the little doctor had been pushing his luck all day.
"If you'd just stop and let me do it, we'd be done!" Greg turned to Mycroft; "Has he always been this touchy about his face--?"
"Bax'er wan's noo'les, too. O'gay, G'eg? O'gay? Noo'les for Bax'er."
There was a pause on the other end of the line, presumably to fetch a minion. "Is everything alright?"
"No. Absolutely not," Mycroft interrupted.
“No, no, of course you don’t. I’ll explain it when you’re older Pet.”
Mycroft was quiet for a moment as he finished with Sherlock's hands. "Do you need to sit on the step as a reminder to have good listening ears?"
Mycroft used a corner of the towel to gently pat Sherlocks' face and chest dry. "Would you let me shave your face if Gregory held you?"
"Billy and Baxter felt terrible. 'We'll find you a new home, we promise!' Billy told her. 'We'll just have to look somewhere else...you can come with us!'
“Co’ders!” Sherlock insisted, slapping his hands against the floor.
"With sweet talk like that, how could I resist?" Greg went down the hall to the playroom.
"They still dumbs," Sherlock sneered. "Go 'head, go puts them up by you-self," he said, practically shoving Jawn out of the room.
“Good boy,” Mycroft replied, releasing his grip. “Put your bib on, and I’ll let you set yours’ and Jawn’s places, yes?”
o'b dummies."
“Something like that.”
“Sc'oo’s,” Sherlock nodded seriously as he began to draw more fish in neon orange.
“Christ,” Mycroft sighed, staring at the crusty tomato sauce all over the table and the back of Jawn’s chair. Not to mention the pans he’d left to soak.
"Jawn...Jawn, p'ease, G'eg say can you bent you arm?" Sherlock hollered over Jawn's wailing. Sherlock nudged closer but Jawn hid his sore elbow between the vee of his legs.
"-totally justified reaction at a later time?" Mycroft rolled the bag of crisps closed, set them on the counter, then went around the table and picked Sherlock up.
"Y'eci'be is wrong."
The good doctor chuckled again, patting Sherlock's back lightly. "No, I think we will use it; it’s perfect in the right context for you." He listened to Sherlock’s frustrated breathing again, before he started back up. "Right, the consequences; sometimes a smack will do, but there are other things. Time out, loss of privileges, writing lines, early bedtimes… I think we'll leave that up for me to determine, yeah?"
Greg untaped his nappy and pulled it off, raining more glitter.
Sherlock glanced at him out of the corner of his eye, then went back to reading the cascade of text messages. "Do you?"
"Y-y-yes Daddy." Sherlock manages to mutter. "I'm sorry..."
Greg nodded; "Y'ah, we can do play-doh," he said, adding 'at least until your meds kick in,' silently to himself. "But first, I want you to do something for me."
Sherlock grunted as he flopped onto the sofa. It was cushier than the one upstairs. He imagined it swallowing him whole like a sea monster.
John realizes much too late that he can’t make this encounter the gentle love making he’d intended for their first time. Luckily, Sherlock doesn’t appear to need sensual love making at the moment, his guttural groans and urgent kissing urging John to an almost frantic pace.
He stretched and blinked to clear his vision. That's right, he remembered...they'd been taking a nap.
Sherlock giggled as the movement made the taffeta tickle his naked legs; " 'Gain, G'eg! 'Gain!"
"Almost done over there?"
“No, you’ll be getting–YOU’LL BE USING A LITTLE FORK, AS WELL,” Mycroft finished, having to raise his voice over the protests of “I DON’T!” and “NOT A BABY!” from the little doctor. “Jawn, shush!”
"Um, we weren'd, um, we weren'd ba'h?"
“C-cap, Captain,” Jawn corrected.
“You sound like Sherlock.”
Mycroft's pocket buzzed again.
Sherlock popped them into his mouth and walked down the hall, back towards the nursery. "My clothes are here?"
"Those two are Jawn's pieces, apparently." Greg sighed, quickly closing the box before Jawn could help himself to more. Mycroft nudged his shoulder, handing him an opened beer.
"I'm not surprised, after an up-sell like that."
Sherlock pouted at him. "You tri'gged me."
"Last bit is your face...you ready, muffin?"
Mycroft turned and unlocked the door, holding it open. The pair filed in and up the stairs.
Mycroft hummed his agreement, unwilling to point out what a little fuss pot Jawn actually was. He laid Jawn back down and stripped him of his sodden nappy.
"...Hello?" John finally said.
"Wait...the bunny quacks?!"
"Bu'd I wanna wear i'd," Sherlock whinged, holding his heavily ringed fingers against his chest.
"I y'ooooove po'scicles, G'eg. We can have mo'?" Sherlock stood up and let Greg use the detachable shower head to rinse off the last of the bubbles and grass.
"We no'd ma'ge fun o'b bir'fday song! Tha'ds r'ood!"
Mycroft whirled around, leaving the stove to go see what on earth Gregory was talking about.
"Sna'g?" Sherlock asked, moving his hand. "C'n I ha'b po'bcorm?"
“Is…this…the sink…William…Sherlock…Scott…Holmes.”
Greg cocked his eyebrow. "How appropo'."
Sherlock giggled and mashed Mycroft’s cheeks together, giving him a fish pout.
“Hmm,” Mycroft hummed. Perhaps his little brother was right…Jawn wasn’t quite your average goldfish. “Sherlock’s reputation as the world’s ‘only’ consulting detective might need to be reevaluated,” he said, patting Jawn on the head. “How should we lure him out? Threat of torture? Tie a string to a box and a stick and set his microscope underneath?”
"Yes it is. But getting out of bed isn't the only issue at the moment is it, Pet?"
“I’ll get even Mycroft!” John shouted after him. “I look like a chubby little hedgehog? Brilliant!”
Jawn was on his knees in one of the chairs, his entire face buried in the open bag. "Where ca'ge???"
"Sherlock, sweetheart, the plaster is already off."
Mycroft bit his tongue, tempted to show the bratty little doctor just how much a wet bottomed spanking stung, but…
“That would be delightful, John. Thank you.”
“Hm, I wonder if your bottom still warm?” Mycroft asked amicably, releasing the hold he had on Sherlock’s ankle to cross his arms over his chest.
Mycroft turned over on his side. "No cupcakes."
"I y'ub c'isps."
"You be quiet,too. Are you done eating?"
"Brilliant boy! Now put the peanut butter in the bowl," Mycroft said as he screwed the lid back on the jar.
"Um..." Sherlock gazed up towards the ceiling, deep in thought. "Ou'thide?"
"Care'bull'ee," Sherlock nodded.
"I'm glad."
“Shush, both of you.” Mycroft held open the door to the chippy, grateful for the mercifully short walk. He snagged Sherlock’s arm before he could drag Jawn to the back of the eating area to an array of video games and claw machines.
"Lavender is an excellent color for this flower." Mycroft got to his feet and pulled Sherlock with him. "Can you sit on the bench and hold our flowers while I get the supplies to change their colors?"
"That's not fine." Greg held Sherlock close and tried to slide out from under him sideways.
“You’re both babies.” Mycroft stepped in before his little brother could respond and took the silverware from him. “You, go wash your hands,” he said as he placed them, then stopped short at the brightly-coloured confectionery plate that had been set aside for him. Mycroft gave Sherlock a dry look; “Hardy-har-har.”
"Ye'sh..." he admitted reluctantly.
“I find that a bit hard to believe, lad. You have a working mouth, don’t you?”
"I y'am b'ery fun."
"I really wouldn't have." Greg leaned in and kissed Mycroft's forehead. "He'd have fussed as much as he just did and would have been asleep a half hour ago."
"Shush, you're supposed to be on my side." Greg took the phone from Sherlock to find the music app, setting off a whole chorus of whinging and "Nooo, I do'it! Mine, Ge'g, mine phone!" until he gave it back with a huff.
“Si’d wi’f me! We ha’b sam’widge an’ ca’ge!” Jawn wiggled and made grabby hands at Sherlock who obediently sat next to him, putting his head down on the table.
Mycroft glanced up and frowned. "Don't."
"Wa'sh for s'inger." Sherlock carefully lifted his bum.
"I doooooooon't knooooooooow!' Jawn wailed, rocking back and forth on the floor.
Mycroft heaved a huge sigh; thank God, this would be the last big step before their bedtime, and there would finally be some peace around here. He rolled his sleeves up past his elbows, and went to fetch Jawn out of the bath. “How is this helping, exactly?” he grunted as he lifted the giant, soaking wet toddler out of the water at arms’ length.
"The muscle relaxer may make him constipated. That's what they do, relax your muscles, so it may make it hard for him to, y'know,
"There's nothing we can do about that right now, Gregory." Mycroft said, his voice clipped. "Seats can be cleaned, clothes can be washed, infants can be bathed."
"Gregory."
“I can’t hear!” Jawn whined, looking up at Mycroft and silently pleading with him to do something.
"Unless we fill the baby pool."
"Which means you have room for a few more. C'mon, muffin, let's invite more friends to that party in your tummy."
Mycroft smiled to himself. “It always did. I mostly hum, myself…Sherlock’s awfully lucky he has someone who can carry a tune now.”
"Rea'yee?!" Sherlock held his hands over his mouth for a moment before clapping them.
"Small ste'bs, G'eg."
"My cu'b?"
"Gi'b me," Jawn said, holding out his hand. "I gi'b i'd to hims."
“Nnnnnnn.”
"You're making me want ice cream, Myc."
The blood-pooled eye. The swelling. The bruising. The stitches.
“You prefer purple.”
Sherlock carefully poured the batter, not missing a drop; "I di' i'd."
Mycroft brushed his fingers back through Sherlock's hair. " 'I'm afraid we can't," Billy told her sadly. 'We don't know how.'
"You're really not worried about that?"
"It's called a bustle."
"Oh lord," Mycroft sighed as his big, black car pulled up. He opened the back door and ushered Sherlock inside. "What did he say?"
"Do you need to use your safe word, Sherlock?" John's voice is calm; his thumb making patterns on the inside of Sherlock's wrist.
"I c'n hel'b," Sherlock said, dipping his fingers into the bowl.
“Poor thing. Let’s get comfy.” Mycroft undid Sherlock’s trousers and pushed them down, then slipped a finger into the leg hole of his nappy and found it dry. “Here. Sit.” He gently pushed Sherlock until he flopped onto the bed.
"I wish we had popsicle sticks. Could build a little garage for the faerie house. You think they zip around in little magical cars?"
"Yes, love, that's a pretty flower."
"I agree."
“And what’s got you so sour, hm?” Mycroft asked, picking out a pair of blue and green plaid pajama pants.
"Maybe?" Sherlock said around an impish grin.
"Here we are," Greg said, pulling out the soft, grey and white romper-style onesie. "Could I convince you to wear some socks, too?"
Sherlock wrinkled his nose and shook his head as he chewed, then held out his hand for another.
"Jawn," Sherlock tapped his shoulder; "why nah take med'cine?"
"Thur'pithe?" Sherlock lisped.
"Yes, wait for us...Gregory and I need to wipe the table first."
Jawn looked massively offended at the implication. “We don’ pee on the floor,” he said as Sherlock scurried around him to drop their bath toys back in basket. “Tha’s gross!”
“Yes. The whirlwind of thoughts, all the details, all the input, narrows to almost nothing. I imagine it’s how regular people live.”
"I wan' hal'b."
"Four?"
“Get some rest, I’ll see you tomorrow.” John says, already heading down the stairs. The front door slams before Sherlock rights himself, his knees protesting. The evidence of John’s presence is all over his body, but John himself is gone. He blinks owlishly at the wallpaper for a few moments before moving stiffly off the sofa and down the hallway to his room.
“I don’t think he does, Sherlock. Not when he’s little. If you can’t apologize, then go sit on the step until I tell you to get up.” Mycroft reached for Jawn’s unoccupied hand. “Come along, little one…Sherlock needs some alone time.”
“It’s like Batman’s belt?! Of course!” Sherlock crowed, trying to get it off Mycroft’s arm.
“It wasn’t nice. And that’s why I’ve apologized. You should, as well.”
"I know you do." Mycroft pulled the nappy cream out; "Aha! We need to sort out this changing table."
"Here, finish your bottle, pet."
"He's already out," Greg said.
"Do I still need to put you in your crib?"
Mycroft shook his head and quickly did up Sherlock’s nappy. “Almost bedtime.
Sherlock's face lit up with his big, crooked smile. "Okay, swee'dhear'd!" he said, and hurried down the hallway after Greg and Molly.
"Is'no'd eyeba'hs. Or f'eckles."
As if on a timer, his phone beeped an incoming email. Mycroft opened it to find Sherlock's most recent medical forms, just as he'd requested:
“The a'bengers win.”
Mycroft came down the last few steps to stand next to Sherlock and, without a word, lifted him up into his arms and held him.
“Jawn is far too little to change your nappy, Sherlock. Please don’t be tedious...this needn’t be anymore unpleasant than it already is.”
Sherlock's chin began to quiver.
"You like lots of things," Greg said, testing the water.
"I know that, too." Mycroft handed the nappy cream to Sherlock to hold and went to dig in the dresser next.
Mycroft rolled his eyes…he was hardly striking him that hard. He gave a firmer slap to the chubbiest part of Sherlock’s bottom, setting off another string of wailing and blubbering.
Mycroft only grunted at him, his focus now solely on the movie.
“It is just an umbrella.”
"I y'ike tha'd idea be'dder."
Sherlock beamed behind his bottle, more milk dribbling.
Almost. Until he remembered the bite.
"F'ank'oo."
"And that's the only thing saving the skin of your arse, Gregory."
"Shud'dup." Greg tried valiantly to brush more grass away from Sherlock's nethers, but it was simply a lost cause.
"What else did you think I meant? "
"A'licious! Mo', p'ease?"
Having spent most of last night planning, there’s no way that he won’t be able prompt John into giving him what he wants.
"Wonderful idea." Mycroft had refilled his pot and selected a pale yellow ribbon for his Daisies. "Which beads would you like?" he asked as he carefully gathered them together and tied them near their blooms, making a tent-like shape.
Sherlock seemed to respond well to the praise, something that genuinely surprised John. Rules were rules, and while John would expect them to be followed, he was more excited to talk to Sherlock about rewards rather then the punishments. He pulled his detective closer to his body. Cuddles were not a reward, cuddles were just cuddles and John enjoyed them just as much Sherlock.
Mycroft looked down at Jawn.
Sherlock kneels naked on the bed, turning the toy over in his hands. If he does this, and is caught, there'll be hell to pay. The thought sends shivers down his spine and has him reaching into the night table for the lube. He slicks his fingers, working the lube to warm it like he's seen John do many times before. He holds the thick clear silicone in one hand and with the other runs a slick finger around the entrance before slipping it all the way in. A moan catches low in his throat. The fake hole feels good, almost like a real one. He works in another finger, and then another, moving slowly.
Jawn gave him a filthy look and pulled his hands away before Sherlock could use the dish sponge on him.
"You lost the fogs?" Greg pulled in front of the flat, parking illegally. "I don't know what that means, sweetheart." Greg found the front door unlocked, something he'd scold them about later. He could hear Jawn all the way from the foyer.
“So, like the Hulk? And Thor?”
Mycroft moved quickly, holding tight to Jawn’s trousers to keep the squirming baby in place and muttering soft encouragements in order to stall the fit he was seemingly about to throw.
"I will help you with that tomorrow. What should we order for dinner? Something Jawn will like."
"Language," Greg said without any heat.
“I’m glad, but that was taken care of and forgiven then.” Mycroft stopped patting and leaned forward; “But do you know what else you could both do?”
"I didn't trick you. I asked a question, and you answered." Greg took him by the hand and gave it a squeeze. "C'mon, muffin...Let's get you your seven cereals." He then led Sherlock into the hallway; "Stay right here for ten seconds while Greg gets your medicine."
"Good, cause
Hey, if it worked once already, it would work again.
"Mycroft-"
“What d'at means, My'coff?” Sherlock frowned, gently patting his older brother’s cheek.
"My'coff had'da ba' d'eam?" Sherlock reached over with one hand and patted his brother's hip. "My'coff okay?"
"Grainy, black and white, subtitles, peeeerfect."
"Goo' p'yan!"
“So’ree,” Jawn whispered. “I y’ike chips a lot.”
Sherlock sighed and looked back over his shoulder. "Why I'm no'd a'yyowed in'na c'yose'd??"
"Hi, Muffin," Greg called back over his shoulder, and went on to answer the door.
“Soap!”
"Jesus," Greg muttered, both relieved and saddened all at once. He turned to go back into the kitchen and found Mycroft's posh-twat ice bucket (he couldn't even think the word without rolling his eyes), and put the milk bottle in, then added the ice around it.
Sherlock plopped down onto the floor, cross-legged, and folded his arms over his chest. “You can’t make me,” he grumbled.
Sherlock giggled at him, gripping the front of his jumper and wiggling excitedly. "No, no, no, Daddy! I want it! You're not allowed to return my treat! Pretty please!"
"Hol' i'd to you eye. Tha's i'd."
"Y'ea. I y'ike id. B'acey'ets?"
Sherlock nodded seriously and went to find them the perfect table, inspecting each carefully before moving on to the next.
"I y'ub fros'ing."
"I am aware, and I understand. But it's very cool in here right now, and I don't want you getting cold."
“I’m probably going to have to clear off the bed and find clean shits....sheets.” Mycroft shook his head, suddenly sleepier than he’d been in ages. “Or I’ll kip on the sofa.” He opened the door to the boys ‘big’ room to find the room spotless and the bed freshly made.
“G’een, Sher’yock?” Jawn peeped. He’d scooted his bum across the floor and was half in the sitting room, playing with an action figure he’d found wedged behind his chair.
“Mmmm, until I blistered his arse.”
"Shush." Mycroft carried his baby brother into the kitchen.
follow suite and make a honking noise.
A loud
"Oh. Right. Is it this freckle?"
Sherlock stopped and looked up at Greg. "Ah'duce?"
"I be goo'. P'ease fros'ing?" Sherlock pleaded, his bottom lip poking out.
"Hey," Mycroft leaned in next to him, still whispering. "Uncle Greg and I have a surprise for you after dinner." Sherlock turned and blinked up at him, still holding his pizza to his mouth. "But shhh...it's a special helper surprise."
"Bax'er turn!" Sherlock babbled happily and picked up a fistful of cake, then held it to his bunny's mouth while Greg silently prayed that he wouldn't end up having to wash peanut butter off of a very important stuffed animal that night.
"Awwww, baby..." Christ, that was the saddest thing he'd ever heard. Greg popped the dummy he'd brought downstairs into the baby's mouth, hoping that would help settle him...and it did, a bit. It stopped the sobbing, but tears were still dribbling out of the corners of Sherlock's eyes as he blinked up at them, looking miserable.
“Look, My'coff, look!” Sherlock’s hands were on his cheeks and gently guided his face back to the screen. “Dino'rawrs!!!”
Jawn took a deep breath and blew a giant raspberry…he wasn’t getting to do anything now, and he wasn’t even in trouble. He turned sideways and squeezed beside Mycroft and Sherlock on the stairs; “What’s he cryin’ for, anyway?” he said, having to raise his voice over Sherlock now.
"Nope"
Sherlock was out of his seat and headed down the hallway in a single heartbeat, bare feet slapping the tile.
"Hey now! I don't whinge." Greg had helped the baby off the counter and was using his own hands to work up a lather of soap on Sherlock's hands.
"Eating biscuits out of the trash isn't very nice either." Greg handed him a fresh biscuit. "Do as Mycroft says."
Greg and Mycroft watched, and after a few taps of Sherlock's thumb on the screen and a narrowing of his eyes, Greg couldn't stand it anymore. He exchanged a glance with Mycroft, who's only reply was an empty shrug. "...What is it?"
"Aw, the boys would love that," Greg said, and passed Mycroft the sugar bowl.
"Had to try."
"Jawn doesn' wear clothes!" Molly chirped, missing the way Sherlock winced at the mention of his name.
"Yes, I know. I'm glad you're here to rescue your pajamas." Mycroft finished powdering and got Sherlock's nappy taped up. "Let's put your pajamas on now."
Greg's face fell. "Aw, Sherlock..."
“Oh, no,” Jawn whispered; “I’m so sorry, My'coff.” The little doctor sounded near tears.
He laid his head back on John's jumper covered shoulder; his favorite place to be. "Alright, Daddy."
"In our house. Let alone two."
Well, sort of used to this. “Yes, good boy. Can you, very carefully, get big brother a glass for water?”
"This is the same juice Gregory has, only in a cup."
Sherlock sighed; "Noooooo... my C'UB!" he said again, and pointed to his sippy cup.
"And the rats," Greg said, sounding less enthused as he popped open the snaps on Sherlock's onesie and hiked it up around his waist. "I didn't even know rat adoptions were a thing."
"And we can have whatever you'd like for supper."
"Quite a few. Mummy doesn’t have much of a singing voice, but she loved to sing when we were small.”
"Sherlock! Christ!"
“Maybe it has a poisonous dart gun!” Sherlock clapped hands, delighted.
Sherlock went still, his eyes on Mycroft; "...My bir'fday?"
Mycroft was just opening his mouth to tell them how sickeningly sweet they were being, when the doorbell rang. "I'll get that," he said, handing Greg the napkin. "You make sure there's not a mess when I get back."
"You never saw Mary Poppins?"
Mycroft kept his arm around Sherlock's waist, and leant down to kiss his temple. "Someone's ready for bed."
Molly giggled. "When he wants to!"
"Not yet, but you will be if you stay at this rate."
Greg rolled his eyes. The Holmes's and their bloody quote-unquote 'logic'. "Anything else you might want to tell me? Any other businesses, houses, secret husbands you might have forgotten?"
Mycroft sighed…this night was never going to end. “Sherlock Holmes,” he repeated as he turned around, a warning already on his lips. “One,” he said…
“Thank God,” Mycroft grumbled, struggling to his feet. “You both better stay in bed until 7am at the earliest or hell will out.”
“What? No. He’s an army Captain.” Jawn fiddled with his dummy, rubbing it on his mouth.
"A'cause st'ing?"
"Gregory, you're an absolute monster," Mycroft teased, wagging a spatula at him.
“I asked you a question, little boy.”
Greg turned to quietly scurry off, when Mycroft called after him. "And more sunscreen? I used the last of it on him."
"C'n ha'b ten cer'als?"
Mycroft sighed quietly, and sat back down.
“You didn’ say it wasn’, you jus’ said for Sherlock not to be rude ‘bout it! Does it have smoke bombs?!” Jawn reached for the umbrella.
"Sure, sure," Greg said, grunting as he repeated the same process and shoved the other boot onto Sherlock's foot.
"I y'ike mil'sakes."
"Y'ah, fin'er," Sherlock nodded, but he took another look around the yard while worrying his bottom lip with his teeth.
The little doctor’s face and ears turned three shades of red. Mycroft didn’t bother waiting for a response and instead tugged Jawn close by the top of his trousers and checked the state of Jawn’s nappy for himself. “You need a changing as well. Come along, lads.”
"Not exactly. Go get some and I will show you."
Mycroft sighed, and stared down at his snoozing little brother in a way that almost seemed wistful.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide and he clasped both hands over his nose.
"Cantankerous little thing. I fed you chocolate cereal; you should be on my side."
Sherlock dumped his entire net into the rubbish can and raced back to the tub; “Jawn, share, Jawn,” one foot poised over the edge.
"Alright, hold your horses."
"I kee'b y'ibbon, o'gay? I wan'id for my fairies house."
Or the kicking.
"Up we go, then," Mycroft said, giving his little brother a boost up onto the counter, and retrieved a plastic mixing spoon from the drawer below him.
"No. You're going to keep Gregory company." Mycroft took Sherlocks' arm as he wobbled on his feet.
“Mister Big Mean Jawn Green needs to stay with the rest of his crew, still!” Mycroft said as he ushered Sherlock through the door, while the little detective made increasingly frustrated grunts and tried to unhook his fingers from Mycroft’s grip. “No, little boys like you have to hold hands while we’re outside.”
"You sure you're done eating, muffin?"
Sherlock slowly scooted up the bed and laid down. As the tapes on his nappy came undone he blindly reached for Jawn, and the little doctor quickly replaced the corner of the pillow with Sherlock’s thumb.
“Yes huh!” Sherlock pointed the umbrella menacingly at Jawn.
"Nooo, d'as MY be'yee!"
“Co'doring My pit'cher?!”
Sherlock pinched his lips together, and very quickly looked back down at his dozing bundle.
Sherlock chewed his fingers and watched as Greg squeezed out a small dollop of ointment on to the plaster. "Ou'ssy?"
"We swim to a bo'ddom o'b a pon' in My'cobb story! They wa'ss mo' faeries dow' there!"
"No, no, no. This bit is mine."
"Alright, love, I'm coming," Greg groaned, leaning up and switching off the monitor. He stretched and slid out of bed, careful not to disturb Mycroft.
"Don't repeat that," Greg scolded as he set Jawn on the floor and made him sit. "You stay here...you gonna be okay with them both?" he asked, turning to Mycroft.
"Mean ole arsehole," Greg mumbled against the top of Sherlock's head. "We have a game plan for tomorrow?"
"'Course you are, muffin. Not everyone's that nice about sharing their toys."
"Yes?"
Sherlock stared balefully back at the rows of games and tried one more time to free himself…with no such luck. “My, please?!” he begged, with little regard to the volume of his voice. “We’ll stay right there!”
“But what if you’re wrong now about being right?”
"That's right," Greg said, holding Sherlocks' arm as he stepped in. "Maybe chips too, if Mycroft's feeling generous."
"The what?"
"Hur'ds."
"Pineapple on the side."
"App'a."
"What do you want me to say?"
“Playing claw machines is unsafe?” Jawn looked completely gob smacked.
"Fiss'id," Sherlock nodded.
Greg finally got it the rest of the way on Sherlock's foot with a grunt.
Mycroft took that in stride and quickly rid him of his trousers. “I’m pleased that you take such good care of Sherlock," he said, and checked Jawn’s nappy for wetness, getting an indignant squeak from the little doctor. “But the point of being little is so that you don’t have to worry.” Mycroft held open the pajama bottoms for Jawn to step into.
"Jus' cause you dun know 'em, dun mean they dun has names." Jawn turned his nose up at Sherlock.
"Love you little man." John drops a last kiss on his forehead before guiding him back down and pulling the duvet up to his shoulders.
Sherlock followed his brother into the kitchen and put his cups next to Mycroft's on the window sill.
Greg blushed. "No," he mumbled, and hopped down from the counter.
“I ha’de i'd.”
“Then why are you near tears after being sat on the naughty step?”
It takes a moment for John to recover from Sherlock's sudden carnal urge, his prick fully sheathed in Sherlock's tight hole.
Sherlock took the bag from Greg. "That won't be necessary."
Sherlock pressed answer and put the phone to his ear, barely registering Mycrofts' quiet gasp, or Gregs' "No, wait--!"
Sherlock popped his thumb out of his mouth and made grabby hands at the dummies; “Mmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyy.”
"Wasn't arguing, lovey. What does everyone want on their pizza?"
"Yay!" Sherlock clapped and tried not to fuss when Mycroft used the flannel to wash his face.
He'd found a patch of dried blood.
"I do my best."
Jawn sat up before he made it to the door.
"It's alright, Pet," John softens, pressing kisses up Sherlock’s belly lovingly, stopping briefly to lap at the mess on his skin. "I kind of like that I can make you cum without touching you."
"U'b-bse'd."
“That’s my boy.” It passes over John’s lips as a mere whisper, and Sherlock looks up to see his Daddy coming undone, and he has not even pulled out the big guns. John wants a dirty mouth? Sherlock would give him a dirty mouth.
Mycroft took a slow, deep breath…this had been his idea in the first place, after all. “Because I said so, and yes, Sherlock, you can have it in a cup instead. Actually, that’s a better idea…you’re both getting cups.”
“Shh, keep playing with your bubbles,” Mycroft replied, and held down the little bottle for Sherlock to reach--while he didn’t cut the movie completely off, he made sure to fast-forward and skip the more, er,
He licks his lips and closes his eyes, leaning in when John moves closer to him, so he’s unprepared for the sharp slap to his thinly trousered thigh. “I said; trousers and pants off; kneel on the sofa.” That tone of voice again. But he’s too stunned by the fact that he’s accidentally disobeyed John to be able to process. He strips his bottoms in record time and is kneeling on the edge of the sofa with his back to John.
"I y'ike d'is par'd."
"That we can fix this. That this isn't..." Greg chewed his lip and stared hard at the fish on tv.
'He's gotten lost!' Billy cried, and covered his face with his hands. 'This is why we were strung together.'
“Hello?”
"Bye-bye, Sher'yock. Feel better. Call me if you need anything."
“I already have one of those.” Sherlock mumbled, pulling his new friend out of his cardboard enclosure and touching their noses together.
"I looked in the drawer and didn't see em," Greg said over the sound of Sherlock whinging about being pulled back onto the bed.
Sherlock let out a disgruntled squawk about being rattled around, which for some reason made Mycroft laugh even harder. “I need to go to bed; I'm nearly as badly as you lot,” Mycroft said, wiping at his eyes.
John closes both eyes hard for a moment and takes a breath before maneuvering Sherlock under the covers.
"G'eg be'yee roun'."
"Yes indeed."
"I y'ub bee y'ams."
Mycroft stood with his hands on his hips, scowling at the little monster rolling himself back and forth on the carpet.
"G'eg y'ike mo'bies I pi'g."
"Sherlock! I told you to stay put!"
Greg breathed a small sigh of relief, and let his 'b'wown' eyes do the same.
"Myc?"
"Well, I didn't know that's what you were getting, did I."
“Alright Sherlock, go on then, and back to bed after.” John turns back to his paper but Sherlock continues to fidget in doorway.
"La'bender."
"I think these are sweet enough; I can already feel the sugar coma."
“Where you sitting on my dinosaur figures?!” Jawn demanded, poking Sherlock in the shoulder with his cookie.
Mycroft responded by shutting the bathroom door and turning the lock.
John looks up from his phone and stares at Greg. Sherlock's huddled in his chair, knees to his chest. Maybe G'eg is mad at him too? Da'yee hadn't been mad until he was so mad he was hurting Sherlock so it was hard to tell? And he'd 'zerved it so that's fine, kinda. But his head hurts and his vision is blurry and even if he earned it, he doesn't think he can take more right now.
Greg opened his eyes.
“Yes, well,” Sherlock huffed a strained laugh; “As you’re well aware I’m pretty much indestructible, so.” Sherlock could feel Mycroft get up from the table, his brothers' usual restraint pushed to its very limits.
Sherlock giggled until Greg unzipped his sleeper, and then he whinged and pulled it closed again. "Is col', G'eg," he pouted.
"No, no, no, no!" Jawn sobbed into his shoulder, and Greg shushed him.
"Insufferable," Mycroft shot back with a smirk of his own. "Speaking of John..."
The little man shrugged.
"...Sherlock?" John sounded afraid.
She skimmed through it quickly; "...The stuff that isn't trauma related, I told him the other day."
"Right. Good. Good manners." Greg stepped through the door that the driver held open and went over to the open door of the car. "Okay. Easy."
“Yes, I know they are, but I want to hear that you remember them.”
"So, what do we need to make chocolate batter?"
The familiar fire licking low in his belly moves from a slow burn to a house fire as he watches John growl down at him possessively. "d-d-d-d-addy" he stutters out around the staccato of John's pounding thrusts. "P-pl-please....c-c-cum, I-I-I...pl-please."
"No," Mycroft said quickly.
Sherlock slow blinked at him.
He had just finished up and was admiring his handwork when he heard the door to the landing open. Daddy was home!
"No. Seriously, Gregory."
Sherlock cried into his bunny all through the rest of his nappy change, and all the harder when they got him out of his pajamas and into the new onesie.
“I thought they were just brown. Do they actually taste like chocolate?”
John stares at him incredulously for a moment before he starts to laugh. From deep in his chest and so hard his sides ache and there are tears in his eyes.
Greg had just finished pouring Sherlock's bottle and was screwing the lid on tight when he felt something poke him in the ribs, prompting him to shout and jump no less than three feet into the air.
"Then there will be white powder everywhere instead of grass."
"You've been played," Mycroft whispered into his ear as he handed Greg a beer.
Sherlock froze, his face falling into a pout as his eyes welled up.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“That duck is perfectly capable of making it all the way to the sink.”
He pulled out his phone, meaning to text Anthea to have a fresh suit delivered here to the flat first thing in the morning, but once he laid back and let his head touch the pillow...well, he didn't get past "Have a suit--" before his eyes betrayed him and closed on their own, and that's when Mycroft Holmes fell into the deepest, most restful sleep he'd had in years, phone still in hand.
"I'm just trying to brush you off a bit, sweetheart--"
“No, no ones in trouble. Can you help me dispose of the rubbish?”
"We've been eating a lot, but I'm starved."
"She's never been more wrong." John said buttoning his plaid shirt.
Sherlock scowled at the table for a moment before stealthily sliding out of his chair. Despite being heavily padded, he moved gracefully around the few other patrons and to the back of the dining room.
“How oddly insightful of him.” Mycroft opened a cupboard and pulled out a package of Jammie Dodgers. “Would you like a biscuit, Jawn?”
“It’s different to want a thing, than to actually have it, yea?” John murmured as he stroked gentle circles into the nape of his neck.
"My'cob sh'ange?" Sherlock tilted his head back to look up at his brother, crumbs coating the corners of his mouth.
The pair of bowls full of soggy chocolate cereal sitting on his floor, however, were not cute.
“Jaaaawwwn.”
"Gregory."
"...I can'nah hear Moana, My'coff."
He found Greg and Mycroft sitting at the kitchen table, with the rest of the kitchen in complete disarray. They each held a mug of tea, which neither of them drank from. His phone, wallet, and keys were sat at his usual place at the table.
Greg laughed out loud as he sat up, then helped the still sputtering baby sit up, too. "Yeah, that was funny, wasn't it?" he said, leaning Sherlock against his shoulder and patting his back. "Uncle Greg's hilarious."
"Rea'yee? May'be faeries c'n y'ive in my bee boots."
Jawn puffed his chest like an indignant hen. “NO, My’coff!” he insisted. “See?!” He tried to spear one of the noodles with his little fork, and managed to get it halfway to his mouth before it fell off and landed back on his plate with a soft ‘splat’.
Sherlock was asleep, sprawled between him and Mycroft.
"I know." Mycroft tried to sit Sherlock on the bed but the baby clung to him, his sobbing ramping up again. "Alright, I hear you. You're alright," Mycroft turned and sat on the bed, arranging Sherlock in his lap. The baby wiggled as close as he could get, huffing a sigh against Mycroft's neck.
"Pua! I y'ub him."
“No pets.” John says mostly to the screen of his laptop.
Mycroft helped himself to one last bite, he’d make the driver stop for take away on the way home. “Is everyone full? Good. Put your plates and silverware into the sink please.”
"But then who's gonna stay and help me find the batteries, hm?"
A glance at Jawn’s stricken expression tamped down the festive feelings.
Greg hissed through his teeth as he watched Sherlock put Jawn down. One jerky movement, and Jawn would be up and squalling. But, true to his word, Sherlock was careful.
"Yeah, we'll see if we can find her. You want to climb back up here and help me?"
"Sure." Greg tossed the onesie into the hamper. "Do you want to do them?"
Sherlock paused from licking his fingers. "Wha'd?"
"Why they ta'ge the ba'dd'ries an' then ge'd mad I d'un wan' p'yay wif tha' toy?"
'Well I do! It's very rude to tear down someone's home.'"
Mycroft stood Sherlock up and moved him out of the way…he doubted Jawn would stomp on him, accidentally or otherwise, but he wasn’t risking it. “Jawn, this is your last chance. Of course I’m going to tell you ‘what’s what’, I’m the adult. And I’m telling you to get your bum down before you get hurt.”
"Because...the oven is hot and you're less likely to get burned if you're dressed."
Greg snorted; "You love socks. And they keep your feet from getting sweaty and crusty."
Sherlock sat up on his elbow with a wild fringe of hair falling over his eyes. Now that his brother was responding, he giggled and the corners of a big, wide smile came out from hiding behind the edges of his dummy. “Up!”
Sherlock just cried and pushed Greg's hands out of the way so he could lay his head back on his shoulder.
"Easy! Gentle touches for your very old big brother." Mycroft rearranged him until his head was reclined on Mycroft's shoulder.
"Myyyyyyyyyyyyyc."
Greg could hear Sherlock giggling behind him; "...S'eff My'g."
"I pour and y'ick the spoons."
"I know."
Sherlock stayed at the table and craned his neck to watch what Greg was doing, and gave an excited clap when he saw the plate of little cakes coming back out. "Cu'bca'ges!"
"Bu'd why can'd I hel'b y'ook?"
"B'ue," Sherlock nodded.
"I din'nah wan' 'em then."
"Hm. Regular people also crawl around in nappies while pissing themselves and sucking on their thumbs? And actively trying to get their arses smacked?"
He gathered four plastic cups and ran a little water into each one, then searched out and found the box of food colouring from the high shelf in the pantry.
"They swim."
Water being splashed in his face was the final straw, and Sherlock began to wail and sputter as he tried to push Mycroft away and sit up. "
"Easy with all that charm."
"My'cobb!" Sherlock struggled to sit up. "We nee' ba'dd'ries!"
"Nevermind, muffin."
Bits of soggy lettuce clung to Jawn’s skin and to the inside of his discarded nappy. “Please put your nappy into the rubbish can.”
tired. "I thought you didn't want a spanking."
Jawn stared, wide-eyed, at Sherlock’s rump wiggling beneath the table. One thumb was in his mouth and his other hand was rubbing his sore bum.
"He glowed, did he?" Greg grinned and stood back up, unfolding one of their big, puffy adult nappies that he'd grown so fond of. Sherlock sat back as well, causing a mass of sleep-mussed curls to fall over his eyes. "That reminds me of another bunny we knew. Lay down for Greg, muffin."
"You're cute when you pout." Mycroft held a bite of calamari out to Greg.
John gaped at him for a moment, then began to giggle. “Sher’yock has hic’um’ups!” he said, looking back at Mycroft as if this were the best news in the world.
Greg slumped further in bed, all the fight gone out of him. "We'll blister his ass later?"
"I thought you said you weren't hungry anymore?"
“That, is an outdoor toy,” Mycroft grumbled, glaring daggers.
Sherlock nodded put his thumb in his mouth and kept listening.
"You look surprised." Mycroft took Jawn's speechlessness as an opportunity to wipe his mouth with the paper napkin that had come with the bag.
"I do love kitties, kitty cups especially, but I can't be...small right now. I have to head to work after this." She blushed a bit at having voiced her headspace out loud, but kept her head up.
"Of course. Wouldn't dream of leaving Bumble behind." Greg grabbed up the tea-stained bee and handed it to the baby, which calmed him down considerably once he squeezed it to make it light up and hum.
"What, you can't handle an inebriated toddler?"
“I can’t believe those idiots. A complete waste of cab fare!” Sherlock moaned, slamming in the front door and up the steps.
"Soon. You two can cuddle up while I finish up a few things," Mycroft smiled and tried to pat down Greg's hair, which only made it worse.
"Boarding school had certain benefits."
“You can tell a lot about a man by the way he dots his I’s.”
"My shoulders are wider than my hips."
"Dig in."
“Oh you," Mycroft sighed, "...that was only a little one!”
"I y'ub id!" Sherlock waggled it at Mycroft before taking a big bite; "Nee's sauce."
Sherlock took up his big spoon with glee and got a heaping load of cereal on it. "Y'ook! Boo'tiful!"
Mycroft made a face at him. They both knew damn well that the mermaid movie wasn't on Netflix.
Greg looked up; "I didn't know that did that."
Sherlock sighed before pushing himself to his feet. He picked up his cup and marched over and tried to hand it to Mycroft. “A'c c'ean.”
"You leave me by myself to go to the shops when I'm small."
"A'sides fros'ing." Sherlock set down another cupcake and started to lick his fingers...but then remembered what his brother said about waiting, and picked up another cupcake instead.
"Bu'd you so'gs
Mycroft didn’t even flinch at the hostility.
Jawn stopped and craned his neck to peer around Mycroft. “...Sherlock?” he called softly.
Greg's shoulders slumped as he relaxed. "Yeah, I promise," he sighed. "Won't happen again, love, I swear."
“At the moment that’s exactly what you are," Mycroft said, holding Sherlock’s hips firmly in place as the little detective wiggled in excitement to see his Jawn. “But I should be happy to help.”
"Good boy; last one for the evening." Greg placed the biscuit in Sherlock's waiting hands. "Then it's time for your bottle."
“He means colours!” Jawn shouted from the other room. “Crayons!”
"Yes...which one did you like better?"
Greg shrugged; "We've always planned stuff with the both of them. And it wouldn't be the worst thing they'd caught us doing," he added.
“Ah-HUH! I did so–!”
"You won'd this time!"
don't want to get in trouble, either." Greg set the plate down. "That's the thing about plea deals...one party is always going to be unhappy."
"Wha'd???"
"Gunna...fuck.” His string of filth was lost with a well-placed smack from John’s hard hand. Sherlock is suddenly torn between moving back against Daddy's expertly curled fingers or forward into the gentle suction of the silicone.
"I dun y'ike this one. I y'ike tha' one."
"Y'ah," he said, and opened his mouth a fraction.
"You're both repulsive! We didn't spend that much money for a
Sherlock chewed his lip; "I d'un f'ink I c'n do'id."
"Any last requests? This is your last chance...anything else waits til morning."
"Can you carry them downstairs?"
Poor love.
Greg looked up, completely lost. "We wouldn't take them with us?"
Sherlock hopped off the bed, half-eaten biscuit left behind on the duvet. "In'bestigation! I can fin' it fa' G'eg!" Sherlock rubbed his hands together and turned in place, taking in the room.
“Do you know lots of songs?” Jawn asked, looking up at Mycroft.
Sherlock scrubbed his hands over his face. "I ha'd tha', G'eg. Is n'ah nice."
Greg caught Sherlock's other wrist and gave that hand a once over. "You did a very good job getting your food in your mouth instead of on your shirt. I don't see any gravy on your sleeper."
Sherlock nodded slowly, his eyes large and wet.
"Love you too, dearest."
"Hol' s'ill," Sherlock nodded.
Greg snorted. "Well, I 'just want' ten million dollars and a blow-"
"Point taken." Greg stretched over the baby and kisses the Elder Holmes's forehead. "Night, love."
Greg checked the temperature with his wrist and found it fine. That's when he noticed the pink-ish, sun-kissed look that started around Sherlocks' shoulders and trailed down towards the middle of his back. "How long were you outside before Mycroft remembered sunscreen?"
“I will take care of the dishes. Nineteen minutes left, darlings. Tic-toc.”
"Yea, I know. It's alright though, i'nnit..." Greg tipped his chin as Sherlock, who was feeding a bite of roll to one of his fish.
"It's not on here," Greg said, apologetically. "Would Moana work instead?"
"I like it how it is. Don't go pulling on his tender little scalp."
“For fucks sake!” Mycroft popped one of the dummies in his mouth, giving it a quick suck to remove any lint and popped it into Sherlock’s mouth
"My turn d'ess, my turn!" Sherlock shoved the taffeta nightmare into Greg's lap and then raised his arms above his head expectantly.
The baby wrapped both arms around his pajamas; "Faw'yin is sca'wy."
"Choc'ate hel'b."
"S'are wi'f me?" Sherlock tried to put the scoop into the mixing bowl.
"Sure! Can you get Greg a regular spoon please?" The little lad deserved a little spoiling this weekend (and probably the next few weeks after), so unless he was doing something that would directly cause him harm, Greg was going to make sure the tyke got whatever he wanted.
“M'kay.” Sherlock nodded solemnly.
"Nooooooooooooo."
Mycroft side-eyed his little bother…ahem,
Mycroft decided to ignore that. “What movie?”
Mycroft startled a bit, having been taken by surprise, and then his entire demeanor changed. "I know that," he said quietly, looking pained.
Sherlock, who was curled over on Mycroft's chest, was quietly watching the movie...but when his older brother started snoring (which he DID, no matter how much he insisted that he didn't), he turned over and switched to Greg's chest so he could still hear.
"Yes, I'm giving you permission. You can pick four of them."
Jawn turned in his seat to face Mycroft (further smearing red sauce all over the back of the chair…well, that was something that they were going to have to take care of while they were big, not him. Babysitter, begrudgingly…housekeeper, no) and peered up at him as he shrugged innocently.
...How.
"U-up G'eg, G'eg G'eg G'eg, up, up p'ease, uppie!" Jawn wiped his hand down his face, smearing tears, sweat, and drool all over.
Sherlock poked at his chips, never taking his eyes from where Jawn stood in the corner.
He adds a second finger as he moves his mouth up to the detective’s hip, sucking a bruise there.
"Markers."
Greg pretended to yawn. "Sure, sure. Exciting."
“Everything smells of baby powder,” Mycroft grumbled to himself as he pulled his coat on anyway. Then, with a dubious look, he lifted his umbrella to his nose and sniffed; “…everything!” he hissed.
Not long after, he realized he now had
"We'd both like you to stay," Greg added.
Sherlock skidded into the kitchen, the bulky first aid box in tow. “We also have Avengers and Peppa Pig plasters, Jawn!” Sherlock set the box on the kitchen table and opened it, before turning wide eyes on Mycroft.
“Why?”
Mycroft turned back to Jawn, who while had listened and placed his dishes in the sink, was now playing in the faucet that Sherlock had left running. The little doctor laughed and clapped his hands in the running water, leaving red-tinged droplets and puddles all over the counter.
"Then you should have asked for some," Mycroft said, and popped an oversized prawn into his mouth.
“My God, you’re both going to be bellyaching at me all afternoon…yes, you can. What do you say? “
"Yeeeee'shhhh!"
He didn't remember it hurting this badly earlier. But if he were being honest with himself, though, he didn't remember much from the past two days: he remembered Gavin, and leaving his flat in a hurry. He remembered the car ride. A warm bath. A lot of food. Sleep. More food. More sleep. Mycroft fussing over him. Molly. He remembered laughing and a dull ache in his side, but nothing like this.
