There are three exits to the station, Sherlock remembers, and he wants the main one, the one that comes out on Marylebone Road. It's straight up the stairs and out, isn't it? Or is is a left? Why can't he remember? This certainly smells like the right station, that's hopeful. Sherlock decides to stick with the greatest mass of people, the correct exit for him would be the most popular. He keeps in the densest portion of the crowd, going up and notices that his hands are shaking and that his heart is pounding.
it. His anger at Sherlock has only grown over the course of the evening, as his mind began to process exactly what all had gone into the deception, how much conscious effort it had taken to leave him to his grief for two years.
It’s true, John has to admit. Tess’s prickly intelligence and devastating wit, combined with her enthusiasm for all things grotesque and morbid, has never done much to win her female friends. But it endears her greatly to a certain sort of geeky and bookish young man, of which she tends to have several constantly in her orbit. But that’s not what’s currently making John’s throat constrict with dread.
the attraction, though I’ve never been partial to blondes myself. But he’s got a little fight and plenty of loyalty. So
The flat fills with evidence and chemical tests, and the sitting room walls are covered in photographs and clippings, connected by strings, with illegible notes scribbled on them.
One of the most infuriating things about all of this is that he can’t use any of his own carefully cultivated network of informants to track down any useful intel. It was enough of a risk using his homeless contacts in London, but their loyalty had been longstanding and his brother could keep them under observation. In Europe, his relationships were far more tenuous and he could only guess how many of his former people had been turned.
!” Sherlock gasps as John’s questing tongue finds his sensitive nipple and begins doing filthy things to it.
“So would I,” said Mycroft in a tone that makes clear he doesn’t believe there is. “But you’ve woven him very thoroughly into your life, and made yourself indispensible to him, and that seems just lovely right now. One day, though, he’s likely to wake up and realise either that he’s got to move on, or that he wants to but that you’ve got him so tightly bound that he can’t. And either way you’ll lose him then.”
He speaks as if this all had happened to someone else, a stranger, his white knuckles gripping the glass the only outward sign of how hard it is to get out. He relays what Hanna had told him as factually as possible and when he's finished Greg sinks back in his chair, pale.
After the horrible incident in the abattoir, in which Sherlock comes closer than he knows to dying and John kills a man with more raw brutality than he has ever before displayed, things have no hope of staying the same. As Sherlock whispers to him deliriously about beauty and starlight and the suns that live in John’s chest, and John cannot stop himself from kissing the top of Sherlock’s head as he holds him to try and warm his hypothermic body, John knows they will not be able to resist each other much longer. It both delights and terrifies him.
The steel in his voice halts further protests from Victor. “All right,” he says. “Then I’ll come with you.”
John leans back in his chair and closes his eyes. Finally he says, “I suppose you’re going to make me say it, aren’t you? All right then. I have no intention of leaving Sherlock’s side unless he decides he wants me to. Happy?”
Mycroft lets him be for a moment while he grapples with this new understanding and then says, with surprising gentleness, "Sherlock, we have to go. If you are going to get out of this city undetected, we can't wait any longer."
BUT I HAD NO WAY TO KNOW THAT AT THE TIME! YOU COULD HAVE BEEN HATING ME FOR EVERY SECOND OF THAT AND I WOULDN'T HAVE KNOWN. I DIDN'T WANT TO KNOW. I WASN'T IN CONTROL.
John's face is wet, soaking through fabric until it clings to Sherlock’s breast. His chin comes to rest on the top of John’s head as John fists a hand so tightly into his coat that Sherlock thinks he could rend the heavy wool of it in his grief.
John glances back at Rosie's small, still form. "She'll be asleep for awhile," he says, whispering again. He takes Sherlock's hand and leads him out, closing the door behind them. Halfway to Sherlock’s bedroom - their bedroom, again, at last - he turns and looks at Sherlock severely. "But you have to be quiet, okay?"
The seconds tick by like hours before he feels a hand in his hair, a finger tracing the line of his ear, and then suddenly John's face is next to his own, almost brushing his cheek.
In the darkness of his head he pulled up every event, every detail connected with Moriarty. He scrutinised them again, frame by frame, trying to find a connection, a clue, anything. Five pips. Carl Powers. Trains. Missile plans. Columbia. A golem. A Vermeer. They only thing they had in common was Moriarty himself, his illustrious career as a consulting criminal, like a trophy wall leading Sherlock straight to him. Moriarty did not want to be found now, but he still liked trophies. There must be something Sherlock was missing.
Sherlock feels the sting of the rebuke. “Thank you, brother,” he says stiffly and not entirely without sarcasm.
The ritual calms him somewhat. He twirls the syringe in one hand, mesmerised, but makes no move to inject it. He sits on his bed like this until dawn, then discards the syringe in the back bins, but hides the remaining powder very well indeed. He is sure to be out of the flat before John rises.
“Okay…well, the name was easy. We both saw it, ‘Abel Bryant’ stitched into his coat tag after he passed out. The golf… I did see calluses on his hands which I suppose you are going to tell me are indicative of an avid player. But how did you know he doesn’t enjoy it?”
“Not remotely. But it doesn’t matter right now.” Sherlock’s face grew stern. “What are you doing here? I meant for you to alert Mycroft, not come yourself!”
is to know that I’m with someone who won’t refuse to tell me anything that’s going on in his head, someone who won’t treat me like a servant at best and a burden worst until he suddenly decides he could use a good fuck again. What were you going to do after this? Go back to your composing and your brooding and leave me to clean up and get out like a cheap whore?”
John sighs and snatches the cigarette out of his hand, tossing it to the ground. “No, Sherlock. It’s fine. You’re… quite a good dancer.”
It’s late the next day when John finally fetches up in Inverness, still somehow damp through and completely exhausted. He’d not been able to sleep on the train, anxious about being spotted and about what will happen once he gets on the ship. He pays for a cheap room with cash and forces a few hours of sleep.
“John, those are literally the last two things I ever expected you to tell me,” Sherlock replied archly, taking the drugs. “Especially in the same sentence.”
“We’ve got work to do,” Sherlock tells John. “I want you to find every scrap of data about this man, and when they find him, the other one. There has to be a connexion, somewhere, maybe years and years ago. Talk to friends, family, his employer, anyone.”
“Schubert,” Sherlock tells him, continuing to play, trying to lose himself in the music to erase the shame of the night before.
He couldn’t think well. His brain was still fuzzy. He waited the length of a few breaths for the prick of the needle, but it didn’t come. Wherever they had wanted to take him, he must be there. His head pounded, but he tried to assess his situation. From the air he could tell he was underground, but not far. Some kind of basement. He was sitting on something hard and cold, off of the floor, with his back to a wall of concrete. His hands were chained behind him and his feet were manacled together. He didn’t think he could stand at the moment anyway – he was too weak.
John sighs irritably. “You know, I think I’m just going to go down the pub. I’m sure Mrs. Hudson can do you something for tea if you ask nicely.” He abruptly changes direction and strides away purposefully, leaving Sherlock standing by the taxi, utterly shocked. It is so rare that John won’t follow him, and usually it’s only when he has committed some egregious error, such as admitting to not caring about human suffering. He didn’t think his comments about relationships qualified for that level of reprobation, but perhaps they do.
Sherlock moans, nearly a whinge, and starts to get up. John climbs off him and sits next to him on the sofa. “Do you really want to know? You’re not going to like it.”
"Sherlock," John gasps, gulping for air. He's so clearly outlined now, more clearly than in real life, that Sherlock can read his glowing lips.
Sherlock finally starts to understands why John is so upset, even if he still finds the reasoning ridiculous. He tries to be gentler. "You would have known, because you know me. Even when you're angry and you don't think you care, you do. You still know me and know what I need. Does it matter if it's sometimes for the wrong reasons? And if I'd wanted you to, really wanted you to, if I'd said the word, you would have stopped."
Sherlock shakes his head. “I never knew his name, though I’m sure I could have found out. I think he was from Wales. But don’t weigh that incident too heavily. I’m certain I would have come to the same conclusion if it had never happened. I did have a few intimacies at uni, some as an experiment and some out of a youthful failure to rein in my impulses. They all resulted in distraction or distress for both parties. It didn’t seem to be worth it, and I learned to control my urges for the most part. It was better. I could focus on my work. Nobody expected things from me I couldn’t give them.”
didn't think it through. You seriously can't understand, can you? What the past two years were like for me. After everything that..." John makes an angry, frustrated noise. "Christ, I thought it was all my fault, that if I'd died you wouldn't have. And now you're just back and I find out that you could have stopped it all at any time. Every single day you were gone, you made the choice to keep me in pain."
John smiles at him wolfishly. “Nice try,” he says. “You might be close enough to fool an old woman without her glasses, from behind, but I actually know Mr. Bryant and my eyesight is just fine. I can see from your stance that you’re not armed, so why don’t you just sit down and we can talk this over?”
John has never kissed someone taller than himself. He closes his eyes and goes up on his toes, expecting to lightly brush lips with Sherlock, a brief peck, a beginning. He is surprised when Sherlock responds with bruising pressure, bearing down on him, as if trying to transmit a litany of unsaid thoughts and feelings through the meeting of their lips. Then he jerks away, uncertain, doubting his reaction.
Sherlock continued. “Well, this is where I have to do a little real deduction; the first bit was painfully obviously to the most casual observer. The degree of effort to which you went to bring me here, rather than just waiting to capture me when I got close on my own, tells me that you are very concerned about what I know. You took no chances in allowing me to go free a second longer than you had to, and no chances on my escape either. You are scared of something, but what? You don’t just want what I have because it will make you more powerful and successful…no, you are afraid of what will happen if you don’t get it. Or worse, if someone else does…”
“That thought would never occur to me,” Mycroft says, standing and twirling his umbrella smugly. “Would you like a lift?”
John smiles inwardly and decides Sherlock's been punished enough. He puts down the paper. "All right, all right. The case. You first. Who was that woman and what is going on?"
John’s reaction was instantaneous. In a second he had crossed the room, slamming the older man against the wall with one hand, while relieving him of his umbrella and using it to pin him back by his throat with the other. Mycroft put his hands up and did not struggle.
John lets this sink in, trying not show how much the thought disturbs him. He’s almost afraid to ask, “What… what actually happened to him? Between University and when I met him?”
“It seemed odd of course, but people offer scholarships for all kinds of strange reasons, so I applied. To my surprise they offered me enough to pay for my whole education, including a little to live on. Well, of course I took them up on it and became a member of the club. There was the usual secret society swearing in and rites of passage nonsense you get with these things, but they mostly were a good hearted group who just liked to get together for a drink and to make business connexions – there was a lot of that, some very well placed people are members.
Such thoughts are unworthy of them both, John knows, but can’t quite help himself. He could never have imagined Sherlock to be capable of an emotional response of this level to the loss of another human being, and now that he’s seen it it’s even harder to imagine it lavished on himself.
Sherlock grins, his face and eyes lighting up. “Oh John, I wouldn’t say that! I would say it wasn’t nearly enough. Besides,
Sherlock continues crowing about the case on the way to, and through, dinner.  “This was a good one, best we’ve had since Baskerville.”
He had been on the verge of being close to others before. Never like this, but on occasions he had started to develop what seemed like real friendships, relationships of some ill-defined type, both with men and women, in the past. But something had always happened. He never knew what, really, but he always seemed to have let them down somehow. It was like they expected him to be someone he wasn’t; to do certain things, to be a certain way, to act on certain emotions he wasn’t sure he had. He had tried make them understand, but it always ended with the other person hurt and angry, and him confused and even more reticent to try to get close to another person, in any way.
“Hmph. Well, I’ve only come to tell you that there’s a gentleman downstairs who says he has an urgent matter for you. Thank heaven I didn’t bring him straight up! He seems quite worked up… what should I say to him?”
John gazed at him with concern. “Of course I’ll stay,” he said quietly. “It’s never even been a question, has it?”
He manages to contain himself, but it's a close thing. "You know, I've never wanted to hit a woman before."
John's face is iron and unreadable. He doesn't move or respond and Sherlock comes to a stop just in front of him.
“So, you’re back to smuggling,” John states. “In an oil tanker. The double hulls, the false space between old tanks – perfect for getting any number of things from point A to point B without drawing attention, right? Christ, you could hide anything in this bloody ship.”
It's just like it was before, back in Baskerville. Whatever it's done to Sherlock is different this time, but John's reacting exactly the same. And Sherlock suspects it's not going to improve. No odd movements that would indicate any effects on those around them. It's not the drug itself that's been sprayed.
He says not a word to John about the week’s events, about Ms. Adler’s reappearance, about what they said in the warehouse, but that night he is the man John knows again. Viciously protective, cheerfully callous, brilliant and maddening all at once. John is grateful, even if he resents that the one he has to be grateful to is the one who caused it all in the first place. Sherlock still won’t talk about her, not even to acknowledge her existence, but he plays for John, Auld Lang Syne, and wishes him a happy new year, and John takes the crumb offered and tries to let it all go.
Sherlock finally looks up from his mobile. “What? Oh yes. Look for anything you don’t remember seeing before, however small or insignificant, even a new stain on a piece of clothing. Now, you can call the police to report this, it would look funny if you didn’t, but don’t tell them anything we’ve talked about, just say you came home and found the place this way with nothing missing. They won’t find any fingerprints or evidence of the culprits and it will die quietly. Then just carry on until something else happens or you hear from one of us—”
They’re talking about the driver and his comrades. Time to make his move, before they can discover what’s happened.
But there's a small part of him holding back. It reminds him of what happened last time he lost control, how close he'd come to hurting the person most precious to him in all the world. And it reminds him that more violence won't bring that person back now.
John sighs, worst of his rage spent. “You’re sorry, but you keep doing it because you don’t understand why you need to be sorry for it.”
John shifts away from the window and closer to him, so they are touching. “You’re right,” he says, leaning into Sherlock a bit, so Sherlock can feel that he means it. “It’s better.”
On to his lap tumbled a black smartphone. For a brief second, John thought it was Sherlock’s, but Sherlock’s was silver. He turned it on and began looking through its contents. Slowly it dawned on him. It was Moriarty’s! Sherlock must have pickpocketed him before jumping off the roof. And everything was here, all his criminal dealings and contacts, meticulously organized, spanning dozens of countries and activities from counterfeiting to espionage to murder. Sherlock was right, this could truly bring down Moran and the rest of Moriarty’s network.
Sherlock starts to shake his head in protest, but John begins kissing his face, his neck, his lips, firmly, brooking no argument.
“John,” he says sharply, interrupting the doctor from whatever he’s been babbling about – probably something on how he shouldn’t make enemies in Special Forces. “Can you do as I say?”
“All that was in the contract, it’s not my fault if the woman didn’t read it thoroughly,” Sherlock responds mildly. “Foetal development is an extremely sensitive time. But there’s minimal risk here, she has all the pertinent biological and medical safety information, she’s very mature, and from what I understand this sort of thing is rather inevitable.”
John goes on reluctantly, torn between helping Sherlock and tearing his assailant to shreds. He speeds up as the brambles give way to old oak forest, dark as night in this weather. There’s a shadow up ahead, darting from the cover of tree to tree, and John pushes himself to go faster, hoping for a clear shot. The wind howls above the canopy and the huge trees around them creak alarmingly. The man seems to be out of rounds and John doesn’t intend to give him time to reload. He has him in range, but the killer is clever about keeping himself protected by fat tree trunks.
The woman occasionally known as Anthea sticks her head out the window. “Dr. Watson, we are not going to see Mycroft, I assure you. But you very much want to get in this car.”
. He can’t possibly go to sleep in Sherlock’s bed, full of the echoes of all their nights together, probably still smelling of both of them, of their last sex, hurried and distant and distracted as it had been. He can’t wash the half-empty tea mug with Sherlock’s lip prints still on it, or put away his experiments or reshelve the last book he’d been reading, still on his chair by the fire.
With that, the tension seemed to drain from Sherlock’s body like the tide going out, as though he had only been holding himself together by sheer force of will in order to hear those words. He seemed to melt onto the bed. “Thank you, John,” he murmured, rolling over on his side with his head facing the foot of the bed, knees tucked almost to his chest. He made a surprisingly small figure, all folded up on himself in that way he had. He was instantly asleep.
John snorted. “Oh, shut up.” He proceeded to pump Sherlock full of the strongest antibiotics he had been able to find. The infection didn’t appear serious, but it had gone too long untreated. Then he got to work, cleaning, stitching, and bandaging Sherlock. John could have used some first aid himself – it appeared not all of Moran’s guards had gone down without a fight. His face and hands had several small cuts and he was rapidly developing a black eye.
Sherlock is still kneeling on the bed, looking like he has just awoken from a trance, like a fever has broken and he has only now realised where he is, what he has been doing. He is panting from their exertion and has an expression of shock on his face and, John realises, disgust. But he is not looking at John, he is looking down at himself, as if he cannot comprehend what has just happened, how he got here.
“I was thinking,” John says, running his hand from Sherlock’s stockinged foot to up along his calf. “That as once we have the drug a cure likely won’t be long off, perhaps we ought to take advantage of your lack of sight for the moment.”
He'll have to bluff them relatively cold, given his lack of success with his previous tactic. But if he can get them talking he should be able to get a read on what they need or who they are expecting and go from there. His limbs tingle with adrenaline and he forces his heart rate to lower. Betraying his excitement is the worst mistake he could make in a room of hardened criminals.
He pushes her away thoughtlessly, too hard, she stumbles back several feet and crashes to the floor. He barely notices, pushing into the autopsy room, holding his breath. It’s empty, clean and scrubbed and silent with the lights turned out, smelling only of antiseptic. John turns around. “Where. Is. He?” he demands of Molly, still on the floor. She cringes and a detached part of him notices that she is crying silently.
All remaining traces of disbelief evaporate, instantly, and are replaced by outrage. “Adoption papers?” John roars, furious. “
“I’ll die inside every time I think you might,” John tells him simply. “I can’t pretend I won’t. But it won’t change the fact of us. It’s too late for that. I’m not ordering, I’m not threatening, I’m just…asking. Either way, I’ll still be yours.”
“I’d like to sleep now, I think,” Sherlock says, stifling a yawn. “Not too long though. Need to get back to work.”
Sherlock freezes, stiff and unsure of what to do as the moist heat of John's breath, heavy and uneven, seeps through his shirt. The silent heaving of John’s chest presses into him and he finds that his hand, almost of its own accord, is wrapping round the nape of John's neck and drawing him closer. John goes limp at his touch, letting go, melting into the embrace and Sherlock puts his other arm around John’s shoulders, holding him up awkwardly.
Sherlock makes a noise of frustration. “But we are the same. And yet not. Or at least… she’s who I might have been. If I’d been born different, if I’d been female. She’s just as clever. It’s merely a different kind. I’m clever about facts, she’s clever about people. She can read a person, a social situation the way I read a crime scene. She’s like an alternate history to myself. All the skills I lack, she possesses.”
The New Scotland Yard is only a five minute walk, but at Sherlock’s pace they make it in four, with John nearly having to run to keep up. Lestrade meets them in the lobby.
Sherlock can now only whimper in response. John repeats this performance with the other fingers on Sherlock’s right hand, deliberate and unhurried as he feels the tension build in Sherlock’s body beneath him until the younger man is panting and paralyzed with his need, his brain short-circuited by the stimulus.
“Not…exactly. Just one day I noticed while I was at the grocery that there seemed to be rather more red-headed people around that one normally sees. I shrugged it off, but it kept happening. On the street, in the shops, wherever I went. At first I thought I was going mad, but after a few weeks I couldn’t deny that it was actually happening.”
“Mycroft’s lawyers are very efficient at cutting through red tape. I… may have forged your signature on some filings.” Next to him the registrar opens her mouth to object and Sherlock snaps, “You didn’t hear that. Remember who my brother works for.”
"He does," Sherlock interrupts firmly. That much had been easy to deduce. "And in any case, I’ve found the young, educated set these days are less hung up on gender. It's rather fascinating."
“You see, a vegan lifestyle like mine has many benefits, both physical and spiritual…” the man is saying earnestly.
“I would have taken them apart with my bare hands.” A pause, and John seems shocked by his own admission. “But I’m not dead. And I don’t want you to be a murderer for me.”
He’s digging through a box that pretty much only contains terrible clothing gifts from Harry, going back to 1991, when he comes across an unlabelled envelope. He opens it and reads in Sherlock’s writing, “Karachi, Pakistan”.
“Consulting criminal,” John mutters. “He brought small rackets into the big time. At least until he got bored of them.”
The case, or cases, become an obsession for Sherlock in the next few weeks. There are two more murders, each different and seemingly unconnected, but with ample evidence pointing to a suspect who Sherlock is able to determine is not actually the killer. None of the victim-suspect pairs know each other or appear to have any mutual friends.
"You might be able to convince other people you aren't happy about this. You might even be able to convince yourself. But that won't work on me." She grins, kisses him again, and heads out the door.
John had planned to be honest, to ask what was going on between them, to speak his feelings and hope that Sherlock could understand. But instead, an entirely different question comes out of his mouth. One he didn’t even realise was in his mind until this very second.
Still, neither manages to do much more than pick at the food. They sit in silence, lost in their thoughts until finally John slams his hand down on the table. “Enough of this.”
John shudders. “Unfortunately.” He absently takes the sheaf of papers from the registrar and leans over the table to look at them as Sherlock talks.
“But no time for that,” he declares. “We have about twenty minutes to get something to eat before Lestrade has us come down to the Yard and look at the suspect.”
“I don’t care.” John’s voice is stern and his arms are immovable. “Find a way. I don’t care how you do it or how hard it is, find a way to let me in. Do you understand?”
Mycroft is insufferable while his companion looks distant but pleased. Sherlock kisses her hand absently and she remarks how charming Mycroft’s baby brother is, so much more than he’s described.
John follows his instructions to the letter, despite the fact that his whole body is shaking. His hands are shaking too, but not so badly he can't use them. They always were the steadiest part of him in a crisis. John works and Sherlock talks, knowing his voice might be the only thing keeping John from disintegrating entirely.
. Finally he manages a clumsy, “You. I want you.” He holds his breath, in case this is the wrong answer, although objectively he can deduce from John’s behaviour that it is exactly the right one.
“Do you really think so little of me?” Mycroft sighs. “I assure you even the prodigious amount from Sherlock’s trust fund is not enough to make the smallest dent in the ‘Holmes fortune’, and I certainly wouldn’t begrudge you it, not after the number of times you’ve saved my brother’s life.  No, I’m telling you to warn you.”
John tries his hardest to behave normally as well, to keep the resentment he can’t quite help feeling out of his tone and attitude, to be the same old friend, flatmate, partner he was before. But at night, alone in his room, without the hope of hearing that soft step on the stair, it is harder. He tells himself it is just temporary, that this state of affairs won’t endure forever, but as the days stretch on with no change, he is not sure he believes it.
Before any of them can clamber back to consciousness, John takes the rope he’s brought out of his bag and binds and gags them securely. He rolls each of them under the truck, where they are obscured by shadows. He doesn’t want their compatriots to find them in the back when they go to load the shipment and can’t imagine wrestling the three of them into the cab. Besides, he might end up needing to drive it. He carefully aligns them to they won’t be crushed by the wheels if the lorry pulls forward.
“Me? No, not at all. He might, though.” Sherlock motioned to John, and Moran cringed visibly. “But I thought instead I would offer you a business proposition, since you are so fond of them. In exchange for my letting you go and not allowing John here to kill you in the manner he so chooses, you will leave here and never return. You will make no attempt to resume your previous activities, and you will vanish from any of Moriarty’s remaining investment interests like morning dew.”
“I didn’t need to. Between the feel you copped last week at that bank case when you thought no one was looking, but at least three officers were, and this –” John points to the livid bruise just below his left ear, showing clear teeth marks, “I think they may have worked it out.”
Sherlock leaps up and steps back from John until his back hits the bench behind him. “You think it’s psychosomatic, don’t you? Like your sham limp. You think I’m… what? Losing it, finally! Psychologically crippled. Damaged. Hysterical blindness, isn’t that what they call it? I’m just hysterical!”
“Be that as it may, I still think it’s not a good idea. For the record. I realise that’s unlikely to stop you, but I do want you to think very carefully about what you’re doing and what it means.”
“Dark nebula,” John says, tenderly, and is not at all surprised when Sherlock manoeuvres himself swiftly on top of John, straddling him, and begins the systematic removal of his clothes. And soon it is very bright for both of them indeed.
“You said you would rather have your violin rammed up your arse than spend half an hour making small talk with her friends and relations.”
specifically if John would like him to play for him is when he knows he’s done something wrong he should apologise for, but won’t, or when John is ill or injured.
At the station Victor sees him to the platform and forces a bone-cracking hug on him that Sherlock doesn’t really mind.
“Oh, fine I am that too, but only because yes, exactly, I was that age once and I know what he’s thinking and it,” he gestures graphically in the vague direction of the downstairs, “is
“I’ll give you as long as I can,” the older man agreed, and slipped away into the last moments of the night with his army and his prisoner.
John throws his head back and laughs, then kisses him deeply, passionately. “Why, Mr. Holmes, that could take all afternoon!” he says, with feigned shock.
Instead, John forces a smile and grabs Sherlock’s hand, squeezing it a little too tightly. “Thank you…for telling me,” he says, and watches the sliver of trepidation in the corner of Sherlock’s eyes dissolve. He leans down and brushes Sherlock’s lips with his own, affectionate but not passionate, not quite able to push aside Sherlock’s revelation with the ease he feigns.  He fumbles for normalcy. “I think I’m going to hop in the shower.”
Sherlock holds up a hand. He can't think about it again right now. His mind needs a break. "Not yet," he tells John testily. Then he softens his pitch and speaks quietly. "Please, John, I know we have to but not yet. I need to rest. This...hasn't been easy. Tomorrow, I will make myself fully available for your inquiries and examination and anything else you deem necessary. Just let me rest for tonight."
Data received and processed, Sherlock startles purposefully, feigning disorientation and not feigning the throbbing in the back of his skull. “P-please don’t hurt me,” he stutters in shaky Dutch, struggling faintly against his bonds. “Take whatever you want.”
On Thursday morning John wakes up, as usual, in Sherlock’s bed, with the atypical addition of the detective still sprawled next to him, fast asleep. John moves to get up, trying not to disturb Sherlock, but even the slight shifting of weight on the mattress is enough.
And, surprisingly, it’s soothing to be touched. He’s barely allowed anyone to touch him since the day Sherlock died, compassionate hands burning on his skin, kind embraces suffocating him. But Victor’s warmth next to him, his arms around him, the weight of his head on John’s shoulder – it doesn’t hurt. Maybe it’s because Victor needs him, isn't trying to fix him, maybe it’s because he knows Victor loved Sherlock too, or maybe he’s just been too long without sincere human contact.
“Sherlock, I can’t have you going to jail. Not for me, not for anything. Do you understand that?” His voice is tinged with a hint of desperation, and Sherlock’s expression slowly changes from one of stubbornness to one of reluctant acquiescence.
"No, you did it for you! You were so concerned about keeping me safe, not taking a chance, so you wouldn't have to ever risk facing life without me. Did you even think, Sherlock, even for a moment, what facing life without you meant for
Sherlock snorts. “Of course I got what I needed. But that’s not the point. Who exactly was seducing who in there?”
“You’re smoking. Oh dear, what happened? No, don’t tell me. Botched the music? Humiliated the bride? Oh…” Mycroft pauses, pondering for a moment. “Sherlock, I am sorry. But it’s for the best.”
John shifts down, still stroking him slowly, until he is lined up with Sherlock and can wrap his hand around both of them as if they were one flesh. Sherlock gasps at the feeling of John on him, against him, practically part of him. He lets their legs tangle together as John keeps a steadily tempo, somehow knowing just the right amount of pressure, letting speed and strength build slowly. Sherlock holds them together with one arm circling under John’s neck and the other on the small of his back, and John inches even closer until their hips are almost fused and Sherlock is amazed John can find room to maneuver between them at all.
The sensation is unexpectedly strong, but delicate and complex, different from either being fucked or fucking. They move together against each other, undulating in sync. John clenches, wrapping his ankles around Sherlock’s calves to keep them as tight together as possible, and Sherlock snakes a hand forward to stroke John almost harshly as he pumps faster against him.
The car drives around front to let him off at the ballroom entrance. It is exactly as unbearably posh an event as he had feared. John's hoping to slip in unnoticed, but upon the announcement of his name he's immediately surrounded by distinguished-looking older gentlemen who are clearly courting him for his supposed fortune. He responds with the necessary pleasantries, but it seems ages before he can escape the awkward conversation and get a good look around on his own.
John shrugs and pulls back on his shirt and jeans, hoping he can get to the bathroom before being spotted, and pauses in the doorway.
“How was the crime scene?” John asks when he hears the door, a bit stiffly as he is still stinging from Sherlock’s brusque refusal of his company to it.
"Yes. No. Maybe? I can't be sure..." John's fear is palpable and it's starting to get to Sherlock. He can't fight fear and loss of brainpower at the same time.
It's surprising how exhausting thinking like this is, though. It requires all of his focus to interpret what's going on around him, and most of his energy. Eventually it will become second nature but now it's all consuming, leaving no room for anything else. He's almost relieved when they get on the crowded, standing-room only tube carriage. The press of people is unsettling, but at least he's stationary and so are they, so it's easier to deduce individuals, and almost relaxing after trying to keep himself oriented on the street.
Sherlock doesn’t seem to notice the slip, and gives John a half smile, ruefully. “Wise as always, John,” he says, wrapping his coat more tightly around himself. “Here, if we go this way we can avoid going through the house.”
Sherlock is even more bewildered now but decides to address what has been presented to him. "You won't have to be. I'm better now. You fixed me."
"Good, I don't want you to." That sounds petulant, even to Sherlock's ears and the truth is he's depended on Mycroft for a lot and would do even more on this venture. Still, he knows his chances of survival are not high - the last thing he needs is a reminder from his big brother.
They stare at each other wordlessly for a long moment, then John collapses back against him and they lay in a heap on the floor, John’s head resting on Sherlock’s chest. “Thank God.”
John pulls at his still-ringing ear. “I’m sure you find having a good think to be endlessly entertaining, but if all I’m allowed to do is sit there as you imitate a statue, I might as well get some rest while you’re at it. Now, did you figure anything out?”
Sherlock inhales and smells John’s hair, John’s shampoo in his nostrils. The realness of him helps. Sherlock still feels disconnected, disoriented, but John is a locus point. It’s something. He feels John swallow against him, and there's a slight sensation of moisture on his face. It's too much for Sherlock then, and he extricates himself from the embrace.
What follows is one of the worst weeks of John Watson’s life, including those spent in combat. At least in combat you know what you’re supposed to be doing, and there’s always the chance that someone will kill you and get it over with.
Sherlock nods and swallows hard, trying to keep himself under control. He pulls away and John lets him go, and busies himself tidying up some clutter on the sitting room table. There has been a little too much intimacy and honesty in the past twenty-four hours for either of them to handle well, and both now feel uncomfortable at what they have shared, what they have admitted, both to each other and to themselves.
“No. I was… You were right. I didn’t understand. I’d got… I’d got lost. I needed you to find me. I needed you to feel for me, to show me how. I’m back now. I promise. I won’t try to leave again. I never want to leave you. Not really.” He butts his head gently against John’s, like an apologetic kitten.  “Sometimes the darkness drowns out everything else. Even when I can see and hear and worse when I can't. But I won't go back there again, I won't listen."
Mrs. Hudson gives him a slightly concerned look. Not that she gives him any other kind these days. "That old thing? You threw it in the bin the week after you moved in, didn't you? I remember because I thought Mrs. Turner might have a use for it but then I thought you might not like it if I took it out..."
The man gulps and nods, and lets John help him sit up. John shoots a meaningful look at Sherlock, jerking his head towards the chair. Sherlock reluctantly abandons his angel-of-death posture and repositions himself in a less threatening attitude.
Sherlock ignores him. “In any case that man was clearly not capable of stabbing someone once, much less repeatedly and viciously. Terrified of blood, physically weak, and I found wool fibres at the scene that didn’t match the victim’s clothes and certainly weren’t from him.”
“That you are careless with yourself. I don’t mean the not eating or sleeping, I know that’s just how you’re wired. But…you hurt yourself on purpose and you think you have a reason, and maybe sometimes it
“Hey, just because I have the occasional bangaroo with a cobber doesn’t mean I don’t love my wife, right? People are complicated. Or haven’t ya taken the notice on that?”
John wonders which of them will break first. He hopes it’s Sherlock, not because he wishes to delay the inevitable, but because he’s not sure that Sherlock could accept it until he fully comes to terms with his own poorly delineated feelings. So John stays quiet, ignoring the blatant signs as thoroughly as Sherlock manages to do, waiting for him to figure things out.
When he does enter, he does so with the carefully calibrated air of a man who belongs there and knows what his business is, no longer stooped and slow with his gait, not deigning to glance around as he enters. He makes straight for the semi-hidden backroom, the location of which he's calculated by the outer dimensions of the structure and those surrounding it.
Greg looks deeply concerned but doesn't protest and fetches it, along with two glasses. Only after he's poured them both what can only be described as an immoderate portion of Scotch does John begin to talk.
to want more! Lust, desire…other feelings. They are distracting and dangerous and pointless. I don’t want it and I don’t need it, and certainly not with you!”
“Oh, are you on that again?” Sherlock says, but without venom, realizing he may still be on the wrong side of this argument, at least as far as his flatmate is concerned if not on the merits of the case.
“What are you on about, John?” Sherlock finally focuses on him properly for the first time since he had tackled the murderer, just in time to turn the blade away from Sherlock’s heart.
John follows Sherlock through dimly lit, perfectly manicured gardens. He doesn’t believe for a second asking him to dance represented only a simple whim on Sherlock’s part, but knows he’s not likely to get more than that out of the detective unless he decides to share. It doesn’t matter, really, just one more thing to add to the strangeness that has become his life. At least, as long as he can avoid thinking about how quickly his heart was beating when he was in Sherlock’s arms.
Moran got to his feet, no longer bothering to hide his anger. “You’re going to pay for that, Mr. Holmes. But I don’t want to let pleasure get in the way of business. Tell me where the phone is, and I will try to find some mercy in my heart.”
"Maybe she's just that confident in your ability to get back out again. One way or another." He rolls his eyes, but she puts up a hand before he can reply. "John, you're more alive right now than I've ever seen you. I'll tolerate as much danger as you need to keep you that way."
“I took care of it. I did what I promised, didn’t I?” She cuts him off bitterly. “I gaslighted John Watson and I broke his heart. Just like you wanted.”
He leans forward and nuzzles the hair above Sherlock’s ear in atonement. Sherlock exhales slowly. “I… regret… if any of the ways I have behaved made you doubt your importance to me. I was distracted. I didn’t ever expect to meet someone like her. Like myself, and unlike. Trying to puzzle it out took more of my attention than perhaps it should have.”
“Ah ha! No witness noticed a strange man in the neighbourhood, and in a posh one like that people notice strangers, especially dirty ones. So he must have done it when it was dark out, probably late the night before she died. Furthermore I analysed the dirt from the footprints and aside from the local clay one would expect, there’s also a mix of peat moss, perlite, and vermiculite. Also known as potting mix.”
“I’m always cautious.” Sherlock pauses and sees this outright lie is not enough for John. “I’ll try,” he says at last.
He pulls his hand away like he’s been bitten, betrayed, feeling nothing but disgust for her now. “I thought you cared about him,” he says, horrified. “I thought you would do anything for him, that you were
The bonus of all this, is that John discovers that all the thoughts and feelings that Sherlock doesn’t know how to talk about, he is quite adept at expressing physically. John learns to read his body like a book, and realizes he can get more out of him that way than talking. There is a difference in how he moves, how he kisses, what he wants when he is tired and needing comfort, when he is worried, when he is lost in a case and needs a distraction, when he is angry, when he is bored, when he is getting
Sherlock hopes he replies calmly. “No, John. It would appear that I have lost my hearing in addition to my sight.”
He wakes some hours later, startled to find himself on the floor with Sherlock until the memory comes back. It is still dark. He panics briefly until he can assure himself that Sherlock is only sleeping, deeply but naturally. With difficulty he gets up and goes into the bathroom. His hands and arms are covered in blood, both his own and Sherlock’s, and there is a wildly purpling bruise in the crook of his left elbow.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Completely clean. Someone took care.” It feels good to get back to work together, helps erase some of the memory of recent events between them. He and John are at their best like this, and this promises to be an interesting case. He can’t hide his glee completely, and John doesn’t even chide him for it. He is relieved as well. Both men just want to go back to normal.
Quickly than a flash Sherlock is on him, has Moriarty's lapels fisted in large hands and his feet nearly off the ground. "Why?" he growls, shaking the smaller man.
John storms out of 221B into the night, flexing his hands stiffly. He'd wanted to hit Sherlock again, but it clearly didn't do any good. The bastard probably
"You should have seen Sherlock!" she tells him a little gleefully, as she sets him up to convalesce in front of the telly, with firm instructions not to move off of the sofa. "He was like a great mother hen. Wouldn't leave you for a second - barely let even me near you till you'd been looked over. Don't torture him too much longer, John. He did save your life."
“Uh…right…” Molly stammers and grabs his hand. “Um. Are you… are you okay? Because if you want to… talk about… I mean, I just know it can be quite… um…”
“My brother himself is bad enough, even if he’s genuinely concerned with my health. But I don’t trust his resources, and I don’t trust him to be able to resist using them. And that could be disastrous.”
He makes John take more blood, and gives him a list of all the possible metabolites he can think of to screen for. Then he has John run tests on the compound itself, solubility, toxicity, reactivity to other chemicals Sherlock might have been exposed to. It takes four time as long as it should, Sherlock using his mental lab to guide John in what to do and John, clumsily, obeying.
“You look like our flat when there’s a fire in the fireplace and all the lamps are on, and I look in the window at night  from on the street before I come in.”
The first time that night was fast and desperate and a blur, like teenagers fumbling at each other. They barely managed to get each other fully undressed before they came at nearly the same time, unable to hold out once bare flesh at last pressed together. John found himself chuckling delightedly as they broke apart, earning a concerned look from Sherlock until he started kissing every available inch of skin, tickling him with his stubble and making Sherlock giggle as well, and shake off his painful self-consciousness.
“Oh, the ink is the easy part,” Sherlock dismisses. “An experienced banker can tell, of course, but what tips off most people to fake bills is the way they feel. There’s no substitute for the paper. Once you have that, you can make all the money you want.”
Something about shipping. Ships, they had tankers. Les Butineuses was primarily a smuggling ring before Moriarty got a hold of them. They’d need transportation for goods, wouldn’t they?
“I changed tailors, Mrs. Hudson got a new cleaner for the floors, we ate at that Irish pub with the filthy toilets, you went to Paris to visit your old professor and came back with that knock-off watch and Italian leather shoes, nice choice by the way, perhaps some sense of style is finally rubbing off on you, that miserable potted fern finally expired, I had two cigarettes while you were gone and they weren’t my usual brand, we met three new clients, we staked out two mansions unsuccessfully, one of which was unusually musty, you switched the brand of coffee you buy us, which you should definitely switch back immediately, I was sneezed on by a music student on the tube, I changed my violin strings, the firewood Mrs. Hudson bought was fruitwood instead of walnut, one of the corpses at the morgue I was experimenting on had died of unknown causes, and Lestrade forced an unknown brand of whiskey on me after I solved that brank fraud case from Chessington.”
They had been in pursuit of a Sicilian arms dealer when it happened. It was a wet night, no moon and no stars, winding their way through back alleys near the docks, trying not to lose sight of him. The police had been called, of course, but it would take time for them to get there, and in that time the suspect could disappear and be on a ship to Italy before they found him again, gone without a trace. It had taken nearly three weeks to track the man down, and neither Sherlock nor John was about to give him up on account of rain.
“Sherlock,” John says, squeezing Sherlock’s thigh through the satin of his – he hopes – red dressing grown. “We’re going to solve this. We are. I promise. But after today, we both know it might take a while. I think you need to figure out how to function… like this. Because you might have to.”
“Technically, it would be closer to extortion. Come on, it’s an easy waltz, you’ll pick it up in no time.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “I wasn’t followed and if you had been we’d already know. Mycroft’s drivers know how to lose a tail.”
He continues this way, his voice catching a bit when he reaches John’s shoulders, now both marked by scars, the right one still pink and shiny. He kisses both with upmost delicacy, and John cannot stand to be passive any more. “You can finish later,” he whispers and sits up, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s torso pulling him back down, somehow escaping Sherlock’s vise-like hold, and beginning to unbutton his shirt, carefully, methodically. He slips his hands underneath it, revelling in the smooth skin beneath his fingers even as he feels Sherlock beginning to undo his trousers. He slips the shirt off Sherlock’s shoulders and climbs on top of him, gasping a little at the sight of the alabaster body beneath him.
John's whole body stiffens and when he turns again to look at Sherlock his face is as cold and furious as Sherlock's ever seen it. "Sherlock Holmes, fuck, completely and permanently, the fuck off!"
“Did you put rogering your brother-in-law over the holidays in your wedding vows? Because you’re doing
He falls in with people again, cautiously, to navigate to the corner and cross Baker Street. But once the light changes and he feels the people around him step forward he can't take it any more. He breaks into a run, gambling that the traffic will obey the signs, heedless of obstacles and pedestrians. He makes the turn and speeds up to a dead run. Most people will be coming the opposite was this time of day and they'll just have to get out of the way. Miraculously, he mows no one down before skidding to a stop the second he whiffs the greasy bacon and burnt coffee smell of Speedy's emanating from the buildings to his left.
Sherlock agrees, a bit deflated, but knows John's right. John turns to leave the bathroom but Sherlock stops him. "No. If you go, everything will be dark. Shower with me. You need one anyway."
Sherlock put an unsteady hand on his shoulder. “Forgive me, John. I had no idea you would be so affected.”
“I would have,” Sherlock dismisses. “And that’s not what’s turning you on right now.” He leans over John slowly, and John can smell his breath, his cologne, the tang of chemicals from his analyses.
Sherlock has to trust that his unconscious mind has put this together for him correctly, that it's not just a shot in the dark. He maneuvers himself closer to the doors so he won't miss his chance again and braces himself for the stop. When he hears the hiss, he steps forward with the crowd, letting them carry him along.
"The minor-est of minor concussions," she cuts in smoothly. "Here, why don't you sit down? I'm sure he'll be awake soon."
John forces himself to look up at his friend. Sherlock’s face is earnest, and afraid.  He still hates himself for what happened, for what he did, that’s not going to go away in a conversation or in a day.
“A bit on the nose there,” John said to himself. But why Hamlet? Sherlock had never expressed any special fondness of the play, of any play really. He didn’t seem to have much patience for them, in general. Why quote one now? And it was a tragedy. Was Sherlock alluding to a coming tragedy? His heart went cold. But then why employ a literary reference for it? It wasn’t his style.
John crouches in the dark by the outer-most of three automatic gates, fenced high and electrified at the top, between the regular service entrance and the loading dock at back of the warehouse. The total distance isn’t far, but if he’s to keep up with the lorry and slip through when it does without being seen, he’ll have to be quick.
He gets to his feet, hoping the hospital smock hasn’t revealed too much in the process. He's casual about nudity in general, but here he already feels too exposed, and he tends to modesty in front of Molly, if only for her own sake.
John’s phone buzzes for the fourteenth time since he’s left Baker Street and he finally looks at it, although he’d have been able to guess the contents of the texts without needing to consult it.
… I always wanted.” He leaned forward and kissed Sherlock on the cheek. “And I won’t be forgetting it.” Then the black figures emerged from the shadows and engulfed them, and Moriarty was gone, laughing the whole way.
At last, a floor above him, he hears the familiar baritone voice talking to someone. There is a rush of relief. Sherlock is alive, at least for now. He can hear Sherlock’s words and that someone is answering him, but he can’t make out what the other person is saying – he seems to be rather far away.
what I told them last time. Shipments come irregularly, no more than eight weeks apart but even with clearance I only get notice 24 hours in advance. It happens when it happens and I'll have it no later than mid-March. Out my hands."
When John speaks he’s more incredulous than angry. “You drew up civil partnership papers? Just like that. Isn’t there a waiting period?”
"You selfish bastard!" John yells, loud enough to wake the neighbours. "You put me through exactly what you were too cowardly to risk yourself. It was never about keeping me safe, it was always about you, what you needed, you complete, unreserved arsehole!"
He feels like he’s going to faint, but strong arms catch him. “John, this is going to hurt. I’m sorry.”
“Oh, I see what this is all about.” Sherlock says maliciously. “You just need a shag! Well, you can do that any time. This is more important.”
They stood there awkwardly, not saying a lot of things. Finally, Sherlock threw his arms around John in a stiff hug, then turned and fled the bus terminal before John could react.
It’s only at night that it still pains him sharply, when he starts awake and reaches for someone who isn’t there. But one day, someone is there, if not the one he was reaching for. Someone who’s not just a distracting tumble, which he finds he's lost his taste for. Someone who loves him, fiercely, protectively, abundantly. Someone, that he discovers to his amazement, that he is able to love.
“Re-enacted Romeo and Juliet, it would seem. Staged the kidnapping so their parents wouldn’t guess what they were doing. Clever. Yet so stupid.”
“Don’t you dare!” John barks, a low and angry warning. For a second there is real fear in her eyes. “You know something. You were one of his top lieutenants, weren’t you? I’m betting whatever plan he had for Sherlock, you know about it. And it would do you to remember that at this point I have literally nothing left to lose.”
It doesn’t last long. John comes into Sherlock’s hand, head thrown back in ecstasy, fingers dug into Sherlock’s hipbones and sure to leave marks. The sound of his cries alone could drive Sherlock to orgasm if he wasn’t most of the way there, and the feeling of Sherlock exploding, overflowing inside of him at almost the same time overcomes John completely, leaving him sagging in Sherlock’s arms.
Moran heard the click of a gun being cocked at the exact moment Sherlock said the words, and froze. John had indeed slipped up silently behind him while he was speaking, moving so slowly and quietly, sticking so well to the shadows that even Sherlock had not noticed immediately, although he was not precisely at the height of his powers of observation.
He’d decided to leave early in the morning, planning on sneaking out without disturbing the household. But to his surprise Victor, an inveterate late sleeper, is awake and insists on tea and toast and driving Sherlock to the station himself.
John removed the loosened, make-shift tourniquet from his arm. “You’re burning up,” he said, putting a hand on Sherlock’s clammy head. His skin, always pale, was practically translucent and his dark curls were slicked to his skull. “How long has this been going on?”
"Yes?" John asks, running his tongue along the line of Sherlock's jaw, flicking up behind his ear before moving down to suck gently on his throat.
"That's you dead, little brother. You lasted 6 days, 3 hours, and 47 minutes. Even I thought you'd make it outside a week."
But then Sherlock remembers how intricately, how subtly, Moriarty had led them here, to the decision point that wasn’t really any decision at all. How even months ago Moriarty had engineered that moment of what John still felt to be his greatest failure, that attempt to destroy their bond if not themselves. There would be backups, fail-safes upon fail-safes to ensure that if Sherlock reneged whole armies wouldn’t be enough to protect his friends.
"And what will you do, if you come back and he won't forgive you. Won't let you back in his life. Will it have been worth it?"
“The case.” Sherlock had forgotten about it, but is now glad for something to take both their minds off the incidents of the previous evening. “Yes. Of course.”
“Because… it’s Christmas! Drinks and games and all our friends… and you promised to play for everyone, remember? Too late to back out now.”
“Shut up. All right, John, you wait at the entrance of the compound and we’ll go in through the offices.”
As Sherlock is issuing instructions to the overwhelmed Bryant, John’s eyes fall on the doorjamb next to him. He reaches out and plucks something hanging from a splinter. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock paused in the shadows as he approached the huge, circular structure. The Globe loomed above him, in all its faux Elizabethan glory. He did not like meeting on someone else’s terms. Then again, he had chosen the time and location of their last meeting and it had hardly been on his terms either. The question was not so much “why here?” as “why at all?” Moriarty could have continued watching him invisibly forever, or, alternatively, killed him outright. Why this meeting? It was certainly a trap, but to what point and purpose? He knew he was playing by someone else’s rules now, but curiosity got the better of him and he went in.
John is speechless with rage at Sherlock’s capacity for self-destruction. “You know what, you’re right. I don’t care. I care so little that maybe I’ll do exactly the same goddamn thing. I’m sure you won’t mind if I do.”
“Such as if my cook decides she’s going to poison me because of all this, I’m coming after you,” Victor snaps, but without rancor.
“I’d hate to think that nearly dying all the time, in and of itself, is a vital piece of your identity. All I’m asking is that when you’re about to do something extraordinarily risky or harmful – whether it’s walking into a trap or shooting up cocaine – that you ask yourself if it’s actually necessary, really worth it. Worth maybe losing all this. Take a second and remember that you’re mine too, and what it would be like for me if you’re gone. And then if you really have to jump, have to risk it all… at least let me jump with you.”
They decide to walk home, even Sherlock agreeing the fresh air will do him good. To his mild surprise it’s morning rush hour – they’d been in the lab all night. He’s bad enough at keeping track of time, of days, during a case, but now he feels complete unharnessed from any sense of the world’s rhythms, without even light cues to remind him what’s passing.
“Fine, sorry,” John mutters and shifts his hold on her to compress her carotid artery and jugular vein on both side of her neck enough, without restricting her airway, that she slumps silently in his arms after only a few seconds.
John is meticulous, make sure he's not missed a spot before stopping, replacing the towel, then repeating the whole process, going against the grain this time. Then a final hot towel and the sting of aftershave. Sherlock hisses sharply, but is glad for the bracing shock to bring him out of his trance. Finally there is the soothing feeling of John's palms massaging Sherlock's musky-junipery lotion into his skin.
“I think you care about living to see the end of the game. Since our time is growing short, it’s my turn to ask what I can do for you, Consulting Criminal.” Sherlock spread his hands mockingly. “Anything you desire! Or at least anything before our guests arrive. Ten seconds.”
“Sorry, what was that?” John asks, pushing himself up to a sitting  position and shaking his head to clear it.
"No," Sherlock says a little too quickly, but John doesn't seem to notice. "But plenty of people there would have had a grudge against us, and the means. Perhaps a descendant of the original H.O.U.N.D. crew. I'm sure it will become clear once we've recovered."
Sherlock turns his pale eyes on his friend in genuine surprise. “Don’t be vulgar, John.” He resumes his playing, variations on the same theme.
John put his hands to his temples. “I’m going out,” he says quietly, wondering if Sherlock will even notice. He doesn’t. He’s absorbed in his playing, lost in a world that seems further from John than ever.
“Okay,” John tells him, rubbing Sherlock’s arm reassuringly. “It’s okay. Just tell me what you can.”
“I’m sorry, are we talking about the food or the case now? Because either way I think you might be doing it wrong.”
trousers? They certainly aren’t yours. My dear, if you wanted to get into a smaller pair of slacks, all you had to do was
Sherlock is aware of how smug he looks at the moment as John breathes, “That twisted bastard. You’re right!”
There is a pause. “I have to say, this not a method of rehab that I’ve heard of before,” Sherlock comments as they head back to the flat. “Threatening to join the patient in a downward spiral.”
“No, really, if it weren’t obvious enough from the fact that she was willing to run down to the hospital after midnight just to do a favour for you, I know what you smell like when you’ve been around a woman you’ve shagged.”
Sherlock's not even sure he's understood what he's just told John, but he knows it's right, somehow. He nods.
John squints at the plastic-wrapped contents. “Paper. It just looks like paper. Some kind of newsprint, maybe?”
John is intrigued. The throat of the woman in the picture is covered, from chin to collarbone, in an unusual diamond shaped pattern, etched into the flesh. “I have no idea what could have made those marks. Some kind of netting, maybe?”
The man looks deflated and John relaxes ever so slightly, motioning him to the chair in front of him. He is unprepared for the sudden lunge, without any tell, for the ID card in his hand, and just barely manages to hold it out of reach. He is somewhat more prepared for the ensuing roundhouse kick aimed at his chest, though still startled by the strength and speed of the smaller man’s attack. John manages to deflect the kick and move close enough to get in a punch or two of his own, hoping the immediate vicinity is deserted enough for no one to hear the scuffle.
“I’ve never belonged to anyone before,” Sherlock observes. “A few people wanted me to, but it’s not…not what I do.”
With agonising difficulty, fighting himself every inch, he lets go, slowly forcing stiff fingers off her throat. He fumbles for his weapon, lest she decide this moment of weakness on his part is a chance to make her move. She doesn't try anything. He's genuinely hurt her; despite her attempt at coolness she's unable to hide her gasping for air and the bruises darkening on her pale skin. She looks deeply shaken for a moment, and then resumes her façade.
It’s been a cold, rainy day in the middle of a London December that has been even more than usually full of cold, rainy days. It doesn’t seem possible that water could still be coming out of the sky in a liquid state at these temperatures, and for all its charms 221B doesn’t exactly do much for keeping the damp out. Nevertheless, Sherlock is in the sort of cheerful mood he normally only associates with the word “homicide”. John, however, is not.
“I know, John. I’m sorry, truly. I’ve said it and I’ll say it a thousand more times if you want.” Sherlock was doing his best to sound genuinely contrite, and in his heart he was. But this was getting to be a bit much, really – couldn’t they just move on? Still, John apparently needed more from him in the apology department and he didn’t really have much leverage to refuse.
John is ruthlessly seeking and destroying all of the knots Sherlock hadn't known were there, and it hurts, but in the best of ways. Sherlock leans into the pain as they dissolve under John's onslaught.
“Not yet,” John whispers to him, taking Sherlock in his arms, pressing bare chests together, John’s hardness, wet with Sherlock’s own saliva, digging  into his stomach. John strips him of trousers and pants and at last, with one steady hand on a sharp hipbone, touches him. Sherlock quivers under his hands and feels his skin prickle, goose pimples suddenly covering his body.
“It’s like as, and you can keep it!” John cuts him off. Sherlock steps back, feeling his chest tighten unexpectedly at John’s rebuke.
“You’re not taking my case?! Why did you have me wait around all day then?” The man gets up indignantly, grabbing for his coat. “Don’t tell me it was just so you’d have a second witness for your ambush engagement!”
He wakes in hospital, stitched up and full of painkillers. Sherlock is nowhere to be found, but Mrs. Hudson is there and Lestrade shows up soon as well.
It is a pleasant spring evening. Sherlock is still flying from the Baskerville case, pleased with himself and with the world in general. There are several promising new requests in their queue to be sorted tomorrow, and John has made a superb roast chicken for tea and is now working on his write up about the “hound”. For a brief moment both men are reasonably content with themselves and their existence.
John breaks off, controlling himself, but it's too late, Sherlock has read the truth in his face. He recoils, horrified at the thought, horrified at himself for not realizing what he had done, what might have happened. “Moriarty…” he says, weakly.
"Did you get it?" Sherlock demands, watching him through narrowed eyes, trying to assess too much data with too few functional senses. John looks like he's developing a black eye, there are some cuts on his face and knuckles, but nothing seems serious and John doesn't seem to have realized he has them.
Moran’s expression had not changed, but rather stayed frozen in a mask of genial interest, with hate slowly crystalising behind his brown eyes. “Go on,” he said dangerously.
He files it away to deal with later and instead shrugs carelessly. "Girls are all very well, but work is better when you're down to your last Euro."
“Yes, John, you are rather ripe,” drawls Sherlock with a wry grin. “We certainly can’t have you going to the ball in this state.”
John agrees and they make their way slowly through the lush greenhouse, lit only by the full moon through the glass ceiling. Several baroque water features gurgle pleasantly, and a few captive finches chirp from citrus trees. "Nice change from a London February," he comments. "Now, let's start again. Hi. I'm John. Really."
He handed her several bottles of prescription painkillers, given to him by the doctor. She looked surprised but didn't say anything, only scrutinized the labels. Sherlock added, “If you count you will find that the number of pills in the bottles matches the number printed on the bottles.”
Sherlock grins. “Isn’t it wonderful? Tomorrow we’ll go back to the scene together and it will be perfect.”
Countless women, exotic birds in glittering gowns every colour of the rainbow adorn a dance floor, in a house old enough and large enough to have its own ballroom. Men, elegant magpies in nearly identical coats and tails, attend them, twirling them round, showing them off, moving in step with them. Other men and women, likewise attired, line the sides of the cavernous room, admiring, eating, drinking, chatting gaily like a flock of finches, flitting about from one conversation to the next, never settling.
John rushes to Sherlock and inspects the damage. Bits of wood are embedded in it and it’s ugly, but not too deep. There is a lot of blood. John’s heart chokes his throat, a visceral reaction to the sight of injury to his friend, but he swallows it back and grabs his jacket to staunch the flow.
The hole left in Sherlock’s life by Irene Adler feels much more like one made by a lover than anything John can picture leaving, for all they’ve shared. It doesn’t help that John has been firmly banished to the very bedroom Sherlock once all but begged him to give up.
Sherlock picks up a small paring knife from a bin of them by the counter and toys with it. “Well, that’s very noble of you but I’m sure I could never survive on that. And I’ll never give up my leather.” He winks a bit naughtily at the man, who fails to notice completely.
“Last night…” John says, slowly. “This is why last night, all of a sudden... You knew he was coming back and you wanted… you said you didn’t want to die without knowing what it was like.”
It's there. It's real. A halo, a photonegative, a brilliant ghost. It burns into his retinas, glowing comfortingly. He watches, fascinated, as the figure of light reaches out to touch his forearm.
“What?” His head snaps sharply in her direction by reflex, but she doesn’t say another word and slips quietly out of the room.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, he’s standing stiff in the moonlight, his face practically twitching in anger.
John breaks from the kiss laughing in sheer delight and runs a hand up under Sherlock’s thin t-shirt, fondling every well-defined muscle in his path.
red wasn’t it? But it was dyed that way. Goodnight, Mr. Bryant. Remember what I told you.” And with that Sherlock sweeps out into the night, leaving John to make a hurried apology on his behalf and offer some quick, bracing words of reassurance before trotting after him.
He doesn't have time to deliberate any longer. He has to make a decision. Three stops, he decides. They must have gone three stops, then the fourth was where John and the attacker got out. Baker Street must be the next stop.
The looks on Sherlock’s face hardens, and he motions curtly for the officers to get her out of his sight.
“This. What to do we do? We solve mysteries. This is just a medical mystery. You’re a detective, I’m a doctor. Who better to solve this one? Let’s get to work.”
He hoped Sherlock had taken care of the original Moran agent quietly – if another shipment hadn’t been due for a month when Sherlock had gotten there, that meant that there were probably two more weeks before Moran or Mr. Božić started to suspect something had gone off. If he couldn’t find Sherlock in two weeks…well, he couldn’t think about that. The next thing to do was to figure out what was really in these boxes, and where they had been headed.
John uses this momentary distraction to free his wrists, tearing Sherlock’s shirt off his shoulders and running  his hands over the ivory skin of Sherlock’s back, feeling his shoulder blades, every vertebra under his fingers. Sherlock busies himself undoing John’s fly while John plunges his hands into Sherlock’s trousers, fondling the prominent hipbones, feeling Sherlock’s hardness so close to him but not yet daring to touch it.
“I had assumed he would go for a doctorate in chemistry after university and he nearly did, but he’d gotten the detective idea in his head by then, and we had fallen out badly after Mummy… well, I suppose you must know all about that.”
He doesn’t respond to John or reply to any of his carefully innocuous questions. He won’t eat any of the meals John stubbornly cooks for him, doesn’t sleep, stares at the telly like he doesn’t see it – he constantly mumbles corrections at it, but they are half hearted and mechanical. He will drink tea that John makes, but sips it with an air of surprise, as if he can’t imagine where it came from or what on earth his body wants with it.
, do you even understand that? You knew what might happen, you could have shared it with me, you could have warned me, we could have made a plan together. But you cared more about beating him than you did about me!"
Sherlock nodded vaguely but made no other move. He seemed to have fallen asleep. John took his skinny wrist and felt for a pulse. Weak, but steady. He relaxed slightly, but did not remove his fingers from the pulse point. Sherlock’s hand tightened around his unconsciously, and John did not try to extricate himself from its grip.
Sherlock shrugs. “Not enough data yet, although I’d be lying if I said I didn’t have three good ideas and six mediocre ones.”
John elbows him in the stomach. “No, no, no. Don’t make me kiss you again, I’m not sure either of us could handle that at this point.”
LET'S GET BACK. SHE'LL CALL AS SOON AS SHE'S REVIEWED THEM. MIGHT BE TRICKY GETTING A TAXI THIS TIME OF MORNING THOUGH.
"So, you won't mind if I test that, then? If I act like I don't know about the two of you, try to... corrupt him..."
"Your phone. You meant us to find it, hear the recording, didn't you? I know why you jumped. What I don't understand is why, if you were alive this whole time, you stayed silent."
"I thought maybe it wouldn’t be so difficult if it was all a game." He throws himself down into his chair and winces as his bruises hit the upholstery too hard.
Sherlock gives a grunt that manages to indicate that he has no intention of doing anything at all for quite some time, and John plants one last kiss on his full lips and fumbles his way to his feet.
"One shot. Directly to the brain. No second chances. Before they come and kill us. Or worse." John tells him. "It's the only way to be sure. Better than being captured. Trust me."
At last Sherlock says quietly, “I don’t know what he’s going to do. But I know it is going to be clever and dangerous and meant to destroy me completely. And possibly you as well. I can’t fight him, can’t counter him if I’m distracted by this, by you, by what…what we are. When I first knew he was going to return, I thought it was going to be over quickly, I wanted to be with you just once before, in case I didn’t…. But he’s been playing the long game and I never intended things with you to continue the way they have, never thought it would be…what it is. He’s already used you against me once, he won’t hesitate to do it again. I can’t be blinded by lust or fear or…any other feeling… or I will lose. Do you understand that? It’s too dangerous for both of us. I need to be focused completely on him, on whatever game he decides to play with me. If am anything else… he will win and I will be gone.”
“I know, John,” Sherlock says finally. “I’m sorry. I’ll go. I think… I think it’s best if I go.” He turns slowly, but is stopped by a strong hand on his bicep.
John followed her up three flights of crumbling cement stairs and she unlocked a door leading to a dingy attic studio. It was freezing up there, and completely empty except for a single bed and mattress, and a chair. His heart sank, but he made himself inspect every corner. There was no trace of its previous occupant. He turned to the woman.
He can feel Sherlock’s satisfied smirk and grins too. He allows his hand to drift upward and is rewarded by Sherlock’s own change of breathing and body temperature. “Sherlock?”
John shakes his head, running his fingers through his hair. "I'm sorry I didn't say more, but thought it would be safer to wait and tell you in person."
He rubs his temples and then taps his fingers on the floor nervously, waiting, wishing he could do something, anything. The minutes drag on and he's just about to make the call when he hears the door downstairs crash open. Sherlock jumps to his feet just in time for John to blow into the room like a solar storm.
“Hanna Mihov. Alias Lady Sienna Forsythe. Alias Heidi Dunburger. Alias… well, let’s just say that doesn’t even scratch the surface, eh? You encountered her on that counterfeiting case. What did you call it on your blog, The Red-Handed Red-Head?”
Sherlock has to agree with that. "You should know that if I could think of a way to persuade him to come back, I would do so with little to no thought to your feelings on the matter?"
He got on a late train headed for France, figuring maybe he’d go through Vienna on his way to Zagreb and see if he could pick up anything on Moran there, maybe making some other unrelated stops on the way. He’d have to put out that he’d gone on holiday, send some postcards to Mrs. Hudson and Harry, so it would seem a natural thing. Getting away after a loss, trying to distract yourself, that was normal, wasn’t it? If anyone was still watching him, he should make sure there was no discernible pattern to his wanderings. Although it would take longer that way, and he wasn’t sure how much time Sherlock had.
Still, something had shifted slightly in their relationship. Sherlock seemed slightly less obstinate around him, slightly more aware of where John was and what he was doing, even when it didn’t relate to anything Sherlock might be interested in. He seemed to be attempting to remember not to cause explosions or other loud noises late in the night. Sometimes he even made tea. And he was quieter. Not the maddening quiet of being lost so entirely inside his own head that nothing could reach him, but a more contemplative, melancholy kind of quiet that John had never seen before.
It takes him nearly a week to come to a conclusion and then a little longer to arrange things after that. Fear strings him out like a live wire the entirety of that time, fear that in asking for what he wants he will lose everything. Still, the advice he’d given Victor was what he believed, and now he feels no choice but to act accordingly with it.
John relaxes. “All right. Perhaps I am a bit too jumpy about the whole thing. At least he’s in custody now.”
“Excuse me,” Mycroft tells the lady, and steps aside with Sherlock who whispers something to him with barely restrained excitement. “Excellent. I’ll take care of it straight away. Do try the dessert.”
"You're..." Sherlock begins, but chokes. He's lost his words and shakes his head mutely. John chuckles, rubbing his thumbs in agonizing little circles on Sherlock's inner thighs for a few more seconds before dragging him over onto his back.
John grins. "One thing I don't understand, though. This whole set-up, infiltrating the Ginger Club, multiple people working for months... It seems like a lot of trouble for a single heist. How valuable can a one shipment of anything be?"
“It’s just…it’s too much, too soon. You just got back from the dead, you don’t have your job back, I still want to hit you and kiss you at the same time… And if we do this, I want it to be right. I don’t want either of us to wake up tomorrow morning with regrets.”
“Shut up!” John snaps, even as he burns. “You can’t just… put me out in the cold like you have, for weeks. Shut me out of your bed, out of your thoughts, refuse to answer my questions, mope about over someone else and not explain any of it to me, and then just decide that suddenly, because you’re horny, I’m of interest again. It doesn’t work that way!”
“Yes. This is new to me, you know that. I wanted to see what it would be like, you and me. Before we went so far that we couldn’t take it back if we wanted to.”
"Yes?" Sherlock says uncertainly. "That is all right, isn't it? You don't have to... I mean if you don't want to, it's fine. She'll have a place here for whenever you do want..."
Sherlock’s face is so collected he might well be talking about the weather, but his clear eyes are blown wider than they should be and his voice quavers just enough to let John know that he finds this mystery, of all things, frightening.
Sherlock is right in front of him now, with a glint in his grey eyes. John knows that look, and all that comes with it.
She dropped her voice, and John might have believed there was actual sadness in it, had she been someone else. “Think back to the past 18 months, Dr. Watson. Who did he come home to every night? Who was constantly at his side? Who did he never leave behind? Who did he share his entire life with, at least as much as he was capable of it? The truth is, Doctor, he may have loved me, but he
!” John spits. He’s spent too much of the day suppressing things and he’s done. “You come out here alone, not telling anyone, to what? Confront someone you think might actually be an equal? And what if he had been? He was clever enough for a gormless twat, but what if he had really been your match? Would we be sitting here now?”
John clucks over his wound appropriately and they exit, the real Sherlock resurfacing as soon as they cross the threshold, whipping out a pocket handkerchief and wrapping it efficiently around his hand. “Well, that was informative.”
John's breath catches in a combination of relief and shock. He swallows and Sherlock can hear him open his mouth with what are surely a dozen questions and exclamations, but he bites his tongue.
It’s so infuriating that John is tempted to go to Mycroft, but he suspects something is going on there that he shouldn’t interfere with. The only one who has a more complicated relationship with Sherlock than John is Mycroft, and John freely admits he doesn’t understand it. He decides the best thing to do is to just let whatever it is run its course, and hope Sherlock will talk to him at some point if it is serious.
Brilliant. Moran was making a business on smuggling the very small, in a way that was virtually undetectable. But where was it going? Where did Moran conduct his business from? John pored over the ledger for the rest of the morning and early afternoon. There were no addresses. That would have been too much to ask, John supposed. There were inventory lists and appraisal values that would be very useful in connecting Moran to criminal activity, but he was worried about finding his friend alive, not busting a smuggling ring – at least not yet.
“This appears to be an ideal scenario for a foray into the dating world. We know the boy and his parents, he presents no physical threat, and Tess is versed in upwards of 150 ways to disable or kill an individual who might attempt to persuade her to do something against her… What’s wrong, why is your face like that?”
“You don’t remember? Sherlock said once he knew you had him, he slit his own throat right there. Nasty business, this whole thing. Is that what happened?”
She seems at least to consider that, if not accept it, taking a few moments to think before she replies. "If he's as thoroughly deflowered as you say, then why does he seem so..."
"You're slipping down now, running your whole body over mine, hands following." Sherlock's voice catches and goes up half an octave. "Now you're kneeling between my legs and rubbing my buttocks and the backs of my thighs with more oil."
“I just don’t understand,” he tells her, hoarsely, voice nearly gone. “He lied to me… he tried to keep me away, then he called and told me everything he’d ever told me was a lie, but that was the real lie, and then he…he… jumped. I can’t believe it. Any of it. I have to find out what really happened. I won’t be able to rest until I know.”
"I am not wearing a hospital smock," Sherlock declares. "They only need to look at my head, anyway."
By the fourth day, Sherlock was in bad shape. He was bruised head to toe, and was certain he had more than one cracked rib, as well as broken fingers and toes, several missing fingernails, two black eyes, and more shallow cuts than he could count. He knew he could not hang on much longer. He was beginning to hallucinate in his cell and suspected he had developed some kind of infection. He had begun thinking of ways to end it on his own in order to prevent Moran from having the satisfaction of beating him, but his cell was frustratingly bare and he was watched. He might be able to get one of the jumpier guards to shoot him, though, if he was smart about it.
John approaches warily, unable to convince the taxi to wait or even drive to the end of the lane. As he draws nearer, he spies a few signs of recent habitation and wonders what kind of person could live like this without even attempting upkeep to the place.
He couldn’t think. His brain was too hot. He couldn’t remember when he’d slept last. He stumbled to the bookcase, searching for the right volume. His vision was blurry. There it was. Edgar Allen Poe. He pulled the book halfway off the shelf and then jumped up and down three times in front of the bookcase. A small compartment opened seamlessly from the shelf below the selected book. Sherlock smiled to himself. John hadn’t found everything. From the compartment he took a small vial, a syringe, and a length of rubber tubing. Then he went upstairs.
John’s reaching, but they don’t have much in the way of leads. Sherlock nods in what he hopes is an encouraging manner.
He chucked one of the packs at the wall in anger and it bounced to the bed, spilling its contents across the duvet. Twenty-one cigarettes, each expertly hand-rolled and embossed with the familiar coat of arms. But…not all the same size. Six of them were a good three centimetres shorter than the others.
Sherlock heard a step behind him and turned, pulling his gun and aiming it at a slim, shadowy figure ten metres beyond him.
Suddenly he feels hands on his waist from behind, warm breath smelling of toothpaste on the side of his face. He forces himself not to tense. “But, um, won’t be until this afternoon, is that all right?”
They went downstairs, both armed with some of the more impressive looking, non-tranquilizer guns from Moran’s armory.
“Do you think that was dramatic enough?” John needles, upon catching up with his lanky companion. “Would you like to try it again and be a bit more mysterious?”
He closes his eyes and tries to let his brain disassociate from the moment, to scan over all the information without actively thinking as Sherlock had tried to teach him to do.
John gasps despite himself and snaps into doctor mode. "Let me take a look," he demands, approaching.
The bed is gone. Two walls have been lined with book shelves, containing most of Sherlock’s chemical library. One row of shelves is stocked with most of Sherlock’s chemistry supplies. There’s a rack for glassware, a sink, and hook-ups for gas, C0
The other man makes a low noise that could, in some circumstances, be interpreted as pleasure or at least acceptance. John lays there quietly, until he feels the angry breathing begin to subside. Finally he asks, “What happened?”
John cracked the door. Sherlock was sitting on his bed, facing away from the entrance, legs crossed beneath him and violin loosely in his hands. John slowly walked around the bed to face him, and knelt down in front of his friend, putting his hands on Sherlock’s knees.
And indeed it was not long before a man entered the room, striding in confidently and smiling when he saw Sherlock. He was tall, at least as tall as Sherlock, but where Sherlock was slender, this man was beefy and broad, well-muscled and clearly vain of it. Where Sherlock had curly dark hair and fair, almost pallid skin, this man was tan and ruddy, with a blonde crew-cut.
“You want to be seen as a man of your word, but in reality you have no qualms about stabbing your partners in the back to get what you want, except perhaps Moriarty, who may have been the only person you actually loved in this world, other than yourself. You don’t hesitate to use weapons such as poison or trickery, although you’d prefer everyone to believe that you’re the type of man to kill ‘honestly’, in broad daylight, rather than hiding in shadows as you so often do. That’s why you became a sniper and not a plain infantryman. You want the honor of a soldier but you don’t like the risk. You enjoy cruelty and have always been ashamed that you do, which is why you were attracted to Moriarty, because he was the first person that didn’t ask you to be anything other than what you are.”
“Sit down,” snaps Sherlock. “Your Papa and I have something to say to you.” He clears his throat, and gives John a little shove forward. “Well, go ahead, John.”
John swears. “You’re lit! Jesus, Sherlock, I thought we’d had done with this.” He rushes over to his friend and performs a quick assessment. “Well, you’re high as a kite but at least you’re not in any immediate danger. Here, you need water.”
“What? No, not at all. The wounds clearly match the weapon, there are defensive wounds on his hands…”
Moriarty nods knowingly, as if he can see what's going on behind Sherlock's eyes. "It didn't work as I'd expected, but may I say the results were far more entertaining. Loss of senses. Loss of self. I had hoped under a strong psychosis you might kill John Watson. I never dared to hope you might try to kill yourself. Of course I would never have let that happen. You're not to die until I say so. John, on the other hand... the sooner the better, really."
want to be found. He wasn’t taking any risks that Sherlock would be unable to solve the puzzle. The numbers merely corresponded to the alphabet on a phone keypad. He deduced the most likely letters to be used in combination with each other. Leaving off the leading null, it left him with:
When they reach the street, the taller man leans down and purrs in John’s ear, “After we wrap this up, I plan to finish what I started.” John manages to keep his knees from going weak, but it’s a close thing.
He indulges his theatrical side in revealing his return to his other friends and derives some satisfaction from their reactions. Although admittedly, given Mrs. Hudson’s age and health, he probably should have chosen a more subtle entrance back into Baker Street. Still, no harm done.
He holds it together until they reach the relative safety of the flat. But once he’s inside he can’t contain it any longer. He shakes John off him and lashes out, aimlessly, full of rage and despair. His fist connects with the wall and he feels the crash as the steer skull falls from its mount. His hip bangs painfully into the sharp corner of the desk and he pushes it, overturning it, before spinning around and grabbing the lamp, smashing it into another wall. His hand feels warm and wet and he realizes he must have sliced it up, but it doesn’t seem to matter.
“C-c-cold,” stuttered John. Sherlock cast around desperately for anything warm and dry, even a tarp, but there was nothing. His clothes were just as soaked as John’s. He could only think of one thing to do.
"We haven't any time," Sherlock says, trying not to let urgency shade to panic. That's the last thing John needs to hear in him. "I need you to block it out. It's all a hallucination. I need you to block it out, Dr. Watson!"
Sherlock shifts awkwardly. He's grown nearly as comfortable with Mary as with John over the past months, but between the venue and the stiffness of his morning dress he can't quite shake the feeling that he shouldn't be here. "You...asked to see me?"
Mary looks him right in the eye. "So much for delicacy, then. If you don't think I figured out you and John were shagging each other’s brains out before you disappeared, then you're the worst detective in the world."
John, with difficulty, puts down the knife and sits forcefully down in the chair opposite her. "No, we won't," he tells her, keeping his voice calm although not entirely devoid of anger. "Because you, Ms. Adler, are making the mistake of thinking that you and I are competing on a level playing field. We're not. In fact, we're not competing at all, because you never got off the bench. You can flirt and proposition and strip naked for him from now till the sun goes cold, but it won't get you anywhere. At least not anywhere you'd want to go."
Sherlock gestures noncommittally. "Not worth the trouble to find," he says, taking a long draw from his pint.
So little has changed about the flat that Sherlock could almost imagine he hadn’t been gone, if it weren’t for a musty, empty, unused feel about it. It seems darker and colder. John barely speaks to Sherlock, although he does, occasionally, stare hard at him, as if trying to remember who he is, what they were to each other. Sherlock tries to figure out what he needs, tries to give him space and time, but he is at a loss. Some days he thinks he should just leave, just get out of his way and let him go on with his life, but he doesn’t want to, and he worries that it might make things worse for John. He won’t go unless John tells him to, he decides.
John knows he should be angry that Sherlock kept all this from him, that he put him through so much pain. He is angry, really, but his anger is so tiny compared to the joy and relief of having his friend back that it seems utterly insignificant. He takes in the explanation wordlessly, just happy to listen to the smooth, sonorous voice again. When Sherlock is done he asks, “So… is it safe now?”
Carefully, still following the tracks, he mounts a long, narrow, turning staircase, stepping only where he sees a footprint. The tightness of the space and the blind corners make him even more jumpy.
“Hmmm. Well, you did get rather a sizeable bump on the head that day.” John is quite startled by this whole thing, but doesn’t want to alarm Sherlock or make him feel persecuted. There’s no faster way to get him to clam up. “Sherlock, do you know what synesthesia is?”
They do some experiments and discover that Sherlock can reliably see John's form in a radius of about four feet. He is most visible and defined when he is closest and when he is moving about and speaking. Beyond four feet he wavers in and out of existence, depending on how active he's being. Within that space if John picks something up, or puts his hand on a piece of furniture, Sherlock can see it faintly, just the bit that John is touching, as if it's illuminated by him. When John stands very still he becomes faint, but doesn't go out.
John speeds up, ruthless, his hand around Sherlock like iron and his cock burning within Sherlock's thawing body. But then John he leans forward and puts his mouth to the small of Sherlock’s back, using his tongue flick out the letters, wanting to make sure he's in Sherlock's head, too.
John does, however, have to institute a few rules for his own sanity. The first, only a week into what he has decided is indeed a relationship:
The darkness inside him, while not gone by any means, is much quieter than he can ever remember it being, not silent by any means but no longer yawning and screaming at him ceaselessly, demanding to be fed either by work, drugs, or his life. He is, of course, still restless, impatient, and easily bored. He still often hurts and constantly annoys those closest to him. But the oppressive fear, the urgency, the feeling that if he stops he will be consumed from the inside out, is kept at bay for one of only a very few times in his life.
Why should Sherlock begrudge John a little relief here and there, provided it doesn’t get serious? Living with him when he’s frustrated isn’t particularly pleasant, and Sherlock understands that most people need an outlet of some kind, even if he has managed quite well for years without one. Granted, this was interfering with a case, but he should have just let it go this time.
It’s two in the morning by the time they get back to Baker Street and neither of them are in the mood for sleep. John insists on picking up some takeout. “I’m not letting your starve yourself until we figure it out. If you have some kind of disease, not eating will only make it worse.”
“I must enter my code first,” she explained. “Then you will enter your password and the box will open automatically. Excuse me.”
"Now you're digging into my shoulders and trapezius with your knuckles, reaching deep tissue, and working inward."
To John’s surprise he looks conciliatory. "It’s how I work, when I'm working out a theory... You know that. I can’t always explain when I’m in process."
Mr. Moran has inspected the items. Thank you for your cooperation, Mr. Božić. Good day.” He gathered the cartons and book and strode out of the shop, a lot more calmly than he felt. He made it around the corner and out of sight of the shop before he had to lean against a wall and let his heart rate slow. There were so many ways that could have gone wrong.
Sherlock’s thoughts swirled around in his head, forming ever tighter concentric circles. He had to solve it. He had to fix it. He had to find out what his heart was. But he didn’t have a heart, everyone said so. Even John. It must be a riddle. He hated riddles.
John’s cock is heavy in his hands and he holds it gingerly, like he’s cupping a baby bird, in awe of the fact that he is permitted this privilege, this intimacy. John grows harder at his touch, as he twists his fingers into the pale, curly hair and follows the curve of his testes, trying to memorize every facet. The scent of John curls into his nostrils, strong and musky and unapologetically male and dewy drops glisten on his slit. Without thinking, Sherlock dips his head and licks John’s tip, taking in the sharp, salty, precious liquid. John moans again and presses into Sherlock’s mouth, gentle but insistent, and Sherlock opens to accommodate him.
The behemoth of a man peers into the back. “Tommy, you playing wi’ us? Get serious, we need to get out of here and done!”
The flight to Helsinki was long, but the one from Helsinki to Ivalo was even longer, on a tiny 12-seat plane that was inadequately heated. John put on nearly every item of warm weather gear he owned at once, and huddled in his window seat, faintly nauseous. He was not prone to motion sickness in the slightest, but the stomach churning drops and turns of Scandinavian winter flying were something new to him entirely.
“This isn’t about that case. I’m sorry, I know it’s late but I need your help and I’m afraid it’s rather urgent.”
He smiles at Sherlock like the first dawn at the North Pole after a very dark winter. For a moment all is right. But then something flickers across John’s face, something that hurts him.
“I know why our thief is obsessed with the pictures!” Sherlock crows gleefully. “And how to trap him.”
And then he is gone and John is alone the flat; nothing has really changed but nothing will ever be quite the same.
John mind races, looking over everything. “Perhaps it is a bit strange that the murder weapon was left here…he must have panicked and run off.”
Sherlock props himself up as well and peers at John over steepled fingers. “I said, it’s not light; it’s sound.” He’s watching John sharply for a reaction, like a predator, like a scientist, like a child who’s just confessed a misdeed all rolled into one.
Slowly, tentatively, Sherlock began to respond to the affection, and even offer some of his own, leaning into John’s hand if he placed it against Sherlock’s cheek, or putting a couple of fingers very lightly against John’s leg while they were reading next to each other. He was careful though, clearly gun-shy of crossing a line again and having John reject him. John felt rather as if he was taming a wild animal. Domesticating Sherlock.
There are plenty of things they don’t say, don’t talk about. Sherlock is never good with feelings, and John is more of a man of action, preferring to show rather than tell. It is not so much that they are avoiding it, but that they have better ways of communicating, and some things just don’t need to be spoken.
“Everything, John. Computer files, paper files, court records, emails, call logs – anything that had any mention of her, her aliases, or even anything she was suspected of being involved in. Completely erased. Things that were only on my personal hard drive, papers in my desk… Even the officers keeping tabs on her were transferred, scattered, with no explanations.”
“Sherlock, why are you saying this?” John can’t hide the hurt in his voice, but tries to keep it steady. “What happened?”
“I’m not certain, to be honest,” Mycroft said. “My primary theory is that his success allowed him to isolate himself even further. He came into his trust fund so money was no object, the Yard needed him more than he needed them so he didn’t have to interact more than he wanted to. He was living once again more and more inside his head, with no one and no reason to take him out of it. Sherlock’s head can be an agonising place to be, particularly without respite…”
Sherlock releases one of John's hands so he can snake one of his own between John's legs. There's more than enough oil for lubrication, and he slips a finger inside of John without warning, feeling his friend clench and relax around him as Sherlock rubs a thumb just behind his testes. John wraps his free hand around the back of Sherlock's neck and pulls his face closer. "Don't stop," he grunts, panting like a wild thing, his breath savoury and warm in Sherlock's nostrils.
John’s stomach drops and his breathing quickens as Sherlock leans over him and puts his mouth to John’s ear and growls in his most predatory voice, “You’re mine John Watson. Don’t forget it. You’re mine and I’m going to have you right now.”
They all hurry to say no, of course not, best of luck with that, but the conversation dwindles after his revelation and soon they are mumbling reasons why they must really get going. Great to see John, next time we’ll have to hit the pub and relive the glory days.
“Lovely to hear from you, too.” Sherlock ends the call and snaps the phone in half. It makes a satisfactory cracking sound. He adds salt water for good measure and then stalks back to his lodgings to sweet-talk the landlady into the use of her clunky old laptop. He plugs in the data stick once he’s safely in his room.
"It happened very suddenly in the alley. That's why I tripped." That's really the only information he can give John at the moment.
"Thank you," Sherlock tells him. "I'm going to bathe now and then we'll go to Bart's and you can scan me again. More blood tests as well." Now that he has even this tiny portion of his senses back, he's hopeful again, certain that they can find a cure or at least a cause. He feels motivated, invigorated. It feels good.
"Sorry to interrupt, sir, Lady," he mumbles in a nasal South London accent. "But there's an urgent message for you downstairs, Mr. Colby. You must come right away."
John stays quiet beneath him, even the slight movement from Sherlock’s breathing sending shivers of pleasure through him. The heat from Sherlock’s body radiates into him, filling him up, suffusing him with joy. He has never felt anything so intimate in his life, as though they are a single creature, and he thinks he could stay like this forever.
His lips slam into John’s bruisingly as he pulls John tight to him with a long arm around his waist.
She looks wary for a moment and then says carelessly, "Heidi. I suppose it's not so bad to take a break from my cover. Lady Forsythe is far too popular. It's exhausting, and for eight months straight."
Mycroft wheezed and John realized he was cutting off the man’s air supply. He let up on the umbrella infinitesimally. Slowly the red fog of rage receded, just slightly. He realized that Mycroft was alone. Mycroft was never alone. There was no Anthea on her ever-present mobile. There was no car waiting for him outside. In addition, Mycroft had come there…Mycroft almost never came to the flat, though he had it bugged regularly. When he wanted to see John he typically had him brought to him.
Without stopping even for lunch, he hailed a taxi to the airport and booked a flight to Helsinki, pausing at the duty free to acquire several pairs of woolen long underwear, a parka, and various other cold-weather items. It would be dark and cold where he was going.
“This phone was in my house and I didn’t put it there, and I don’t think any of my friends did either, so yes I am very worried about it!” It wasn’t like Molly to be so firm, she must be quite upset. “It was him, wasn’t? Jim? Moriarty? He did this. What does it mean?”
It's just the stress of the situation, he tells himself. But he knows it's not. It's the drug working on him, working whatever terrible havoc it's got for him this time. He's got to get home before it sets in. Last time he'd had twelve hours, but maybe he's been dosed so heavily, so many times, that no longer applies.
“Just the three guards at the door,” Sherlock replies, in a bored tone. “Child’s play. Never saw us coming.”
Before he can collect any data, the individual is gone and Sherlock is smacking into a set of doors. Relieved, without too much time to wonder about his benefactor, he pushes through and emerges in the less-than-fresh air of a London weekday morning. He walks just far enough out to avoid being slammed into by others coming through the doors and stops, lifting his head and inhaling deeply.
“Happy,” John confirms, and realises that he really is. “Although if you really want to avoid any lava, you could always try being less of a complete dick about my non-you activities.”
He shut off the record, filled a basin with cold water, and got a washcloth. Then he pulled the chair from the corner of his room over to the bed and settled himself in it, putting a cool cloth on the feverish head. “Just be still,” he said. “This will pass.”
It takes nearly half an hour in late afternoon traffic to get there. It’s a row house, nothing remarkable, dark inside. The door is ajar, and John enters carefully, weapon drawn. The downstairs is deserted.
“You tried to hide it from me. You didn’t want me to know. Something is about to happen, isn’t it? Something really bad, something with Moriarty. That’s why you’re doing this. Because of him, because of last time when he—” John breaks off, unable to say it, to bring back to life that horrible night at the pool where they nearly lost each other.
Her brazen bluffing only infuriates him more and his fingers twitch of their own accord, tightening.
Moriarty grins and approaches him with a predatory air, confident. "Tell me you don't feel it at all, Sherlock. We were made for each other, and this world was made for us. Think what we could do together. How exciting it could be. We could take this world and dismantle it brick by brick." He's standing very close to Sherlock now. Too close. Sherlock can feel the heat pouring off his body. "We could take this world and burn it into ashes just for something pretty to look at."
John stays still, allows Sherlock the time and silence to work all this into his conception of John Watson as a person even as John himself tries to let it fade again, to herd it back into the corner of his mind, cordoned with barbed wire and landmines, that he’s ceded to the memories he’s never learned how to delete. Unfortunately, Sherlock’s not done with him yet.
“Sherlock, what in the world are you doing in here?” he demanded, holstering his pistol and rushing over to the bed.
After that week and that conversation, the horrible events that follow are almost a respite, although John hates that he thinks that way now. Mrs. Hudson is neither seriously hurt by the thuggish Americans looking for Ms. Adler’s phone nor as shaken as she pretends to be, and it gets Sherlock back in the game, back to life.
John decides it doesn’t matter if they don’t speak the same language, as long as at least one of them can puzzle out what the other is saying. Sherlock is watching him like a hawk, unable to predict his reaction or discern whether he’s been forgiven.
The shard in Sherlock’s heart that is Mary Watson’s final gift to him stabs painfully and he nods, trying not to let any of it show. “Yes. Of course, I should have realized… don’t give it another thought. There are plenty of other ways we can plan for Rosie.”
Sherlock’s moves are impressive, a combination of boxing, jujitsu, and capoeira. John doesn’t often get to watch him fight, as he’s usually in a fight of his own at the time, and takes pleasure in it. Sherlock is exceedingly graceful, and his body is perfectly honed. She’s fast though, and she’s got relentless power. She’s making him use twice the energy just to connect, and when he does get a foot in her side, she barely stumbles and instead presses on, putting Sherlock immediately on the defensive.
“He couldn’t have done. We weren’t even close to him until an hour ago, and this is at least three hours old. I thought we had more time! I don’t understand.”
Something in his face causes Victor to give into his affectionate impulses and he puts a hand on Sherlock's arm. It’s surprisingly grounding.
John shakes his head vehemently. “No. The opposite of wrong.” He clears his throat. “Tell me, how quickly can you get that registrar back here?”
"In so many things." Moriarty slithers over and takes a seat beside him. Too close, but Sherlock refuses to give him the satisfaction of moving away. He hand rolls a cigarette with studied leisure and Sherlock holds out his own for Moriarty to light it off. The master criminal takes a deep drag and lets out an almost obscene sigh of pleasure. "You don't seems surprised to see me."
"John, I am not nearly so oblivious as you give me credit for. I can keep a human child alive unsupervised for a few hours. All the experiments have gone in the kitchen, the kitchen door is locked, and you'll be back before tea."
"Good, because I am a rubbish dancer," he tells her cheekily, and gets a louder laugh for his pains. He's got her attention for a little while at least. "You're Lady Forsythe aren't you? Society treasurer or something?"
John relates his conversation with the imposter aristocrat. "She mentioned someone who sounded like he was in charge, just called him 'him', but she didn't seem to like it and said she wasn't allowed to meet him."
John stalks out, leaving Sherlock fuming in the sitting room. He is horrified by his own emotional display, unsure of what made him act that way. Usually his tactic for dealing with John’s dates is to primarily ignore them, with a little light mocking of John’s desire for a relationship, and quiet torture of the women if they make it to the stage where John has to bring them round.
Moriarty shrugged, and did not move away. “What can I say, no one’s perfect. And since we are the only two of a kind in the world, what you do
When Sherlock Holmes first casually refers to them as “we”, not 36 hours into their acquaintance, John Watson feels a strange swell of pleasure and pride. Pleasure at being part of a team again, part of anything, when he’s been alone for so long, and pride that this brilliant man seems to find his opinion and aid worth seeking out. And suddenly John can’t imagine a life that doesn’t include him.
“Right…” says John slowly, taken aback. “Well, some of those could be worth looking into…The violin strings are probably fine, but maybe the dodgy food or an allergic reaction to the cleaner? Mould in that house?”
The sensation of bare cocks, bare thighs, bare everything pressed against each other is exquisite torture for Sherlock. “Please John,” he whispers, between kisses. “I can’t take it anymore.”
“Love is a terrible thing,” Sherlock says bitterly as they get in the taxi back to Baker Street. “Look what it does. It destroys.”
He leaves the room without a word and goes upstairs. He gathers a few things and returns to the sitting room. He wants to bolt, to storm out, to disappear and let Sherlock chew on that for a little while. But they have an agreement and John’ll be buggered if Sherlock will get him to break his word now.
“Consolidate or blackmail? The only reason anyone would follow you is if they thought you could destroy them – most of those operations will make far more money on their own without your ‘protection’ as you probably call it. No, your grip on any kind of power is shaky at best and you know that without something to command loyalty what little you have of it will slip through your fingers like so much sand. Moriarty knew you couldn't handle it, that's why all he gave you to run was a tiny little smuggling operation, dealing in trinkets. You weren't his partner, you were his
He took it. “Good girl. Now tell me, did you notice anything out of the ordinary today, anything at all in your apartment or on the way here? Think!”
John is more surprised than he ought to be to see Mycroft Holmes standing outside of his sister’s house the next morning. He rushes out before the man can try to enter. Harry and Mycroft would be an explosive combination and he’s not sure who would come out of it the worse.
Sherlock releases some of the pressure he didn't realise he was applying and feigns grogginess. "Sorry. Don't know. Don't remember," he lies. "I can see and hear again though. Everything appears normal."
John takes his hands. "I understand, okay? I do. And I'm flattered that you think so much of me, but I can't do everything. It's impossible. And if you want your sight back, you need to be seen by people who know what they are doing."
“Hmm. Or been watching. Or he could have gotten lucky, been ready to break in but then not had to. No way to tell. But what does tell is that no one reported a car or taxi anywhere near the house, which means he either walked from somewhere close or parked several streets away. Walked is more likely, since if you have a getaway car you want it right there. At some point in the day before our victim died, the murderer snuck into the house, planted the cyanide in something he knew she would consume, and left before he was detected. Which bring us to…”
“What a coincidence,” he replies, and reaches into his nightstand drawer, pulling out a bottle of lube and some condoms, leftover from his last girlfriend, Sherlock is sure, and not placed here in preparation for this. At least not consciously.
Sherlock says nothing in response and after a long moment the other man laughs humorlessly. "Well, try down at
The twenty-first day was clear and crisp, and unseasonably cold. It was intolerably bright and sunny, especially for such a chilly summer’s day. John hadn’t brought a jacket and the wind bit at him, but he didn’t shiver. He was lost in his thoughts and it took him a few moments to notice a female figure standing in the trees just beyond the grave.
“Minimal risk?” John is aghast. “Leaving aside the fact that all I was originally worried about was a basic film-and-chips first date and you’ve managed to upgrade it to defcon six, sex and
Sherlock pulls up short. “Yes. From me. But you like women. You’re not going to just run off with another man, I’m the only man you’re interested in. But you’ve always liked women, and they like you. Too much.”
She growls something into his hand that is certainly incredibly obscene and manages to get an elbow back into his stomach with enough force to knock the wind out of him.
Sherlock makes a soft sound into John’s hair, and they wait in silence for the police, soaked, freezing, bleeding, together.
For the first time since St. Bart’s, Sherlock realises he’s slowed down long enough to feel sorry for himself. Or maybe it's just the cold getting to him. But either way, he feels tired and lonely and, he hates to admit...sad.
Sherlock did not react and kept the gun fixed on Moriarty, who sighed. “Can’t we just agree that this is not productive and that I have the advantage, as always, and put our weapons away and chat like good little boys? Hmm?”
Sherlock leaves the party in the dark, not really sure where he’s going as he’d intended to stay the night at the villa and hasn’t ordered a car. He walks into the warm night until he can no longer hear the music or see the the lights from the dance floor and leans against a tree, fishing the pack of fags he’d nicked from Janine’s handbag out of his coat pocket. Bless her, she smoked like a nineteenth century sailor - high tar, no filter.
“What, tell them he can’t have done it because he was with us the whole time, at the scene of the crime?” John asks.
John wasn’t sure, but he thought Sherlock might have just told him he loved him. He pulled Sherlock closer in response, crushing him against his chest and breathing in his scent, deodorant and soap and sweat and sex all mingled together. After a moment, John said lightly, “I’ll be lucky if I can walk tomorrow, you know.”
John picks it up and just as he is thinking that this doesn’t seem like the sort of place one wanders about without one’s ID, even on a holiday, a slight noise behind him makes him spin towards the door, crouching a little, unconsciously, as his body readies itself for any potential threat.
“I think you might be radioactive,” Sherlock tells him, completely serious, and John quivers as the reverberations of Sherlock’s deep voice reach into his own body.
John closes his eyes. He knows he should stop this. Sherlock isn’t in his right mind, wild-eyed and horny and out of control. He can feel Sherlock’s erection hard on the small of his back, hands on his chest, crossing well beyond any lines they’ve approached before. He doesn’t reply.
Sherlock’s brow furrows at him. “Have I done something wrong?” he asks, in that nearly childlike way he has when he’s out of his emotional depth.
"You can make what choices you like. You can choose your own warped version of good over my vision of greatness. You can stay in your safe flat with your single minded little soldier. You can make each other all the promises you like. But I promise you, John Watson will not have you. I'll make you break his heart. Or I'll break him. Your choice, Sherlock. Isn't it nice to have choices? Make yours carefully, you won't have a chance to take it back."
Sherlock nods. "Chatter is there's someone new involved, he's taking things in a more aggressive - and lucrative - direction."
Sherlock picked up his violin again and began to bow, more gently this time, producing something approaching a melody.
But really, the day is going along just splendidly until Sherlock punches John in the face. It all goes rather downhill after that. Distressed Stranger Sherlock is not a new one for John, although he’s not previously taken it to such an extreme, and they are ushered into Ms. Adler’s house with John dutifully playing the Helpful Bystander as is required of him.
It’s not very long before John realises something more than a solid friendship is developing here. He takes it in stride, carefully considering the possible consequences and ramifications before deciding what to do about it. He’s never been one to lie to himself, and he doesn’t see the point of doing so now. Men have never featured in his romantic activities (except, occasionally, in the way that tends to happen during a long and isolated deployment), but he is not entirely opposed to the concept and Sherlock is certainly very unique.
Sherlock makes a contemplative noise. “Perhaps my work and…other things…aren’t completely incompatible. At least in certain cases.”
John gathers his wits and tears his mouth away from Sherlock’s, stopping him dead. “Wait. What’s going on?”
He'd known that this was a possibility of course, and he had accepted that his death once he was captured was more likely than not, but he didn’t want to die like this, his life and dignity cut away one piece at a time until he could no long control himself, no longer keep the fear at bay. He wasn’t scared of dying, but he was terrified of breaking. He knew his mind was stronger than Moran’s, by far, and was ashamed at how quickly it seemed ready to betray him.
John is released the next day. He takes a taxi home, as Sherlock is still at large and he doesn't want to disturb Mrs. Hudson. He can hear the sounds of the violin from their flat when he walks in the front door, and it enrages him. He darts up the stairs, quick as his injury will allow, and bursts through the door.
Sherlock sighs. “I didn’t know this, precisely, was going to happen. But yes, if you must know, I had a pretty fair idea that Moriarty was going to make a move, that it was going to be soon, and that it was going to be designed to get my attention.”
Their relationship still confuses him, but the one thing John is certain he can call Sherlock Holmes, no matter what else happens, is his friend. He would always be his friend. To have Sherlock call that into question, even in a drug-induced fit, cuts him deeply even now, despite Sherlock’s almost sweetly atrocious efforts at apologizing without ever using the word “sorry”. The verbal gymnastics required to do this are, at the very least, entertaining.
"That's not me," Sherlock says, but his voice lacks conviction. Moriarty's lithe little body is pressed up against him, and he's pure sex looking feverishly up into Sherlock's face, and just for a moment, Sherlock feels it like a thunderclap.
“And more necessary, to his mind. He was smart enough to know it was happening and try to stop it, but he didn’t understand why or how to reverse it. And if even work couldn’t keep him sane…well, there was nothing else for him to try.”
They have time for John to get soup and bread, while Sherlock gulps his coffee like he’s in a competition and then taps his fingers on the table, anxious, waiting for news. Finally his phone buzzes.
“Mrs. Hudson, I really don’t have time…” Then he gives in, unable to keep his worry completely to himself any longer. “Sherlock’s gone after a dangerous man alone. A very dangerous man and I don’t know if…” He chokes any further words back.
“If you wish to be indelicate, yes. It was decided that unlimited access to large sums of money would not be beneficial for him. It’s one of the many reasons he resents me so very much. But he has access to more than enough to keep him afloat, and if he should die it will all go to you now. There’s quite a lot in it.”
John shakes his head. IN ALL THE OTHER SCANS YOU SHOWED EXTREME ACTIVITY IN THOSE AREAS, BUT WE THOUGHT THAT WAS JUST NORMAL FOR YOU. YOU'RE ALWAYS THINKING, VISUALISING, IMAGINING. I'D EXPECT YOUR SCANS TO BE OVERACTIVE IN THOSE AREAS. BUT IF THE ACTIVITY DECREASES WHEN YOU ARE CONFRONTED WITH SOMETHING YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE... SHERLOCK, THOSE ARE THE AREAS OF THE BRAIN THAT ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR HALLUCINATIONS.
John shakes his head heavily, righteous anger and vitriol gone out of him now. He leans back against the desk, deflated. “She’s already attached. She’s a sixteen year old girl, Sherlock. For all that she’s like you, she feels
Sherlock looks suddenly aged, defeated by this blow in a way John has rarely seen him. “She won’t be just ours anymore, will she?”
Sherlock waves off his comment. “Oh, never mind, John. It doesn’t matter. I only took this case because things were so unbearably dull – Lestrade would have solved it in another day or two on his own. Maybe our subject would have been short a couple of digits, but at least he’d have learned his lesson. Shall we get food?”
John ripped the pack open and dug out the tiny compartment. It was padded on the inside and contained a single coin. Chinese, by the look of it, ancient and in perfect condition. He opened another pack. A microchip. The next four contained two more microchips, another coin (Roman, this time), and a selection of small but perfectly cut gemstones.
Sherlock drops the frightened traveler act for a calm-but-dangerous streetwise professional and switches to flawless French. “Very well. I’m looking for someone who works – or worked – for them. Used to be based out of Liège but word is they moved up here.”
But why hadn’t Sherlock just given it to Europol and let them do the work, John wondered. He could have sent it anonymously, if he was worried about being exposed as still alive or that he wouldn’t be believed. It was true there was nothing there to blatantly clear Sherlock’s name – though obviously Moriarty’s, his name was frustratingly absent from the actual data. Sherlock must have meant to confront Moran with the information and use it to bargain for proof of his own innocence. Although given how things had turned out, a plan involving Moran’s death seemed more likely.
Gradually, Sherlock does seem to become more comfortable with what they are doing, what they are. He is less vicious, less controlling, more able to let John be an equal partner in their lovemaking, to even take charge, dominate him occasionally. He feels safe with John, grateful that John never pressures him, never seems to judge, never demands what he cannot give. John accepts everything Sherlock throws at him, in bed and out of it.
John accepts that. “God, you’re an inconsiderate prig,” he says, reaching up to smooth back Sherlock’s unruly forelock. “A massive git.”
While not exactly prepared for the tranquiliser dart that hit him in the back of the neck, he could not honestly claim to be surprised by it either.
Sherlock shows John the photographs from the night before. “Any idea what made those?” The victim is a woman, middle aged, with nothing peculiar about her. “She was found in a warehouse in Barbican, hanging upside down by her feet, but she was clearly strangled with some force.”
“Damn!” Sherlock snaps. “Are you sure you didn’t use potassium bromide instead? Because that could—”
"John, you asked me not to be dead..." He knows as soon as the words leave his mouth that they are a mistake. Rage lights behinds John's eyes and Sherlock thinks for a moment, hopes, that he might hit him. But he doesn't.
MERCURY CAUSES SENSORY DISABILITIES. BUT NOT IN THESE AMOUNTS. YOU’D HAVE MORE IN YOUR SYSTEM AFTER BINGING ON SUSHI.
After that first day, John never said anything. He didn’t stay long, typically, just stood there in silence before the ebony headstone for a few minutes, like he was waiting for something to happen. Thankfully, the grave was in an out-of-the way spot in the cemetery, so he didn’t have to contend with other grief-stricken people visiting their loved ones. They would have made him self-conscious.
With difficulty, John forced himself to think, to tear his mouth away from Sherlock’s and form the word, “No.”
“I don’t want to. I don’t want to tame you or cage you. I want you wild and free and impossible like you are. But just because I accept, hell, love the danger doesn’t mean I’m okay with things bordering on self-abuse and suicide for no real reason. I just want us to stick to necessary danger. It’s not like we’ve a shortage of it.”
"I won't miss," and there's a glint in John's eye and a brief stabilizing of his right hand that says no, he won't miss. "And I won't let them get you."
“She may adore you, but that won’t stop her murdering you if you try that again. It’s two in the morning! Angelo’s is closed.”
“Right. Right.” John is practically shaking with rage. “No big deal. And I suppose you think that when we—”
John is shocked by the recollection of his own recklessness last night, but realises he would do the exact same thing over again, a thousand times if he had to. The thought gives him an odd kind of perspective, and for the first time in weeks he feels very calm. He washes his arms and face and applies anti-bacterial ointment to the long cut.
But he still held on to hope that he could think his way out of this. At least they were taking him out of his cell now, each trip a chance for escape or at least to learn something that might help him. And as time wore on and his tactics failed on Sherlock, Moran would become more and more angry and frustrated. He would be less careful, he would make a mistake. Hopefully that mistake would be something Sherlock could use, rather one that involved accidentally killing Sherlock before he got what he wanted.
“Lay off,” John snaps. “I’m just saying, she’s dangerous and she knows me. I’d like to have some idea of when to expect her to try to kill me.”
“Yes. But I suspect not for some time, and there’s no way of predicting his next move until he makes it. Best not to think of it.”
For the first few days, John had just assumed he was in one of his moods and largely ignored him. He had tidied up, updated the blog, gone to the cinema with Sarah, and fielded requests for them to work on new cases. Sherlock turned every one down with an enraged “No!” as if he were shocked John would even suggest they attempt to solve a crime. After the third day, and a refusal to even be tempted by a case in which the victim had been somehow exsanguinated in a locked basement room, with no trace of blood or murder weapon, John truly began to worry.
? You bloody heartless son of a bitch! Affected? What the fuck did you think was going to happen? That I would just get on with my life and forget you? That I’d watch you end up a bloody wreck on the pavement and just be…
Sherlock frowns. He’d hoped it would be that simple. Then again, if it had just been the drug in its raw form effecting him, the effects should have been diminishing over time, not like this strange, belated blindness.
Things are pretty quiet for the next few weeks, mostly small cases, nothing potentially fatal. Life at 221B goes back to something that could be called normal, given the right frame of reference. John uses the time to write up the Woman’s case, which he finds cathartic, as well several others he’d never had time to.  Sherlock has just enough to keep him from hitting insane levels of boredom.
His head is still hurting from two nights before and his body is sending him the signals that let him know he's pushing it too far and it's going to give out on him if not tended to. Reluctantly, he gives in and allows himself another day and night in bed to recover before making any decisions on what to try next.
Sherlock purses his lips. “All right. John will go to your place of work on Monday to see what he can find. As you seem to be in no immediate danger I think it’s best if you continue to act as normally as possible. This may take some time. And for God’s sake, start keeping track of who these mysterious people you’re seeing are and whether the same people are showing up multiple times. Pay attention instead of panicking, I mean honestly what on earth has been going through your brain for the past six—”
“That’s not what I’m asking.” John approaches Sherlock, carefully, unsure of what their boundaries are now.
John wanted to be reassuring, but knew in his heart that Sherlock was probably right. “Then all the more reason for you to keep your strength up and your wits keen,” he said, bracingly.
John looks at Sherlock appraisingly, with a medical eye. There has barely been time to breathe over the past couple of months, between the drawn out and exhausting tension that led them to the place of now sharing a bed; the string of dangerous, long, and stressful cases; and both of them experiencing several somewhat significant injuries. Not to mention the time spent with Victor, which has brought up some very confusing feelings for Sherlock that John knows he must be having a hard time with, though he’d never admit it.
“And what’s to stop me from alerting the people with instructions to make sure you stay dead that you very much haven’t?”
“No,” John shook his head. “It has to be now and it has to be you, only you. No one else can even know I’m looking into anything other than the cases you have assigned to me. No one.”
"So what will you do with me, Doctor?" Her voice is harsh and laboured. "My role in this ended the moment your friend hit the pavement. But there are others charged with ensuring that that situation, and his public humiliation, remains as permanent as it initially appeared. Moriarty was not a trusting man. He assumed Sherlock would have his own contingencies to preserve his life or at least his reputation. Turning me in to the authorities and exposing the truth could have... consequences for you, and Sherlock's other friends."
It’s very likely only the diplomatic intervention of John that prevents them from doing something nasty to him, but he hardly gives it a thought. That’s what John’s for, isn’t it? Either way, they eventually piss off, with a stern parting warning that Sherlock barely notices.
John is still asleep when he gets there. Thankfully. He could never explain where's he's been. John must never know.
“Letting me go is an option,” Sherlock points out. “I know nothing about your organisation and have no interest in it; my only interest is in running down someone you yourself wish dead.”
John grins, and spears a piece of meat with his fork. “Sex, Sherlock. The meal and the case are both top notch, you have me there, but if either one is better than sex you have definitely been doing it wrong.”
Sherlock brightens a little. “Yes. It’s when someone’s brain interprets the stimuli from one of the senses as something completely different, either replacing the real stimulus or overlaying it with an additional sensation.”
Sherlock fidgeted in his seat, drawing his legs more tightly to himself and running his hand through his hair, pulling at it. He finally met John’s gaze. “He beat us, John.”
“Take it as you like. And whether she wants to study medicine or chemistry or covert ops or...Tuvan throat singing, she should be all set,” Sherlock tells him.
“Countess? Well, might have done, you never know.” Sherlock gives him a look that says that he most certainly does know, and John ignores him. “And why do you suddenly look so pleased with yourself?”
Sherlock is out the door before John can even dial the Yard. It takes awhile to explain the solution, and by the time he loads his Sig and gets a taxi, he’s a good fifteen minutes behind Sherlock. He texts him furiously and at last receives an address – 12 Gardner Road – but nothing more.
John slips a hand into Sherlock’s and takes the lead. “Oh, come on, it’s not that awful,” he scolds. “You said you wanted to be healthier this year…”
“So she wouldn’t have noticed the smell of the cyanide because she was already expecting to smell almonds, and the bitterness would have been hidden by the bitterness of the coffee,” John concludes “So he
A few days pass in which the awkwardness begins to ebb. Sherlock starts to relax. On Monday, late afternoon, he gets a call from Lestrade, positively music to his ears after one of the dullest months he can remember.
Mycroft shakes his head. “No, nothing like what I am sure you are imagining. But it’s not good for him when you’re gone.”
"I have to know why he did it,” John continues. “And why he was willing to let his reputation die with him. This might be the only chance."
“Yes, they will have used it to get in tonight, to incriminate you. No need to worry, I made one of my own. Come along.”
John knows this wasn’t a suicide. He doesn’t know what has transpired on the roof, and won’t until weeks later, but he knows that the man he has shared a life, a flat, a bed with wasn’t a fraud and would never do this to himself, would never do this to John. He knows exactly who to blame.
Sherlock’s clear eyes are watching him intently, going from worried to relieved by the end of his speech. He half-laughs, but curtails it when he sees that John is deadly serious. “Is that all? John, I explained to you, it’s fine, you did the right thing. You’re the reason I’m here. You can let it go.” He looks at John expectantly, as if something so simple will fix it.
He rolls himself to the side, pulling Sherlock down to the mattress with him. “You’re my dark matter,” he tells Sherlock, stroking the curve of his hip. “You can’t always see it, but you make up ninety-six percent of my universe.”
Sherlock is surprised John was able to discern that much. “Yes. It shares a basic structure but there are sulphides not present in the original. And there’s mercury.”
The receptionist picked up the phone lazily and said something in German, too quickly for John to catch. Then he resumed ignoring John. John shifted awkwardly from foot to foot, assuming he was meant to wait. The lobby was designed to impress and not for comfort – there were no chairs or niches in which one could comfortably stand. And as it was drawing near lunch time, the place was nearly empty, leaving him standing alone in a huge room with a laconic twenty-year-old.
“No,” John shook his head. “Absolutely not. I don’t care what kind of sense it makes, I am not letting you traipse off into danger on your own while I sit at home, pretending to mourn you, wondering whether you’re alive or dead!”
I DON’T AGREE. BUT EVEN IF YOU’RE RIGHT THEN YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE TO LEARN TO DEAL WITH IT. DESTROYING THE FLAT, HURTING YOURSELF, IT’S NOT GOING TO HELP.
John's been reading for more than an hour, failing to take any of it in, when he hears the woman mutter to herself.
. And that’s all very sad and moving and says something deep about my own twisted psychology, I am sure, but I like to think that there is a significant difference between a capable adult who I am friends with now and a sparrow I found when I was still in short pants!”
John wants to punch the disdain off his face, but pulls himself together. “I am yours,” he tells Sherlock with far more calm than he feels. “But I’m a person, not your right hand. If you just need to get off, you can use that, not me.”
For once, she seems speechless, cocking her head at him as if trying to determine if he really means what he'd just said. He meets her gaze steadily.
boy. It’s that twerp from two doors down. I said he’d be trouble the day they moved in, didn’t I say it? And now she wants to go out with him. Alone, on a
It must be more than an hour before John finally arrives, his restrained, almost stiff-gaited footsteps a welcome sound and his voice even more so.
“That… wasn’t really my point,” Sherlock says. “But, yes, if you need to know. I should have thought it was obvious.”
Thankfully, on the fourth day, instead of what he had come to think of as his normal evening meal, he was brought a basin of water, soap, and a change of clothes. “Get washed and changed,” one guard said gruffly, as the other kept Sherlock carefully in his sights.
Before Sherlock quite knows what he is doing, he is leaning forward, pressing his lips to John’s with too much pressure, hard and unpractised, and made awkward by a complete lack of response from John. He breaks it off, still tasting salt and whiskey, and draws back, not sure where to look.
In frustration, he Googled “Hamlet”, hoping for some insight into the play. Result after result of literary commentary filled his browser. He sighed. He enjoyed reading well enough, but parsing a 400 year old text for clues about his friend’s activities was not his idea of an enjoyable evening. Especially when quick action was required. Then he saw it, in the top right of the screen, a little box that said “
It is a brief, minuscule lifting of the burden to have someone to share this with. John has been carrying not just his own grief at losing Sherlock, losing everything he'd built his life around, but also the grief of a city that does not yet know what it’s lost. All of London is mocking and denigrating Sherlock Holmes, and John carries that pain too, and the pain that will be when they discover they need him and find he’s gone, destroyed by the city he loved and the people he saved.
Impulsively, John looks up at him and plants a wet kiss on his lips. “That’s simple. And it feels good.”
The word rattles constantly in John’s head like a pebble in his shoe. It has to mean something. Even if it was just a passcode, it was chosen for a reason. He’d spent all night searching online and hadn’t gotten much further than Lestrade had.
Distantly, he recognises that he is being touched, but he barely feels it. His skin is numbed, his body a shell with no connection to his self any longer. His self is reeling off into the void. The only thing that registers is the floor beneath him, or is it a ceiling or a wall or perhaps just an untethered board tumbling through space with him.
careful with him, for a given value of careful. He’ll jump in front of a bullet for John, he tries to leave him behind when he thinks things are too dangerous, he pays ten times as much attention to John’s feelings as to anyone else’s – when he notices that John has them. The problem is, his interpretation of what an acceptable risk is and whether something emotionally or mentally scarring counts as dangerous is more than liberal.
John reads his mind, or at least his sudden tension, and announces, "I don't know about you but I think a shower is definitely called for." He scrambles to his feet. "Coming?"
"Bryant now has the highest level clearance. They don't know he's aware his security status has been altered so they won't be watching him. He'll have to keep an eye out and alert us when the shipment is arriving, then we shall have to move quickly. I thought as much, but now we have confirmation and a time frame. Excellent." He rubs his hands together in gleeful anticipation. "Best not make plans to leave town for awhile, we want to be ready to pounce!"
Sherlock struggles against him for another moment, trying to bring John back down to him, to wrap his long legs around him and pull them back together but John is too strong for him. Suddenly, Sherlock goes limp, face relaxing into submission.
When he looks back, John is staring at them in a way Sherlock’s never quite seen before and hasn't an inkling of how to interpret.
She nods, placated. “I mean, not that I don’t think it’s brilliant that you’ve sorted it all out, but there are some things I don’t need to actually see…”
The clerk nods sympathetically. “It’s hard to maintain a lifestyle change without support of your loved ones.”
“I already know one thing they took, do you John? Mr. Bryant, you will find you are missing several items of clothing, including a tweed jacket with leather patches at the elbows. Additionally, I suspect that you will also be missing a hairbrush, favourite mug, and several other small personal items. Beyond that, nothing should else should be gone. Except, of course, your employee identification card, which you will likely find either in your car or your office tomorrow morning when you go to work, to make it seem like you simply forgot it.”
Sherlock relented. “Yes, it was him. What it means for you is that you will not go home tonight. You will stay with a friend, but not too close of a friend and not family. Tomorrow you will go home and you will search every corner of your flat and all of your possessions and discard anything that seems out of place. You will change your locks and give the key to no one, and change your mobile phone and number and all your internet passwords.” He considered telling her to move to a new flat, but Moriarty would find her in any case if he wanted to – he could find anyone. The best Sherlock could do was make sure he didn’t have completely free access to her home, person, or data. He made a mental note to search her flat for bugs himself when he was done with this business – she would never find them all.
John nods but says nothing. He hasn't been able to bring himself to go there yet, although he knows he must do it eventually. Soon. Not today.
Mrs. Hudson is, mercifully, out. Probably looking for him. He creeps into the too-still flat that smells faintly of chemicals and tea and the tobacco that Sherlock never quite banished from his life. Trying not to think any more, he collapses on the sofa fully dressed and falls into a restless sleep.
Sherlock agrees and once everything is settled with the Yard, willingly lies down with John. He drifts off much faster than he thought he could, untroubled by the bright light that must be filtering through the curtains.
"When have either of us had to ask? We belong to each other. Don't be stupid. Besides, we have the word, remember? You insisted we have it. I could have said it, but I didn't. I could have tried to stop you, really tried, but I didn't. It– you– were what I needed, even if I didn't know it right away. It's fine, John. It's good."
John really has no idea how he goes from being hustled out the door, laptop in hand, to a crime scene to sitting in Buckingham Palace next to his naked, sheet-draped best friend, being hired for a new case by, apparently, the Queen. Who reads his blog. On the whole it’s turning out to be a very enjoyable day.
"I was alone for many years. And then for a brief time I wasn't. And then I made some choices I thought were good ones and I lost that, for years, and I thought I would never have it again. Don't waste a chance at something good, something you really want if there's any possibility you will regret it because time is so short and some chances never come again--"
“All right,” John said. “Here, sit up. This will take awhile. Take these.” He proffered Sherlock a handful of oxycontin.
“Salty from sweat, plus your unique combination of pheromones, a slight soap residue… touch of garlic from our supper. And…citrus. Why do you taste like citrus? Ah, you had an orange with breakfast.”
Molly approaches him carefully and the look of pity on her face is sickening. “No, John…I didn’t… He’s not… There was nothing to be done…”
Sherlock grumbles about this rule, but John is firm. He is willing to do virtually anything Sherlock wants, but a man has limits. Plus, even Sherlock Holmes needs manners. “If you are going to think of something so urgent you can’t possibly take five more minutes to wrap things up, then don’t start!” John tells him after the third time it happens.
John gives a wry smile and together they sit up, settling on the sofa with sides pressed into each other. John feels strangely happy, content, glowing warm light at Sherlock. the light of a candle when the power has gone out. Despite the pall over him, some of it infects Sherlock, and he smiles and lets his hand drift to John's thigh.
Her calm certainty does make the tightness in John’s throat ease, just a bit, and he murmurs a thank you and kisses her on the cheek before continuing on, just as quickly but slightly less frantic than before.
John responded without a conscious thought in his head, weaving his fingers into Sherlock’s curls and pulling him closer and closer until finally they both did fall out of their chairs and ended up in a heap on the kitchen floor, still kissing madly, legs tangled. John could feel the need pouring off of Sherlock, making him fierce and hungry and strong. He pressed his hips into John’s and began simultaneously tugging at John’s jumper and fumbling for his belt, all the while attempting to suck every last molecule of air out of John’s lungs.
Sherlock nods and drifts off quickly. John repositions himself so that he has an ear to Sherlock’s heart, listening to the blood pumping and rushing through the valves, still not as fast or strong as it should be but no longer worryingly depressed. John knows he won’t be able to stay awake much longer himself, and isn’t so much concerned about his own safety, as the amount he took was minimal and already passing through his system, but is afraid to leave Sherlock unmonitored. He tries desperately to keep his eyes open but his body, already overstressed from the case, refuses to obey him and in only a few minutes he is also asleep, still draped over his friend.
Sherlock’s hands grip the back of the chair for stability and he begins to lean forward again, thinking only of the taste of John in his mouth, of the softness of lips and the roughness of stubble against his face, but John stops him with a hand on his chest.
Sherlock enters, walks straight over to John with no hesitation, leans down and kisses him, almost harshly, without preamble. John doesn’t respond, partially out of shock and partially because there is no chance to do so. Sherlock is so firmly in charge, so aggressive that there is no room for anything but submission or forceful rejection on John’s part.
Sherlock is left in the hall, humiliated and furious at himself. He hasn’t given in to his desires on such a scale since uni, and with his flatmate of all people. He almost would have preferred John to push him away, tell him off, hit him even. The non-reaction was worse, somehow. He dreads what might come in the morning. Would John move out? Perhaps he wouldn’t even remember it, Sherlock hopes, but knows that’s unlikely.
Victor raises an elegant eyebrow but doesn't say anything as he leads John to his study, lit with a cheery fire.
John frowns, unconvinced. "I shouldn't have asked this of you. It was wrong of me. Maybe it's best if we just--"
Sherlock finds himself on the other side of the door, too distracted by what Mary had just said to pay attention to how he got back into the hall. He feels dazed.
"It means we're going to have to get a look at your brain. I'm afraid it has to be something effecting the visual cortex. You need an fMRI so we can see what going on up there."
“Sherlock…” he begins. The detective pauses at the threshold and turns, looking at him with pale, emotionless eyes.
“I’ll take those,” John said, keeping the barrel of his gun nestled in the back of Moran’s skull as he relieved him of his weapons. “And that,” he added, taking Sherlock’s mobile out of his hand.
Sherlock has never seen John like this before - weakened, lost, unmanned. He has the urge to scoop John up like a child and carry him back to the flat, put him in his own bed and smooth the hair off his forehead as Mummy used to do when he was small. But instead he says obediently, "Yes, John," and hails a taxi. John allows himself to be led out of the car and up the stairs. He sags into his old chair, untouched for years now even though Sherlock has been in and out of the place throughout that time. John’s jacket and shoes are still on and he makes no move to remove them.
John looks like a wild thing, a drug addict that's just overdosed, a mental patient,  still jumping at imaginary noises, starting at shadows that aren't there, expecting the invasion that isn't coming. He's approaching Sherlock like a mad scientist, unstable and desperate but determined.
After a few hundred metres he spots a small footbridge almost invisible for lack of illumination in the area. He takes shelter under it, pulling his legs to his chest and vanishing into the darkness. He waits and hears distant shouting but no footsteps coming closer.
“No,” John is firm. “I need to do this alone. Please, if you want to help me the best thing you can do is stay here and make sure anyone who cares to know thinks I am as well.”
Moran looked confused and angry. “Why is that funny, Mr. Holmes? I’m quite serious about my intentions for Dr. Watson, I hope you believe that.”
Sherlock appears in John’s doorway looking as if the future of the British empire hangs on the answer to his question. “John, where the hell are all the drinking glasses?”
“I…should go. I shouldn’t have left him this long, really.” She walked him to the door, and they stood uncomfortably in the passageway.
it to be formal and legal and all of those boring things so no one in the world can say we don’t belong to each other, that our family doesn’t count. I just… maybe need a little time. And therapy.” He smiles wryly, a smoldering Yule log.
Three of them are in the back of the lorry, securing the pallets, and one is standing just inside the warehouse. John comes at him quickly, landing a punch before the man can quite process what’s happening. He fights back, John successfully ducking several punches before one catches him on the jaw and he stumbles back.
John pauses. He’d been so pessimistic of this leading to anything and unsure what it would be if it did, that he hadn’t thought further than this. But after a moment’s pause he knows with certainty what he’s got to do.
Sherlock looks beyond pleased with himself as he circles Bryant’s trembling form. “Are you aware that your security clearance within your company has been vastly upgraded in the past several months? No? I’m not surprised. You did mention having records of signing orders and other actions you have no memory of. It’s all true. I hacked into your company’s computer system this evening – which, you may wish to pass on, is not as secure as all that despite looking very fancy indeed – and found out that not only have you been given access to every level and area of the company, even those which the existence of you may be unaware, but that you have been very busy during hours when you weren’t in the office.”
John closes his eyes, furious at both Holmes brothers for putting him in this position, and even more furious at Mycroft for being right. “All right. But I’m not doing it for you.”
“Please Sherlock,” John says again and Sherlock is ashamed to have made his friend beg for something he shouldn’t even have had to ask for. “I don’t think I know what’s real any more. I need to know that you’re  here, that this isn’t a cruel dream, that you…”
John’s stomach drops. “The music you’ve been playing…” he says weakly, feeling almost as if he’s been shot again.
Mycroft continues. “He insisted on doing things his own way, refused money or help, and without the structure of school or the support of family he was vulnerable. His manner put people off so he had a hard time getting private cases, and the police almost never believed him when he came with a solved case. He kept busy with experiments and writing papers and monographs about forensic techniques and related matters but it wasn’t enough for him. He started to rely more heavily on his chosen substances to maintain his sanity. And of course, he went too far.”
They went back upstairs to the room John had secured Moran in. He was awake, and struggled against his bonds when he saw them.
John shakes his head, violently. IT WASN'T OKAY. I'M GLAD IT CAME OUT RIGHT, THAT YOU'RE DOING BETTER AND NOT. NOT LIKE YOU WERE. BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN WHAT I DID WAS RIGHT. I DIDN'T ASK, I JUST TOOK.
“Alright, looks like there is something on him, at least,” Lestrade said, motioning John over to the computer. “Sebastian Moran, aged 48, born in Rwanda to a British diplomatic family, schooled at a military school in Edinburgh, went right into the army where he made a name for himself as a sniper in the Falklands War.”
John swallowed a lump in his throat. “Well,” he managed stiffly, “You may have the luxury to believe what you like, but as for me, I’m just stuck here with the reality of it.”
Of course, an arrangement. The Holmes men certainly wouldn’t go in for anything so unappetizingly normal as an actual relationship. Or a marriage. “That still doesn’t explain how he managed to get you here.”
He runs through it all again, trying not to think too hard. This time, just as he’s about to give up, something jumps out at him. Friesland Petrol. A defunct oil company, declared bankruptcy and was sold off a few years ago. But why has that stuck out in his mind all of a sudden?
Sherlock nods and walks carefully over to one of the remaining pallets, motioning John to follow. “What is it?”
He wakes when, some hours later, Sherlock slides into bed next to him, naked and silent as a shadow.
“Yes, that would be…nice.” He was surprised to hear himself say, hesitantly, “Would it be okay if you…if you planned to spend the night again? Not…well, you know…just to stay…”
"You're welcome," John says, but then tension comes back into his tone. "Now, Sherlock, please, I need to know--"
Sherlock is certain that's not true, or at least it hadn't been what Victor had been planning for this morning, but follows him down, glad for a occupation to focus on. It's still chilly and the bees are sluggish. They work in silence for a few minutes before Sherlock decides there's no point in delaying any longer.  Keeping his eyes on his task, he sketches out the story as briefly and dispassionately as he can manage.
He lasted a couple weeks, and then asked Mrs. Hudson if he could move back in. She seemed relieved at his return, and continued to charge him only the portion of rent he had been paying when he and Sherlock had lived there together. She seemed nearly as bereft as he. He knew she had had sons, once, and that they were gone now, along with her monster of a husband. He sensed that she had considered him and Sherlock, especially Sherlock, as replacements for her lost boys. Oh, she loved them both but she had had a special place in her heart for Sherlock – he could do no wrong in her eyes.
John puts the phone down without a word, calling to Mrs. Hudson for his coat. He grabs it from her, ignoring her questions, and bolts out the door. He doesn't notice that his leg has stopped hurting again.
"John. I love you. But ever since I've met you, you've always been sad. Even when you were laughing, even when we were on holiday, even when everything was fine. You were still sad. I could see it, just there."  She touches the outside corner of his left eye, lightly. "But you're not sad now. You haven't been since last night. You've been hurt and confused and a little homicidal. But not sad. So yes, I'm pulling for him because I prefer to never see you look that way again. Okay?"
Molly tries to stall his progress at the door. “John, please don’t, it’ll just make it worse,” she cries, blocking his way.
Sherlock tries to hide his thoughts, his near frenzy but he knows he must be betraying his reactions to John however hard he tries to keep them under control. John’s fingers feel worried and he’s talking about open cases now, trying to get Sherlock to work, to deduce, to be himself. But it’s not going to help this time, because he’s not himself any longer. How can he possibly be Sherlock Holmes like this? How could he ever be again?
“I would have thought you would have deleted all that information,” John says. “Polo’s not much use to a detective.”
John coughed. “So, what should we do about Moran? Slow torturing to death with many pointy objects?”
Sherlock give a tiny, distant smile when Moriarty pulls away, visibly surprised at the lack of response. He straightens and steps back from his foe.
John uses the time to recall some of the more pleasurable of many exceedingly pleasurable moments they have enjoyed over the past thirty-six hours.
"You were always with me, John. I could always see you in my mind, like a lighthouse, even if it was far away. I never stopped talking to you and listening to you. While I was away I learned what it meant to be truly lonely for the first time, but you were always there and it was the only thing that saved me."
