And then his hands touched the piano's keys. The first adagio brought shivers down John's spine. But what followed was a furious and passionate recital that seemed to increase in tempo up to a point where John felt they were all sitting on the edge of their seats and wondering if he'll make it to the end. He did.
As they walked the large and immaculately kept property there were several anecdotes from film shoots on horseback in mud, embarrassing American accents, early career social stumblings. All told with humour and wit. Lestrade laughed on two occasions. It was getting tedious by the minute.
On the rare sunny days he opened the windows of the house to air the rooms and turned up the radio to keep him company as he worked. The bees were happily active, too.
They'd settled into a very comfortable domesticity together quickly. Something Sherlock had not envisioned for himself, something that had surpassed any of his expectations for them.
"You'll have to say that again, I couldn't understand."
For a briefest moment he lost his composure and fearing he might expose himself, his own apprehension, Sherlock kept silent.
Finally, they stood just inside the door of the flat.
'#prokofiev makes me #horny'
The next days were awful. He worked from his flat, stuffy in the sweltering heat. His overheating and crashing computer making it only worse. Still, all the editing work got done a day early and he had managed two early mornings of writing - two new chapters, although one did need more fleshing out.
And as John was slowly typing, another ping, 'What idiot thinks descriptors such as "snuggledown" are of use in making one's selection?! - SH'
'Dr. Holmes, would you accept an invitation for coffee? - John'
So he finally checked again. The most gorgeous eyes stared back at him from Sherlock's profile photo. He scrolled down without taking in much.
'Yes, thank you again for the wonderful time.'
Antlers?
"Yes."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, got up, setting his half-drunk tea cup next to the glasses and stepped towards the desk. "John, I will pretend I did not hear that." He mumbled under his voice. "Digital fucking plastic toy pianos."
Sliding back into bed he unlocked the screen.
He lost track. Touch over his arms, shoulders, down his sides. His eyes had fallen closed.
No sign of struggle. Nothing missing. Except the man himself.
"All right." And he held his hand out while the most gorgeous smile shimmered in the semi-darkness.
John set his fork down and walked around the table to hold his hand.
Neither of them attempted to fabricate an excuse for why Sherlock was there. Instead, they sat next to the book pile and sipped tea. Sherlock spoke of an upcoming concert and anxiously touched at his wet hair.
He eyed the ethernet cable and decided on a pre-lunch run instead. The day was truly a beautiful one. And he'd put in four focused hours of work, which was good.
He felt old.
John nodded and spoke with a sure voice. He'd obviously thought this out. "No cuts or permanent marking, no filth, nothing medical or military, nothing in public or in front of others or filmed. I am open to discussing pain beyond mild and various... implements, but have no experience with that. And no sharing."
And he heard, muffled by distance, a snore.
"Yes. Please, please." The man needed him. And he was determined to honor him. One more deep breath.
The decadence of that deep voice made his cock twitch. He managed another small nod.
Sherlock reached down to pick one of the dandelions that had closed for the night, mumbling, "Nyctinastic response..."
He did do some of his best thinking wrapped in John’s warm arms. So he settled in taking a deep breath as John pulled the duvet further up over them and brought his hand into Sherlock’s curls as was his habit.
"I like the sound of your snoring at dawn?" He reached down to the floor and a cigarette appeared between his lips. He lit it while looking at John.
"All right." He started to get up. "I'll change, get us something to drink."
"Good. Very good. This gives us some time together. And I'd like us to get to know each other better." He set his glass down on a side table and leaned back in the armchair, crossing his legs.
Sherlock whined into his mouth.
"Hello." John croaked.
With a sigh he settled back into his chair with a journal, scribbling notes into the margin and humming in tune with the classical music radio program. Best focus on his task and wrap it up in time. John would be home in an hour or less and he'd already had everything baking for dinner. Friday and a whole two days of no work, no obligations and distractions outside the two of them. He ignored the hand on his chest, fingertips gently pressing the cotton fabric of his shirt as he read, as if it was not his own.
The deep and now clear voice startled him from his thoughts and he felt called out for his starring. John tried, "What? Sorry...?"
"Keep it. For the grandkids." He was now laughing hysterically, taking off and replacing his glasses and John rolled his eyes.
He should have been crawling out of his skin with boredom, throwing fits, shooting the wall, breaking glassware!
John looked up, blinked a few times and spoke barely audibly. "You have my permission Dr. Holmes."
John was straining to stay still, head low and resting on the back of the armchair, shaky breaths, but mostly silent.
It was a beautifully arranged plate of rice-stuffed vine leaves, several kinds of olives and cheeses, small stuffed pastries.
Slowly, leaving the door open and keeping eye contact he walked back into the kitchen. The buck came to the door and peered inside.
“Took the tube, there was a delay, of course.”
"Come on." John took his hand, pulled him up from the sofa and kissed him. Sherlock slid his hands around him and grabbed John's buttocks with a groan. The kiss was longer than either expected.
"Your jacket matches the couch."
“So, all his things are here, look.” And they were, wallet, keys and phone, lined up on a dustless desk.
The shoes were next. He knelt down with slight difficulty and flinched as he slid off wet leather and freezing, mostly wet, socks.
There was a small bandage across John's left cheek and a more serious immobilizing dressing around his left wrist, its ligaments badly pulled but luckily not torn. He looked tired and small as he slept in the high hospital bed, blanket pulled high over his chest. Sherlock sighed and refocused on the steady heartbeat.
Sherlock waved one elegant hand dismissively, "Transport. Boring." He quirked an eyebrow in clear provocation. "Now, about your military background..."
'Is that an attempt at humor? - SH'
He'd work the garden in the morning before midday, a few hours of weeding, planting, watering before it got too hot. The afternoons and long evenings were devoted to writing, frequently on the small desk he'd set up on the back porch.
John walked past him into the room. He stood by the bed, noticing how the bedspread was pulled down and a towel was left on the mattress. His mind supplied an image of himself prostrate on Dr. Holmes' bed and he shivered.
Unable to help himself after long days of waiting Sherlock pulled him up and kissed him passionately, hands on his waist and lower back, tongue eager, lips hungry. John.
"John... I'd like to apologize... in case it happens again."
"What, London's criminals have all given up? All the corrupt bankers and tax-avoiding villains and drug lords?"
'That's settled then.' - SH
A flicker of lights. A car? Oh, bloody hell. His adrenaline spiked. What idiot would be on these roads in this weather?
"Takeaway?" Sherlock looked appalled, "But London offers some of the finest dining in the world, John, Michelin star restaurants..."
He reached for his own erection and a strong hand grabbed his wrist.
John stared for a few devastating seconds, then, an exasperated exhale, took three steps around the kitchen table and brought Sherlock’s face to his shoulder in an enveloping, tight embrace.
"An experiment, then?"
He looked up to see Dr. Holmes slide off his blue scarf. To wrap tightly around John’s wrists.
John sighed. "But you'd risk your wellbeing, your life, without thought? On a blackmailing case your brother should not have involved you in?" He gave the two sandwiches a sad glance. "This has happened before."
“We’ll both have the hake. And bring a plate of your,” Sherlock enunciated the ridiculous name, “‘root veg nibbler’ to share as a starter.” To stave of any sommelier nonsense and further intrusions he also ordered a wine he was sure would pair well.
They stayed still for a moment, panting.
John pushed forward to kiss him, panting and biting. And shaking as Sherlock took his cock in hand again and started a relentless rhythm. John was caught between the two hands, brokenly gasping between kisses, jerking his hips, his face wet with tears. His orgasm was surprisingly sudden, rough, leaving him shivering on top of Sherlock.
"I've seen the dates on your website, a lot of concerts coming up in the autumn, looks exciting."
John sat at his feet, held his hand and stroked his thumb over his crossed ankles. He’d muted the television and gazed towards the windows. “Snow. Incredible how it not only temporarily erases the grit of the city, but also how all the noise dies down. As if the whole city becomes still…”
"Yeah, yeah, I'm cracking jokes all the time. Been meaning to include some stand up comedy in my recitals - some Chopin, some toilet humor, a kind of crossover." He followed John gesticulating energetically. "I'll get you a ticket. Bring your friends too, a sexy date even..." More anxious cackling as one hand waved about.
"Is it a case?"
John was calm and pliant in his hands, breathing steadily, probably unaware one hand loosely held the lapel of Sherlock's suit jacket.
Again, as he'd done for the past three nights, Sherlock stood at the door, one hand on the wooden frame. Listening. In terror. In shame.
"Hm. I had one, before."
"It was a pity to leave it John, it is a Corbusier. And you only have the one..." Sherlock abruptly stopped speaking.
He took the glove and flowering willow branch inside and carefully placed it on the table. The glove looked as if something, someone had chewed on it. It was still intact. He drank more tea and looked at the arrangement. Was the branch a sign of apology? For what? Borrowing a glove? He shook his head and laughed.
"I was hoping you'd show me your piano." He winked.
Dressed in a white tailored shirt and pressed wool trousers, a tangle of thinning salt and pepper curls held off the frowning brow by stainless steel rimmed reading glasses, svelte and slightly stooped with age.
He took the glass of water and brought it to John.
This, seeing this smile of Sherlock's. Shy, guarded, gorgeous.
The thought of those hands touching him everywhere... "Please, let me take you to bed."
"John..." Sherlock got up. And broke into a crooked smile. For a silent moment they started at each other and John felt like an animal caught in a car's headlights. Then Sherlock took off.
"Y-y-you..." He stuttered, one hand reaching.
He cleared his throat. “Fish sounds great, yeah.”
Sherlock took his glass in hand and leaned to smell the wine swirling it in his glass. They touched glasses and took a first sip. The wine was excellent, and watching John taste something he chose for him was somehow satisfying. He stepped closer and pressed a brief kiss into those lips.
The door swung open and Sherlock happily took in the wet-umbrella-shaking John.
They worked together, close, hands occasionally touching, hips grazing once or twice. And John was becoming aware of a happy warmth deep in his chest.
“Any recommendations?”
"Ok, yeah." He looked down, embarrassed. "Breakfast?"
"You look lovely." He spoke softly, afraid he'd frighten the buck.
John was twitching, moaning openly, pulling at the ribbons, his cock straining.
And he wasn’t accustomed to making plans of such a frivolous nature so far in advance.
They'd spent the evening quietly resting, moments of leisurely conversation, sips of excellent wine. And continuously aware of how aroused they both were.
He shrugged. "Doesn't work every time. And it took me a few books to get better at it."
He was now regularly going to bed earlier and waking up at dawn. Even when no nightmares disturbed him. He refused to think about the reasons for change in what were his established routines.
Sherlock spoke at length of a supposed suicide that was in fact a murder, the victim's stamp collection at the centre of it all. It was supposed to be quick two-day case that turned into a week-long investigation of cross-border art smuggling involving Interpol. John could barely follow the chain of deductions Sherlock revealed in quick order.
The next few afternoons there was always a short message asking if John had dinner plans. Never before six and never offering or insisting. John always said he was free, and Sherlock then arrived around eight with a takeaway, informing John of his half of the bill and serving the food onto plates.
He shook his head and laughed. This was either easy or impossible, and he really hoped it wasn't impossible.
It had been a while since he'd gone down to London on the train for the day...
"Would you allow me to indulge a little?"
John snored lightly and unable to restrain himself any longer Sherlock opened his mouth further and pressed his tongue forward. Just a small taste…
The hand stilled and he could feel a current of tension in John's body. "If you ever, purposely, put yourself in front of a gun-wielding man..."
John, breathing through his mouth, swaying slightly, leaned into the hand.
'Early morning start and a new chapter done. #timeforarun'
He placed a shaky hand on a sperm-smeared cheek.
But after a while Sherlock was getting bored with it all. Or at least that was the excuse he gave for his clear agitation and the fresh barrages of increasingly prodding messages.
The day was warmer than expected but at the end of it he was ready for a bath and an evening by the burning stove. He was filthy and decided to take off not just the boots and gloves, but also his sweaty mud-caked jumper, and leave the whole lot on the porch bench. Perhaps the mythical creature would do some laundry. He snickered.
And was met with the sight of John Watson, on his knees, head bowed and neck exposed, clearly trembling.
And the stream of Twitter updates spoke about how little Sherlock had slept after their late night exchange ended.
"It was my pleasure, truly. And speaking about pleasure..." A sharp pinch on his arse and John jolted. "I'd like to discuss our day."
If you've read this chapter when first published in October 2015 you may notice I've fixed some plot discrepancies in the meanwhile, no big rewrites.
Sherlock eyed the navy cardigan briefly, then pulled it on, unrolling the cuffs of the sleeves that were still slightly too short. "Cashmere, John?"
No answer.
Perhaps it was the patron that had spilled his sugary drink on John's shoes, he did wear the pair he considered his 'date shoes'. John was always so careful with his possessions, hated 'waste'. And he'd blanche at any offer for a replacement pair, although they did solve the case and the client's payment was being transferred in the morning.
But John sent him the address. There was no reply. He sighed.
"Yes, Mike here bought me a copy. He's a fan."
Sixty seven pages, and another cup of coffee later, plus some of the biscuits John had strategically placed on the kitchen table, Sherlock was in the middle of a surprisingly detailed description of a man performing cunilingus. John's bookmark was between pages eighty two and eighty three so he must have read it. Sherlock checked the break in the book's spine.
Sherlock moved his hands away and John turned to look at him. His cheeks were pink and he was breathy and very aroused. And so fucking gorgeous. John kissed him a bit too aggressively, biting at his lips and stroking his beautiful cock.
Perfect.
Sherlock snorted. "Passing by?" He gestured for John to follow him inside. "You clearly took the 7 o'clock down to King's Cross, had some of the horrific 'tea' they serve," he started on the stairs but turned for another quick glance at John closing the door behind them, then two at a time up the stairs dressing gown trailing, as John scrambled to follow, "...did not eat though... then the tube."
That one chapter in the paperback novel had been informative, but John hadn't finished the book. Had picked up a science fiction novel instead, a book - Sherlock had checked - with no erotic scenes at all.
"How do you take it Dr. Watson? Milk, sugar?"
Scruffy. Sherlock kept repeating the word to himself. A scruffy hotel, a scruffy conference, a scruffy welcome reception and a scruffy man sitting next to him on the scruffy black leather chesterfield.
"I'm John. Watson. Imperial College London. I... I look forward to your talk tomorrow, Dr. Holmes."
John could not remember how they made it out of the restaurant, except for a firm hand at the small of his back, another adjusting his jacket collar and sliding slowly around his throat.
And then he felt cool skin step onto his painfully hard cock.
And the sight of the man he faced...
Antlers, but above an almost human face. Pale skin with darker patches of auburn, a head of wild dark curls, twitchy deer ears and the unmistakable velvet-covered spring antlers.
Sherlock nodded.
He should have been crawling out of his skin with boredom. Instead, he was aware his body was pliant, face sunk into a warm lap, legs weighed by a worn blanket, one finger slowly tracing the golden skin just under that wool.
John closed his eyes and felt his face burn but did as he was told, taking one buttock in each hand as he tilted his hips back. He was rewarded with a couple of harder tugs on his cock.
Sherlock blinked through the tears.
He was an idiot. As if this man had ever touched a bowl of peanuts set out in a dingy bar.
He was dumbfounded and just stared for a moment longer while Sherlock started fidgeting and pulling his hand away. John reached out and brushed his cheek. "You have no idea... Sherlock..." And he pulled him closer and finally, finally kissed him again. And Sherlock moaned into the kiss and crumpled into John's hands. He tasted of sugar, tea and cigarettes. John could barely contain his eagerness as he sucked and licked his way into Sherlock's soft open lips.
Sherlock was enjoying this himself and had to take care not to indulge the growing need to just rut his body against John's prostrate one. With one hand he unbuttoned his trousers and grasped his own painful erection.
"Hey."
The car's lights flickered again, and the sound of an engine belt failing was heard again.
'Yes, preferably with some bees. Or the hive entrance. Either.' - SH
"Yeah, yeah, ok." Sherlock hugged him, his body slightly shaky and John held him for a long moment.
There was no news from the man and in the light of day John was embarrassed to call again. So he went about his day, chores and small routines.
“Perfect, just perfect for me.”
"Wilder?"
"I would very much like us to... see each other again."
His publisher was thrilled at exposure to the 40K+ of Sherlock's followers, retweets from numerous known and unknown people, a noticed uptick in online sales. His editor was asked to see that he reply, retweet, re... He refused.
"Yes. Please, please." It was a wonderful relief to know he did not have to wait long now.
A pause. "John, I take pleasure in meeting your needs. All your needs."
Finally, the order settled, he had John to himself. “Once or twice. They are well known to source locally. The hake is a good sustainable fish to eat, especially gillnetted, off Cornwall…” He was truly the most boring man in whole of England. He adjusted his shirt cuff.
"Good morning. Sleep well?" Sherlock leaned down and kissed him, the smile still there, smelling of cigarette smoke and toothpaste.
John giggled exhilarated. "Are we seriously going to have dinner first?"
"Sentiment. So I can pull it up three years from now." He winked. "#firstbreakfasttogether"
Listening. For a breath, a snore, a shifting of cotton sheets.
A hand slid up his arm, over wrist, elbow, biceps, shoulder. Then back down. The stroke slow, lazy. And he sunk into it eagerly. The repetition of the slide of a callused palm over his arm, shoulder, neck. Down his back. Then up, into his hair. Gentle but steady. And pulling close. To a solid chest, unwavering hold. A scratch. A caress.
Sherlock looked down at his shirt. "I don't suppose you own an iron..."
"The one who interviewed you. All blond hair, long legs, white teeth, fit and perfect and clearly willing, laughing and touching your knee." He cleared his throat. "I didn't think I'd see you again after that."
He brought glasses and a bottle of sparkling water on a silver tray from the kitchen, taking his time to pour as John nervously settled into one of the armchairs.
As the tip of Sherlock's fingers rimmed the exposed ring of muscle John started outright sobbing. And when Sherlock let go of John's cock to start pumping his own, the sobs turned into desperate pleas and full body jerks. Still, John kept himself in the same tiring position, on his knees, spread out with his hands behind his back.
Well, after the long stakeout behind the dumpsters in the bitter downpour. He'd miscalculated that part. Thinking, undoubtedly due to his inexperience in such matters, that the tension of the stakeout, the hint of danger, the need for low voices and sitting close, would be a good moment... yes, a bit wide of the mark, considering the rain, the cold, the difficult to ignore smell of rotting rubbish.
A sharp-witted blackmailer and a stolen political document. Exhilarating! He just needed to surprise the man and pose as his covert contact, certain he'd disclose himself. The CCTV would record the relevant information.
Of course, getting a taxi Friday evening, in the pouring rain, turned out to be impossible.
“Idiot.” He huffed.
Just there. To be touched, held down, filled. He sighed and fell deeper.
His post was on his desk and he pushed it aside to set his tea cup down and switch the computer on. One envelope stood out. Thick expensive stationary, handwritten address, in fountain pen. Strange.
They lay in silence embracing each other, sweaty, filthy, happy. John lay his face against Sherlock's chest as he whispered, exhausted and breathy. "John, I plan to make up for the three years we missed. Sleep now."
John laughed. As long as...
It was a recurring fantasy he indulged in again and again. Unbuttoning his shirt and letting it fall off his shoulders as John watched. Walking out of the shower naked on a weekend morning. Stripping off his pyjamas as John kissed his lips, neck, chest.
He sat, or rather, fell into his chair. Heart about to jump out of his ribcage.
They continued like this, small bites of food, licks of tongue, sips of wine, kisses. It felt incredibly intimate, erotic.
"Yes?"
"Bill?! But..." He took a deep breath. "Bill is married, two kids, lives in New York. He's an old friend from university, in town for a day."
"You said I could visit again." His voice was tight.
"In that case, I propose we discuss things properly. You say you are inexperienced? And yet you spoke about permission and chose to approach me by kneeling in front of me?"
He stood at the threshold of his bedroom and looked at the pristine bed, Frette linens in gray, eiderdown pillows he'd chosen with care.
John blinked and cleared his throat. "What I meant to say... It has been a long week." He sighed and lowered his chin and eyes. "I'd hoped we might..."
He enjoyed the seemingly tedious work of raking the garden beds, found it meditative. He'd hum a tune and zone out.
Filled, held, hurt, used.
"There are things we need to discuss and agree on. I myself have not done this in a while and my priority is for you to feel safe and comfortable. And I'd like us to take time. It does not have to happen today."
He pulled out a chair for John, and just about managed to seat the man without pressing his fingers into the damp fabric of his shirt, the back of his ruffled hair.
Things did change. But not in the way he had feared.
Sherlock laughed merrily. This was all quite unexpected for a Wednesday morning. And exceptional.
Then, as months passed, Sherlock's interpretations became a constant companion as he wrote. The last two books, one reviewer had remarked on his 'leap into a complex darkness', were shaped as much by his hands on the computer keyboard as Sherlock's on the piano keys. He did away with easy dialogue of his first books and introduced difficult characterization, disquieting situations and plot lines. There was lots of Beethoven and not a happy ending in sight.
"I'd like to position you now."
“Surely as a medical professional you’re aware the miasmatic theory has no merit…” Sherlock was now widely gesticulating in the general direction of the murder weapon. Well, the hypothesised general direction of the murder weapon, there was a 76% chance.
John took the opportunity for a quick run to the unheated bathroom, then brushed his teeth over the kitchen sink and banked the fire for the night. Lights off, he picked up the blanket and, dressed as he was, found a comfortable position in the armchair.
Now fully erect, aware how lewdly he was displayed, he allowed himself a tiny moan. And felt the mattress shift behind him.
"So good for me. Wonderful."
"And you?"
“You’d think people would shy away from a product called ‘Decay’, wouldn’t you, hm.” John was slowly applying a creme to his tender skin as Sherlock finished explaining the case sipping lukewarm tea at the kitchen table. It should have hurt much much more. But John took care. His fingertips barely skimmed the surface of the skin in soft curved motion.
Finally Sherlock leaned into the embrace and with small shivers enveloped his arms around John's waist.
John squirmed, actually squirmed in his seat and looked around the other tables.
"Well, I'm past sixty and prefer not to twiddle with the touchscreen, Sherlock." He smiled. "Glad to hear you are taking care of yourself. Antibiotics?"
“Yeah, it’s fantastic, actually.”
"Oh, a private detective?"
His eyes widened. "Y... yes."
He returned to find his pillow on the edge of the quilt, the no longer wet scarf draped over it as well as some of the flowers. With sudden realisation he blushed red.
He was far too close already. Looking down at John's slightly contorted body, mouth open, saliva down his chin, arms loosely hanging with fingers spread on the carpet, legs folded sideways and that eager erection. Sherlock lifted one leg slightly and stepped the arch of his bare foot on that gorgeous fat cock.
Once had been incidental. Forgettable. Not that he would ever forget. Twice would be a commencement of a pattern. A blatant neediness. Twice would necessitate an explanation in the morning. The dreaded talk he'd managed to avoid so far. He picked up the bow to test out another pensive slow movement he hadn't played in years.
"Fuck." John rubbed his hand over his eyes. "That's all, Sherlock. Just a friend, just a drink. I did not spend the night with him." And he was lost for words.
"Are you sure?"
"John, good, you're awake."
“But?” John, refreshed after a boozy midday kip and shower, poured hot water from the kettle into two cups.
Sherlock listened. John Watson was competent, and unlike last night, relaxed, even gregarious. Of course, as was always the case, the research was not as revolutionary as what Sherlock was working on, but the level of innovation was a pleasant surprise. He was also extremely eloquent, making all the right jokes and easily prompting his collaborators to take part in the conversation.
“Of course I was. They all watched you manhandle me out the door and, as they accurately assumed, straight to your bed.”
Loudly and violently John broke into a powerful orgasm. And Sherlock was unable to suppress his own.
He never tired of observing John. His behaviour, gestures, smirks and smiles, yes. But also the small physical details particular to his compact muscular body. His gaze now traced the curve of his buttocks, the slightly coarse and darker hairs on the back of his thigh, the back of his knee, two small scars just below. He fought an urge to wrap his fingers around the thin ankle. There’d be a chance for that later in the day, John did not mind his wrists and ankles held down firmly in certain situations, not at all. For a few arousing moments such a scenario ran away in his mind and he had to shift focus back to the sleeping man.
He draped his dressing gown on the headboard of the bed and climbed under the duvet as John switched off the bedside lamp.
"No, not today."
Sure hands and practiced motions. Sherlock, still warm from the shower, closed his eyes and enjoyed the touch of his doctor. It was 'bedtime' soon. A word he'd recently had to redefine. He smiled.
He found the wedding ring on the kitchen counter. It had been regularly cleaned. The actor had not even noticed it yet.
John was checking on the fire in the fireplace and watching Sherlock at the kitchen table, devouring his second honey and sultana scone. Where the thin man found room for it after a large bowl of of smoked haddock, potatoes and onions they had for dinner was a mystery.
Sherlock set the cup down. "That programme... It was three fucking years ago." He rubbed his eyes in a fatigued gesture then looked back at the laptop, his voice small. "I've been here, in this room, with you, for three fucking years?"
"Retiring." He looked straight at John, "It felt right."
He blinked his eyes a few times and then stared back like an idiot. To have the attention of those sharp cerulean eyes on him. Tracing down his neck, chest, crotch. Fuck.
"Come with me to the bedroom."
"Anything we should avoid?"
"So good for me, truly perfect."
"At once... if convenient."
The shower switched on.
As he settled into bed for the night, phone at his side, he couldn't resist one more glance at the screen. He was worried. And as if on cue, it pinged.
“Sherlock, love, are we engaged?”
The towing service was expected tomorrow, noon at the latest. Sherlock was leaving in the morning. John suddenly felt restless.
As he turned to look back John faced a prominent erection protruding from the now thicker fur covering the buck's lower belly and thighs.
"Sexy men and tight shorts, Sherlock." He was snickering and running one hand up Sherlock's leg.
"Suck."
"Yes, John." He chewed at a piece of bread.
"Once had grilled mackerel with gooseberry relish after solving a case in Dartmoor." He twirled the dandelion flower and scowled at it. "A missing race horse, an animal so valuable the local police were sure it was a case of simple theft. Had it not been for the curious incident of the dog in the night-time..."
'Yours.'
And then disaster.
"If you want something to stop. You will use the word 'stop' and I'll cease immediately.  Is that clear?"
He pulled John up, off the chair and up the stairs. The man could be as observant as a rusty marrow scoop!
He'd only managed a blurry photo, green with some white spots. You couldn't really distinguish the bees. Sherlock didn't mind. In fact he commented on the differently stacked wood in the background.
"Bad track record."
And John slowly took the hand holding the cigarette and brought its long fingers to touch his own lips as he pulled a puff of smoke in deep, feeling the damp skin touch his, hearing Sherlock's broken inhale that matched his own. It was intimate, erotic even.
Sherlock sat down, picked up his tea and took a long sip. "John, how long have you known me? I mean, how long since you first heard of me, heard me play?"
John smelled incredible. Cheap hotel shower gel, a train station bacon butty, frost and… and John. The stiffness decreased to a point and he pushed his hands into John’s damp jumper.
Eyes closed, he focused his attention on the steady, repetitive sound of the heart monitor. It matched the slow pulse under his trembling fingertips. The rest of the world fell far into the background.
As he reached to take off his jacket in the sitting room the man approached him and touched his wrist. He stood close, so close. John was about to lean into him. And then he ran the tips of his fingers very briefly over the edges of the jacket, over John's exposed neck and wrists, taking the garment off with care and determination.
Right. He could do this. He straightened his hair once more and shifted on his feet. Should have taken the cab, he was now sweaty in his jacket. Should have gone home for another shower.
"Yes, John." He cracked a small smile, his demeanor shifting towards a show of bold desire. "So, you were... taking me to bed?"
He leaned on the table a bit, unsteady on his legs, and watched the man who understood him completely, who was undeterred by his blundering, who now, poised and unconcerned it seemed, took off his suit jacket and rolled up his shirtsleeves to expose two pale arms.
He opened the door and was met with one very wet, very sad looking creature. Antlers tangled with sweet briar and John's blue scarf and an armful of wild flowers, branches and mosses. And all of it drenched to the bone. The buck made small sniffing noises, its head low as water dripped from the scarf down its face.
John had smiled, knelt down, pulled his pyjama bottoms down and off. Licked his lips, grinning. It was all over in under a minute.
And he laughed. "Fine, I'm fine. You?"
The world around them, the noise, the distraction, finally disappeared and Sherlock found calm. The now softer snores continued and Sherlock smiled and exhaled.
John, jacket and shoes already off, crossed his arms. Sherlock braced himself for the inevitable stern voice and details of the apparent transgression. But John just let out a small huff and marched off towards the bath.
He sighed with relief and allowed his breathing to slow to John's rhythm, allowed the tips of one hand to trace the edge of the man's shirt.
Well, he was just an unexpected guest in a snowstorm.
Amused, John watched and listened, as his guest spoke at length and with surprising understanding of beekeeping.
A thermometer shoved mid-word into his mouth, not too gently, and he finally opened his eyes and looked at John’s worried expression.
“I am quite certain of my choice tonight.” There was no question of intention any more.
His heart pounding, John rubbed his face into the buck's lightly furred shoulder and took in deep breaths of his fragrance. It had been too long. Small nips at his cheek, over his lips, licks and kisses. He trembled and felt his eyes tear up.
During his university days he discovered a proclivity he rarely had a chance to satisfy. Well, no sense in being melancholy. He should look up some colleagues and then back to the lab on Monday.
It was strikingly similar to his childhood memory of the varicella rash. A persistent itch that traveled over his skin never settling in one place, never to be scratched to his content.
"No, not after all this time, no." John smiled. "Same recipe, same hands... Well, a different set now, actually. Go on, mix it up." He gestured with his fingers over the bowl.
"Yes, understood."
The doctor shook his head and giggled. “And so are you. Because you're an idiot. My idiot.”
"Your website? I thought you had abandoned it?"
“Very.”
“Idiot.” He huffed.
John lost himself. His cock was abandoned mid-thrust.
Sherlock hooked his thumb behind the lower jaw and pulled John towards him sharply making him lose balance on his stiff legs and fall sideways onto his lap. With a small yelp but absolutely no resistance John fell.
Dr. Holmes brought glasses and a bottle of sparkling water on a silver tray from the kitchen, taking his time to pour as John nervously settled into one of the armchairs.
'#fuckfuckfuckinsomnia'
"For now with my hand. I'd very much like to spank you John."
John set both palms down on the table beside the bag and attempted a smile.
Dr. Holmes sat down across from him. “An adequate wine list, yes.” Still smiling.
Soon Sherlock was deep into retelling the chain of deductions from one of his more complex cases, one that took him from London to Mallorca and Istanbul, all rotten businessmen counting their profits as innocent bystanders took fall after fall. Until the brilliant consulting detective tore the web apart and all but one of the men were caught. And that last one did find himself in trouble with HM Revenue & Customs two years later, his solicitor somehow compromised. They giggled together as Sherlock alluded to document copies getting onto wrong desks and emails being read by just the right people.
Dr. Holmes helped him up and took him by the hand to the kitchen.
The food and wine were served. The waiter glancing at John with some puzzlement. Yeah, yeah, I get to kneel at those polished leather oxfords pretty boy, go away.
Gentle hands unbuttoned his cuffs, thumbs grazing the revealed skin for a moment before a fist closed around one wrist in a strong hold as the other arm reached up to undo the shirt buttons, one by one.
Grey eyes watched him with some trepidation. One ear twitched.
Idiot. How did this man make it to fifty?!
Standing up and pulling him by both hands John laughed. “Yeah, as much as a video of that would have the Met in my pocket, you’re having wine instead, I think.”
"Yes." Please...
They looked at each other for a moment. One man in a gesture of total acceptance, the other quivering as his nose ran.
He was breathing rapidly and grinning like an idiot.
"You've agreed to stay here until Sunday." It was not a question.
“What did you do you, you… you idiot?! How? In January, during the Arctic blast?! A bloody sunburn?!”
“Yes.”
“How often does the cleaning service come?”
"Thank you for seeing me on such short notice."
John shifted a bit as he woke and stretched to look up at him. Just lovely. Scruffy hair and skin creased from where he'd laid on top of a button. And an open smile.
Yes, right. Should have had, but didn't, did he. Idiot.
Sherlock stayed the night. And promptly left in the morning for a meeting.
He sat at the table and ate slowly. After watching for a while the buck bolted and disappeared.
"I wouldn't mind some tea. And if you happen to have any of the ginger biscuits you keep in the tin box..."
John's voice was steady. "Thank you for seeing me on such short notice."
"Boring."
"Should I run you under a hot shower just in case?" They were both smiling.
He let his hand slide to touch one cheek, placed his fingers under John's chin and lifted it. Eyes closed, small breaths, lips slightly open. Perfect.
In a matter of weeks the two men had established a routine of their own. Sherlock would send several text messages on disparate subjects at random times throughout the day.
Breakfast was mostly solemn, Sherlock nibbled on a slice of toast and thanked John once more.
"Family funds?"
They spent the next couple of hours waiting for the snowplow and the boots to arrive, but conversation was easy and time passed quickly. Sherlock was curious to know all about his life, the house, the bees, the precipitation in the area and, surprisingly, the local church choir - something to do with correlation between choral repertoire and crime rates - but John did not attend services and did not have the pertinent information.
“I take you for granted. It was brought to my attention. And I’m sorry.”
He'd interrogate him tomorrow. A direct approach was his last resort.
Its imposing rack of mature antlers, bone white, was twined with grapevines that were bright red and green. Its crown of curls seemed fuller and wilder than before, and downy auburn hair covered its chin.
An image of a score heavily marked up in pencil.
The days were getting shorter and the first frosts came with a twinge of melancholy.
So, naturally, next morning John read...
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "There is a spare room upstairs, full of my old junk now. You can have it and do such atrocities there."
He looked around but there were no signs of the creature. What would he even do if it showed up? Run back in? Would he have time? It was tall and, although the antlers were still young and covered in soft velvet, it looked wild and strong. No, there was still some of the soldier in him, he wouldn't run.
He whimpered. Audibly. He could lie about it being a case.
The man was impossible!
He knew it was an irrational fear. And he couldn't shake it off. It was time to deal with this.
“Good morning John.”
"I would bet there was a pair of reading glasses there, watching you squint at the postcard in the kitchen earlier."
John stood at the table shaking off a wet overcoat, ignoring a waiter that hovered a step behind him waiting for the garment. Sherlock promptly stood up and waved the man and the garment away.
"Toast with butter?" John was already cutting the bread. "I'm afraid the bathroom is not heated but I have an extra toothbrush here, you can wash up in the sink. I do when it's this cold." He shrugged.
He turned around to find Sherlock standing halfway between the suitcase and the table, arms laden with more packages of different shapes and sizes.
John simply closed his eyes and lowered his head. He spoke slowly but steadily.
The resulting set back meant at least four to six weeks delay in their schedule and nothing could be done to remedy the situation. He truly knew nothing could be done because he'd spent eleven hours straight looking into every option possible as his colleagues stayed clear of him.
“Now, my foolish but brilliant boy, I think there was enough excitement for the day. Perhaps some light reading in bed?”
"Read it and tell me if it's any good." His voice was almost steady. "Would you like a signed copy?"
Pinched nipple, scratched skin, pulled chest hair. John was openly moaning, his thick red cock twitching against his stomach.
“John…?”
John only held him tighter. “Don’t care, don’t care whatever it is, burnt bed, spleen dripping into the butter dish, don’t fucking care.” He practically climbed on top of Sherlock never loosening the arms that held him. “I’ve been away five days dealing with the most irritating and stubborn sister a man could have and you’ve been waiting and I didn’t even phone this morning but I was rushing to catch the train, the direct…”
And yet it took him all this time to interpret the attraction for what it was.
"Anything." Hopeful, what else was there.
As far as John could tell the madman had benefited from regular meals and visits from a physician at the hotel that catered to his every whim. There was the initial fascination with the duvets, fresh scones delivered to the room any time of day or night, the exceptional laundering service and the 24 hour television programme.
"Should we work on your patience today?"
“You seem to be a regular here.”
Soon they were settled on the sofa with the wine and food on the table in front of them.
Sitting on the edge of the bed he watched the impressive man strip naked and display himself. Tall, pale, thin but muscled. A sprinkling of hair over his chest. Two solid, large, bare feet.  And a very erect cock surrounded by the darkest curls. John had dreamt about that cock, being filled, owned by that cock.
He was barely aware of his shaking body, at once pushing into the touches and squirming away from them.
Instead of the humiliation he'd feared he felt relief when he finally openly asked. "It has been a long week. Please."
"What is your technique?"
He sat next to him and spread one hand over his heart, feeling the beat, reassuring both of them. No rush.
"Yes." John lowered his eyes.
The next morning John woke with a bad headache and was extremely thankful he got the work finished the day before. The heat was still unabating. The morning shower and ibuprofen had helped him recover, but only a bit. He tried calling Sherlock twice, but he wasn't picking up. So he sent a text. Again, no response.
"We won't be needing two bedrooms, John. I promise you that."
Smearing John's skin with semen, the buck thrust his own erection against John's sweaty skin, his hands powerfully, bruisingly gripping the smaller man that straddled him, mouth frantically working against skin and lips as several lavish spurts covered John's chest and stomach.
He nodded wiping at his nose and eyes with the towel. He must have looked a mess.
"I've cut down. But still... It's an indulgence. Helps with performance anxiety..."
"Well, John," Sherlock took a thick scarf from the hook into his own hands and wrapped it around John's neck, "had we met earlier in life perhaps you'd been a worthy consulting detective's assistant. You do seem less of an idiot than the rest of them."
Stomping back.
Water boiling and the kettle switching off. The rustling of a pack of biscuits being opened. Feet on linoleum. It was fine, it was all fine. Sherlock managed an hour of sleep on the sofa.
"Any parts you didn't enjoy?"
Half an hour later John was finally done and, after thanking the sales staff, went out to search for Sherlock. But he wasn't there.
"Now, how do you feel about a glass of wine?"
He cleared his closing throat. "What I meant to say... It has been a long week." Please, please, not like this.
"I've left the rest of the furniture to the buyers to do with as they please."
He took slow steady steps down the long hotel corridor. Just as he was about to knock on the door, he felt an overwhelming, desperate compulsion to offer himself. He fell to his knees, head bowed, and knocked. He took several shaky breaths before the door finally opened.
So he started lathering his own skin distracted by the sight of Dr. Holmes soaping himself meticulously and without rush, hands over chest, stomach, then down to his bollocks and finally, several leisurely pulls of his cock, caresses over his bullocks.
"Those men were certainly not my 'type'."
"Of course I'm awake, it's only half eight. Are you alright?"
Even busier. And humid. Teenagers pushing each other on the platform. And the fare was astronomical. And he had problems with the wretched machine. No, he did not miss London.
He ran a hand down his properly fitted gray suit jacket and turned to look at the man next to him.
'At your convenience. - SH'
Tea sorted, they shifted around some of the papers to free the second armchair and sit.
"He's dead. And his kidneys have been cut out with surprising precision, post-mortem."
He was struggling not to lean over and lick the enticing smile off John’s face.
Sherlock felt protective.
He was naked. And a bit less aroused than usual, slightly apprehensive actually. But there was also a novel thrill in this. Not knowing how John would react when he woke. And if the steady snores he felt rumble against his cheek were anything to go by there was some time before that happened.
And he was. No squirming, absolute attention and focus. How calm and confident compared to yesterday afternoon. Well, that was true for both of them. He set the teacup back on its saucer. And pulled John in for a long deep kiss.
"What is that for?"
He took the quickest shower and dressed just as fast, jeans and one of his better t-shirts. When he got to the kitchen Sherlock was frying eggs wearing yesterday's jeans and shirt, sleeves rolled up, feet bare, glasses on top of his unruly head of hair.
And in stark contrast to his disoriented and stuttering state so far Sherlock continued, "The moment you had me indoors you evaluated my state and, quite correctly, pronounced me hypothermic. Your actions were textbook, including making sure my head and torso were dry and wrapped in warm blankets first. I was... out of it, slightly, but I do think you checked my pulse on two occasions, finger and toe mobility, too, and this tea has not been fortified with whatever the locals pass off as whisky, thankfully, although I assume you do have some stashed in a cupboard. And now, emergency over, you've been assessing my general state with some concern." He smirked, crossed his long legs and settled back into the armchair as if awaiting a retort, the punctuating posturing slightly off due to the ensemble of two crochet blankets and bright blue wool socks.
"John. Do come in."
John stared at the paper cup of tepid tea in his hand, the train already half way through the journey as heavy rain poured down the glass pane of the window.
They finished the plate in silence and John, getting up slowly although he was no longer concerned about startling the creature that was settled in apparent comfort, made himself more tea.
"Yes, it was." He looked down John's body. "It was not... too much? I did not hurt you?"
He'd been reluctant to entertain high expectations. But John Watson was a man who feared nothing.
His hands shook but he was grinning like an idiot.
"I don't know, writers' performance anxiety?
(See the end of the chapter for
He brushed his lips over one buttock and pulled back to take a look at a very dark pink pucker. Pulling John's buttocks further apart he leaned in to kiss unable to suppress a moan of his own. John was trembling as he licked, sucked, played with the tip of his tongue.
He got up, went to the kitchen and proceeded to locate the bottle of red wine he had received as a gift from his publisher after the first installment of the trilogy came out. It was something expensive. He didn't even own a proper wine glass.
“John?”
“The donation to Kew? Sherlock? Was that…”
"What? No. Friends protect people, Sherlock. They help you order a duvet and tell you to find a warm place to stay while you're ill."
"I want to hear you play. Just for me."
He sat down at his desk and reread the message.
And John giggled. Passing Sherlock he set one hand on a bony shoulder and pulled him towards the chair. "Come on, tea's getting cold. I've got a cardigan here that might fit you, always had to roll up the sleeve cuffs..."
John grabbed the headboard with both hands and pushed back impaling himself further as Sherlock stuttered.
He felt the trickle of more lubricant, and then, finally, the uneasy stretch of his body as Sherlock pushed in with a broken groan.
John felt a weight fall off his shoulders.
And if this was not enough to push Sherlock to completely lose control, John was shivering and, unconscious of the movement, rutting his bruised arse into the sharp short pile of the wool carpet.
: "Life imitates Art far more than Art imitates Life"... or something like that.
"Any parts you didn't enjoy?"
In his denial he'd always first build a fire, fill the tea kettle, start the breakfast. It was usually mid-breakfast that he finally peeked out onto the porch. He'd made it a habit of leaving the boots and tools inside now. And morning after morning all he faced was the empty porch and misty garden.
"Good, yes." John managed. He placed a hand on a bony hip just as he felt lips brush his temple. The man even smelled extraordinary; leather, nutmeg, bergamot. He let himself sink into the embrace, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's slim waist.
It had been true that all emotions, and in particular love, stood opposed to the pure, cold reason he held above all things. But it no longer was.
He dried his skin with a soft towel and applied his preferred moisturizer. Then checked his hair once more.
"I am going to fetch some things we'll need. All right John? Nod, please." John nodded.
"Then we're fine. Whatever happens, or doesn't happen, we're fine. All right?" He kissed him again and smiled, exhilarated.
"Please, I need you...more..."
'Thank you, John. I've put in an order. Goodnight. - SH'
The days that followed were empty. Morning tea, day at the lab, evening dinner at the kitchen counter, reading, mostly sleepless nights.
“John, the two women were just hired decoys, actresses that had no knowledge their employers were in fact running a sting at the party…”
The discussion. Life plans. Long-term plans. Strategic dates. Taxes.
"A bad time? I was passing by and..."
Pushing one finger into that eager mouth Sherlock leaned in and sucked a bruising kiss low onto his neck.
"Yes, of course." Sherlock looked up and gave a shy smile. "I suppose I should work for my meal." He joined him in the kitchen just as John put the last of the soup ingredients into the pot, bay leaves and black pepper, and gave it a stir with a large wooden spoon. "John, I am grateful for your help and your hospitality. I do have to warn you I have never made bread myself."
With broken moans John sunk down on a long cock.
He became aware of the heavy weight of his hanging cock. The increasingly uncomfortable pull.
"What about some hot stew and bread," John interrupted looking back towards the armchair, "I bake the bread myself, rye with caraway." He winked.
John groaned dropping his glasses onto the floor. "A slight..."
"Could I see it, the new book?" Sherlock gave him another small tight smile.
Just as one autumn day was closing it did.
Immediate arousal? This was unexpected. Had the man interpreted his casual touch as propositioning? Perhaps the one glass of wine had made him careless.
As he tasted the salty skin of the fingertip and immediately shook with a full body shiver.
"I am enjoying this very much."
After his absence Sherlock returned to post sheet music marked in pencil, short videos of rehearsing, messing up, and continuing to rehearse a single tricky phrase, updates about tickets for the upcoming concert, links to videos of performances by other pianists. No witty comments. In most cases no comment at all.
(See the end of the chapter for
The briefest rustle woke him.
Sublime. John woke wrapped in a warm embrace, a large possessive hand on the back of his neck, one thumb tenderly stroking through his hair. He inhaled the now familiar masculine scent.
"You are doing so well." John's eyelashes fluttered.
“No, no, not going there, no thank you.”
"I was thinking dinner tomorrow. And before that lunch today? Somewhere in the sun?"
Enough.
"I'd like to stay." John had lost his initial ease but was clearly determined to continue, his knees apart, one elbow on the side of the armchair. Resolute.
As if unaware of the bold pronouncement, John was attempting to sit up against the pillows, with some difficulty, leaning against Sherlock's arms for support. Helping with pillows allowed him to touch more of John's body, assure himself once more that his ribcage and all it held were uninjured.
"Yes." He set his own cup down and placed both of his palms on his thighs.
"Thank you, John, but only for as long as I am not in the way." Sherlock looked uncomfortable.
He stared at the tip of one well-worn shoe, just off the intersection of two charts. It started to tap.
"John, I do hope you accept my apology." He cleared his throat. "I admit I was unprepared for our initial meeting. We had not properly discussed your expectations and I had rushed." He took a sip of tea.
"It was too brief."
"And would you be willing to try some discipline play?" Dr. Holmes spoke in a low and steady voice, scratching his fingernails across John's naked buttocks.
He kissed into his hair.
One hand gripped his.
He watched carefully, listened. There was nothing off, nothing out of place in John's morning routine. His shower the appropriate amount of minutes, the shirt he favored for Mondays, two slices of toast, tea, and a rush to the surgery. Hurried steps down the stairs, something irrelevant about the recycling bins.
That was true. He looked around the flat, only one lamp was on.
“I… this seemed a place with a wine list?” John looked over his shoulder, a small smile, speaking with some uncertainty.
Several hours later, a ping of the microwave. Sherlock was not much closer to a satisfactory conclusion.
He blinked.
John stepped into the sitting room just then and watching Sherlock's hands made a strange, stuttery sound. Setting two cups of tea on the table with a loud thud he turned on his heels and marched down the hallway.
"Comfortable?"
He kept scratching the silky fabric of his favourite dressing gown, eyes closed. Not thinking. Pretending to not think.
He was on his second cup of tea, the room now toasty warm, when gray curls emerged from the duvet cocoon.
John interrupted him. "What woman?"
He reached out, hand steady, and rang the doorbell.
And now, mid-morning, instead of taking a taxi home to wash off the dust, preferably during a shared hot shower, the two of them were sitting in a pub with Lestrade, the head librarian and five other people, including Sally Donovan. In a pub. A pub that had no problem serving alcohol at this hour.
"Well, it's a while until the first flowering dandelions, but I can have a hearty leek and potato soup on the table in less than an hour." John got his coat off and strode towards the kitchen rolling up his sleeves to wash his hands. He started peeling the potatoes.
They'd taken just a moment to settle under the duvet together, the taller man nestled against his side. John took a shaky hand and brought it against his chest to hold. They slept.
He was about to give up on reading and change for bed when he heard a soft knock on the door. A mistake? He got up to open it.
John swore and switched the phone off until morning.
Just like during their first encounter Sherlock carefully placed his hand on the exposed back of the neck and allowed them both time to calm down a bit.
“I am aroused. Very much so. And… I’d like your permission…”
Sherlock started buttering one slice with a frown.
"A slight pneumonia, nothing of concern."
He didn't have a chance to find out.
“Sherlock?”
And there, on the stairs, sitting with his hands around his knees, his face hidden, t-shirt soaked through as rain poured, rocking slightly, Sherlock.
John spoke about his work. He'd glance at Dr. Holmes once in a while but never addressed him, hoping the man might join the conversation.
Judging the oven to be ready, he pushed in a tin cup of boiling water to get the steam he needed for a good crust, then carefully inverted his dough onto a baking tray. Into the oven it went.
"Yes."
"This is not about me overpowering you. We may have different needs, but we stay equals." He carefully untied and took off the boots as John watched. Then socks, handling each foot gently, letting his fingers wrap around the ankles. "And it is not about pain or extravagant toys. We may or may not get to those things. It is up to us to decide together."
"I doubt you had more than a sandwich at lunch, if that. And it is important to me you are well and able to enjoy our time together." He watched as the man swallowed down the rest of his water and realized he was hungry. "John, we have time. I am not watching you faint from exhaustion tonight."
"And we need condoms for...?"
“Any recommendations?”
He’d never wanted anything in his life this badly. And that included his securing the Marie Skłodowska-Curie blue-sky research funding for the lab.
"A ridiculous thought! The administrative constraints..."
Just as he was about to sink into a foul mood Anderson misstepped and just barely grazed one of the smaller outlying droplets with the edge of his boot. Sherlock grinned and inhaled.
The rain had calmed down mostly. They stood side by side under the shop's awning. Sherlock lit the cigarette and put it to his lips. And took a long drag closing his eyes. John was openly staring at those damp lips as Sherlock blew it out slowly and squinted back at him. How much he wanted to just kiss him now.
It was Sherlock's number.
“Sherlock?”
He paused for a moment, blinked with a tic, then looked down. "That I wonder if the waiter has noticed the massive hard on I've been hiding under the napkin... and how soon I can drag you back to my hovel and have my way with you... and if you'll spend the night... or possibly stay indefinitely... " He pushed the palm of his hand over his face, unsettling his glasses and covering his eyes.
"Turn to face me. And take everything off, leave the clothes on the bed."
It had been quite the chase.
Definitely angry then.
He did not hold back on the first strike, letting the palm of his hand slap loudly against warm skin.
A shower and a simple lunch sandwich out of the way, John decided against tea, took a beer from the fridge instead and sat at his desk. The writing had been going well that morning but he still had to tackle his inbox. And decide what to wear to dinner with Sherlock. He couldn't help smile at the thought of him and he typed an update sure it would be read.
Sherlock looked away. As if there was pertinent information to be found in the piled-up sink.
By now he could recognize the composition. One of his favorites and clearly played for his enjoyment on this dreary rainy evening. It was misleadingly simple in its melody, a tricky and playful picking of the violin strings, and yet saturnine, demanding, and at moments bloody infuriating under the bow.
Sherlock snorted. "Passing by?" He gestured for John to follow him inside. "You clearly took the 7 o'clock down to King's Cross, had some of the horrific 'tea' they serve..." he started on the stairs but turned for another quick glance at John closing the door behind them, then two at a time up the stairs dressing gown trailing, as John scrambled to follow.
And finally, as Sherlock slowly, very slowly, brushed over his hefty straining cock. John sobbed.
Sherlock shrugged.
"Tea is fine."
The man was gorgeous. Tall, lean, pristine white shirt and dark suit, hair in barely tamed curls framing the most piercing gaze he'd ever encountered. Absolutely breathtaking. And then the man smiled. Oh, fuck.
He always kept the door unlocked but now he rested a hand on the lock cautiously. Carefully he peeked out at the bench with his boots and some of the garden tools. Nothing was knocked down, nothing was out of place. It felt surreal. No, living alone in the cabin for the past two years had not made him insane. He was a doctor, well, former doctor, military trained and discharged only due to the injured shoulder. The nightmares were... well. But, no. He regularly drove to town to pick up his pension and buy supplies. He had a book publisher eager to get their hands on the second novel currently in progress. He was not a hermit slowly going insane and having visions of magical creatures. Even his fiction was realistic - bullets and surgery, conflict zones and camaraderie.
An embrace and he realised he was now nestled on his back on the bed.
Or so he thought until the man, in a moment of understandable paranoia, started waving about the weapon and John moved to tackle him to the ground. The scene far too familiar. But, this time, playing out in a completely different manner.
Sherlock shaved slowly, leisurely, listening to the sounds of the routine - scrape of blade, and again, tap water running in a narrow stream, splash, slow breaths, scrape, and again.
"And toast." John muttered stubbornly and placed the butter on the table. Eyeing one of the shelves he took down a small pot of honey.
They touched glasses and he took a sip. Warm, potent. He already felt inebriated. He stared at those lips on the edge of the glass.
"And I do have friends. And I do meet a lot of people through my work. I will meet some of them for drinks in the future."
"Yes, Wilder has recommended a reputable service..."
There was a point where John would come desensitised and they were nearing that point.
“No, no, you bloody drama queen, it was not!” John was pulling him, with excess force, up the stairs and into the flat.
"Why wouldn't I be?"
“If I wanted to, I could stretch my legs and rest my feet in the middle of your chest.”
Sherlock looked at him and tears poured down his face.
The buck stood in the middle of the porch as if waiting for John to show up. Its antlers full of blackberry branches and wild honeysuckle, with the hydrangea nestled in the middle of it all surrounded by its curls. It held the blue scarf to one cheek and had both hands full of apples. It was smiling as it shifted from hoof to hoof.
He was shivering. With fear. With anticipation.
John was watching it all, allowing the soft manipulation of his limbs, breathing a bit rapidly but still calm.
"Are you uncomfortable?"
And John smiled and moved one hand to brush against his thigh.
The first time always meant a lot to Sherlock. The gesture of submission. The commitment.
He'd never given it much thought before. And now, it was all he could think about.
"Yes, I am an MD," John spoke calmly, "retired recently, but still able to notice signs one is not taking care of themselves properly, signs of malnutrition and poor grooming habits."
"Good, that's good." John nodded. "So, you've some security, a pension perhaps?"
"Well, I'm past sixty and prefer not to twiddle with the touchscreen, Sherlock." John smiled. "Glad to hear you are taking care of yourself. Antibiotics?"
“Is this why it’s currently snowing in our sitting room?!” And with less yelling and more concern. “Do you have heat stroke as well?”
But of course he'd known.
With a slightly rushed exhale John looked at his boots and answered. "Please?"
Sherlock woke panting, confused.
Sherlock looked confused.
"Really? Anything?" Oh, John, you have no idea.
Once in a while the hand grasped his neck giving him further reassurance. Oh, it was perfect.
They stayed like this for a long time. Sherlock keeping all his attention focused on the kneeling man, pressing his fingers into the muscle as a reassurance. John settling down into calmness, no longer high-strung, if still aroused.
"Come here."
“Of course! The 2007 flooding! The additional construction work and the grate!”
"Can you get up?" He took hold of the man gently and lifted him to his feet, he was worryingly light, then half-carried him inside the hallway. Sherlock was unsteady on his feet, swaying, completely wet, glasses missing, eyes red from crying. John was unnerved to see him in this state and wanted to know what happened, and fix it.
The man startled at his voice and looked at him with an open expression. Well, it wasn't the most elegant opening.
And the man gestured for John to hurry up.
John laughed. "And friends?"
"Next time then."
He could fucking smell him, expensive perfume and whiskey and man.
"It's all online, or on my laptop. I don't need much." He pointed at the cable. "And I stay offline while I write."
"Sleep well?"
“Listen, I… should not have mentioned it. The dinner was exceptional, really. And you. I’ve had a wonderful time… I just wanted to say, if you’ve been rethinking… If this was the reason…”
(See the end of the chapter for
That word. It reappeared daily.
"Hullo there!"
"It was a pity to leave it John, it is a Corbusier. And you only have the one..." Sherlock abruptly stopped speaking.
Something woke him. Confused John looked at the fire. So, not much time had passed, not morning yet.
With a growl Sherlock unbuttoned and pushed down his trousers and pants quickly and slightly roughly pushed the head of his cock past John's open lips.
Deep voice. "No, no need for you to apologize. You had given me no permission to touch you and yet I did. I am sorry about the misunderstanding, it was not my intention to initiate."
"Have about 60% of the new one done. The first draft, that is. There will be lots of editing to polish it, take care of inconsistencies, style."
“It can, of course…”
“I have been very clear about my commitment to you, have I not?”
“Also, there is an interesting anecdote about its name and and alternative one used in television programmes…”
Small smiles at breakfast that Sherlock always helped prepare, followed by quick exits, afternoon messages right on cue, carefully chosen dinners with quiet exchanges about the day. Sherlock's Twitter feed again only sheet music and links to other pianists' videos, recital dates. He was incredibly subdued. No more outbursts, provocations, no flirting or risqué jokes.
He felt a bruising kiss on his neck and lost all self-restraint. He was openly moaning, squirming in his tight trousers, pushing his fingers higher up that tantalizing thigh.
Now John was coming even closer and reaching into Sherlock’s unbuttened coat with both hands to envelop his waist. His face was close enough to kiss.
There was a phone number. John swallowed hard and ran a finger over the extravagant penmanship, the letters decadently curving into each other. He brought the letter closer and, eyes closed, brushed his lips against the writing.
Oh. "Let's start with one night and see what happens? And maybe to keep what's under the napkin off Twitter?"
He’d always enjoyed a degree of recognition for his deductions, but until John no one had looked at him and pronounced him remarkable or amazing out loud, publicly, without restraint. John's expressed that thought in every possible variant available to the English language. And since that first cab ride together Sherlock had reveled in it. ‘Amazing.’
"Please, take a seat. I'll take your jacket." Dr. Holmes approached him, one hand reaching. John felt giddy, staring at those hands so near his body, but not touching. Please.
"It has been a long week. For both of us."
"Just one or two things for the kitchen... Had I known I'd be staying with you, again, I'd have brought a more appropriate host gift."
John sat up in his bed. "Are you alright?" Then moved to get up, his voice firm. "Did you take something?"
"Lucky for me it's scarf season out there." John gestured towards his well-bitten neck.
A long kiss, his tongue sucked slowly over and over, strong hands pulling him closer as his knees parted even more.
"Yes, I am aware it is not..." Sherlock waved a hand about.
"Well, I wouldn't mind some help in the garden, especially if we're looking to double the summer harvest." Sherlock raised an eyebrow at this and John smiled a bit more. "Hope you've packed wellies alongside the armchair."
“I’ll see you on Friday, John, seven o’clock, sharp.”
"John, I'm forty, give me a sec. One fuck and you've become insatiable." And they laughed.
Still on his knees John watched mesmerized as the buck drew a line with the tip of the twig it held from its throat, down over its muscled chest, and lower to its groin. John licked his lips as the buck uttered several small grunts and clicking noises and drew the tip slowly up the length of its hard cock to the tip.
A bit sheepish, wrapped in his dressing gown, Sherlock found John sitting in the kitchen with two cups of tea. He stood next to the table and took one for himself.
John was shivering and gasping as the soft bristles flowed over more sensitive areas, several times unable to suppress a moan.
John, on his second round of ‘this calls for shots’ with Lestrade and Donovan, cheered the loudest. Sherlock appreciated his pink cheeks, and the fact he’d taken off his thick wool jumper, a move that asymmetrically unsettled his hair - at the moment just a bit too long for John’s liking; just perfect, Sherlock thought.
"I've never had to take into consideration..." And that was the truth. He set the box down. There had never been anyone before he'd hurt, his callousness had never been blatant disregard for others. "... no one would have gotten hurt but me... before."
'A case? Anything from the Met?'
"You're impossible." John was now aware of his hands pressing Sherlock tightly towards him as he spoke against velvety skin.
They shared a vindaloo and a korma, samosas and naan, with a spicy chutney and ale, Sherlock animated as ever, dipping his naan into the sauce and speaking about the 28-inch Greenwich refracting telescope he wanted to show John.
It was out in the open. He couldn't humiliate himself more than he already had. "You can..."
He could have...
"Apologies. A cold."
"John!"
And John felt bold. "I know, laptop speakers. But here, let me show you why."
John was positively scorching and Sherlock kicked a corner of the duvet off.
"Yeah, very. You? Been awake long?"
"Take a sip." He watched as lips touched glass and tipped a bit of wine into John's mouth, then waited for him to swallow. Then kissed him again, with a bit more need this time. No reason to hide how much he wants this. John's lips now also tasted of the wine, the combination was intoxicating.
Last night's offer of submission had shaken him. It spoke to his deepest desires, desires he'd attempted to ignore for a while. His last relationship had been a decade ago and had ended badly. He wasn't looking for someone to repeat that experience. If anything, lately he'd thought about hiring a discreet professional for a one-time thing. It was easy to do so online.
It took John a while, but he nodded.
He almost moaned.
As soon as the waiter walked him in he set eyes on the man. Impeccable. A halo of soft dark curls. An impossibly flattering purple shirt, the top buttons open to reveal a long, pale, stunning neck. And one long finger dragging along the edge of a glass.
"I'd enjoy that, too. Immensely."
He'd.
And set on the bed he was, and very proficiently divested of his shoes, jacket, and the rest of his clothes.
Once had been incidental. Forgettable. Not that he would ever forget. Twice would be a commencement of a pattern. A blatant neediness. Twice would necessitate an explanation in the morning.
"You've agreed to stay here until Sunday." Sherlock sat in the armchair opposite.
John rubbed his eyes and adjusted his glasses. Well...
Aware of nothing but this point of touch and his own thundering heartbeat, Sherlock shivered silently.
"I... I cannot thank you enough, John, for everything."
"Well," still looking at the suit jacket, "this will need to be cleaned, mud on the sleeve." He set it back and crossing his arms, walked towards the table.
“Kept yourself busy?”
He inhaled and whispered.
Nine. He thought of the number, the numeral, the curves of it written down in his own handwriting, in John's, the count to reach it. Nine. The number of consecutive nights he'd slept in John's bed, under John's duvet, wrapped in John's arms.
"Still comfortable?"
John took three steps and stopped in front of the armchair.
"What we did last time, was it satisfactory?"
"John. When we met I was clear on the matter. Not my area." Except, it was. No longer quite so monogamously married to the Work, was he?
“Oh, this is… more than I expected. Not exactly a beer and some peanuts, is it?”
"At least one of us is getting a leg over." Lestrade shrugged.
“Hm?” Slow pecking at the keyboard and lip biting continued.
(See the end of the chapter for
The punishingly long sessions did end in orgasm and allowed him to sink into exhausted sleep. But by Wednesday it was clear this wasn't about orgasms, perhaps not even about sex.
Back at Baker Street he sat in his armchair stunned. The universe is rarely so lazy.
"As if I'd ever refuse you."
John moaned.
“You bring me such unexpected joy, John. Your submission is… Arresting. Humbling.”
"Looking forward to it."
"Right." And now the 'considerate doctor' was gone and 'resolute soldier' tinted John's voice.
Bloody armchair cushion. John shook it and resettled it in the seat. Then pushed it slightly to the left. This was ridiculous. He was an idiot.
John set about making a pot. "I hope it wasn't expensive. Very nice packaging. There is really no need for gifts..."
"Tease," he whispered.
John woke with a start, confused for a moment, too hot, sweaty, legs tangled in his sheets. Fuck.
As a single long wet finger pushed into him John groaned and ejaculated with some force, rutting and thrusting, his hand pulling at thick fur as he ravenously sucked.
Perhaps whatever was troubling John would no longer be an issue in the morning. Or they'd have a new case, hopefully one that would give them a chance to run clear across London, those always put him in good spirits.
"Not a website. Or, not that website. John, we've archived it all, all the cases, the work! The flat is empty! Scanned, digitised, uploaded, boxed up!"
Sherlock nodded with a slight frown.
He swayed on his feet just a step from John's bed.
"Hey, what are you doing here?"
Sherlock stilled in the middle of the sitting room, determined to quiet his mind and solve this damn case.
“Oh, my love…” John wrapped his warm arms around him, kissing into his atrociously unkempt hair. And Sherlock started to shake.
"I'm fine." John squeezed his hand.
He’d completely lost focus at work yesterday. Looking at nothing, daydreaming like an adolescent. One of his colleagues had made a comment about expecting a happy announcement by the end of the week. And he’d stammered something about postdocs and schedules and somehow managed to get his head back into the lab.
"John..." He shifted on the bench and pulled John to sit next to him although there was barely space for both of them. The ensuing very long and slow kiss, Sherlock's hands digging into hips and small moans, had John heavily breathing into his open mouth and trembling as he felt hands on his waist, thighs, buttocks.
"Come, we'll shower and then have a cup of tea."
"Not too long." Another even softer kiss.
Sherlock stood with one hand on the door and let him wait a moment.
Just as he felt the kitchen heat up a bit he heard soft shuffling.
The look John gave him spoke of 'deranged', 'intervention' and 'drugs bust'. He quickly looked out the window. He was aware he sometimes misunderstood social cues. John was much better at this but he really couldn't ask him to explain now.
All the while John was kissing every bit of alabaster skin he could reach. He pulled off the jeans and socks soon enough and took a moment to look at the truly beautiful man who was aroused and now blushing, reaching for the edge of the bedspread.
Was he embarrassed? "John, I take pleasure in meeting your needs. All your needs."
John opened the door of the cabin and stood on its threshold.
He grabbed his phone from the dressing gown pocket, wincing at the sudden movement, and sent a quick text to Lestrade.
"I'd like you to stay with me constantly today, naked and silent. Of course, if you want something to stop you will use the word 'stop' and I'll cease immediately and make sure you are safe and comfortable. Is that clear?"
"Are you together now?"
Soft scratches. Sherlock relished the repetitive touches.
John walked to the other side of the cast iron stove, took an old quilt off the sofa and placed it near the stove. He beckoned towards it but the buck stood still, dripping on the hardwood.
"Bach, more Bach, and some more, yeah, Bach. That's for the November recital. Still getting there."
"I'll complain about the smoke."
Sherlock had complimented the soup, as if words could ever express as much as watching him soak up the last of his second bowl with the bread's crust, lips smacking in delight. He'd politely asked John for seconds, with a mixture of eagerness and embarrassment. He looked so young, unguarded, beaming even.
He was also, and with a great sense of shame, effectively stalking Sherlock's Twitter feed, following daily updates and clicking on all links, staring at photos of meals, friends, pianos. There were a lot of photos of pianos.
John took off his jacket, draped it on the back of a chair and stepped closer to grab the kettle off the stove.
The forest would grow misty with fog in the evening hours and John liked to have a cup of tea looking out from the chilly porch before coming in for the night. He had spotted tracks in the grasses on the forest's edge and was hopeful his magnificent creature would return soon. He'd set out bowls of sweet parsnips or tart quinces with sprigs of medlar on a couple of occasions hoping to entice it to return.
His face must have shown his consternation because John set his glass down.
It would take at least an hour, even pressing the taxi driver, to reach it and that gave him some time to, carefully, seemingly casually, pose a question or two.
It took another two to deal with the now messy black eyeliner. He carefully passed a cotton pad dipped in makeup remover liquid over it until it was gone. It had been a very successful disguise, the suspect had offered to buy him a drink as soon as he approached the man. After that, it was just a matter of the right voice intonation, a strategically worded phrase, a touch to a tattooed biceps.
As the taxi pulled up to Baker Street Sherlock felt slightly agitated. It was the coffee.
Sherlock spent the following night in his armchair, poking at the fireplace and feeling uneasy. This was unfamiliar terrain. He was a novice.
The forest was an explosion of yellows and reds, paths strewn with fallen leaves and soft mosses. John would take long afternoon walks and forage for treasures like shepherd's purse and fennel seeds to spice his meals, sweet chestnuts and the absolute autumn favorite - wild mushrooms.
It took a while until he calmed a bit.
So, he opened his arms hoping Sherlock would allow a hug.
He'd missed him terribly.
"So, no tie in the end?" He gestured towards Sherlock's open shirt collar.
An accident. An inexperienced delivery driver.
John laughed happily. "An experiment?" Sherlock smiled into his shoulder.
“I… Thank you…”
Sherlock even contemplated an alternative, a tactical move, timing John's return with a takeaway to coincide with a premiere of a new BBC series based on a le Carré novel. He cringed at the thought.
The touch continued tracing paths over his heated body, pressing into his hips, dragging the hair of his thighs, wrapping around one ankle relentlessly.
A broken, throaty voice. "Perfect, perfect for me, oh, John..."
"So, doctor, do I pass?"
"This will include meals. And rest. And time you may wish to spend apart."
With a few rasping grunts the buck followed him inside, hooves clicking on the hardwood floor.
"Still, an armchair?"
Dr. Holmes took his glass in hand and leaned to smell the wine swirling it in his glass. John felt a stirring of arousal at the sensual sight.
John closed his eyes. This. Please.
Dr. Holmes traced his fingers over clavicle, chest, stomach. Slowly but with a sure touch, light pressure. John took small breaths. One palm ran over the disfigured shoulder. No one had touched the scarred skin since his accident. He shivered.
John had called him ‘his’, had used the word ‘love’, frequently, despite Sherlock not yet managing to reciprocate out loud, had accepted a change in the way they interacted, both intimately and publicly, without pause.
"How do you take it Dr. Watson? Milk, sugar?"
John choked eyes fluttering open to face pale skin and dark curls.
And he had no idea how to initiate something more. Without publicly embarrassing himself for all of the internet to enjoy.
"So, flowers, strawberries and now a nest? Is this how you court?" For a moment he felt foolish and embarrassed and started to pull back. With both strong hands the buck pulled him into its furry lap.
But there he was, socked feet tapping on the worn carpet, humming, chewing, visibly happy. And so beautiful. A riot of soft gray curls John wanted to touch.
John glanced around the empty shop. "Yeah, loads, a ton."
“Oh, I do enjoy watching you, John. On your back. Right here, on my sitting room floor. Completely nude. Rubbing your buttocks into my carpet, making quite a spectacle of yourself as I finish my morning cup of tea.”
He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked down failing to suppress another gasp. It was embarrassing, humiliating.
"How could you possibly know I'm an MD?"
He took care of the fire first, blanket around his shoulders, then took a look out the window. Shy morning sun over untouched and luminous snow. Oh, he couldn't wait to get outside and get a lungful of that air!
He'd wake rutting into the mattress, sweaty and needy.
Enough. He was going for a swim. Now.
They finished breakfast and put away the plates. John made another pot of tea and took it into the sitting room.
"Never expected this much excitement at my age." He spoke quietly, his stubble catching against the shirt fabric.
"Piano. And you." Sherlock wiggled his eyebrows. "I could also combine the two..."
He blasted Rachmaninoff as auditory self-punishment. Punishment for what, he had no idea.
"Sherlock?"
Hot, thick semen filled his mouth and John was lost, rubbing himself like a horny animal against a smooth arch and ejaculating over that foot with deprived whines.
They spent the evening opposite each other at the sitting room desk, John typing up another blog post, Sherlock a scathing email reply to Mycroft after unsought suggestions he ‘consult the family solicitor at once’ and not make any ‘unsound decisions’.
"Yeah."
With a pleased hum Dr. Holmes pulled him up onto his lap and cradled him to his chest.
"I don't have to wait until the next book comes out and you do a signing?" He gestured towards the desk with the laptop.
Once in a while the hand grasped his neck giving him further reassurance.
"I want to see that spare room."
“Am I talking too much? It’s the wine. And, well, you. And seeing this place…” John glanced around. So different than what he’d expected, well, dreaded.
A week of no communication and John became worried.
His phone pinged and John jerked up, blanket falling on the floor, hand shaky.
Then long fingers wrapped around John's face.
"I will use silk ribbons for restraints of your arms and legs."
“John.”
John nodded. "Yes."
"Never mind. I bought a rotisserie chicken. It'll do. Come on now."
"I do, I really do."
Every inhale, every twitch of flesh, the solid presence of that thumb on his tongue, fingers in his hair. He wanted to be crushed by those thighs, touched everywhere by those fingers, owned by that cock. Oh, fuck...
It was perfect.
"A picnic?" Sherlock was standing just inside the door, boots and coat on.
Smug bastard. It was good to hear his voice. John sank back into the armchair and took another sip.
'are you still around? drink? or anything?'
Sherlock was inexplicably, unreasonably and unquestionably… in love with John Watson.
Suddenly the touching was no longer tentative. He was held close as an eager mouth set to sucking and kissing his neck. Hands traveled over his back and hips, pressing, squeezing. He moaned and in response the grunts grew louder.
Sherlock opened his eyes to the fingers of his left hand uncomfortably gripping the phone he’d set down on the fireplace mantle. He looked up at his reflection in the mirror. Flushed. And smiling.
John sighed. "I don't know what brought this on but we're fine now, right? No misunderstandings?"
He waited until John calmed down enough to open his eyes and take another small sip of wine. He was blushing wildly.
Nothing.
He was an idiot. And John still somehow loved him.
He'd glance at Sherlock once in a while but never addressed him.
His body was now covered by licks, sucking and bites that were never hard enough. Over his chest, neck, sides, stomach, thighs. It was impossible to tell where the next stimulus would touch down.
It was soft and slow and restrained at first. Barely a few brushes of lips. But then Sherlock pushed him against the wall and leaned his whole body into him, sucking and licking at his lips.
"... and no bloody tattoos on your skin." John's whisper was lost in his curls.
John closed his eyes for a moment, then looked at the food with a sheepish eye and a thought occurred.
"I... I apologize." John looked down at his feet and tried to pull his hand back. He was blushing a deep red.
John wanted to touch him.
He was surprised to see Dr. Holmes pull off his own shoes and socks and kneel in front of him in a reversal of their position from a moment ago.
A kiss into his hair. He hummed.
He lowered his head to nuzzle a bit. “John, you are perfect.”
Idiot. He was an idiot.
And next to him, with one large hand gripping his wrist possessively, the man he had waited so long to find was deep in slumber. Lips open and raw, hair disheveled, skin damp with sweat.
John took one of the trembling hands and shrugged. "You're here now."
A pity, he would have loved to see a young buck up close from the safety of the cabin. What was it doing, though? Not like them to come so close. He never left anything of interest to the wildlife outside.
The snow had melted and although the nights were still frosty John wanted to finish the winter work in his small garden before the growing season got under way. He also had two beautiful forsythia bushes along the side of the house that were in full bloom and would need pruning soon.
John had taken more hours at the surgery that month citing a need to ‘bump up his ISA’. His reading materials had recently shifted away from paperback novels with lurid titles towards equally melodramatic pronouncements of ’12% earnings’ and ‘pauper vs. lottery winner - it’s your choice’.
A hand on his cheek. "All right?"
John looked at him and his stance softened. "Thank you for the tea. I know that's as close to an apology as I'll get. Now," he gestured to the door, "I might have used most of the hot water."
"Ah, yes, well, John..."
"And questions, reservations?"
“I’m… I’m still in my bed.”
"That was amazing."
John was totally unaware he was licking his lips, and the effect of it on Sherlock, as he nodded. "Yes."
As he exhaled Sherlock threw the cigarette away into the rain and wrapped both hands around John's face, tracing along his skin with his thumbs. The rain resumed with ferocity.
Holmes clenched his jaw but didn’t respond.
John chuckled and shook his head when he noticed the smile tugging at his partner’s lips.  They shouldn’t be joking around a dead body, even if it was a fictional one. John looked up and as their eyes met he could feel his body leaning towards his partner again.  Sherlock was almost the poster boy of noir films in his suit and fedora as he turned and walked up the stairs to the deserted bridge. As he followed, John wished he could take a picture.
Jake and Amy look from Sherlock to each other. Amy’s ‘deer in headlights’ look intensifies. Jake gapes.
“Bill, he just said he’s a detective,” Ms Adler replied, clearly amused.
Well, he did, he had a very specific idea. One that was becoming more and more detailed with every minute spent with John. This was as good a time as any to say something. If he didn’t do it now, he probably never would.
recruited me.
Holmes nodded. “Seems fair.”
“Money is power. An artifact close to power is never a good mix.” Sherlock explained to his partner.
He was already so shaken by seeing the finale that Holmes hugged back.
“John!”
Ms Hawkins bit her lip and looked uncomfortable. “Look, right now, we need to focus on your acting. You can bring up your issues with the script to Stamford, and he’ll speak to Watson.” Before Holmes could add anything, Ms Hawkins stood. “Get up, we’re going to do a few movement exercises.”
Holmes turned when he heard the words and bumped into her, exaggerating the movement a bit. Ms Riley started shrieking, hands raised to her face.
John cleared his throat loudly, putting aside his teacup, buying time before answering. What was he supposed to say? That Sherlock was right? That staying there had been pointless?
“Yes, I’m done.” Sherlock grabbed his coat. “Let’s go.”
Murray popped in third with a grumpy face, carrying a large thermos. He poured coffee into two cups and handed one to Wilder. He poured another when Ms Hawkins walked in, the sound of her heels announcing her presence before she could be seen. She dropped the paper bag filled with pastries next to the thermos and took Murray’s offered mug like a precious treasure.
Sure?
Watson frowned, confused by what Ms Adler could mean by that, and followed Holmes inside his dressing room.
“This is insane.” John said when he finally stopped laughing long enough to catch his breath. “We’re stuck in a book arguing in black and white while the Warehouse is self destructing and the world might end at any moment.”
Thank you, Greg.
“Yes.”
Holmes ignored Lestrade’s heckling and turned back to Stamford. “I believe her involvement is out of self-preservation rather than personal gain. Her skills in the field, well, the ‘Hollywood field’ are a valuable asset, but she is not the head of this operation.”
“No, that would clash with the rest of the movie,” Watson explained. “Just- not a big number with fireworks and a hundred dancers.”
“You are not my type.” Ms Adler watched at him intensely. “As I am not your type.”
“Still alright?”
The artifact beeped loudly before changing the display on its screen. They held their breath as they watched a single entry appear. Sherlock stretched over John to grab a pen and paper and scribble down the numbers as quickly as he could. As soon as he finished writing the last number, he headed straight for the Warehouse computer. John walked up behind him and waited silently as he watched the monitor.
Stamford patted Holmes on the back. “Come on then.”
To Sherlock’s relief, they rode in silence the rest of the way to Plymouth. It wasn’t that he didn’t care about the man who had tried to blow them up, but Sherlock knew that Manning was only the messenger. John was right, the agent did have his suspicions, but until he had more information, he preferred not to consider things too closely. He didn’t like where the facts where leading him at the moment. He didn’t like Mycroft putting his nose into cases, but this one... Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed slowly through his nose. The violin, he told himself; no time to think about something that wasn’t his problem at the moment, he had a case to focus on.
Ms Hawkins nodded. “I know, I know. Come one now, let’s go over the latest changes. Everyone turn to page twelve please.”
Just before they kiss. (like, an epic-years-of-pining first kiss).
“No.”
?” Sherlock criticised, his baritone voice hitting a nerve in John. He tightened his hands into fists and placed them onto the table, knuckles facing down. He leaned on them heavily, his head hanging low as he spoke.
John’s voice startled Sherlock. He had tuned everything out for a moment, concentrating only on the sensation. Odd, he didn’t even notice he was doing it.
John looked confused, a deep blush spread across her cheeks and neck. “I… I thought you were going to ask for a sample.”
“I told you, you’ve got it down, we should move on to the first meeting so it’s ready for this afternoon.”
“Getting an artifact. I thought that was fairly obvious.” He answered without missing a beat on whatever he was doing. John felt annoyed at how he was being treated.
But it was still a diversion. “Eat.”
“A pirate,” he replied as she spun into his arms.
SHERLOCK
“I can’t help if you don’t tell me what wrong.”
“Because of the engraving on the back.” The agent pointed to his computer screen. John moved closer to see a close up of the bottom of the violin where he could read
He looked up again and his attention was caught by the Warehouse GPS screen that was seemingly trying to locate the GPS artifact.
Watson watched him disappear behind the door, heart beating loudly in his chest, reminding himself to breathe. He still had a lot to do before their evening together.
Of course. After he ‘stews for a few hours’, as Captain Holt put it.
“Like I said the other night: I’m not going anywhere.”
“Nice to meet you Sherlock. Take off your coat.”
“Oh no.”
John raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms. “Living off an army pension and a store clerk’s wages?”
BOYLE
SHERLOCK
Once outside, Small hesitated too long before deciding which way to go. He barely made it fifteen feet before Holmes tackled him, grabbing hold of his legs. With a shout, Small landed hard on the pavement, wrestling against Holmes before Watson arrived and restrained his arms.
I can’t take anything you say seriously with that coat.
The level of intimacy suddenly terrified Watson. Every experience he had had with men outside of the army had been limited to nameless encounters in dark alleys, even faceless in some cases.
John remembered when Mycroft had made them do the maintenance on all the individual security stations. They were scattered along the layout of the Warehouse; a bucket of neutralizer on wheels, a neutralizer hose, axe, a big emergency button that activated the neutralizer sprinklers and, of course, a smaller version of the Warehouse computer. Sherlock had lectured about artifact security, all the while making passive aggressive comments and successfully irritating the new agent. John had stayed calm, even when Sherlock had used his encounter with Beethoven’s clock as an example of what not to do. His control had paid off; when they had finished their last station for the day, the taller man had dusted himself off and told John to put everything away. Without a word, John had grabbed one bag and had stretched his arm out to hand it to Sherlock, who had taken a step back, knocked over the bucket of goo and had successfully slipped and knocked himself out as he had hit his head on the floor.
Not just coins, cursed coins.
SHERLOCK
Holmes looked to the side. “Six.”
“I didn’t say that,” Holmes protested quickly.
Chester squints at John.
“Yes, in the office, on the desk, I saw tunnel plans. We just need to find where the access is.”
Holmes prepares for his audition with Morgan with the help of the crew.
“Footage screening program. Or it could be news of a man killing his children.”
Watson turned to Small. “Lie again and see what happens.”
Dear God.
“Why?” Watson closed the door and locked it out of habit.
SHERLOCK
“Then they make their way to the stairs, then up to the balcony and kiss at the end. That’s the gist of it.”
“What?” John asked.
John snorted at the answer. “Of course it bloody is.”
John liked watching him work; he mostly tried to guess what the brilliant man was working on, which was surprisingly difficult sometimes. John was use to standard science, which doesn’t apply here. The tools Sherlock used were also an added difficulty to the guessing game because most of them were artifacts. And who could blame him for using them to study other artifacts, not to mention that John was eager to use Rosalind Franklin’s original DNA Sequencer.
Of course they are.
Holmes blinked.
Amy gets out of the car.
LESTRADE
“Yes. I came back, laid on the couch and told you to be ready by eight o’clock.” John blinked at him a few times.
Sherlock lifted his head slowly and narrowed his eyes at him. “Are you angry because I
Holmes, startled, started rattling off. “Edward Jones, 27 years old, mother died when he was eleven, never met his father. Has been working on farms since he was thirteen. Developed an ability for pickpocketing, which eventually led him to jail. The movie takes place a few weeks after he was released early for good behaviour, when he is looking to start fresh. His mate from prison told him about this town.” Holmes cursed himself for using mate rather than buddy and hoped Ms Hawkins wouldn’t notice.
“No you first.”
“Yes, but necessary.”
put me on this particular case that you said yourself was something you were taking care of personally. It lead us to come face to face with a man I believed to be dead and who personally blames me for it, and you expect me to become an agent for the
“According to the database, all the members had this symbol tattooed on their left shoulder blade. The tattoo artist, to whom this box is rumored to belong, was one of the leading members, Ignaty Gryniewietsky.”
“With the paperwork I saw yesterday, suspension is exactly what it is.”
“No. No, I am not going after it again.” John was astonished by how his partner could sound like a six year old boy. As much as he didn’t preferred Mycroft’s absence, it was nice to get a break from being the main target when Sherlock got into a mood.
“The what?” Ms Hooper asked, eyes wide.
John, could you at least try not to threaten the suspect when you have a bunch of cops listening in?
“Will do. Goodbye.” He left awkwardly, his eyes shooting bullets at the back of Sherlock’s head as he caught up.
“It happened one time!” Sherlock protested over his shoulder.
Ms Adler smiled. “You heard the reviews, it’s good business, we’d be fools not to try. And we all work so well together.”
For scientific reasons. John was a unique and captivating specimen; it would have been surprising if Sherlock hadn’t wanted to know everything there was about her. Obviously.
“I said: Shut. Up.”
“I swear to-” John threatened under his breath as the door opened up to reveal a woman in her late forties dressed in a t-shirt and jeans. John plastered his friendly doctor smile on.
When he turned back, Sherlock recognized the look in his eye. It was similar to the day John had stormed into rehearsal demanding an explanation for the script notes, but this wasn’t irritation, this was… seething anger. It was fascinating to watch him struggle back into his composed self.
“What do you mean?”
Holmes just stood there, and watched Wiggins perform the routine. With a flourish, Wiggins finished the choreography, breathing a bit harder than before. He turned to Holmes with a smile.
A shy smile illuminated Sherlock’s eyes, making John’s stomach clench. They both knew he might not be conscious when John made it back.
“Damn.” John cursed as he saw two security guards on their right walking towards them. He tried to act naturally as he turned left.
“He tripped himself.”
Silence reined, all but the sound of two bodies falling to the ground.
Watson turned to him, unimpressed and very much not in the mood. “Is this why you pulled me aside?”
Watson was almost at the door when Holmes spoke.
“It won’t leave this area.”
“So tedious.”
Before Molly could add anything, another employee, a blue haired woman in her thirties, came over. Sherlock left Molly with the clerk and wandered off. He knew he could have managed alone but having Molly as a distraction made the process easier.
He looked so different as Edward, it was odd seeing him in full costume as he walked along the sidewalk to get into character.
“Definitely unexpected.” Sherlock eyed him sideways and fought against the urge to smirk. “You seemed to enjoy yourself.”
Well. He had to hand it to her. She was good.
LESTRADE
“Mortal peril is part of the job description.” Sherlock answered without looking away from the computer screens. Watson was trying his best to follow their sparing, his mind still processing the news of his new job with a boss he couldn’t stand and his apparent new partner that wanted nothing to do with him.
“Let’s just start with a few breathing exercises to get you grounded, in and out, slowly, yes, just like that. Now, let’s start with his posture.”
Only Sherlock didn’t lose focus this time, he was much too interested in knowing how John felt in his mouth.
A part of Sherlock wished John hadn’t been there. Another was pleased to see whatever had happened, whatever was still happening, seemed mutual.
Thing was, he also knew that had nothing to do with why he was unable to focus this morning.
Despicable.
“Woah.”
“Molly,” Sherlock said as way of greeting. “have you got any ears?”
“Thanks again for your help with the audition.” Holmes, no longer talking with his American accent, bent down to kiss her on the cheek.
John looked from the computer to the windows overlooking the... he wasn’t sure what to call it. The artifact storm? “So how do we fix it?”
“Don’t ask me how it works, but that’s why Mycroft recruited you. I don’t get it, only a few select people have the abilities to deal with the kind of danger artefacts can create.”
“Mrs. Carson’s going to kill Lilly Abbott in the shoot off as revenge before running off to hide in a generic tropical destination.”
“We should wait for Lestrade.”
Not good. Definitely not good.
“Heaven’s no. You know it adapts to its inhabitants."
No, you wanted. I wanted something else.
“Watson,” Ms Hooper called. “Sorry to cut in but we still have the schedule to finish going over.”
Stamford and Watson looked at one another, then turned to Holmes, unimpressed.
Captain Jones’s eyebrows rose. “Opportunity?”
Do you always need your babysitter and doctor to investigate?
Thank you for reading! Please leave kudos/comments if you enjoyed :D
John and Sherlock run down the sidewalk. They are about to cross a street when a car stops right in front of them, tires screeching, blocking their way. The driver window goes down to reveal GREG LESTRADE.
Again, I can't thank May-shepard enough for helping me sort through these two idiots feelings, and make this as angsty as I can manage within context.
“You think?” John remarked sarcastically as he swiped the sweat off his forehead.
“Ready?”
“Good lord, I’m not sure where to start.” Stamford looked at Watson, as if he would jog his memory. “There was always something. It seemed like anything could happen to slow us down.”
“Probably not.” He answered, clearing his throat. “But you still haven’t told me what bronzing is.”
“I don’t have a basis of comparison to have an opinion on.”
Let’s go idiots, we have a plane to catch.
“Sit on the bed.”
Amy frowns.
“Good to see you on set this much.”
Sherlock rolled down the window.
Sherlock blinked. “You found my website?”
?” Mycroft looked at the soldier for a moment, weighing his words carefully.
The aftermath of Holmes's jump.
Ms Hawkins took a deep breath. “The job of an actor is to portray a character in a way that makes him believable for the audience. This helps them dive into the story for the duration of the movie.”
“There’s probably nothing there.”
“Stamford,” Ms Hooper cut in. “We should start getting ready for the press conference.”
“No,” The author shook his head. “I-I based her off my mother-in-law.”
A long one, but a fun one. I had to rewrite it twice, but it was worth it.
“And then do the reverse for Jane.”
“Hey,” Holmes protested feebly.
Edward and Jane harmonised the last chorus and embraced. Watson didn’t remember mentioning it this morning, much too preoccupied by Holme’s reaction. Yet it was somehow exactly as he had pictured it. Along with the memory of their kiss in Stamford’s office, Watson found tears on his cheeks as he watched them kiss.
But it unintentionally made Sherlock want to examine further down.
Real intense.
They moved as quickly as they could through the crowds, crossed King’s street and walked down to the Market entrance.
Rosa shakes her head.
John struggled to keep his eyes from looking down to his partner’s lips, his neck, glowing in the light from the desk lamp. The black and white effect on his already porcelain skin was making him lean in, curious to see if the color could affect the taste.
Watson was starved when he got into his flat and started working on some pasta. He poured himself a drink and let the events of the night replay in his mind. He still couldn’t believe what had happened. It felt surreal, as if taken out of a movie. He had seen horrible things in his army days, enough to understand that sometimes reality surpassed fiction in indescribable ways, but tonight had felt different. As if his time in Holmes’s world had opened his eyes to what really lay under the dark corners of the city. It unveiled just how curious Watson was to see what else there was to find when you knew where to look.
“Elizabeth Taylor.”
“But doesn’t this require investigative qualifications to actually find the artefacts? I’m use to live fire, not looking for clues?”
The next moment they both dissolved into laughter.
“So, how did you end up with Stamford in Hollywood?”
“Why?”
“Did you want me to wear gloves?” Sherlock asked, holding up a pair.
“Excuse me?”
John Wished he could give him strength, wished the wound would just close up on its own, wished for blood transfusions, wished the pain would disappear, wished to hear his partner wake up with a witty comment.
Sherlock looked at him and frowned. “What? No nagging to eat breakfast before we go?”
Watson crossed his arms. “Do you seriously spend all day on set and have no idea what’s being filmed?”
“To whom?”
Lestrade crossed his arms. “Besides the fact that I could arrest you for obstruction, we can’t use a suspect as a specialist.”
“Threats are probably not the best way to start out a working relationship.” Sherlock cut him off.
Morgan suddenly turned to his right, walking towards Holmes and Ms Adler who were still standing on the sidewalk of the street set.
“Piss off.” John cursed, his eyes back on the target.
“None of that matters if you don’t care about everything you just said.”
“Everything until the barometer, then both of you coming out the back of a book store.”
“Do you recognize the symbol?”
Gina grunts in disgust. Amy rolls her eyes. Lestrade leans closer to Boyle.
I believe we have the right to remain silent.
Best friends forever.
Jake covers his phone.
“It rather looked like you were eager for more.”
Lestrade turned to Watson, who confirmed with a nod.
“Is Sherlock with you?” She asked over the sound of her footsteps.
“Yesterday,” Watson took a step closer to Holmes. “Yesterday you described Edward as
(See the end of the chapter for
When they walked out of the office, Ms Hooper smiled warmly at Lestrade, but it melted away when she saw Stamford’s frown. “Is everything all right, sir?”
“Well, in the time I’ve known you, though short, you
“I will not. You messed up and won’t admit to it.”
“Holmes!” Morgan cried. “Damnit, I knew you were too crimson for this!”
It will never be enough for these two.
Watson gave Holmes a hard look, hoping he would drop the subject.
John frowned, looked from one to the other. Something was off. He had heard enough to know that the GPS was some sort of baggage to Sherlock. So why was Mycroft smiling? Was he really just here to tease? What kind of an arsehole brother did that?
Small opened his mouth to talk.
He was lucky to get a cab at such a late hour, and his leg was grateful for it. It had started acting up more and more, and tonight was no exception.
“Hm?”  Something in John’s tone made him turn.
SHERLOCK (
Not that it’s any of your business, but how is changing my hygiene habits going to improve my chances with Amy?
Did this guy go undercover as a model or something?
“I hacked her email account.” Sherlock’s voice was casual as he cut off his partner, as if the privacy of other people concerned him as much as the colour of Mrs. Hudson’s aprons. ”She’s paying extra to get it by 2 pm today.” He finished as he reached for his coat and turned with and expecting look towards John.
“Good evening, Watson. I hope I’m not disturbing you?”
Watson tried not to look panicked. “What? No, of course not.”
“I don’t know, because Ms Adler rejected you or some bullshit.” Moriarty said with a bored tone. “I don’t CARE what the press comes up with, as long as it looks like you killed yourself.”
Anderson was getting through the routine, but not seamlessly. Wiggins still looked like and elephant dancing with a swan. The second time was better, which seemed to calm Morgan. But when they tried with the music, Anderson messed up before they even made it a quarter through, Morgan complained loudly and Stamford could feel his blood pressure increase.
“Fuck, stop, stop or this is going to be over way too fast.”
The Armor answered with intimidation, hitting his breastplate with his red leather glove as he moved into his fighting stance.
“I missed, I shouldn’t have missed.” Sherlock uttered feebly.
“What going to happen when we leave?”
“IRS.” He said convincingly. John almost let show the surprise on his face.
“And you? Did you mean it? What you wrote?” Holmes asked in return, looking just as overwhelmed.
A voice echoed menacingly. “I don’t know how you got here, but you better take to the air.”
“Do you always have this much trouble finishing a sentence? Or is it just on days after you’ve slept with a stranger?”
A disbelieving huff came out of Watson, triggering him to start breathing again.
They looked at one another.
Walking to the couch with his tea cup, he pushed the remains from last night onto the floor and sat heavily.
“You mean you’re thinking of staying?”
“Good, very good, do that again good.”
“If he wasn’t, he wouldn’t have a five-movie deal with Hitchcock.”
Holmes frowned. “What?”
“Come on,” Watson nudged. “Let’s get you sobered up.”
Holmes rolled his eyes. “I didn’t want to cross out the possibility until I had proof to think otherwise.”
Sherlock nods. Holt leaves. Jake follows him out. Sherlock joins John and Lestrade. Boyle approaches them.
“We should stop-”
“Why work as a sales clerk? Aren’t you a bit overqualified for that job?”
I’m going to miss you.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft reprimanded, a clear warning in his tone.
“Hum… Well, yes. That’s just how he is. All we can do is try and keep up.”
“Stop it.” Sherlock’s voice surprised John, a slight blush forming on his neck and cheeks, hoping that Sherlock hadn’t noticed he’d been watching him. But the agent’s eyes were still closed.
“I’m fine,” Holmes said after a beat, his tone neutral.
It all came crashing back. Sherlock finally let himself think about how he felt about John and wished they weren’t stuck in a car together. The mere thought of their relationship evolving made Sherlock’s heart soar and sink simultaneously, making him slightly nauseous as he fought to keep a straight face. He could practically feel himself tearing in half, one part longing to take the leap, the other reminding him that feelings are a distraction and a risk to the Work. They were fine as they were, this could work long term as long as it stayed platonic. There was no point in dwelling in the thought of something more any further. Sherlock pushed it back down and ignored the hollow feeling it left behind.
What he had heard tonight, what they had discussed, had affected John more than he would have thought, and in ways he didn’t want to admit to himself and certainly wasn’t going to try and deal with tonight. So John did what he had become rather good at over the years: pushed it all down and hoped that the whiskey will make him forget about it all.
John shook his head. “It’s fine, sorry I asked.”
, why are you saying
Then we’re about to--
“No!” John’s hands shot up in emphasis. “No. God, no.” The image of Sherlock’s eyes filled with hatred as he looked down and the woman came to mind. “I don’t think he would allow it.” He chuckled, to Mrs. Hudson’s relief. “No, she came about an artifact.” And John just so happened to leave out the part where Irene was flirting with him.
The already quiet room somehow became heavy with silence, before Morgan slammed the table with his hand.
Holmes scoffed while Watson smirked.
“No need to worry John; I’m handy with a sword.”
Sherlock scoffed.
Were he and John friends? Sherlock wasn’t sure. He couldn’t deny he was flattered if John considered him a friend, even though the term felt a bit underrated to describe the depth of their relationship when you took into account the number of times they had saved each other’s lives. No matter the semantics, he would be honoured to be John’s friend.
Watson rubbed the back of his neck and gave her a tight smile. “Right, right sorry, I forgot.”
“Good lad.” Stamford smiled and clapped Watson on the back as they exited the office.
“So how did you find me?”
“What do you mean?” Holmes looked genuinely confused.
“Some people like that, seeing the bruised skin afterwards. Feeling the pain for a few days after the scene.”
John opened her mouth a few times before something came out. “I said never to speak of it again.” And walked away, up to her room, and did not leave for the rest of the night.
Terry looks from Holt to Amy to Gina who are all watching him expectantly.
Holmes found himself thinking of Ms Hawkins. After all, his performance of Edward wouldn’t have been the same without her.
He’s not… interested?
Sunday. Three days from now.
” Watson muttered under his breath.
“Lily, I can’t believe you did that!”
“What did-” Lestrade started to ask when Watson cut him off.
Holmes paused. “When?”
“And figuring out the
“Which is?”
They were a couple of hundred yards away from the main entrance and John finished buttoning his shirt and coat as they walked briskly away from the station. He saw Sherlock take a look behind them, smiling slyly as he flipped his coat collar up and tucked away the artifact.
Watson huffed a laugh.
“Everything all right?”
“I know, sir, but this is only for today and tomorrow afternoon. After that, Ms Adler will be there to rehearse, right?”
What do you mean?
“With your fields of expertise, you would be an asset to the investigation. I’d be foolish not to ask.” Sherlock leaned back in the couch with what he hoped was a calm and composed face.
“I believe you haven’t been formally introduced. Captain Watson, meet my brother, Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock, Captain John Watson. Your new partner.”
“Go to the Warehouse.” Sherlock said in a deep tone as he crouched down as close to the GPS as he could. “All we need to figure out is how to activate voice command.”
“No idea.” Sherlock answered offhandedly. John snorted, making Sherlock’s eyes open suddenly. “What?” He inquired.
Sherlock did not need more incentive. She smirked and greedily pushed her tongue in as far as she could.
It seemed Sherlock’s reaction was the ideal solution to John’s problem.
Sherlock frowned. Why would John feel the need to say these things? Wouldn’t everyone take a shower before spending an evening— oh, of course, he was giving instructions, defining himself as the Dominant role. Did he expect Sherlock to reciprocate?
She fought to keep her breathing under control until she was safe in the filing room. As soon as she leaned against one of the cabinets she felt her heart in her throat.
“Yes, well. Thank you.” John said awkwardly. “Well, I guess we have a big day tomorrow, I better get to bed.” He said as he stood up, picked up both their unfinished containers and put them in the fridge. He turned to face Sherlock who was about to stand until he remembered his leg. “Oh, sorry, you can take the ice off, here, let me.” He said as he walked back to him. He took off the cold press and looked at the skin underneath, rubbing it gently to feel the inflammation. Looking up at Sherlock, he could see him leaning stiffly back in his chair, his hands gripping the arm rests tightly. “Are you alright? Does it hurt?”
“How’s the ankle?”
“Look at you.”
By the time they got to the finale number, Holmes could tell the room was sold, because he was. He slipped his hand on his thigh and was relieved to feel Watson’s fingers look for his. They tangled as many fingers as they could manage without making it obvious and watched what Holmes now considered their song.
“And I prefer it that way for now.” Watson felt his temper flare up at the secrecy, but before he could indulge his anger, the man continued speaking. “Would you like some tea and biscuits?” The man said with a quaint smile. Watson couldn’t help but look at him with disbelief. The stare that was returned brought back the memory of the threat. Taking a deep breath, Watson put his temper in check and let the man play whatever little etiquette game he wanted to play.
Watson scoffed, not sure what was happening but so angry it didn’t matter. “So that’s it then?”
So, Sherlock did not speak of it again and tried to forget about it.
“Mycroft had nothing to do with that agreement.” Sherlock said in a huff, making John’s train of thought stop.
Calm down.
“I’m sorry, dear. But, you know, artifacts are... well, you know how they are. Maybe Sherlock couldn’t catch it because he was alone. With you there, you never know...” She said with an encouraging smile.
Suddenly, Sherlock’s arm was released. She rubbed her wrist as she turned to an angry and very naked John putting the microscope back on the table. She didn’t mean to, but something red caught her attention in the corner of her eye and made her look down.
Watson was impressed, and let his smile grow when he spotted Holmes watching them in the corner of his eye. “You’re right, that is quite the story. And quite a change, from copper to security guard. Do you miss it?”
I’m in love with you.
Sherlock is struggling against Chester and gets a knee to the stomach.
Amy and Jake come out of the building and look around. There are squad cars everywhere and a few pedestrians on the sidewalk. Amy sighs in frustration.
He really didn’t leave you a note? A clue? something?
Moriarty smile widely. “You hate not knowing, don’t you?”
John woke up less disoriented the second morning in 221b. He stared at the ceiling, remembering yesterday’s events. He tried not to think about why he was in such a good mood, wondering instead what could possibly happen today.
Hey, that’s the guy who drove off. What’s he doing with Holt?
The words echoed in his mind, a vague memory of John covered in light diamond, and everything fell into place. Damn Moriarty for being so clever. Of course, the studio offered a perfect hidden entry point. They could have trucks coming in and out at any hour and no one would think twice about a studio working odd hours.
“Well, thanks.” John said as he turned to Mycroft only to find he was gone. “Yeah, that’s going to be annoying.” He commented to the empty room before running to get his coat and catching up to Sherlock who was hailing a cab.
“The first time you mean?” John explained while scratching the back of his head. Sherlock’s smile widened. “The row over, at the cell phone cover booth. I was so surprised to find it that I caught the attention of the girl working there and she reached for it. Then it actually moved back to the Elvis stand.”
“We believe she has our statue of Aphrodite’s. It was wrongfully sold to that gallery, it’s sentimental, and we would really like to have it back. We can reimburse your aunt.” Sherlock explained, looking sadly at John who was disconcerted by the sudden act he was involved in. Improvising since he had no idea what the setup was, John just went with an upset look, which wasn’t very hard to do. The man looked at them and shrugged.
“Yes, yes I’m all right,” he replied feebly, holding his head in his hands.
“You, um, you can wait here.”
It seemed as if the vein on John’s forehead was going to pop. “You are
How could Lestrade have possibly thought Sherlock’s motivations were anything other than in service of the case? He wouldn't involve just anyone in his Work, especially not a serial killer case. It was disappointing really, that Lestrade could be so small-minded. All Sherlock did was suggest that they-
John shrugged, shifting again. “It can be.”
Moving simultaneously, John checked his pulse as Sherlock headed to the window to see a man in a trench coat and hat heading down the alley.
Holmes cleared his throat. “I mean, please continue Stamford.”
“I know but…” Holmes looked at Dimmock with wide eyes and a slight pout.
The crop whistled through the air and landed in the center of his right cheek this time, the pain blooming into an intense burn.
“Oh yes. The crew was just around the corner, I could have easily spotted them, but I was too busy taking down the robber, well, actor. I felt horrible, apologised for about ten minutes, until the director came to see me. He offered me a job on the spot. Head of security on set, and consultant for fight scenes.”
“Alright.” Stamford looked around the table and smiled tightly. “Now that that’s resolved; Ms Hawkins, what’s next on the agenda?”
“In a way. But didn’t our time playing director and actor give you a taste of what we could accomplish together?”
“… Did I say the wrong line?”
Enjoy.
At every step she took, the sound of the sole pressing off the concrete, the friction from the shift in weight from one foot to the other and the slide as the foot lifted once more, was amplified for Holmes. He had never heard it in such detail, the sound so clear he didn’t even need the image.
Chester shakes his head. John slaps him.
“We caught Small searching the infirmary and just chased him into the alley,” Holmes explained as he closed the pharmacy and turned to Lestrade, who eyed the holes on his knees with a frown.
“You go with them; I’ll distract her.” Sherlock instructed to John before turning away.
John continued to defend his favorite books, even though he knew there was little chance Sherlock would let up. “Just because you can’t be bothered to relax and enjoy things once in a while doesn’t mean you have to ruin it for everyone else.”
Amy reaches for a pile of books on the left.
When the piano rang the first chords of
“Liz is here.” Her hand shot up to the side of her face and turned to Holmes. “Oh God, how do I look?”
“I’m, um, I’m going to walk.”
“What happened? Why did you let him stab you with the artifact?”
“Yes, he was looking into it with his previous partner, until...” Her eyes looked past John, her hand unconsciously making its way to her necklace. John waited patiently for her to continue. He would never admit it, but he really was curious as to what happened to Sherlock’s old teammates. It was only fair, since he knew what had happened to John’s old team. “Well, let’s just say that case lasted long enough that he chased it alone for a long time. Come to think of it, he hasn’t had a partner since... the last one, and that was... my, it was 5 years ago. Hum, that’s curious...”
How was he supposed to answer? If John could stop looking at him like that, then maybe he could
John’s attitude had changed when she came back from work the following day. Clearly, she had been complimented on her hair several times, Sherlock could tell by how she had strutted into the flat and took off her coat, flipping her hair as she greeted Sherlock. She seemed to be flipping her hair a lot now. And more smiling. Apparently, John liked the extra attention she was getting at work.
Watson headed straight for Stamford’s office instead of the rehearsal studio. He knew he wasn’t going to work on the finale. He still had no idea what this new work was going to be. All he knew was that it was still there in the back of his mind, nagging him, as if it knew something he didn’t.
“Oh. You made dinner.” Holmes noticed the candle on the table as he closed the door behind him.
“So you’re just going to cancel the movie?”
SHERLOCK
“Wrap your lips around it?”
Boyle quickly moves out of the way as Gina turns to slaps Scully.
“I personally think your American accent needs a little work.”
Stamford turned to Ms Hooper, who nodded and stepped out of the conference room. She returned a few minutes later with Holmes and a blush on her face. He had changed into a black suit with a purple shirt, the dark colour contrasting beautifully with his pale complexion. His hair, rather than being combed back, was now in curls falling around his face, accentuating his cheekbones.
“Ok, but who do you-?” John started but Sherlock cut him off.
Why was it now when he was back in London that he shopped for himself? And why would a journal catch his attention? Why in London of all places? Frowning, John turned the dark brown leather journal in his hands, his fingers touching the clasp holding it closed when his Farnsworth started ringing. He placed the journal back on the shelf, smiling briefly to the clerk and took the communication device out of his coat pocket.
“Yes, Captain.”
Sherlock felt her cheeks burning but could not stop staring. “It’s red, why is it red?”
“Did you ask her to tell you more?”
“I swear to god, if
“Yes, yes, perfect.” Stamford encouraged. “Everyone must be there. We’ll all meet back here tonight at seven thirty and we’ll take the limousine to the Cocoanut Grove together.”
“The Cocoanut Grove.”
“Sherlock!”
Sherlock bit his lip. He hadn’t expected that to come out. He’d been thinking about it, of course, but this wasn’t how he would have chosen to say something. And certainly not while getting stitches.
“No!” The author shook his gun. “My life is here now, with Lily.”
Jake gasps, hand on his chest.
“Don’t take it personally.” Holmes replied offhandedly.
“Can I help?” Holmes didn’t really want to help clean up, but it seemed like the proper thing to say.
“I don’t know. It’s an orchestra.” He described, feeling at a loss for not being able to help more.
The crew was laughing so hard Watson had to fight not to break character.
“Thanks, it’s almost weird not to be sitting in the dark anymore.”
Holmes dropped his arms and spun towards Watson. “What was he looking for?”
“You lost the auction.” John claimed smugly.
“You alright?”
“So are you,” Holmes said over Watson’s shoulder. “Doesn’t mean I can’t prove you’re out of shape,” Holmes said before letting go of his arm.
“Mhm keep going.”
They all turned to Watson, who was staring at her, shaking his head. “I-I don’t...”
The night was calm, except for the sound of their footsteps as they walked the last two blocks. Watson was grateful he now had the option to leave his cane behind. It was odd, but it was thrilling to be able to walk freely again.
Holmes gazed down at her intensely. “You were marvellous today.”
“It’s been a while since I’ve gone out dancing,” Ms Adler said as the band transitioned to the next song.
“I don’t need a partner.” Sherlock told Mycroft.
John nursed his coffee as he silently finished getting ready to go. He was too tired and aching all over to be discouraged by his partner’s social inaptitude. He just wanted to get through the day in one piece and ideally, catch that damned contraption.
“Ow!”
Jones answered. “We have a portrait of Moriarty and his associate Janine Hawkins circulating in police departments and airports across the country. We are not letting them get away so easily.”
“Strangled.”
“Oh, well. I was also hoping to run into you again.” Sherlock admitted.
“I think he’s worried she might die in the shoot out.”
“Ignaty Gryniewietsky.” Sherlock told Mycroft.
Watson looked unimpressed. Lestrade looked dumbfounded.
This was going terribly wrong. Not just because of the misunderstanding, but because of the disappointment beneath John’s anger. Sherlock was used to disappointing people, but he wasn't used to, well, caring about it.
“I’ll explain on the way to Bora Bora.” He told Lily’s at her confused expression and grabbed her hand.
Their conversation was cut short by the studio door slamming open. “I’m here!” Ms Louise announced and ran to them. “I’m here, the tramway got delayed.”
“A phone call.”
“It doesn’t count if you put the bomb onto yourself.” He argued, hitting the keyboard keys a bit more forcefully.
Seven minutes later and much thumping around, John marched down from her room with an old Uni jumper with the hood pulled over her head. She grabbed her coat and handbag and headed out.
This means that I am choosing to publish even though it hasn't gone through the established process and it will most likely be a lot easier to tell that english is not my first language, but I hope you'll still enjoy :D
“Your old partner?” John froze, his eyes on the floor. It just slipped out of his mouth. Of course he was curious, but he would have liked to ease into the subject, not blurt it out. Cringing inwardly, John looked up and watched his partner’s stone mask slip on slowly.
Sherlock stared at John as he gently cleaned him. “I never knew.”
“Technically, this is the longest
“I didn’t know.” John muttered feebly. Sherlock could see John was horrified with what the man was accusing him of.
“For that brilliant shade of pink on your arse.” John slightly scratched his nail along the skin to prove his point. “It will help with the pain.”
He watched the hostess walk up to the bar, his eyes catching with the barman’s. John didn’t know why but there was something about him, he couldn’t quite place what. Before he had the chance to figure it out, Peggy placed the tumbler in front of him and left quickly.
“Is there anything I can do to help?” He asked, wanting to feel useful.
“That was brilliant,” Ms Hawkins said with a wide smile.
BOYLE
“It would help if I knew who you are.”
“I said I was at rendez-vous, waiting for their lazy asses.”
“You know how it was at the Cocoanut Grove?”
LESTRADE
Lestrade pinched the bridge of his nose. “Any ideas on how to stop this?” His tone notably irritated at Holmes.
The Brown Derby Hollywood is a real thing (which I did not know as a Canadian), as well as Musso and Frank Grill (which is known to be popular with writers). They are both still open in Hollywood. I hope to go one day.
“Oh.”
“Unless someone touches it.”
“Drama queen.” John turned back to their fictional client before Sherlock could retort. “Ms. Abbott, we’ll take the case.”
“I knew Kotik sounded familiar. It’s Russian, it means cat, the tattoo is the symbol of a Russian terrorist group from the 19
John licked his lips. “Mad can be good.”
“Fine.” He added, shrugging into his coat.
Holmes pushed past Watson and started pacing from one end to the other of his small one bedroom flat. “I need the keys to the studio. Not that I’d need them, I’m just trying to be courteous.”
“Sticky string, manufactured by M. Undermann Novelies Corporation Laboratory by a chemical engineer. We have the original batch of 18 cans.”
Is he always so mean to you?
“What did you do?”
“If I really were a detective I never would have taken this case. It’s a four at best.” Sherlock grumbled.
SHERLOCK
“Because I was with you when you interrogated Small, she must think I’m part of some kind of internal drugs bust and thought of me as a messenger. But I’m more interested in
“Does that mean you want to keep the dancing to a minimum?” Wiggins asked.
Holmes opened his mouth to protest and shut it, took his mark and did it again. His landing was undeniably Edward-ish.
The praise made Sherlock moan, the sound muffled by his full mouth. John kept a slow rhythm, his fingers returning to Sherlock’s mouth, slipping along his spit-covered chin.
“What did he have on him?” Watson sighed. From one question to the next.
“Yes, well, if you can bother to remember to put on gloves, I think-” Sherlock didn’t get a chance to finish his sentence as John threw a paper ball at his head. He looked at John with wide eyes, genuinely surprised.
Holmes rolled his eyes. “Obviously.”
“Have you ever thought of directing?”
He fought the temptation to look back, because he knew John was there. He could feel his eyes, watching, just like the day before.
As the first rays of sun appeared on the walls and ceiling of the office around six, Watson wished he had seen Holmes’s face when he said those words. Instead all he had was a vague memory of his whispers.
“If someone did happen to find a way to do something to the GPS, they knew that once the Warehouse learned about it, we’d investigate.” This made Mycroft’s left eyebrow lift. He narrowed his eyes at his younger brother who answered by smoothing down his suit jacket and picking up his chair to sit back down at the computer. The Caretaker turned and looked at their guest gravely.
“How is it a problem?”
“Mr. Bishop? Would you mind signing this?”
“More like dozed off for a minute. How are you feeling?”
Sherlock’s dear-in-headlights look dropped. “You say that like you weren’t sure they would?”
Holmes took the offered microphone. “You could have warned me.”
“I asked him to tell me about his character: he said
“Because there’s a downside. There’s always a downside to an artefact. The gravity of it varies. Like the spinning top here, if you don’t amputate the limb, it keeps growing until it bursts.”
“So.” Watson tried to break the tension. “How are drugs linked to fraud? Or to Anderson’s death?”
I don’t know what those words mean but We can call Boyle, get him in the parking lot. If this guy comes anywhere near this place--
“I don’t mind, it’s just-”
Beautiful.
Holmes made his way to the truck on the right, closest to the fence. He walked slowly along both sides, inspecting it, before squeezing against the fence to get access to the lock on the back of the truck. Watson kept watch, but the building was dark and there was no sign of Moran.
Holmes frowned. “Takes?”
Drop the act. You were ordered not to interfere with my investigation.
I have to go.
“Excellent song choice,” Watson added and cleared his throat. “Suited your voice perfectly.”
“Why did the emergency system activate?”
“Who then?” Sherlock asked as he looked at the file.
“Good.”
LESTRADE
Fine. I’m cleared to talk to Lance Turner.
“You really are serious.”
“Thank you.” The words felt odd as they left his lips.
“Nope.”
Some part of John wished he could see this side of him more often.
Holmes crossed his arms. “You can’t use that excuse every time.”
skirt.
Sherlock cried out, his body going rigid in John’s embrace. Teeth dug deep into his muscle, just on the edge of tearing the skin. Surgical precision that sent delicious shivers through his body. John’s teeth disappeared, replaced by suction, making the pain even more vivid. Sherlock hissed and writhed in John’s arms, his cock was so hard he could burst.
“Come on, they’re waiting for you out there.”
“Not yet. You’ll be needing these.” Mycroft opened a briefcase and handed John a badge. “Your Warehouse badge. Congratulations agent Watson.”
Somehow, seeing Sherlock in shades of grey made him look even more mysterious and dangerous, causing John’s throat to only function with difficulty. His skin literally looked like porcelain, contrasting with his black hair and giving his pale eyes an eerie yet mesmerizing effect.
Holmes followed her lead, acting as if Morgan hadn’t just humiliated her in front of everyone.
So weird.
“Hey! What’s that supposed to mean?”
Listening to the job description, it sounded so easy, so boring. But Watson could feel it was more than that, and the story about the cowbell confirmed it.
“Bit overwhelmed?”
“You’re British?” Moriarty replied, mimicking his tone.
Holmes turned to Lestrade. “Any news on the blood reports?”
Sherlock fought the urge to kiss John and pulled back.
“Mycroft has a peculiar recruiting technique.” Sherlock mocked. Watson turned to look at him, and felt his brain bombard him with questions about how he disappeared in Qatar, but this job offer was the more pressing matter.
“I know what you’re about to say and the answer is no.”
“Yes.”
Watson spent the morning hunched over the piano, staring at the keys as if they had offended him. Everything he was writing was rubbish. And the more he tried, the worse it got.
John looked away and cleared his throat, mumbling something about going back to cleaning up the spilled sauce. Sherlock wondered if he had been staring again. Most likely. He lost track of time around John sometimes.
Who are you? Thelma and Louise?
They rode in silence for a few blocks before John noticed that Sherlock was deducing him.
The truck was half full of wooden crates filled with large glass containers that Holmes was currently inspecting.
On the second day after the incident, John came home with a phone number. Sherlock spotted the folded piece of paper on the desk that evening as John sorted through their take-out menus.
John looked like she was about to start shouting but instead closed her eyes and breathed deeply.
“Developed and perfected computer voice command in the late 60’s.”
Watson didn’t quite understand but didn’t want to argue. He needed space. He gently shifted from under Holmes’s head and sat up, fighting a sudden wave of nausea as he looked for his shirt.
John stood and was about to take off the pack when Sherlock stopped him. “Keep it; it’s useless against the sphere, but doesn’t mean we won’t need it on our way.”
“Shh!”
Two hours later, Sherlock found himself across the street from the store. He was smoking his second cigarette in a row, rehearsing chosen words in his head. It was a precaution, to have prepared words, to prevent himself from saying anything accidentally insulting.
“Will you stop narrating?!”
“Best idea you’ve had all night.”
“Fucking hell.” He swore as he flopped down heavily. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
Sherlock had arrived while Molly was out getting the autopsy report. They were currently kissing languorously, arms wrapped around one another. As Sherlock slipped her hand under John’s shirt, Molly understood what was happening. Understood that John wasn’t embarrassed by what had happened, but rather by what was about to happen.
Lestrade followed Holmes in, and nodded to Stamford and Watson with an apologetic look. Holmes’s British accent was back, as well as his lack of manners.
“There seems to be an underground organisation that is seeking out artefacts besides the Warehouse.”
Holmes must have noticed where he was looking because he was slowly leaning closer. Watson huffed a small laugh before flipping their position and pressing Holmes against the door one last time, kissing and wrapping his arms around him, committing as many details to memory as he could. They broke apart, and even though Watson knew he should take a step back, he took one look at Holmes’s blissful eyes and couldn’t help cupping his cheek and gently kissing him one last time.
“Well,” Watson lost himself in Holmes’s eyes. “I thought you’d enjoy the dancing.”
“What can I say, I enjoy dancing. And I get to spend all day with you.”
The comment angered Watson.
Their eyes met, and Watson nervously licked his lips, before a small smile appeared on his face. Prompted by Lestrade’s comment from earlier, Watson took notice of Holmes’s smile, or lack thereof, compared to the broad toothy grin he had plastered on for his Actor persona.
They all turned to Lestrade with wide eyes, except Holmes, who was smirking.
“What about the escape of Jimmy Morgan, aka James Moriarty?”
John seemed surprised by his question.
“That’s an understatement.” John growled, still pacing before he stopped short. “Why aren’t you more surprised that someone came back from the dead?”
“You’re no fun.” Her tone was playful as she squirmed under him. He moved quickly, trapping her wrists in one hand, the other circling her neck, making her smile falter before he pinned her down with his hips.
“This isn’t vengeance! From what I’ve learned in the past few days, this job is about protecting people. Manning is part of an organisation that puts artifacts into circulation among the general population and you expect me to sit back and do nothing about it?
“I’m not cursed anymore!”
“James Moriarty.” He smiled devilishly. “Hi.” He sang.
Cabin: room at the top of the ship where the pilot steers
“What?” John asked and patted her hair with both hands.
“I’m still testing the potency, it will probably go away on its own after a couple of washes.”
John rolled his eyes as he crossed his arms. “What did I miss?”
“Then you won’t mind actually doing some brain work now,” Holmes said with a tight smile.
Sherlock took a deep breath, fighting to keep his focus. He spotted the riding crops, the only familiar items in the room from his brief time horseback riding.
“John? What’s going on?” Neeson insisted. Shit, now he was getting suspicious. John really should have planned this.
Everything else disappeared. Nothing but the dull throb of his arse.
Wait what? Watson got married?
“Are you always this bossy?”
“Thank you.” John stood at the bottom of the stairs and looked up as the door to Mrs. Hudson’s flat closed behind her. What the hell was happening to him? His squeaking ferret brought him out of his thoughts so John put it in his cage and walked up the two flights of stairs to his new home.
Getting your head out of your ass?
There was a loud exclamation from Morgan, making them turn and watch Morgan tease Holmes, making him blush and smile.
“By tracking unusual activity.” John blinked at him. The thickness of his partner constantly amazed him.
“No, really, I was sure you were going to call me if it moved.”
“Point taken.”
Watson’s eyes widened. He’d never fantasised about kissing a man. He’d thought about doing many sinful things to a man, but not kissing. In fact, Watson hadn’t fantasised about a man since his first year after being discharged, back when he was still in London. It had been an easy itch to scratch in the army. Quick, discreet, no strings attached. Because that’s all it was, a bit of fun.
“Yes.”
“Thank you, that’s very kind of you.” John told her.
“You’re lucky to have Ms Adler as your dance partner.”
“We look at the facts.”
“Unless you have anything useful to say, I fail to see why you’re still here.” Sherlock told her, his tone like acid. But John could see how it amused her. It was nice having someone who understood how to deal with Sherlock. Not that John couldn’t handle him, but it was nice to get a break.
“Really?” John tried not to sound as intrigued as he was. Not that he was investigating him or anything, but his partner, as difficult as he was to work with, was a bit of an enigma to John. And he certainly wasn’t going to pass up on the opportunity to hear a story about Sherlock’s past, especially if it was embarrassing.
Anderson stepped out of his dressing room first, adjusting his cuffs. He looked good in the black and white suit, dark hair slicked back, but it was nothing compared to his mesmerizing co-star.
“Showing off, is that what get’s you off? What am I saying, of course it does. But something’s different.” She paused, her eyes flicking from Sherlock to John.  “Is it John?”
Holmes broke the silence. “I am going to need access to Anderson’s body.”
Watson’s breath caught, and he wished so very much that they weren’t the centre of attention in the middle of a very posh restaurant.
She smiled, eying him through her eyelashes. “I hear you’re the best gumshoe in town.”
“I hope you’re just as fast.” John added as he surveyed their surroundings. Rolling his eyes, Sherlock finished working the lock. He stood up to put the tools away and John opened the door.
“Doctor Watson,” Sherlock corrected, “is a BDSM specialist.”
With one last squeeze, John released his hand and ran towards what had started it all.
He chuckled, silently put down his things and grabbed a copy. It wasn’t long until he sat down to read, engrossed. A few minutes later, Ms Hooper walked in with coffee. Stamford quickly signalled towards the couch. She smiled fondly, and tiptoed over to hand Stamford his mug and nodded to the scripts.
I like Jake’s shirt.
What is?
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes. “Please, we both know you won’t leave.”
I want to thank again @novemberhish for the prompt, and the wonderful @may-Shepard for adding that little detail (make it a musical!) that made me go OMG I MUST WRITE THE THING RIGHT NOW.
“John?”
Sherlock stroked a few more times before pausing. “Fascinating.” She whispered before plastering her tongue against John’s clitoris, her nose lost in red hair.
“Maybe not, but the emotions behind those songs are real,” Holmes continued. “Honestly, I’m surprised I have to explain this to you.”
Wait, that sounded like it came from--
Amy tightens her hold on Jake’s arm and steers him to a display of old coins.
John’s loving look somehow managed to intensify. It motivated Sherlock to finish his glass of wine.
“Ok. So are you going through the CCTV footage?”
I get it, the whole mysterious look with his cheekbones and perfect hair.
The room went silent. Stamford, Ms Hooper and Ms Hawkins were worried they were about to witness a murder.
“Me. I know nothing.”
“On paper, we don’t exist. The Warehouse is hidden from the public because it could cause riots, theft, or the worst case scenario: someone tries to take over the world. So everything we do goes unrecognised. We are for all intensive purposes exiled from society even though we live in the middle of London.”
They stood there a moment, staring at each other in the entrance hall growing more and more crowded. The sounds of the shops preparing for the work day filled the silence between them.
And odd seemed to be the ongoing theme here. One case. Just get through one case and go back to the team. He should really call Neeson. He never had gotten around to calling him back yesterday, had just reached for the whiskey. Oh, how a whiskey would be good right about now. He wondered if Sherlock would mind. Hadn’t he said something about knowing about his drinking in Qatar? John chose to ignore his longing and was grateful to be holding a teacup at that moment.
Stamford chuckled. “Flirting never hurts.” And patted him on the back.
What are you two doing on this side of the pond?
Sherlock had to admit the man knew how to make a dramatic entrance.
“We might need to fight off some of Holmes’s as well.” Ms Adler nodded towards the group of women straining their necks to look over to Holmes.
“He deserved it.”
You know what I--Never mind. Let’s go.
Text me if there’s anything, yeah?
I meant what I said last night.
They arrived at the bottom of the steps and Lestrade turned right. It was a long straight stretch to the studio door, where they could see no one waiting for them, and the studio door was ajar.
Sherlock felt himself blush when John’s eyes met his.
“Yes. That.” John replied with a content smile.
Seconds stretched as Sherlock waited, the anticipation of John’s decision the sole focus of his attention. Suddenly, John raised his chin, straightened his back, lowered his shoulders, and with the ease that only came with years of training and experience, marched to the door.
“Just get it done.” Sherlock spat before hanging up.
Boyle starts the car.
“Plebeian?” Moriarty offered.
Sherlock didn’t want to risk having Lestrade change his mind, so he kept his mouth shut.
“Visual aid,” Holmes explained.
John stirred, managing to push himself off Sherlock and lie down on the bed next to him.
I’ll catch up with you two later.
“Come on.” Sherlock said as he walked towards the storage, his coat swinging behind him. John followed him, irritated that Sherlock wasn’t acknowledging he was right. They walked slowly to the locker section, with Sherlock looking everywhere, the floor, the ceiling, the surrounding area. John looked up at the cameras, taking note of what they could see. Sherlock had been right: Going through all the footage without an exact time frame was going to take a while.
“Ready?”
It’s a barge.
but didn’t think it appropriate. “This difficult to work with?”
Holmes rather enjoyed watching Watson’s cheeks become a lovely tinge of pink.
Holmes face fell. “Oh God they’re all like this?” He turned to Stamford and Lestrade, who both shrugged.
“So what’s the other possibility?”
“So, what are you saying? I’m a bomb now?”
“I wouldn’t know.”
“Kind of like the GPS, they’re mischievous. I could tell you stories, but this isn’t really the best time.”
“You’re obviously regretting last night, no need to hide it, I’ll leave.”
“Nothing.” Watson replied quickly.
The master of ceremony took the stage, but Watson barely took notice of it.
Either way, John spoke with a clenched jaw, concerned what would come out if it wasn’t. “He’s grieving you bloody machine.”
Sherlock found himself disappointed. He had come to associate pain as an enjoyable thing if John was involved. Although stitches were unlikely to produce the same effects as a spanking. Sherlock’s disappointment dissolved when John leaned in close and started working. So very close. He could feel John’s breath tickle his nose, and his mouth was in front of Sherlock’s eyes. He licked his lips. Sherlock found himself doing the same, his hands gripping the couch cushion tightly. To distract himself from his growing arousal, Sherlock started rambling.
Holmes looked up at Ms Hawkins with wide eyes, and before he could think of what to say, he felt his mind go hazy. “What’s...?” He sniffed the paper and recognized the smell. “No, oh no.”
“The dancing, sir.”
Yeah, let’s go.
BOYLE
Sherlock narrows his eyes.
How could you possibly know that?
“Damn it, what happened to things going smoothly?!” Rogers screamed over the live fire.
“Limbs, organs.”
Sherlock turned his head slightly and frowned. “What?”
Lestrade pursed his lips. “Knowing Holmes? Definitely not good.” He straightened and opened the door. “Ms Hooper, please call Holmes’s hotel and insist they go check his room and see if he’s there.”
Sherlock watches John and Rosa, jaw clenched. Rosa’s smile disappears when she sees Amy’s car. Rosa says something. John turns. His smile fades into a tight line. Rosa says something again. John nods. Amy parks next to Rosa’s car. Rosa and Sherlock roll down their windows.
“Obviously.”
LESTRADE
He wasn’t sure if it was the direct insult to his aptitudes as an agent or if he was just done with Sherlock’s endless game of keeping him in the dark, but John snapped.
“For fuck’s sake.” There was always something else.
Holmes faced himself in the mirror, back straight, arms at his side.
She took one step forward, unsure, but she already knew she wouldn’t turn away. She had walked through the door; how could she turn away now? Just the idea of seeing John come undone, with how reactive she had been since Molly had been privy to the sight, the memory of her and the sounds she would make as she orgasmed under Sherlock’s touch, under
“I, uh, should warn you,” Lestrade started to say, “my colleague, he wasn’t an officer for Scotland Yard. He was an outside consultant.”
You still gonna try and steal Lestrade’s shirt?
With a pleased smile, John joined his partner along the table, both sets of eyes on the artifact.
He closed his eyes and shook his head. When he opened them again, John was dumbstruck.
“That’s not what I said.” He denied.
Gently, Sherlock moved her hands towards John’s robe. She folded it open neatly, like any other sheet covered experiment, enough to reveal the dark red hair.
See what?
“Ordered? How?”
SHERLOCK
“Stamford, to what do I owe the pleasure?” Ms Adler was lounging in the large armchair she had insisted on fitting into her tiny dressing room.
The street was deserted and dark, except for a light post every now and then. The cab slowed at the corner and dropped them off before driving off into the night. This was an industrial area, so every building up and down the street was a company, mostly manufacturing, which meant everything was empty. Everyone had gone home for the night, which meant Holmes and Watson could walk freely in the streets without being seen. But they kept to the shadows as a precaution.
“Try covering it with this.” Sherlock said as he started to take off his coat and unbutton his shirt.
Stamford’s eyes widened before he spoke in a menacing tone. “Lestrade, things are bad enough as it is. I don’t need a bloody murder on top of it all.”
He spoke with the woman behind the counter first. She was one of the owners, and obviously not a suspect given her arthritis. While he listened to her talk about the history of the shop, Sherlock managed to spot the shift schedule behind the counter. The shop had at least six employees.
“Choose option.” The computer voice said before beeping. Sherlock’s eyes scanned the screen.
“Eight, Captain.”
Watson sipped his coffee as he tried not to look at Ms Hawkins bring Morgan a script.
You need eyes on the museum 24/7, which you can't do with just two people.
Amy’s eyes widens at Rosa's words. John eyes Sherlock.
“No, don’t worry.”
There was no one suspicious inside--
“No. No, it’s... fine.”
Was that violin he was hearing?
Next is Diaz and Watson.
“Have a safe trip to the United States. And do keep me informed this time.” Mycroft told them before vanishing.
Even with his earpiece, Captain John Watson could barely hear Talley, their commanding officer, over the roar of the plane engine. As soon as they were done going over the Intel for the infiltration mission, the special ops team would parachute out of the plane 20 miles away from the research facility. Once they hid their parachutes, they would take a truck that would be waiting for them to drive to the cliff overlooking the target area, approximately 2 miles south-east. From there, Talley would monitor them from the van, the rest would continue on foot to the south east corner of the building.
“When I’m not saving your arse you mean?” Sherlock teased.
“How was I supposed to know it was going to make me listen to music in my head?” John grumbled innocently, a smile tugging at his lips as he walked over to the shelf where he had seen the clock.
John continued to pace the office as Sherlock tapped on the keyboard. Well, he saw him tap; he couldn’t actually hear it.
Oh god. There was no way John missed that slip.
Ms Adler chuckled. “
“Maybe not right now. But please be careful with what you say, your persona is working well. Try to wait until after the premiere to make enemies, all right?”
John scoffed. “Is that so?”
“Office.”
“But doesn't it have a down side?” He insisted, his mind struggling to understand.
are your best chance.”
The fog on their left caught John’s attention. “Hey Sherlock?”
“Bullshit. You read my file.”
“Of course,” Holmes replied, grateful to see the waiter arriving with their drinks.
Watson looked from his whiskey to Lestrade. “You sure Stamford is paying?”
“No, but I have a no alarm
“It’s true. I may be an old woman but I’m not blind; he likes you.” John blinked at his landlady, at a loss for words.
Watson pursed his lips. “That’s uh, because they’re not going to launder money.”
“This is the last time I let you jump over anything ever again, you understand me?” Morgan chastised him.
Stamford begged Ms Hooper closer. “Can we get something for nerves?”
“I’m amending my no talking rule. You can say ‘Yes, Captain’ as often as you want.”
“What is it?”
Boyle looks at Lestrade.
“Hands and knees, facing the headboard.”
“Nope.”
As they settled into their seats, Holmes took place in the middle of the sound stage. The bright lights revealed the light sheen of sweat at his temples. He took a deep breath, cleared his throat, rolled his shoulders, and grounded himself.
“I-” Sherlock started to say but nothing followed.
Sherlock is standing next to John in front of the main entrance.
“Christ. Have you ever tried not to think about a pink rhinoceros?”
“Are you all right?” Holmes asked gently.
She really should look away, not peer through the wired glass and watch Sherlock kiss her way along John’s jaw and trap her ear lobe with her teeth.
Amy is probably keeping him busy.
“This is their third time doing it. They’ve gotten really good at it.” Watson smiled as he watched the crew move like an ant farm. “But you did spend a lot of time fixing your hair.”
“Oh.” John felt he should say something, anything about the previous evening, but his head was a mess. He knew this was Sherlock’s way of apologising. Well, maybe not apologising, but at least it was some sort of gesture to... make things better? John didn’t know anymore, and he certainly wasn’t going to figure it out at this moment. “Well, thanks anyway.”
“Bit of Waltz, nothing fancy.”
“This emergency system is the worst!” He criticised as he hit enter.
“No, I can’t take artifacts back to the flat.” Sherlock explained as he waved down a cab.
“Warehouse 13?” Why did they just jump from the barometer to a warehouse? The man made less and less sense. “No, not to my recollection.”
When the man ran past the alley they had just cut through, Sherlock sprang out and tackled him. John caught up and saw them struggling on the ground. Sherlock was still holding the knife. The man knocked it out of his hand onto the sidewalk. As John moved to get it, the man kicked his legs and tripped him. Before the soldier he knew it, he was on the ground, seeing Sherlock get an elbow to the face and the man crawling to grab the knife.
“Thanks,” Watson managed to say.
“Right. Of course. Or as much sense as its going to make considering we’re talking about an artifact.” John mused. “Um, who’s Raj Reddy?”
Damn it.
John could see her pupils dilating, her lips parting lightly as a breath escaped her. The soldier, as lustful as he was at the moment, figured she was taken over by the sensation of power the crop gives over the victim. But something told him she was imagining its use in a different setting. John felt himself react to not only the vision of this woman showing signs of arousal, but to what his own imagination was providing.
They did the shot once more and Watson managed to focus on what was happening. Jane was helping customers and manning the cash register, but once the bakery went quiet, her practiced smile faded, and she stared out the window with a heavy-hearted look.
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”
“Animal smuggling.” Molly managed to answer even though her throat wasn’t cooperative.
Watson let go of Holmes’s wrists to cup his neck and jaw while his other hand wrapped around his slim waist, needing to feel Holmes’s body against his. Holmes mimicked him, sliding his now free arms around Watson’s back, arching under him as their kiss deepened.
Sherlock took a deep breath. It was too late now, might as well show off before John kicked him out for solicitation.
But it would not have been possible without the following AWESOME people:
“I thought it was the music in the shop. And then between chasing a man down the streets, getting stabbed and transformed into glass, hearing orchestra music wasn’t really my priority.”
“Really? Of all the things you’ve encountered over the years, its Mrs. Hudson you fear?” John teased.
Holmes paused a beat, and Watson smirked at the dramatic effect in the silent room. Holmes really was quite a showman.
Holmes frowned.
It was squeezed between the feet of a life size sculpture of Elvis and a gray tool box in the far corner. He rolled his eyes. This GPS definitely liked to play games. It had chosen the only spot where it could blend in properly. It’s gray 90s plastic bulky shape stood out from all of the 50’s memorabilia once you noticed it. Smiling, John turned back towards Sherlock.
“I get it.”
“Are you okay?” Holmes asked.
“Put what into play?”
Boyle hangs up with dispatch.
Holmes raised an inquisitive eyebrow.
“Enter coordinates.”
“Where did you and your team come in?” he asked as he approached his phone to the keypad.
Holmes shook his head, but he had a look in his eye, as if he was thinking about something else. By the way he licked his lips, Watson guessed what it could be.
Holt walks past them and hears Gina’s last line.
Sherlock?
Holmes offered his arm to Ms Adler, and they made their way to their marks on the sound stage.
“Thank you everyone, thank you,” Stamford said. “We’ll be taking questions now.”
“Yes.” He admitted without hesitating, getting a small reaction from his partner. “She told me to ask you.”
Basically, what I’m trying to say is: GOD DAMN I CANNOT WAIT TO WORK ON THE NEXT ONE.
John was heavy against Molly, but Molly didn’t dare move her, willing their bubble of lust to last as long as possible. Her eyes met Sherlock’s and she bit her lip when she noticed the wetness across Sherlock’s full lips, how it shimmered on her chin and down her long pale neck. Felt her breath catch as Sherlock’s tongue slipped out to taste, then sucked in her lower lip and hummed.
That night, after having patiently listened to Stamford rave about Holmes audition, Watson went home with his head buzzing.
“Joh-”
John cleared her throat, triggering Sherlock out of her train of thought and to work. Since she couldn’t keep a sample, she brushed John’s hair with her fingers to catalogue the texture change until John told her to move it along. She applied the colour with unbarring meticulousness and then spent a bit more than strictly required massaging the colour in, which seemed to help John calm down. John took another shower to rinse out the dye and then took an ungodly amount of time drying her hair.
SHERLOCK
“How do you like being and agent so far?” Her sultry voice filtered through John’s thoughts, morphing them into a territory that had not been tapped into for a long while.
“I’m not shy. I want to know
John cut him off again, knowing this was most likely another rehearsed bit. “I get why you didn’t want to speculate about Manning, but why not talk to me about the GPS? Is it because it involves... Irene Adler?”
Yeah, that is not good.
The look on his face spoke before he could.
“Don’t touch the bombs.” The man said as he tapped a code into the keypad. John’s eyebrows shot up as he stepped away from the glass compartment he was looking at. The steel door opened loudly to reveal a large room that looked like an office had been taken over by a living room. There was a large desk with a computer, several screens and other devices. He had absolutely no clue what they were or what they could be used for. Bookshelves covered every wall, a coffee table surrounded by three leather sitting chairs, a table with what seemed like a chemistry set. Every surface was covered with clutter; papers, half empty teacups, files, pictures, books, and several objects which, when he looked closer, seemed out of place. Like the ancient looking helmet in a glass case on the bookshelf. “After you, Captain Watson.” Said the man. The army doctor realised he had been standing in place for a moment now, staring at the room.
