The officer gave a charming smile. "Don't worry about it Mr. Watson. Happens all the time. Teenagers get pissed off about something stupid and decide to run away, we find 'em and bring 'em home. It's what we do."
"The books. Do you have them with you?"
But the rest of Mycroft's sentence was both cut off and forgotten when Greg smashed his mouth against his, the force of the motion nearly knocking both boys to the floor.
John did, but what he didn't understand was why Sherlock was reassuring him of this. And when had they gotten so close? Their faces were only inches apart. John could almost taste the tea on Sherlock's breath.
He looked around frantically for something familiar, feeling like a little boy who lost his mum in a supermarket.
Although their original bully, Viktor, did lay off them once football season began (John had nearly been laughed out of tryouts) many other students who hated Sherlock carried on the morning tradition of dumping John's breakfast on his head.
Sherlock sat up much too quickly, giving himself a head rush as he threw the blankets off himself. He remained on his mattress for a few seconds, waiting for his dizziness to subside. But wait a second....
John and Sherlock's detention was just as Sherlock had predicted it to be: The boys copied the sentence
Though it took his vision a moment to adjust (it didn't help that he was lying on his stomach, so that half his face was pressed into his pillow), the outline of his best friend sitting in a chair by his bedside became clear almost immediately, the rest of his surroundings but a shadowy silhouette in the background.
"Nothing, I swear!" John cried, glad that he was being honest. "They were all preoccupied with something else. I wouldn't have even gotten the chance."
"You didn't give him these bruises?"
"I thought you already had a plan," Sebastian mumbled through the bag of ice Irene was pressing (a bit too firmly) to his face. "Although, I guess it won't work anymore, will it?"
"Also, there were several things wrong with that statement."
"On the contrary," Sherlock retorted just as quietly, "I am quite probably the most honest person in this room."
"Great, you're catching on," Mycroft said. He stood up and made to grab his coat. He didn't need to take this; he could use a cigarette anyway. Of course, he would have to get past the newly-instated security system, but he was confident this would only take a moment. Child's play, those systems always were.
"It wasn't my fault," Mycroft argued, ignoring Molly's question as he picked himself up off the ground. "They were interrogating me-"
Viktor mumbled a halfhearted apology before lumbering away.
Turns out, he didn't need to. Without warning, Irene climbed on top of Sherlock and straddled him, causing her tiny dress to ride up to hip level and exposing her black thong. He was incredibly glad that the room was dim enough that she couldn't see his intense blush. She kissed him with even greater force than she had earlier.
Mycroft relaxed and laughed nervously. "You're not going to guess it, Lestrade, but thanks for trying."
But there it was, on the ground beside the bureau: a bloodied 9mm bullet that had clearly found its exit wound.
"I am," Mycroft lied, shaking out his hand as if to rid it of the touch that was no longer there. "Unlike you, I do not waste time wallowing in pitiful emotions when there is a bigger picture to be analyzed."
"BOTH OF YOU!" Dixon's booming voice silenced the last of the laughter. Sherlock stood up, preparing to argue John's innocence to the death.
As soon as he was alone, Jim's demeanor changed from smooth and composed to irritated and utterly defeated. He slumped down in his seat, staring at his oldest file of Sherlock Holmes.
"....Oh."
"Not a chance," said Mycroft. He picked up his umbrella from where he had dropped it on the ground and opened the door to leave. "Don't you dare follow me Greg Lestrade."
"Oh, suck it up!" Jim yelled at him. And they retreated down the stairwell, leaving the Holmes brothers on the roof.
Sherlock couldn't remember the last time he'd had an actual conversation with Mycroft that didn't end negatively. Even before they had gotten arrested, their relationship had been falling apart for quite some time. This saddened Sherlock in a way, so even though his brother's presence still irked him at the moment, he didn't want to say anything that would turn their civil smoking session into a fight.
His breathy announcement ended with more static, and the loud
"Mycroft?"
Sherlock had said to him that night.
Just then, John returned with their supplies. "What who's up to?"
Mycroft took exactly one step forward.
"Can you prove it?"
"For Christ's sake, will you both just listen to me?!" Irene snapped at last, even holding up her hands defensively. "We are really not as screwed as you think!"
"I can fucking try!" He screamed back, running to tackle him once again.
"John, we're going to be late-"
Sighing, Greg stood up from his own bed to join Mycroft at his. The latter boy tried desperately to ignore how his heart sped up at the increased proximity. And even more so when Greg took hold of his hand.
"You....you shouldn't be awake," said Irene, sounding, Sherlock noticed, somewhat panicky.
The other man laughed and nodded in agreement. "I can't wait to wipe that smug grin off his stupid face!"
"Speaking of the plan-" Sebastian piped up, shoving Irene's hand away from his face, "what are we supposed to do next? You know, since the murder thing didn't work out-"
"Well, it's obvious, isn't it?" Greg said, scaring Mycroft slightly with how calm he was being. "You've got to kill Moriarty. Just find out where his dorm is and shoot him. You've got a gun, don't you?"
shutting me out again," Molly muttered. She banged on the door loudly. "What are you doing in there?!"
Yet another word Sherlock never thought he'd be fond of. It seemed to fit his friend so well though.
Instead, Sherlock cocked it put the barrel right up against her head. "How about you tell me or I'll blow your fucking brains out?"
, Mycroft thought, so full of contempt for himself that he was nearly unable to contain a derisive laugh. But he was right outside his dorm room by now, and any urge to even mock himself was washed away by a wave of anxiety.
Irene pulled Sherlock down onto the leather sofa nearby. Beside it there was an end table with a small digital clock, along with extra alcohol and plastic cups. Irene immediately poured herself a drink. She offered Sherlock one as well, but of course he declined.
John looked up, and saw that Sherlock's cloudy irises were full of kindness and understanding, and...possibly something else. "This isn't real," he whispered. "Anything that happens between Irene and myself tonight is
Viktor was staring at him in awe, subconsciously nodding along with the explanation, but still Harvey had eyes only for Sherlock. "....interesting. Very specific. You seem to have given much thought to this explanation."
"I hate you," he said, with a fury Sherlock had never heard from his brother before. "I fucking
Mycroft nodded to John. "Mycroft Holmes. Pleased to meet you."
"I will not! Molly, I know you well enough by now to know that you take pride in your work. You would
Greg shrugged. "My dad's a police officer. I've kind of become immune to the subject of murder. Besides," he said, smiling like an idiot, "I still think it's cool that my roommate works for the secret service. This is, like, the most interesting thing that has ever happened to me. Hey, do you think I could help you out on a job sometime?!"
Sherlock answered immediately.
Noting that Molly was about to explode with frustration, John turned to fill her in on what little he knew about Mycroft. "Apparently his brother is in some kind of secret service involving international communications, or something," he explained, rather lamely.
"Okay, because I was wondering," Seb remarked curiously, sitting up in his bed. "I know it's more part of your job than mine, but where exactly does the Lestrade kid come into play?"
Molly sighed. "It's in the third drawer of my desk. Just please be sure to put it back when you're done-"
"Because of the drugs," Mycroft said. "Yeah, I figured as much."
Finally, after what felt like years of tossing and turning, trying to fall asleep, John couldn't take it anymore. He sat up and turned on the lamp. "Sherlock, I know you don't like me to disturb you while you're in your mind palace, but you've been sitting like that for hours. You need to eat or sleep or at least
Gavin stared at Mycroft, and looked for a second like he would snap back at him. But then, to Mycroft's surprise, he sighed and nodded.
Sebastian could hardly believe his ears. Jim really blamed
"Oh, don't you worry about him," Jim responded, mysteriously. "You'll find out soon enough. For now, you just focus on your responsibilities. I've got mine all under control."
And with that, Greg threw open the door and ran.
"What do you think it means, Greg?" Mycroft growled. "I overheard his plans. He's going to kill me."
"On my life."
"But class starts in five minutes," said Molly.
"Where were you during your last Behavioral Corrections class?"  Harvey demanded, randomly.
Sherlock shook the memory out of his head, and took the last drag from his cigarette before throwing the remaining fragment out the window and shutting it. He then proceeded to unpack his belongings.
Mycroft laughed out loud and passed Greg his French notes, forgetting for a moment that he had ever found the boy annoying.
John's father looked relieved, but wasn't fuming any less. He glanced at the brochure still in his hand. "Well, you're going to this school!" He yelled.
. So irrelevant. Is that all you ever did?"
Mycroft ignored him, trying to think through his anxiety.
When they reached the second floor and turned left, Molly suddenly jerked away. "I can't be here," she said. "It's the boys' wing-"
But suddenly, Sherlock wished he wouldn't. He wasn't sure why, but he found himself wanting to talk to him more. To find out more about his mysterious personality.
"Yes," Seb responded proudly. "Anyone with half a brain cell would accuse Sherlock at the sight of the scene I left."
be. Mycroft Holmes did not lose.
John's heart sped up so dramatically, he feared it might burst out of his chest. "Y-yes?"
"Oh, man up. It's not even broken."
But all Sherlock had to say was, "It's all apart of Moriarty's game, John. Just relax and let me do the talking."
"Yes, that sounds about right."
here there would be hell to pay.
Irene smirked. "Touché."
He was not eager to see which one he wore now. Still, he had to see him eventually, so Mycroft took a deep breath and opened the door.
Molly nodded, obviously wishing to say something comforting, but was forced to turn forward in her seat when the bell rang.
"You're kind of a prick. I think you
For a split second, all molecular motion seemed to cease. Mycroft swore that he could hear Greg's heartbeat behind him, even through the pounding of his own.
He grabbed the trash bag with his supplies in it. He double checked, then
Of course, Sherlock ignored them. His previous shock from being forcibly made out with seemed to have vanished, though. Still grinning, Sherlock tossed his coat aside and went into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.
By the time the men from his unit arrived and negotiated a peaceful deal with the Moriarty family, Mycroft had managed to go his entire interrogation without letting a single secret slip, instead having told Jim everything there was to know about his little brother.
"Oh," John said, not sure what else to say to that. He knew all too well what it was like to be beaten up often, only for him it was usually because he was poor.
"Every class here is remedial, Sherlock," Mycroft muttered, obviously angry about this as well. "They don't offer Advanced Physics."
"YOU WERE!!!" Sherlock shoved him forcefully. He wasn't just angry, he was the most angry Mycroft had ever seen him. More angry than the night Mycroft had told him he regretted his existence. More angry than when he had found out Mycroft had betrayed his secrets to Moriarty. Even more angry than that day by the tin shed, during a storm much like this one, when the two of them had wrestled in the mud for hours out of fury at each other, and screamed those hateful things.
All desire to have a smoke forgotten, Sherlock turned frantically and raced back to his dorm.
Mycroft hesitated before shaking his head no.
Dixon narrowed his eyes. "Why? Got more innocent students to send to the hospital?"
Mycroft cried out in anguish, picking up a chair and throwing it against the wall, where it snapped. The weight of it formed a dent in the paint.
"I'm afraid that's classified information."
John raised his eyebrows. "That's a thing?" he asked, skeptically.
Jim strolled into his dorm feeling positively elated. He tossed the night security guard's key chain into the air with joy and caught it easily in his other hand. Never mind Irene's annoying sense of entitlement; in this moment, he was grateful that he had her. It was thanks to her manipulation capabilities that this key chain was in his possession, giving him the power to open any door in the building. Most recently, the door to the power room on the first floor.
__________________________
"Alright, alright keep your pants on," Greg said with his familiar crooked smile. "You just need to relax. It's healthy to skip class every now and then, particularly when you're a teenaged assassin."
to him at first, but now he was confused. He
John couldn't believe that she would even ask, but Sherlock didn't seem offended.
"Do you hear that?" He remarked.
Mycroft could read lips effortlessly, but even if he couldn't it would not have been difficult to deduce what the man was saying to the officers.
"Yes you are," she insisted. "And so is Sherlock. Believe me, my gaydar is excellent."
"Will both of you shut up!" Jim Moriarty yelled at his partners. He was quite sick of their constant bickering. "I'm trying to think!" He then leaned back on his bed and resumed his contemplating. What to do next....
beat him up!"
"No shit," said Mycroft, grinning.
Pocketing his weapon, Jim went back to helping Irene lift Sebastian. He jostled his partner's legs carelessly as he lifted them, causing Sebastian to cry out.
"Getting into trouble this soon in the school year, Sherlock?" Mycroft remarked to him, taking a seat behind and to the right of his brother, so that they were diagonal (the better to keep an eye on him).
___________________________
John blushed and mumbled a thank you. Great. He hadn't been at this school for five minutes and he'd already embarrassed himself. He could hardly wait to see what the rest of his day would be like.
"Um," said John, turning to Sherlock.
"For the last time," Jim sighed. "We are
Excited with his progress, he quietly moved into a crouch and prepared to tackle her. However, his good fortune did not last. Irene must have noticed the abrupt movement in her peripheral vision, as she suddenly gasped and whirled around.
Panicking, Mycroft opened the door of the nearest supply cupboard. Thankfully, it was unlocked. He grabbed Greg by the arm and pulled him into the darkened space with him, moving the door so that they couldn't be seen, but could still see and hear what was going on in the hall.
life, the thought of which hurt Mycroft even more, and which forcibly reminded him of his oldest philosophy: that caring for others was dangerous, for them as well as himself.
"Are you....I mean, do you...I, uh," Greg sighed. "You're in chemistry, right?"
The undertone with which his dad said the last part made John gulp. He would've given anything to be back at the police station being interrogated right now.
The two boys, having planned and plotted themselves into exhaustion over the past few days, were currently relaxing in their room. Well,
When you get captured as a spy in real life, there's no fighting your captors and escaping to a nearby helicopter amidst bullets and explosions. Instead, your boss sends men to come rescue you. If
"Silence, both of you!" Harvey yelled. Then, quite calmly, he turned to Viktor. "Mr. Jacobsen, why don't you recount the story that you told me earlier?"
"I'm not saying anymore!" Molly yelled. "Just leave it! And don't you dare tell Sherlock. I don't need anyone else figuring out the truth." She shoved John aside with all her might and rushed off to class, and it wasn't until the bell rang that John shook himself out of his confusion and realized that he had to be in class as well.
"My what?"
"Shit!" He repeated, much louder. It was a bad sign that he didn't know where he was, since he knew his side of town like the back of his hand. This meant that he had been wandering aimlessly for so long that he was completely out of his territory.
"I've never met him," Sherlock's eyes seemed glazed over, like he was no longer seeing the room in front of him, and he was obviously talking to himself more than he was to Molly or John. "We come from opposite sides of the UK. I only know of him because of the news reports. How has he seen
"Yep."
The second thing he noticed was that it was still dark out, and he was still extremely tired. Had it been later in the day, or earlier that night, or basically
he pointed a shaking finger at Sherlock, who gulped- "
"Don't lie to me, I've read your journal-"
He turned to find a tall, thin man with wild blond hair and an unshaven face, who looked to be in his forties. However, the man could've been in his twenties for all Sherlock knew. Drugs tend to age people.
"Irene?" he asked first. Her job, in his opinion, had been the easiest.
let someone just steal it from you like that. Is she threatening you?"
Irene smiled as if what she was about to say amused her. Then, she leaned in close. "Because," she whispered. "You make him
"Look," their mother said, signaling that their conversation was coming to an end. "Like it or not, you boys are going to Baskerville's. Our decision is final. Now go to bed, it's nearly six in the morning for gods sake."
Well, unreadable to John anyway. But it apparently said a thousand words to Sherlock.
The door swung open. "WHAT?"
Before John could make up his mind about what to say, however, a third officer, this one female, burst into the room.
"Take a deep breath in," Miss Sandy commanded. "One...two...three. And let it out. Feel all the stress just drift away...."
John didn't know what to say. It had never even been established that
for this??
But Sherlock grabbed John's shoulders and turned him back around to face him. "John, look at me."
the villainous boy jeered, his tone one of utmost disgust. Then he laughed out loud. "Mycroft Holmes. You're telling me that you would honestly be willing to
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in suspicion. He still wasn't entirely sure whether or not he could trust this boy, however much he enjoyed his company. He decided to take the risk. "I hacked into Scotland Yard's database of unsolved case files when I was ten. I've been solving those in my spare time ever since, anonymously sending them my results, but they never take them seriously."
"Ireland..." His face showed sudden realization, and then he laughed. "Ah, yes. This does make it more interesting. You're still a dick, though," and with that he shoved Mycroft to the floor.
did this to him?" John asked in disbelief. " And wait...why should you have known?"
"She just left," said John. "And you fell asleep on the floor, which looked a bit uncomfortable, so I kind of....carried you." He blushed, clearly worried that he had crossed some sort of boundary.
Seb's entire body went cold at the news. "Fuck," he muttered. "Jim, I'm-"
"Because that part comes later," Jim said, calmly. A new plan was forming perfectly in his head as they spoke. It was beautiful, even better than the first one. "And it's not Sherlock we need to observe anymore, or even Mycroft. We need to start looking at someone who has nothing to do with either of them."
"I do trust you," said Molly, but her stern expression didn't even soften. "It's not about that. I just can't talk about it, okay? Now don't bring it up again, or....or I'll make you talk about your feelings for Sherlock!"
She wasted no time counting her reward. "Only half?"
___________________________
checked to make sure he had everything he needed
He had to walk all the way around the school and across the large courtyard behind it, trudging heavily through the wet grass in his soaked-through clothes before he reached the place. It was the small, rusty shed about a hundred meters behind the school building, where the groundskeeper kept his gardening tools. The shed itself was locked, but it's flat tin roof stretched off a few feet on all sides, providing a decent shield from the rain.
"Okay," Greg stood up suddenly and started pacing, voicing his thoughts as he did so. "You obviously can't tell me what's up, but maybe I can figure it out. From what I've gathered, you're involved in some kind of secret stuff, right?"
John felt like he was going to pass out, but no longer from exhaustion. He could practically see his carefully planned future evaporating before his eyes. What university would take someone who graduated from a school for "troubled teens"? What chance did he have of becoming a doctor now?
"Believe me," said Mycroft, enjoying Greg's muscular arms wrapped around him and hugging him back just as tightly. "I do."
? Goodness knows you bring it up every time I suggest confronting him. I think at this point, we can accept that Jim Moriarty is capable of anything."
Sherlock stirred first.
Greg stared, analyzing him. He looked as if he wanted to believe Mycroft, but was too scared of being hurt and humiliated again. "Yeah? And what were you so frustrated about that made you take it out on me?"
Sherlock shook his head, making a note to revisit Irene's answer another time. "Okay then, on to something else. What has Moriarty been planning these past few months? I want to know everything." Then, remembering that he had to keep Irene's interest if he wanted answers, Sherlock slipped his arm over her shoulders. "Can you tell me?"
Once he finished planning his night practically down to the second, Sherlock Holmes set off to meet his drug dealer.
....anyway, apparently he was ecstatic when he found out that I was here as well. He wanted my attention immediately. Yes, Molly, he was definitely about to murder you today. You're quite lucky that friend of his wanted to have his fun first. But you needn't worry, as your life is no longer in danger. You see, the murder was just his plan to get my attention."
They were mostly quiet until they reached their dorm, having left from their last class of the day. It was there that John broke the silence. "Hey, so I've been wondering....what exactly are you here for? I mean, it's fine if you don't want to answer, but you already know so much about me and....well, I don't know anything about you. Except that you tend to piss people off."
As soon as he came out again, Greg said, "Hey Myc, can I ask you something?"
"You're going to this school! And that's FINAL!" His father finished off his ranting with a final kick, this time to John's face, before storming out of the room.
Another quiet rumble, and a brief flash in the distance. Maybe if he opened his umbrella, the lightening would find him and strike him down.
"Greg," whispered Mycroft, his first word to the boy since all the awful ones he had said before. His voice cracked. "We need to talk."
"Fourteen."
John smiled as he looked at Sherlock's face, first focusing on his eyes, then on his lips. He wondered what it would be like to....
He sighed, deciding that the answer was no. Not even close. "Everything," he said. It wasn't a lie, at least. "But I know that doesn't excuse what I said. Just please, Greg...please forgive me." Before he could stop it, he felt a hot tear slide down his face.
"Why not?"
"I don't hear you eating!" John shouted from his bed.
Mycroft smirked, despite himself. He hadn't been in a class with his younger brother since that year in primary school when everyone had to learn the recorder (which had taken both boys about sixty seconds). He had forgotten how much Sherlock enjoyed disrespecting teachers. It was really quite entertaining.
John froze in the middle of unpacking his clothes and turned around. Sherlock was giving him a look that radiated a mixture of pity and condescension. "Excuse me?" John asked. What the hell was this kid's problem?
"That's not the worst part, though," Sherlock continued, his eyes narrowing as he recalled the incident. "He knows who I am."
"I'm sure you are all wondering why you were called here on a Saturday morning," Harvey continued. "And I regret to inform you that the circumstances are.....quite alarming."
"NO!" someone shouted. Then Mycroft realized that actually two people had shouted: Moriarty and himself, but they were both drowned out by yet another, longer scream.
to find some?" Harvey asked with a smirk, his tone making it all too clear what he was implying.
"Most things are classified."
He checked his gun to make sure it was fully loaded. Time for the final part of Phase 2 of this brilliant plan of his.
to himself. It never made it any less true.
Sherlock lowered his phone, staring at John curiously. "
"John Watson, I swear you better drop this," Molly said through gritted teeth, her tone entering the danger zone.
Surprisingly, the bully (who's name was apparently Viktor) obliged, dropping Sherlock back into his chair. Sherlock straightened the wrinkles out of his coat, glaring up at Viktor.
"Well who is it?!" John wanted to know. But before Sherlock could answer, the intercom sounded above them:
"Molly, calm down," said Sherlock, simply. "Everything's....well, I don't want to say
"Come on, you've got to eat something. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day-"
"....Which is why, effective today, several new rules will be put into place. Additionally, some
John had to admit, he was impressed. This was probably the best performance he'd ever seen from his dad, and he'd once watched him look the landlord in the eye and swear on his life that no one in his family did drugs.
"No wonder I didn't recognize this place," John muttered, laughing to himself. He was so used to the dingy flats and crime ridden streets that came with living on the poor side. He must've wandered quite a bit away from home to be in this place.
"You have severely bruised ribs. Yet, you continue to lift heavy objects and generally treat yourself like you aren't injured. Are you sure you want to be a doctor, John? Because the fact that you seem to lack the most basic knowledge makes me wonder how you could ever manage such a profession."
They were both female. The only other sleeping breaths came from his left, and he could only deduce that they were from Molly. Though how and why she had gotten
"Okay....well, when I walked outside I turned straight into the alley, which is where I usually go. And they almost seemed to be waiting for me-"
do so with incredible ease, yet was unable to for fear of the consequences drove him absolutely mad. Which, no doubt, had been Moriarty's exact intent.
Sherlock had no choice: he kissed her back. Only this time, he kept his eyes open and looked directly towards where John was standing. The blond boy looked devastated, yet seemed physically unable to pry his eyes away from the scene. Sherlock tried desperately to communicate with his eyes that this didn't mean anything, that he wished he was doing this with John instead.
"Okay," said Greg. "Now, I'm going to get off you now. And when I do, you're not going to resume trying to crack your head open. If you want to talk, I'm here to listen. Okay?"
Meanwhile, just outside the door, Jim was grinning wider than a greedy child on Christmas morning. This....hell, finding the Holmes boys' weaknesses was already easy enough, but
Breathing heavily, John closed his eyes.
It was at that moment that the second bell rang and the burly teacher walked in. "Good morning class," his voice boomed, silencing those still talking. "I am Mr. Dixon. We're going to get started right away, but first I want to make one thing clear."
"-Been sending my own son there for the past two years. The place has worked wonders on the kid."
Mycroft wrapped Sherlock in a tight embrace, allowing his little brother to cry into his shoulder, and Sherlock hugged him back. He sobbed something that sounded like,
Mycroft had been on the roof for nearly an hour. The rain he had anticipated earlier that evening was pouring down by now, forming a thick white sheet that reduced his visibility by half. The boy was drenched and freezing, but still he held his closed umbrella tightly in front of him where he stood.
Sherlock opened his mouth.
But it was usually when Sherlock was thinking of several important things at once while talking about something quite unimportant that he had epiphanies. Like now, while they had been talking about Molly, he had simultaneously been thinking about Moriarty, his brother, and John....mostly John, though. There was hardly a time anymore when part of his mind
"No time. Moriarty has an unwilling accomplice, and we need to find out who it is before Mycroft does!"
"Not even when you were a toddler?" Greg asked, skeptically.
"-And I'll be choosing your groups."
"No!" she grunted, grappling to regain possession of the gun. "I've waited too long for this moment! I don't care what happens to you, but Mycroft Holmes must die!"
"You can't arrest me! I'm an innocent victim of my underdeveloped prefrontal cortex!"
"Oh, we're still going to murder someone," Jim said with a shark's grin, as an idea popped into his mind at that moment. "We'll just need to do a little more observation."
___________________________
, of course, but it still bothered him. And he did regret what he had said to Sherlock the other night.
That was all Mycroft could think as he typed furiously on his laptop, waiting for chemistry class to start. A few kids had given him strange looks, but he was quite used to these and was able to ignore them completely. It also helped that all of his attention was focused completely on the horrifying message his supervisor had just sent to him via coded email.
The meaning of what Sherlock was saying dawned on John first. "You think....you think they murdered him to frame you?"
Jim, who had been staring at his friend's bleeding form in silence for several moments, suddenly turned and blew up at Irene. "You had ONE fucking job!" he yelled, shoving her backwards. "ONE!! How the FUCK did he escape?"
John expected his dad to take the brochure and then carry on with his charade, but to John's surprise, his dad began to flip through it with legitimate interest.
Sherlock looked at her as well, mentally kicking himself for not having asked her that himself the moment she woke up. What kind of friend was he?
"Harry needs me," he would convince himself whenever she came stumbling home after hours of partying, with no one but John to put her to bed and make sure she didn't choke on her own vomit.
Moriarty rolled his eyes. "Well I won't have any
"My dear brother and I just had a little chat," Mycroft grumbled. "Why aren't you in class?"
"So yeah," Sherlock finished lamely at the end of it. "Moriarty and his partners retreated, and Mycroft and I carried the rest of you back here....and that's it."
"I know," John said, not at all offended. "My dad wants me to. He thinks being in a sport is a sign of manliness, or whatever. Bottom line, I've got no choice in the matter."
Humans. They were so predictable. So easily swayed.
Mycroft had already taken Greg back to their own room, but before he returned to join him he hugged Sherlock one last time. "Stay safe tonight," he told him.
"Then why are you also covered in bruises?"
The two were able to work silently for about three minutes before the door burst open, causing both their heads to snap up. Sherlock stumbled in, looking for a moment like he had just been mugged. His coat was hanging off his shoulders and his normally crisp, button up shirt was rumpled. His hair was a complete wreck, like it had been yanked violently in several places, and his face had a wild, manic look to it.
"We didn't do anything!" John interrupted. "We swear on our lives!"
"The one who-"
Molly's thoughts were interrupted when a loud THUMP outside the door disturbed the silence she had been enjoying. Frightened, Molly snapped her head up and froze. She took a moment to listen, but heard nothing else. Figuring it was just someone drunk-stumbling home from the party, Molly rolled her eyes and returned to her game.
Sherlock groaned in frustration. He brightened up a bit, however, when he noticed that Dixon was just going around the room and grouping people that sat close to each other. One of his partners would be John!
Molly grinned, taking his last statement as a confession. "Trust me, it's not. I've seen the way he looks at you. He-"
"Well you're going to have to!" Jim yelled at Sebastian, not in the mood to put up with his skeptical comments about Irene. He was nervous enough for tonight as it was. "We don't exactly have a choice."
"Come on, Myc, what's it say?"
Until, that is, he walked right smack into another person, sending them both tumbling to the ground.
"And you think sending us to this place will help us make friends?!" Sherlock yelped in disbelief.
Mycroft blushed, but tried to hide it behind a roll of his eyes and an unimpressed scoff. "Very smooth, Lestrade."
Finally, as they neared the boarding school (much to John's delight at this point), he gave John some last minute reminders.
"And now you think you're going to shut me out again? Not gonna happen!"
When John woke up to his actual alarm a few hours later, he found Sherlock dressed and lying on his bed, with his fingers steepled over his chin. His eyes were closed, but he wasn't sleeping. He looked to be in deep concentration.
"OW! Be careful!"
"You're not-"
"But that will take weeks!" Irene complained. "Why can't we just kill him tonight?"
He went down one of the unfamiliar streets with caution, not knowing what he would run into. But all John could see were houses. Lots and lots of houses. Some were enormous.
"Because the man stole your file from my boss!"
John gestured to Sherlock's desk chair, which was still pulled up beside his own from when they had been watching movies last night. And, John remembered with a smile, holding hands.
Seb interrupted him with a load, obnoxious groan. "UGGGGH. I hate her!"
Sherlock trudged into chemistry class with John the next morning, hardly able to stand upright. He had gotten even less sleep last night than he had the night before, finishing the last Harry Potter book at around 3 am and lying awake thinking for the next several hours. Also, he hadn't eaten anything since that apple John gave him over thirty hours ago, and he had eaten nothing for days before that. He refused to admit it to himself, but he honestly felt like he was about to pass out.
"Hello?" said Greg loudly, and there was a scuttling of footsteps as whoever had just been there retreated not-so-silently.
"In this weather?!" John yelled in disbelief. A loud crack of thunder sounded as if to emphasize his point.
children's novels?"
Once they were inside, John and Sherlock immediately started talking.
"Maths, but that doesn't matter! Where have you been and why the hell do you look like that?"
She nodded, her eyes closed and breathing in deeply.
"I...I didn't have a choice-"
Sherlock to go to prison," Moriarty said in a tone both fierce and finalizing. They were still out of his line of vision, but Mycroft was sure that the girl flinched at the sound of it. "I want him
"....brilliant."
Suddenly, Mycroft was on the floor, having been tackled by his muscular roommate who saw no other way of getting his attention. Greg was sitting on Mycroft's legs and had his arms pinned down above his head, leaning down so that their faces were inches apart. Mycroft fell completely silent. He even stopped breathing. Everything was erased from his mind, and he was aware of nothing except the position he and Greg were in, and what it was doing to his heart.
Back home, Mycroft was promoted by his boss and admired by his entire unit. Everyone said he was the best agent they ever had. He had survived a two hour long interrogation without spilling a single secret, even when told he was allowed. He had outsmarted the great and powerful Moriarty family with useless details about his stupid little brother!
"Do you know what
help me destroy Sherlock Holmes, and I don't want to worry about you betraying us because you've gone soft for him. You can stay professional, or you can go be a whore somewhere else!"
"No it's not," Sherlock mumbled, a whole new level of pissed now. If his nervous system was acting up before, John's touch was sending it into utter chaos.
It took Mycroft a few seconds to be embarrassed, because that's how long it took him to remember what he had said near the end of the phone call.
__________________________
"I fought with my older brother yesterday."
If only John had any friends
"But what? Do you want it to be?!"
"All I'm saying is that-"
"Which I regret very much," Mycroft said solemnly. "I have been....a horrible influence on you all these years. No fourteen-year-old should be smoking-"
"Not really, since I'm sure it's both idiotic and incorrect."
Mycroft pushed away the stupid memory and continued flipping through his book of advanced Korean syntax.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Oh come on dad, that was one time. Would you get over it already?"
"Who?" Molly and John asked simultaneously.
As much as it destroyed him inside, he had to stop caring about Greg Lestrade.
"I didn't think so. In fact, I'll bet you feel really foolish now, don't you?"
"I have English," said Sherlock, as if that was all the excuse he needed to justify being late. Before the two could say anything else he was out the door, shutting it loudly behind him.
"Molly, I'm not sure of the proper etiquette for telling someone this," Sherlock started, awkwardly, "But it appears as though you were seconds from being murdered before we showed up."
He should not have noticed. He should not have cared. He wasn't
Finally, to Sebastian's severe disappointment, Jim set the knife down. "Alright, Adler," he said, taking a seat on the edge of Sebastian's bed. "Let's hear it."
Greg scoffed dismissively, still not bothering to look in his direction. "Really? Since when? Have you finally gotten bored not having anyone to make fun of? Run out of people who can tolerate being called an idiot every five seconds, have you?"
"Careful, Hooper," Anderson warned with a grin. "The kid's vicious. Who's to say he wouldn't hit girls, too? I heard–"
John nudged him, raising his eyebrows.
! And
he want to do?
There were several seconds of silence across the roof. Jim and Irene huddled around their fallen comrade, who was crying as he slowly bled out, completely at a loss for what to do. None of their backup plans accounted for anything like this, and it wasn't as if they could just take him to the school doctor's office without questions being asked.
"As far as I can tell, he's been asked to do something he's not okay with, which is surprising when you consider that my brother has very few morals-"
"Okay....Er, where can I find that room, exactly?"
"And?" Molly urged him on. "What did it have to do with Moriarty?"
He didn't have time to wonder or care.
He attempted to send a telepathic message to Sherlock, begging his brother to be clever enough to keep himself alive.
The statement made John chuckle, his own anxiety somehow eased by the fact that Sherlock's may very well be even stronger than his. He felt inclined to help him along. "Me too," he admitted. "But I need to say something too. And I'm thinking it may be the same thing you're trying to say."
"No, but I'm sure your idiot mind will believe whatever it wants to."
"No."
"Greg,
Mycroft stopped dead, despite himself.
The rest of the class passed without further disruption, and as soon as the bell rang, John and Sherlock were called up to the teacher's desk.
Mycroft took a step back, more out of honest shock than fear. The fury in his roommate's eyes was something he had never seen before, not even when they were fighting.
The moment of hesitation on Greg's part felt like a century to Mycroft. Finally, Greg broke down and closed the distance between them with a hug. "You have no idea how much it's hurt not talking to you," he said.
Mycroft laughed in relief. His brother was still alive, he was almost positive. And if he had to go to the roof to find out for sure, then so be it.
It wasn't fair. He had just gotten Greg back, and now he was going to die?
"-And it's absolutely free-"
Sighing, John opened his eyes and sat up. "Did you sleep at all last night, Sherlock?" he asked.
"No," Molly replied instantly.
But Sherlock was already out the double doors that led outside and racing through the humidity, following the shrieks. He turned into the alley on the right of the building, and John followed to witness the same sight.
Sherlock sighed and took a bite of the apple, filing away John's suspicious concern for his health in the already-too-extensive John room in his mind palace.
When they were finally in their room, Mycroft dried his eyes. "Oh dear lord, why was that so funny?"
"Come on, you must have something!"
She then kissed Sherlock with such force that he honestly thought the breath would be sucked out of him. He flailed helplessly against the wall as she attacked him with her mouth, her hands grabbing fistfuls of his hair and her leg wrapping itself around his waist.
"Greg, why the hell are you so casual about this?!" Mycroft finally asked, sitting up in agitation.
The bell rang, signaling the end of lunch.
"I truly don't," Mycroft realized aloud. Though he at first had assumed that Greg was referring to the kiss they had shared, it occurred to him now that it could be a multitude of other things. Like the fact that Mycroft had almost died less than twenty-four hours ago, or that they were now connected to a murder investigation.
Mycroft's eyes, which were fluttering at first, became wide and alert in an instant. He almost bolted upright, his mind flooded with questions and curiosities, ready to dart to the window and start making deductions....
Mycroft thought about the body he was sure he had seen lying dead on the school grounds, and knew he was right. Together, they supported Greg's weight on their shoulders and exited the roof, finally sheltering themselves from the cruel night air. Ironically, just as the rain was finally starting to die down.
Mycroft had called Sherlock over a dozen times that morning before he finally answered.
"How....how did you-?"
"So, uh...." Sherlock began awkwardly, unsure of why the hell he was even speaking. "I suppose you expect me to apologize for....for how I, er,
Sherlock attempted to shove her away, but she kept clawing at his arm. She needed the gun. Whoever had the weapon had control in this situation. He used his height as an advantage, holding it way up out of her reach, but she wouldn't let up, going as far as to straddle his waist to reach it.
In fact, that was exactly what he'd been doing just a few hours ago: watching over his sister as she slept off whatever drugs she had taken, while listening to his parents bitching at each other downstairs, and trying to read a book at the same time.
Sherlock swung again, but Mycroft grabbed his arm and flipped him over. Sherlock got right back up, however, and ran at him, tackling him to the ground. Once he had his older brother pinned, he attacked him with both fists. He hated Mycroft. He hated every atom of every molecule of every cell in his body. He wanted him to die.
John interrupted him by grabbing the cigarette out of his hand, opening the window again briefly to throw it out, and slamming it shut once more. "When I said that, I was implying that you should
Mycroft almost followed him, but stopped himself in the doorway. What was the point? He would only make things worse.
Sherlock looked as if he was about to ask another question before he caught sight of his watch. "Well would you look at the time? John and I have got to be going." He stood up, putting his coat back on.
"Well then you'll have the honor of being my first, won't you?" Sherlock interrupted. "Don't think you can fuck with me anymore Irene, it's been a long night. Now where the hell is my brother?"
John grunted in response, not looking up from his homework, so Sherlock was able to stealthily grab his pack of cigarettes from John's dresser before slipping out the door.
Despite the rising levels of stress and anticipation, particularly in three specific dorms in the B hall of Baskerville's, three uneventful weeks passed.
"Unfortunately," they both said simultaneously.
"Kids these days have no respect for their parents," the officer said in a way that made it clear to anyone with the simplest deduction skills that this was a rehearsed speech. "However, if I may offer a solution...."
"Oh god, I can't stand inexorable females," Sherlock uttered, already typing into the browser. "John, show her out."
Sherlock turned from the dent he had made in the wall and looked surprised to find that Molly was standing there, listening attentively. "Why are you still here?" he snapped, quite rudely. "Didn't you hear me when I said your life's no longer in danger?"
Cursing, Irene bent down to quickly pick up the mess. Moriarty rolled his eyes at her clumsiness, but stopped to wait for her, and it was then that his eyes met Mycroft's.
"You made it my concern when you told him about me!" Sherlock shouted back. John had never seen him this angry. "So anything that happens to me will be YOUR fault!"
and by now the want was so strong it was almost painful. But with everything going on now....
gone to Ireland, ignored his phone buzzing with what were undoubtedly coded texts describing his next mission, went upstairs to his room, and slammed his head into the door repeatedly.
"I wished it was you!"
One Week Later
"Is it true that you beat up Viktor Jacobsen?" Asked an eager boy who stopped him and John in the hallway.
A pinkish tint taking over his pale face, Sherlock continued boldly. "When I was kissing Irene....I wished it was you."
But John wouldn't let up. "What does she have on you?"
He had to hold back a joyous cackle as he tip-toed away from the room with the sobbing boy, eager to share this latest development with Seb and Irene.
"What the hell, Sherlock?!" John yelled, marching over and slamming the window shut. "Are you trying to catch pneumonia?!"
"Process of elimination," he corrected.
Sherlock groaned. "But John, I'm so booooored."
"Why don't you ever stand up for yourself?" John asked him after the fourth or fifth time this happened. John, as always, had tried to stop them but it always happened that the bullies were a lot bigger than he was.
"Good day?" Molly asked. "What, you think I'm leaving?"
A small glint of fear finally showing through her dark eyes- much to Seb's satisfaction- Irene wasted no more time. "Most everything last night went beautifully, up until the end," she explained. "We know the boys' weaknesses, and I can still manipulate them. We can still kill Mycroft, and Sherlock can sill be framed-"
"Moriarty was clever," said Sherlock, standing up to begin his trademarked pace-while-ranting routine. "He was sure to remove everyone who could possibly have aided Mycroft tonight from the equation. And tonight was indeed about Mycroft, not me, for he had made an agreement with Irene that, in exchange for her help, Mycroft would be killed first and foremost."
"You'll get your other half when Sherlock's dead-"
"Mycroft, what the hell is wrong with you?!" Greg tried to pull him away from the door, but Mycroft just hit his head harder against it. He wanted a concussion. He wanted amnesia. He wanted to knock the genius right out of his brain so that the secret service would fire him, because apparently being a monster who sells out your family just gets you promoted in this business.
Incredibly guilty though it made him, that was Mycroft's first thought as the events of the previous night came flooding back to him. Not the tedious parts, like his almost-suicide and Jim Moriarty swearing revenge on him and his brother, no. He recalled the parts of last night that he had not already thought about enough, and which now scared him senseless. The parts involving himself and Greg.
John had no sooner turned back to the boys than Sherlock's eyes lit up with clarity. "Jim Moriarty," he said suddenly.
....this was too much.
"Yes."
"I'd rather not think about it anymore, truthfully," Sherlock replied. He sounded ancient all of a sudden, his voice weighted with a thousand worries. "I'd much rather go to bed one more time pretending that everything's going to be okay in the morning."
"Oi! Viktor!"
. He did this repeatedly, and it was just starting to work.
At around the same time that John Watson slipped out his front door with a duffle bag on his shoulder and no particular destination in mind, Sherlock Holmes climbed out of his bedroom window with a small backpack and a very specific plan.
show emotion. He was saved from having to respond, however, when he noticed sounds of commotion coming from out in the courtyard.
"Yeah I would've guessed that. He's my roommate," Greg said with a smile. "Anyway, again, sorry about Viktor. I hope once football tryouts start he won't be so easily pissed off."
John knew he should probably be creeped out, but he was honestly kind of impressed. "Wow. What else can you tell about me?"
Almost.
"How do you know that's why I'm going?"
But as much as Sherlock claimed to detest his emotions, John was a coward when it came to his own. It stemmed from his own self-doubt, really; as there was a tiny part of him that, despite everything, still wondered whether or not Sherlock
Molly blushed, but Sherlock answered for her. "Molly has suffered from anxiety attacks ever since she arrived at this school, where she clearly doesn't belong. Every time she goes to lunch and realizes that she's a loser with no one to sit with, she has to step outside for some fresh air to keep herself from crying. That's when those two found her-"
!" The older boy shouted in outrage.
__________________________
"Well, it's no wonder. You haven't eaten!" John said, shaking his head in exasperation. He then pulled an apple from his bag and tossed it to Sherlock, who caught it effortlessly, despite still looking a bit confused. "Now, if you'll just take care of yourself and give your mind a rest, we'll both be able to sleep peacefully." Then, John turned out the light and lay back down in his bed.
"It's not just about the money, and you know it!" Irene practically growled. "Mycroft Holmes has interfered with my affairs for the last time. I want him finished-"
Sherlock felt himself flush with pride, but tried his best to hide it. "I made most of those deductions yesterday when I saw him out the window. It also helps that bullies are quite possibly the most predictable people on the planet."
"Thanks. I try."
"Wait," Sherlock sat up so quickly that he got a head rush. "Sorry, I just....John, there are so many things that I don't know, and that scares the hell out of me." Sherlock wasn't sure what made him say it, but he did. What was it about John that made him so honest?
"Keep walking towards me until I say stop," said Moriarty, making a point to press the barrel of his gun harder to Greg's skull.
"I mean really," their dad was saying. "I expected this kind of behavior out of Sherlock, but
Irene leaned in close to him. "Honestly....at first, I wasn't entirely sure. I thought it would've made more sense to go after your brother, as
"Your what?"
Jim groaned, tired of explaining it. "We have to burn him first. It's so simple; we destroy his image, ruin his name, make him commit suicide, and they'll never trace it back to us. Honestly, do I have to go over this
should've made him stop loving his sociopathic friend. For god's sake, who the hell kills a
Jim was still and silent for quite some time, never losing his grip on the knife. Only Seb noticed how his friend's coal black eyes were flickering in that amazing way they did whenever he made deductions, seeing and considering more in milliseconds than most people could in hours. His mind-clouding emotions seemed to be clearing away at last, allowing him to entertain more possibilities.
The large boy narrowed his eyes, but John thought he saw a glimpse of panic in them. "You don't know me," he said. "You don't know why I was sent here-"
Sherlock was confused. How could he not know? It was so obvious. "I know you have a sibling because if you didn't, you would've tried running away a lot sooner. I know she's a girl because brothers tend to be more protective of their sisters, but if she were younger than you then you
Sherlock thought for a moment. "Well, there were a few years of carefree youth during which my brother and I attempted to learn all the languages in the world. That was fun....if you discount all the times we got beaten up for it."
"Just tell me what happened, for god's sake!"
John did not respond to the false accusations as calmly as Sherlock did. "Bugger off!" He told the kid, shoving him aside as he followed Sherlock.
Sunday night, nobody slept soundly.
"And why are you telling me this?" asked Sherlock, freezing as Irene leaned closer to him, her breath grazing his neck.
At the dining hall, John grabbed a tray of food and then joined Sherlock at an empty table. "You're not going to eat?" John asked, noticing that Sherlock hadn't gotten anything.
"Don't pretend to be stupid," Greg laughed humorlessly. "You're terrible at it. You know exactly what I'm talking about."
He did not know where he was or who was watching him, so he didn't dare open his eyes, but began to make deductions with his other four senses the second consciousness allowed him.
Sebastian checked his watch and was extremely pleased to find that he was ahead of schedule. He had managed to collect the materials he needed with no problem, so he had a good fifteen minutes to spare before he needed to be at room 233B. Jim would be so proud of him!
He pointed the gun at her face. "How long until they wake up?" he demanded, motioning to his friends.
"Well? Do you have more things to drop or can we move on now?" He asked Irene sarcastically, as if that last second had never happened. As if he had never even noticed Mycroft.
But that was before he became fully aware of the pressure on his chest.
But it had. And when John opened his eyes to see that his face was still red with embarrassment at himself, he wanted to cry in frustration. Sherlock was bound to notice this. What the hell was wrong with him?
She didn't even have time to scream.
shocking news to hear. But I can assure you that we-" he gestured to himself and the officers "-are conducting thorough investigations. The truth will be discovered, most likely soon-" was it John's imagination, or did Harvey's eyes seem to find Sherlock as well? "Until then, it is my job to ensure the safety of my students...."
Sure enough, Moriarty pulled out his own gun and positioned it at the sleeping boy's temple, his finger ready to pull the trigger. "That's right," he said, obviously satisfied by Mycroft's reaction of horror. "He's nice and sedated. He won't feel a thing, and he'll never know that he died because
"God dammit, John," Sherlock sighed.
The boy smiled wide. "Hi," he responded in a sing-song voice.
"Of course you do. I hope you both know that I have the power to make your lives a living hell, and think better about acting out in my class again. I'll expect you both back here after your classes this afternoon to do lines. Fail to show up, and it'll be something much worse. Disrespect me again, and it'll be something much worse. Got it?"
have a
"Well, what a coincidence."
Sherlock could've easily fought back and overpowered her, but there was a certain emotion behind the deviousness in her bright blue eyes that stopped him. Fear? Or was it a warning?
"Lestrade?" John said, remembering that name. "I've met your dad. He was the one who, well, arrested me."
"He found out from his father-"
what happened from the moment you stepped outside."
"Greg, I never-"
"Oh, that's all?" Greg questioned with raised eyebrows. "I thought it'd be something interesting." He chuckled at his own sarcasm as the teacher greeted the class in French, beginning their lesson.
Jim had never felt more satisfied. He knew it had been clever to include Lestrade in the plan last minute. If he had gotten in the way, everything would have fallen apart.
eat, Sherlock?" John asked as the two boys sat down for lunch on a Saturday, at their usual table by the window. Or rather, John sat down for lunch while Sherlock simply sat down, once again without a tray.
"Well I guess I'm a bloody idiot then, because I care about John!"
"Of course I am! I was invited, after all. It would be quite rude not to show up."
"You missed the announcement," said John. "We're all supposed to report directly to the auditorium for an emergency assembly."
"Oh, so the moron lives," muttered a voice from his right. Seb knew that voice. He knew it all too well. And nothing other than the desire to see the face it went along with could have made him open his eyes in the thick of his immense discomfort.
"I don't need sleep," Mycroft muttered, falling down on his mattress and allowing Greg to pull the blankets up over him.
"Hey! Why do you have to do that?!" John yelled, as Sherlock sighed and scraped the food out of his hair.
"I know," said Sherlock. "But they said my 'maturity level needs work', which is complete and utter nonsense-"
But the fact was, he did like him. For whatever reason, John liked Sherlock a lot.
"I don't want to."
happen to see us, I'm sure he's smart enough to realize that he will be the first one to die."
Greg looked horrified at the thought of starting over. "Alright, say I leave my, uh,
He wasn't exactly nervous (not like this was his first murder or anything) but he didn't want to fuck this up. Not when Jim was depending on him.
The raindrops pounded into them like nails as the brothers wrestled, each trying to get the upper hand. Mycroft won, of course, like he wins everything. He pinned Sherlock down into the mud, holding onto his hair with angry force.
Wait....what?
would've tried to run away for fear that she would be hurt. Finally, I can assume that she's troubled (most likely on drugs) because it was your growing resentment towards her that finally convinced you to leave."
"Yeah. You were a lot heavier than I thought you'd be."
! It's the weak man's emotion; the most vicious, destructive, inhibiting thing there is, and anyone who lets themselves feel it is an imbecile!"
At this point, John had no idea where he was going, and he didn't care. That is, until he turned a corner and found himself in an alleyway with a dead end.
Finally, when Sherlock just couldn't take the stillness anymore, he pried his eyelids open a fraction.
"Someone told me that you two came out of room 221B," the boy growled at them in a tone that could make a grown man piss himself. John was about ready to do just that as those dark eyes bored into him. Amid his own panic, he recognized the voice as the one that had screamed at Sherlock the previous night.
"Are you a cheater, Mr. Holmes?"
___________________________
However, the look on Harvey's face as he eagerly dismissed the boys made it clear that this was not over.
Sometime in the middle of Dixon's tedious lecture, Sherlock couldn't take it anymore. He had to go look for him.
"What the
___________________________
"-And you're getting paid for it," Jim interrupted, angrily. "You just worry about your part of the plan, and I'll worry about the rest-"
Stupid biology.
"I was emailing my secretary important information to send to my supervisor in Russia regarding our engagement in Hong Kong, that's all."
"Let it go, Jim!" said Irene. Her voice was irritable and exhausted. "It's over! We have to get Sebastian inside!"
"Yes Sherlock, I'm going to kill him."
Sherlock's mind was nearly always ten miles ahead of his mouth, in a way that only he truly understood. For every sentence he ever spoke, his mind was off in a thousand different directions towards things that were completely irrelevant, and sometimes not even important. Like the fact that the boy in front of them had marijuana in his backpack, or that the student-made poster they just passed had exactly four grammar mistakes.
Mycroft paused, unsure of what to say. Was he brave enough yet to tell the truth? Was he ready to profess his love and risk being rejected, just so Greg could understand why he acted the way he did?
"Yeah," said Mycroft, figuring that his brother couldn't be anymore mad at him than he already was. "I read your journal shortly before we got arrested-"
Sherlock, meanwhile, took his seat and began to contemplate what little of Mycroft's letter he had been able to decipher, trying to figure out what, indeed, his brother had gotten himself into now.
Not for any reason, of course. Just curiosity.
"Just now." But Sherlock wasn't looking at him. He was craning his neck, searching the crowd before them intently.
Mycroft must have understood the truth in his statement, because he said nothing.
John, meanwhile, returned to his maths worksheet, but did very little of it. He kept sneaking glances at Sherlock, who was progressing very quickly through the book, and wondering what it was about him....
His mind was screaming at him.
"You're not going to kill him," said Mycroft, surprised by the steadiness of his own voice. He was terrified. "Not only would you lose leverage over me, but you still need Sherlock. This isn't the end of your little plan, I
And just like that, the second was over. Irene straightened up, all of her possessions safely returned to her handbag, and Moriarty glanced away.
Sherlock laughed. "I can do whatever I want, big brother. And right now, I want to figure out what Moriarty wants with me. Unless, of course, you can make my life easier and just tell me."
"Then we'll be late," John said sternly. "I can't believe what I just saw! Why the hell do you let that bitch push you around like that?"
"Fuck you," Sherlock said before running to his own room and slamming the door.
Harry Potter."
been difficult in the past," The boys' mother interjected. At least someone realized this. "I just don't understand it. They're both so intelligent. It's as if they're
Once their voices faded completely, Mycroft rushed to where Greg lay, still motionless by the doorway. He checked the boy's pulse, just to make sure, and almost cried from relief when he felt the warmth pulsing beneath his fingertips. He pulled Greg up into his arms and held him tight. "God dammit, Lestrade..." Mycroft sighed, running his finger's through the boy's soaking wet hair. "Why....?"
came in and started.....he....he started hitting me and..."
"May I be excused?" He blurted out, without raising his hand.
"In my room."
As usual, Sherlock was right.
Sherlock scoffed at the boy, who was obviously expecting another long and complicated answer. "John, when you opened your trunk I saw three different books on human anatomy. I'm sure even someone with the mental capacity of a hedgehog could've made the same assumption."
"It's alright, John," said Sherlock. "He'll leave once he feels that he's adequately asserted his dominance-"
"Alright, alright, keep your pants on! It was just an idea," the girl backtracked. Although she hid it rather well, she was obviously afraid of Moriarty and did not want to make him mad.
But no matter. He had what he wanted now.
Suddenly, Sherlock came barreling out of the doorway, gun in hand, with Irene Adler following close behind him. Irene halted in shock at the sight of Sebastian's crippled form. Sherlock, however, leaped over him without a thought, but halted at the sight of where Mycroft was standing.
John chuckled. "If you say so. Hey, don't you want to go wash that stuff out of your hair?"
Well, of course he knew the reason.
"You know, I'm not as stupid as you think!" Greg snapped, surprising Mycroft by sounding angry for the first time. He ruffled his own hair, clearly irritated. "Sure, at first I thought you were joshing me with all this secret service stuff, but now I understand that it's probably real. No one just goes around writing letters in Korean and typing in secret code and....and wearing suits that effing nice!"
Smirking, Sherlock sat up at last, his face warm with the blood that had rushed to his head from being upside down for so long. As fun as it was to be a smart arse just to annoy John, he knew that it'd be more polite to give his friend space while he was doing his homework. Because he cared about being polite now, for some reason.
Only when he got to the part where he and Irene were wrestling over the gun did Molly interject. "God, please tell me no one was shot!" she yelled, her eyes darting immediately to John, who still lay apparently comatose in bed.
Irene grumbled an insulting response, but let it go.
"An experiment?" One officer questioned with a raised eyebrow. "And what, pray tell, did this 'experiment' involve?"
"Yes....funny enough, you were actually never a part of it," she added, much to John's surprise. "This is just a trade off. Just business." She pulled two syringes filled with a clear liquid out of her handbag.
Though this broke his heart, Seb tried his best not to take it personally. It helped that Jim never showed interest in anyone else either. He just wished that not being loved back didn't hurt so much.
"Besides, who needs maths, anyway?" Greg shrugged it off.
Sherlock, however, was not any teenaged boy.
Slowly but confidently, Greg stood up. "Well, I had no idea I was such a burden to you. I really wish you would've told me sooner, before I–" he cut himself off with a heavy sigh. "I'm sorry, Mycroft. I really am. I'm sorry I've wasted so much time and energy getting to know you, when you've never cared about me at all. I'm....I'm sorry."
"Anything
Both boys were silent for awhile until Greg finally couldn't take it anymore. "Alright, what the bloody hell are you doing now?" He whispered angrily.
to be enough to keep you all out for a good few hours," she answered immediately, sounding quite calm for someone who had her own weapon pointing back at her. "However, if you ask me, your friends here are the least of your worries."
"Then why can't you do it?!" He protested.
Mycroft didn't respond, his teeth clenched as they had been for the past hour while he tensed up against the cold. But he didn't realize how tense his entire body had been until he tried to move towards his foe, and his locked leg muscles prevented him, sending him tumbling to his hands and knees at Moriarty's feet instead.
This time Seb's cry was due to his friend smacking him hard on the back of his head. "Don't move it, you idiot!"
John thought, snorting internally. From the way Sherlock raised an eyebrow next to him, John knew he was thinking the same thing.
"How...how do you do that?" John asked, his voice full of amazement.
"So, who
"Are you alright?" John asked Sherlock quietly. His voice warned against any lie his roommate might reply with.
He settled for a pillow, which hit Sherlock square in the violin-playing arm.
"I'm telling you Jim, I don't trust her–"
Sherlock sighed and motioned to his brother's empty seat.
he didn't add.
"John, I'm fine," Sherlock insisted, trying to push John away from him. "I just hope my coat comes out of the dry cleaner's all right."
"Oh...." John cleared his throat. "Do you, uh, do you have a boyfriend then?"
"You'll see in about thirteen seconds."
"An experiment in which
"OH COME ON!" Moriarty shouted, making even his partner Sebastian jump slightly. "You know you can do it, and you know that if you don't you're going to die. You
"I want to be a part of this," Molly said, with a bit more confidence. "And I think I deserve to be. I
Then he went straight to his room and slammed the door, leaving his brother on the floor in shock.
And he hated it.
Greg blushed furiously. "Oh."
of his microphone being hung up forcefully.
enveloped tightly in Greg's arms....
"Hey, speaking of which, what were you doing out there?" John wondered. "There's no way you were just sitting around out there in this humidity."
"It's 8:07," said Sherlock, raising an eyebrow like the answer was obvious. "At least three more minutes before we can be considered fashionably late. That's what people usually are at their first parties, right?"
"What is it?" Sherlock asked, not daring to lean toward her any closer than her already was.
And that was the beginning of his obsession. But certainly not where it ended, oh no, not even close. Because Jim learned a lot more about Sherlock Holmes over the next few months, including what the boy looked like, and he found that the more he knew about him, the more his feelings began to....change.
"YOU COMPLETE AND UTTER COCK!" Sherlock yelled at the top of his lungs.
"What?!" The older boy, who had been silently drifting off to sleep for a few minutes, now sat up straight in his chair. "You're joking."
According to the brochure, the school was only four years old, and still looked quite modern. It didn't have the worn look of faded brick that John's old public school possessed. But to John, the brand-new, freshly painted look made the school seem all the more intimidating.
The boys backed away from Molly, and John suddenly noticed that one of them- the shorter boy with the suit and the dark, slicked back hair- seemed eerily familiar. The blond boy who was molesting Molly, however, was a stranger.
John stood there in disbelief for several seconds. "That's...."
John didn't respond, leaving Sherlock to wonder if he had just offended him.
But most importantly, why had Sherlock spent the last twelve hours dissecting his possible feelings for John Watson rather than trying to figure out Moriarty's plans?
"Dad, no-"
"Need I remind you that I was the one who
"Well, I hypothesized that small dosages of certain stimulants would help me think more clearly-"
Another form emerged from the darkness, this one a bit taller than Moriarty himself, and dragging a limp person behind him.
Mycroft didn't respond, but only because he couldn't make his voice work. his brilliant mind raced through every possible move he could make from here-
"Mind your business dickhead, we're having an important conversation," Sherlock said back, making the entire class- even Mycroft- burst out in laughter.
"Yes, but what did you mean his
"I'm sorry," the blond boy spoke up. "Who are you?"
"I would
"Isn't it?" she said with narrowed eyes. "I
Once he was showered and dressed, he came out of the bathroom to find Sherlock still sitting at his desk, but staring at a blank laptop screen. John wasn't sure if his friend was at a loss for what to do, or had just slipped into his mind palace randomly. Either way, John did not want to just leave him alone this time, afraid that, like yesterday, he would end up sitting in the same spot for several hours.
By the time everyone was settled back in their rooms, Halloween night was almost over.
"We most certainly are
Mycroft turned to witness a shocking scene. Greg was now on the ground completely unattended, as Sebastian was curled up in a pool of blood, resulting from what appeared to be a gunshot wound to the leg. Moriarty was already at his side, his face full of panic, which was the first expression Mycroft had seen him wear that wasn't smug superiority.
"Freeze!" The 'drug dealer' yelled, pulling a gun out of his pants. "Put your hands in the air!"
The lady looked at him and raised her eyebrows over her thick glasses. "The first 2 means it's on the second floor. A's are on the right, B's on the left. Other than that, the numbers go in order. I'm sure you know how to count. At least, I hope so."
"Do you
"You think?!" Molly squeaked, looking so angry that John wouldn't have been surprised if she spontaneously combusted.
me here, she seems to be attracted to me. If I use that to my advantage-"
"Hang on now," John said, grabbing the boy's shoulder before he turned away. Sherlock froze at his touch. "I want to know. Besides, I'm already awake. Just tell me."
"I got four hours!" Sherlock responded, defensively. He still looked extremely agitated from his phone call as he sat in his desk chair and opened his laptop.
"If you shoot, then I shoot Mycroft!" said Jim. And there the boys stood for several moments, aiming their guns at each other in what everyone on the roof knew was a pointless stalemate.
In the week since Sherlock had been blamed for the assault of Viktor Jacobsen, the boy's usually sharp mind had been quite scattered and unfocused. All he could think about anymore was how nearly everyone in the school was convinced that he was a bloodthirsty psychopath. Add this to the fact that he still wasn't speaking to his brother, AND that his confusing feelings for his roommate hadn't gone away, the young genius could hardly focus on anything, let alone trying to deduce Moriarty's next move.
It was then that it clicked for John as well. That boy's name and face had been all over the news two years ago. And he remembered why. The pictures had been painful to look at.
"I'm afraid that's classified information."
letting you go to that party was a bad idea!"
Normally, Jim would have disregarded this question with a derisive scoff, but now he nodded. Giving his current agitated state, he supposed it was a reasonable question. "Yeah," he replied. "Definitely."
"No please, go ahead," Seb joked yet again. "Hit a man while he's down. That will fix everything."
"Well you're going to get it," John insisted. "Like it or not."
"She's going to kill you!"
"Oh believe me, I have more than one," said Sherlock, almost proudly. "You should've heard me in history class yesterday."
Jim and Irene had retreated immediately to Jim's room with Sebastian and laid the injured boy down on his bed. Then, per Jim's instructions, Irene had injected Seb with the same sedative they had used several times that night, and Jim proceeded to google
"You remember everything you have to do this evening, right?" Jim asked for the millionth time.
" Viktor raised a shaking hand and pointed at Sherlock, "
Sherlock groaned loudly. This John Watson kid was as bad as his parents. He assumed the next thing he would do was lecture him about the concept of "having consideration for others".
liked him. It was always possible that he was simply reading too much into things....
With his coat collar turned up and his navy scarf wrapped tightly around his neck, Sherlock marched out through the pouring rain to find a sheltered place to smoke.
Mycroft clenched and unclenched his fists by his sides, not moving otherwise.
The moment lasted a few more seconds before Sherlock broke away to wipe his eyes. Politely, Mycroft turned away. He knew that by morning, Sherlock would prefer to act like that moment had never happened. He'd pretend to forget that he had sobbed into Mycroft's shoulder, and that he had allowed his brother  to call him William. And of course, Mycroft would pretend to forget as well. But he wouldn't really. He would never forget the promise he made to Sherlock, nor would he ever break it.
"Well, then you better not fail," Mycroft muttered to himself, officially making up his mind.
John was almost positive that Sherlock liked him back now, and was desperate to broach the subject with him. Now seemed as good a time as any, as they were completely alone with nothing to do. He kept glancing over at Sherlock, who was staring up at the ceiling unblinking. John could only assume that he was in his mind palace, which meant that he probably shouldn't bother him.
brought to his knees."
. "Yes."
"It's completely my business when it's
Sherlock smiled back, despite himself.
"Well hello," said Moriarty, his tone disturbingly cheerful and his shark grin as wide as ever. "Thought I might find you up here." His attitude was smug. He had already won this round, and he knew it. Everything that happened after this was just tedious transition to the next level.
"John, this is my arch nemesis, Mycroft," Sherlock responded, glaring at his brother.
"I just needed a break. I'm so fucking sick of everything right now. Classes here are a joke, my brother hates me, I'm expected to kill someone before the semester ends, and-
way that he could get out of this with no lives lost- but once considered, each idea dissipated like his clouds of warm breath exhaled into the cold. Moriarty had the upper hand, and could end Greg's life if Mycroft even stepped in the wrong direction.
"Wow, what a load of crap," John remarked, chuckling. "They actually think that's supposed to fix behavioral problems?"
," Sherlock spat, glaring at his brother with absolute hatred. "And anyway, what business is it of yours what I do?"
He then continued to tell John what a huge disappointment he had always been, how he wasn't good at anything, and how a loser like him would never become a doctor.
"No John, I-" Molly sighed. "Look. Irene and I knew each other before Baskerville's and she's....she's got a lot on me. Let's just leave it at that."
have to do tonight?" Seb asked, interrupting Jim's thoughts.
Wow, a criminal with standards. How
Sherlock smirked. This was obviously the first time tonight that something had not gone according to plan. "Drug tolerance is a funny thing," he said. "Annoying at times, yet somewhat useful at others."
Mycroft concluded, as he finished counting the leaves on the nearest tree for the dozenth time. Each time he started again the number of leaves decreased, as the storm's fierce winds shook them to the muddy ground. This kept the activity just interesting enough to keep his mind from obsessing over Moriarty's whereabouts, panicking about whether Sherlock was alright or not, or recalling the memory of Greg's lips firm and warm against his own...
Moriarty let out a loud, manic cackle. "Oh, how appropriate." he jeered. "The great and clever Mycroft Holmes,
His legs shook from standing, but he didn't sit for the same reason he didn't open his umbrella to shield himself from the storm: He was going to die tonight anyway, and he deserved every ounce of pain and misery he experienced up until that point.
"Don't be," Sherlock cut him off. One benefit of being away from home was that he no longer had Mummy breathing down his neck about his eating habits. He did not need a substitute mother. "I eat in private, when I need to, and no more. I don't need your
have, because it was his older brother's case file that he had hacked into, but it did. And now he knew what Mycroft clearly had no interest in telling him. He knew what Mycroft's next assignment was, and why.
The bullet could have only come, Mycroft deduced, from the open doorway directly behind Sebastian. The doorway that led to the stairwell. Which meant-
"What about you, smart arse?" Dixon asked, glaring at Sherlock. "Do
But Greg blocked his way. "Hold up, you are
"Honestly?" John said, staring right into Sherlock's cold grey eyes with his warm blue ones. "That scares the hell out of me, too."
"Christ, there you are!" Jim shouted, irritably. "What the hell took you so long?"
"Right. Catch you later John and Sherlock," he waved at them as he headed off to class.
Hours of this passed, and just as Sherlock thought that he would drop dead from overexposure to low intelligence, a secretary came in and announced that both boys were to be released immediately. Apparently, the police had managed to "negotiate" with their parents.
He snapped to attention, glancing over at Greg who was sitting at his desk, looking quite exasperated. "I've been trying to ask you something for, like, ten minutes!"
"He's on the roof," she told him. "They all are. But don't think you can make it up there in time to save his life."
Mycroft chuckled despite himself, and went in to take a shower.
Sherlock closed his eyes, shoving this new, irrational part of himself deep into his mind palace. When he opened them, cold and emotionless once again, he began to observe.
"Yes!"
It was only then that it hit Mycroft, the realization that had clearly already come to Greg.
"It's
Jim remembered thinking.
would be apart of this, whatever "this" was. Up to this point, Moriarty had seemed more like Sherlock's problem than his.
"Sherlock...."
Greg raised an eyebrow. "You do know what mandatory means, right? You have to go."
"Oh yeah," Greg paused, obviously racking his brains for a new question that he would pretend was his original. Mycroft sighed, but decided that if the boy lied again, he wouldn't push it.
John held the book out to him. "Finish it," he said. "I promise, it's worth it."
going to take the drugs?"
Mycroft actually snorted. "So? What are they going to do if I don't, expel me? Ooh, I'm shaking in my trousers. If you're so concerned, you go. Just leave me be."
Irene bit her lip. "I didn't think you would notice that."
Sherlock did, raising his hands into the air. "You don't want to shoot me," he said, because it felt like a sentence that someone who wasn't scared shitless would say.
run away from their problems. But that didn't stop them from grinning ear to ear as they silently entertained the prospect.
Mycroft groaned. "Where are you supposed to be?"
"We're fine, Sherlock's just panicking again," said John. "Come on in."
Molly shook her head in disgust, then turned back to Sherlock, who was still pacing. "Is
Holding her breath, Molly stood up and slowly backed to the furthest corner of the room. She was grateful that she had locked the door– something she had made it a habit to do since the day she learned about Moriarty– but she had a feeling whoever this was had the means to open a locked door.
"Who?"
Until John ruined it.
"But John, I'm bored," the tall boy whispered.
Mycroft smirked, unable to help himself when he said "I'm afraid that's classified information."
"I find it boring and overrated," Sherlock interrupted, rolling his eyes. "The ridiculous notion of it being the most important is nothing more than breakfast cereal propaganda."
" he glared at the entire student body collectively. "Will be reinforced." With that Harvey shuffled the papers on the podium in front of him, cleared his throat, and began to read.
Underneath their table, John found himself reaching for Sherlock's hand and grasping it.
Sherlock tucked a strand of wavy brown hair behind her ear, staring into her eyes as romantically as he could manage. "And now you know?"
__________________________
At the opposite end of the roof, the three villains were paying no attention to the moment happening several feet away. They were all a bit busy panicking.
"That kid's a druggie?" One of them asked, laughing. "Praise The Lord! I've been dying for a reason to arrest that prick."
"You don't say."
Sherlock thought. He lived for experimental chemistry, and was quite disappointed that Dixon had spent the entire first month of the school year lecturing. But at long last they were going to do something! He just hoped that there wouldn't be-
Sherlock grimaced. "He's my brother," he responded with distaste.
Jim paused in his trek towards her, taking a deep breath in. "You know what, I'll be nice. You have
"While tonight may not have been exclusively about me," he continued, before John could ask the question budding on his lips. "It did involve the very beginning of the part that
"What?" said John and Molly simultaneously.
John lay on the floor for a long time afterward, sobbing. Not really because of the horrendous pain he felt in his face and abdomen, or because he actually regretted not telling the police about his family at this point, or even because he was being sent to a school that would surely ruin his chances of getting into Cambridge.
_____________
, Sherlock thought, unable to refrain from deducing the woman. Bitter, divorced, and possibly the phoniest person he had ever laid eyes on.
He was still pondering what he would say to his boss when Greg, who had hardly left his side since the two made up a couple hours ago, interrupted his thoughts. "Working on a paper there, or...?"
"Probably just people messing around," John guessed.
John nodded sympathetically. In the corner of his notebook, he scrawled a note to Sherlock:
"Have you been
Immediately after the incident with Sherlock, Jim had dragged his injured comrade up to their dorm and summoned Irene Adler, his only other asset in this godforsaken place, to tend to him while he considered how to proceed. There were so many options. However, many of them included murder, and Jim wasn't sure if it was time for that quite yet. Especially since Sherlock now knew about him.
"Next week," Greg replied, eyeing John questionably. "No offense little guy, but are you sure you're interested? A lot of our players are pretty big, and you're....well."
"What, you mean
"I'm fine," he responded, shutting the curtains without a thought. "Go back to sleep. You must be exhausted."
over." said Jim. "Not by a long shot." And his tone was vindictive enough that Mycroft believed him.
His laughter faltered as quickly as it had started, and Greg did not fail to notice. "Hey...." He staggered upright, taking a moment to regain his balance before joining Mycroft by the window. He rested a hand on his shoulder. "Are you ready to talk about it?"
don't even know who they were. I was just minding my own business when they-" she cut herself off with a shudder.
"So, do you have a girlfriend?" John asked Sherlock the next day at breakfast, to start a conversation. John had noticed that his new friend wasn't much of a conversation starter, as he spent most of his time studying random people or otherwise just staring off into space in his "mind palace". There was a lot that John wondered about him, one being his relationship status.
They both chuckled, and the fact that Mycroft still had the ability to do so was almost enough to make him forget the scene outside.
"Speaking of which, when are you planning on killing the bloke?"
?! Sorry for what, for saying that I've basically ruined your life? That I'm so annoying and stupid it's practically contagious? You were just telling me the truth, weren't you? Everything you've thought about me this whole time? So what the bloody hell have
"Really?" John asked. "What work is this?"
John's thoughts, as well as the several side conversations of his fellow students, were interrupted by three loud taps followed by a high-pitched whine. Mr. Harvey was testing the microphone.
?" Greg asked nervously, as he tried to keep up with Mycroft's brisk pace down the B hall.
"You have perfect marks in all your other classes."
"Good," Mr. Dixon nodded in approval. "Now, open your textbooks to page 394-" he began, turning towards the blackboard, only to be hit in the back of the head with a ball of paper the moment he did so. "Hey!" He yelled, turning back immediately. "Who threw that?!"
"Didn't her note tell you
"I have a new plan," Irene responded. Her eyes did not waver once from knife in Jim's hands. "One that I think you will like very much. One that will burn Sherlock
The boys stopped setting up the lab and looked at her like she was crazy. "
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer this rhetorical question, but Mycroft quickly reached up and tapped Sherlock twice between the shoulder blades. He closed his mouth immediately.
Mycroft considered this and immediately felt guilty about his snide remark. Greg really was just trying to help. While there was no way in hell Mycroft could tell him what he had been assigned to do, he didn't have to be a dick about it.
"Well, not if you kill him first!" Greg shouted. By now Mycroft's eyes had entirely adjusted to the dark, and he could see that his friend's face was etched in panic. "Come on, what are you waiting for, let's go kill him!"
"Shut the fuck up!" yelled Jim as he clutched his knife.
who he is," Irene snarled. "All I care about is that I have chemistry in two minutes, and I still need to copy your homework. I looked through your bag and I couldn't find it. You've got quite the mess to clean up when you get back, by the way."
When he came out in a towel, he was surprised to find Greg still there, bent over his desk.
Sherlock checked his watch and was pleased to find that he was ahead of schedule. At this rate, he'd be able to start his experiment sooner than he thought, which would be brilliant, as he had quite a few other experiments on hold for this one.
John's father spent the entire three hour drive to Baskerville's yelling at him.
"Are you calm now?" Greg whispered.
"The bullet is clean," Sherlock had remarked when he picked it up. "And you honestly thought, even for a second, that I was dead, Mycroft? Wow, you must be slipping."
John gasped. "No."
When they arrived home, the officer insisted on accompanying the boys to their front door, claiming that a suspicious looking teenager had been found wandering their neighborhood mere hours earlier. When they reached their front porch, their mother flung open the door before the officer could ring the buzzer. Her eyes were red and puffy. Behind her stood their father, who looked down at both of them with pure rage.
Sherlock killed time until his roommate showed up by deducing the students filing through the front doors below him. It was amazing, the details he could pick up on, even from two stories high.
"Whatever," said Greg, finally, Mycroft noted with relief, seeming exhausted of the conversation. He pulled a football out of his bag and started tossing it from one hand to the other, absentmindedly.
"You have no proof."
The town of Baskerville was much smaller and more suburban than London, with few tall buildings and lots of open space. In fact, the largest building seemed to be the boarding school itself, which John could now see clearly.
John sputtered in anger and disbelief. "I- you- how can....do you even-ugh!" Unable to form a proper sentence, John just sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration. Meanwhile, Sherlock continued playing his violin. Until about ten seconds later.
He groaned, putting his head in his hands. There were certain times when Mycroft wished that he could un-genius both Sherlock and himself. He knew that most of their major problems would disappear if they became just as stupid as the rest of the world, particularly whatever made it difficult for them to deal with emotions. That was why Mycroft had always taught Sherlock not to care; things were just easier that way.
"Get a grip, Watson," he told himself. Talking to himself always calmed him down. "It's just dark. You've lived in London all your life, there's got to be something you can go off of."
"Who?" One of the men asked.
"How do you know I won't....
sleep, I'd be sleeping."
___________________________
"No, he knows me," Sherlock said with confidence. "I could tell. The look in his eyes. The way he spoke to me. Like he knew exactly who I was. Dammit, he even knows that my average deduction time is three seconds-" he stopped suddenly, and John could almost hear the
But Mycroft tapped him twice on the arm: their mutual signal for when someone was asking a rhetorical question and the other didn't realise it.
"It's called Baskerville's School for Troubled Teens," the officer continued. "It's what we're recommending to all parents nowadays. It's like a regular boarding school, only it focuses especially on correcting behavioral problems. The school challenges your child both academically and physically...."
"He'll be in class already, you idiot. The bell rang ages ago."
Surprisingly- and John searched the crowd more than once to be sure- Moriarty was nowhere to be seen. Neither was Sebastian Moran, but he supposed that was to be expected if the boy was recovering from a gunshot wound.
"However," he paused to meet the eyes of some of the students who looked especially troublesome. "I hope you know that I do
But luckily, Molly shook her head. "It was actually Moriarty who drugged me," she informed them. "He seemed more about just getting the job done. Didn't stop for chit-chat, or anything else."
kid harmed would surely be severely injured or dead, causing the boy to be sent to an actual prison (for he looked to be at least seventeen) rather than a behavioral correction school. No, he was most likely sent here for thievery. Yes, the kid was definitely a thief. He had poor luggage, but he had a lot of it, suggesting that he was carrying more items than he could possibly afford.
When they got there, John was put in a room with two officers who went through his bag, which was filled not with cash or valuables, but with enough useless possessions to prove that John was, in fact, not a criminal, but a teenaged runaway.
I've done since then has been to keep you safe! I burned every file my boss had of you, including the application you turned in back when you wanted
Molly? Did he-
, Sherlock," Mycroft growled. "How could you not notice you had a
"....No.....Absolutely fucking not.....I don't care what you've been assigned to do! You're not killing him until I figure out what the hell he wants with me.....What? What risks? I'll only be endangering myself, and I don't care-"
Before John could decide where to go from here, the flashing lights of a police car coming around the corner stopped him dead in his tracks. Unfortunately for John, there was one huge downside to ending up in a rich neighborhood: paranoid rich people.
No, John cried because he had no one to hold him through the pain of all of these things, to comfort him on the worst night of his life. He was completely alone.
"Technically," he said.
He didn't need to, however. A fight was started when, without warning, Mycroft plucked the the cigarette out of Sherlock's hand and threw it out into the rain.
"Aah! What the hell John? Do you mind?"
"Well, yes but-" Molly began, timidly.
"We need backup immediately. Drug bust," she said, her eyes alight with excitement. "And you won't believe who it is."
Mycroft."
"Yes," Mycroft allowed himself to say out loud. He was too exhausted to keep trying to convince himself otherwise. "I love him."
While Molly tapped her foot, huffing impatiently ever now and then, John watched her and tried to deduce her the way Sherlock did to people. He knew very little about her from the one class they had together, except that she was very quiet and always did her work, and was always one of the first people to complete tests (after Sherlock, of course). He wondered what she could've done to end up in Baskerville's School for Troubled Teens. Sherlock had said something before about Molly not belonging here. Had she possibly been sent here by mistake? Did Sherlock know this simply by looking at her?
the one who should be sorry! I've been nothing but a burden to you since the day we met, and you've got enough on your plate, haven't you?!" He yelled the words with all the anger he could muster, but surprisingly, there was not a hint of sarcasm in his tone. "You know, I always suspected you never really liked me. How the hell could someone as smart as you want to even be
NO. Oh god please no, anything but this.
God, he was slipping.
There was no graffiti. No signs of vandalism, or even the general wear and tear that can normally be expected from a school. There didn't even appear to be dust.
he was constantly bored. It had always been "
"Shhh! Listen."
"Do you think he'll be okay?" Molly whispered.
"React like
"-And I'm not even going to try apologizing for what I did. But you can't go after him."
"We've been looking everywhere for you! We called all your friends. We were just about to call the police."
"Myc," whispered Greg, his breath still hot against his lips, and Mycroft could taste him on every atom in his mouth, and god dammit he was
known to pay attention sometimes. My question is, what are you going to do about it? I doubt the headmaster would believe you if you told him, and I'm sure you guys have ruled that out by now anyway, so you must plan to handle this yourselves!" She seemed ridiculously excited. "What's your next move?"
Everyone in the room gave him the look that said
Suddenly, from behind him: "Woah, what the hell?"
"BUT DOBBY THE ELF CANT BE DEAD!!!"
"Thank you for that, by the way."
Funnily enough, that was exactly what happened.
"Well of course not!" His father replied. "We'll be sending you
Molly's expression changed from annoyed to worried as she turned back to Sherlock. "It's not true, is it?" She whispered. "You didn't beat up Viktor?"
stay, my love. Just a few more minutes-"
"Disagree," muttered Sebastian. "We could always-"
"Why yes, of course," he responded sarcastically. "That was my goal all along, you see. I actually paid Sherlock Holmes to put a bullet in my leg, just so I could sabotage us all. Because screw all those months of hard work and planning on our part, right?"
The headmaster was a short, round, and balding man named Mr. Harvey. Though Sherlock and probably two thirds of the student population were at least a head taller than him, he had a certain aura of intimidation about him, as well as a glare so frightening that even the school's biggest delinquents have been known to squirm under it.
Shaking his head as if to snap himself out of a certain state, Sherlock followed Irene into the dim room full of bad music and drunk teenagers, and John followed Sherlock– knowing that from this point forward, he always would.
"I'm warning you, shut up!"
Sherlock deduced all of this in three seconds, which frustrated him, as he was working on decreasing his perception time down to two seconds. Three was just pitiful.
John's face flushed, and Molly smiled, knowing that she had him.
When Irene finally pulled away, Sherlock wasted no time. "What is it?" he repeated. "Why does Moriarty want to kill me?"
John was taken aback. "Really? That's bullshit. You're a bloody genius. Any secret agency would be lucky to have you."
Greg surprised Mycroft by sitting upright suddenly and facing him. His red, swollen eyes– full of the utmost disdain for their target– stared straight into him. "Bullshit, Mycroft! Bull-fucking-shit! You're
"I get it," said John, removing his hand. Sherlock sighed in both relief and disappointment. "I'll leave you alone."
to get yourself shot, didn't you?" Jim spat, his attempts to feign composure abandoned. "We were
"When did me calling you Myc stop bothering you?"
He followed John out the door, but somehow ended up leading the way. John thought it was strange how Sherlock seemed to know exactly how to get to the dining hall without making a single wrong turn, even though his first day here had been yesterday. But then again, there were a lot of strange things about this boy, and his strong sense if direction certainly wasn't the strangest.
Irene pouted, thinking it over for a few seconds before shaking her head. "Oh, but you see Sherlock," she said (John couldn't take his eyes off the clock if he wanted to). "That would take all the fun out of my job."
Sherlock still seemed to be under the impression that John was up to speed with his latest revelation, without him having to explain anything. But of course, John was still quite confused. Suddenly, Molly's manipulative roommate– who, John recalled unpleasantly, had been sucking Sherlock's face mere hours before– was a murderer in collaboration with Moriarty. How Sherlock had come to this conclusion John still had no idea, but he didn't bother asking.
"Oh. Uh, John," John replied. "And this is Sherlock," he motioned to his friend who stood silently beside him.
"No."
Had Greg heard what he had said right before that? If so, was he able to put two and two together? Mycroft did not want to meet his eyes and find out, but Greg didn't give him a choice. He crouched down so that they were right next to each other on the floor and took Mycroft's face in his hands, boldly.
Mycroft shut the window and sighed, collapsing onto his bed.
Sherlock, meanwhile, continued turning his thumb in circles on the back of John's hand....not realizing immediately that John's hand was returning pressure to his. "John, how long have you been awake?" Sherlock asked aloud, once he did realize this.
John changed questions mid sentence when he saw the multiple cuts and bruises on his friend's face, but Sherlock shook his head.
going to tell me what's going on?!"
The cold wind was chilling Sherlock to the bone, and they were both very late to class, but he didn't care. They were going to settle this right now. "You really think it was bloody
me alive. Okay?"
"Oh, I'm sorry," the boy responded, sarcastically. "I just liked the way breakfast looked on you so much yesterday that I wanted to see it again." He shoved Sherlock off his chair and to the floor. "Prick."
"Talk about what?" Mycroft asked, feigning ignorance. He sat up and stretched out his muscles, which were stiff from having sat still for so long.
Startled, John snapped his head to the right only to see Sherlock taking his seat next to him, his hair still damp.
Jim, just hear me out," begged a female voice that Mycroft thought he recognized from somewhere. "If we do it my way everything will get taken care of much quicker: The older one would be dealt with, Sherlock would go to prison, and we'd be on the run by the end of the week–"
"Magnificent job, Seb! You've done brilliantly." Jim exclaimed before glancing away, pretending not to notice the way his friend beamed when he expressed his gratitude.
He was asking, telepathically.
"-Completely covered in taxes, since it's considered a behavioral correction facility, but it's a school, too. And quite a challenging one-"
"You going to answer me?" The terrifying teen asked. "Or do I have to kick the shit outta
from my bank account. How did you even know my information?"
"And judging by the crime scene Mycroft and I found...well, the reason why they killed him was obvious. His initial attack on Viktor makes much more sense now."
"Yes."
"Well, because it clears my mind, it helps me focus, and I'm fucking BORED!" He jumped up from his chair at the last word. "I'm bored and confused, John, the two worst feelings in the world! Why hasn't he done anything yet? What the bloody hell is he waiting for? I see him everyday in the halls, going to his classes and looking all smug like he knows exactly what he's doing, while I sit here going through the same information over and over again, and it's never enough to deduce anything I don't already know! Is this his plan? To torment me? Just keep me waiting and waiting until I'm driven to insanity?!"
"John, that is both impossible and ridiculous. Please tell me you're joking."
"Do what?"
Sherlock went behind the shed, where the roof stretched out the farthest, and had already lit a cigarette and taken a deep inhale before he realized that he was not alone. Directly to his left, in equally drenched clothes and smoking just as eagerly, was Mycroft.
And that was the rest of the truth. Though embarrassed to admit it, seventeen-year-old Mycroft Holmes had never personally killed anyone before, and wasn't entirely sure if he could.
"But they don't know the truth, Greg. They've never met him, and they underestimate him. Jim Moriarty is, in fact, a
Immediately, Greg sat up. "What happened? Where-" he looked around, obviously trying to piece together the events of the night, before his eyes landed back on Mycroft. "Myc....you're alive!"
But instead of looking intimidated, Irene smirked. "Don't be a fool, Sherlock," she said. "You've never killed anyone before-"
The boy turned from the window to see Greg sitting up, his eyes almost as wild as his hair. He looked delirious, but his next words were articulated perfectly. "What's going on? Are you okay?"
would yield pleasant results.
"Well, seeing as it was either that or biology, I went with the one that was less likely to make me want to kill myself."
journal? Either way, Sherlock was going to kill him.
Jim turned to him with a scowl, irritated by his friend's lack of faith. "It's still going to work!" he snapped. "It just....needs some adjustments."
Mycroft smirked, but his eyes were hard with anger. "Same way you managed to find yourself a drug dealer. You have your homeless network, I have my own spies. But that's besides the point."
"Simple: you have no probable cause."
Mycroft's response was cut off by the sound of the late bell, so he just shot Sherlock a contemptuous glare, hiding his laptop under his desk before Mr. Dixon could see it and confiscate it.
"You go," said Sherlock.
"Irene said the injections she provided would wear off in a few hours," Sherlock said, helpfully. "Mine only wore off early because-"
Johns trailed off, blushing when he realized how much he had said without meaning to. Sherlock stared at him with intense fascination, his eyes absorbing him, but with a softness that John had never seen before.
As Molly pulled her chair up to John's and Sherlock's table with narrowed eyes, Sherlock found himself wishing that they had been paired with Anderson instead.
At the word
John walked up to Sherlock's desk and closed his laptop. "Sherlock, take a break. "
"I was," he responded. "Well, kind of. Not important. Anyway, I've been meaning to ask you something."
Mycroft was running back to his dorm. This struck him as odd even through his panic, because he almost never ran. He hardly had a reason to, even when he was on a job. Being a spy in real life wasn't like the movies, where people are always getting chased and shot at.
Pause.
Jim exhaled loudly and checked his watch. 7:30. Had Irene confronted Sherlock yet? Was she able to convince him come to the party? What if Sherlock didn't show up? Then the whole plan would be ruined.
Dixon ended up dismissing them both after a mere hour's work, looking quite unsettled in their presence. The boys returned to their room in fits of laughter, and Sherlock realised that just being with John Watson made him laugh more than he ever had before in his life.
"I'm afraid that's-"
__________________________
John's own breath caught in his throat as Sherlock brought his right hand to John's face, resting it gently on his cheek. His heart pounded relentlessly. He couldn't have moved if he wanted to.
John groaned in frustration wondering, not for the first time, why he had such horrid luck. Some teens might have no problem running away; they'd just go straight to a friend's house.
"Oh, Mycroft," said Moriarty, his jovial tone dropping and sounding suddenly like he was speaking to a very naughty child. "You do know what will happen if you so much as point that gun of yours at me, don't you? You know how we'll punish you."
Sherlock recognised many faces, and they all looked rather gleeful.
"Do you not know who you're talking to?"
thinking about John. And now he knew why.....but it was
?!" He was back to yelling. "That is none of your....Oh, go to hell, Mycroft!" And with that, Sherlock hung up his phone and threw it onto his bed in anger. Then he turned back to John, who immediately closed his eyes again.
on their homework, but Mycroft was already finished. He pulled out his phone.
," he said with disgust.
"I guess that makes sense," said John. "But damn, after that big talk he gave us yesterday about what a hard arse he was going to be, this just seems suspiciously pitiful. I won't be surprised if he gives us a special pen that makes us write words in our own blood-"
"I'm not going anywhere, William."
By the time John arrived home, it was 3:45 am, and he was practically sleepwalking. Yet, he managed to stay upright as the policeman walked him to his flat and rang the doorbell. And he had just enough energy left to feel fear when his dad opened the door.
"I'll be fifteen in three months!" Sherlock interrupted, knowing full and well how immature that sounded even as he said it. "And when did you suddenly start caring about my safety?"
"Come on Molly, do you really think I'd tell anyone? Don't you trust me?"
Sherlock shook away the thoughts.
to go down without a fight. He slipped his hand inside his soaked-through suit jacket, closing his fingers around his gun.
"You better not get into any trouble while you're here," he growled. "If I receive one phone call saying you've been anything but a model student, don't bother coming home for Christmas."
Greg looked like he wanted to protest further, but apparently decided against it, because he just shrugged and left.
"Oh, and you act like
Irene rolled her eyes, somehow fearless even as Jim began digging for his weapon. "Oh sure, give yourself another body to deal with. Very wise, Jim."
By the last week of September, Sherlock was finally beginning to accept that this school year might be all right after all. Mycroft had gone back to avoiding him, most of the bullies had gotten bored of Sherlock's lack of reaction to their taunts, and he actually had a best friend who liked being around him. If the rest of the year stayed like this, he might've even been able to get used to the constant boredom.
She then yanked Sherlock's head close with urgency and put her lips right up against his ear.
Mycroft hadn't bothered to look in a mirror at any point over the course of the night, but he had spent over an hour in the middle of a storm and had almost been forced to kill himself, so he didn't doubt that Greg was right. "Everything," Mycroft answered. "But honestly....I'm not sure I can talk about it right now...." For it was right then that Mycroft realized just how exhausted he was, both physically and mentally.
"No," Sherlock answered simply. "I'm much too involved with my work to engage in ludicrous activities such as dating." John couldn't help but notice that he did not hear an 'I'm not gay.'
Lacking the willpower to deduce himself at the moment, Sherlock just crawled back into bed himself and continued not sleeping.
On the way to his dorm, John wondered what kind of roommate he would have. He found himself imagining all the worst possibilities, because with his luck, he was bound to have the worst possible roommate.
"Then that's all that matters. Now
But there never was, because eventually they both became exhausted. It was when Sherlock was kicking Mycroft repeatedly on the ground that they met each other's eyes and declared a nonverbal truce. Muddy, out of breath, and covered in blood, the boys crawled back under the tin shelter and had a smoke.
"Yes sir."
Seven seconds. Then he broke it off, and for a few extra seconds the boys just stood there, holding each other. Greg was laughing and crying, but his eyes had not lost their questioning gaze as he waited for Mycroft to answer him.
this Moriarty bloke?" Molly wanted to know.
"Of course I'm fucking awake," Sherlock growled. "You don't tend to sleep a lot when you're thinking about how someone wants to murder you."
Mycroft just shook his head at him. "Why must I be related to someone so unbearably stupid? I wish you were never born."
, he told himself,
John closed his eyes again, focusing on his breathing, and changed his mantra.
He couldn't let him have the last word.
This didn't happen to him! He didn't feel-
Irene bit her lip. "I have a theory. I've thought a lot about it, and it seems the most plausible...."
John was sitting upright in his bed, showered and fully dressed, facing Sherlock. He seemed to have been waiting for him to wake up.
"Oh please," Sherlock scoffed, much to John's disbelief. "You use your size for intimidation, but you've never fought anyone in your life."
After he was dressed but before he headed down to breakfast, he tried to get Sherlock's attention. "Erm...I'm heading down to eat. You coming?"
let anything happen to him," he murmured. "And I don't see what concern it is of yours what our 'relationship' is.....
Exactly thirteen seconds later, the door opened without a knock and in walked Mycroft Holmes.
"Yeah," said Greg. "I don't think he eats, though. He mostly just sits around with this blond kid named John, and apparently pisses people off for the fun of it. I caught one of my football players trying to strangle him this morning."
thought Seb. Not only was he thankful that Jim's anger was no longer directed at him, but he had been longing to get rid of Irene practically since they met her. "Still in my bag, I think."
BANG BANG BANG. The sound of an angry fist beating on their door made both boys jump, Sherlock nearly dropping his instrument. "OI! KNOCK IT THE FUCK OFF, WOULD YOU? PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP!"
John simply nodded and wiped the tears from his eyes, pushing his gaze to the ground.
His voice was so heavy with sarcasm, however, that Sherlock almost laughed. He didn't though. He didn't want John to start considering him a friend, or even a decent person. Just because this boy didn't seem as repulsed by first meeting him as most people did, did not mean that his opinion wouldn't change eventually. Anyway, Sherlock wasn't here to make friends. He was here to serve a prison sentence for his parents (and hopefully get into just enough trouble to keep himself from dying of boredom).
"Not at four-thirty in the morning, I don't-"
Over the past few weeks, Molly's friendship with Sherlock and John had grown to the point where she was around their room fairly often, no longer so prudish about being in "the boys' wing". Sometimes they discussed what Moriarty's plans might be, other times they just chatted. She was really quite fun to have around, actually.
"I mean," Molly continued. "The way you kicked me out was rather rude, but you did save my life before that, didn't you?"
Having skipped out on Behavioral Corrections the same way as they had yesterday, John and Sherlock had a whole hour to kill before their detention. Both boys sat on their individual beds: Sherlock flipping through one of John's anatomy textbooks while John doodled aimlessly on the corner of his unfinished maths homework.
The way the boys continued to dance around the truth that was so clear between them was objectively comical, but neither felt inclined to laugh. Their synchronized heartbeats could be heard from a mile away.
"Well now that he knows who I am," Jim continued, his grin widening, "We need to get everyone
Sherlock waited silently.
"I don't
"And denying it won't make it go away," Mycroft assured him. "Trust me, I know."
Wait a second...
Greg laughed and threw his arms around him, before pulling back away too soon. "God, last I remember I was going to follow you. But then...I think I was drugged." He squinted, trying to remember, before deciding that it wasn't important at the moment. "You look absolutely awful, though. What the hell did I miss?"
Sherlock was speechless, but didn't get a chance to respond before a large hand picked up John's tray of pancakes and sausage and dumped it over Sherlock's head.
Greg looked shocked. "At all?"
"You know what? Never mind." He almost growled, unable to believe that he had allowed himself to believe that someone cared about him. Even for a second. "Just go back to bed."
"Now, I just want to know what you're up to."
Harvey's smile dropped. In the same moment, the tension eased and Viktor and John relaxed. It was clear who had won.
"Hey," John said, taking Sherlock's trembling hand in his. "It's okay to be freaking out."
"Oh, please!" Greg strode back over to his side of the room and flopped onto his bed with a sports magazine. "Why on earth would a Korean dictator write to a random teenager in England asking for nukes?"
be about me. Mycroft may be alive, but...but someone else died tonight"
Mycroft sighed. "I knew you were awake-"
"Sherlock please, I can explain-"
"I'm not supposed to be doing this," she whispered. "But I like you. And I tend to want the people I like alive. Come over tonight if you want answers."
"So did you find what you were looking for?" Molly asked eagerly.
John just smirked. "Who needs breakfast? Isn't it the most overrated meal of the day? Cereal propaganda and all that?"
in Korean. Frustrated with himself, he moved to consult his dictionary, only to find Gavin standing right by his desk, attempting to read over his shoulder.
"Young man, would you mind telling me what the hell you're doing in this neighborhood at this time of night?" He demanded.
Having long ago finished her homework, Molly was lying sideways on one of the boys' beds– she didn't know whose– playing Candy Crush on her phone. She didn't play games often, but she needed something mind-numbing to keep her thoughts away from Sherlock and John. They had only been gone for an hour, yet Molly couldn't help but worry about them. If what Sherlock had said was true– if Irene was really working for Moriarty– could her friends be in danger tonight? Was she a horrible person for not going with them to the party?
Mycroft paused in the doorway of the bathroom. Greg was worried about him?
__________________________
It was one of those unbearable August evenings, when the air is so thick with heat that it seems to be sitting on top of your shoulders, weighing you down. John Watson could feel it as he trudged along the dimly lit streets of London, the strap of his duffle bag digging into his shoulder.
Groaning loudly at his own failure as a brother, Mycroft threw his phone against the wall. He heard the screen shatter, but he didn't care. He just sank to the ground and put his head in his hands, knowing that he'd definitely be crying if he hadn't run out of tears long ago.
On the way there, John tried to get some answers out of Sherlock. "What the hell is going on?" He kept asking. "Why are we in trouble?"
got to be
Not wanting to run into his brother, Mycroft took the long way back to the B hall. Thankfully, by the time he reached his room, there was no one in sight.
"I have, and I'm 100 percent positive of it's accuracy."
They shared a laugh and continued on to their room, leaving Mycroft and Greg to sit in the darkened supply cupboard in stunned silence, working desperately to calm down their hearts and to summon the courage to leave.
stupid idea-"
Sherlock had four classes with John: chemistry, English, maths, and Behavioral Correction. That last one- a required class that was supposed to teach every student how to "be a better person"- sounded like the most boring thing in the known universe to Sherlock. He was glad to have John to keep him company.
"Yeah yeah, I get it. Shit's classified." Greg chuckled once more, and resumed reading his magazine.
The rest of the officer's words were drowned out as five patrol cars pulled into the abandoned hospital parking lot, sirens blaring.
Molly opened her mouth, then closed it again. She obviously did not want to leave, but didn't seem to know what to say. She bit her lip, then quickly turned and left the room.
John cringed at his own awkward introduction. It was just really hard to think straight when someone's eyes were practically boring into you.
"Moriarty isn't here, I already-"
"What?" Mycroft looked down at his impressive abs, as if he had forgotten they existed. "Oh. Um, no actually. These were a result of basic training for my position. I usually don't care much for exercising."
Mycroft opened his mouth in the hope that some form of coherent response would evolve out of nothing, but a crackle over the loudspeaker saved him the trouble.
He jumped up and banged on his brother's bedroom door. "Mycroft! Mycroft! Mycroft, open up! Mycroft! Mycroft!"
"I'm not letting you go until you answer me! Are you in danger?"
?" John asked.
"Well, we're not!" John snapped, his voice shaky and his face flaming red.
"Well that's good, at least," said John. "I wonder why he bothered drugging
"Alright then. Now, get the hell out of my classroom."
__________________________
"What are you talking about?" John said, although he had a vague idea.
"Shut up, will you? I'm getting there!" And with that, Sherlock went on to relay the details of the entire night (omitting the brief moment he and John had shared in the hallway, of course) as Molly listened silently, nodding and gasping at all the appropriate moments.
The next thing they did-which was Sherlock's brilliant idea- was find Viktor's Jacobsen's room. Sure enough, the horrid mess there left no doubt that the dead body on the school grounds was his. Not only that, but evidence had been planted which would pin the attack directly on Sherlock.
"My thoughts exactly," Sherlock agreed. "That's a class I won't be attending again."
"Yes it was."
"I'm serious, I don't think I've seen you eat one bite of food since I met you. I'm kind of concerned-"
"Shhh!" Mycroft quieted his friend, trying to listen. Yes, the voices were getting closer. And one of them was definitely Moriarty's.
When no one could answer Mr. Dixon's question, he just sneered. "If that ever happens again, the whole class gets detention!" He yelled before turning back to the blackboard.
Reluctantly, Sherlock took the book and opened it to his saved place. Meanwhile, John sat at his own desk to work on his chemistry homework, and waited.
"Shut up, you arsehole, it was an accident! Besides, it's not like anyone saw us," she bit back, even as she scanned the hall nervously. "Everyone's at breakfast."
Rope? Check.
Half an hour later, the police officer was gone and the Holmes household was in an uproar.
Like the fact that Mycroft was sitting in his seat behind Sherlock, with his head in his hands and looking utterly broken.
"What kind of business?"
"All in good time, Molly dear," he muttered, not glancing up from the screen, but John thought he glimpsed the smallest hint of a smirk. He seemed to enjoy keeping Molly waiting, as if her growing frustration amused him.
"Hey!" Molly interrupted. "What are you two talking about?
Just thinking about what he was leaving behind made John shiver, despite the heat. That final image of his shitty excuse of a father beating up his drunken mother on the kitchen floor, while his sister lay drugged up in her room, was enough to traumatize any fourteen-year-old boy. But John had seen it all before, and worse. That was his life.
When John managed to find the words, he asked, "How did you know about my ribs?" John actually thought he had been hiding it quite well so far, knowing that if he so much as winced in front of his father, he would suffer even more for it.
John was about to argue this point when another boy dropped himself down into the seat across from him. Actually, 'boy' seemed like the wrong word to use for this monster of a teenager. He was huge and had a shaved head, dark circles under his eyes, and a scowl on his face.
Just as Sherlock was about to make his exit, a loud, familiar voice sounded from behind him.
"My mind palace, John, I'm quite sure I didn't stutter. If you're going to be an idiot, I'd appreciate it if you'd leave the room."
you bloody idiot. Tonight was never about him. No, my friend, tonight was all about
Silencer on gun? Check.
"It's okay," John repeated in a comforting tone, apparently unaware that his friend was now shaking for an entirely different reason.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Yes, Greg, but it's not that simple. If it were, I would've done it already. He's expecting me, and I still need information! I don't know what his plan is. I don't even know who he's working with. All I know is that he's after Sherlock, and now that Sherlock knows this he's going to be putting himself in even more danger because he has to play
Both boys did so immediately, and as they did they became aware of wailing sirens approaching.
"Hey!" John yelled. "What the hell are you doing to her?" But Sherlock was already halfway over there.
Mycroft tried to return to his planning, but gave up after a couple minutes. Far too distracted at this point, he decided to give thinking a break, and settled instead for watching Greg as he threw the ball up into the air and caught it with impressive reflexes.
"MYCROFT!"
After that, they both made sure to dispose of their weapons. Sherlock wanted to keep the gun he had stolen from Irene, since he didn't have one of his own, but Mycroft shook his head. He still didn't know what tomorrow would look like, but he knew that if either of them were found with weapons they'd definitely be screwed. So he dropped Sherlock's newly attained gun, along his own, into the bushes below his window and texted a quick code to his boss. The weapons would be gone by morning.
Sherlock shook his head. "Not all of it. Yes, my brother lives, but I think it's safe to assume that my own fate is sealed.
"Come on, it's a good plan! Just because it's not
he could never sleep, or
"Call me Myc again and I definitely won't tell you."
___________________________
!" Sherlock exclaimed in frustration. "Why can nobody understand that?"
"Oh my god!" Molly exclaimed. "That's horrible."
For Greg had not stopped strumming the instrument since Mycroft had entered the room, and he could no longer take it. The way he sat with his shaggy brown hair falling in his eyes, combined with the beautiful notes he was producing with his callused fingers, gave Mycroft a strange but immense urge to grab the boy by his loose t-shirt and kiss him.
Mycroft stared at him. This kid was insane. He was stupid. He was careless. He was so fucking adorable that Mycroft wanted to jump out the window just to make his heart stop doing this ridiculous thing it was doing.
There was no ambulance, and no body. All that remained were police cars and the uniformed men surrounding them, looking useless. Mr. Harvey stood talking to three of them, his expression and demeanor quite appropriate for the situation. However, even from his window, Mycroft could see behind the mask. Harvey was stressing a lot less about the dead boy on his hands, and a lot more about the confrontations with parents he would undoubtedly be facing in the following weeks.
*A/N: Everything might seem a bit random now, but it is all relevant and will connect to the plot. You'll see :)*
"What?"
Mycroft? You're supposed to be the responsible one!"
"Well, I don't see why not," said John, looking at Sherlock for affirmation.
happened to you?!"
For a split second, Sherlock's and Mycroft's eyes met before quickly averting from each other, leaving both boys to wonder what exactly that meant.
A familiar baritone cried out, "John, RUN!", but not before John felt a stabbing pain in his neck and his world turned dark.
"What about your other jobs?" Jim demanded. He felt a bit guilty about the amount of work Seb had to do tonight. He might've done the first real murder himself, but setting up that fake scene for Mycroft Holmes had taken up a lot of Jim's time.
John grimaced and nodded at Sherlock. Together, the boys stood up from their cushions and silently creeped out the door.
"I just....became used to it, I suppose."
"Full name?"
"What?"
Mycroft swallowed back a sob. He took a deep breath in and exhaled slowly, a trick for stopping tears that he had learned when he was very young. Then, he took Greg's face in both his hands and kissed him hard. He felt Greg gasp into his mouth before kissing him back earnestly.
"Then get the hell out of here before he decides to use you as bait a second time!"
With a sound halfway between a
Fuck.
"Excuse me, are you two quite finished talking back there?" Mr. Dixon said loudly, making John jump.
Greg rolled his eyes. "Oh please. You think you're so mysterious, but I can read you like a book. It's obvious that you care about your brother, no matter how much you two fight."
__________________________
"Right, so I suppose I should bring you two up to speed," said Sherlock, turning back to his laptop as if nothing had happened.
Mycroft froze. How....how did he...?
do you do that?" He blurted out, suddenly.
She ended it with a loud smack, finally prying their faces apart. "Goodbye, my love," she breathed, and walked away without another word, leaving Sherlock leaning against the wall to avoid falling over and wondering what the fuck had just happened.
"You know Sherlock," said John, as the boys took their seats, "I have some energy bars in my bag if you-"
Sherlock almost scoffed and said 'How about you try not making your password
Their bully was back.
"Well yes, that's the plan," said Sherlock, still staring at John intently. "Not severely, just until I get some decent information-"
No response. Just the same, stony silence. His eyes didn't even seem to be moving, like they normally did.
Seb grumbled to himself as he disinfected his skin up to his forearms. When the boys were finished cleaning themselves up, setting aside their bloodstained clothes to take care of later, Jim sat at his desk to look through some old files while Seb stood aside to wait for directions. "What's my next job, you're highness?" He muttered sarcastically.
The boy rolled his eyes. "Do you realise how insane you sound right now? What, are you in the secret service or something?"
Jim became even more annoyed at this. "We have an agreement, Irene! You
Jim rolled his eyes. "Quit your whining; you're the one who wanted to help me. Besides, you still have work to do after this."
Mycroft sighed from his bed, where he had been lying silently for quite some time. As uncomfortable as the question made him, he was honestly surprised that Greg hadn't bothered him with it sooner. Even more surprising was the fact that he had been allowed to lay here completely undisturbed since the assembly, allowing him to thoroughly analyze his situation while his roommate left him alone to do so.
"Sherlock, I couldn't get out of this if I wanted to. It's my assignment-"
Mycroft didn't answer, still breathing heavily and trying to figure out why the fuck he had just said all of that. Sure, he was pissed off by everything that was going on, but he didn't blame Greg. He just took it out on him because....well, because being with Greg forced him to feel. And he hated it.
"I hate you," said Mycroft, which Sherlock found so childish, considering his recent behavior, that he laughed.
"Because the class is bollucks, and I wouldn't sit through it if you paid me."
He sat back on his bed and arranged himself in his classic mind palace position, with his eyes closed and his fingers steepled just below his lips. But before he could begin to think-
He unlocked his room, however, to find Greg strumming a guitar on his bed. "Woah, hey Myc. I didn't expect to see you this early."
"Give me one reason why I shouldn't expel you right now," Harvey said, with narrowed eyes.
observing the scene. Beneath the splatter of blood was an unmarred wall; and in fact, now that he looked at it, the splatter itself seemed a bit to artistic to be real. Then he examined the bullet and noticed that it was perfect. Not even the slightest sign of impact.
, while Mr. Dixon himself paced the room and questioned them about why they were sent to Baskerville's.
Sherlock thought, memories of yesterday's fight flooding back to him. He never wanted to see his brother again.
In a heartbeat, Sherlock elbowed Mycroft in the side and escaped his grip. In another, he punched him in the face, sending him to the ground instead. "AND HOW WOULD YOU KNOW?!"
The very second John had retrieved his stuff and closed up the back, his father peeled out, tires screeching, at twice the speed limit. John watched the car until it disappeared around a corner, hoping karma would take effect and his dad would get pulled over by a nearby cop.
"And how the hell are we supposed to go about that now?" Jim cut her off, despite his own thirty-second warning,
Sherlock nodded. "Yes, that's true."
Having skipped breakfast that morning, Mycroft had missed the episode that had occurred with the bully and his younger brother. However, it wasn't hard to deduce once he walked into chemistry and saw Sherlock's damp hair and slightly flushed face.
And he opened his mouth to do just that, but instead of words, a sound that he had never before made in his life escaped him; something between a whine and a moan. And before he can think on it anymore, Mycroft gripped Greg's face in both hands and crashed their lips back together.
Then John found himself wondering how much Sherlock had to look at Molly to know what he did about her. She sat two seats to John's left in chemistry. Was it her that Sherlock was staring at when he seemed to be spacing off in that direction? Why had he been so quick to punch that boy who had his hand up her shirt, and to help her up afterward? Did Sherlock
Mycroft had just smirked. It was great to have his brother back.
But before he could make it to the door, Greg was blocking it with his body. "Mycroft Holmes, you sit the fuck back down before I knock you on your ass!"
The two boys walked to chemistry, with Sherlock still picking bits of pancake out of his hair. "You're lucky I don't like syrup with those," John said, reaching over and running his fingers through Sherlock's curls in an effort to dislodge remaining crumbs.
"ALL LIVES END!" He screamed over the storm. "ALL HEARTS ARE BROKEN! CARING IS NOT AN ADVANTAGE, SHERLOCK!" His voice shook as he said this, and it was clear that he was trying to convince himself as well as his brother.
Well, aren't you the one who always taught me not to care?" Sherlock said from the floor, knowing that if he got up he would just be pushed back down. "You should really follow your own advice."
