“Tell me.” John’s voice was quietly threatening.
Sherlock’s heart twisted in his chest at the worry etched on his mate’s features
with you. But we have time. This part will keep, if you aren’t ready.”
The man laid the item on the velvet board on the counter between them. "Fantastic condition. The silver and inlays are immaculate. And the glass is probably the best I've seen for something like this from the 17th century."
_______________
“’Piss off’!”
Sherlock broke off with a strangled groan. John dug his fingertips into Sherlock’s bum and pulled him as close as possible, taking in as much of the huge cock as he could before Sherlock shouted his release. His hips bucked, but John held him steady and swallowed the thick load. He moaned with complete abandon at the taste and feel of his alpha coming down his throat. He continued pumping the thick shaft with his hand, to add stimulation to the inches he hadn’t been able to fit in his mouth.
John pinched his bum as he passed. “That’s Dr. Watson-
“Okay. So what have they found out?”
“Sherlock, my boy!” he said cheerfully. “Come here, son.”
“That’s it,” John concurred, trying to maintain his equilibrium. He took two steps back to place the syringe in the medical waste receptacle and snapped his gloves off. “As I said, this first one will just help to get you levelled off. But, on the plus side, you won’t have to have another rut for almost twelve months.”
“YAY!” Kit enthused, dashing ahead of John to the washroom.
“Sorry,” John sighed. He leaned in and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist. He nuzzled into his mate’s neck. “I don’t mean to be so moody.”
He stopped at last near his door and pulled out his ticket. He shifted his pack once more, waiting for the announcement. Some of the other passengers had begun to filter out from the lounge, and their conversations and holiday plans rolled over him as they began to gather in their small units around the spot where he was standing.
“John, I don’t deserve anything, except maybe the work and a lifetime of the loneliness to which my disposition tends to lead.” Sherlock placed a hand on John’s injured shoulder. “Is this about giving up your full-time practice? I told you I didn’t think it was a good idea.”
John shook his head, unaware until that moment that he'd been expecting to hear Mycroft Holmes' voice. Sherlock's brother had been an omniscient omnipresence in their lives for so long that he'd almost forgotten: Mycroft had been retired for eight years.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes.”
“What changed?”
John was stinging from the slight, but squared his shoulders. He pressed a hand to his belly as it clenched painfully. “I said, get up and go. You won’t win this fight. He’s mine. My bondmate and the father of our
The lateness of the hour had particularly appealed to him when an old friend from medical school, Mike Stamford, had offered to pay for a sleeper berth for the trip to Cornwall. Fewer passengers meant less racket. Everything was so much louder than he remembered, which was bizarre considering the noise levels where he’d been. Somehow, though, the regular everyday sounds of life jangled his nerves. Perhaps it was the effects of the insomnia, or just another symptom of what his therapist had very quickly diagnosed as post-traumatic stress disorder.
“Because I didn’t want to.” The slightly yellowed cheeks were tinted with a delicate shade of pink. Sherlock swallowed as their eyes met. “You wanted me and I didn’t want to miss my opportunity. It was the only chance I would ever have and so…I took it. I know it was wrong. I know that. But I—”
John knew, and nothing would ever be the same. John would leave. He would leave forever and then…what?
“There,” Sherlock said triumphantly, clearly hitting send on his message.
“Really?”
“Okay, I will,” Sherlock conceded with a giggle. “But I can do that from here.”
John patted his belly. “You’d be surprised.”
“The newspapers were right all along. I want you to tell Lestrade; I want you to tell Mrs Hudson, and Molly. Tell anyone who will listen to you that I created Moriarty for my own purposes.”
"Thanks. Thank you."
“I am not going anywhere,” John said. “Not now. Not ever. You are stuck with me.”
A hand joined his, long fingers circling his fist and pulling his hand toward the base of Sherlock’s cock. “Here,” Sherlock groaned. “Please.”
“Oh, yeah,” John breathed. “Just like that.”
“Lie back and shift up the bed.”
“Yes?”
“Sorry?”
“Also true.”
A few minutes later, the wonderful wet heat disappeared from John’s prick. “John, John. Sorry, sorry. I can’t hold on. I’m going to—”
“Yes,” Sherlock drawled, looking at John with a raised brow. “I genuinely believed I was asexual, and that being so somehow meant I was probably incapable of love as well. I thought I was better off.” He could feel a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. “Little did I know.”
Sherlock bit his lip. “Probably, yes.”
“It is—Margo French?”
“Problem?”
“Fine.”
“Mmmm.” John rocked into Sherlock’s body and stretched up for a lingering kiss. Sherlock’s mouth was heavenly—the plush lips were soft to the touch, but so firm as they covered John’s. John sighed a little, chasing Sherlock’s tongue as it flicked over his philtrum. “I would love that.”
“Yeah. And then when you smiled at me, after the cabbie, I thought maybe I just might be in.”
“I want to make a phone call.”
Molly’s lips turned up in a knowing smile and she crossed the room to lay a hand on his arm. “Sherlock, have you
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed as he stared into John’s hungry eyes. He swallowed hard and nodded, and started down the stairs.
He ate his banana and stared at the wall across from him. A large piece of cork had been placed over the tile about a decade before. It was continuously covered—all of the artwork, stories, school reports and awards that they had once attempted to keep on the refrigerator door had shifted to this new, larger space. These days, there were several sophisticated sketches, three awards (two for academics and a rowing medal—gold), a recent acceptance letter from Trinity College, Cambridge and a postcard from Canada.
Sherlock scowled. Well, that couldn’t be right, could it? Shouldn’t John be saying something romantic or sexy? Wasn’t that what people did in these situations?
Sherlock snickered. “Good guess. I admit it: I was…smitten. What you did for me. You
John shook his head, chuckling softly.
There was a strangled noise from his passenger. John started and quickly bent to pat down each leg before stepping well away. His breathing was erratic now, and he was on the verge of coming in his pants.
Finally, at length, Sherlock pressed home very deliberately and shuddered his release inside John. John clenched around him, mimicking the feel of his body milking Sherlock’s knot during heat. Sherlock groaned and held tightly to John as he rode out his orgasm.
“Yeah!” Archie enthused. “It’s so clever, with all the science and stuff. I want to do some kind of science when I grow up.”
A baby.
“You sound disappointed.”
John tilted his head to look back at Sherlock. He reached up and was granted Sherlock’s tea. He took a sip and made only a mild face at the sugar in it before handing it back.
The uncomfortable tightness in John’s gut settled a bit at that thought. He turned once more to deal with the misguided youth occupying his space. “He’s my mate and you’re sitting in my chair. Don’t say a word, just get up and take yourself off.”
Greg stepped around and over the toys Emmeline and Drew had been playing with since they woke from their afternoon nap. Kit was happily tucked into the corner at the far end of the sofa, playing with his blocks where the babies couldn’t “wreck” them.
Over and over.
“I need you to send a message for me.”
“Must be very special if—”
“Looks like it’s okay, though.” John turned back to face him. “It’s okay. You all right?”
John could feel the hot length of Sherlock’s cock against his thigh. That was his. His to use. To ride. Sherlock—good alpha, good mate—would fill him up. Press against those places inside where he most needed to be touched. Stretch him out and flood him with come.
John sighed, “You feel so good. Knew you would.”
“Come, come, Dr. Watson,” Holmes chided. “Plenty of time for that. Well, I say plenty…once the train departs we’ll have approximately 50 minutes before we reach Reading, where I am certain my pursuers will make an effort to board the train and…reacquire me.”
Sherlock waited, enjoying the tenderness and affection in John’s eyes.
“Not sad,” Sherlock assured him. “Sometimes people cry when they’re happy, too. Though I really have no idea why.”
“Sherlock…”
“There was only one…thing…that could have changed how this all went down, Sherlock,” he said darkly. “And once I knew that was a lie…”
Angie’s laugh was knowing as she swung her long braids over one shoulder. “I’ve already done mine.”
“The presenter? About bloody time.”
“Can I get you two gentlemen anything else?” he asked genially.
. But I had no idea. None.”
“Mike tells me you're expecting. Is this your first?” Mary asked.
“It just wasn't the same,” Sherlock said lightly.
“He is annoying that way.”
“What is?”
“I’ll leave you to it,” Mycroft said quietly, feeling every inch the intruder. Sherlock’s head lifted and their eyes met, just for a moment. Sherlock nodded at his brother as Mycroft closed the door behind him.
“Is there any sherry?”
“I need my phone,” Sherlock said firmly.
“He was a maniac!” John shouted, clattering his teacup back onto the table beside the pot. “Was…” John repeated thoughtfully. “Was the broadcast his doing or is he dead?”
“Not right away, no. I was workin’ in America. Havin’ a grand old time with Magnussen’s people in New York. When I got Mam’s call about Jimmy, it took some time to sort myself out and get a job here in London. But when I did get settled, I looked up Jimmy’s old friends. That’s when I met Moran.”
Mycroft watched as John pressed his lips into Kit’s soft hair. Mycroft had only held Kit on a handful of occasions, but he recalled finding the sweet, milky, baby smell surprisingly pleasant. Strange.
It was not as though he wasn’t elated. Celebrating the Victory in Europe seemed like a miracle. He could scarcely believe it was finally over. And yet, standing amongst his countrymen and comrades, John felt like a fraud.
The baby also haunted his sleep, back in his bed at Baker Street.
John's brow creased. "Yeah. Yeah, that was definitely not good."
Greg sat back in his chair. “Somehow that makes me feel a lot better. How far along are you?”
“Janine?” John muttered.
“Why am I here, Mycroft?” John asked pointedly, ignoring Mycroft’s gesture toward the guest chair in front of the desk. John stood near the door, fists clenched.
“Mrs. Hudson will let them in,” his bondmate shouted back from the sitting room.
“But…”
“All right, lads?” Angelo said brightly. He entered their nook with both of their coats in hand. “Hope everything was satisfactory.
He peered cautiously over the taller man’s shoulder, confirming the presence of two enormous men with no necks dressed all in black. The two goons slowed their pace as the gathering crowd turned to watch the “romantic reunion.” Unfortunately, the two enforcers continued to hover further down the platform, waiting for an opportunity—most likely when the other passengers lost interest in the scene John and his new companion were playing out in front of them.
“What if I can’t?”
“Hello,” he said cheerfully as he approached the point where Officer Fran Williams was about to lose her temper and earn herself a suspension. Her cheeks were flushed with fury and the tiny Welsh woman was in the process of drawing herself up to her full height. She turned as John reached them and he nodded at her in solidarity. “Thanks, Fran. I’ve got this.”
Mycroft raised a sardonic brow.
“Please!” Sherlock tried to push back, intending to impale himself on John’s prick, to end the slow torture and just have John completely inside him.
“More than anyone deserves.”
“Were you sexually active prior to your first rut?”
Sherlock reached over to switch off the lamp, glancing down at his familiar old painting where it sat in the chair.
Mycroft nodded. He addressed his two agents then. “Take Dr. Watson to the car. I’ll be down presently.”
Sherlock brows drew together. “That’s just sensible. Nothing overly cautious about it.”
"That's it, sweetheart. Suck my tits. Come on."
“I’m sorry for what I did. And I’m so sorry I left you,” Sherlock rasped. “So sorry.”
The heat and the sweat and the slightly sour morning breath, along with his own moderately uncomfortable position, should have been enough to kill the mood for John—certainly had been in the past. But with Sherlock, with everything so new, he couldn't wait to touch and taste. He was still eager, still a little desperate for the chance to connect with the man he loved in this wonderful new way.
“I’m a loyal subject and a soldier. I’ll do what I can to protect your secret.” He lifted the tin cup in offering and Sherlock nodded. John lifted his head carefully and pressed the cup to his mouth. Sherlock swallowed and nodded his thanks, and John rested his head back against the pillow. “Is Victor your…boyfriend?” John asked cautiously.
“Am I?”
Sherlock's mouth watered again and his cock throbbed.
“PAPA!!” Kit shouted from the kitchen. There was shuffling noise and then the unmistakable sound of cereal cascading over the lino.
“Gonna fuck your smart mouth,” John grunted, hips snapping forward.
Sherlock nodded vigorously, clearly edging close to panic. “Yes. Of course. Tourniquet.”
The sardonic brow arched once more. “You should know. You’ve just seen it.”
John’s short fuse caught that spark. “You are not!”
“Of course,” Sherlock replied harshly. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
He leaned in to kiss each eyelid.
“Oh my god.”
The tight fingers had returned to Sherlock’s hair, holding him in place as John withdrew and slid home. Sherlock was salivating around the fat prick as it skimmed over his tongue. He suckled as best he could, but it did not take long for John to take control completely.
______________________
“Do you want another lassi?” Sherlock asked.
“Well, I wouldn’t say that,” Michael replied, shaking his head. “You’ve just saved that man’s life. And I understand the police already have Mr. Gutteridge in custody. That’s not nothing.” He turned to John with a smile. “It must be wonderful to work with someone like Sherlock every day.”
He gave his hands a quick going over with a fresh wet wipe, chuckling as Drew babbled away.
“How often would you say you have experienced sexual desire for someone?”
“Sherlock, fuck…”
“I’ve organized the cleaners and they are finishing upstairs now,” Margaret continued. She reached for a pitcher and started filling the tall glasses that were waiting beside it. “Lemon squash?”
John groaned, painfully aware of the latex covering his hands. He was about to tug the gloves off when a thought occurred.
John shot him a dirty look before returning his attention to their son. “Later, pet. Once gran and granddad and Uncle Mycroft come ‘round. All right?”
“I don’t see—”
“She’ll do really well for a bit and then regress.”
Greg raised his head and looked at John. “Never been more sure of anything in my life.”
John licked his lips. “Sherlock thinks so, but…”
Sherlock nodded at Lestrade and grudgingly left John with Donovan. He hated all the questions and hated even more leaving John alone and at her mercy.
“Rest…what?”
“So,” John started. “Insubordination. Wandering about after lights out. Quarters in disarray. Failure to keep your kit.” John shook his head as he loosed the leather belt from its loops and slid it free. “You’ve been a very bad boy, haven’t you corporal?”
The first of three men burst through the heavy wooden doors.
He’d been back living with Mary since the holidays, at Sherlock’s insistence. At first it was to maintain the charade that Sherlock’s actions were to protect his best friend’s wife, and to ensure they could maintain maximum surveillance on Mary until the Magnussen affair was complete. Now, of course, they needed to put all pieces into play. It was time.
“Impressions of writing, left behind from when he’s signed or written on top of—hang on. Sherlock, this…” John traced a hand over the faint depressions in the blotter. “This is a signature. The same signature. Over and over. Jesus—it’s Heatherton’s signature. Gutteridge was practicing it!”
John chuckled. He hadn’t actually told anyone that he was working on a book about their work—an extension of his blog, with a little more narrative flair. Sherlock had been very clear on his feelings about it.
“Budapest.”
John scrambled across the bed, clothes forgotten. “We should have talked.”
“I’m afraid my brother’s rut has hit him a bit early and he isn’t responding very well.”
John blew air out between pursed lips. He watched as Sherlock opened one of the boxes to take out a condom and then began to methodically remove his own clothes. He tossed them on the chair in the corner.
The boy’s flirtatious expression faded. “Sorry?”
“You don’t have a phone of your own? That isn’t standard equipment for spies?”
“Always,” Sherlock affirmed, placing a gentle kiss over John’s bonding mark. “Sleep now. You need your rest. I’ll be right here when you need me.”
Molly shook her head at him. “I have been watching you and John for years, Sherlock.
“Fine,” Sherlock sighed. He relaxed into John and fiddled with the edge of his dressing gown.
“Not a fucking chance.” John swallowed hard. “What. Do you. Want?”
Sherlock licked his lips; John could feel the blood rushing to his face.
“Really is,” John concurred. “Even if it is still a bit chilly for ice cream.”
Sherlock jumped, his heart racing and certain other parts of his anatomy likewise stimulated.
“I’m older than you are.”
Wetting his lips once more with the surfeit of saliva he now had, Sherlock leaned in. He dragged greedy fingertips in a small circle on John's chest, completely surrounding one of the delights he craved. He pressed in with his palm, cupping the flesh and plumping it up. He was very nearly dizzy with the need to taste. To lick. To suck...
“No, you didn’t.”
“Darling!” the man called. He barrelled into John, roughly gathering him into his arms with his small package pinned between them.
“Surely a former army doctor can find something more important to do with his time than rummaging through strangers’ pants,” Holmes deflected.
"Hello there," Sherlock greeted the young man who'd paused near his elbow.
"'Bout time you..."
His patient gave another deep sigh. “What else?”
“Got a real charmer comin’ in. Just for you.”
Sherlock blinked a few times, processing, before a crooked smile appeared. “Okay.”
"This, right now, is about you and me," John said tersely.
He wished it were that simple. Truly he did. He feared it was far worse.
“But sh-she was to blame for that! Not you. Not me. Not Rosie.
The glass canopies of the old Victorian train shed were brightly lit against the dark of the night sky. Here and there whistles sounded, calling for travellers headed home to Bristol or Cardiff after a weekend in London. The shops and ticket counters were closed, and the usually crowded concourse was nearly deserted.
“I’m not sure I understand all of this,” John said wearily, shaking his head. He sat forward in his chair, resting elbows on knees. “This has been such a shock; honestly, I don’t know what to make of it. It’s too much for me take in right now.”
He shook his head and straightened his shoulders. No. It had to be done. Moriarty’s people had to believe it.
“How long?”
“Lube,” John growled, sounding as desperate as Sherlock felt.
“Yes, that’s me,” John called. He stood to follow the young man into the exam room with Sherlock right behind him.
“Aww, that’s lovely,” Francine sighed. “Will you still work, though? For the police?”
John’s fingers twined in dark curls as he pulled Sherlock into another kiss. Sherlock tried to concentrate this time—to catalogue every sensation of John’s lips—but it was no use.
“Liar,” Sherlock whispered, leaning in to breathe this last into John’s ear. With that, he released his grip on the hand John had left on his knee—he slid his fingers away from the underside of John’s wrist, where he’d been taking John’s pulse.
Sherlock smoothed the sandy fringe from John’s brow with an adoring smile as John gasped for breath.
“Hello!” the little girl enthused. She twisted in her father’s arms as John turned to face Sherlock, reaching for the taller man. She tilted her face toward him, eyes closed, lips pursed for the expected kiss.
“I was woken by a pleasant young nurse who brought me tapioca pudding.”
Sherlock sat on the sofa and reached for a plate. He handed it to John. “And Mary?”
“I thought I was very clear about that,” John teased.
His throat closed at the memory of his dead mate. He forced a shuddering breath and reached down to gather his son into his arms. Kit clung to him, nestling his small face into John’s neck to seek the comfort of his omega parent’s scent.
“I researched you. Before we met I discovered everything that I could to impress you.” He laughed bitterly. “It’s a trick. Just a magic trick.”
Sherlock settled next to John and shifted as close as he could get as John's arm slipped around his shoulders. He sighed and leaned into John's side.
“But hard as hell,” John finished.
Sherlock nodded. He was still a little short of breath, his heart still racing. John’s hair was standing on end where Sherlock’s fingers had mussed and dug in.
“Thank you,” John whispered. He raised their joined hands to his lips and kissed the back of Sherlock's fingers. “I love this—being able to lie beside you and tell you how much I adore you.”
“And you invaded Italy.”
“So good,” John encouraged, burying his fingers in Sherlock’s hair once more. He was about to let his eyes fall closed when he felt his lover’s other hand probing at his rim. “Oh, god, yes.”
“Then how? Not even Lucy knows about my military service.”
“Very well,” Holmes said briskly. He offered his own hand this time, and John took it with a feeling of relief. Whoever the man was, John had managed to pass his test. “Thank you, Dr. Watson.”
They walked in silence then, John clutching the arm beneath his fingers for fear it would suddenly disappear. He glanced up at his companion repeatedly, still not quite able to believe that Sherlock was there. Sherlock watched him out of the corner of his eye, his mouth quirked in a crooked grin.
“How about your family? Are your folks well?”
“Where is your papa?” John asked sharply.
Sherlock’s unhappy expression evaporated. “What?”
"Right."
“That was the most ridiculous thing I have ever done,” John panted. He dropped his head back against the wall.
Greg pulled his wallet out. He removed a photo from it and handed it over to John. “She’s a good size, and her heartbeat is strong. It’s…well, it’s a miracle, really.”
“Sir?”
“John, please look at me.”
“Shhhh,” Greg said, patting John’s arm. “He’s here. We just didn’t want him in here going feral until we had the scene under control.”
“Your leg is painful?”
“Oh.”
Was he upset?
“J-John. He’ll bleed out,” she gasped.
“I think we need a housekeeper.”
“Look, Sherlock,” he started. “Look, you need to wake up now. I need you to show them that you are going to be okay. You need to show them that you were not gone too long — ” John’s voice broke.
“And?”
“Won’t be in for supper, so don’t wait anything for me.”
The corner of his mouth turned up in a half smile. He hurried inside, quickly dispensing with his coat. Up the stairs, two at a time, and then...
“Because I—” John took a deep breath between pursed lips. “Because I love you.”
“I’m going to try,” John croaked.
“Which I am.”
“Yes.”
John licked his lips, glancing around them once more. Sherlock followed his gaze. There weren’t many people about, but there were
“Congratulations,” Sherlock offered, looking very sincere.
“I got here as soon as I could…”
John continued the process until Holmes was down to shirt, socks and trousers. The jittery young man had calmed considerably—had become almost subdued, if John were honest—and Ames was looking decidedly bored.
There was an agonizing pause as he waited for a reply.
“Well?”
“Shit.”
“We’re fine,” John said cheerfully. He pulled the infant car seat out into the centre of the floor and stooped to settle a yawning Drew into it. “Down in a minute.”
Sherlock bent and scooped a puzzled Drew into his arms. He reached back for Kit. “Come on, Kit. Come and sit on the sofa with Daddy. He isn’t feeling very well.” Sherlock turned and herded John in that direction.
“Sorry, what?”
“I understand that there are new pharmaceutical options available to help with the alpha cycle?”
“I-I-I could…” Sherlock took a deep breath. “I love you and I want us to be together so you can move back here because this is your home and Emily loves it here and she has her own room because you would share mine and it would be our room because we would sleep together because I love you.”
“Hey, love. Are you awake?”
Mycroft’s smile turned mysterious and he turned to stride back to his chair. “Good afternoon, John,” he called over his shoulder.
“Jesus,” John groaned. “Did Mary…? Sherlock shot her. She was trying to escape with Janine.”
Coming back to himself, Sherlock’s fingers once more tightened around them to help his lover finish. “Come on, John. So lovely like this. So lovely for me. Come. Shoot all over me. I want it. I want your come on me.”
Now here they sat, eating a family dinner at their new dining table.
“Need to…” Sherlock gasped. “Need to come…sir…”
“John.” Her expression was kind, sympathetic. “I’m Zafeera.”
John’s legs began to buckle. “Oh, god, Sherlock. Fuck me. Please, love. Now.”
“And the rest?”
“The, you know. Physical…stuff,” Sherlock tried. He closed the sitting room door behind them. “My experience is not extensive. And I know you’re not gay. But I know some men would…you know. If no one knew. And no one would ever know. Also, I know you care about me and of course I care about you. I would give you whatever you needed. Whatever—” Sherlock broke off, head drooping. He shrugged helplessly. “Whatever you wanted. I would do that. And I would never ask for anything. Or tell anyone. If you…”
“Hey, you okay?” John asked.
“Crimewatch, Newsnight and that stupid gossip program don’t count,” John sighed. “This is different. “This is ‘Escape to the Country,’ Sherlock! Remember? We were talking about it—”
“No. I…no. I just get a little lost sometimes. In my head.”
“Got it in one!” Janine crowed, jumping to her feet. “There, Mary—he’s not as thick as we thought.”
“Something we didn’t expect. He told us about Mary’s slow turn from the CIA and about the mysterious new employer she’d found. The descriptions he gave, well…it didn’t take us long to put all the pieces together.”
John approached his table, where his handsome alpha was waiting…but not alone. He stopped, nearly tripping over his own feet. His stomach gave a sickening lurch as he regarded the man now sitting in his chair.
“Not going to happen,” John assured him.
“What do people normally say?”
The young man searched his face for a moment. Apparently satisfied, he finally answered, “Yes. I’m English.”
“No. But it is a fact of your past. An admirable fact. Sex surrogacy is an honourable and courageous profession, particularly in the service.”
“Kit doesn’t hate you,” William assured him. “Your son looks at you with absolute adoration.”
John set his cup down and wrapped one arm around his mate’s waist. “I know you’re worried, but I’m fine, yeah? I’m pregnant, not ill. And keeping my stress down includes you not giving me aggro every time I want to go somewhere.”
The woman took in his cane; her smile was sympathetic as she met John’s eyes once more. “Sometimes all the good news in the world ain’t enough to make up for the bad.”
“The way you come is perfectly normal, my love,” John assured him gently. “It's amazing.”
He grazed the backs of his fingers over John's bared collarbone. How fortunate that John had come to bed without his pyjamas. So much simpler this way.
“Fifteen years, and you are just going to throw away all the good because…what about Rosie, hmmm? What about our daughter?”
Sherlock bolted, dashing up the stairs, out into the back garden and the heavy rain that was now falling, and made for the lane. He kept running until he reached the main road and took out his phone to call a cab.
“Doctor, please. Calm yourself.” Mycroft waved a hand. “When I chose you, it was not only because of your reputation as a fine physician, but because of your reputation as a soldier. I knew that you would be able to deal with whatever nonsense my brother could throw at you.”
Sherlock gave a long, put-upon sigh (something Kit had also mastered in three short years) and swept Drew into his arms. He spun around the room in time to the (admittedly ridiculous) music, bouncing the small boy up and down.
Mycroft entered the kitchen at Greg’s side, carrying an infant car seat that held their newborn daughter. “This is a surprise. I didn’t expect all of you to be here.”
John’s head came up so he could meet Mycroft’s stern gaze.
His body throbbed as he spurted all over himself and John, nearly collapsing with the force of it.
“That’s very sweet, actually,” John said.
“Yes…yes, sir!”
“I hate it, too.”
“Oh!” Sherlock breathed. He blinked a few times before sneaking a peek.
“Christ.”
“Do you really want me to forget that you told me you loved me? In front of Michael Bennet and the entire film crew?”
Sherlock was interrupted by the arrival of the morning shift change. The nurse clucked over Sherlock, shooing John from the room so she could give the patient a thorough going over. Fifteen minutes later, she finally emerged and held the door for John to go back in.
John beamed at him. "Me, too. So that's settled."
“I know,” Sherlock moaned, placing kitten kisses over the side of John’s face. One hand slipped between them and smoothed reverently over John’s belly. “You smell fertile. Bred. Mmmmine.”
“And then what?”
Mary had made contact and been told to expect instructions (and to be ready to travel) early on Monday.
“Yeah.”
“There,” Sherlock soothed. “I’m in you. We’re one now. Just relax and let me make it all better.”
“Doesn’t appear to be, no.” John thought about this for a moment. “I don’t want to be a part-time father.”
Mary’s face softened briefly. “My god, how are you even real?”
“As big as I thought you were,” Sherlock growled. He arched his hips off the bed, pressing his own aching cock into John’s thigh.
“Yes, but…”
“The jab. Intravenous, intramuscular…”
He jumped up and began to pace. He needed something to do, but somehow couldn’t think of where to begin. Everything was jumbled. Nothing was as it ought to be.
"Walk-in for you. You have time, if you would like."
"That…might be good, yeah."
“Well, I am,” Sherlock said solemnly, burying one hand in John’s hair to pull him close for another kiss.
"Wine would be nice. You pick."
“John, you shouldn’t do this.”
“No,” Sherlock said honestly. “What do they need you for?”
“He’s a patient.”
“Jesus, stop saying that word like that,” John begged, gritting his teeth. He shifted on his feet a little, obviously trying to get a little more comfortable. “You sound like someone is sucking your cock.”
“Oh, it’s—I don’t—” Greg sighed. “Probably nothing. Well, not nothing. Just that time, I suppose.” Greg’s usually cheerful expression faded and he rubbed a hand over the back of his neck. “I didn’t expect it to bother me like this. I always thought Tara and I might have a chance at a kiddie before the end. But then she left and I—well, I guess that’s me done.” He shrugged. “It’s just part of life, isn’t it?”
He knew he was not a commanding presence, being of smaller stature and relatively unarresting features. His close-cropped, greying sandy brown hair was nothing to take note of, though his dark blue-greyish eyes were all right, he supposed. Still, most people these days hardly paid him any attention. He moved through London’s crowded streets like a ghost, only occasionally meriting a look of pity when someone noticed his cane.
“Oh, some undercover work in Eastern Europe,” Sherlock sighed.
“That’s what happens when you leave the hospital with an unhealed gunshot wound.”
“Hmmm?”
Sherlock turned back to meet his brother’s eyes with a smirk. “Not in any way I didn’t want him to. Nothing…
John was straightening the collar of his only paternity suit jacket when the doorbell sounded.
“You’re welcome,” John replied, his smile a bit crooked.
“Well, go on. I didn’t make it for nothin’.”
“And you married me anyway. Knowing how I felt about him, knowing I would only grow closer to him again and away from you. No ulterior motive there?”
“But still one too many for my brother.”
Kit swiped at a fat tear, nodding.
“Would one rut a year be better than four?”
Not that it mattered—his alpha appeared to have buggered off to parts unknown. Of all the times for Sherlock to get distracted.
Cashel was a classical pianist. He’d been studying at the conservatory since he was 12 and intended to see it through. She was concerned that he wouldn’t be able to support himself, but she would never let him see that. He was her tender-heart—he loved people and felt things deeply and was therefore often hurt. Still, she wouldn’t change him for the world.
John glanced down, chagrined, but Sherlock continued to glare at Janine.
The passenger’s eyes narrowed at him. John elected to ignore this. He stepped behind the counter and quickly logged into the computer.
Drew beamed and nodded his agreement with that plan.
John moved first, but by a heartbeat. They reached for each other—arms wrapping tight, mouths pressed hot and wet, and naked flesh touching in places it never had before.
John licked his lips. “I…I need to take my stuff. Upstairs. Get settled. You know.” He gave a half smile and backed away as quickly as he could. He grabbed his bag and headed toward the stairs.
"That's great. Fantastic."
“Exactly,” John smiled fondly. “And there are an awful lot of alphas who would think you weak and less of an alpha because you feel that way. Just like there are plenty of omegas who give me the gears about putting myself in danger when I’m working cases with you.”
John drew away from Sherlock’s chest with a sigh and dropped his gaze to the fastening of his trousers. “Let’s just get these out of the way.”
“”Hmmm, that, too,” Sherlock replied without a hint of irony.
Holmes was watching him with an intense scrutiny the likes of which John had never experienced. He tried not to flinch as the man watched him and, finally, nodded. John had the strangest feeling that he had just gained some kind of approval.
He swallowed, tracing the last droplets from his lips with his tongue. He huffed with amusement. “Ah, and now you look very cross with me.”
. “Oh, god…look!!”
, if you please,” he teased. “I’m a respectable
Sherlock nodded his agreement.
“But—”
“Don’t thank me. You did all the work.” Sherlock moved into the room and dropped gracefully to the floor to sit cross-legged beside the tub. “Too much work. Are you feeling all right?”
“Mmmm, John.”
“I wish—”
He checked his phone and located a hotel nearby. The Morton was just across the square. It would be expensive, but it didn't matter. He needed sanctuary.
Sherlock felt colour rising to his face as he fussed with his gloves. “I'll be sure to pass along your glad tidings, then,” he said, with as much sarcasm as he could muster.
The boy looked John up and down for a moment, his surprise morphing into an expression of scorn. “You’ve got to be joking,” he sneered. “What, you…mated with him? Give over. You’re forty, at least. What would an alpha like him—” He jerked his thumb in Sherlock’s direction. “—want with you?”
“You want my mouth…here?” John rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s nipple, and then rolled it between his thumb and forefinger. “Would you like me to kiss you here?”
John stopped, holding his own hand up in surrender.
"Sure, fine. Send them through."
“You can think here. I won’t pressure you. Please, Sherlock—”
_________________________________________
She squeezed his arm gently before turning to walk away into the growing crowd.
“God, it’s coming on so fast!”
John chuckled, pleased to see his patient smiling as well. “I promise I won’t start with that.”
John sat back against the sofa, stunned. “You? But—”
Sherlock glanced at his lap, clearing his throat, before hazarding a look back in John’s direction. John was still smiling at him. He’d seen the look before. It was the same unaccountably soft expression John had given him after the CIA attacked Mrs. Hudson. He loved this look. Loved it on John’s handsome face. Loved that it was directed at him, even if it was only pretend.
Sherlock nodded enthusiastically, watching in fascination as John shimmied up and then spun on his back until they were top to tail. “Oh! Oh, I see!”
“Yup. I’d be happy to show you, if you’d like.”
“I want to be immersed in you. So I would like to be in your space, in your bed, surrounded by your things.” Sherlock inclined his head toward John. “Is that okay?”
“I love you, Sherlock. I love you.”
His hand had found its way to Sherlock’s nape. He dug his fingers into the soft curls and, with a subtle nod, closed his eyes.
“What if I want to?”
Sherlock’s high-pitched giggle made John smile. “And you invaded Afghanistan.”
“S’pose. But Margaret and William seem to like my choices. They’ve been really supportive about everything, really, especially Will.”
“Oh my god, are you high?”
Sherlock rolled to his back and sat up, wincing a little at his tender bottom. He stood and padded to the bathroom, retrieving a dampened and slightly soapy flannel. He washed John tenderly, trying desperately to avoid dwelling on the smooth flesh of John’s belly where the t-shirt had ridden up, or the springy hair on John’s thighs. Or the feeling of John’s semen leaking from between his own arse cheeks.
“Stops being bogus if I find something,” John said calmly. He looked up at the man once more. Holmes gave a very good impression of haughty indifference, but John could see the signs. He had been on the job for less than six months, but he could tell his passenger was uneasy. Guilty, even.
John chuckled, waving a hand. “It’s fine. Honestly. I’ve made my peace with being mated to a younger man. A very
“Probably,” Sherlock admitted. “There is so much—”
“Of course.”
“Gran's flowers,” Emily said. “I like her garden. I like my window. I like Gran being downstairs. And I like eating my dinner with you.”
John jolted, snapping back in his seat. He fumbled his fork, only just preventing it from clattering to his plate. He glanced around the table quickly, relieved to find that no one seemed to be paying them any mind. He cleared his throat as Sherlock continued to tease at his rapidly hardening prick.
“Keep up, John!”
Sherlock chuckled a little. "Would you like something to eat?"
“I’m so sorry,” the Irish woman said as she turned. “I completely—Sherlock?”
Michael looked from one to the other. “After all the excitement yesterday, you two seem…”
“Yeah?”
“No, love, I don’t know,” John prompted. “What were you afraid of?”
“Sherlock, don’t make this harder. Just tell me.”
“Want you,” John finished, eyes closing once more as he dipped his chin. “God, so much, Sherlock. So much I ache with it.”
Sherlock started at his mate’s voice at his side. John had managed to sneak up on him without his noticing; that never happened. John looked from Sherlock to the boy and back again, waiting for an explanation.
so strange for people to sleep together straight away?"
The lovely high cheekbones became stained with pink. Sherlock directed his gaze to the ceiling tiles.
“What?” John turned, following Sherlock’s waving hand to look at the television. “You’re watching Jeremy Kyle again? I don’t know what you see in —”
Sherlock turned and dragged John away from the scene, well aware that his husband was staring at the side of his head. He stopped finally at Oxford Street and raised his arm for a taxi.
“I know that.”
Even in his drug-addled state, John warred with his better nature. After a brief hesitation, Sherlock felt warm lips against the back of his neck and knew John was about to give in.
John chuckled softly, continuing to slide his hand over Sherlock’s erection. “A little thicker, maybe. Not unusually so.”
John sucked air into his lungs. “It’s why I love you.”
With his free hand, Sherlock dabbed at the corners of his mouth delicately before setting his napkin up on the table. He shoved his chair back with a squeal of wood on wood and stood, halting the rest of the dinner conversation immediately. “Mummy, I’d like to show John the room you’ve set up for Kit to stay over when the baby comes.”
“Let’s not worry about that now,” Sherlock said. “Why don’t I tell you about Victor? Though I warn you, it is the story of a romantic and sexual relationship between two men. Is that something you feel you can tolerate hearing?”
“I don’t know,” John replied with a smirk. “You know how much I enjoy seeing you all tied up.”
“Get to your rack. Now.”
“No,” Mycroft answered, smirking now. “Naturally not.”
The trip home in the cab was quiet, but filled with an almost giddy expectation.
Greg snickered. “Never a dull moment.”
“Good evening, John.”
John frowned as he took in the scene before him. There was a carefully laid table with fine china, linens and flowers in the middle of the room. Soft music played in the background and the lighting had been dimmed to romantic levels.
With a firm nod, Sherlock considered his options. He elected to do the most expedient thing—which would bring him closest to John—and dropped to his knees at John’s feet.
“What would you like, sweetheart?”
“Oh, FUCK!”
Sherlock swung the hammer again and again, pounding on the bricks while John relayed the details to the police. Sherlock knew there was no rush, not really, but he needed to know they were right. As he took hit after hit, quickly making headway, he could hear noises coming from within.
In quiet moments at the safe house during their hiatus, with Sherlock still “dead,” they had managed to work through most of their issues related to Sherlock’s deception and the trauma John and Kit had suffered as a result. There had been tears and some shouting, though John had never made good on his warning of a possible punch.
It was William. John knew he wouldn’t be able to hide his distress from his very perceptive father-in-law. He gulped loudly, struggling to gain control of himself in order to reply. “Yes?”
"Lovely. I've got one of each. Cashel with Aidan and Deirdre with Max—my most recent disaster." She made a disgusted face and then laughed.
John nodded vigorously. “Oh, god, yes.”
Greg stepped out of the changing room, arms held wide for John to get a good look at the outfit. John tried to appraise it objectively—he’d never been much of a judge of clothes himself (as Sherlock would happily tell anyone who’d listen to him lament John’s jumper collection), but he knew it was important to his friend.
“Yes, sweet boy?”
“I know that, sir. But it’s a risk I’m willing to take.”
“Well, obviously I knew his intention was to get you to jump. I didn’t know…he didn’t tell me about the gun.”
“Please.” Sherlock tugged at the elastic panel of John’s pregnancy trousers. “God, please.”
___________________________________
“Mmmm,” Sherlock said with a wicked gleam in his eye. “Wasn’t it just, though?”
“You’re one to talk,” he deflected finally. He finished with the wrap on his patient’s abdomen and moved the sheet aside to begin work on the bandages covering Sherlock’s hip and thigh. “I’m not the one who’s —” John glanced around him before finishing in hushed tones. “Who’s a
“He was a right prick, though, wasn’t he?”
John shifted his feet, itching to flee. "Ah well, no divorces, but...well, I'm on my second as well, actually."
“You punched me.”
“I know.”
“Is — is that a
“He wasn’t affected by it?”
It was more than a bit not good. Of course it was. But Sherlock had never claimed to be a good man.
“It was nothing,” Sherlock said dismissively. He flopped onto the seat next to his mate and straightened his scarf.
“What? What is it?” he half shouted, disoriented.
“Well, that’s it,” he said.
“Perhaps,” the alpha suggested gently. “Perhaps it would be best if you were to engage in these activities in the safety of our bed from now on?”
With a wink for old Mr. Blue Skull, Sherlock turned out the light and moved to follow the man he loved.
“I know. On a mobile?”
“Alpha, definitely. She is so sweet and very gentle, but she always knows exactly what’s what and has no qualms at all about directing others. She’s territorial, though more as an observer/defender.”
“Your phone. It’s expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player, but you’re on your way to live in Cornwall, so you wouldn’t waste money on this. It’s a gift, then. But it’s covered in scratches. Not one, many over time. It’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting across from me wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s easy. You know it already.”
“Ah, no,” John said, wincing. “I’m a little off today. Stomach bug, I think.”
“Yes.”
“So,” John began.
John dropped the bandages as though scorched himself and nearly overturned his stool in his haste to back away from Sherlock’s bed. He was breathing too fast — on the edge of hyperventilating. He blinked at Sherlock, who was now watching him with a look of genuine surprise.
“I can see why he was jealous of Heatherton’s gardening trophies,” John whispered as they made their way through overgrown bushes and dead plants.
“I like this,” she said softly.
“You know she didn’t call the ambulance.”
“Over,” John sighed, rubbing their cheeks together.
“That’s because she’s very new, and she’s had a bit of a day,” John said wearily. He smiled at Kit, who was kneeling beside him on the bed peering down at their new family member.
“You…oh, god…I want to…”
“I wasn’t thinking.”
“You wanted me.”
“There aren’t any—for god’s sake, are you an idiot?”
He waited until the door closed behind her before scooting his chair closer to Sherlock’s and covering the twitching violinist’s fingers with his own.
“Inside!” an English voice shouted.
“Come on. Take this and meet me in bed. I’ll get the glasses. There’s something I’d like to tell you.”
There was a pause and some footsteps. “There,” John said. “That works.”
“Take care, John. Until next time?”
“Gutteridge is not very popular, at least according to Mrs. Gamble. He’s lived in the area all his life, but while Heatherton—a relative newcomer—sat on committees and the parish council, always won the gardening trophy, and had his poems as the centerpiece of a local literature festival—for which he also served as a judge—Gutteridge couldn’t get a sniff.”
Head thrown back, arms wide in abandon—with complete trust and adoration—John came.
“My little Pinatubo.”
John’s temper flared. “Fifteen years, Sherlock.”
Kit thought about that for a moment. “Well, Papa’s good at sorting, but he doesn’t know where the blocks should go.”
“Sherlock, you are gorgeous.”
Sherlock turned the key in the latch and pushed the glossy black door open, fulling expecting to see Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock jerked his hips awkwardly in an unschooled effort to gain friction. John obliged, stroking up and down his length twice.
mate! Look what he’s done to my omega!”
Sherlock grabbed for him. “John! Oh, god. No. No.” He gathered John into his arms as John scrambled to try and staunch the heavy flow of blood.
"That, too."
“Course,” John started kindly. “You make your way, and wish him the best from me.”
John picked his head up and looked down between them…where his alpha was now smearing their merged fluids over both their bellies. John hated the sticky feeling, and he wasn’t—or at least he never had been—interested in the whole alpha territorial marking thing. But for some reason all he could do was smile fondly at Sherlock’s intensity in the task.
Sherlock gazed down at his mate—no longer his bondmate, at least not right now—and smiled. “I love you, John. I thought I understood that before I…
“God, your skin…”
“It’s fine,” John said, his professional smile back in place. “It’s all fine. Let’s get back to you, shall we?”
“They adore you. Both of them. And I’m sure Archie’s plan to read chemistry at uni is all down to you.”
There was a gentle tapping at the closed door. “John?”
John sighed as he felt movement against his now oversensitive prick. “What is it you’re doing now?”
Kit chimed in from the sitting room. “Papa has to filtra lot of wit-wit-wit…”
“I-I have to…” John stumbled back, away from the bed and the temptation of Sherlock’s bared flesh. He could remember the smell and the taste of it. The feel of it beneath his hands. The heat of it surrounding him.
“No permanent damage, but he was very shocky when we got him in tonight. Again.”
Sherlock choked, and started to release his hands to reach for John’s thighs.
“A date?” Sherlock repeated, turning his head so their noses were nearly touching.
"Was I one of your disasters?"
Sherlock waited until John had moved back behind the ambulance station. “Stop there.”
Sherlock took his father’s arm and followed along in his mother’s wake. It was going to be a very long afternoon.
“Never going to leave again,” Sherlock breathed. “Promise.”
“Sherlock,” Holmes gasped. “Call me Sherlock.”
“Not today,” Greg said patiently. “Sorry, John. I really have to go.”
John stretched up and placed a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s mouth. “That is an excellent beginning.”
“He likes it!”
Sherlock’s nostrils were flared and his pupils dilated. “Yes,” he growled.
“Sorry.”
Greg’s expression was a little wistful as he turned to watch Sherlock once more. “It’s good to have him back.”
“Silly,” Mary chided.
“Skull,” William said, sounding very pleased with himself. He nudged Sherlock with his elbow. “Just your sort of thing. Interesting, eh?”
“Is he okay?” he asked, trying not to sound panicky as he pointed at Sherlock’s bed. “Has anyone checked his vitals? Is there a guard outside the door?”
John snickered. “Yeah, I do.”
“Hey!” A voice called from the top of the stairs, followed quickly by footsteps. “What are you two doing down there?”
“Not having a look yourself?”
“I don’t want to be bothered with all of it,” Sherlock went on, one hand flapping along with his words. “It’s messy and inconvenient and entirely distracting. If I allowed blood flow to be redirected to my penis in those quantities on a regular basis, my mind would suffer. And my mind is the only thing that matters.”
Sherlock did not answer immediately, which drew John even tighter. Finally, Sherlock sighed.
“Can I go first?” Sherlock asked hopefully.
“Oh, I think that’s a foot.”
“John?”
“Yeah,” Kit agreed, nodding wisely. “Prob’ly.”
John nodded, eyes twinkling. “Really. You?”
“What?”
“Now what, then?”
“Dr. Wat — John,” Sherlock started patiently. “I am an alpha. I have been struggling to ignore my biology and the distraction of my body’s urges for three years. If there is anything you can do to help minimize this, well, I suppose I would be…grateful.”
“Ah, well, I couldn’t really say. Potty training is actually Sherlock’s department.”
, John thought.
said she should have some fun, see the world.”
“Me, too,” Greg admitted. “So anyway, he asked me to come to his office. He was concerned there might be a leak in the department, given some of the stories in the press after Sherlock came home.” Greg stood as Jeremy returned. The young man handed him a new shirt and he ducked back into the roomy cubicle and pulled the curtain closed. “I went to his personal office—you know the one.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” the boy scoffed. “If you want him, you’ll have to prove you can keep him.”
John stepped back, tucking himself away and fumbling his gloves off. He fastened his trousers and nodded sadly, turning to retrieve the man’s mobile from where he had placed it in the plastic bin for x-ray after pulling it out of the inside breast pocket of the suit jacket. He handed it to Sherlock and leaned back against the table, waiting for the inevitable.
Sherlock pounded his mate’s arse relentlessly, slowing only occasionally to change the rhythm and ease himself back from the edge. After a while, he released John’s hips and stretched over his mate’s body. He twined their fingers together and mouthed at the back of John’s neck.
“Mmmm, better,” John praised, falling into his role with remarkable ease. He fisted Sherlock’s cock smoothly, setting a gentle rhythm that had the detective panting very quickly. “Do you like that?”
It was an empty life, and he had been merely taking up space in it.
During their first taxi trip to Brixton, Sherlock and John had taken turns glancing at each other—in surprise and in blossoming appreciation. Tonight, however, Sherlock couldn’t focus on the city outside the cab at all. He stared at John…who was staring right back, with a perfectly contented expression on his face.
Sherlock stepped closer, glaring down at John. “But it
He and Sherlock belonged together. That was all there was to it. This was a rough patch. According to every form of media available, every marriage had them. They would get through it.
Sherlock nodded eagerly and turned to drape himself back over the edge of the bed. He spread his thighs, inviting John to stand between them, and rutted against the mattress.
John was upstairs and well beyond hearing him when he was finally able to whisper, “Good night, John. Merry Christmas.”
John kissed him again, more deeply this time. He pulled back, leaving only enough space between their mouths to whisper, “That’s what you taste like in me.”
“I see. Any side effects?”
“It’s my pleasure,” Mycroft said evenly, though his softened expression when looking at his two nephews betrayed his fondness for them. “Mummy is thrilled to have them.”
John’s body responded immediately to the sight of Sherlock’s nudity. His thighs were lean, but very muscular and covered with a light dusting of dark hair. The scarring down his left side did nothing to detract from the continued loveliness of his milky skin decorated with a scattering of delicate moles. And his penis…well, John knew he was hardly a connoisseur, but he had seen a few in his time. It was not overly large, but pleasantly symmetrical with a slight downward curve. The foreskin had already retracted enough that John could see the slit, and the bead of pre-come that had gathered there.
“I have done dozens of times, and you’ve never remembered.”
Sherlock’s words died in the air as John placed his right hand in the centre of Sherlock’s chest.
“Mind, Dr. Patel was covering the walk-ins today,” Angie continued, tapping away at her computer. “Did you want me to switch any of your patients ‘round, if they can come today?”
“I’m sorry,” John murmured. He pressed his lips to the ruined skin covering the upper curve of Sherlock’s left pectoral. “I wish I had been able to do more.”
The claiming bite had been made; John went limp.
John paused, a little concerned now that whoever was calling on him had simply bypassed the building’s security. He stepped over to his desk and pulled open the top drawer. He withdrew his service revolver (which he was not meant to have) and tucked it into the pocket of his dressing gown.
They entered the conservatory to find his parents waiting on a settee. His mother had the unflinching stare and confident demeanour of an alpha. She was a fairly tall woman, with mostly grey hair pulled back into a functional low ponytail. She was sturdier now, and still handsome, but she had been a stunning beauty in her youth.
Sherlock looked down at the spot where their hands touched.
protection from your pack.”
“She’ll read Classics or something, and she’ll do well. And she’ll probably win more medals for rowing. But in the end, she wants to live in a small village somewhere—in a cottage—painting and drawing and spending time with someone she loves.”
“Oh, am I?” John fluttered his eyelashes. “Well, I’m overcome. You should be careful—flattery like that might just turn my ordinary mind to mush.”
“Just so. He offered to sell Mary to them.”
“I don’t know how I’ve not managed to make this obvious, but I think you are fascinating.”
“God, I hope your brother is early.” John stood with a crooked grin and collected the two boys. “Come on, you two. We need to get cleaned up. You’re going to go spend a few days with Gran and Grandad.”
“Don’t change the subject,” John said testily. “I’m not good enough for you. You should have someone like that boy. Fresh and ripe, unmarred and full of life. Smelling like vanilla and—”
“Candy. No point sending them all home without the sugar high.”
“We are. For each other. You loved me because of who I was, not what I was—the same way I love you. If we’d never had kids, I know you would still love me.”
“Only a few minutes out of Eastbourne.”
“Look pretty, Daddy,” Kit said approvingly, patting his omega father’s cheek with one hand. He leaned in and wrapped both arms around John’s neck and rested his cheek against John’s shoulder.
Now, though, as Sherlock was crouched over yet another corpse, John could sense something was different. Something was wrong.
okay?”
Sherlock’s panic began to take root. He’d been nurturing this idea for nearly two months, but he’d managed to prevent himself from forcing a conversation before he had fully prepared for the consequences of what he had just asked. Now, though, the look on John’s face was terrifying him.
“Okay?” the boy asked, his little brow furrowed exactly as his papa’s might do.
“Sherlock DOWN!!”
“No, really, Mrs. Holmes, I shouldn’t,” Greg protested, waving a hand. “I’m meant to be watching my weight.”
“You’re a fan?” Francine asked.
“And Molly.”
“You deserve better.”
When he finally woke, it was to filtered sunlight peeking between the heavy curtains, and the unusual and very pleasant sight of John staring down at him.
Only at the end, as John roared through the final pushes to bring their second son into the world, had Sherlock begun to break. He said later that he had never been as frightened as he was seeing John in that much pain.
“Sherlock?” John asked finally. “Is something the matter?”
“No. It’s already done.”
“I don’t think he’s Jewish, no,” John replied, feeling a bit sheepish. He hadn’t really taken a good look or anything, but the patient’s clothing had been mostly burned or in tatters when he was brought in — he’d been naked enough for John to know he wasn’t circumcised.
“Mary. Mary Morstan.” John smiled, in spite of himself.
“Oh, yes. You’re sure of that, are you?”
“I was, wasn’t I.”
_________________
“No, no. Of course not,” John replied, fixing a smile on his face. “You are a very kind person. I know you would never hurt me.”
“You are such an obedient boy tonight,” he praised. He dragged his tongue over the lightly furred length of Sherlock’s thigh.
Sherlock started to speak, stopped and then sighed. “I don’t deserve that.”
“I see.”
“Which is it?” Molly asked, finally sipping at her drink. Her eyes flew open as she did. “You got it right,” she said softly. “My coffee is exactly right.”
“My…what?”
Pro: The hottest arse and sweetest cock John had seen in years. And the first time he’d been aroused in an age.
“Patience,” John breathed, trying to work his own cock free of his trousers. He pumped his middle finger in and out of Sherlock’s body until he was reasonably certain he could add another without discomfort. He slid his index finger in alongside the first and scissored his fingers, gently stretching at the tight (oh, god, so tight) rings of muscle.
“What’s that?”
“You know I do,” John said hoarsely. He reached out and drew a finger down over the line of Sherlock’s cheek. “You are the handsomest man I’ve ever known. God, how I want you.”
John was stunned into immobility for a moment. “What?”
And now here they were. Sherlock was once more fighting for his life, and John was…
“Bless you.”
“Such as?” Holmes sounded incredulous.
John grabbed one arm and waited for his colleague—Ames—to take the other. “There will be an opportunity for you to do so once we’ve determined whether or not your case will be referred for prosecution.”
“Right,” Greg said. He watched the doctor with narrowed eyes. “Were you sleeping on the sofa?”
“Oh, fuck…”
John nodded.
“Shit.”
“It isn’t that I
“I-I should go and see…” John stumbled over the words, and was suddenly awkward in Sherlock’s presence in a way he never had been before. He stood, rubbing sweaty palms over his thighs. “I texted Mary to come. She—she’ll probably be here soon.”
“You gave quite a performance.”
“All right, Watson, this is where it starts. We’ve got a lot of years to make up for: Tell me your life.”
Sherlock scowled at him, slapping the remote back down to the desk after muting the telly. “But why bring
“How am I going to concentrate with you around, hmmm?” Sherlock whispered, smiling to himself.
Lombardi landed in a heap in one corner, buried under a pile of luggage and bodyguards.
There was a long pause. John wondered how far Sherlock’s eyes could roll back in his head before they stuck there. He started giggling, losing hold of his journal as it bounced on his belly. He let it fall to the floor.
John chuckled and patted Sherlock’s thigh. “You sound as done in as I feel. Come on, you.”
Francine climbed into the driver’s seat and settled in. As they pulled away, she glanced at them in the rear-view mirror. “We’ve got you in a lovely hotel here in town,” she chirped. “Great views. And your meals are included, of course. Tomorrow will be a big day. You’ll see two properties and do some additional filming. The day after, you’ll film the mystery house and the final interview with Michael.”
“That’s all I ask,” Sherlock said. He turned back to his chair and retrieved his coat. “Better dash—my train leaves at 10:30. Don’t forget your gun.”
Greg was the first friendly face John saw, and he nearly collapsed with relief.
“All of us?” Sherlock glanced at the baby.
“Did you…did you think they wouldn’t approve of me?”
John shook his head, turning back to Greg. He gestured at Mycroft. “Can you clean him up? And try talking to him?”
221B Baker Street had been John’s home for less than a month, and already Sherlock had managed to get them into the middle of Scotland Yard's business: a smuggling ring, two missing prisoners of war and now a murder.
Jeanette held up her mobile and John spoke his name and digits into the microphone. The phone responded audibly with confirmation that the contact had been created.
“Right you are.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and waited. He glared at a nosy woman who peeked over her shoulder from the table closest to them. And he all but snarled at the young man who looked into their private space on his way to the loo.
“Like that, do you?”
“I love you, Sherlock,” John said gently.
“Here?”
“Thank you,” the man said again. He began to walk to the truck.
“John, John, John…” Sherlock sighed, nuzzling kisses into the man’s neck. He eased John’s knees down and braced himself on his elbows so he could look down into John’s face. “You look beautiful.”
“No.”
John’s cheeks flamed. They had discussed it. Sort of. And of course John knew his recent wanking habits had not gone unnoticed. But it was something else altogether to be caught in the bath impaled on a dildo.
He crawled off the end of the bed and stood at Sherlock’s back.
“John…?”
“Over,” Sherlock repeated.
“What are we calling it?”
“Look, Dr. Watson…”
“Some,” Sherlock breathed. “But it gets better with time.”
John dropped his forehead to Sherlock’s shoulder as he came. Sherlock could feel every spasm, every twitch in John’s body as his pleasure was wrung from him. John kept grinding, moving to stimulate Sherlock as his own release pooled between them.
“Oh, uhm…” John started.
Sherlock was irritable from lack of sleep. Despite John’s insistence that the bed was big enough for the both of them, Sherlock hadn’t slept a wink. He’d laid on his back, unmoving, terrified to get too near the spot on the left where John was sleeping, for fear…well, it was simply too risky. Frankly, he was disgusted with himself for failing to consider this particular problem when he came up with the ‘Escape to the Country’ idea in the first place.
His spy tasted like peppermint.
He hadn’t set out to make John his guinea pig. He rarely did. Mostly, it just sort of happened.
“I think the shirt needs to be a different size,” John suggested, shifting to get comfortable on the hard bench. There hadn’t been anywhere for him to sit while he was waiting, so one of the clerks had offered to bring the bench from the front of the store. And he was very grateful. They’d been walking for some time in search of the perfect thing for Greg to wear to meet his baby’s grandparents for the first time, and John’s hips were beginning to ache.
Greg grinned. “Actually that sounds like fun. I’m sure My won’t mind coming for a bit.”
“Easy,” John whispered. “I’ll make it all better.”
Sherlock relaxed instantly and a smile creased his features.
Sherlock nodded. “Best place, really.”
Sherlock regarded the boy with fascination. He’d never given children much thought. He’d always considered them something of a nuisance—even when he was one himself—but this boy was intriguing.
“Yes, sir,"
“Oh,” Sherlock repeated, his expression suddenly much brighter. “Well, good. I’m glad.”
John hesitated. “But is it…”
“Nope. Adler.”
John entered the room, swallowing around the lump in his throat. “Good morning, my lads!” he called.
“What?”
“Is now a good time?”
John nodded and took a cleansing breath. “I just need to keep reminding myself that we’re all together now and everyone is fine.”
“Right,” John said kindly, his smile warm. “I’ll have Lucy pencil you in for 8 a.m. on that Friday, then.”
John nodded. “Anytime. And welcome!”
Sherlock howled as John’s hot mouth descended, tongue flicking relentlessly over Sherlock’s twitching hole and eager lips sucking at the puckered flesh.
“Do you need any help?”
John nodded, pushing back into the delicious glide of Sherlock’s cock inside him.
He reached across the table and took Sherlock’s hand. “Yeah. Okay. Let’s just do this the way we used to. Just you and me. Nothing else matters, just for now.”
“Sir? We’ll take him now. Sir?”
to go around.” He looked down into John’s eyes with contentment. “I’m very proud of my contribution to that legacy.”
John nodded, swallowing around the lump in his throat.
Sherlock hummed his pleasure in his task, eagerly suckling the modest prick deeper into the heat of his mouth. He flicked his tongue over the surface as he bobbed in and out. John was panting, clearly trying hard not to thrust into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock took advantage of his mate’s distraction and pulled off, quickly burrowing beneath the stiff little cock to nuzzle into John’s perineum and suckle his small testicles.
“But…” John stepped forward as Sherlock slid the door bolt free. “We’ve just…met…and now we’re going to look at a flat together?”
“Well, I am,” Mycroft said sharply, pushing to his feet and reaching down to help Greg up.
"Good morning, sir. How can I help?"
Janine shrugged her jacket on, passing her gun between hands as she did. “And when they get here, they’ll find a smolderin’ crater where this cottage used to be.” Janine beamed at Sherlock, pointing to the wires hidden along each of the ceiling beams. She winked. “I chose this place with care—I hated the beehives, but it has other amenities.”
“The cashmere?” Jeremy suggested. “In the window?”
He gasped and tried to stay still as two fingers pushed into his tight passage. He moaned a little at the burn, but began to melt at the thought of what was next.
“Since before Christmas.”
Sherlock leered at John. “And two: I have a special present for you.”
“A classic diversion,” Sherlock replied, hissing as the bandage tugged at the edge of the burn.
“He. Sorry. Well that’s good news. It’s always nice to hear about couples who found each other when they were young.”
John gestured toward the small station only a few steps from where they were standing. “If I could have you join me here, please.”
This simply couldn’t continue. Something had to be done.
“They’re doing another series of ‘Escape to the Country.’”
Sherlock slipped past the barricade and stopped by the passenger door of the car. “I’m fine. Freezing and barefoot and destitute, but fine.”
“Planning to tell her, are you?”
Sherlock kissed him again, lingering this time to taste the minty traces of John’s breath.
“Yeah. He was the one who gave up Mary’s past.”
“Hello,” Sherlock replied, smiling down into John's face.
“Oh, Sherlock, I want…”
John turned away to stare off down the tracks in the direction their train would soon be pulling in. Sherlock stared at the back of John’s head.
John nodded, wrapping his arms around Sherlock. “I love you, you know.”
John groaned, pulling the pillow over his head as the exuberant two-year old clambered up onto the bed beside him. “Sherlock!”
Sherlock nodded solemnly. He was not given to effusive sentimentality, particularly for people he did not know, but John knew he could easily identify with the struggle. Being outside of society’s norms, in whatever way, could be incredibly painful. A greysexual alpha who’d had no interest in mating certainly understood what it meant to be different.
“Oh? I hadn’t noticed.”
John released the breath he’d been holding. “Oh. Right. Okay.”
Sherlock was moving, tracing the lines of John’s body with his nose, searching out the places where John would smell strongest: beneath his arms and…
is why I’m not going out on cases anymore.”
John choked out a sob. “
Of course. His first mating. Uncertainty. John smiled and reached back for him.
Sherlock relented. He rested against John and allowed himself to be undressed. He stroked his fingers through John’s hair and watched with heavy lidded eyes as the buttons released and the fabric parted.
“Please, what? Say yes?” John sat up and turned to sit on the edge of the bed with his back to Sherlock. He hunched forward to rest his elbows on his knees. “Because I don’t think I can do that. It’s not something I ever thought I would do.”
John nodded, scribbling on the pad in front of him. He passed the scrip over to Greg. “You’ll want to start on the pre-natal vitamins immediately.”
He looked up at John, unable to conceal the raw need that spiralled out of control at the implication of the words. John still looked drug-addled; it was unlikely he would be able to make rational judgments, but — Sherlock couldn’t suppress a shiver at the thought of John taking him, taking control of him, holding him down.
It had been only a few days since the end of Sherlock’s fateful rut and the surprise heat that had prompted John to spend it with him. In his wildest dreams—as a damaged and lonely former soldier struggling to establish a modest medical practice in London—John could never have imagined such good fortune.
“Evidently not.”
Sherlock sighed again. “Well, if you must know, it began with coffee and goats…”
“I know,” Sherlock soothed. He rubbed over John’s bare back in wide circles. “I know, my John. I’ll take care of you. I’ll make you feel better and keep you safe. Trust me?”
Sherlock shook his head. Damp curls stuck to his smoke-smudged forehead. He’d managed to get out with nothing more than his dressing gown and one item. He clung to the large object, trying not to shake with the late fall cold.
He’d left the reception, of course. What was there to stay for? He’d played; they’d danced.
Greg rubbed his back as he straightened. “Mycroft, I think we should go somewhere and…talk.”
“Yes.”
“A signal jammer?” John offered, horrified.
“So,” he began.
“You know I will take care of him.”
“S’okay,” John breathed against his middle. “I don’t mind.”
Mrs. Holmes, replied.
As they clung together, Sherlock was aware of
There was an extended pause as Sherlock allowed this to sink in. “Okay.”
John sat, stunned for a moment, as Mary wandered off to the kitchen humming to herself. Finally, the shock faded and his training kicked in. He quickly surveyed his surroundings. Door locked and bolted, key gone. The windows were all sliders and there was no sign of a balcony or fire escape. No phone—mobile or otherwise—visible. John slid his hand into his pocket for his own phone and pulled it out.
"I'm terribly sorry to bother you, sir. It's just...the privacy lock was turned but there wasn't a tag on the door. We wanted to check you are all right. And, if possible, confirm when our staff might be able to enter to do the cleaning."
“The painting, and the actual skulls, and…whatever
John straightened his tie and took a moment to examine himself in the full-length mirror. He turned sideways and scrutinized his whole frame, reflected with the rumpled bed he shared with his mate behind him. He pressed a hand to his still-flat belly and smiled—nearly three months gone and he was still feeling and (if he did say so himself) looking great.
“I have to. I’m sorry.”
He slid up once more, allowing the slicked silicone to slide almost completely free of his body before arching his hips back to take it inside once more, grunting as the knot pushed against his rim. He shivered at the glorious friction of the toy against his inner walls. He squeezed his nipples with his free hand and rubbed over the head of his cock as he established a rhythm. He slapped back against the cold tiles, speeding up the pace of his fingers over his prick as he did.
“On the left. Spoons are in the box beside the sink.”
“Oh my god,” he moaned. “Oh, god, Sherlock. It feels…it’s so…good. So good. Oh, sweetheart…more…”
him, to boot—John was about to make his captor aware that he was not to be underestimated when a rich, honeyed voice rumbled against his ear.
He wouldn’t allow Mycroft into his home, but there was another option. He would call them tomorrow.
John hummed into Sherlock’s neck, nibbling at the tender skin. He kissed Sherlock softly once more before pulling back. He took two steps away and returned to parade rest. He looked Sherlock in the eye and gave one firm nod.
“Please,” Sherlock whispered, nearly breathless. “I want to see you, touch you, taste you.” He pushed back to search John’s face and saw only acceptance and mirrored arousal. “I want you, John. I…I love you.”
John shook his head. “Do you know how much I wanted something—anything—like this?”
“Don’t do that. Just answer me: Are you up to this?”
Greg snatched one in time to catch a particularly undignified sob. “Oh, my god. I just…”
He rolled Sherlock’s balls in his palm before wrapping his fist around the warm cock. He pulled once, slowly.
“I know the last few weeks have been hard on you…”
John nodded weakly, still working to control his breathing. Sherlock reached out once more, fingers stretching toward their goal, before curling back in against clammy palms. This time, John’s need made the decision for him.
“Will you bond with me again? In time?”
They were the last words either of them would speak for some time. The glory of their relationship now was in this comfort—the ease, the practiced reliance on each other. They didn’t need to have sex to be intimate; neither did they need to speak to communicate.
“Thank you,” he said. “Please turn out the pockets of your suit jacket and then remove it as well.”
John sagged with relief, but remained vigilant. He still didn’t know who they were or what they wanted. There were multiple footsteps heading in his direction.
“Well, I don’t know about world-famous—” Sherlock started.
Still somewhat distracted by the tail end of his post-orgasm high, John took a moment to adjust when Holmes, W. Sherlock S. turned to face him, his expression very serious. The man’s crystalline eyes were searching and almost a little cold. John truly began to panic.
He arched into John’s body as John rolled on top of him. His pelvis pressed upward, aching for contact with—
Sherlock Watson. Sherlock Watson.
Sherlock did not attack John, but rather focused on resisting. He feinted and ducked and released himself from every hold, making every effort to frustrate his opponent. And it was working.
“I’m thinking that Heatherton was engaged in a long-standing dispute with his neighbor to the east—a Mr. Rufus Gutteridge.”
“Which was it—Afghanistan or Iraq?” the man repeated, one eyebrow raised.
“What are you doing?” John asked gruffly.
He turned back to the alpha prick now so close to his own watering mouth. He wrapped one fist around the base, just above the spot where Sherlock’s knot would have formed were they still in season. He leaned in and ran his tongue along the significant length. Sherlock grunted, his hips canting toward the source of his pleasure. John snickered and lapped gently at the drops of pre-come oozing from Sherlock’s slit. He teased at the spot for a moment before popping Sherlock’s glans between his lips and working it for a moment. Sherlock’s cock swelled; John struggled to relax his jaw as he began to work his way down the shaft.
John twined their fingers together and drew them to his lips. “For now though, we’d better go rescue Mrs. H and get Kit ready for the party before our family arrives.”
John's body rocked and his hips arched off the bed as he followed. "Oh, jesus. Oh, fuck, Sherlock. Oh, god, oh, god..."
Sherlock squeezed back. “Ready.”
“Just one.” John made a face and shook his head. “And what was the disagreement about?”
John couldn’t suppress a smile. “I used to.”
Sherlock kissed John once more and then removed his fingers. He turned his mate gently and bent him over the edge of the bed. John groaned into the duvet, fingers fisting into the fabric as Sherlock parted his legs, hitched up his hips and drove inside him.
“Doing anything special for Christmas?” Detective Inspector Lestrade asked. He was shifting restlessly and stamping his feet against the cold. A light snow was drifting to the ground.
John rutted against him, utterly without coordination or grace. He managed to get his own throbbing prick in the general vicinity of Sherlock’s and began to grind.
Warm hands dragged over Sherlock’s buttocks once more. “Shhhhh. I’ll be fair, I promise. But you need to be taught a lesson, don’t you?”
“Hey, sweet boy,” John said lightly, fearing the worry in Kit’s little face. “Are you ready to go to school? Come and give Papa a kiss bye-bye.”
John stared, only just noticing the tiny scrape over Sherlock’s right cheekbone. The bruise was beginning to form. “Are you all right?” he asked, stepping closer. “Do you have any other injuries?”
John looked into his best friend’s pale face, waiting for some sort of reaction. A twitch. A fluttering eyelash.
it,” Sherlock started, looking entirely mortified. “It’s that I
John wasn’t there.
“No, what?”
“Nnnnnno,” Sherlock moaned.
When Greg called, they'd been thrown headlong into a case that had kept them from home for three days. So it was that John had the privilege of waking this particular morning to the delightful sensation of his fourth full night in Sherlock's bed and embrace.
“You knew Moriarty was alive all this time?”
“Oh,” Sherlock said blandly, taking another sip of coffee.
“More than expected?” Sherlock queried as they followed the others.
Sherlock’s skin was fair and smooth, marked only occasionally by fine moles. The dusting of dark hair over his chest was lighter than John had seen on other alphas, but then Sherlock was still young. He was indeed as lean as John would have thought, though with surprising muscular definition.
“Oh, Greg, thank god!” He stood and gladly accepted his friend’s hug.
They stopped just inside the main sitting room, where Janine was in the process of pouring out the tea. Mary was pacing restlessly by the window. She paused and flipped the curtain back to survey the lawn outside.
“Funny you should ask,” John replied cheerfully. “Based on the dates you’ve given me and your one missed heat…” John glanced at the monitor in front of him. “You are about ten weeks. Same as me.”
John eased them apart and gave Sherlock a reassuring kiss. He turned Sherlock gently and guided him from behind toward the stairs.
Sherlock suckled at John’s neck, licking and nibbling as he strummed John’s sensitive breasts. John knew he was leaking milk. He was beyond caring. He moaned and turned his face, begging for a kiss.
Holmes smirked at him. “Bit of a longshot. Good one though. Your age indicates long service—long enough to have received specialized training OR to have had it before you joined up. That and your hands. You have a surgeon’s dexterity.”
“Oh, he’s—” John started.
Sherlock’s mouth fell open for a moment. “Oh.”
Sherlock sighed. “I'm sure you can find something else to call me. If you really must.”
“Sometimes,” John added. “And we’ll have sex sometimes. And sometimes we’ll sit on the sofa together and watch crap telly. And sometimes you’ll hold my hand in taxis and kiss the top of my head when you pass my chair. And sometimes we’ll lie in bed together and I’ll fall asleep with you telling me about your latest case while you play with my hair.”
Perhaps he deserved this, after everything that had happened. he and Sherlock had spent a lot of time with Ella sorting through things after Mary and Sherlock's sister. John had thought that they'd come to grips with it all. Forgiven. Moved forward.
“I say, Sherlock,” William called, waving them over. “Have a look at this one. It’s right up your street.”
“Thanks for agreeing to this,” John said, sitting on the sofa and crossing his legs.
“I had tea taken up earlier,” Mycroft said calmly. “Clearly that wasn’t what he wanted.”
“Are you sure?”
“Just tell me who it’s from.”
“How—?”
“Safe.”
“We’re not naming our daughter after you.”
Sherlock nodded and sighed, not moving a muscle as John slid his arm out from behind Sherlock’s shoulders and reached for the tissues to clean them both up.
“Don’t. Just don’t. We both know this isn’t a contest. You didn’t need to be perfect. You just needed to be someone I could believe in. And you weren’t.”
“What is it?”
“Of course, my dear boy,” Will said genially, ruffling his grandson’s curls. He was clearly delighted to stay out of any battle involving his strong-willed alpha.
“He’s improving, sir, though the paralysis is still a concern.”
“You’re fucking right it is.”
The young man seemed to digest this for a moment before turning what had to be the clearest turquoise eyes John had ever seen back in his direction.
“Not that it matters to me,” John began gently, “but lots of factors influence ejaculation—what you've eaten, how hydrated you are, when you last came....and practice.”
“Thanks,” Greg said. “It’s funny—I didn’t think I would ever have this chance and now…” He trailed off as he teared up. He turned his face into Mycroft’s neck.
“Not exactly,” Sherlock said swiftly. He turned back to Angelo. “Just water for me as well, thanks.”
are.”
“Jesus, Sherlock!” John stood abruptly and began to pace. “You took advantage of me when I couldn’t consent!”
“Yeah, but—”
“Perhaps I should give you two a few moments alone,” Dr. Awiti said. She stood and pulled the door open. “You can see yourselves out when you’re done. No rush—and take care of each other, yeah?”
Recovering quickly, John was about to reach for one of the weapons that had been thrown free when he heard them.
“Yeah.”
“John, HURRY!”
Sherlock swayed into John, eyes closed and mouth frozen in an inaudible “OH,” as John sucked at one particular spot on the side of his neck. John’s hand, meanwhile had continued to creep ahead as Sherlock’s thighs relaxed and fell open. Sherlock could not control the moan that escaped him as John’s knuckles brushed over his burgeoning erection for the first time.
“I am,” John agreed, laying hands on every part of Sherlock’s body he could reach. “Sherlock, I don’t think — that is, I know we have time, but I don’t…I can’t wait.”
“I think Drew is a beta. Granted, he could turn out to be an omega like me, but he doesn’t have the look about him. At least not now.”
Unfortunately, as John’s comfort level grew, Sherlock’s diminished. He couldn’t help but think of the evening to come. He was looking forward to touching John and more kissing and possibly some other things he’d Googled while John was in the shower. He understood the mechanics well enough. Still, there was no way of getting around it—he’d never really done any of it before. He had no way of knowing how he would respond.
John had taken a couple of extra steps. He turned and walked back to where Sherlock stood, glancing around them. Finally, he stopped, nearly toe-to-toe with Sherlock, and looked up at him.
“Boring,” he muttered under his breath.
A man of contradiction. The unexpected.
other than you could make heart race?”
“I promise!” Sherlock cried. “I will be such a good boy.”
Margaret departed the shrine to the Blessed Virgin, which John had confiscated for their special patient. With no papers, and with the unusual circumstances under which he had been brought to them, John’s superiors had deemed it best to keep the man separate from the rest of the ward — somewhere he could be carefully watched. The small alcove at the far end of the main sanctuary seemed the most logical spot.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Very sensible,” Sherlock muttered, licking his dry lips. “You are a pragmatist, Dr. Watson.”
“Happy to help.”
“Oh, that,” Sherlock said dismissively. “ I noticed there was some discolouration on the corner of several pages in the remaining books...”
“And I didn’t flirt back.”
“John, I never meant—”
The door opened and his assistant stepped aside to allow John Watson to enter ahead of her.
“Please, call me John. Nice to see you again, as well,” John replied, shaking the offered hand. “We’re all very excited to have you join the practice.”
Mycroft sighed heavily, crossing his legs. “Yes, I’m afraid that was the conclusion I came to as well. It seems my brother’s rut has managed to undo the work of your suppressants and stimulate a heat. And you, in turn, have imprinted on my brother.”
John balanced himself on the crowded bus at it rumbled down Baker Street. He’d left his friends in Trafalgar Square, but with the crush of people there, they were unlikely to miss him.
“Oh, well, we’re going to die anyway, aren’t we?” Sherlock growled. He stopped mere inches from her and pressed the gun into the side of her head. “God, you have no idea how long I have wanted to do this. Threaten me, fine. Threaten John…” he started to squeeze the trigger.
?” Sherlock taunted. “Night in the brig? Long march tomorrow? You don’t scare me.”
“I’ll do my best, sir.”
“Our home is most certainly the very best place,” John agreed.
“So not a puberty issue, then.”
His phone vibrated in his pocket. He pulled it out and checked the message:
“Goodbye, John.”
Sherlock cried out as he came, eyes rolling back in his head with the power of it. He clung to John, wordlessly begging for tenderness, indulgence.
“Me, too.”
“Where did…you get the…lube?”
"Damn it, John — if you are ever going to learn how to mambo…"
“Evening,” Sherlock echoed.
“Time,” Sherlock replied, rolling his eyes. “Of course. The lead researcher: She has access to the atomic clock uplink for the lab.”
“Guilt. He’d been right on the cusp of his annual rut when we met that day—my heat pushed him over the edge, but he’d convinced himself that it was his fault. He believed he’d as good as forced me to share my heat with him. He couldn’t bear to face me. Idiot.”
Sherlock studied him, nostrils flared and pupils dilating.
“I don’t sleep sometimes.”
“John?” Sherlock asked through the bathroom door, having rapped once.
“Mine,” Sherlock rasped, shoving John’s shirt to the side to scrape his teeth along John’s collarbone.
He’d not bothered with pants that morning. More accurately, he’d forgotten to take his things to the full-service laundrette on Monday. And Mrs. Hudson hadn’t returned from her sister’s.
They stepped inside the clean but somewhat untidy room and John paused.
“Why?”
John did not take his eyes from Sherlock as he swiftly stripped himself. As his shirt hit the floor, Sherlock could not resist reaching out. His breath caught at the feel of John’s skin beneath his fingers.
Sherlock looked up into John’s face, overwhelmed by the tenderness there. The love.
“Yeah, you and Sherlock happened pretty quickly, didn’t you?”
“I see.”
“So wet. John, you’re so wet.”
Oh, he still treated a few special patients and was every inch the doctor, but John had been invited back to the battlefield by his bondmate, Sherlock Holmes. His PTSD had faded and he’d thrown himself headlong into the fray at Sherlock’s side.
“John, please…”
John scowled at him and turned a pleasant expression toward the server. “I think we’re okay. Thanks.”
Sherlock had always spent considerable time on "legwork," as Mycroft had once called it. John knew that and accepted it as part of the work, and part of Sherlock's insatiable, restless curiosity. However, after the fall, Sherlock had begun to learn how important it was that John know and understand what he was up to. And where. After everything they had been through with Mary and Sherlock's weird family—particularly once they had finally come around to a romantic relationship—Sherlock had gotten better at providing John with FYIs.
"Nor me," Sherlock said. He smiled, reaching one hand across the table. "Look, I know I've been—" He cocked his head, searching for the correct word. "Absent lately. I just..."
Greg covered his mouth with his hand, eyes still wide. He nodded weakly.
“Not entirely sure,” John replied. “I think they’re supposed to pin the body parts to the picture of the corpse.”
“And the omegas in your family: What sort of age were they when it started?”
Greg’s worried expression returned. “Thing is, my scent had finally changed enough and I was showing enough that my team noticed.”
Instead, John’s tear-filled eyes locked with his and John smiled. “Sherlock,” he whispered.
Sherlock nodded, swallowing around the lump that was forming in his throat. He watched John leave the room, passing once more in front of the painting.
He lifted his eyes to meet Sherlock’s, holding his breath. Sherlock was smiling at him.
“I need you,” he whispered.
“He owned a fair bit of property in the area. Most of his income was in rents.”
Sherlock nearly shouted his assent. He bowed his body toward the promise of John’s hot mouth—his knees buckled as John closed his lips over the nipple and began to suck hard. John growled into the sensitive flesh and braced Sherlock against his own body. The ridge of his erection was throbbing against Sherlock’s leg, while Sherlock had begun grinding his own insistent arousal against the reassuring firmness of John’s chest.
John was too far gone to appreciate the humour. He was writhing beneath Sherlock, knees pulled up and spread wide, tweaking at his own nipples as Sherlock impaled him. They’d had a lovely, lazy morning of foreplay, which ordinarily did not appeal to Sherlock. Today, though, it had seemed fitting…and felt fucking wonderful. John did marvellous things with his fingers while he sucked Sherlock’s prick. Sherlock had never considered the idea of being penetrated—it wasn’t something alphas were socialized to enjoy. Once John had introduced him to fingering, though, he’d been hopelessly hooked. It was one of the few sexual acts that he truly craved.
“Now just hang on—”
“I’m kind of grateful Kit had a little doze, too, what with so little sleep last night. He really hasn’t napped for ages.”
“I suppose he could be, though that doesn’t have to mean you can’t play some part in the child’s life. If you wanted to,” Sherlock insisted. “And I’m working on Magnussen.” Sherlock gestured toward his displaced laptop. “I will not let him continue. We’ll find a way to keep the baby—and Mary—safe.”
_______________________
“But it was too fast,” he said softly. “Wasn’t it? You didn’t come.”
He grunted as he felt his rear passage began to moisten. He shuffled around in the bath until his back was to the wall where he had stuck the new alpha dildo. It was the closest in size to Sherlock that he’d been able to find and had a fully formed knot. And he really needed to be full.
A horrible sound emanated from Sherlock’s throat and he crossed to John in three long strides. He fell to his knees, both hands clutching at John’s hips, his face pressed into John’s thighs.
“Yeah, all right,” Greg conceded. He rubbed over his back as the young man disappeared. “I just have a really bad feeling about this.”
“Me, too,” Sherlock agreed. His expression became a little pensive. “However...”
"Yeah."
“Why, what?”
“S-sorry,” Sherlock stammered. “Wasn’t expecting.”
Sherlock smiled, a little tentatively. “And I will be good for you. Your…good boy.”
“Let’s not think about this in terms of deserve. Let’s think about this in terms of need. Right now, you need to be home and you need some space. I can give you that.”
Somehow, John maintained the balance of a compassionate heart and a stoic demeanour. Physically, too, John was a marvel of contrasts.
“But once we’ve dealt with Magnussen. Once Mary is safe…”
Sherlock pressed tender kisses along John’s shoulder, revelling in the intensity of it. He should be terrified. WAS terrified. But his body was buzzing with desire for John. Every fibre of him was singing John’s name. Heat was building in places he’d long since learned to ignore. Places and parts of him he’d believed he could simply refuse to acknowledge.
“It doesn’t have to be like this,” Sherlock repeated irritably, meeting John’s eyes. “I’ve told you: This would all be so much simpler if you moved back in here…”
“Yeah, oh fuck, that’s it — jesus!”
“You’re the best part of me.”
Greg paced in the corridor at 221B, checking his watch.
“And not to get so focused while helping our child make a bicarbonate volcano that you forget to put paper down and end up ruining Mrs. Hudson’s lino?”
“Now then,” he started, patting Kit’s leg. “I need you to hold Daddy’s other hand, Kit, and make him feel better. All right?”
“Oh, fuck!” John rasped, grinding into the delicious arse as his own body began to unravel. “FUCK!” He thrust once more, hard, as his orgasm washed over him and his cock pulsed inside Sherlock’s fluttering heat.
It was glorious.
John mumbled something in the affirmative, dragging himself out of the drug-induced sleep. “Sherl—?”
“Wait!” Sherlock looked up over his shoulder.
“Walk me through it, then,” John said gently, pulling his legs up to cross them. “What are we looking for tomorrow?”
Sherlock pressed a kiss to the back of John’s neck. “Go ahead and sleep. I’ll get the boys if they need anything.”
“What, like a psychic?”
He was drawn back to himself by a gentle hand stroking down his side.
“I, uhm, I’m a mentalist. Of a sort.”
Sherlock bent and placed a gentle kiss on John’s mouth. “Are you satisfied that I’m not carrying any drugs?”
Given the angle, he could see only part of a profile, but it was (damn it all) a very attractive one: a long, straight nose, nicely shaped mouth, even teeth. The light in the restaurant was not so dim that John was hindered from seeing that the omega currently batting his long lashes at Sherlock was young—very young. Twenty if he was a day. His ginger hair was nearly as curly as Sherlock’s.
“Of course,” Sherlock said, looking a little perplexed. “Did I not respond correctly?”
“Okay.”
“When is the car coming?”
“Do you want to go first?”
“The oral heat suppressants for omegas can also mask their scent. Is that what you use?”
“What’s her name?” Kit asked, reaching out one tentative finger to touch the back of the baby’s tiny hand.
They watched in wonder as Drew pulled himself up with the help of the kitchen chair and then released it as he stood.
“Are you certain?”
“I…John, I…”
John shifted the baby back into the crook of his arm and settled him against his exposed breast. Kit perched up on his knees so he could watch as the baby latched on and began to suckle.
“Yup. Says she’s heading out west next. Her friend Nira wants to see the plains.”
“I suspect it’s blank. Which is probably just as well. The fewer people with access to those secrets, the better,” Mycroft sighed. He set his glass down on the table beside him. “Magnussen is the real problem now.”
Sherlock hovered over him, gazing at him intently as he rubbed his thick, dribbling cock against John’s. “John,” he muttered, almost in wonder. “Oh, John. I want…I want…”
He tsked and surprised Sherlock with one hard smack on his upended arse. “Hardly inspection-ready, is it?”
"Yeah. Wow. H-how have you been?"
John guided Sherlock’s hand to the juncture of his thighs, and pressed the palm over his own stiff penis. Sherlock glanced down, anxious to see. He gasped as his fingers closed around John’s girth.
“Yes?”
“Oh.”
“Hmmmmm.”
John chuckled and Sherlock could feel his cheeks getting warm.
“Absolutely not a problem. This has been a real treat for me.”
“Sherlock.”
“Uhm…”
“The skull pin. How did that get you out of your cell?”
John swallowed hard and began patting down the length of the top of Holmes’ arms. “I-I wasn’t…I’m saying using drugs is a stupid thing to do.” John repeated the collar process with each shirt cuff and then slid his hands up the along the underside of the man’s arms. Holmes was staring down at him now, but John kept his eyes averted. If he looked up, Holmes would most certainly notice the tinge of colour in his cheeks and his dilated pupils.
Sherlock puzzled over this for a moment. “Perhaps I was. With her mind. For a moment.”
Sherlock’s mouth fell open and his gaze dropped to John’s mouth. “I—”
John smiled as he listened to his bondmate chatting with their oldest son all the way down the stairs. Like two peas in a pod. Drew whimpered a little as John manoeuvred his arms through the seat harness and fastened it snugly.
“It’s not.”
Sherlock turned and started walking without saying a word. John smiled to himself as he followed.
with them—they’re mine! I’m their father, too!”
“Of course it is,” Mary snapped.
There was a muffled sort of wet noise. They were kissing. Sherlock made a face; Mrs. Hudson tittered softly.
“I think I’m going to find drugs paraphernalia. Syringes, perhaps.”
John nodded. “On your belly, bent over the edge of the bed.”
“John, look—”
Sherlock blanched, his lips twitching. “Why would you think that is what I want to say?”
“But he’s still in your life?”
Another of the store’s staff popped her head in. “Everyone all right back here?”
“I know.”
“When did you meet Moriarty?” Sherlock asked.
John’s fists clenched and unclenched. God help him, this one was going to be an absolute nightmare.
“I wouldn’t have put you in there,” William offered, somehow knowing exactly what John was thinking. A Holmes trait, perhaps. He patted John’s shoulder. “If it were me, I wouldn’t have been able to—well, anyway, this is a good bed and the quilt is warm. And I turned the heating on earlier, just in case. You rest now.”
“You were addicted.”
“What say you and I go through and investigate Uncle Myc’s garden, hmmm?”
“Do you want to scent me?” John offered, baring his neck.
“Haven’t you?” Sherlock looked over at him, perplexed.
"It's just—have you dated a man before?"
Because how could any omega want anyone other than Sherlock Holmes?
“No, silly. Although I did help him get the bits for his bomb into the country.” Janine winked at Mary.
Sherlock shrugged then tucked the violin under his chin and started tuning it.
“My brother loves you.”
John trailed off as he stared at the petite woman on the doorstep in the delivery service uniform.
“Sherlock, dear! So glad you’ve come,” Margaret started, sounding a little winded. “We’re all in a bit of a tizzy here, I’m afraid.”
“Dr. Watson?” Angie’s voice called.
Sherlock nodded. “Left?”
“Why would you listen to what I said about that? I had no idea what I was talking about! I was an IDIOT!”
John rubbed a hand over the back of his neck, embarrassed. “That obvious, was it?”
“And now?”
“You really are. Anyone who ever told you different was lying to you.” John kissed him tenderly, as though savouring every moment of contact. “Lie back for me,” he whispered.
“My overly fond farewell.”
“Why does Mrs. H think we’re having a party?”
"Dr. Watson?"
Sherlock’s head came up a little more. Mycroft watched, fascinated, as his brother and John looked at one another for the first time in six months. For all that Sherlock had changed, his eyes were unmistakable—crystal blue-green…and now filled with tears.
Sherlock pulled back and regarded him with a tender smile. “And that is what you taste like in me,” he rumbled.
“Are they too sensitive?” Sherlock whispered.
“Hello, Emily,” Sherlock said, winking at her.
Sherlock leapt to his feet tearing the wet clothes from his body as quickly as he could. John was soon standing beside him, giggling as their fingers tangled over buttons and zips. In short order, they were both naked.
“Hey,” John said gently. “I’m sorry. This is—look, I know you’re doing this for me. For us. And I love you for it.’
John closed his mouth over the sweet pink morsel and begun to suck. He grazed his teeth over the nub, eliciting a sinful noise from Sherlock, whose hips jerked up against him. John tugged more firmly and Sherlock moaned. Though still wearing his suit trousers, he was sporting an impressive erection himself.
“Wanna play wif him,” Kit said plaintively.
He’d begun knocking, patiently at first. He’d considered banging on the bathroom door, but that felt…odd. He’d called both their names, and re-checked his phone.
“You see, Sherl,” Janine started. “I wanted you to be rash and reckless when you tried to fix things for the man you loved, even knowin’ that it might cost you your freedom, if not your life. I wanted your brother to face the horrible decision to lock you away or to do something’ desperate and ruin his own career as well. I hadn’t considered the option of the suicide mission, but when I found out about it, well, I couldn’t have you spoiling my plans with another daring escape in Serbia, now could I?”
Sherlock and John goggled at the woman before them.
“Right, then,” Sherlock said, taking a deep breath. “Into battle?”
“Why do you like him?”
He asked about her career to learn that she had given up teaching after her first divorce and taken up writing curriculum. She glowed as she talked about scope and sequence and pedagogy—John could easily see how passionate she was about education. She shared that she had taken several contracts over the years, not only in the UK but abroad, and was now doing a lot of teacher professional development.
“Well, yes,” Mary snapped. “Do try and keep up. Look, are we just about done with true confessions, because we have a plane to catch.”
It hadn't moved and there was no reply.
“I won’t,” Sherlock promised vaguely. He wandered into the living room and flopped back onto the floor beside Drew—who was gnawing on his stuffed giraffe.
Sherlock reached to the side, where John’s bag lay on the bed and began to fumble within as John continued his ministrations on Sherlock’s other nipple. Sherlock was grunting with desperation as he threw pants and socks out on the floor. “Fuck! Where…oh, thank god.”
"It's a rough patch," John filled in. "It happens."
John started to move in—to touch Sherlock’s back, try to hold him—but Sherlock shook his head.
"Is it? I thought perhaps..."
John dipped his head, his nose nudging against Sherlock’s cheek as his lips gently covered Sherlock’s own. The kiss was achingly soft and yet wildly erotic—at least for Sherlock. His body came alive at the touch, and his fingers instinctively curled into John’s jacket to pull him closer.
Sherlock groaned into the open-mouthed kiss, making quick work of the buttons on John’s shirt. He pushed the fabric wide, pulling away from John’s mouth so he could stare down with unvarnished lust at John’s developing breasts. They were small, but his nipples were a little swollen now. Sherlock was utterly enraptured.
“Just…take it easy.”
John chuckled and Sherlock’s mouth turned up a little. Sherlock continued to watch him carefully, though.
He lost count; he wasn’t really trying to keep track. The sensations from each sharp sting fed the fire of lust currently threatening to send his conscious mind offline.
John handed it over, suddenly feeling quite shaken. He leaned back against the door and watched, fascinated, as Sherlock tapped out his message.
John turned slowly, terrified that he had finally taken leave of his senses. He closed his eyes, though, in a desperate bid to prevent the sweet delusion from fading. “It can’t be you,” he whispered. “It can’t be.”
"Really?"
Through the window Sherlock watched people walking along the seaside across the street from their hotel. Couples. So many couples…
John captured Sherlock’s mouth as he spilled his release into John’s waiting palm. John kissed over his cheek and then back to his soft lips as Sherlock shuddered through the final waves. Finally spent, Sherlock sagged heavily into John’s body, humming with satisfaction. John smiled as he slid his sticky hand from the man’s pyjamas.
“Yeah, he is,” John agreed, rubbing over the sleeping baby’s back. “And right now, he needs you. I don’t know how long it will take for him to adjust, for his system to acclimate to you and being to function properly.”
John was momentarily stunned by the exchange, so much so that it took him several minutes to realize that he’d just missed what was his own stop as well.
Kit looked at his daddy, who gave him a smile and a nod. “Okay!”
So distracted was he that John lost track of Sherlock’s hands as he was rapidly divested of his clothing. By the time he realized what was happening, he was naked from the waist up and his trousers were undone.
“Good,” Sherlock said softly. “Good.”
“Look, we need her to stand down so we can deal with Magnussen. Once the threat is neutralized, Mycroft will be able to manage her. I told you: He’ll keep her safe. In exchange for information, he will give her a new identity and relocate her—he’ll even offer to let David go along, if that’s what she wants. But first we need to make sure Magnussen can never threaten her, or anyone else, ever again.”
John’s legs nearly gave way as Sherlock dropped to his knees and unceremoniously pressed his face into the springy hair at John’s crotch. Sherlock nuzzled and sniffed and hummed his approval; John dug his fingers into Sherlock’s shoulders to keep his balance.
Sherlock nodded, grunting as the fourth blow fell. And then the fifth.
John was about to ask what that meant when Sherlock dove for the wall, snagging the emergency stop lever as he fell. John flew backward as the train’s emergency brakes squealed to life. Sherlock, still clinging to the lever, grabbed at John’s coat and pulled him in close. They held on to each other as the train shuddered and dragged to a slow stop.
“Oh, you simply must do, Myc!” Margaret jumped in. “The baby will be about 12 months old then, when Greg goes back into his heat cycle. And we’d be happy to baby-sit, if you wanted to take Greg away on a honeymoon.”
Finally, Sherlock whispered, “I need you to be okay.”
“But what will you do if he does?”
“Upper arm,” John managed, trying to lick his very dry lips. He was painfully aware of his patient’s keen eyes focused on him. “You should sit.”
John used his hands to guide Sherlock’s over his body. Together they explored every inch of him. He led Sherlock to smooth over his thighs and play with the coarse hair there, and then to caress his hips and up over his ribcage. He took Sherlock’s elegant fingers and placed them over his nipples, nudging until Sherlock got the idea. John gasped and moaned as his alpha pinched and teased the sensitive buds.
“The production crew may have more information tomorrow.”
“Are you—you bastard! She was a BABY! She had never done anything to anyone! How could you possibly blame her?”
“What point?”
“Tell who? Oh, the alpha.” John nodded. “Is he still…in the picture?”
Christ, he was losing his mind.
“Excellent,” Holmes replied. “My assistant will telephone shortly to confirm the time.”
“Of course not!” John burst out. “What do you take me for?”
John’s phone rang. He pulled it out of the pocket of his dressing gown and checked the number, eyes immediately rolling.
"Sort of."
It reminded Sherlock of their first cab ride together, the night John had first come to 221B. They were sitting closer now than they had been that first night, but Sherlock didn’t trust himself to actually touch John before they got home. He couldn’t stop himself from looking, though.
John watched fondly as Sherlock’s eyes lit up. “Yes, I’m sure I will.”
John waited a few minutes, but there was nothing more. He swiped at his watery eyes and put his phone in his jacket pocket. With a deep breath, he stood and contemplated the still-made bed. He had grown far less conscious of people’s opinions over the years, but not so much so that he wanted to invite strange looks from or gossip among the hotel staff. He tugged the bed apart and mussed it appropriately—no sense letting everyone know he’d slept on the floor.
They’d both need their rest.
John buried his face in Sherlock’s pale skin with a groan. He returned his hands to Sherlock’s bottom to hold Sherlock in place as he lapped and sucked at the exposed torso. He licked over the ridges of abdominal muscles and traced the bottom edge of one firm pectoral. He kissed around the small mound before finally dragging his tongue over the surface. Sherlock’s head fell back, eyes closed and mouth wide open on a moan.
John studied his charge for a moment. “And what did you see about this fellow, then?”
He stopped pacing, face to face over a chair with Mr. Blue Skull.
“Of course you are! The boys adore you.”
“Dunno,” Greg mused. “Can you make body parts in the fridge and murder funny?”
John was grim, tugging his gloves off with more force than was strictly necessary. He stuffed them in the pockets of his jacket before removing it and hanging it on the hook by the door. Sherlock did the same with his coat.
John sat heavily on the sofa. “Jesus.”
Sherlock’s eyes were turning red. It was clear he was as close to breaking as John was. “Who knows.”
Kit shrieked with delight, one hand fisted in Mycroft’s lapel, and one in Greg’s hair.
“About fifteen minutes ago,” Mycroft admitted. “Still, you’ve saved the police a great deal of time.”
“All right, then?” John waited for Sherlock to look up at him. When the detective smiled, John started to pull his gloves back on. “Good. Lay off the crap telly, mate, and I will see you tomorrow. Do you want me to meet you at Bart’s?”
He'd liked Mary. He really had. He'd cared about her more than he'd cared for any women he'd ever dated. But that was a pale reflection of the passionate bond—the aching, desperate admiration and attachment—the boundless love he felt for Sherlock.
"Fewer migraines and I've been sleeping better. And the company gave me a spot in dispatch."
Realizing he was clinging desperately to a complete stranger—and
John came first, crying Sherlock’s name as his body seized. Sherlock continued to move, though it did not take long for him to follow and add his own release to the sticky, wet mess pressed between them.
Sherlock hummed an acknowledgment of this information. “I am, of course, more aware of the slight traces of sweet citrus that have been growing since you joined me in your office.” Sherlock considered this. “An alpha in rut can trigger a heat, even in a suppressed omega.”
_____________________
“I’m worried sick about her, though,” Jeanette admitted, finishing off the last sip of a second latte. “She’s struggled with asthma since she was little, and its only getting worse at the moment.”
“You’re my patient,” John mumbled.
As he entered the kitchen, Mrs. Hudson smiled at him over a tray of “nibbles” she was preparing. She looked as though she was about to ask him something when Sherlock heard John’s voice in the sitting room. He stepped closer to the door to listen.
John nodded, clutching Sherlock’s fingers between his own even more tightly. Sherlock’s hips stuttered and he thrust once more before collapsing into John’s body, spent.
“Good.” John let himself drift.
,” Sherlock complained.
“Earlier. When I…not good. You seemed, well, bothered.”
Sherlock suppressed a shiver at the thought. John has saved his life. John had run after him, watched over him and shot someone to protect him. And now he wanted… Sherlock snuck another look, still not entirely sure he hadn’t dreamed the man into existence.
At length, Sherlock stopped before a black door labelled 221 and let them in. He helped John up the stairs, mindful of the leg and cane, and then into a small sitting room.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I know Sherlock was gone for a while and—you know what. I’m not going to pry. Maybe we’ll get the chance to do this again sometime…and then, who knows?”
He waited for John to roll onto his back before settling in at his mate’s side. “Shower?”
“Carefully,” the man said, catching John by his jacket and setting him back on his feet.
John gaped. “But how—?”
Holmes glanced around the room and announced loudly, “I hereby waive my right to have a witness present during my intimate search.” He looked back at John. “Sufficient?”
John released the wall and scrabbled for Sherlock’s other arm. Sherlock slid into him, almost groaning with the satisfaction of it. He eased his wobbly legged friend up against his side and wrapped an arm around his waist. John crumpled a little, letting Sherlock bear his weight.
“Can you tell me what I will find inside this case?”
“Easy,” John gentled. “You were amazing. There’s no right and wrong with this. There’s only what you like more and what you like less and what you don’t like at all. And we’ve got lots of time to figure all that out.”
