Steve had no choice but to follow. He wanted to argue, wanted to comfort Tony and magically wish away the symptoms, but Tony was right. There were two options. Either this was the worst of it and Tony would get better, or it was going to get worse and the city was their only hope. He watched Tony carefully, for any sign of stumbling. Tony didn’t let them stop for a meal, so Steve ate the rest of his bar while Tony merely drank some river water.
They ignored him.
he smiled sadly, a distant look in his eyes. Tony watched him with baited breath. Steve sometimes reminisced about WWII when he was feeling particularly vulnerable and loved.
He was so thankful that Bruce was not lecturing him right now, he decided Bruce could be his ally in this, since Clint betrayed him so quickly.
Steve took Tony’s hand.
he asked.
Steve looked from Clint to Tony to Thor, hoping one of them would back him on this.
- Marian Anderson
Natasha said quietly when the food began to dwindle.
Tony grumbled about board meetings and Happy looked sympathetic but amused.
Steve watched the feelings flit across Tony’s face in quick succession. Hope, tentative happiness, and contentedness. As soon as the tension had left the man’s body, he slumped backwards, fast asleep. Steve caught the bottle before it fell, and smiled at the sleeping form. He carefully scooped Tony up to take to bed. Steve had succeeded in washing away the imaginary stains of sin for tonight. That was enough for him.
. Tony’s commentary on any movies about sentient humanoid robots, which he refused to call anything but androids, would always be entertaining. The anxious tension was clear in the room, though, as everyone counted down in their heads. Tony tried to get into the movie and ignore it all. If he let himself believe this, the shithead would have already won, right?
Hawkeye asked.
she asked brightly, checking his vitals and pulling out his chart. Tony just glared at her and she chuckled.
Natasha stepped out beside him and allowed him the silence he needed for a few minutes.
Steve asked. He glanced around the room. Phil wasn’t home, and Bruce was in his lab already. It was probably for the best, because Hulk would not help the already confusing situation.
Steve replied, a fond smile on his face.
Yeah, no, Tony needed a drink if he was going to sleep. Good thing he had his own bar in the room.
The paper was glossy. It looked like one of those mailer flyers that people shove under doors to try and get as many people to see it as possible. Clint was surprised they hadn’t died out as a concept yet, given social media had become a much easier method for disseminating information.
he thought frantically.
JARVIS explained.
Clint said, scanning Tony’s body with a practiced eye, cataloging his condition. Steve knew Clint’s way of showing love was threats and insults. He bent down and kissed Tony’s forehead, then backed into the corner, waiting for Phil.
he cried out, opening his eyes. He felt like he couldn’t breathe. A face appeared in his vision, and it was enough to remind him what had happened. He couldn’t believe she had been so stupid, he shouldn’t even be alive.
Murdock’s voice came over the comm.
Clint and Natasha suddenly turned on each other. Natasha was accusing Clint of being controlled by Loki again, and Clint was talking about Russian sleeper agents. Steve rolled over to stand in front of the civilians and guarding them from bullets with a trash can, as though that would do them any good.
Steve didn’t catch him in time when Tony crumpled to the ground.
Strange smiled sadly,
Steve couldn’t help but laugh. Vision always asked if people wanted him to share his ideas or do a solid plan, as though someone might say no.
she turned to face him, apologetic.
he trailed off into a mumble at Steve’s look. Right, not the time. He was too exhausted to be thinking clearly in his defense, and seeing Dr. Stein had caught him off guard.
he begged. He had not been prepared to fight a sentient machine, or possibly remote controlled. His powers were only useful against people.
he offered. Steve looked so grateful, Phil was glad he had said something.
Steve placed a hand against Tony’s forehead, and Tony sighed in relief at the cold touch.
Thankfully, there was no comment from Steve.
The corners of Phil’s lips twitched and Clint quickly enveloped his mouth, rough and needy. Phil groaned and turned on the water with a hand behind them, leaning into the contact. They stood there and kissed for a moment before Phil broke it off.
Tony threw his hands up.
in his ear.
Dr. Stein said.
her voice soothed,
Tony held up a hand to stop him. “Whoa, whoa, hold on a minute. JARVIS, turn on the news, if this was true, it would surely be on the news. The TV turned on to show a breaking news story about a mysterious plague making children fall into comas.
- use (a machine) as a source of spare parts for another, similar machine.
Tony couldn’t believe he was asking about him.
JARVIS’ voice sounded strained.
Zelma nodded, still looking very lost.
Tony made his way up the tree, admittedly a little slower than Steve would’ve, but the burn in his muscles felt good. When he looked ahead, following the river from the new view, a slow smile crept across his face. They could definitely reach that city by nightfall. There’d be phones. They could be home tonight!
Steve reached out a hand until Tony took it to stand up.
Tony held up his hand as the camera zoomed in, wiggling his fingers excitedly.
Phil said.
Steve commanded.
Maria Castiglione was the bane of Alphonzo’s existence. She had been starring in shows for too long, stealing the spotlight from his beloved Sasha, despite the fact that Sasha was clearly better. They just needed the rest of the world to see it. Even during Maria’s two pregnancies, she performed up until she started showing, then an understudy took her place for a short period of time. His perfect Sasha was still stuck in chorus and non-speaking roles. It was an embarrassment for them both. How was he supposed to maintain his status among the other men when his wife was a no-name. He had to do something.
Lisa announced firmly. After a short glaring match, Frank decided she had won. Best to let her have these wins when she was doing something good. He’d save his hardass routine for when she was trying to date a bad boy or something.
Bruce provided, because everyone looked a bit like Clint was onto something.
Steve had no idea where in the world they were, or if they were even on their planet.
he decided, after a long pause.
Clint rolled his eyes. He couldn’t believe Tony believed this stuff.
he teased. He met Jessica’s gaze with a grin.
He let go and threw his hands up, exasperated when Tony didn’t seem convinced. He loved the man with all of his being, but it was a constant battle to keep the genius from helicopter parenting and smothering their son in protection.
When Tony didn’t respond, he raised his head so he could see the man’s expression. He was beginning to look very pale, and a bead of sweat ran down the un-masked side of his face. It seemed like a weird time for Steve to notice that they had never removed their masks like Tony said he normally did, but Steve’s mind was all over the place. He stepped towards the man,
he gasped. It took everything in him to keep his eyes locked on the blue ones in front of him and stop writhing away from his gentle touch.
Jenny asked, surprised. She quickly ducked under his right arm and practically dragged him into the now visible ship, before setting him on a bench. She put her hands out, and made a motion like she was running them over his suit, but without actually touching him. The grimace she made was not a promising sign. “There’s a lot of bleeding, and the bullet seems to be migrating. She looked confused.
he blurted out.
he said, a little too sharply.
he realized. God, he was ashamed to be called a genius. How had he not thought about the the big electromagnet embedded in his chest. Of course it was pulling the bullet.
The bluntness surprised a laugh out of Clint.
Tony arched off the ground, trying to steady his breathing.
Without any further conversation, she disappeared in a swirl of purple and black.
That… was not at all where Clint had thought this was going. He kind of thought they were going to get into a PTSD talk about the torture in Afghanistan, which Tony’s file was vague on but Clint knew it involved semi-drowning. The bastards hadn’t even waterboarded Tony, no, they literally held him down in barrels. The risk of actually drowning was real. But no, now that he thought about it, Clint had never seen Tony shirtless. He’d seen pictures of course, anyone with the internet could, but they were all from before the arc reactor. Clint wondered if all the women Tony had still had one night stands with after had seen him, or if he’d just kept his shirt on during sex.
That was the most infuriating part about all of this, Tony decided. He had been so close to finally going home when Dracula snuck up on him. It hadn’t mattered that the suit was with him, that it could produce UV radiation now, or even that he carried silver with him. After dealing with vampires the first time, he had tried to prepare for the next, but he still hadn’t figured out a way to detect them with his tech. The lack of heat signatures, or even a pulse, was a major obstacle for early detection.
Thor considered her.
she said graciously. Didn’t want to tease him too much. Some men get nasty if you embarrassed them, and she was not in the mood to be antagonistic tonight.
Pepper had said that he couldn’t protect Tony from everything, and she was right. But that didn’t help his guilt. Tony knew how the team deals with injuries and illness; the member takes medical leave until either they feel better or the team deems them needed too badly. That’s how it worked for everyone, they had all agreed on it after the Chitauri invasion. But Tony consistently risked it all unnecessarily. This guilt wasn’t about just this one time.
Agent said, walking in.
he shrugged with his most self-deprecating smile.
Peter and Wade go trick-or-treating without Peter's dads for the first time. He's a big kid now.
Steve snatched the box back up, slipping the ring onto Tony’s finger. When they were back in their seats, much closer together on the couch now, Tony actually looked at the ring for the first time. It was a simple silver ring with a blue stone the colour of Steve’s eyes. On close inspection, the band itself had an intricate design carved into it that made reminded Tony of a circuit board. It was too perfect, and Tony was grinning at it like a smitten schoolgirl when the band and applause indicated the end of the adbreak.
Tony sighed in relief, too tired to notice the guilt laced through his lover’s voice.
The man in scrubs said. Steve nodded, allowing the man to help him into shaky legs.
Clint beamed at them. He never got to make the plans that saved the day, since he was always just a little slower at coming up with them. He was just as good a tactician as Steve, just not as fast. He liked to blame the serum for the difference.
Tony felt off-balance.
The hair on the back of everyone’s necks raised with the energy in the room. Clint looked around for any sign of tech causing the change, but his sharp gaze caught nothing. This was most likely not a con. There was a moment of unnatural stillness and quiet before the crystal ball in the center filled with a milky white swirl that slowly morphed into a face.  The face was pale and gaunt, and it seemed familiar, but Clint couldn’t place it. The odd warping of its dimensions by the globe and the fact that there was no body attached made it take longer for him to recognize. That was his mother.
Steve watched Tony answer another question and the rest of the room could’ve disappeared for all he cared. When the billionaire really got going in an interview, his real personality would begin to bleed through the cocky public persona. His easy going responses put even the most rowdy reporters at ease and he expertly steered conversation to topics he was comfortable with. Growing up in the spotlight had shaped him into the perfect interviewee that Steve, with his awkward shyness, could never hope to be.
Phil asked. They had to get to work on Steve.
He moaned, then suddenly turned away to vomit on the forest floor. Tony put his hand out to steady himself against a tree. His whole upper body was achy, he felt hot and sweaty, his head hurt, and he was kind of dizzy. He hadn’t wanted to say anything, because they couldn’t slow their pace if they wanted to reach the city tonight.
That's how a perfectly normal Goosebumps marathon became a night of stories and revelations that the eight year old Peter would cherish forever.
Then he was gone.
He ran out into the hall, shouting for help. Several staff came running over and he wasn’t sure what to say. Some of them could see inside, and they had been monitoring Tony’s vitals from the nurses’ station, but this was beyond their depth. Tony was clearly still alive, but his body seemed on pause.
He heaved again, but there wasn’t much in his stomach anyway. He wiped his mouth and stood, squaring his shoulders.
Tony gets kidnapped by an old friend. Why did people have to hold grudges for so damn long? And couldn't they just wait until November? Was that too much to ask?
How many times had he found Tony injured in his lab because he tested things with no precautions? How many times did he have to carry Tony to bed because he had passed out after several sleepless nights? How often did Steve have to nearly force feed him because he wouldn’t step away from his work? It felt like Tony had a death wish, and Steve didn’t know what to do about it.
Tony stretched with an exaggerated yawn.
Steve saw the situation unraveling fast.
A flash of fury before the smile returned.
That was a good question. So many things and nothing at all. He wanted to drink himself to sleep, shoot until his fingers bled, sit at Tony’s bedside, have passionate, rough sex, and also sit and stare at a wall doing absolutely nothing. He looked up in surprise when he felt Phil tugging his arm.
Tony stared at the supersoldier. He had to be kidding, right? Suddenly anger rose up like bile.
Dr. Stein said,
he said simply before closing the door to Tony’s coffin.
Ty shook his head.
the doctor began, looking slightly horrified.
Tony threw his hands up in frustration.
Phil sighed.
Tony asked, hand on his hip. He only got even sassier around Janet. The two together could be a nightmare sometimes. When Tony, Janet, and Clint were all three in a room, one’s only hope was to flee before you got caught in their whirlwind.
Even without the weight of the suit, Steve watched Tony become drenched in sweat over the next hour. He was rubbing at his left arm and shoulder every few steps, too.
The genius nearly ran out of the room, muttering to himself.
he laughed.
It wasn’t until after his parents’ deaths and his subsequent inheritance of Stark Industries that he truly began to understand the meaning of her words. A 21 year old Tony, who had never really had any guidance from his parents, was thrust into all of their responsibilities; He had to be the new Howard Stark. How was a scared basically-kid still in shock from loss supposed to shoulder the weight? He resorted to the only thing he knew, mimicry.
Steve smiled at the memory. Well, this debacle could be a good thing, he decided. They could go to Wanda right now and get her to fix it, but Steve had a much better idea. L-E-T-S-W-A-I-T-U-N-T-I-L-M-O-N-D-A-Y-T-O-T-E-L-L-W-A-N-D-A. Steve still hadn’t mastered signing beyond finger spelling.
Tony asked.
Strange shook his head.
he managed. It was so quiet that Steve only made it out with his enhanced hearing. He wished he could say more, apologize for being stupid and reckless. The sharp pain in his chest was getting unbearable now, and the pain became his focal point. It was all that was left that defined him. He had always known the shrapnel in his heart would kill him one day, but he had kind of hoped it’d come with more warning.
YOU SUCCEED, Steve responded happily. OTHERS WILL LOVE IT.
The bullet had come from the man holding the odd gun pointed at Tony, Clint thought as he dropped to his knees. It didn’t make sense because the gun was still facing Tony. Clint’s thoughts moved like molasses as he finally noticed the other gun pointing at him from underneath the larger gun. It was also strange, but in a different way. He couldn’t think anymore, it was too hard. All he saw was white, and who’s that screaming?
Peter pushed his hand off as he sat up, looking like Steve had insulted his honour.
Wow, even Steve could hear how bad he was at lying.
Clint didn’t say anything, just took off his t-shirt and placed it in his lap. He had never been self-conscious about his body before, but being studied made him feel a little like squirming.
The air wasn’t helping her anymore. She kept breathing, harder and faster, but it was just recycled CO2 at this point. It felt a little like drowning slowly.
he croaked. He slumped back against the TV stand.
Strange rushed to Tony and worked a quick spell to stop the fall but it was too late, all he could do was slow it down and lessen the impact somewhat. He hoped it was enough. He silently cursed himself for being so focused on the Mandarin that he forgot the magic pinning Tony would fail.
The pair looked like they had been out at a nice dinner and decided to stop for dessert on the way home. The plan was to behave as if they were a little tipsy, just loose enough to be overly talkative with strangers. Natasha would play the flirt role she was so good at, and Clint would be the boyfriend too dull to notice. They had been getting a look of the shop from various points for a couple hours, finding what they could about where ingredients came from and where food was prepped. They had looked over the file, but it was fairly empty because it turns out Abram is an undocumented immigrant who had slipped through the cracks unnoticed.
Loki looked like he might argue, but Thor moved behind him, and he nearly jumped out of his skin.
Natasha asked.
Thanks to everyone who read the whole way through! I put a lot of time and love into this piece and I can only hope it makes some readers as happy as it makes me. I know, I'm cheesy, but who doesn't love cheese?
With Steve gone, Tony extricated himself from the machine.
he cut himself off. The room was deafeningly silent.
she whispered. Strange glanced up at her, unsure if he could finish that quickly. She sent him a wave of confidence without breaking her gaze with Tony, and Doctor Strange decided she was right.
He watched Schmidt turn away from him. The man began pacing slowly, his hands behind his back. It reminded Dracula of what he used to do when deep in thought, back when he was human and felt a need to move about. That was a long time ago, and now he often sat still as a statue while he pondered existence.
Tony shrugged.
Clint bowed theatrically.
They all stared at Loki, shocked. They had never seen him sound so…  respectful.
he started. Jessica wasn’t answering his calls, and Trish never heard from her, and she could be dead. The police would never find him in time to save Jessica if the Digger had her. His MO was to bury his victims the same night. It was more difficult to keep live victims from calling attention or escaping than it was to just be rid of them before the morning light.
Where did his genius IQ go at times like this when he desperately needed to form meaningful sentences?
he held them up in excitement.
Steve’s voice was getting louder and he had to reign it in. He hadn’t meant for that to come spilling out.
Steve had screamed and ran towards Tony as he slid down the wall in slow motion. The hallway just kept stretching the distance between them, though. When the arc reactor’s light had flickered out and Tony let out a long dying breath, Steve had just crumpled, sobbing that he was sorry. Needless to say, he didn’t want to sleep any more right now.
He sighed, the anger draining out of him, leaving only weariness.
he asked nonchalantly.
she said, ignoring the comment.
The lab in front of him was now a completely different lab. Tony looked around the room, vaguely aware that this was in his head; that he was still at home. This lab looked more like disorganized warehouse. There were tables scattered about, with chemistry equipment and glowing solutions. In piles throughout the large room there were metal tools and weapons, but they were completely alien to Tony. The view before Tony was suddenly back to his own lab with Strange facing him. He couldn’t help the hand that flew to his heaving chest. He took a few deep breaths, letting his panic ebb away.
Sorry I've fallen so far behind! If anyone is still out there reading this, that is.
Tony grinned.
Steve hummed in response.
He had meant it to sound joking, Tony’s tone had been only semi-serious, but Clint was losing control of his emotions. Clint tamped down the urge to punch Tony. This is what happened when people didn’t sleep, their fuses shrank.
Steve looked over at Fury’s near-shout in surprise.
he said softly, looking up at Phil through his eyelashes, putting on a slight pout.
Clint could feel the boy next to him clench his hand tightly in reaction to the voice. It was hard to think straight about what was happening. His heart was racing and he felt like the world was moving slowly through a fog. His mom actually apologized? She was sorry for something? The phrase had sounded foreign on her lips. Not that it was fair for Clint to judge the woman. His parents had died when he was so young, his only memories of them were coloured by his brother’s stories and his nightmares. Maybe his father hadn’t been as terrifying as Clint remembered. Although, he had to be something scary to cause such a young child to hide in the ceiling all the time.
Clint said, thankfully making the conversation a little less awkward.
he most certainly did not whine,
His head hurt, probably from the crying and exhaustion, but he didn’t want to sleep at the moment. Something was starting to nag at him, but he couldn’t tell what it was. Seeing Julie again had made him think about Tony’s hospital stay after the heart attack. Something about that was bugging him but what was it? His care had been terrific, obviously, that’s why he’s got the same doctor and PCA again. SHIELD has decided they’re good. So that’s not it.
Dr. Stein sighed.
he started.
Peter nodded while Steve rubbed the back of his head sheepishly.
Clint said softly, not able to meet Tony’s eyes.
he sighed.
It all finally made sense. Things were always about the damn serum. Of all the things the serum could do, helping vampires become immune to UV rays was the last thing any of them would’ve expected. Tony already had some theories as to why, but he’d need to study some of Natasha’s blood with Steve’s first. He made a mental note to get a sample before he fixed her. Bruce will be excited to look at it with him, he was sure. As soon as he wasn’t being controlled by Dracula, that is. Maybe he shouldn't have been so quick to send the Hulk in. A vampire Hulk was extra terrifying.
Tony’s pained cry was louder than was safe considering there might still be enemies searching the woods. He bit down into his lip in order to quiet the others, tasting blood, but successfully quieting to muffled groans. Jenny was placing her left hand on each open wound and it felt like she was shooting some sort of liquid into them that quickly expanded and dried into a solid that stopped where it hit any flesh. Tony flexed his arm, and was impressed that the seal was water-tight.
he paused,
Just then the doctor came through the door and any thoughts about Abram dissipated, leaving room only for worry.
Peter bit his lip, a slight blush colouring his cheeks, and Wade wished he didn’t have those goggles on. He wanted to look his best friend in the eyes to see what he was thinking. Without explaining himself, Peter suddenly whipped out his phone and turned it off.
Stephen stepped back, sighing softly.
He slid it across the bar and Phil stopped it from going over the edge. He dropped his face into his hands and grumbled into them,
A teenager opened the door and ushered them in.
Tony stood, examining their surroundings closely.
Steve nodded, throwing out another jab. ‘I’m learning new things,’ he replied.
Tony pulled away, heading towards the elevator with Steve following. He needed to mainline some caffeine.
Bruce examined his friend’s form quickly. Tony wasn’t really getting in any consistent air between the full body twitches that left him breathless. He held Tony as still as he could while he wrenched the damaged reactor out.
It should have been angry but they could all hear the fondness. Despite their increase in fights recently, Tony and Steve were still sickeningly smitten with each other since last October.
- “...but He will by no means clear the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children to the third and the fourth generations.”
He kept reiterating that he was not there to hurt the man as he got close enough to touch him. The last thing he wanted was for the injured man to wake up and hurt himself in a panic trying to defend himself.
She gave him her sweetest smile. If she had to work around these guys for the rest of the case, they could at least be friendly.
Neither of them seemed to be aware of it as they watched Steve with rapt attention, waiting for more. It was easy to forget that Steve used to be so fragile. He just seemed invincible most of the time.
He asked. It wasn’t creepy to ask. He was just a concerned friend.
Coulson stood, Tony just noticing that he had still been kneeling in front of him the entire conversation.
It had been nearly a decade since the last time he used the doll. His life was comfortable, he didn’t need to. The money was running out, though, and in retrospect he maybe should’ve invested some of it, but now it was too late. He could pull out the old costume and doll for one last mission, then he would invest it properly this time and swear off hurting people for good. The only logical target was the richest man in the world, of course. Tony Stark.
He nuzzled into Steve’s shoulder. This was all too much to deal with and he didn’t know how. He still didn’t really know how to be loved by such a perfect man. Nor did he know how to have this family he had now, that supported him and was always there. It was so foreign.
He cleaned his glasses on his shirt, not looking at the genius. He heard the sigh from Tony and everyone shifted in their seats, waiting.
Phil started the coffee pots while Clint went to wake Steve. He was very tense because if this didn’t work, they had no backup plan. Clint opened the door and looked at his sleeping friends. Steve was curled around Tony like a protective covering, which would only make this more difficult. Waking Steve is always tricky because if he’s having a war dream, Clint usually gets hurt then Steve feels awful. As long as he didn’t touch Steve, he was safe, but that meant he had to talk without waking Tony. He got as close to Steve’s ear as he could without touching anyone.
Steve and Natasha were learning a lot. Neither of them had ever noticed that they used their hearing so much to avoid attacks. Both were dodging far less than usual, and it only validated to Steve that this was a good idea. Natasha caught his eye when Steve smiled proudly to himself. ‘Happy with yourself?’ she mouthed, one eyebrow quirked.
She checked Tony’s monitors as she talked, then stopped to rest her hand on Steve’s shoulder.
Her words alone sounded unfeeling and harsh, but Steve had been around her enough to hear what she wasn’t saying. The concern and the desire for him not to torture himself with imagined horrors. She probably knew what that was like.
Bruce smiled sadly.
Amora is up to her usual antics. Who could blame her? Thor and her were
Stephen's face was right there and he was saying something but Tony couldn't make it out over the roaring sound in his ears and his lungs were burning. He tried desperately to breathe again and his vision went black.
Phil Coulson had never seen two grown men this into a debate about Bigfoot. That's right, Bigfoot. He watched from his perch in the corner of the room while Tony and Clint argued back and forth about the existence of the furry beast. They were both drunk, and somewhere between giggly and screaming. Phil wasn't sure he even needed to watch movies anymore when he had entertainment like this right at home.
JARVIS explained while Tony studied the scans. How had he not thought of the gamma rays! He was learning so much today, it was hard to remember that all of this was a bad thing. Tony loved learning about a whole new subject to study. Vampires were fascinating. The experiments he could do if he just got his hands on a minion were endless.
Another tense moment past before Bruce made up his mind. He sat down on the floor, smiling at Peter.
Tony wiggled them, but she slapped his hand away. Steve glared at him while he pouted.
Steve didn’t look convinced.
The questions had become statements.
He saw the bright red on the sharp edge of a metal sheet before he felt the sharp pain of his hand sliced open. He hissed at the stinging pain, running his hand under the sink so he could see how bad it was. It wasn’t too deep so it probably wouldn’t need stitches. He wrapped the nearest rag tight around his hand. This wouldn’t have happened if Tony hadn’t been distracted thinking about Steve’s hurt face staring at him upstairs. How the man who took down platoons of Nazis by himself without breaking a sweat could look like such a kicked puppy was beyond Tony.
Doctor Strange looked at him as though he were a petulant child.
Slow realization dawned on Peter, and he gaped at the other boy.
Tony tried to glare at the grinning kid, but the lopsided smile slid onto his face without his permission. The kid was just so cute.
JARVIS’ sensors picked up the movement in the back hallway first, an unnaturally quick blur of a man darting across the doorway into the lobby, before peaking out.
he asked. At everyone’s immediate head shaking he dropped that line of thinking.
The judge was a tiny woman with a high voice. It didn’t fit one’s general picture of a judge.
Steve sat on the arm of the couch.
Tony sounded blasé, but he was trembling as he eyed that ring. Ten rings and Tony had only seen some of the power so far; almost anything could happen.
The quotes from the Digger (the serial killer) are from Edgar Allen Poe stories. The Digger is actually an existing character in the Marvel 616 universe, I didn't make him up. He had an interesting little debut in
the man in a lab coat spoke, apologetic.
Peter snorted at the picture in his head. Sex still seemed gross to him, but it would be extra weird if your sister was attached to you.
Steve felt his face warm again.
Another two had arrived with a stretcher and they were lifting Tony onto it. Steve followed beside them, holding Tony’s outstretched hand. Tony looked like he was about to say something, but instead cried out in pain and clutched at his abdomen. His breathing remained labored all the way to the helicopter, where it stopped altogether. Steve was gently pushed into a seat while they started manually inflating Tony’s lungs, and Steve’s world was spinning. Tony  was writhing in pain, still semi-conscious and all Steve could do was watch helplessly. When they landed at the hospital, Steve tried to stand and follow, but his knees locked in place and he was so dizzy.
It started out as an alliance. Vlad Dracula had fought alongside Captain America as tentative allies when HYDRA took over Transylvania. The nazi organization took over
When Natasha walked up they pulled apart, and no one mentioned that Bruce was crying again.
Bruce sighed heavily, looking exhausted. They all were pretty tired, yet high strung because apparently there was a terrorist group after one of their own. Again.
It was hard to pinpoint when it started. Little troubles easily dismissed as bad luck or simple mistakes grew incrementally until the only logical conclusion was that something was wrong. Very wrong.
A flash of white light and pain sharp behind his eyes.
he murmured.
Steve asked finally. He had no idea how to take on a sorceress this powerful. Strange and Thor had both recognized her voice back in the Nightmare Realm, and had been clearly unhappy about it.
Clint jumped slightly at the jolt of energy he felt travel through them. Their hands felt magnetically connected now, like Clint couldn’t let go if he wanted to.
Clint turned to see why Tony was cursing and saw the ominous lack of light from Tony’s chest.
– Clint
Steve ignored Tony’s hand this time when he tried to block Steve from grabbing him. He felt Tony twitch eagerly in his grasp as he watched Tony throw his head back with a moan. Tony’s sounds were always the best part for Steve. The man could make the most obscene noises, and it was the only time Steve could make him fumble his words. Steve reached into the drawer beside him, pulling out the lube.
Mr. Doll had no super-powers. He had no suits of armour, no genius IQ, he wasn’t even particularly strong, agile or attractive. Mr. Doll was a normal human with normal ambitions and desires. He blamed the job market for his lapses in ethics. How was he to compete for wealth in this country against attractive geniuses and people who came from wealthy families and had all the right connections? He tried the whole work hard and save money method, but after multiple occasions of being let go from companies that were downsizing, despite his loyal, hard work, it was hard to keep at it.
Natasha had walked back towards them, and pushed Steve back into a seat before the man passed out. He had locked his knees and was clearly a little in shock. That alone seemed to break Steve out of it, and his Captain demeanor took over.
Tony joined in gleefully.
Tony shouted after him.
By the time they were done eating and packing away the leftovers in bear-proof, freshness-preserving containers of Tony’s design for dinner, it was somewhere in the late afternoon.
Steve collapsed into the nearest chair, trembling again. A heart attack? He thought those were something old people had. Was this related to his illness earlier? He held his face in his hands, unable to look at any of them. He startled up when he heard the door open and a doctor walked out to them.
Clint said tiredly, but Tony didn’t react.
The Mandarin just shook his head.
everyone will be okay. This specific plot will be continued later in the month for one of the other prompts, so the injured characters can recover. This is kind of all hurt without the comfort I'm sorry! There's bits of Stony and Phlint in this one. Warning for bleeding I suppose.
The smile on the Sorcerer’s face was unconvincing.
she shook her head as if to clear it.
Fury shook his head disappointedly.
Clint murmured into his ear.
The room was silent. No one was sure right away if Thor was finished. Peter finally broke the silence,
she commented as Thor entered the room. Natasha always took a keen interest in Thor’s fashion, so she noticed any tiny changes in his everyday appearance. One of her favourite pastimes was playing dress up and makeover with Thor, partially because he was the only one who let her, and partially because it was just so entertaining. His massive demigod body managed to look good in everything from speedo to ballgown. It was also no secret that his hair was the most luscious of the group, which allowed for a myriad of experimentation for style.
To the genius’ credit, Dracula did chuckle.
Still in the night the fire light is glowing.
she waved them off distractedly.
She tried to push up on the lid with her considerable strength, but there had to be metal reinforcing the thing and keeping it shut, because it didn’t budge.
Steve met his gaze, anxious and sad. That was never a good sign, but then again, Steve was more emotional than most.
Steve noticed that Thor did that sometimes. He would say two conflicting things, but it sounded entirely true nonetheless. Steve supposed it came from the wisdom of his years.
When nobody said anything, but stood in awkward silence, she sighed again.
A throne appeared beneath Mephisto as he sat, and he stroked his chin thoughtfully.
Tony thought about that.
Steve looked up at him through tears.
and below had details of an event one could attend for five dollars and see a
A man nearby asked. Tony leaned over to whisper in Steve’s ear that it was Ian Gerund, a reporter for
she told him, never breaking the flow of magic between her and Tony.
He beamed at her.
Steve:
He felt Tony nod into his stomach. His labored breathing set Steve on edge. What was he going to do if the man stopped breathing altogether? All of this was from a couple of spiders. Knowing Tony’s luck in particular, Steve would bet money that the effects of whatever venom this was probably wasn’t even supposed to be this severe. Tony was overworked, underfed, and already had breathing problems from the diminished lung capacity. Having a giant electromagnet in place of your sternum and taking of some of the pleural space would do that. It’s why Tony couldn’t ski anymore; the risk of altitude sickness was too high.
Thor reached a shaking hand forward and touched her face, as though he weren’t sure she were real.
Tony allowed time for the chuckles. He was nothing if not a showman.
Steve blushed.
YES, she signed. NOW.
Of course the last fucking branch was Tony’s only miscalculation. It must have already been structurally compromised on the underside, because it was definitely big enough to hold his weight with no sound this close to the tree trunk. The cracking sound gave him away, so it was now or never.
he echoed in horror.
he said.
Tony responded, but it was too slurred to make heads or tails of. Steve frowned. Was he drugged? He didn’t have any wounds or bruises. Steve put his fingers to Tony’s neck, his pulse was weak and too fast. He was warm to the touch but there was no sweat and that was worrying. Scooping the light man into his arms, he broke into a sprint to get outside again. He was glad SHIELD had sent medical with him when they finally got the location out of Stone.
They followed her quietly into the SHIELD medical wing, where she led them to the third door on the left. She opened the door and gestured for them to go in, but stayed in the doorway herself,
Clint commented loudly.
he said nonchalantly. He reached down and touched Tony’s arc reactor, which Tony normally would’ve flinched away from, but he was too weak and weighed down by the suit. Tony felt the spark of the arc reactor kick back on and his body jumped at the spark of its own accord. The pain slowly subsided and his breathing grew easier, but that was the longest he’d gone without the reactor, and right after a heart attack. He wasn’t so sure there wouldn’t be lasting damage.
Steve leaned forward intently, biting his lip. He looked as though he might lose it and shake Tony awake any minute. That's when tears started streaming down Tony’s face.
The soggy laugh that burst out of her surprised both of them.
Right. That was a thing now. Tony not only had to worry about shrapnel shredding his heart, he had to worry about his heart losing track of it’s job and going off the rails.
He went to sit up then hissed as it sent a sharp pain though his clavicle, leaving behind a dull ache. Letting his head fall back down he closed his eyes again. He was so tired.
Natasha stood.
He had tears spilling over.
Tony rolled his eyes. He made a few hand motions that made a large holographic screen show up and a keyboard at his hands.
Bruce tried.
Just then Natasha and Bruce walked in.
the woman said with a small flick of her hand. Clint went flying through the air, crashing into a wall behind him and slumping to the floor, unconscious. Everyone was definitely aware of her presence now. The team had moved into wary battle stances, except for Thor and Tony. Thor was just in front of her, so he turned to eye her cautiously, but did not dare move. Tony was staring with wide-eyed recognition.
Coulson said, standing and looking in charge.
the coward had finally at least given a false name, and a dumb one at that.
A muffled yell sounded from the other direction, catching Krupp’s attention.
Wanda nodded in agreement and left to get a nurse to start a transfusion.
Steve stood up at the sudden change in Tony’s body. He hadn’t even finished his scream before it had cut off into strangled gasping and coughing up blood. Steve could tell all of his ribs were broken, his chest sort of caving in the center. The wound in Tony’s side began bleeding faster, and all of his limbs laid unnaturally flat against the bed. The idea that every limb could have breaks was horrifying. Strange was working quickly in his periphery, but Tony was dying in agony in front of them.
Tony was confused.
Whatever had shocked him was yanked out of his side, where Tony hadn’t realized it had been stabbed between some ribs. He gasped at the sharp feeling of the unknown tool being extricated. The air stung the wound, and Tony could feel the warmth of blood running down his side. His breathing was ragged. Maybe he wouldn’t live to see next October, he though distantly.
the blond asked angrily. He stood.
Maria would look at her brilliant, innocent child, and see Howard. She knew that it wasn’t Tony’s fault he looked so much like the man, but she couldn’t help the visceral reaction. There was always an undercurrent of fear and hatred in the way she saw her own son. She hated herself for it. She depended on Jarvis to take care of the boy a lot of the time mostly because she felt sick around him. Maria knew that she and Howard were failures as parents, and that Tony would have to pay for their sins and deserved better. But she cowered in her isolation and did nothing to fix it.
Tony suddenly felt very tired, and didn’t want to have this conversation. It was a trap, this was going to become one of
Steve looked back and forth between the smug bastard and his love, ignoring the awkward silence that had descended on the party while the drama unfolded. Tony was right, he didn’t know what had gotten into him. He stood, pushing the waiter towards one of the guards, who caught the stumbling man easily and pinned his arms behind his back.
Steve read the one page list. It was nonsensical. He looked back at Tony, confused.
she bit out.
Tony commanded.
Warnings for graphic descriptions of injuries including broken bones and blood.
he taunted, raising his head to look at Clint before dropping it back to the ground.
Natasha had taken command of the situation immediately, and Tony was grateful, because he was kind of distracted and Steve looked like he might be in shock.
A firefighter walked up to him. Frank raised his head to look at them, numb. She pulled off her helmet, and he could see she was one of the women who lived on their street.
Thor took advantage of Steve’s surprise and landed a solid gut punch. Steve actually left the ground momentarily before slamming into the mirror behind him. Some of the glass trickled away around him as he tried to regain the breath knocked out of him. Thor drew closer, but instead of kneeling to apologize or ask if he was okay, Thor smacked his head back against the wall. The world went dark.
she looked at Coulson,
Strange made a circular motion in the air with one hand, the other stretched out in front of the circling hand, aiming the magic similarly to the armor’s repulsors. A glowing blue circle formed in front of him, with black swirling within it. It grew until it was about the size of the elevator door.
Peter shook his head.
Clint startled from his thoughts, glancing up.
He left Tony’s field of vision for a moment, and it sounded like he rolled over a table and turned on some machinery. Norman’s face returned above him.
Tony’s heart had stopped. He was certain of it. What was Steve thinking!? He felt dizzy, and oh yeah, maybe he needed to breathe. He took in a shaky breath. He couldn’t even tell anymore if he was ecstatic or terrified. Of course he had wanted this, more than anyone could imagine, but Steve was not thinking this through. The right wing news was going to tear them to shreds tomorrow. A hush fell over the audience, and Tony could feel the people leaning forward on their seats in anticipation, but his own gaze was locked onto the kneeling blond.
Iron man was still standing but the reactor was dim and flickering. Clint might very well be dead soon if not already and Tony was going to die if the reactor failed and he couldn’t take this. He made it to his boyfriend’s side in time to watch the armour land flat on it’s back. Steve couldn’t see Tony’s expression when he lifted the faceplate, his tears leaving everything blurry. The reactor finally went dark and Tony arched his back, gasping.
He called out the rolled down passenger side window.
The work engrossed him immediately, so he didn’t notice the way everyone else in the room exchanged glances. Eventually Bruce shrugged, deciding Tony would probably be least annoyed by him pressing.
Steve pulled over onto the shoulder of the road in front of Tony, and got out at a run.
he dropped his voice down to a sultry tone.
Steve ventured further into the cave, sitting beside Tony.
Steve sat down at the counter, so Tony took his own seat warily. They ate in tense silence for several long minutes before Steve looked up at him again. He looked sad instead of angry.
Steve said sharply. He reigned the anger in quickly, this wasn’t Coulson’s fault, it was his own.
she seemed to think for a moment.
he tried, immediately regretting the attempt at humor. He just wasn’t good with this stuff. Really, no one was good at a conversation like this. How could you be? He squeezed Steve’s hand.
The night was already out of his control. Steve shot Tony a glare. They would talk about this later. Just because Tony had no semblance of a sleep schedule did not mean that Peter should inherit the bad habit.
Before Steve knew it they were walking into a small deli that was overcrowded with clutter. There were Christmas decorations still out, and too many tables and chairs. Steve noticed a large mural on one wall of what looked like maybe Jesus in Nazareth? If it was, Steve was impressed because this depiction was more accurate to what Jesus probably actually looked like, according to that special Steve had watched on the History Channel (Steve really enjoyed the history channel, and used it to catch up on recent history). At the churches he’d been too, Jesus was always white with long flowing hair, which didn’t make sense for where he was from. His admiration for the mural was interrupted as Tony beckoned him over to the display counter, where there were rows of delicious looking desserts Steve had never seen before.
Tony let out an annoyed huff. He knew Strange was right, but he wasn’t going to say it. Strange already knew that Tony respected him anyway, this banter was their thing. Plus Wanda knew that Tony adored her. He just wished she would hide the worry on her face a little more as she stared at him.
Agent Coulson was looking down at Tony from behind the kneeling Captain. Tony saw the gratefulness in the man’s eyes and it had all been worth it. He was on a stretcher and Steve wasn’t pulled away. Tony finally let his eyes slide shut, and the world went black.
he said softly.
The only respite was when Morgana would get bored of one spell and move onto another. At some point burning turned into crushing pain, which would eventually morph into the stabbing pain of invisible knives through him in all directions. Tony had no idea the woman hated him so much. Or perhaps she just needed someone to torture, and he was a convenient pastime for her. It was weird to think about how this much pain could come out of just one angry enemy, one bored sorceress looking for an outlet.
Steve was clutching his legs, and there would be finger shaped bruises, but it kept him from throwing things.
Steve stated severely.
he rasped. Steve needed to lose that panicky look he had. Tony was starting to think Steve would have a heart attack in his thirties of he kept up this level of stress every time Tony got hurt.
he admonished.
Stange continued,
The rest of the room watched them with baited breath. Even Peter seemed to pick up on the privacy of the moment and held his tongue. Tony held his best friend’s gaze. He had no issue with Peter hearing these things, his son had unfortunately heard worse. Wade Wilson’s past was pretty terrible, and the two of them seemed to attract all the children from broken homes at school. Tony liked to assume it was Peter’s amazing kindness that brought the saddest children to his side, seeking comfort. The kid’s heart was so pure and giving. Tony was only worried about Bruce.
She faux whispered to Steve while he was led away by Tony.
Heather spoke up.
Tony grinned in excitement.
Tony thought about that, giggling in response to Steve’s laughter. He felt warm and happy, and maybe he should just bask in that while he could.
He let his head lean back, hitting the wall slightly, but not painfully. He closed his eyes.
he unfolded the wheelchair in the corner.
His nausea subsided as they walked, but the rest of Tony’s symptoms only got worse. He felt weak and shaky. It was fortunate that Steve could easily carry his shield and the suit, because there’s no way Tony would be able to carry anything like this. It took enough effort just to keep placing one foot in front of the other. Tony had survived much worse than spiders. He could do this.
Tony stared at her in awe. This woman was a new breed of doctor he hadn’t dealt with before. Not even at SHIELD medical. He threw his hands up in a surrender.
Phil's fingers closed around Clint's and they slowly made their way towards the chaos surrounding capsicle and the Mandarin.
he tried gently, but his mouth snapped shut when Tony shot him a vicious glare.
Steve smiled gently.
Both magicians shook their heads sadly.
he tried his best to sound soothing.
she interrupted, losing patience.
Steve looked away from him at those words, his eyes filled with pain and Bruce wanted to scream. These two were ridiculously frustrating and it was a wonder the Other Guy didn’t come out all the time because of them. How could Steve not see that Tony needed him? Why does Tony always feel the need to push the people he needs away?
She flipped through some pages on her clipboard, scanning them.
He took a long drink of the coffee, just to stall for time a little.
Tony looked at the ceiling if only to give himself a reprieve from looking at Ty.
he admitted finally.
There was no choice but to retract the suit as quickly as possible before whatever power this man had began draining Tony’s reactor. The suit was completely drained by the time Tony was free of it.
Magic put him on edge already, but having your senses tricked like that was disorienting.
Slowly, it had devolved into explanations of the games each of them played as kids, since they all came from such different backgrounds.
she cut him off ruthlessly.
Tony shifted to face him. This was a harsher reaction than he’d been expecting.
Pepper studied him intently then softened her features with a smile.
Peter smiled sleepily at the ceiling.
Dr. Strange turned to him.
the man was rambling nervously, and they both knew it.
Clint asked, mostly thinking aloud as they walked.
and the two boys took off running, determined to get twice the candy they already had.
He stomped his feet to punctuate his words.
she singsonged the last bit before sticking out her tongue. She had probably begun hanging out with Clint. She backed off then, and he had some room to breathe and take stock of his body.
Clint thought aloud as they neared the jet.
he started choking up again so Clint pulled him into a hug. Bruce clung like Clint was a lifeline.
Tony declared.
Tony turned to give his lover a long look before he continued making his way back to his next project.
he added.
Steve kissed him, which conveniently gave him the excuse to be right at Tony’s eye level as he said,
He turned to face the quiet scientist, careful to keep his demeanor relaxed.
That had been a terrible adventure.
he spoke quietly, which for Steve, was his version of ‘you better give me the right answer or I’ll explode into an unreasonable angry soldier.’ Tony knew him.
her lips were quivering as she talked, and she looked so pale. But Thor could also see the determination in her eyes to make him save others before her.
He flailed around stupidly before he fell on his ass.
He scooped Tony up like a child. He was so light, probably because he almost never ate. It said a lot about Tony’s mental state that he didn’t complain about being treated like a baby. He just buried his face into Clint’s stomach, murmuring apologies.
he asked incredulously.
Comments and kudos are appreciated as always!
Steve knew how to handle Dracula. They had a rapport. So when Clint shot an arrow uselessly through the vampire, he was furious. The archer had ruined their chances of settling this peacefully with one thoughtless act. The vampires could be handled easily, Steve knew his way around them. He never would’ve been comfortable fighting beside them in the war if he hadn’t known how to defend himself should they betray the Howling Commandos. Dracula himself in a fight though? He wasn’t as sure they could handle.
Tony wasn’t sure how to explain considering he hadn’t come up with that one, it was Bruce, so he decided to just go for honesty.
Tony groaned, anger at Clint completely forgotten.
he sounded desperate. Tony stood and brushed himself off, motioning for the sorcerer to join him on the couch. Perhaps this was a dream. It was definitely strange enough. Ha. Strange.
She walked out leaving the door open, her ponytail swayed behind her.
Tony crossed his arms with a smugness the situation surely did not warrant.
Steve raised his hand to wave over a waiter for the check.
(See the end of the chapter for
Every breath hurt. It was surreal to just let a wound bleed freely, but he had noticed the way his hand had done nothing to lessen the leakage. The only plus side was that the stabbing pain definitely distracted him from the pain of his broken bones. The pain increased immeasurably for a moment, and Tony distantly knew those were his screams, but all he could focus on was the feeling that someone was twisting and digging a finger around in his side, but there was no one there. When the sensation finally disappeared, his chest was heaving as he tried to breathe normally again. Little by little, he was able to slow his gasps.
The eight year old only frowned deeper until Clint held his hands up in surrender.
Yinsen’s face blurred into Agent’s, pulling him out of the flashback. Tony could feel his heart pounding and his hands were trembling. When he looked down and saw that he was still clutching the air as if he needed to hold the car battery he slowly lowered his hands to his sides. Everyone’s eyes were on him and the papers from the folder were scattered everywhere. He didn’t even have the energy to be embarrassed.
Whatever the sorcerer did, it worked, because Nightmare screamed out in pain, and the lock on the cage housing the children disappeared.
The red ring was on his left index finger, Tony finally caught this time. It looked like four capsules that blasted out heat, and Tony saw the orange light in his periphery before he realized in horror that his shirt was on fire. His legs were pinned to the chair, and his arms felt like they were 50 pounds each. He struggled to try and get the flaming clothing off, but not only were his arms heavy but the sleeves were caught on the chains. Pieces of his shirt started falling to the ground in flaming tatters, allowing Tony to escape the hellish heat. At this point every movement made his nerve endings scream and his skin feel like it would crack open, especially on his back. As he had been slouching forward trying to get the shirt off, the flaming fabric hadn’t been touching the front of his torso directly.
Doctor Strange turned to them.
Steve was on the ground, Tony on top of him, and he couldn’t stop laughing.
he murmured.
He spoke quieter this time.
the god summarized.
Tony reminded him. Steve didn’t have a chance to respond before the greetings and small talk of the night began.
What the hell was happening? Everything seemed like it had been going so well. This was all his fault; he should have pushed harder when Tony decided to come. Whatever had got him mildly ill had been bound to affect Tony severely, as little as Tony took care of himself on a normal day. But JARVIS had said he was okay…  If it was the same thing, why had it been a delayed reaction for Tony? He should have seen this coming.
and he was rambling. Tony knew he was rambling. Somewhere deep down, he knew he was being unreasonable too, but he was just so
Tony took one last glance over their handiwork. The small group of senators had worked with him and Fury to write the law, made sure they were well-worded to do the greatest good. Masked heroes needed to be held accountable. Tony had made the mistake of being unaccountable before, had been the Merchant of Death; he wanted to save all his friends the pain of learning that lesson the hard way. The children who’d died in that explosion were his fault. Not directly, of course, but Tony knew better. He should have foreseen this and done something sooner. This was for the best. A flash of the future felt like a punch to the gut. Tony should’ve never made the Superhero Registration Act.
domain. It was humiliating. He was the lord of all vampires and he had to work with humans to get rid of humans. When the war ended, the two allies parted ways, knowing the truce was finished.
Steve placed the back of his hand to Tony’s forehead.
No such luck.
Strange said, turning to leave.
he muttered, turning and making his way back to the newly dug grave.
Steve said.
he rubbed the back of his head.
Happy was idling at the corner and Tony grumbled about not being a woman as Steve opened the door for him and he climbed in. Steve smiled to himself because he knew Tony was most certainly a capable man who was fiercely independent (as most dames were), but he would always try to take care of Tony when he could. He firmly believed that Tony should allow people to care of him a little more often, but he also knew that it would take a long time for Tony to trust him enough to be okay with that. Tony already trusted him more than a lot of people, so he guessed he should accept the small victories.
magic.
he began, taking a deep breath. He did already feel a little more grounded in reality. Emotional shock could be a bitch.
Clint’s entry and exit wounds hastily cauterized, Tony had no choice but to leave him there and hope for the best.
he murmured, taking the coffee and hunching around it while he held it with both hands. Phil sat down in a similar position across the room. Neither of them were normally big coffee drinkers, but it was always comforting to hold the warm cup in a cold hospital room, and drinking bad hospital coffee was almost a tradition.
he whispered,
When Clint cleared his throat behind Steve, he actually jumped. Normally only Natasha could startle Steve. He had been in a trance-like state, thinking of nothing but the force of each blow.
- the tendency to sin innate in all human beings, held to be inherited from Adam in consequence of the Fall. The concept of original sin was developed in the writings of St. Augustine.
A gun shot rang out, and everyone spun to see the new arrival. Phil was standing in the doorway to the gym, eyes wide and gun pointing at Thor. His bags were beside him on the floor, indicating he had just arrived. The bullet bounced uselessly off of Thor’s skin, leaving only a shallow mark.
Tony looked down at the tube sticking out of his right side.
Zelma stood abruptly, backing away from the table.
He nodded.
Tony murmured tiredly. He must be on a lot of meds, because he felt loopy, giggling when Steve smiled at him. That was fine, he really didn’t want to feel anything right now. The pain could wait for later. He wasn’t really sure how he ended up here. The bank robbery had clearly gone to hell, but the fact that he was here meant something had gone awry. The bandages on his abdomen meant something must have injured him through the suit.
This was eating away at his work-time. Tony would much rather be getting things done than dissecting his every decision for the team. Past experience told him it was more efficient to get it all out now, though, than walking away and having an argument later.
Tony sighed when the whole team looked at him sharply.
JARVIS said after recording Tony’s notes on the side effects.
Dr. Strange said grimly. No one responded, but they all knew the possibilities, if Tony was even alive.
Phil draped his tie over an open drawer beside their bed, quietly changing out of his suit so he could relax around the tower.
It smelled heavenly.
Strange lifted his shirt and eyed the stab wound. It solidified his theory that this was a voodoo doll. It seemed an unnaturally cruel thing to do, to torture someone from afar. If one was going to stoop to dark magic to get money, they should at least have to hear their victim’s screams.
Steve didn’t know what set off his alarm bells, but he was sure enough of himself to be okay with making a scene. He snatched the tray from the man’s hands and placed it on a nearby table. People close by started watching the strange exchange. Steve then grabbed the man’s arm and twisted it painfully behind his back.
The gym was on floor 52, and the most logical guess for where he would go would be up, since that’s where the penthouse suites and labs were, so Tony decided to head down.
Clint and Phil caught Steve before his knees hit the ground. He stood again on shaky legs.
Bruce looked down and blushed before he looked back up at Clint.
He should be home by now, unless Fury was holding him prisoner again under the guise of paperwork. Tony was pretty sure Fury did it just to prove his power.
Tony tried, his voice tinny with the face mask still down. He didn’t need the others to see his reactions anyway.
Everyone laughed as the tension eased a little.
Tony mocked in return. He screamed as Norman smashed the mallet into his other knee. A wave of nausea washed over him with the pulsing pain that remained. His legs were thoroughly destroyed at this point.
He felt himself speak the words, but there was still no sound. His own words appeared before him in a different font, and it was so perfect. This had so many applications in the field!
Clint never took it personally, their relationship was fine as it was. Friendly rivalry and casual fun defined most of it, but they both knew they’d do anything for each other.  And if he was being honest with himself, he wasn’t sure he wanted a Tony Talk. There’s no way he would escape without revealing himself as well, and there was a reason only Nat and Phil really knew him. Giving people your trust was a very dangerous game. Whenever he thought about trying to be more open, Barney’s face haunted his dreams to remind him that even your brother can turn on you.
Steve started, but Tony shook his head.
The other guests looked appalled, but didn’t argue, filing out of the house. So much for their cover.
Lisa frowned, seeing right through the facade, but Frank Jr. nodded enthusiastically, always excited to impress his namesake. He had such good kids.
His hand met the end of the bed. He wasn’t in his bed. Tony sat up, blinking when the harsh hospital fluorescents assaulted him. Right, the drugs.
he groaned, putting pressure on it.
An impromptu movie night started, even though it was Sunday and their usual movie night was on Thursdays. The team all joined them under pretenses of wanting to watch
It was definitely along the lines of what they were all thinking, but Peter had the bluntness of a child on his side.
He broke off into another fit of laughter.
Steve started quietly, eyes never leaving Tony’s.
he said louder this time.
Clint made sure the scientist was looking at him this time. I ASK SUPPOSE/WHAT IF YOU HAD TROUBLE SLEEPING?
he pulled the man down into a sloppy kiss. When Tony managed to separate them, Steve was proud of the dazed look on his face.
Tony groaned as he stretched in bed. When had he gone to bed last night? Did he fall asleep in the lab again? He hoped Steve had a pot of coffee for him, because he was going to need it. He reached for Steve, not yet opening his eyes, and Steve caught his hand, warm and strong; always there.
Steve couldn’t see that he really had a choice here. He shared a look with the rest of the team, but was only met with regretful shrugs.
He flashed a small smile at Tony.
Tony just looked more confused and irritated.
JARVIS opened the door to the lab and Clint stepped in. It was fairly dark, as only half the lights were on, and they were only at half power. He didn’t see Tony so he walked further in and looked around. He saw the slumped figure against the wall and panic set in immediately. He quashed it when he realized JARVIS would have been more urgent if Tony were passed out or having heart problems.
Tony glanced at the coffee and back at his boyfriend.
The first several hours were perfect. The dashed lines passing him by and the focus he could put into just the feeling of driving was therapeutic. The slight buzzing of the engine underneath his fingertips reminded him of his teens, the good parts, when he could get away with long trips to nowhere to escape everything. There was no time for brooding or panic attacks when autopilot wasn’t an option, like in the suit, and driving helped keep Tony from drinking. He sighed, life was going pretty alright.
Tony snapped a photo of the nonsensical chart painted on one of the walls. He turned back to face his friend again.
he whispered into her hair.
he shot Bruce an apologetic smile.
Phil spoke up from his seat piloting the jet.
He couldn’t have been gone more than twenty minutes. It was a short walk to the apothecary, and the woman always let him in late. They had become friends over the years. So when Frank rounded the corner, the blazing fire that had engulfed his home made no sense. The fire hadn’t been anything more than embers when he left.
There was an awkward silence that dragged on for minutes; minutes that seemed like hours.
Tony frowned at his best friend.
The silence was tense while they waited for the demon to consider Loki’s words. Bruce watched the interaction carefully, keeping the Hulk away for now. If Loki was being submissive, it meant he probably hadn’t been lying about how powerful this demon was here. A fight was not what they wanted, but he was growing more worried for Tony. And angry at his friend for never mentioning any of it.
Strange took the empty seat directly in front of the back door between an empty seat and one of the couples, and Clint and Phil took seats facing away from the entertainment room. The corner Clint was now facing had a small china hutch shoved in it, filled with dishware that looked like it may come crashing out at any moment. Phil started some conversation about a TV show that Clint pretended to know while he carefully felt around with his feet under the table for outlets or wires. Detecting nothing that way, he subtly felt around with his left hand but the table had rough wood on the underside and some nails or screws sticking out here and there, and he really didn’t want a splinter. If there was some tech that was going to put on a show for them, it wasn’t under the table anyway, he decided. The next thing to look out for would be any stream of light that could be from a projector hidden in the walls.
JARVIS sounded peeved.
Clint allowed his own lips to form a lopsided smile.
Tony didn’t even throw out a witty comment.
JARVIS answered him sarcastically. Tony should never have given him an attitude.
The old woman’s smile was missing several teeth, and Amora wasn’t certain how the woman seemed to stare right at her when her eyes were the milky white of the Midgardian blind, but she was confident in her response.
he rasped,
Suddenly wary that something was wrong with his teammate, Steve decided it was time to be done with this. He had a feeling Thor wouldn’t just let him bow out either. He leapt behind the god, and took action when Thor started to turn. He popped up to see Thor face to face with him. He had seen through the ploy.
Steve startled awake as the nurse came in. He smiled at him as she checked Tony’s vitals and IVs, adjusting their drip rate.
Everyone looked pretty set in place like they wanted to watch.
Tony almost wished the man would go back to avoiding his gaze, because those puppy dog eyes filled him with guilt.
Steve smiled at him, but his eyes were a little pinched.
Clint said tiredly. Now that Phil was home he could finally get some real sleep. He never slept well without Phil.
Her voice and the stifling aura it brought with it dissipated as quickly as it had appeared.
Steve agreed. It was the simplest explanation to the sudden deafness they were all experience. He wondered idly how long they all might have spent trying to figure it out if Clint hadn’t been there. Steve wouldn’t even know sign language if he hadn’t learned it for Clint. Clint had laughed at them all when he walked in on JARVIS’ lessons, telling them it was silly. He could read lips well enough, plus when he wore Stark’s improved hearing aid designs, he could hear nearly as well as he used to. Tony had waved Clint away, annoyed.
Phil looped an arm around Clint and turned off the lamp with his other hand. He knew Clint would tell him tomorrow. As long as Tony was physically okay, they could deal with his ever-lacking emotional health after some sleep. They all needed rest.
he admitted.
he said in a monotone. Steve knew that tone. Bruce was very upset with Tony, but making sure he was calm enough to not Hulk out.
Natasha interrupted. Only someone who knew her well enough like Clint could hear the distress and shock at the name. To anyone else she was cool and collected.
None of this made any sense. He knew what she was now. He had been made into a weapon himself, several times over. They had fought to the death. What was he playing at?
Natasha leapt to the door, already heading to change.
The Avengers shared a look as they all stifled a laugh. Peter attempting to comfort the god of thunder because he thought Thor needed it was one of the cutest things in the world. Steve looked down when he felt his shirt being tugged.
Tony threw him a Stark patent smirk to complete the effect.
JARVIS would sigh if his program allowed it. His creator was looking smug, apparently convinced he had won the debate.
Tony threw his hands up in frustration.
Tony didn’t want to ask. He was embarrassed, but the tired homesick side of him won out.
the woman’s voice seemed to come from all directions.
Peter’s face brightened and he ran back to Tony’s lap, ignoring the squawk from his father.
Natasha shouted as she managed to tackle Thor away from Tony’s prone form. Tony coughed and sputtered, thankfully not dead.
Steve said, strained. He tugged on Tony’s hand, but the man had no qualms about following anyway. He hated talking to reporters as much as Steve did. He just hid it better.
Tony snatched the tablet up that was sitting on the breakfast bar. He scanned the list and frowned. He scanned it again. The words were disappearing from his mind as quickly as he read them. He wasn’t even absorbing information. This confirmed they were on the right track, he decided. Whatever magic this was did not want him to figure it out.
That settled it. As soon as he could, Steve would propose. It was probably better this way anyway, since knowing Tony if he had been the one to propose it would’ve been a grand, embarrassing gesture. Steve would do something small and private. He preferred their private moments, though they were hard to come by. He looked at Tony, who at least looked peaceful in his sleep. There’d be a lot of pain soon while he healed. He reached down and held Tony’s hand. His strong lover could handle pain and come out even stronger. That was one of Tony’s talents, Steve had learned. Steve would stand at the sidelines and pick him up when he needed, all the while cheering him on. That’s all he could do.
He closed his eyes, too exhausted to keep up. Had he made decaf by accident?
The armour’s clanky steps echoed around in the large chamber. Tony took a few steps off the elevator and called out,
The Sorcerer looked the picture of innocence, but Clint could see the cruel glee dancing in his eyes. Tony and Strange may act like they were so different, but Clint knew the truth. They were basically the same person, and they both equally loved to fuck with him.
Steve looked at her, confused. His confusion distracted him from his despair and panic for a moment.
Thor sat there quietly and Clint tried to avoid looking at him. He looked so angry and brooding, the static in the air around him was palpable. It was times like these that Clint suddenly remembered how powerful and terrifying Thor was.
Halfway through the third week, specifically day 18 of his experiment, Tony began to notice some undesirable side effects. Nothing worth halting the experiment, but they were notable. He felt sore all over and was a little hyperreactive. A small sound would cause his whole body to jump, and there were twitches here and there that sent his limbs flying into innocent objects.
Steve shouted before Tony could ask.
Clint’s voice rose a few octaves. He was kind of feeling off-kilter. Maybe going to the woods alone with a mad-scientist wasn’t a great idea. At least for his mental health.
Wade stopped walking to face his friend. It wasn’t such a big deal that they were lost. Why did Peter care so much? They’d make it back eventually. Wade always found his way eventually.
his voice was even more miserable now.
Tony was miserable.
Steve checked his hair in the mirror for the fifth time. He felt like a walking flag in his navy blue suit, with red tie and white shirt, but Pepper had brow beat him into wearing it. Tony was going to be wearing a gold tie with a deep red suit and shirt. Tony loved it, but Steve wished they didn’t have to be so obviously mimicking their uniforms. It made him feel like they weren’t allowed to be Steve and Tony, they were only allowed to be Captain America and Iron Man. He was reminded of his fear of being a dancing monkey that had began all the war back in WWII.
Tony finished, a tired smile on his face.
Phil’s hand was warm in Clint’s and the other boy’s hand was clammy and sweaty. He must be nervous, though whether it was because of the seance or his obvious crush on Zelma, Clint wasn’t sure. Meryll closed her eyes,
Before Steve could respond, Dr. Stein came in.
By the time the castle was in view, Tony was a little over 50% power remaining. The reactor did not seem to be charging; just his luck.
Tony was overcome with grief, sobbing into his hands as he lay next to Steve’s body. His Steve. Steve Rogers, beautiful, perfect man, the great Captain America was dead. The tears that streamed down his face felt hyper-real somehow. This was all his fault. How could he have let things spiral so far out of control. The love of his life was still and cold, and Tony would never be able to tell him how sorry he was. He should’ve listened to the man sooner. If sadness was going to kill him, this was it.
the smug asshole called out, and Tony turned slowly towards him, looking shocked and confused.
Tony nodded.
Thor threw the humans off with little effort with a shout of triumph.
That should satisfy Steve, Tony was proud of it. That security protocol had taken him several trial runs to work out blind spots.
Tony watched the man’s hands clap and slowly looked up at his face.
Clint nodded, taking note of the shadows under Steve’s eyes.
Tony now sat one room over from the vent he knew Clint would go to. He smiled when he heard the archer shuffle through the hallway towards the room. This was going to be epic. Tony heard Clint move the furniture covering the vent out of the way and pull the metal grate off. It would be any minute now.
Tony felt like he had walked into some sort of trap. That there was a wrong answer here. Maybe he should work around the question rather than answering directly.
Tony gulped involuntarily. Anyone else and he’d be his usual self goddamnit. He took a shaky breath.
Steve reached out and caressed Tony’s face with such awe as though it were a precious diamond.
he tried.
the genius argued confidently. Science wouldn’t fail him.
Clint countered. He yawned.
he asked.
Steve returned with a light sheen of sweat. Natasha noticed he always seemed to run harder October mornings. He also exercised more in general. Her theory was that Steve needed to let off extra steam and distract himself more constantly to ward off feeling lonely while Tony was squirreled away in his lab. The supersoldier usually had unfettered access to Tony’s domain and spent hours just watching the genius work or sketching him, but not in October. Tony had forbid him because his ‘ass was too distracting.’
he argued.
Thor spoke very seriously.
Of course the thought had floated through his mind before he could stop it. Bad thing always happened when he thought that. As if on cue, his periphery caught a figure standing off the side of the road, barely noticeable outside of the streetlight’s beam. It was probably a child given the stature, and they looked cold and alone. Tony lamented the loss of his solitude as he pulled up beside them.
Steve asked, pulling Tony into his arms. Tony didn’t respond, but nodded into his husband’s chest. Steve let him cry for a little longer.
Steve stroked his hair as Tony’s breathing slowed, exhaustion putting him under better than drugs ever do. That left Steve, all alone with his thoughts, which may not have been the best plan.
Tony stared at the container in his hand.
He strode out with a wave of dismissal behind him. Natasha made for the interrogation rooms while the rest of them mingled behind.
Tony ground out in response. God, he wished there was a rescue coming. He could only take so much of this. Besides the burns lining his arms and chest, the shattered bones throughout his legs, this newest addition to the list of injuries had been his least favourite thus far. Being electrocuted hurt a lot. The tension it left behind in one’s body might actually be worse than the ripples of current during.
Despite preferring to be a loner, Natalia Romanova had to admit that sometimes it was nice to have friends to lean on.
Steve was having a really hard time focusing. They were sitting around the table listening to Dr. Strange talk, but it was all gibberish to be honest. Something about psionic abilities and magic rings that the Mandarin can amplify. No matter how hard Steve tried to pay attention to his words, his brain would tune out and Stange’s voice became muffled background noise to the ringing in Steve’s ears. He felt sick.
She held out her hand expectantly until they each placed a five dollar bill in her hand. Her grin was reminiscent of Clint’s in childhood when they had a good scam going and he was going to be able to treat himself with the income. She was already barely paying attention to them, counting the number of bills in her hands.
Tony said from the back of the group. It was a minimal use of power, and the grateful sigh of relief that came from the party was worth it. Strange did throw a sharp look across the group, piercing gaze narrowing as he met Tony’s eyes. Tony didn’t need telepathy to see the warning there; he nodded as an acknowledgement. That seemed to satisfy the sorcerer for now.
Janet burst out laughing.
Only Steve could so easily make Tony feel guilty. Usually Tony only felt guilty for the mass murder from his days as a weapons dealer type thing.
Tony had been mumbling things, but they were too quiet and slurred to understand. Now he started shaking his head, and his expression looked pained.
He pointed at Steve.
Tony looked just as surprised.
Steve had watched the silent exchange. It was hard to tell what went on between the two of them sometimes, though not as impossible as it had been between Clea and Strange for a while. The Avengers didn’t see much of Clea after their divorce, though, and Strange had mentioned something about her not needing him anymore while drunk at last year’s Christmas party. He hoped whatever conversation had passed between the Scarlet Witch and Doctor Strange was good news for Tony. The struggling brunette looked like his strength was beginning to wane. Steve leaned forward and brushed the sweaty locks out of Tony’s eyes. Tony looked away from Wanda then, and shared a small smile with Steve.
They all looked at Steve.
She walked around him in a slow circle, examining her handiwork.
Phil interrupted, saving him from having to verbalize it. Clint looked at him a little helplessly.
he stopped the flow of words when Tony stiffened involuntarily.
Tony exclaimed.
Tony said as he collapsed into a chair, pulling up schematics for some of the new improvements to Clint’s bows.
He grabbed Steve’s hand and tugged as they started walking again.
Steve wanted to cry. Really? He was basically immediate family.
Steve looked around the room and it hit him.
Clint said carefully.
When he came into the room, Tony was out cold. Steve hoped he hadn’t been working himself too hard in the lab, but he was grateful that Tony was willingly getting some sleep. He was freshly showered, which was odd for Tony. Tony tended to take showers in the morning, or when Pepper made him. Steve carefully curled around him, not wanting to wake him. Tony just adjusted himself into the curve of Steve’s body, attracted by the warmth even in his sleep.
He cleared his throat and turned around, looking at the room.
to see him breathing that his tears were those of joy. The last time he had seen Tony’s face it had been a cooling, lifeless body, illusion or not. Bruce didn’t even realize what he was doing until he was already gently caressing Tony’s face, just to feel the warmth. Granted, he was a little too warm for comfort, but Bruce was sure that would pass. Luckily Tony didn’t react at all to the touch, he was much too deep in sleep. Bruce looked to Steve to make sure he wasn’t angry, but Steve just looked at him with helpless fear on his face.
his voice cracked,
Steve laughed.
Steve breathed. He put his face in his hands and let out a long sigh. He was still for a long moment before he looked up again, all traces of feeling gone.
Steve looked up at his love and their eyes locked. He could feel that his cheeks were damp again. Tony was right, if he didn't stop thinking like this, the cycle the two of them had been stuck in would be endless. There's no need to force themselves to be miserable over nothing when there were plenty of Lokis and Mandarins and Red Skulls out there to do the work for them.
Wanda shrugged and Strange began setting out strange objects around the room.
Tony picked up a glass orb with something that looked like an insect suspended inside, but it wasn’t an insect Tony was familiar with.
When he let go she staggered back a little.
Maybe this had something to do with a traumatic experience. Steve knew there was still plenty about Tony’s childhood that he never talked about.
Slamming some money onto the bar, Jessica ran outside dialing Matt.
Tony snatched the paper away, scanning it quickly.
She was trying to get him to snap out of whatever this was, because he obviously wasn’t seeing them. The screaming was gone as his voice had gone hoarse and now it sounded more like a forced exhale against a rough throat, or a whispered scream. The sound was unnerving, on top of the fact that Clint’s eyes were wide but he gave no sign of noticing them there.
Tony heard over the comms.
he groaned,
Tony read his lips.
his voice monotone.
Steve chuckled quietly, the specific laugh when he gets a reference. And that was just not fair. When did someone show Steve
even Phil Coulson, Agent-no-fun, joined in. Tony should just accept at this point that his life was not in his control at all anymore.
his accusation was slurred. Steve hadn’t seen Tony get sloppy drunk in real life. He had seen the videos on the internet, sure, but those were from years ago.
The scientist laughed.
he rasped.
Bruce said in surprise.
Coulson had written and nodded as Tony spoke. Now he was underlining things from a different page and making
Steve stuttered, lifting the pad so the camera view was on Tony. It had taken long enough to get used to talking to JARVIS at the tower, it was even more disconcerting on a Stark tablet. It was kind of like video chat, but the other person didn’t have a face.
They decided to stick with the same schedule for watch that night. Tony was confident that this was the night. Bigfoot was gonna show. Clint nestled into another tree with his night-vision goggles on, bow on his back. He scanned the forest, seeing the occasional fox and hearing some coyotes in the distance. The wind chill was worse up in the trees, so he hugged his arms around himself to keep warm. It seemed a little unbelievable if he let himself think to hard about the fact that he was sitting in a tree in California in the middle of the night all because Thor had asked about the ‘Midgardian Bigfoot’ he had heard about on the ‘internets.’
JARVIS announced over breakfast.
He sat forward,
He wiped his hand off on the ground beneath him.
Steve managed to keep the tension from his voice, but he sounded weary and worn.
Vision smiled.
he croaked. He vaguely felt Natasha rubbing small circles into his shoulder. He nodded,
JARVIS finished.
he asked, sarcastic smile plastered on his face in an attempt to hide the fear. This is when Tony always expected people to run screaming.
Tony made a movement that might have been a one armed shrug, but it was hard to tell. Clint thought he caught a mumbled ‘yeah, whatever’ but his hearing aids could only do so much.
she exclaimed.
Phil stroked Tony’s hair with a small smile on his face.
Tony bit out.
Steve dialed 911. Tony was shaking his head, murmuring something about being fine, but the man was clearly not ok.
He placed a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
Jessica darted forward again, hiding behind gravestones for a few moments at a time.
Abram laughed, pulling out a white box. He turned to Steve,
It had to be related to this curse they were under.
Tony cut him off sharply.
Tony slid a hundred across the counter,
Wanda held out her hands with a loud
He downed the drink, made another, and quickly drank it as well. He kept the third mug full alcohol-free, and waltzed past the worried blond to go to his lab. He could feel Steve following him like a shadow, but ignored the man. Maybe he would just give up and go away.
Norman Osborn had become a consistent thorn in Tony’s side ever since SI’s departure from weapons development. While Hammer had always fancied himself Tony’s rival in weapons, Tony knew he had been no real competition. Osborn, in contrast, was actually competent and Oscorp had been unrivaled in chemical engineering until SI diversified. Between Reed Richards and Osborn, Tony had to actually try to continue SI’s success.
Peter’s voice wobbled, but his tears didn’t spill over. None of the houses in sight looked familiar, and Peter couldn’t remember what street they had started on anymore. He should have never listened to Wade.
Tony took first watch for the night, making himself comfortable in the mouth of their cave. It had been their only disagreement so far in the adventure. Steve tried to cite the serum and saying he didn’t need as much sleep.
Steve laughed in surprise, shaking his head. He was always learning new things about Tony.
Tony decided, lying in a cave, reeling from the latest round of torture. He thought about his mother. He contemplated the lessons he had learned the few times Maria dragged him to mass. The Bible had mentioned something about ‘the sins of the father’ or something. Not that Tony believed in God; he was a man of science. Not even he tried to deny the usefulness of religion in teaching ethics and morality, though.
Steve was confused.
His choked scream sounded like it was coming from someone else when Norman stabbed the weapon into his navel. It was certainly deeper inside of him this time, and his gut felt like a cold ache beneath the heat rippling through him. It felt like an eternity before he could breathe again, gasping and shaking miserably. His moan filled the room.
his speech was slurred. That was worrisome. Tony was usually still very in control of his speech and posture when he was drunk, it came from decades of practice.
Steve didn’t even know he was repeating
The Asgardian looked like it physically pained him to admit there were people more powerful than him. Natasha thought it was funny, because he always seemed to conveniently forget that the Avengers had taken him down.
The tinny voice of Iron Man held no hint of mercy. Ebenezer Laughton felt his own fear take over, making it much harder to control the pheromones around him and keep the room in its panic.
Steve suggested.
he breathed.
Bruce’s only mistake was that he exhaled too loudly. Tony jumped out of his chair in the knick of time, darting away towards the other end of the table.
Clint let out a burst of air. He didn't want to do this.
He threw up a fist in victory.
Tony said slowly, trying to think about what he actually knew.
Steve tried, but Tony shook his head.
Natasha spoke up.
Luckily, he must not be bulletproof. She fell to her knees, gasping and retching. After she finished coughing enough to feel in control, she brought herself to her feet again. There were already officers there helping a shaken Mr. Marcus out of the hole. She gave her statement, and turned down the medics. She’d be fine, though her voice would be fucked up for a few days. Driving home, tired, she called each of the women in Mr. Marcus’ life.
Clint finally said. Dr. Nicholson was doing a more thorough examination, and she held up a finger to quiet them while she listened to different spots on Tony’s chest with the stethoscope.
The astrophysicist sometimes came to live with them for months at a time, but it had been awhile. It was as sporadic a living arrangement as Thor, who whisked off to Asgard or landed in the roof without warning.
Peter said uncertainly when Wade began pulling him towards another neighborhood an hour later. Pops had been very particular about where they were allowed to trick-or-treat, but Wade did have a point. They were nearly finished with all of the houses on that path, and there was still another hour before they had to head back and meet his parents.
Thor said sadly, a terribly bittersweet smile playing across his lips. He could feel Jane's life slipping away and he wasn't going to be able to save her. Why had the Mandarin taken her too? Just to get at him?
Tony watched as Steve shoved an incapacitated MODOK into the back of a SHIELD van, feeling pride that his team had won yet again. He felt knocking behind his arc reactor, and suddenly it was harder to breathe again.
Schmidt conceded,
Tony growled after him.
Natasha said matter-of-factly, motioning for them to follow her. They walked over to where Steve was in a literal block of ice. The rest of them seem to have been dealing with mind tricks but Steve was physically attacked.
Loki mocked. When Tony made no indication that he’d return the banter, the god lifted his scepter threateningly.
They both smiled fondly.
Steve didn’t like that Tony knew about this already. If he had control of this situation, he would have left Tony in the dark the whole time and taken care of it in secret, but that option was already out the window.
Tony didn’t ask questions. If JARVIS felt the need to alert him, it wasn’t just a minor injury. The elevator was fast enough to throw him off balance but he remained upright. When he arrived, Natasha and Clint weren’t far behind. The scene in front of him didn’t make sense. Steve was sitting against the mirror, chin against his chest, clearly unconscious. Behind him, Tony could make out the blood smeared on the wall from his head.
The discomfort was obvious.
his voice was too loud; people were starting to look at them curiously. It took him real effort to quiet himself.
The black was beginning to take over all of Tony’s vision, and his body felt like it was entirely pins and needles. Was he even breathing any more? Probably not, because his diaphragm just did that involuntary jerk that comes from a body desperately trying to oxygen.Tony blinked hard, and he could still see a little, but when the the arc reactor was slotted back into place, everything was white and electric and coconut.
Natasha grabbed Bruce's wrist and tugged lightly,
Natasha had seen the whole thing go down, but wasn’t close enough to stop it. Whatever Clint had been hit with was not a normal bullet, and Clint looked flat out crazed.
Bruce asked from the other end of the table?
Fury looked questioningly at the others.
Steve said quickly. Tony squeezed his eyes shut against the dizziness and wave of nausea. He focused solely on his breathing until it passed. The coolness of the sheets felt amazing. Steve started to tuck him under the blanket, but Tony kicked it all off.
Warning for slightly homophobic comments. Also since Jimmy Kimmel is a real person, I want to stress that this work is entirely fictional and I use his name solely as a character within this work; nothing here is a real quote from him.
Tony crossed his arms, waiting for Strange to give in.
She quickly washed her hands and left the room. Steve couldn’t blame her, but he shook his head. She still handled that amazingly. Steve was going to need to have a talk with Thor about touching without consent.
Bruce stood and gave Tony a reassuring smile.
Clint noticed the man enter the room first. Everyone besides the three of them had left the room a long time ago, and Steve was in pajamas now.
Tony agreed.
he managed on a strangled shout. Steve needed to know that he had been injected with something. There had to be a way to make it stop.
Tony’s vision had almost been occluded completely by the black splotches, that dissipated into a colourful static look before he could see normally again. He was gulping in air as soon as the invisible weight had lifted off his chest.
he scrubbed his hands over his face,
she explained.
His brow was furrowed in confusion.
Tony raised his hand.
Jessica shook his hand. This was all surreal. Now that she was sitting up, she noticed Captain America was there too. She waved at him, and he waved back, looking a little confused. SHIELD agents had just arrived and were cuffing the escaped convict, so Steve walked over. Jessica and Tony both stood, and Jessica was already feeling much better. It was hard to believe she had just nearly died. Before she could utter a sound in greeting, Tony clapped an armoured hand on Steve’s shoulder,
Tony’s blissful doze was broken when he felt Steve shifting and heard a groan. Tony sat up and looked over at Steve, whose face was flushed and his expression was pained.
Tony closed his eyes while Steve kissed his forehead.
JARVIS heard the gunshots behind him, and the distraction finally allowed him to pin down the Scarecrow.
He wasted no time killing all of the threats, but he flew away feeling sick. Terrorists were running this area of the world while he had been partying and womanizing with the profits. Things had to change.
He dropped off another couple goons by Agent (his name is Agent, not Phil, just Agent, he was standing by that). He circled around in the air again, taking stock of the situation. Each of the avengers was knocking several people unconscious at a time, then leaving them for the seemingly endless stream of SHIELD agents to cuff and detain. There were finally only a couple dozen left, and Hawkeye was quickly knocking them down with Tony’s knockout arrows with Bruce’s formula in them that just puts them to sleep.
Steve begged. He was ready to pull his hair out in frustration. They had been watching in silence for the last week while Tony ran himself into the ground. He never seemed to sleep, he spent any time when he wasn’t fighting as an Avenger either in the lab or at SI. None of them had seen him consume anything other than coffee in days.
As he drew closer to the crates of his back up smaller reactors, he noticed that both lids were torn off and left on the ground beside them. He hurried his steps. If the reactors had been stolen, they were all in a world of trouble.
It shouldn’t have surprised Stephen Strange how soon Captain America began moving and trying to wake, but it did anyway. He was stronger than he should be, and before Strange was done with warming him, he began struggling against the sleep. He really wasn’t at a temperature yet where he should be able to function, yet he’s already thinking and murmuring about Tony. Strange shook his head with a small smile. Love was a magic all of its own.
her brain finally supplied her, not that it mattered. Jessica had to hand it to the man, it was a good choice. Her own racing heart seemed to be mimicking the old man’s in the story. Her lips were tingling and her vision was becoming crowded with black spots. She could no longer hear the narration over her own roaring heartbeat that blurred into the sound of a rushing wave. Jessica passed out just as she saw a sudden influx of light and a blurry red figure.
Decades later, Dracula had new enemies and plans, and if Anthony Edward Stark and Steven Rogers had to die for those plans, so be it.
She couldn’t make out any useful features, besides the slight hunch to his shoulders. The kidnapper never faced the camera. Great, now the police had to be involved. Jessica hoped the client would still pay her.
Tony swallowed. Fucking magic.
Clint laughed.
Strange whispered.
Tony rolled back over to the long meeting table, sighing and pulling out his phone. This game in the tower was a bad idea, far too boring. Now was as good a time as any to check his email, he supposed. He hadn’t been kidding that he had work to do.
Tony frowned. How could he make it make sense to someone like Steve? Steve was so perfect, didn’t have sins to balance out.
Clint demanded crossing his arms.
Without further ado, Tony took the vial with blue liquid from the suitcase full of them and injected it into his leg. No need having to explain needle marks to the team, right? The AI chose not to respond. It’s not like the man would listen anyway.
As Bruce perched the glasses back onto his nose, he blanched slightly at Fury’s one-eyed glare. Fury glared at him for another fifteen seconds, counted meticulously for intended effect, then turned to speak to all of them.
he said.
she murmured into the receiver. She wanted to seem natural, not stick out of the crowd. If she yelled the way her nerves wanted her to, she would’ve been spotted by any potential pursuers immediately.
She looked like she had already given up.
Steve leaned in and they kissed gently.
The Avengers were stranger than any of the otherworldly adventures he went on, Stephen Strange decided.
he sounded a little hysteric.
Peter wrapped his arms around Bruce’s neck. They hugged, tight. No one had anything they could say to a revelation like that. Tony had no regrets in letting Bruce tell the tale, and Steve was glad for it. Peter had recently been more curious about the Other Guy and how that could be his Uncle Bruce at the same time. Neither of them felt capable of explaining the ideas of repressed anger that Bruce encompassed, but Bruce had explained it beautifully and in a way an eight year old could still understand.
He started brushing his teeth vigorously, and kept looking at Tony’s doubtful face. He spit then smiled weakly at Tony.
he said carefully.
Thor poured the rest of the popcorn into his mouth.
It was supposed to be a simple mission. Tony and Bruce had felt no need for any of the others to come along, since they’d be useless. They were gathering samples for experimentation, and knowing what they needed samples of was tricky. The scientists didn’t think the others had an eye for it. Dr. Strange had showed up at the tower only a week ago, looking for Tony.
Everyone sighed in relief.
Steve tried his best to lower Tony gently until he was prone. They kept the broken limbs propped up in their odd angles with pillows, but there was no way it was comfortable. The distinct lack of medical staff made it surreal. Tony was hooked up to monitors, but nothing to fix anything. Steve sat down in the plastic chair to the left of the bed, holding Tony’s hand. His phone buzzed in his pocket.
Clint laughed like an evil madman.
The bruises on her neck were mostly gone when she testified against ‘The Digger’ in court. That was what the papers had called him when he was linked to 16 open murder cases. She had to say, it wasn’t a very good serial killer name. Though Matt Murdock was usually a defense attorney, he had pulled some strings with the DA’s office to prosecute this case when he heard the details from Jessica. It paid off to be known as the lawyer who handle ‘special cases’ with any powered parties involved. Jessica couldn’t believe the public still hadn’t figured out the he was Daredevil. He always seemed to know facts about cases that he shouldn’t, cases the Daredevil was involved in. It was obvious!
Tony breathed out.
He cried out when he felt a concussive force hit his right leg. Yeah, that’s broken now.
he commented, and Tony was looking at him blankly. Then it all must have clicked into place, because Tony was laughing and slapping Phil’s shoulder.
In response, Peter extricated himself from his parents’ laps and sat next to Bruce, locking their hands together. Peter gave him an encouraging smile. Bruce kept the tiny hand in his and his eyes on Peter’s through the whole story. It was so intimate, and Steve’s heart swelled. His family was so perfect.
He didn’t mean to sound so accusatory, Strange probably was trying to help, but honestly, right now? He just woke up.
he tried to keep it light, let Tony know it was okay if he didn’t want to, but toe the line so the man didn’t think he was being mocked.
Even JARVIS was making light of this. Maybe Steve was paranoid for being worried, but he still felt the cold dread settle in his stomach.
Tony doodled in the dust while Steve slept. He wished he had something to work on here. If it took longer than tomorrow to make it to civilization, he might just lose it. Tony was trying to push away the constant anxiety that he should be working, since of course it couldn’t be helped, but it was hard. Steve was probably the only thing that was keeping him grounded. The man was making an obvious effort to make Tony laugh whenever possible. Tony could appreciate the gesture, but he did really need to get home.
Scarecrow-AKA Ebenezer Laughton- has been a repeat villain for multiple Avengers for a long time, but he didn't actually have any powers until he received them from Firm in
He slammed a fist into the wall in frustration.
Unfortunately, Steve was not ready to sleep. He was still too wound up to relax. Why didn’t Tony ever feel comfortable enough to talk to Steve when he was obviously upset? Steve tried so hard to be there for Tony without being pushy. He just wanted Tony to stop shouldering all of his pain and locking it away behind false smiles and sarcasm. Maybe if he got some of it off his chest and talked to someone, it wouldn’t have been so hard to quit drinking. He had definitely learned that approach from his father.
Steve gave them a sad smile.
He shouted. Some birds nearby fluttered away in surprise. Tony could hear his voice echo back to him, but there were no growls or anything, so he took that as a win. He shared a look with Steve before Steve pulled out a lighter and they ventured in.
Tony had a good feeling about his progress on the chamber a few hours later when he heard the door slide shut. He didn’t turn to look at the intruder as the footsteps approached his back. Tony knew Steve’s gait by now.
Tony snarled, lunging for the suit to attack.
Clint looked down at the flyer Phil had handed him.
The darkness occluding Clint's vision lifted like a cloud of smoke. He whipped his head around, taking in the new situation. The Mandarin was out cold on the floor but Strange and Tony weren't there anymore. He could only hope that that meant Strange had got Tony to Medical. He turned to see Natasha brushing away a tear, but he'd never mention it to her unless he wanted his fingers broken.
Tony broke it.
Tony grit out.
The resulting spark in Tony’s chest felt like a white hot poker that sent out a wave of vibrating heat. Tony could taste the familiar coconut in his mouth, but he was still too weak to breath and his heart was still beating irregularly. He couldn’t really feel the mask on his face as they started pumping air into his lungs for him. His chest still ached and all he could think was that the damage was already done. It didn’t matter that an extra reactor had miraculously appeared, the shrapnel was there, ripping him to tiny shreds. He was still conscious when they shocked him with the paddles, felt his body jerk with the jolt and his heartbeat return to a more normal rhythm. Without the focal point of pain in his chest to cling to anymore, Tony finally lost consciousness.
It was like it was planned, and maybe it was, Steve thought. This was a SI organized party afterall. The music shifted to a slow song, and it took Steve a until the vocals to realize it was.
Steve looked the man in the eyes the whole time he responded, which obviously made the man a little uncomfortable. Reporters were not used to such directness with their shouted questions, as Tony had warned him.
Tony asked.
Steve placed a finger to his lips, silencing the man.
Tony wiggled different parts of his body, occasional hisses and yelps.
Peter nodded enthusiastically.
Bruce sighed heavily.
He let go and Tony gasped for air, his throat burning and lungs not filling properly. His lungs already didn’t have enough space with the arc reactor in his chest, so panic and mangled ribs were not a great combination for catching his breath. He had to actively force himself to take slower breaths until they felt a little more natural.
His voice sounded as though each word were a struggle.
I think blood moons are pretty, and this was a nice little excuse to write a fluffy one-shot. I think I was actually successful at writing fluff for once! I usually get so angsty by accident. Let me know what you think!
she looked at him seriously.
Steve, Tony, and Peter grab the telescope and head out for a nighttime picnic under the blood moon. They all know the blood moon is just an excuse for the outing, but it doesn't matter. It's a beautiful sight and Peter can have some alone time with his dads. The tower was great, but sometimes it got to be a little overwhelming, and Peter had only been there for a couple years now. It was nothing like growing up with Aunt May and Uncle Ben.
Steve replied worriedly, already scooping the man off the vomit covered floor and into his lap.
Steve breathed.
he finally said. He never felt a need to spell things out for Nat. He was just confident that she knew everything he meant behind the singular word.
That was probably the worst news the sorcerer could’ve given. No, scratch that, it could’ve been untraceable.
Tony’s voice broke between a whisper and murmur, so he cleared his throat.
Natasha finished her martini. The team was sitting around the room in various positions and levels of drunkenness as they listened to the explanation of ‘Boaire,’ a playground game in Russia. After movie night ended, which was the new iteration of
Natasha said, sounding long-suffering.
The star shaped gem on his right index finger started glowing with a deep magenta while he was still speaking. Tony eyed his hand warily, as it was balled into a white knuckled fist, and he hadn’t noticed that until now. It looked like this guy was barely holding in his rage.
He loved JARVIS, the AI always knew what he wanted.
He couldn’t remember what happened. All he could remember was Tony looking broken so high up on the wall, out of his reach. Where is he? Is he ok? He tried to open his eyes but he felt so heavy.
The medics were quick to take over, examining Tony as they loaded the stretcher into the helicopter. Steve didn’t want to leave Tony’s side, but there was definitely no room for him on the small chopper. He watched them take off before turning to find which SHIELD agent would drive him to the hospital. Tony would be fine. Tony was getting help, he’d be fine. There just wasn’t another option.
Steve nodded again, and took a steadying breath.
Tony didn’t look up from the tangle of wires he was fiddling with. The big metal contraption that contained said wires was a mystery to Strange; its use not obvious from its appearance. Tony’s world of engineering often seemed as mysterious and unattainable to Stephen as his world of magic seemed to Tony.
They sat in companionable silence for a while, just listening to the crackle of burning wood.
Stephen Strange inclined his head humbly,
Shit-eating grin was not a good look on Steve.
The corners of Natasha’s mouth curved upwards.
Steve glared at the man, and Tony met it defiantly, before laughing again.
Tony nodded.
the vampire responded. He squinted at the German. There might be reason to ally with him after all.
Steve acquiesced. Natasha had already left the room to make cocoa. The woman refused to let any of them know what made hers taste so special, claiming it was a Russian family secret. Only Bruce was ever allowed in the room and that was only to help her top them with whipped cream.
She pulled a knife out from one of her sheaths and pressed it to his throat, but not drawing blood just yet.
- Marian Anderson
he murmured. There was no more need for talk, though, because Tony was devouring his mouth hungrily, and Steve was pulling their shirts off quickly. God, he loved this man.
he added as an afterthought.
he asked quietly.
Tony let his eyes slide shut. He should probably move to the bedroom, but where he had collapsed on the couch seemed good enough for now, even if his back would hate him later. Maybe Steve would find him and carry him to bed. He smiled sleepily at the thought. Exhaustion was where he had been about twelve hours ago. This here? This was Tony surprised he could still move or think. The Halloween party fundraiser for the children’s hospital had gone well enough, at least, the kids seemed happy. Pepper wasn’t, but he’d deal with that tomorrow. Yeah, tomorrow. Sleep sounded nice.
Tony snorted.
Clint laughed.
She looked pained.
Taking everything in stride as usual, Phil just raised an eyebrow, looking down at his inebriated friend. Tony saw the way his lips twitched, though, and he grinned, victorious. An almost smile! That was basically the equivalent of a guffaw from Phil Coulson.
Steve sobbed.
Something spooky and mysterious is below the tower. What will Tony do? Will he investigate with a team like a genius would know is logical? Or will he go down on his own like the idiot we all know he can be?
Strange said simply. Tony couldn’t decide if he respected the bluntness or wished the man would’ve tried to soften the blow. It was probably best he knew the gravity of this, he supposed.
A vampire minion was hanging from the ceiling above him. Tony hadn’t noticed him there until that moment, and the camera phone had a red blinking light to let them know it was recording.
Tony started gently. Even if the man couldn’t understand him, he might be able to glean general intent from tone.
Amora searched the priestess’ body language for signs of deception, but found none. She would know, being a master of deceit herself.
and that wasn’t Bruce’s voice, that was the Hulk’s voice. Tony turned back to his friend, the suit emerging from beneath his skin. He was just in time to see Bruce’s torn shirt fall off, the rest of his clothing already on the ground except his superflex shorts Tony had designed himself. One could only be faced with Hulk’s penis a few times before they took matters into their own hands.
Steve met Peter’s tearful gaze and locked onto them. Peter had never been kept away from the reality of death and suffering. It was something Steve and Tony had agreed on before adopting the boy. He couldn’t have superheroes as parents and not be as prepared for the worst as one can be.
he murmured, crawling back up to silence Steve’s moan with his own mouth as he wrapped a hand around Steve’s penis. He gave a lazy stroke, impressed with how quickly Steve could be so hard. He began sucking at Steve’s neck, pulling his hand away to scratch ten red lines up Steve’s abs and chest. The air hitting the raw skin was a perfect contrast to the moist warmth of Tony’s mouth on Steve’s neck. Tony pulled back to look down at Steve from above. His pupils were blown wide and Steve thought he had never looked more beautiful.
Tears streamed down his face. Tony’s seizure was slowing until he was mostly still, his limbs twitching every few seconds.
he smirked, lying back against the headrest.
Steve took a calming breath, obviously working hard to keep himself in check right now.
Tony took a moment to let that sink in.
Steve startled as well.
He squeezed again, and this would be Tony’s last sight. His best friend killing him and he had no one to blame. He tried to inhale, but was choking on his own blood. The last thing he saw before his vision darkened was lightning strike the Hulk.
Thor boasted.
he started haltingly.
They threw their arms around each other in excitement. This adventure hadn’t even gone as badly as their usual.
Bruce took his glasses off to clean them, a nervous tic of his.
he asked.
3%. They staggered forward together, but every step took so much effort. 0%. The suit shut down and Tony was trapped.
He liked to believe that Tony wouldn’t do anything stupid, but he did have a track record. Steve just hoped Tony would turn to him before turning to the bottle. Then again, apparently Steve was not a good enough lover to begin with, or Tony would be happier and wouldn’t want to be alone right now. Steve went at the bag again, focusing on the pounding sound of his fists rather than his shortcomings with Tony.
Tony started, looking up with his eyebrows knit in confusion.
He turned back and started at the bag again.
She held out a hand towards him.
Steve was shaking a little, and he felt Phil push him down into a chair. The room cleared out, and he couldn’t tear his gaze away from Tony, his own heart still racing. They had just been fine and having a good time a few moments ago.
JARVIS spoke into all of their comms at once,
Coulson chimed in.
Mr. Doll, Nathan Dolly, was run over by a semi-truck the next week. No one would ever know the connection between the events.
Tony asked hurriedly.
Tony said as he landed on the ground, crossing his arms. All at once the rest of the Avengers seemingly came out of nowhere, and MODOK couldn’t defeat all of them at once. Luckily as he shot out his last blast before they placed the jammer on his head, it only hit the Hulk, who seemed to think it tickled. No wonder MODOK had done his best to avoid Hulk this whole time.
Tony whipped around just in time to get sucker punched. He felt his nose break and was lying on the ground. The room spun. What was happening? He tried to lift his head, but something was in the way. He was choking. Tony blinked hard and Thor came into focus above him. But it couldn’t be Thor. His supposed friend was expressionless as he waited for Tony to stop fighting.
Steve was happy Natasha could see the merit in the weekend of silence he had thrust upon the team. EXACTLY. Steve stretched, done sparring for the day. He was curious to see how Tony was doing, since the man was easily the loudest personality he knew.
So Tony Stark started his life anew. He began to think of himself as having a before and after version. This was the after-Afghanistan version. He was now Tony 2.0. New Tony made it his life’s mission to pay for his sins and the sins of his father, and he had a lot to pay for. That was what the other Avengers didn’t seem to grasp when they would berate him for neglecting himself.
his eyes stung. He rubbed at them. It was still strange to be allowed to cry in front of people.
Steve agreed. They remained like that, in companionable silence, for hours. Hospital staff came in and out, checking on monitors and changing dressing, but the two visitors were left alone. Phil was glad the others hadn’t come today, and he made a mental note to text Natasha later that they should wait until the injured were awake before visiting. Something told him that Steve would also appreciate having less people around.
Steve asked incredulously.
Exiting the gym, he decided he should probably come up with a strategy. Tony had wasted the first precious fifteen seconds of their head start, and despite the fact that this whole thing was stupid, he did hate losing. And when a game had only one winner, there was a high chance of losing. Knowing Bruce, and his walking speed, he’d probably be on this floor for a while. Tony’s best bet was to get to the farthest floor possible.
he admitted with a blush.
Tony rolled his eyes, holding in the frustrated growl that tried to escape him. It’s not like he had known Morgana was part of that whole disaster until it was too late.
She asked. As she walked in the direction of her apartment, she was constantly scanning for anything suspicious. Just to be safe, she took an indirect root home.
He gave his wrists a tug, testing the strength of the rope and knots that had his arms tied behind the hard wooden chair. Not much give there. He tried to move his legs against the ropes, only to realize his legs were actually being held together and to the chair by a metal contraption. The cold metal against his legs with only his slacks in between was a surprise, and it brought him more completely out of his stupor.
Tony just nodded, since he obviously couldn’t speak with a tube down his throat. Steve pressed the button and held Tony’s good hand, waiting impatiently. He hoped tony could get extubated so he could speak. He also hoped Tony had enough pain medication.
He jumped unintentionally, which even through the drugs in his system reminded him that his insides had had a bullet ripping through them.
He was watching Tony expectantly. It had seemed like a rhetorical question to Tony, but what did he know?
Peter explained.
Tony had plenty of childhood memories of watching his dad work. He knew how Howard talked to associates, how business was done. Tony was still doing his damnedest to be Howard when the fiasco in Afghanistan opened his eyes. Howard had left history stained in blood, and Tony had only continued to roll around in it. It should have been no surprise that he was so despised all the time. Not only did he have an uncanny resemblance to the man that made people who hate him by unconscious association, but Tony had done nothing to disprove the assumption that he would be another Howard.
T-H-O-R ASLEEP? Steve asked.
he paused, waiting for Jane to show a sign of recognizing who that was. She nodded, that’s who had kidnapped Tony.
It turned out that Dr. Strange meant everyone except Tony.
Tony spun on his heel.
Some of science’s most spectacular discoveries were made through risky experiments. Tony Stark was an avid believer in the idea that sometimes you just have to ‘run before you can walk’ technique if you wanted to get anything done in a timely manner. He had explained this to JARVIS over and over again over the years, and seriously, Tony thought JARVIS was supposed to be an intelligent learning AI, so why couldn’t the stupid program seem to learn this one fact!?
he demanded.
Steve growled in frustration.
Steve heard the cursing over the comms first, but had no way of seeing what was going on in that much detail. He was about to ask Tony to report when he saw Hawkeye hit the ground and heard the screaming start. Clint was screaming and writhing on the ground, his scream so desperate and harsh; Steve had to rip the comm out before he ruined his eardrum. None of this was making any sense, this should have been fairly easy.
He shook his head,
Vision’s voice rang out. Steve felt Dracula let go as the beam of light threw him across the room. Vision flew over, never allowing the energy beam to stop, and the vampire was screaming in agony.
Bruce said wryly. He was watching the red wine in his glass swirl round and round with the fascination that only an inebriated person can achieve.
She put her head in her hands, shaking it tiredly.
Tony stood, staggering over to the couch where he flopped down, bottle still in hand. He felt uncomfortable having Steve say such things and it made it a little easier if he didn’t have to look at the blond. Not sure himself why people showing they care makes him so uncomfortable, he didn’t voice it. Instead, he decided to actually admit to Steve that he was onto something. It was something he know he’d regret sober, but drunk Tony was more open.
The house looked like an average middle-income family house on the outskirts of New York. There were two stories, a small porch with narrow stairs framed by two white pillars, and a white and faded sky blue paint job that was flaking. It was technically a duplex, attached to the address next door. Watching Strange climb the small steps before them, Clint was hit with how bizarre the man looked in normal clothing. He realized he’s never seen the sorcerer without his cloak or the Eye of Agamotto hanging from his neck, though that was probably still there, just tucked under the sweater. It was an odd reminder that Stephen Strange had lived a whole life before becoming a sorcerer.
he murmured confidently. Steve was always enough for him, no matter the situation.
he led Tony to the couch where they flopped down together in an exhausted heap.
she muttered.
she asked.
he tried to explain. It wasn’t enough but he wasn’t sure how to order his swirling thoughts into sentences.
he asked tiredly. Clint invaded his vision, appearing beside him on the bench. Tony sighed, sitting up.
He caressed her cheek and held a hand in her lap.
The elevator door opened, and Tony looked up in time to see Stephen Strange stumble out. That alone brought Tony back to alertness. Dr. Strange didn’t stumble. He floated, or walked so gracefully and lightly that it was almost floating, and those were his only two methods of transportation Tony had ever witnessed. Today? The man stumbled, righted himself, saw Tony on the floor, and lurched forward.
He felt a little like an idiot, yelling into an empty room. There was no response, so Tony continued on, but stayed on high alert. Figuring he may as well check on everything while he was down here, he did a cursory check of the main reactor. Power levels were down a little, though that could be natural decrease in the reactor’s third year in a row. The element inside could not last forever, considering that the energy it created came from the decay of said element. It still didn’t have a name. The patent office just flat out refused, even under threat of lawsuit, to let him call it Badassium.
Thor welcomed.
he added as an afterthought.
Steve watched Iron Man land in the middle of the battle and something was very wrong. Tony wasn’t fighting he was just standing still, like he was waiting for something to happen.
Dr. Strange grimaced apologetically.
In his excitement, Tony climbed down faster than he should’ve. He didn’t slip, he was a graceful athlete thank you very much, but the nice exercise burn had turned into a throbbing ache in his one arm, and he was sweating by the time he reached Steve.
Canon-typical violence.
Steve opened his eyes again, turning his head to look at her.
Tony let that sink in; just how well Steve saw through him.
Clint, the rotten bastard, didn’t answer him. He merely held up his cell phone and pressed play. Tony could see himself scram and fall on the tiny screen.
Clint voiced what Tony was thinking, too.
Clint and Tony had a Halloween tradition. Every year, they attempted to pull a prank that got the other to scream. The first of October all the way through the 31st was all fair game. Whoever screamed first lost. To make things fair, Tony always let Clint have full access to his credit cards and JARVIS kept their plans from each other equally. Last year, Clint had got Tony good. Tony tried to blame it on being sleep deprived, but they all knew the truth. Clint had used Tony’s high-pitched scream as a ringtone for months. In fact, Clint had won three years in a row now.
They were always so dramatic. Natasha was usually the reasonable one. His destruction? Ridiculous.
When did she find out that Agent likes to tase Tony? Seriously, was everyone conspiring behind Tony’s back and they all were actually best friends? This creepy doctor already knew Agent and JARVIS too well. Tony decided to give up understanding the ways of people. He should just stick to robots… and Steve. As long as Steve would stick with him, anyways.
The ride to the hospital was quiet, but not awkward. Steve and Phil were unfortunately used to this. Dating the two team members who got injured the most was an emotionally taxing lifestyle. Neither of them were sure they could continue of they didn’t have each other to lean on.
Lisa asked, always too perceptive for her own good.
Tony corrected automatically.
He flung the creature off of him.
Tony asked sharply from the doorway. They all turned sharply, obviously caught off guard. Tony shuffled forward and squinted at the light.
he stared at his feet so he wouldn’t have to see hurt Steve. Hurt Steve was just painful to look at.
With that, she walked away, hips swinging, heels clicking. She was probably right, as crazy as it sounds. Tony would somehow go from billionaire to flat broke in a manner of months without Pepper, he was sure of it.
Kimmel clearing his throat startled them both back to reality. Steve blushed a deep scarlet that matched his tie, and Tony smirked at how swollen his lips looked.
Steve didn’t really believe Tony when he said that JARVIS isn’t capable of caring because his
Natasha started making herself some eggs, a quick glance at the three men telling her all that she needed, along with what she gathered from Tony’s bad mood this morning. Tony relapsed last night, Steve blames himself, Clint was there, and Phil’s trying to clean up the mess. She said nothing, deciding to listen instead.
It was hard to pinpoint when it started. Little troubles easily dismissed as bad luck or simple mistakes grew incrementally until the only logical conclusion was that something was wrong. Very wrong.
Abram gaped at him.
Clint asked nonchalantly.
It was Steve’s turn to chuckle when Peter shuddered.
He turned and walked away as though this were just a normal day.
pant,
Tony was already shaking his head.
he patted the bed beside him, scooting over. Steve climbed in, wary of the man’s wound that he definitely hadn’t noticed yet. Tony hummed, nuzzling into Steve’s neck.
And Dracula was holding him with one hand wrenching his head to the side, mouth wide and ready to sink his veins into Steve’s neck. The whole thing had happened so fast, Steve wasn’t sure when they had ended up right next to Tony.
Tony unwillingly flashed back to his mother helping him dress after he had been beaten up at school. He had tried so hard not to show any pain, because his father had yelled at him the previous time that Stark men don’t cry. She had held him afterwards while he cried silently, wishing he could be the man his father wanted.
The spiders were black widows. Tony is going to decide later to use that fact against Nat, even if it didn't make any sense. Let him have fun, damnit.
Steve turned to his partner, surprised.
Steve continued swiftly. He was like an unrelenting interrogator.
Steve finally broke the tense silence fifteen minutes later.
The family of four stepped out, the two children arguing while the parents looked too tired to care. As soon as they were far enough down the street, Natasha and Clint strolled out of their hiding spot, headed for the deli. As they walked in, Natasha said something about
The camera view flipped and Steve was looking at himself for a split second before averting his eyes. He didn’t think he could stomach the sight of himself right now, his self-loathing being so strong at the moment.
Tony finds out who's after him. The gang deal with Tony's relapse. Let's hope everyone can remain calm? Also the chapter with a little bit of Phlint feels because I love them.
the Mandarin said.
Steve looked at the scene in the library. The confusion slid away after a moment.
Tony swallowed the lump in his throat. If his memory served correctly, Symkaria was just northeast of Latveria, and a close ally to the country. Doctor Doom had sworn to protect the slightly smaller nation, and Avengers or SHIELD would certainly be considered enemy aircraft, shot down on sight.
Tony let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
His eyes were alight with mischief. If anyone could convince Peter Stark-Rogers to
He heard the waiter behind them. He nodded dumbly, unable to look away from Tony’s thrashing form.
Strange considered that.
She came over to him while Tony began taking the suit apart into pieces they needed.
sorry I haven't touched this in years. It still exists though, and inspiration struck, so I figured I should finish it, even if no one is still reading.
Clint cursed,
Coulson smirked, then frowned when he saw his ‘name’ on the screen.
He managed to smile at Steve.
For the next two strings of shows, Frank made sure to switch shifts with people so he could guard Maria, though. There was no harm in enjoying her company in a professional environment, right? The enjoyment even seemed to be mutual. Maria started inviting Frank into her dressing room, after she was dressed of course, and they talked about everything and nothing while she did her own hair and makeup. He asked once why there wasn’t someone to do it for her, he knew most divas had a crew for that sort of thing, but she told him she didn’t like other people touching her. The tone hinted something deeper behind the words, the way Frank told people he didn’t like loud noises. Maybe she could handle him after all.
Tony didn’t fight it when Steve scooped him up and brought him back to the couch. He refused to move his face away from Steve’s chest, embarrassed.
Steve chuckled, shaking her hand.
Loki doesn't take it well when Tony decides not to play along with their usual fun. Somehow that translates to Steve and Tony stranded in unfamiliar woods with no working tech.
the man’s voice escaped Heather’s lips.
He considered it. He did; he considered asking her to drinks afterwards. But then he thought about his outbursts of rage that he couldn’t seem to control and how sometimes the wrong word sent him back into battle, and he knew that wouldn’t be fair to this woman. Maria probably wouldn’t even want to go out with him anyways. She was a famous opera singer, and he was a nobody.
he said slowly. Tony nodded, eyes closed.
He gave a wave behind his back as he left carrying a briefcase.
Strange asked, but it lacked heat.
Tony whined, doing his best to give Steve puppy dog eyes. Steve could see Tony’s mouth twitch, though, giving away that he was trying not to laugh.
Bruce said firmly. Nobody questioned the doctor when he started giving commands, which was a very rare occasion.
The smoke cleared away to show the wall completely intact. The place where a gaping hole should be was clearly marked with burns, but beneath the black char was an undamaged wall that was clearly NOT the cement it looked like. Tony was fucked. He turned in time to avoid slamming into the wall, redirecting his course for the door. The Hulk’s fist met the wall where Tony had nearly crashed, and the wall cracked but did not crumble. What was this building made of!?
before also walking out the door.
he teased.
The screen had gone white and there was a touch screen keyboard at the bottom. There were lines quickly forming at the top.
he asked dreamily.
Doctor Strange smiled at him.
Tony gaped at his fiancé. When had the man found time?
Feed the fire, my friend and brother.
Janet responded too seriously.
he felt the blush creep across his face when Steve started laughing. Steve had a nice laugh. Tony should really try to make Steve laugh more.
Clint shrugged.
‘Enjoying the Cap’s little experiment?’ Phil asked wryly. He knew Clint probably found this all immensely amusing.
So this conversation was happening. Tony set down the tablet and stretched until his spine popped.
Tony gasped as his left arm spasmed painfully.
Steve let out a slow, shaky breath.
She gave him a small smile, trying to soften the harsh tone to her words. It was hardly the genius’ fault she had a headache.
Two years later, no one was thinking about the Digger. He was old news, and New York city was never short on new crime to report on. So when the man escaped from prison, nobody thought that maybe Jessica, Matt, and Foggy should be the first people to know. The serial killer did blame them for being put behind bars, especially Jessica. Instead, they found out on the news with everyone else. Jessica was at a bar and saw it on the tiny TV. Luke was helping a friend move by doing all the heavy lifting, so Jessica had taken the opportunity for a solo night. Being engaged was great and all, but she needed some time alone sometimes.
Tony drawled.
He sighed, and Steve thought he had never looked so old and worn.
Abram pressed his lips together as if he weren’t going to say anything else.
He smirked, but the fear was clear in his eyes.
His eyes snapped open, and Natasha stood there, face carefully blank.
A wave of nausea and pain sent Tony to his knees and he opened the face plate, trying to get more air.
Tony grinned, waving at a couple of photographers happily.
A nurse was there at his side, and when had he laid down on the ground.
Bruce said with a small, tired smile. They all settled back into the chairs.
That was… actually genius. Maybe they should let Clint do the planning more often. Steve had been so caught up in the impossibility to sneak into Castle Dracula, that he forgot to consider technology as a way past the supernatural. Tony would be ecstatic at the thought of tech winning against vampires yet again.
The elevator sped up, and Bruce had to grab onto the handrail to keep from falling over. Their ‘meeting room’ was actually the entertainment room where they gathered for movie nights, but somewhere along the line it also became where they gathered for team planning and debriefs from the Captain. Tony and Bruce were there first and Tony just pointed to a chair,
With that the sorcerer left in a hurry.
He fired more blasts at Tony.
Natasha stood, pulling a folder from under the couch cushion, which was decidedly not weird for her. She kept things in random places.
As Vision flew beside the jet towards Transylvania, already intangible just in case Dracula was watching, Steve talked to him through the calms.
Steve spoke slowly and gently, taking small steps toward them.
Tony watched as the archer lightly pushed the lamp into the vent, standing back when the trap activated. Then he saw the archer reach in and pull his arm out with a smile, looking at the crawling black dots on his arm. Before Tony saw himself walk in, Clint gently brushed off the spiders, and walked over to hide beside the doorway.
Steve fought the urge to throw the phone at a wall. They may as well be able to get updates. He typed back a quick thanks to JARVIS for the update.
he admitted.
Natasha reasoned before Thor had to. She understood Steve’s emotional response, but Thor’s decision had certainly been for the best.
he heard Jane's voice from behind the Mandarin somewhere. He stepped to the side to see where she was and she was tied to a chair. Everything else immediately became less important, because there was red seeping through the rope at her abdomen.
He shook himself out of his reverie, and looked at Tony again.
So he went soul searching. Nathan travelled the world with the little he had saved up, originally in hopes of buying a house. While in Africa, and he could admit that he wasn’t sure which country (his geography knowledge terrible, and he knew nothing of the different cultures there), he met a woman that changed everything. She tried to explain the magic behind it, but the language barrier was too much. When he was handed the voodoo doll, she was able to get across a simple message.
he asked.
He looked at all of them, and each of them relaxed, but not completely. This kind of life made all of them on edge at all times.
Frank asked the guard. His voice was deceptively calm.
Dracula asked him. Tony was lying on a stone table, watching his captor chain his wrists and ankles to each other and locking them to the bolts in the ground. It was uncomfortable and cold, but he didn’t struggle. This was what Dracula wanted.
Natasha sighed heavily as well.
The blond pulled Tony into his arms, capturing his mouth. He kissed him until he drew another helpless groan from the shorter man, and pulled away. Tony stood on his tip toes in an unconscious effort to follow. Steve’s smile was full of false innocence, but the evil glint was in his eyes.
Clint asked.
But Tony and he were gonna be here all weekend. Maybe this was finally the time to let their relationship grow, even if only a little. Plus, Tony had chosen to take a break in his busy schedule to go on a trip with him. There had to be something more to that than just Bigfoot, right? Tony hated camping. He felt like he owed it to the genius a little to try to be there, not just shrug off the man’s discomfort.
Tony suddenly felt how dry his throat was.
Behind them, the Hulk punched another, and it dissipated into a cloud of black smoke only to reform across the room.
Tony was making grand gestures and speaking like a talk show host. It broke the awkward mood and he felt victorious.
The server returned with their check, and Tony filled out the receipt with a flourish.
Tony opted for a compromise; he leaned against the television stand, flipping the folder open. Natasha didn’t move from the spot, ready to do whatever was necessary if Tony didn’t handle this well. The folder was the same meeting notes that Steve had received, although she was sure Tony wouldn’t need to read it all. He was already painfully familiar with the Ten Rings.
Steve visibly deflated beside him, which said a lot because he had already looked pretty deflated and miserable.
Kimmel exclaimed.
JARVIS allowed more of the footage to play before continuing. The view of the room was not complete, but from what the Avengers could see, something was very wrong. No one on screen was clearly the robber, but the two police officers were pointing their guns at the huddled group of five or more (the group was cut off by the edge of the screen) civilians in the corner, all of whom were in various states of panic. Some were rocking back and forth in the fetal position, one was frozen like a statue. The most worrying part was that the officers were clearly in a panic as well, jumping at every movement and firing shots here and there that narrowly missed people.
He felt warm and fuzzy. His family was everything he could’ve wanted in life, and memories of trick-or-treating with Bucky had him nostalgic.
he popped his entire piece in his mouth and grabbed another,
he spat.
he tickled the kid in his lap, relishing in the giggles.
Steve swiftly cut him off.
he muttered. It sounded like a curse.
Wanda said quietly. Tony had never seen her cry before, but a single tear had traveled down her cheek at some point, because the wet streak was still visible. Some part of him wanted to know how she knew, but another louder part didn’t, and instead he just met her gaze.
Steve stared at Tony like he was seeing him for the first time.
he choked off.
Steve asked.
Clint said softly.
Tony couldn’t help the wince at his old nickname, but thankfully no one seemed to notice. Steve looked scolded, and Tony mussed his hair on the way back to his seat to hopefully cheer the man up.
Loki chuckled and Steve clenched his fists to keep from punching the cheeky bastard.
Abram nearly jumped out of his skin. Clint could be frightening.
His voice was firm.
Phil lost his patience. He had to be tired because Clint had never seen the man lose his patience.
When the alarm finally sounded, he was already in his uniform, sipping coffee in the kitchen. Everyone was on the flight deck within ten minutes, and Strange was directing everyone where to stand.
Tony began pacing.
Tony mocked offense.
Steve saluted the genius.
He had to lure the Other Guy out of here. Bruce would be so upset with himself of the Hulk destroyed all their evidence.
the Sorcerer Supreme was a smug bastard.
Tony soothed.
A shadow seemed to cross Dr. Strange’s features.
he shrugged, but gave Steve a look that said he was aware of the danger.
Clint called from the couch. That seemed to remind Tony of their debate. He pushed off Phil, flirtation forgotten, and jumped onto the couch, sticking his socks in Clint’s face. The squawk he let it out was totally worth the ensuing wrestling match that ended up with Tony pinned on the ground.
Phil had switched into business mode. This matter could affect the team.
PARTY OVER? Thor signed to whoever was looking.
He stretched, wincing with each pop of his spine.
Clint and Tony were firing shots left and right, but there were a lot more men flocking to the north end of the building as soon as they realized what was going on. Clint took down a dozen or so with one of Tony’s new experimental arrows. It has a small blast radius that sends out an electric shock through the ground, similar to a taser and stuns people. Neither of them noticed when one of the guys that came around the corner had a strange gun, there was just too much going on.
he called behind his shoulder.
Tony explained calmly. Underneath the flat demeanor and fog of hypnotism, he was panicking. Not only had he never tried this, but it could possibly kill him, and it would be a slow agony if it did. But this was what Dracula wanted.
Tony did not wake up to the gentle sound of Steve like he had hoped, but instead his left arm was itching. Stupid bugs. Tony slapped at his arm without opening his eyes. Maybe he could fall back asleep.
It rose to a near shout. Tony flinched instinctively, not used to Steve’s actually angry voice in the close quarters of the small kitchen. Steve lowered his voice again, annoyed that he had made Tony flinch.
Bruce explained. Tony could only nod through a long groan.
he whispered between shallow breaths.
Well, he trusted the Cap.
Steve let him lead the way, and they were to Tony’s bed where an IV was still being put in his arm, and the man was already intubated. Steve collapsed unceremoniously into the seat beside Tony opposite to the side the nurse was on, grabbing Tony’s hand. He squeezed just tight enough to let Tony know he was there, that Tony had to pull through. The words he had spoken earlier that night were running through his head on repeat and he felt sick.
Steve returned the small smile.
Tony watched her move, examining the tech around him. It helped distract him from the pain. Dying out here would suck. The Avengers would probably never find out what had happened to him if he did. Tony had taken the armour out for a simple exploratory mission. When he was kidnapped by a passing ship, they had tampered with his communications immediately. He should have returned last week, so he was sure they were worried, but he was too far away to be tracked. Despite Thor’s claims, Tony didn’t think Heimdall could actually see everywhere. He could probably see everywhere within the nine realms, but that was only nine realms.
Tony grabbed his forehead.
she gestured for the new boy to sit next to Clint before striding out of the room.
Fury chuckled.
the Mandarin said, staring Tony right in the eyes.
Something is living in the basement. The problem was, Tony couldn’t figure out what. The tower’s basement was just one large room housing the giant arc reactor that powered it, and Tony’s emergency backup arc reactors. No one could even access the basement without being Tony. JARVIS had bio scanners and everything. So how in the world was something living in the basement?
Phil watched him carefully. Steve never looked so helpless, even the other times Tony had been kidnapped. He hadn’t been there when they went against the vampires the last time, but he got the gist from Clint. Dracula was not to be taken lightly.
Phil’s face fell slightly. He leaned in and gave a gentle, questioning kiss, not sure if this was what Clint wanted either. Clint returned it, but pulled back after a short time, looking down.
the sound came out as a hiss in Jessica’s ear.
Steve glared at Tony and Clint,
Bruce followed obligingly, and Clint knew she was doing this because he was uncomfortable around magic and didn't want them to see. He hoped she knew he was grateful.
he said quietly.
He wanted to just have a nap, then maybe he’d wake up and find out that this was the nightmare.
he boomed.
JARVIS chose that moment to cut in.
he managed. She handed it to him and he turned it on. The comms would connect to the Avengers immediately. That was the best he could do, there was no way he was making it anyway. His heart was taking longer pauses between the flopping sensation of skipped beats.
The man in question paced for a moment.
Thor chuckled softly.
he managed between bouts of laughter.
When Steve had looked at him skeptically, Tony threw a pebble at him.
he tried. The flight strategy was not enough, he realized belatedly, when Hulk jumped upwards and caught hold of Tony’s right leg.
There was that false cheer again.
Steve felt butterflies in his stomach. It was a feeling he thought would fade with time, but dating Tony felt permanently like being a love-struck teen. He didn’t need to sing above a soft rumble, the small cave’s acoustics making everything louder.
Steve looked so sad and confused, Tony felt so heartless for the laugh that slipped past his lips unwanted. Steve pulled his hands away, irritated.
As if on cue, the Iron Man Armour appeared above him, shoving a reactor into the luckily undamaged casing. Breathing became easier almost instantaneously. Tony felt dizzy with relief. Or maybe the world was spinning from the blood loss. He closed his eyes, suddenly exhausted. Bruce pressed down harder on Tony’s side, but the wounded man didn’t wake, only whimpered.
JARVIS’ voice came from the small speakers. The screen flipped to camera mode, showing Steve his lap.
Steve knew he needed to calm down, but his body wasn’t listening to him.
Tony gave a strained smile.
he decided not to ask when the last time Steve slept was. As it is, he only just woke up from a couple hour nap; a nap that had only occurred because he passed out after hours at the shooting range.
Dracula used only a sliver of his power to grow in stature and increase the foreboding in his aura.
Thor replied.
Dracula hissed.
The two ignored the question.
Clint prodded, wiggling his eyebrows. It was a stupid look.
JARVIS sounded smug, like he wanted Tony caught, the traitor.
Tony said with a wry smile.
Bruce shrugged.
Thor nodded sagely.
Relief washed over Tony as he felt Strange’s presence leave. He felt so light, like he'd never felt before. He opened his eyes and looked at Steve with a warm smile, but Steve looked horrified. Tony looked around; in fact, everyone looked horrified.
he muttered.
Somehow the ring had turned on the reactor but blocked it from powering the suit. How convenient, Tony thought. Magic really was the worst. The Mandarin easily found all the latches and pulled the suit away. He threw Tony’s shoes and socks away as well, making doubly sure Tony wouldn’t get very far if he ran. Tony started to back away from him without even really thinking, the guy was just right above him and so close, so calm as though Tony were a small child. It made Tony uneasy.
Tony and Thor walked in and Clint took off quickly, headed for the warehouse.
Strange seemed to understand.
Now where had the briefcase come from? Tony surveyed the room. It didn’t have anywhere where Agent could be hiding these things. He quickly double underlined the
he replied patiently.
he said quietly.
When Steve didn’t continue, he asked
Steve stood up.
Steve nearly brained Natasha with his fist when she touched his arm. The poor guy was still standing in front of the restaurant in shock. She watched painfully as his eyes went from wide with terror to miserable in an instant. Supporting his wait a little, they got in the car Happy was driving. Natasha knew not to expect Steve to really be there with her until they got confirmation that Tony would live. The news they had gotten from JARVIS was suspiciously vague, and none of them actually knew what had happened yet. All she knew was that Tony was taken to the hospital, unconscious.
Pepper said quietly.
Steve was sure if JARVIS could sigh he would’ve.
he said weakly. It felt like a Hulk was sitting on his chest. His vision was going black around the edges. He saw Natasha and Steve running towards him as his eyes closed and he fell to the ground.
Matt cocked his head.
Peter spoke fiercely. He pulled back from the scientist’s arms, smiling at him brightly.
Natasha moved closer, slowly though, so as not to push him further away.
Said minions backed off, whining like scolded dogs as they left the room altogether, the ones still standing. Strange made a flinging motion, and Nightmare landed in the throne, hard, but he didn’t seem able to stand back up. Strange must have saved up just enough power to defeat the demon, not counting on Morgana making him more powerful, because the sorcerer suddenly slumped, falling through the air. Tony dove, catching him just in time before he hit the ground.
). The man wasn’t even a sorcerer for Gaea’s sake! How the hell he had escaped Mephisto from that Hell was beyond her entirely. Mephisto was nearly powerless within his own realm. Now he had been instrumental in disrupting her plans with Nightmare to take down Stephen Strange. (
Steve burst out laughing, and Tony joined in before wincing.
he moaned. People weren’t meant to deal with this much at once. There was a reason Tony pushes things away to deal with later, one at a time, preferably with alcohol handy. Steve was still talking to someone on the phone, but it all seemed distant. The dead Steve on the table in front of him, a ghost of the past, seemed far more real.
Tony spat. He had to consciously reel it in. This was not the time to go on a Howard rant.
Tony interrupted.
He could hear Tony’s huff of laughter. Loki’s plan had certainly backfired. Tony was more relaxed and happy than Steve had seen him in weeks. Maybe he should coordinate for Loki to always do this in October, but act like it was villainy. Not that Tony would fall for it.
he sneered.
He watched Steve war with himself, his face twitching with conflicting emotions. He moved forward, turned off the stovetop before Steve burned his food, and grabbed Steve’s hands from underneath his crossed arms. Steve watched their hands for a moment, before meeting Tony’s eyes.
Steve was so taken aback, he stood in surprise.
He tried his best not to sound like he was lying, but the look Tony gave him indicated that he wasn’t very successful.
Steve gave a harsh laugh.
he reminded himself.
So when he ventured down to the lab that afternoon, the goal was to have a calm discussion.
He looked at Steve.
Bruce never stopped walking towards him as he spoke, but Tony kept their distance, circling the table.
Natasha shouted, praying he’d hit it. Phil was a good shot, but he was no Clint and it was a small target.Thor screamed in rage but the next shot hit the chain and the medallion hit the floor with a loud clang.
Wait, when had Tony’s life gotten to the point where there could be a great month to be kidnapped!? He shook his head at himself. He had stopped counting the number of times he was kidnapped by 16, it was just too often. Having a famous, rich dad made him a great target for ransom nappings, being a genius made him a target when people wanted him to make things, owning SI made him a ransom target again, and then being Iron Man meant he was sometimes kidnapped just out of spite. Or maybe that was also from being Tony Stark. He made a lot of enemies.
Whatever the girl had done to him with her black eyes, he remembered all of it. Tony felt the pain of it wash over him again, the shock of snapping away from the trance gone. Regular, saltwater tears mixed with the dried blood on his face.
Tony sighed, running his hands through his hair, inadvertently leaving oil streaked through it.
That set Morgana laughing again.
He took a shower and settled into bed to wait for Phil. Phil should’ve gotten home before him, he was probably stuck doing all the paperwork HR should’ve been doing for Dr. Stein and Julie’s new files. Fury liked to torture him that way. Only Phil would put up with Fury’s shit to the extent that he does.
he said gently.
Natasha said quietly, pulling out her phone.
Steve heard Bruce say, but the conversation was sounding far away.
Tony burst out angrily.
Just as The Mandarin started to walk towards Stephen Strange, presumably to finish him off, Strange disappeared with a pop, appearing behind him and trapping him in a bubble of green flames. Tony wasn't sure if Strange had been awake longer and faking it or he just had impeccable timing.
He tried not to sound depressed about it, but it didn’t work.
He attempted to hide his grimace of pain as Steve lifted him into the car like he was a child. His legs weren’t broken for Pete’s sake. Judging by Steve’s brow furrowing, he wasn’t very successful.
Steve took note of the qualifier ‘physically’ thrown in there.
Bruce was looking around confused and he was naked and Clint could help there. He walked towards him, pulling the spare pants out from his satchel. As he drew nearer, Bruce jumped up and grabbed the pants from Clint's outstretched hand a little too forcefully.
Phil said softly, hoping it was the truth.
Sure the anger and confusion would return, Steve closed his eyes. Right now, he only felt exhausted.
He moved as quickly as he could without running through the group, trying to escape. Steve caught his wrist, and he spun around.
He turned and started walking out. His cape billowed behind him and Clint had never noticed how deep the red was. It didn't look like fabric, but somehow otherworldly. He turned,
Steve shook his head.
she murmured.
Clint slumped in his chair.
He kissed Tony on the forehead.
When they were all in a circle around Dr. Strange he spoke,
he bit out.
he whispered.
Wade said quickly, leading the way in the same direction they had been walking for what seemed like forever.
Tony tried gently. The man stirred, but did not awaken.
he snarled.
He remembered this time to use her nickname; well, sort of.
she shouted behind her, not looking away from Thor, who was normally so cheerful and relaxed here. He didn’t even look at her, he just started walking forward towards the direction Jane’s voice was coming from.
Tony laughed then winced as his broken ribs felt the motion.
Tony took his hand, although it hurt with the burns.
Vlad Dracula began,
he spoke softly.
The increase in sound caused Clint to stir. Everyone froze, watching him groan, putting a hand to his wounded side, feeling the bandages, then letting his eyelids flutter open.
In Wanda’s defense, she hadn’t meant it to be a spell.
The possible medium/mutant’s accent was something neither Phil nor Clint could place. It didn’t sound put-on, in fact, it sounded like she was trying to hide it, so it was most likely real. That alone piqued the SHIELD agents’ interests because there were very few places in the world where they wouldn’t recognize the accent. As she took a seat, the lights in the room dimmed, and Clint glanced around to see that Zelma was at the switch.
Phil said, leading him down the hall. He had no idea where Phil was taking him, but he followed anyway. He may be terrified to be blind, but he’d blindly follow Phil Coulson any day.
Something was amiss. Tony clearly thought he was hiding it well, but Steve could tell. His boyfriend was sweating profusely. He had caught the man grimacing and holding his head when he thought Steve wasn’t looking.
Steve felt tired, but otherwise unharmed.
she met Peter’s gaze seriously. He nodded for her to go on. Peter was a smart kid, raised by a genius, but he was only eight. Natasha barely understood her own childhood.
Direct continuation to chapter 4, Curse. Tony and Clint are injured, and stuck in SHIELD medical. Phil and Steve are not new to being the boyfriend at a hospital bedside. At least they have each other, right?
he talked slightly too loud, part of the act.
Natasha commented, eyeing him intensely.
Thor was decidedly
Tony made a face.
Tony whined.
Schmidt grimaced, or maybe smiled, Dracula couldn’t tell with his disgusting appearance.
A screen dropped down, showing surveillance footage of the inside of a small bank.
Tony waited to make sure he was finished. He had never really thought about it that way. He was so used to these threats, had been getting them since the kidnapping started when he was a small child, that they had come to all seem trivial to him. Attempting to see it through Steve’s eyes, Tony would also never forgive himself if Steve kept a death-threat from him then ended up dead. He’d spend eternity wondering if he could have stopped it. He pat his leg to indicate for Steve to sit in his lap. As usual, the man rolled his eyes, scooped Tony up, sat down, and kept Tony in his lap instead. One of these times, Tony was hoping Steve would be distracted and would let Tony be the one on bottom. Sure Steve weighed more, but Tony was far too curious as to what would happen.
he sobbed. His heart squeezed painfully again, and maybe the universe would have mercy and just smite him.
Tony jumped to his feet and staggered over to the bar. He was pouring more liquor. This had been his first night off in weeks, and damn, he had needed this. The glass slid away from him as he recorked the bourbon. Tony stared at the spot it had been, confused. Tilting his head and reaching forward to investigate, he suddenly noticed the figure in his periphery he somehow hadn’t noticed. Maybe he should stop.
Tony slept through a whole day. He didn’t even flinch when they inserted the IV to rehydrate him, and Steve gave him a simple wash with a cool washcloth. He desperately needed to eat, too, but they decided to let him sleep the initial soreness off. Literally going through Hell, Tony had still been through worse than this. Sleep was the best thing for him now, even if it was killing the team not to be able to talk to him. They could wait.
Everyone was watching the scene unfold. Tony was in his arms looking dazed, breathing too quickly. Steve looked back at the asshole, and when they met eyes the man spoke again.
Natasha ran over to check on Clint.
This references chapter 22, the one about dreams with Nightmare and Strange. It's not necessary to read it if you just want to jump in here, so don't feel any pressure to backtrack.
In the beginning of the search, there even was a mistress. Jessica had followed the man’s credit card transactions to a motel room, where the woman was still staying. Unfortunately, she had no idea where the man had gone.
but he cut himself off with a gasp. The arc reactor rapidly grew brighter before a flash of light that somehow became a halo that rippled outward like a raindrop in a puddle. He had to shield his eyes, but when the light was over, all the doombots were lying on the ground uselessly, and Doom was shouting. Thor seized the opportunity and crushed the weapon.
It wasn’t the original life he’d imagined for himself as a child, but it was far better than his imagined wife and two children, living off of his art sales; although he had been thinking lately about finishing art school, just for the fun of it. As he set the box down on the counter and Tony set down their huge mugs of hot chocolate, Steve thought that his life couldn’t get much better.
he started, but Tony wasn’t allowing it.
Iron man was still standing but the reactor was dim and flickering. Clint might very well be dead soon if not already and Tony was going to die if the reactor failed and he couldn’t take this. He made it to his boyfriend’s side in time to watch the armour land flat on it’s back. Steve couldn’t see Tony’s expression when he lifted the faceplate, his tears leaving everything blurry. The reactor finally went dark and Tony arched his back, gasping.
His voice was sharp.
Strange laughed outright, then stifled it at Steve and Tony’s looks.
She shook her head.
JARVIS manufactured the rest of the comms in no time, and Tony brought them to the table at dinner. After being showered in praise, he took them back and put them in a labeled suitcase, explaining that they’d be kept in his lab for missions when they’d be appropriate. Clint met Steve’s eyes. ‘Thank you for this,’ he mouthed across the room. Steve felt himself blush, but he was glad Clint liked their weekend. Silence wasn’t so bad, though he could admit he was impatient for Monday.
He chuckled at the title.
No one argued, just snapped to.
he admitted in a whisper.
Steve looked up at Tony and looked a little confused.
Wade burst out laughing, and that was really more of a cackle. Wade was cackling at him and Peter glared at the other kid. Wade showed no remorse and just stuck his tongue out before Peter took off chasing him towards his room.
Peter watched his dads argue, looking back and forth between them. This is exactly why he hadn’t wanted to ask. A perfectly nice family picnic had become a small feud. He laid back with a sigh, staring up at the blood moon. Tuning them out was getting easier. Peter loved them so much, all of the avengers family, but boy could they turn the smallest disagreement into the largest fight. He supposed it probably had to do with living in a constant battle-ready state. Maybe he should stark taking notes on them all. The Psychology of Superheroes. It could be a thesis in grad school or something. Even though the plan was still chemistry. Tony had multiple PhDs, why not him?
Clint wrenched the knife out what he had taken to calling the doombots’ neck and it twitched on the ground uselessly. There weren’t many vulnerable openings on these things. He supposed they weren’t actually doombots, that’s what Doctor Doom called his look-alike bots, and there were much less humanoid, but the team was just calling any bots Doom showed up with doombots at this point. Tony and Clint had been coming up with names for each type for a while, but it was only fun for the first ten times.
he finished awkwardly. And there they were. His big, brown, puppy-dog eyes. Wanda agreed with Steve that while everyone thought he was the one who had mastered looking like a puppy when he wanted something, it was really Tony who’s big eyes and wobbly lip could get him anything. The man was just adorable.
Tony remarked.
Tony responded casually, pretending to examine his nails.
he had the gall to be sarcastic and raise an unimpressed eyebrow at Clint. He was so tempted to punch the man in the nose and honestly? He’d probably do it if Steve wouldn’t kill him for it.
he yelled.
Steve asked carefully.
Clint watched until his breathing evened out.
He clenched his fists, nails digging into his palms.
Dr. Nicholson was taking notes from the monitors and frowning. Tony hated it when a doctor frowned.
When Steve went down to the gym, Thor was already there. Steve looked at him from the doorway, curious. He looked like he was meditating. His body was still, his eyes closed. It was odd; Steve didn’t think Thor could be still. He was always so energetic. His eyes snapped open, and Steve felt the blush at being caught staring. Thor didn’t mention it though, just hopped to his feet excitedly.
he sighed, wiping his face with his hand, a gesture of exhaustion.
while it shut behind them.
Tony rambled, as he was wont to do.
Tony watched them go, walking over to sit next to Bruce. He placed a hand on his best bud’s shoulder, and Bruce nearly fell out of his seat in surprise. He had been staring at the tea in his hands, and hadn’t seen Tony approach. Not hearing things was hard.
A weird feeling came over Tony. He didn’t no how else to describe it, though it wasn’t dissimilar to dissociating. He lurched to his feet, suddenly very afraid.
The red chaos magic flowed from her hands into Tony, and Steve could see her sweating from the effort. Her eyes glowed red and her mouth was parted as she lifted a few inches off the ground. Tony’s monitors flatlined, but Steve could see that Tony wasn’t dead. He was more frozen. It reminded Steve of one of Tony’s stasis fields, but red and magic. Steve couldn’t escape the knowledge that even if Wanda kept him like this until Strange broke the spell, Tony would still be in this state when she let go. Could the doctors even save him? Strange finished whatever he had been chanting, which Steve hadn’t even noticed he was chanting, and looked at Wanda.
she asked quietly.
Clint eyed his boyfriend with disbelief.
Bruce sighed heavily.
and why was Tony not invited? That would have been a great time. Tony knew every word to those songs.
You can listen to the song Steve sings
Jessica gave her an awkward pat on the shoulder, leafing through the cheater’s suitcase again. In fairness to Sharlene, the man did seem to be packed for good. He must’ve bought a whole new wardrobe because there was no way this much was missing from his closet, Jessica would’ve noticed.
He considered it a win when Tony laughed. Sure, the situation kind of sucked, but they may as well enjoy themselves while they were stuck here. If anything, being forced to camp in the woods and be away from the stress of SI could be good for Tony.
Strange observed. No one denied it, so he continued.
Steve huffed out a laugh and Tony snorted.
Bruce shook his head.
Clint turned around.
Only then did Dr. Nicholson notice how pale and shake Steve looked.
Fury turned to the rest of them in the room.
He knew he was whining, but he really was tired.
