Oh my, I can't wait for you guys to read these next few chapters...
Please leave a comment to tell me what you thought, and thank you so much for reading!
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can, and thanks for reading! Bye!
Sorry for being a little late, I was out with some friends! Anyway, enjoy the chapter!
“We were,” Flash said, gesturing between them “, those two were still sixteen-year-old babies” he added, pointing to MJ and Peter, who rolled their eyes in response. Still, Ned was right: they were
Hi guys! Sorry this is later than usual, I was with a few friends and I got home pretty late... we went to a haunted house and I don't think I'm going to be able to sleep with the lights off tonight lmao.
So, he turned off the water and dried himself meticulously, still careful about some sore spots in his body, and changed into comfortable clothes. His Dads had insisted in a family dinner that same night, and Peter had accepted after their promise of keeping the evening as calm as possible (read: Clint was under strict orders to behave), but until then Peter could rest, and hopefully have a talk with Shuri about the press conference, if anything to have an idea of his family’s real thoughts about it. He knew the genius had stayed at the Tower both to give him some time to decompress, but also to find things she knew Peter would want to know.
He decided to go into the Tower via his teenage room, aware his whole family would be already on the common floor (the ones able to make it, anyway), waiting for him. The young superhero took a moment to look at his room, not able to stop the rush of nostalgia that took hold of him. That room, the one he’d moved into when he was fifteen… seemed like a time capsule, like the reflection of the kid he’d been when everything had started, vastly different and yet the same person he was now. Peter stayed there for a few minutes, deep in thought, and then sighed and left for the elevator, not surprised at all when he saw his fathers at the living room, already having figured they’d wait for him, probably aware their son was going to choose a more discreet entrance.
“Yeah, let her” Peter immediately nodded “, but… does she want to kill me?”
You can find this fic translated to Russian here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608
Omg, I still can't believe we got Spidey back, I'm so happy! Enjoy the chapter and please review! I want to know if you guys like this story!
Love you all 3000!
PS: yes I've seen the new Disney+ series, and yes I'm obsessed. I prefer TFAWS, but that's just because Sam and Bucky are some of my favorites and I adore their dynamic... but God, both are incredibly good.
A few months have gone by since the incident, so...
So, a few things happened, huh? I can say almost all of the chapters 'till the end are going to be... pretty intense. You guys will see, that's for sure.
“Understood” both geniuses nodded, in a way that Steve found incredibly similar. Once again, he was reminded of how alike those two were… and once again, he completely adored that.
PLEASE leave a comment and/or kudos if you want/can!
Love you all 3000!
I just published the sequel for Still Here, Still There... it's the second part of a series, so you can find it if you search for it on my profile or even in Still Here, Still There! Hope you like that one!
For those who follow my story, I'll upload a new part tomorrow
Hope you guys love it! Remember you can always request something! Right now I have quite the requests, so if you do, it'll maybe take a while, but I'll do it nonetheless.
-Peter is Stony's biological son.
I hope you all enjoyed the chapter! I know it was sort of a filler, I promise things will move along on the next chapter, but I wanted to give you guys some Superfamily fluff. Also, a couple announcements: firstly, I'm trying to get back to the one-shots and short stories, so I'll post a new one in a few days (or weeks, depends on how fast I can write it), and secondly, I'm kinda planning on another story, but that'd be published once I finish this one or once I finish writing the new story, so I don't miss a posting day of this one. We'll see. Are you guys on board?
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you want / can!
with him, it was… easy. He was, in a way, the only thing I had left of my childhood”
Damn, this is officially the latest I've ever posted while being on the schedule.
Hey guys!
Please make sure to leave a comment! That way I know what you think of the story so far and it kind of lights up my day and the darkest of moods, so yeah. And have a good night/day, whatever you're having now!
“Which we know is a bit hard for you” Tony joked, hands threading through his son’s curls. Peter smiled weakly at that, breathing in deeply shortly after, just as if he was remembering everything that had happened.
“And I’m Abe, it’s… surreal, your Majesty” the boy murmured, clearly taken back because of her presence. Shuri just gestured for them to stand up, not feeling like keeping any protocol up - not then, not when they were that worried about Peter.
“From everyone” Peter shrugged “. But that’s not the main thing here, just what made me realize I have to talk through everything that is bothering me right now so I can heal from everything that has happened these past months”
“I think so… I… I’m sorry, Peter. For everything, for - for believing in the wrong things, for-for- I’m sorry, I-“
Anway, PLEASE comment what you thought of the chapter! I'd love to hear from you guys again, even if it is to know if you're doing okay!
I hope you all enjoyed it! PLEASE leave a comment and kudos, if you can, and I'll read you all soon! Bye, love you all!
I'm so glad you guys enjoyed the last chapter! I definitely enjoy writing some fluff, every once in a while! Now, enjoy this chapter! PS: have any of you watched the new Sabrina series? I'm obsessed omg. I'm in the middle of Episode 7 already, and it is just SOOO good!
Gosh, it had been a while since I had done a cliffhanger, I'd almost forgot how much I loved them hahahhaha
The days, however, seemed to pass by quickly, and before Peter wanted the day of the press conference had come. He’d woken up pretty soon in his room back at the Tower (in the Penthouse rather than his own floor), having chosen to stay there for the last few days to get a better mindset and to have his family close. Shuri had stayed at the Tower, too, in the Penthouse’s guest room.
PLEASE leave a comment below telling me what you thought, thank you so much for reading and leave kudos if you can/want!
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter takes another step, to be closer to his family
And the chapter is done!
Anyway, enjoy!
“Alright” Peter sighed, stopping himself from toying with the neck of his shirt, way too happy about his decision to forego a tie. He did let himself run a hand through his hair, glad when he didn’t mess it up too much “. What else do we have to talk about?”
MJ and thus, would always want her to be comfortable with herself, and happy. Always endlessly happy.
What will they discover?
How will Tony and Peter react to the news? Will it be a disaster... or everything they had ever dreamed of?
of insisting, Peter had been fed up. His Uncle Bucky had laughed at him when he’d told him, telling him how unlucky he’d been to inherit his Papa’s non-existent patience, but Peter had ignored him altogether. Especially because he was
Peter had hugged her then, unable to say anything else, and had helped her pack, putting on a mindless movie with all their favorite junk food and staying awake for as long as their exhausted minds let them. And, just before he’d fallen asleep… Peter had found himself agreeing with Shuri. She’d always be his most beautiful what if.
“We don’t know for sure” Steve confessed “, but he had a serious stab wound on his stomach… Cho told us his system was not healing him, but we don’t know why”
And if they do, there'll be consequences.
So, after a short break (which I'm sorry I did not warn anyone about), I'm back! I'm stressed, because finals and essays are just... ugh, horrible, but I had a great Holiday Season, and I could go back home and surprise my family, so that was great! Enjoy the chapter and please tell me what you think!
Natasha fully laughed at him from her seat in front of Peter, which made him jokingly frown at her. But his question had been
“Where is Peter?” She asked, her tone demanding and unforgiving, meaning she wanted just the truth “. We saw him collapse on Buck’s arms, where is he, is he okay?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter goes to the crime scene
Alright, see you on Wednesday! Love you 3000 and be safe!
“I am aware of that, too. And you see, kid, I know you so well that I
Hi guys!
As soon as the interview was done and pleasantries were exchanged Peter had left the building, only stopping briefly for some fans that had been waiting his exit for hours. Barely stopping at his place, he quickly changed into more casual clothes and grabbed his bike, aware of how late he actually was. The ride was shorter than usual, and definitely some speed laws had been probably broken, but
Ta-da! Hope you enjoyed the chapter!
I know you've noticed I've taken to only post Wednesdays now; I'll try to change it, but I also can't promise I'll make it every Saturday. Also, the next part of the one-shot I published is coming really soon, so stay tuned. Alright, enjoy this chapter!
Oops, I left you guys on a cliffhanger, sorry about that. It's been a while since I last did it, so I had to do it once more.
“Then maybe there’s a reason to it” the super soldier said, smiling too sweetly at his beloved nephew. Peter scoffed at him, a bit less playful but still some, and let Bucky move him to another station, both wordlessly agreeing to train for some time before getting to talk. Peter knew his Uncle, and he
“Not yet, but he will be soon… for which I have to say one last thing”
am i cruel for leaving the chapter here? oh yeah, you can bet i am. but what can i say, i love a good cliffhanger.
Hey! Hope you guys liked it!
Steve laughed and went to side-hug his son, ruffling his hair and exchanging looks of fondness with his husband from above the (still in their minds) kid’s head “. Petey, you sound more like Dad as time goes on. How about you start talking a bit more like me?”
Bye, love u all!
A silence that was broken shortly after by Shuri, who almost barged into the room, looking around frantically for them. Bucky was the first to react, drawing her in his arms and whispering soft nothings into her ear, trying to get her to calm down.
The Battle in New York hs just ended
(See the end of the chapter for
You can find this fic translated to Russian here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608
Peter is finally sure about his and his Dad's relationship...
Anyway, I really like the next few chapters!
(See the end of the chapter for
Bye guys, love you 3000!
See you guys soon! (actually, do you want me to upload before infinity war?) Don't forget you can suggest any idea you have.
It's been a while since I made a post in here, sorry about that! I'll try to post more... especially because I left you guys with a huge cliffhanger on the other story of this AU! Anyway, this is a prompt one of you guys told me, so I hope you guys enjoy it!
Please leave a comment to let me know what to think.... and thank you so, so much, for being the loveliest readers and for always making me feel better and for keeping this story going. It was a pleasure, can't wait to see you on the new story!
“And you’ll get better” Harley added, nodding vigorously to his own words “. We’ll all help you with that, bro”
. And I’ve realised that… much of my feelings in the past two years have just been me trying to find some ground”
“Uncle B?”Peter asked, still feeling half asleep “. Is everything okay, did something happen?”
“I do” Peter nodded “. And in those days you are quieter, and require more alone time… and usually some Papa, Uncle Sam, or me time”
if Peter went ahead and told him how separated from the rest of his family he was, and how he had stopped believing in the Avengers. All in all, it had been painfully easy to think of a plan to fight Harry, and possibly (hopefully) end all the madness… only problem? It’d been easy to
Ta-da! I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! Next one opens with a scene I really like that, actually, was supposed to be in this chapter- ultimately I decided to not put it in, because it'd make this chapter way too long.
Ahhhhhh! Hiiiiiiii!!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Which, I’m guessing, is the reason why you’re here”
Ta-da!
Hi! So, you guys convinced me to upload the last short-story as a individual work... I just posted it, so check it out! It's basically the same thing I posted here, but it has two extra-scenes at the end.
good… especially when he saw their faces when he got there.
Steve feels like he's lost everything
“Did you really think we wouldn’t come to help you out once we figured what you were trying to do?” Tony asked, mask retracting for the conversation.
Happy Holidays, everyone!
If you guys want to see something in here, you just have to tell me!
anyway, please leave a comment so i know what you guys thought of this chapter!
The rest of the group nodded, waiting with batted breathing for something else to happen, or for someone to help Peter. The video feed wasn’t the best quality, but they could still see the basics, and the basics were that Peter was getting seriously beaten up. He was trying, of course, and was doing a better job than they knew anyone could really do, but it was indeed six against one, and none of them playing fair. However, when all seemed lost…
Tony scoffed at that, muted by everyone else laughing at the exchange. The engineer pointed his finger at James, who was laughing almost hysterically at the father-son duo “. This is your doing, by the way. This has gotten from you”
Norman's dead. Norman's dead, Norman's dead, Norman's dead...
(See the end of the chapter for
Can he find some ray of hope?
“And they’d complain about it like kids” May completed, laughing fondly at the memory. It was wild to think that, out of everyone in that little family, only Peter and she were left. And still… “. And look at us now, kiddo. Now we have this big and crazy family, and now our lives are completely different”
So, now you guys have read the 'break-up' scene. For a while, it was going to be the end of the chapter, but then I preferred to have it as it is now- it's not something that can change what's happening now, so it made sense to be at that point of the chapter.
“Anyway, behave” Michelle reminded them. Peter scoffed playfully at her, making a ball with his napkin and throwing it at her, effectively hitting the journalist on the cheek. Michelle rolled her eyes at him and threw the napkin back, missing Peter’s head thanks to his quick reflexes “. Idiot” she softly laughed, sticking her tongue out at him and getting the same thing in return.
Hi guys!
Now, please, leave your comments and kudos! I really want to know if you guys are liking this story so far!
See you all at the end!
And the chapter is done!
Bam, the new chapter is done! And believe me, the next chapter is going to be insane...
Peter and Shuri are working on Wakanda when some interesting news come in...
“Yes,” Harry whispered, rocking back and forth.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was a bit short and I know it's really similar to the movie, but I wanted to keep it somehow similar- adapted to the AU, of course. Things will start to change next chapter though... and you guys will be getting Steve's pov in all of this, in a different way than the movie.
“You are capable” Peter interrupted her, catching her a bit off guard. Seeing his opportunity to explain himself a bit more, Peter grabbed Shuri’s hand as firmly as he could “, and I’ve always known you are, Shuri. This wasn’t about that, this… this was about protecting you”
Next chapter is here! Hope you guys enjoy this one, I personally really like it. Oh and btw, just a random question: what's your opinion of the GotG vol.3? Do you guys think they'll find a solution soon?
Peter nodded, looking around in the room to find his family looking back at him with reassuring smiles and warm eyes and, even when the prospect of the press conference was as terrifying as ever, Peter didn’t feel alone. Whatever happened next, he had his family to rely on… especially his Dads, who gave him one last hug, letting him go with Happy whom, of course, was going to stand beside Peter for the entirety of the conference, like he’d done for Tony all those years before “Ready, Pete?” The bodyguard asked, nudging his shoulder. Peter nodded, feeling more confident than a minute before.
Hi... so...
“Bro code, Shuri” Harley tried to defend himself, but the princess really looked like she wanted to kill him, and Flash, MJ, and Ned were slowly looking like it, too. The only persons who were looking non-threatening were Abe and Betty, but they were looking rather lost.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anyway, I hope you enjoy this chapter!
Bucky rested a hand on his shoulder when he realized Peter wasn’t reading the article anymore, squeezing it gently and with a silent question in his eyes, clearly trying to see if his nephew was okay or if it had really affected him. And, if Peter was honest, it
“Who do you think hacked the system, genius?”
Peter's confused, and he has a lot to think about, so...
“A pretty good combo if you ask me,” Tony said, getting nervous laughs from his loves. Yeah, a pretty good combo. And, Peter knew: the right one for him. At least, for the moment.
Hi guys!
No biggie, right?
So, new chapter. Things are moving along, and there's going to be a ride full of surprises, so prepare yourselves.
Bye, love you all!
[END OF SERIOUS TOPIC]
“Which brings me to the second thing we wanted to tell you,” Tony said, not letting “… we want to know what happened, Peter. As current leaders of the Avengers, sure, but also as concerned parents: we want to know everything, okay?”
“I’m using the tools my family has given me. Auntie Nat was even proud when I told her about my plans”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re right, Aunt Hottie” Tony nodded “, and we will. Doctor, can we go and see Peter?”
“I think so, too” Peter nodded, playing with the little condensation at the rim of his glass “. I know it’ll be hard and I’m not gonna lie, I’m not particularly excited about the therapist, but… I know it’s what I have to do, I know I have to start taking care of myself”
“Due to overdrive” Shuri suggested “, if he had too many injuries maybe his body was still trying to decide which one to heal first”
“What is happening?” Flash asked, horrified.
Hi guys!
PLEASE a comment and kudos, if you can't!
, and I guess… I guess I saw you in a way that wasn’t completely healthy, nor fair to you, I can see that now. And I’m sorry for that. And, I guess… losing you meant I had no ground to stand on, not an old familiar one anyway… but, in these past few months I’ve been trying to build another one, one from scratch, you know? One that can finally be
I love you all! 3000
Peter nodded, thinking his Papa’s words through. He knew, and he’d known for a while… his therapist and Uncle had been telling him for months “. I think I started fooling around with Harry because it was easy” he confessed after a while, almost managing to startle his parents; he’d been so silent “, so
Is she done with this project?”
PLEASE make sure to leave a comment and if you can/want, kudos! I always love to read what you guys thought, and it also motivates me so much!
With that being said, enjoy!
I actually don't know when I'm going to see it. I know I have it kind of hard this weekend because I have to study way too much, but idk. Also, I can't go to any cinema, because I want to watch in it's original version, not the one my country is showing in every cinema. The voiceover is awful, and so is the translate they do of the dialogues. I hate it, and I hate I still have to wait to see it, which is ironic, because I don't want to see it, either. I want all of my faves to be alive, thank you so much. Also, I feel like I'm not emotionally prepared for the movie.
“What do you mean?” Peter asked, tilting his head. MJ shrugged this time, sipping some of her own coffee before answering.
And maybe, just maybe, for the better
Please leave a comment to tell me what you thought of this chapter, and thank you so much for reading!
“Well, probably the biggest thing” Pepper confessed, snickering when she saw Peter visibly stop himself from groaning “. Peter, the new wing has been pretty successful so far… despite the postponed launch, these past few months have just proven what a genius idea this was. We have more investors interested in the wing, and most importantly… you have a meeting in Germany, right after Christmas, to discuss some possible new developments in nano-surgery. Mister Eugene Thompson will go with you, as one of the heads in that division… understood?”
“You know what day it is today” he said, taking off the protection gear and going to sit on the nearest bench. Bucky sighed and nodded, following his nephew’s actions and sitting next to him, waiting in silence for him to continue “. I just… I’d forgotten, Uncle B. I remembered last night, and just because some stupid app reminded me of a picture I took that day, so… what does it say about me?”
Anyway, please leave a comment and if you want, tell me something you want to see in this AU! Thanks for reading!
“What?” Peter asked, feigning shock “. No way!”
A little bit of a Christmas Chapter, because we're on the season! And it goes with the timeline, so yeah: fluffy chapter with Christmas!!
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s true, yeah” Abeer laughed, clapping her hands together. And hell, a lot had happened since then. Just in the last few years, Peter had put on a fake step-down scenario just to be able to stop the New Green Goblin and what the public had named as the ‘Sinister Six’. After the press conference explaining everything, the young genius had taken some time for himself, laying low and only making appearances as Spider-Man and here and there for S.I. With the launch of the new wing, he’d stepped into public light again, much better than a few months before and surer of his words while standing impossibly straighter. Since then a few years had gone by, in which the young superhero had kept proving his words in the press conference had been true. Abeer had watched how Peter kept improving the new wing, how he’d started to take the leading position in both the Avengers and S.I; she’d seen him step into the role he’d been born to play with such grace and determination it was pretty impossible to claim he wasn’t the right person to occupy the positions he was holding. Now, at twenty-eight, Peter was finally fully in charge of the Avengers Team, almost looking like he’d always hold that title, and was pretty much the sole leader of S.I, with Pepper Potts appearing less and less and letting her nephew and sort-of-protege take lead. Now, with the newest product of Peter’s beloved wing dropping, the young Stark-Rogers was doing some press, and the journalist had some questions she’d been dying to ask; it’d been a few months since she had been able to interview Peter, after all “. The new products for the wing do look incredible though, so I’m glad you’re here to talk about them”
“This is unfair!” Flash exclaimed “. It’s six against one, they’re not playing fair!”
“Sure” Shuri nodded, going back to her tea and letting Peter do the talking if he felt like so, which again Peter appreciated. The silence, however, was broken after a few minutes of them comfortably sipping they tea, when their doorbell rang, softly at first and constantly after just a few seconds “. Wait a sec, I’ll go get it, I’m sure it’ll be Bucky”
PLEASE leave a comment so I know how you feel about the chapter, and I'll see you guys soon! Don't know if I'll post on Christmas. If I don't: Happy Christmas everyone!
Steve and Bucky have a conversation
(See the end of the chapter for
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want!
“Keeping something?” MJ asked, tilting her head “. From me?”
Well... hi haha.
So...
I'm officially on summer break, and I've written a lot more! So you can count on more one-shots, and also more chapters on the third work of this AU! I think I will publish something on that story this week! Now, enjoy the chapter! Is one of my favorites, and quite the wild ride!
A.K.A: sick fluff
weird, considering he was the youngest one in the room- hell, the Vulture had been Peter’s father-in-law for one night, which was all kinds of fucking bizarre. Wait, right- focus.
Please leave a comment to tell me what you thought AND MAYBE you can tell me your favorite part) of the chapter.
Anyways, enjoy the chapter and PLEASE leave comments and kudos!
“Tony, Peter-“
Is the battle done?
Hope you guys are enjoying the story so far! Today the chapter comes a little bit sooner because I'm leaving right now and I don't know when I'm going to be back, and maybe when I do get back it's too late in the evening. So, here it is the new chapter!
“It’s about…” Peter mumbled, trying to find the right words. He then took a deep breath and looked her right in the eyes, more serious than a moment before “. It’s about the article you published a few days ago. About me, and the stunt I pulled”
See you all soon!
Peter stopped his punches then, all too aware his Uncle was actually right. Still (and yeah, maybe something he had to talk with his therapist about), the young superhero had hoped he could ignore the issue for just a bit longer.
He found his genius of a husband on Peter’s old room - even when he’d moved out of it, deciding to live one level under them, the superheroes had kept it just like it was during Peter’s teenage years - as a time capsule, maybe, or maybe as a reminder of how much Peter had felt at home there, before things had started to be messy, Steve didn’t want to think about the reason behind it too much. He, however, sat next to Tony on the bed, lovingly embracing his husband to both feel calmer, and make Tony feel like so, too.
So, I know... a little bit of a cliffhanger. Oops haha. Just a quick note: Peter finding the folder does not mean he finds his parents. Just for you guys to know...
Anyway, enjoy the chapter!
“Kind of” Peter nodded “. I had to talk to you about something that bothered me a bit, just because I want to go into this next phase of my life with everything on the table, I guess. I kept something big for years, and I don’t want to do that ever again, not to that, not to anything”
Alright bye!
Hope you guys liked it, next one is one I really like! By the way, I saw Endgame again on Thursday and omg it's more amazing every time you watch it!
Sorry, cause I ended it with a little bit of a cliffhanger again... lol. Hope you guys loved it.
“And” the genius kept going, completely ignoring his Uncle “, she didn’t reveal any big secrets that, for a fact, I know she knows. Trust me, I’m fine”
Love you all 3000!
“So you admit it” he said, crossing his arms over his chest. The superhero groaned and tried not to think about how much fun his Uncle Bucky was going to make of him when he found out how terribly Peter had failed (and he was gonna find out, Peter didn’t even doubt it).
(See the end of the chapter for
Bye, love you all 3000!
Well, hi ...  (please don't kill me)
(See the end of the chapter for
“I didn’t want you to” Peter immediately said “, nor I wanted you to do that. I understand it was a good opportunity, and you know I believe you could be one of the best journalists this city has, if not the best”
“I think I’ll be fine” Peter murmured “, or… I hope I’ll be fine. But for now, it just… it hurts, Buck”
Hi again!
And Tony has an epiphany
The end!
After the news break...
Enjoy this chapter, I really enjoyed writing it! Also, there's a new one-shot in the other work in this AU! A little Spideychelle for you all!
You can find this fic translated to Russian here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608
“Which is driving you
“Not a normal life, not be a normal worker with a mediocre salary, not normal friends, or a normal partner… and of course, dear son,
Anyway, enjoy it! It's a filler chapter, I have to admit, but filled with fluff!
Alright, enjoy!
Ned hummed, thinking his best bro’s words over for a couple of minutes “. I want double what I’m making at my current company” he finally said. Harley scoffed at his words, laying back in the couch while he crossed his arms across his chest.
for the moment, enjoy this chapter!
“Well, we agree on one thing,” Harry said, clearly not bothered by the pieces of furniture that were still on fire and walking around them “, this ends tonight. The thing you’re not realizing yet, Parker, is that it’s not ending the way you think it is, or want to”
” Bucky said, ignoring his nephew’s interruption and effectively shutting him up “. Every year since it’d happened, and since I was conscious enough to remember what day it was, I kept tormenting myself with it, almost getting sick over it, and that wasn’t healthy”
“Do you think that could be us?” Michelle asked, raising one eyebrow in doubt. It had taken Peter to say it for her to realize that, well… maybe she had already been thinking of them like that. But it made sense, didn’t it? They worked together
“Of course, Spidey” Bucky smiled, running off to help Clint defeat Scorpio and leaving Peter with Harry, who was coughing on the ground, trying to regain his breath.
“Shut it, I didn’t get the chance to have breakfast yet” The journalist laughed, sticking her tongue out at Peter. Said man just snickered and let her do, playing with the lid of his coffee “. Now seriously, Pete, how are you doing?”
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want!
Please let me know what you think about this chapter, and thank you so much for reading!
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Exactly. Harry, I
I hope you guys enjoyed! I know it was shorter than usually, but I've been busy this week. Next week the chapters will be longer, and angst will return, don't you worry!!
And... hi again lol.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Calm down,” Shuri told him - trying to calm herself down as well. She knew she was capable enough to go and fight alongside Peter, knew she could figure something out and go help her best friend. However, she also remembered Bucky’s words, and she knew she had to trust the super-soldier “. I’m sure the Avengers will do something soon, they wouldn’t leave Peter fighting alone”
Peter talks to Michelle and Ned
btw, i'll try to answer the comments asap, i promise! just remember i love you all, and really appreciate you!
However, as tired as he could be, Peter also knew how much he couldn’t give Spider-Man up. He knew that those feelings came with the job, that they were valid and something he had to go through, but… it was worth it. Everything was worth it when the price was the safety of an entire city, and sometimes world and even Universe… it was worth it for the safety and happiness of his loved ones. So, even though Peter
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
I hope you enjoyed the chapter... what's coming next is some of my favorite stuff in this whole series, so be prepared.
If someone has doubts:
hurt… and none of them knew if it wasn’t too late for something to be done.
Ta-da!
reckless - although, knowing Peter as well as she did she didn’t know why she hadn’t, really.
“Maybe we should do so” the Captain murmured “because we both know whatever’s happening has Harry Osborn written all over it”
May knows. Oh God, she knows.
“Shuri’s right” Michelle agreed “, they have to do something”
“Because your spider self doesn’t like the cold, I know”
Thanks for reading, bye!
, because I needed to focus on fighting Harry and keep those I care about away from him”
The other two villains smiled to his words and nodded, so soon they were on their way, with Scorpio being carried by the Vulture and Harry flying on the hoverboard his Dad had made, all those years back. When they finally arrived at their destination, Vulture got one of his alien weapons and… boom. Shot right into May Parker’s apartment, creating an explosion that quickly put the place on fire. Harry smiled, pleased, and flew until he could get inside, mask protecting him from inhaling anything too toxic. And then… he froze.
Not gonna lie, I'm not sorry for this cliffhanger either, it was too good of an opportunity haha. I really hope you enjoyed this chapter, btw, I was nervous about posting it.
You can find this fic translated to Russian here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608
“Cool”
“Which is still a feat” Peter pointed out “. Besides, they were great leaders when the situation required of so”
Michelle sighed and did as told, taking a couple of minutes to do so. And then, she understood Peter’s point, just like he understood hers “. It’d suck, as much as I would be aware this is just your job”
PLEASE let me know what you thought of this chapter, and also who you want to be in the 'New' Team!
FREAKING
“Still, Peter. I should’ve approached it in a different way, I should’ve acted as the parent and the mature one”
Peter nodded and let her go, frowning when the Princess was not coming back to their living room. He left the ice tea on the coffee table and went to see what was going on, stopping dead on his tracks when he realized Shuri was talking to Peter’s friends - Ned, Flash, Harley, and… MJ.
Oh my God, has anybody seen the Spiderman: Far From Home trailer? It was insanely good! And there were so many moments that just straight up made me tear up. If you haven't seen it and want to, go ahead! It's really good!
Peter huffed, punching one of the pads Bucky was offering with maybe a bit too much force, if the scoff his Uncle gave him was anything to go by “. As if you don’t have an idea already”
I love writing some Shuri/Peter in here. What's their ship name, does anyone know it? If so let me know!
it was right, he knew he had to do it - his father deserved so, deserved someone revenging his death, fighting for what was fair and for justice (justice for Norman… justice for Harry, even). And, even though a small part of him was eating him alive with guilt, with sorrow at the idea of killing the one person who had made him feel like he was about to explode with happiness - Harry knew it had to be done. His father had made sure to remind him of exactly that for way too long for Harry to forget about it just now.
Second, which days do you guys prefer for me to upload? Because, I usually do it Tuesdays and Saturdays, but I get a lot more of reviews on Tuesdays lmao, so... if you guys can tell me which days do you prefer, I'd appreciate it so much. Thanks in advance!
Hi! Sorry for the delay, I'm on a trip and it's hard to post sometimes...
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you guys for reading, love you all! Bye!
Anyways, PLEASE leave comments and kudos! They motivate me so freaking much
Also, the Avengers have a reunion... and a pretty important one
“Well, I don’t think she’s done with it, no” Peter replied, a soft smile never leaving his face “. Shuri and I will keep working together, we love it too much to just drop it… but, you know, given the circumstances she had to move back to Wakanda as her people truly need her right now, and, along with being a genius, one of the most gifted I’ve had the pleasure to work with actually, she’s also a dedicated Princess to her people. Now they need her, and the fact is that she has spent some years here in the States, so we both know it’s time she goes back. But she’s not done with S.I, no, or this wing. She will keep being a collaborator, no intention of changing that”
Hi guys!
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
, even if that will hurt us. Understood?”
Bye, love y'all 3000!
Peter and Bucky have been with the trainings for a few weeks, so...
Omg hiiii!
“Uncle B, I’m serious. It sucks to know there are articles questioning what I’m doing, but we knew there were gonna be a few of them, didn’t we? Hell, I’m sure this one isn’t even the first to be published after my little show in the press conference”
hey, so... *hides* please don't kill me!
But, how would Tony and Peter react to such news?
Thank you so much for reading, PLEASE leave a comment and kudos, if you can!
“I do” Bucky agreed “, but I thought your therapist made a point about communication”
Hi again! I hope you guys enjoyed the last chapter! As you saw, lots of things still have to happen and be solved. Soon, I promise.
... and finally, the villains talk.
And now Peter understood some of his Uncle’s words. He needed to trust his parents, and he needed to let go of the past, of everything he’d done wrong - harsh truth was that he could not change anything that had happened as much as he could hate that; the key was to learn how to live with it, and even grow from and with it. He guessed it was similar to what his parents had gone through when giving him up (vaguely similar, but maybe a little bit), knowing there was no way of changing what had happened, knowing the only option for them was to move forward and hope their decision had been the right one.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bye guys!
Hi! Sorry it took me a while to upload the second chapter, Uni keeps me busy. But now that we're all confined to our homes to keep CoronaVirus from spreading I'll definitely have more time.
I hope you guys liked this chapter- extra long to try to make up for the no-chapter Saturday.
I actually don't know when I'm going to see it. I know I have it kind of hard this weekend because I have to study way too much, but idk. Also, I can't go to any cinema, because I want to watch in it's original version, not the one my country is showing in every cinema. The voiceover is awful, and so is the translate they do of the dialogues. I hate it, and I hate I still have to wait to see it, which is ironic, because I don't want to see it, either. I want all of my faves to be alive, thank you so much. Also, I feel like I'm not emotionally prepared for the movie.
hours meeting, I deserve some days without one”
So, I'm sorry for not posting on Wednesday. To be honest, the chapter was almost done then, but I wasn't in the right mind space. Long story short, I had four dogs - one that's really old, a dog that was not a puppy yet still young, and two puppies (who are kind of 'twins'). On Monday morning, one of my dogs (the one who was five) unexpectedly died. She was a healthy dog, had had an epilepsy problem when she was younger, but the vet had told us it probably meant nothing. Now I'm thinking it did, but the problem with it was that in the majority of cases it's not confirmed until it's too late. Again, we don't know if it was that, and with the current times, we are not going to know either, which- duh. It's not like it's necessary, we can't do anything for her. Still, I was devastated- still am. I am very, very close to my pets, and I love them all with my whole heart. I've raised them all since they were puppies just born, so... yeah, it's been pretty fucking hard these past few days. Today I started to write again, and it felt nice. Anyhow, I'm sorry for this rant. Love you all, and enjoy the chapter.
Anyway, PLEASE comment what you thought of the chapter and leave kudos if you can/want!
“I rested,” Shuri said as the only explanation. Peter nodded at her words, knowing just how stubborn the princess could be, and looked at his Aunt once again, clearly knowing she was there for a reason - and most likely, not a good one. Pepper sighed and handed the now turned-on tablet to Peter.
Then, Tony and Steve have another one
“And you’re full of crap” Peter replied - admittedly, not one of his best comebacks, but it’d do “. I should’ve known from the beginning you were nothing but full of it”
Tony's plan starts...
“Anyway… Ned, I’m so sorry, but… this thing could have happened. It has happened before without me interfering, and you know that. But you know how it would never happen again?”
to see the joke that the Avengers are, how self-centered they are, how selfish. I’m tired of them getting applause and recognition for saving people, and yet do nothing about what they leave behind. They destroy everything and then justify it by saying they’re
Not too much to know, just the usual: Peter is their biological son, Stony doesn't know about their son being a superhero and overprotective Bucky. Hurt!Peter because you guys asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve and the others want to go back to their family
Oh my goooood! My best friend pulled through and came with me to see IW when I asked him! I saw it yesterday and I'm still kind of in shock.
Okay, that was all haha. On with the chapter!
The ship's out of control
Ned nodded and then stopped for a minute, staring at Peter’s face for a long second before a look of realization crossed his face. And then he was gasping, pointing an accusing finger towards the genius of the group “. Oh my Norwegian Gods you did it!”
Now, here's the chapter!
What will Tony do?
“I can’t leave him” Peter cried out, getting closer to Harry and resting a hand on his shoulder “. Harry? Harry, can you hear me? It’s okay, it’s gonna be okay, I…”
, I have to give you everything done, make you see the
Oh my God, hiiii!
I literally just came home and I'm uploading this and going to sleep haha. Enjoy!
A quick upload to announce the sequel is up and invite you guys to go and read it! You can click on the next work of this series... or search for it in my profile! It's called There's Still Fight, There's Still Hope! Hope you all enjoy!
Please be safe, and take care! I love you all 3000!
Ta-da! We're done with this chapter as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
... and who knows how things will end
Hi guys!
-He has spent two years away from home, to try to protect his family.
Hi guys!
Hope you enjoyed this short story!
Hi guys!
“And a good feeling”
) arriving at the scene. Iron Man had tackled Green Goblin, and Captain America was helping Spider-Man stand up. They talked for a bit, and then Iron Man and Captain America went to help other members of the Avengers, and Peter went back to fighting Harry. The cameras followed the other heroes for a moment, but soon enough they focused on Spider-Man and Green Goblin again.
I'll try to post the next part soon, but it depends on how my next finals goes, and if I have time to post here in the meantime.
enjoy!
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi, hey.... don't hate me. I know I ended it in a cliffhanger, so, don't come at me: I know it.
Hi beautiful people!
Soooo I know this was DRAMATIC. But what can I say, I love drama. Before any os you asks, YES, this story has more than one part. Possibly three, actually. So, don't kill me just yet and just tell me what you thought hehe.
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
Please make sure to leave a comment so I know what you think of the story so far! Every time I feel down I read one of your comments and feel better!
And is he going to keep searching?
Love you all 3000!
Now Ned was in S.I, working with Harley in the same department and the four of them having at least two weekly meetings to develop some new products for the wing. Given the huge progress they’d done in just a few months, Peter was feeling pretty good about the future of S.I.
Bye, love you all 3000!
“As long as it is in New York”
As I said, I was having a week off, and so I wanted to write a few chapters in those free days. But, as much as I wanted to, this week I had due numerous projects, and two tests. As I'm sure you can all understand, I have to prioritize my studies before anything else. And so, I decided that I'm taking a week off, but from here.
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want!
Steve and Tony have agreed to co-parent, but, will it work?
still, i really hope you guys enjoyed the penultimate chapter of this story!
It's the last one! Hope you all enjoyed this mini-story as much as I did.  I want to know what you thought about it, but first, let's read the chapter. Enjoy!
... okay, so, don't kill me, I love you guys!
“And to be honest, these last couple of years… they’ve been great, but we both knew it was not going to last forever. I’m still Wakanda’s Princess, I can’t just permanently move out to another country”
And the chapter is done!
Thank you so much for reading!
Peter’s just like him- you do, don’t you?”
“At least” Steve agreed again “. Maybe even more”
Hi! Sorry, I know it's a little bit late, but I got home now from visiting Niagara Falls with a few friends. I'd already been there with my family, but it was fun to go again with friends, lmao. If you go, try to do the boat attraction. It's the best thing, I swear.
PLEASE leave a comment so I know what you guys thought!
Hi! So, a couple of things:
(See the end of the chapter for
hey guys!
The ex-assassin smiled at the sight of his nephew awake and looking infinitely better than before. He knew Peter was okay, Tony and Steve had assured him so, but to see Peter actually conscious and sort of smiling was much more reassuring.
Tony and Steve had been way too far from their son when the battle had ended, although conscious enough to know what was happening - they knew they had to get to their kid as soon as possible, especially after FRIDAY confirmed Tony of Harry’s passing. For when they could do so, they located Peter in Bucky’s arms, trying to fight him off and screaming in pain. They ran towards them as fast as they could but, not even six feet away from both, Peter went limp in Bucky’s arms. The look of worry in the super soldier’s face was enough to make the husbands sick with worry as well.
we worked amazing together, and you know I’m capable enough. You’ve seen me fight, I’ve helped you before - hell, Peter, we were fighting in the same war. Granted, it was in completely different environments, and I spent the major part of the battle trying to help Vision, but still, it is very offensive for you to think I’m not capable-“
“Well, we wanted to see you before our crazy family abducts you,” Tony said, saying what Peter had already guessed “. Shuri told us you were doing okay, but… once Papa Bears, always Papa Bears”
To be quite honest, Peter had talked to Shuri about his feelings only a couple of months after his birthday, when things were clearer in his head and when he knew the words he’d spoken with his parents were truer than ever. Shuri had taken them okay, admitting her own feelings were confusing… and that had been it for a long while, pretty much until she’d told him she had to move back to Wakanda.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi guys!
“So, how was the mission?” Peter asked, more curious than anything else. His Uncles snickered and exchanged looks for a moment, silently deciding on what to tell the genius.
“So let me get this straight” the princess said, eerily calm “. You know what’s happening with Peter but don’t want to say because Peter’s your surrogate brother, is that it?”
with), and knowing he had no time to think about that, not really. This was his one chance to make everything worth it, and a stupid suit was not keeping him from that.
Hope you enjoy!
Today I'm posting on time! To be honest, I thought I was going to be able to write more these past few days, but ever since I came back home I've been so incredibly busy. I also decided to include some scenes, so that changed the chapters a little bit.
PLEASE tell me in the comments what you thought, and IMPORTANT question now: do you want Peter to end up with Shuri, or with Michelle? Answer down below!
“Okay, Peter” Steve answered for his husband “. But remember what we’ve told you, alright? There’s no need to hide your feelings, or to pretend you’re okay when you’re not. This family has been through enough, so it is time we are all honest with each other”
Hi guys!
“Is that… is that a knife poking out of Green Goblin’s chest?” Betty asked, horrified. MJ slowly nodded, too shocked to do anything else, just like everyone else. But alas, Betty had seen the end of Green Goblin, who soon enough lost his mask, being exposed then as Harry Osborn to the world. They saw Peter cradling Harry in his arms until it looked like the man had passed, and then continuing to rock them both, clearly distraught and out of himself with pain by it.
Surprise! I decided to be super very nice and upload this today! I finished, so that's cool haha
And the chapter is done!
Hope you enjoy this chapter! Is one of my favorites yet! Also, I really like the next one!
Wow, this is it. It doesn't feel like the end because there's gonna be a sequel, and the work with the one-shots, but it's a bit bittersweet. I just wanted to say thank you for letting me entertain you, in a way, and for reading me. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
And something interesting happens
“Okay” Peter nodded “, then maybe we can do it tomorrow, I-“
“Why would I?” He asked then “. I have everything I need in New York. My life’s here… my Dads, May, Bucky, the rest of the family, Spider-Man… you and Ned, and Flash and Harley. My whole life is in New York, and after everything I’ve been through I can’t give that up”
Peter wanted to do something - get up and keep fighting, even if he could barely do it for too much longer. And then… then everything changed when someone tackled Green Goblin to the ground and-
Steve knows he's into a huge mess, but he also knows he has to help Bucky.
As for Peter’s mental health, it was getting there. After cleaning things up and knowing Harry was not going to be hated on eternally, Peter had felt a lot more at peace. Therapy had of course helped; it’d been slow at first, frustrating on both sides, but slowly Peter had learned to open up, had learned to speak up his mind in ways he had never done. His parents had gone with him to a few sessions, if anything to help him and talk things through and, even when things were still not totally okay, they were a whole lot better - especially between Peter and his Dads.
So, I hope no one read my note at the beginning and then pictured Harry as Darren Criss here haha. I've seen way too much Starkid in the last two days, it's almost unhealthy.
As always, thank you so much for reading, see you soon! Bye!
If any of you want to see a scene/one shot/short story in particular you just have to tell me! I'm open to requests.
Also, a quick disclaimer: I have a flight on Wednesday, so if the chapter is posted later than usual, that's why! sorry if it indeed happens, I'll try to be on time!
Anyway, this chapter is also fluff! I know, I know, I've been giving you a lot of fluff lately... it must be the season, I guess.
Sorry for the little delay; it was my birthday and I was out celebrating. Enjoy the chapter and leave a comment as a present (lol)!
. Now he had to see if it was easy to accomplish. For the moment, Bucky was in his (real) secret apartment, much closer to the Tower than the one Peter was sure was being attacked, ready to go whatever his nephew told him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not helping, dude”
“Not good” she admitted “. You know Peter, Pepper… he’s going to bottle up his feelings, try to convince us he’s completely okay”
“Now… I heal, I guess” the young superhero shrugged “. I’m not going to lie, this… this is going to take a while. I feel… I feel exhausted, guys. These past few months have put me through a lot, and I just…”
Also, he receives a text that makes him remember not so happy times...
“Do you think he writes these things beforehand?”
“I’m just saying” he kept saying “,
“Well, if it was anyone else I would say to keep it from him for a while,” Cho said, shrugging her one shoulder “, but with him being Peter it’s better if you’re honest with him… if not he will be more agitated”
It could’ve been five minutes, or maybe an hour, until Peter felt Shuri hugging him from behind while resting her cheek on his shoulder. They let the silence last for a couple of minutes longer, until the Princess squeezed his sides and moved to go and sit on the couch, Peter following her only a moment after.
Still, it meant that three years since Peter had lost Harry he felt like he was finally ready to find someone and settle down. He was in no rush in any type of way, but it was something that was present in his mind. After all, he was around the same age Steve had been when he’d gotten together with Tony, and that was something
Peter has a lot to think about after having coffee with Harry...
(See the end of the chapter for
Sorry for the late uptade- yes, I know it's Halloween, but I'm a college student, dude. I had too much homework to finish, lmao. Plus, I'm European, and at least in my country, we don't care about Halloween that much. So, even though I'm living in America 'til December, I think I can live without the Halloween craziness haha.
“Are you sure, P?” She asked, just to be sure. Peter sighed, nodding despite every fiber of his being telling him he wasn’t ready for anything like that.
“Shut it” Peter huffed, nudging Shuri’s shoulder teasingly. The princess smiled in return and both stayed in comfortable silence for a few minutes, until Peter had to know “. So… how are things over at the Tower? Do I have to expect any family freakouts?”
Also, you guys get more Spideychelle flashbacks
PLEASE leave comments and tell me what you thought of the chapter, and leave a suggestion for the new team name! I'll use the best one!
About the chapter, I don't have that much to say, except: enjoy. And please, don't be afraid of leaving a comment about what you think it's gonna happen next! I love reading those.
“Yeah, a few months before” Peter nodded “. We got so close at first because May and Ben left me with the Leeds every time they needed to do some paperwork. Turns out, getting custody of your adopted nephew while sorting through every legal thing you have to do once someone dies it’s… a bit complicated. But, that isn’t my point. Harry and Ned were not the same. They’re not now, either”
Dear God, I've done it. Two cliffhangers in two chapters... well, sorry hehe.
Gosh, I landed not two hours ago haha, but I'm at the hotel now and I have wifi, so I can post! I'm writing the final two chapters, almost done with 65 (this one is technically the 64), and I'm kind of emotional. Not so much because I'm doing the sequel, but wow... it's been an amazing ride. Anyway, enjoy! (PS: the chapter is kinda long, hehe)
Something has entered the atmosphere
Hope you like this one. This whole chapter is a flashback!
“Honey, maybe it’s better if you rest first” Steve suggested, only wanting his son to feel better “, you can tell us later, okay?”
Well... that's it. For now.
“You two are” Peter pointed out “. I’m just getting started”
(See the end of the chapter for
I hope you guys enjoyed today's chapter. Next Saturday another one, I promise.
Harry only scoffed, not wanting to admit Peter was right, and kept trying to fight the superhero off of him, even more desperately now. And maybe that was the reason, maybe Harry was desperate enough it made Peter too distracted, too worried in trying to make Harry listen to him, trying to save him, even if it was just his life - whatever it was, Peter didn’t see a new threat coming… didn’t see Harry moving his arm so it was under Peter’s abdomen, didn’t see the knife that appeared out of his glove. He, however, felt it pierce through his suit and his skin and muscle, until the bottom of the knife was against his abs, deep in him. It made him stop; made Harry stop as well, maybe too surprised he’d actually done it - and sadly pulling the knife out as well. Peter felt his system almost shutting down, almost going into overdrive to try to heal itself, and he knew he had to finish the whole thing soon, or he’d be meeting his end, just like Harry had tried to say before. The superhero pushed through, gathering every little strength he had, and threw Harry away, putting a hand on his stomach to stop the blood and ignoring Karen frantically telling him to call for back up and fly immediately to the med bay. Instead, he surged at Green Goblin, surprising him by doing it, punching Harry with every little strength he had until he was back on the ground, this time panting more heavily, trying to attack Spidey once again. The knife came out of his glove again, but this time Spider-Man saw it.
“It really is” Bucky nodded “, and I’m so proud of you, James. Now… is it okay if I let Shuri into the room? She’s been sick with worry”
I'm really trying to get back to my posting schedule! With finals, it'll be a bit more difficult, but I'll try! Thank you for enduring this, you're the best!
(See the end of the chapter for
Now that it has been stated Peter's gonna be trained by Bucky...
After this I've been working on a one shot. I still have to finish it, but I don't have a lot left. I don't know when I'm going to upload it, because this week everyone is going to be focusing on Infinity War, myself included.
“What Harley means” Flash intervened, discreetly clipping the back of Harley’s head “, is that in S.I FRIDAY always has our work saved, so even if some klutz deletes some of it, she has a copy. That way no work is truly lost”
-He hasn't talked to them in over two years.
Read you on Wednesday!
Hi guys!
Now, enjoy the chapter! See you at the end of it!
And maybe Tony and Steve have their own suspicions...
So, I want to be fair: There'll always be a chapter on Wednesday, but I can't promise you guys there'll be one every Saturday, because sometimes I don' have enough time. I apologize in advance
Alright, please leave a comment so I can know what you guys thought of this chapter! For those who read my short story, I'll try to have chapter 5 up this week!
“And I didn’t mean that, Michelle. I guess… well, what they say, right? Right person, wrong time”
“Right… but you don’t want to force it” Michelle completed for him, understanding Peter’s point. Peter nodded to her words, smiling almost timidly at her and, just then (and to her surprise) MJ felt like a weight had been lifted off of her shoulders, because… Peter was right. They were putting pressure on their relationship, expecting their break up to break, expecting them to realize something that neither of them had a clue about, and it just wasn’t right. They hadn’t worked because of personal reasons, and neither had resolved any of those. If they wanted a healthy relationship (any type of it), they had to heal individually first, figure themselves out first… that was the only way “. I think you’re right, Peter… we’ve been doing this wrong for a long time, and… I don’t want us to break to a point we can’t come back from. So… I agree. From now on, we’re friends, without any type of expectation” she finished, holding out her hand for Peter to shake. The genius of the two smiled big and sincere and nodded, shaking her hand in his, which made Michelle lean forward and kiss Peter’s lips for a moment, soft and gentle, smiling when he kissed back immediately. It felt different, like a promise. They knew then things were, ultimately, going to be okay “. If it’s okay, I’ll leave now” she murmured after the kiss was broken “. I’m sure your Dads will send a search party if you’re not in the Tower in the next twenty minutes”
So, what's the plan now?
“But I made it” the genius pointed out “. It was a bad stab wound, and the blade being poisoned definitely scared us all, but I’m here, okay? I think that’s the important part”
Peter forced himself out of bed, showering before going back to the kitchen to drink some coffee, aware of his inability of eating anything at all. The young genius went back to his room before anyone else could go to the kitchen to try to convince him to have some solid breakfast, changing into one suit he knew he looked good in and wasn’t too uncomfortable. He kept it a bit informal, choosing to forego a tie, and carefully styled his hair, choosing to focus on his grooming to stop himself from obsessing over other things.
Ta-da! I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter!
Hi! So, I got wifi! Really happy about that. And I found time to upload, so, yay!
“Hi, Shuri. Is Peter awake?” The redhead asked, shaking her head towards her nephew’s room. Shuri nodded, eyeing the tablet Pepper carried with mixed emotions - she seriously hoped the businesswoman wasn’t there to make Peter work, but she also knew the world wasn’t perfect. She had to remember, too, that Pepper had been one of the few people to know about Peter’s crazy plan, so maybe it had something to do with it.
(See the end of the chapter for
And... I am devastated. It's been some days since Stan Lee left us, but it is heartbreaking. I found out while in class because one friend from my home country sent me a screenshot she'd seen of the news about Stan. At first, I couldn't believe it, so I took to twitter and when I saw it was true... it's still hard to believe. Like, you can of expect him to be always there, you know? Deep down we all knew this day was going to come, and we all knew Stan had health issues, but it's... well, heartbreaking. Mister Lee, thank you so much for all you've given us. I can't think of a way we can repay you but thank you for letting us dream and see ourselves in the amazing characters you brought to life. We'll be always grateful.
“He did” Bucky nodded “, but sometimes life is not the way we want it, Peter”
Please tell me what you thought of this, and also: some lovely reader asked me if I was gonna do FFH here. I don't know just yet, but what do you guys think? Should I? Thanks for reading, by the way.
Hey there
So anyway, I'll see you guys at the finale! This Saturday, if nothing changes! Love you all 3000!
“And we’re glad to hear it” Tony murmured. Peter smiled at him and snuggled closer to his Dad.
be there. I love you all, even if you annoy the shit out of me sometimes”
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
Just a clarification:
Time has come, and Peter has to tell the truth
Shuri had nodded, grabbing Peter’s hand after a short hesitation before daring to speak “. It’s been a long time since we spoke about this” she’d said “, and I know things have changed. You saw other people, I saw other people, but… we still were there for each other, still cared, so… I need to ask you this, Peter. Do you still have feelings for me?”
“Time has flown by so incredibly fast, hasn’t it?” The blond smiled, hugging Tony tighter “. And it hasn’t always been easy, we know that for sure, but it’s been worth it. Nothing I’ve ever done has been as worthy as this”
However, the other day I just had this idea that wouldnt get out of my head, so I thought: bah, just write it down. And, here we are. I really hope you guys like it, but, something quick:
It did so even more when, only ten minutes after coming into the room Peter started to come to, breaths quicker than before and starting to move his limbs just as if he was still fighting someone. Steve moved so he was at the other side of the bed, and then Tony and he put each a hand on one of Peter’s shoulders, gently pressing their kid to the bed.
“I know, Dad” Peter smiled “, I never thought you did. And I just… I don’t know what to feel. I knew this was inevitable, I knew Harry was not going to accept defeat, I just…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“On it” both his parents said, immediately taking off. Spider-Man limped until he was next to Bucky, resting a hand on his shoulder.
you come back from a mission”
“Point is” Doctor Octopus interrupted them “, that has been broken, and we’ve successfully made him quit”
“The news looked horrible,” Flash said, breaking the ice “. It was sort of terrifying, Peter… we just saw you bleed out, we thought you were going to die. What happened?”
PLEASE leave a comic and kudos if you can/want! Thank you!
(also, there's a reference in there to something. let's see if someone can catch it)
oh God
“You mean having a panic attack?” Steve asked, frowning at just the thought of his son suffering even more. Cho shrugged, not completely sure of it, yet fearing it’d be true.
Hi guys!
The Universe only laughed at him. He hated it.
And Tony has had an idea
The last part of this short story is here. I'm already working on the next, which will have two parts (I've already finished the first one!), and, ladies and gentlemen... I'm finally doing the Field Trip. I'm nervous as hell about it lmao, but I hope you guys enjoy it. Anyway, that's the next chapter! Enjoy this one
“Not well” he confessed “, but I think I will be. Eventually”
May smiled warmly at him, cupping the side of his face to kiss the side of his head affectionately “. Of course it is, tough guy. Something being different doesn’t necessarily mean it’s bad, just… different. Just life changing, and… that has a beauty of itself. The beauty of growing up, no matter what age you are”
Bucky has offered Peter something really amazing...
So, with that newfound (sort of) knowledge, Peter had managed to sleep a few hours,
Hi guys!
(See the end of the chapter for
May meets the rest of the family
“Sure” Bucky nodded, at least agreeing with him at that “, but-“
What happens now?
“Definitely more” Tony said, agreeing with his boys, too “. But I’m glad we’re past those insane days”
Please tell me what you thought of this chapter, so I can know if you guys like this story. I really liked the idea of putting Flash in here, and show how much he changed. Also, there's still another kind of familiar character that you guys haven't seen yet... give them a week or two haha
It's been a while, huh? God, I'm so sorry for taking this long, but I sort of needed to take a step back. Truth is, the pandemic was truly overwhelming and messed my already unstable mental health even more... I started to write for fun and to disconnect, and sadly I stopped writing as much in this fic. It didn't help, either, that I simply wasn't happy with the ending I had decided on... it felt rushed, and not genuine. It didn't felt right, you know?
And, please, don't get it wrong: this story will continue, but it'll be next week. Thank you all so much, love u all!
So, I'm sorry for being so inconsistent these past few weeks. Finals are still kicking my butt, but I'm done with them next Monday (hopefully), so I'll have more time. Also, there was a reason why I didn't post on Wednesday, despite having almost all of the chapter written. It is a serious topic, so if someone really feels triggered by it, enjoy the chapter!
What will his decision be?
“Maybe” Peter conceded “, or maybe not. I told Michelle, right after the Sinister Six, that I didn’t want us to be that same concept… because it put too much pressure on us, because it was not fair for everyone else that could be involved with us. It was, in a way, refraining ourselves from exploring the world. So we decided to forego that concept”
I know I left you guys with a cliffhanger, but well... I'm evil like that.
Omg it's done!
“You didn’t” Peter argued, frantically shaking his head “, you’re seeing much clearer now, aren’t you?”
“On doing it for the people’s behalf” Norman mocked “. Me, Norman Osborn, the one who shaped the technological world before Peter’s sorry excuse of a Dad decided to take over, to corrupt our world and fill it with nonsense. And you
“Nothing will” Steve murmured, but he himself hated how little of a promise it felt like.
So thanks for reading, by the way, and I'll see you guys in the next chapter! Don't forget to leave a comment! Also, do you guys like Wednesday and Saturday as posting days, or should I change them? Love you all 3000!
Peter opened his mouth in surprise, although he was quick to close it. Damn, Abeer had gotten him with that one. In the last three years he had dated, although extremely casual and never intending to do something else than getting to have fun with the person. And it’d been fun, no strings attached and just wanting to spend some time with someone outside of his circle; it had never grown to something more, nor had Peter wanted to, but it’d been
You guys had to see this one coming, especially because I didn't have any cliffhangers on my last chapter. Muahahhaha! God, I love going back to drama and ansgt.
PLEASE leave a comment with your answer, and telling me what you thought of the chapter! Also, leave kudos if you can/want!
So, a little bit later than usual, but here is the next chapter! My apologies, I didn't realize it was this late! Enjoy the chapter, and see you at the end!
So things were not great. His body hurt like crazy, having been hit more times than Peter could count, burned from a few spots in particular (which he tried to not think about) and was starting to have a little trouble breathing - and it wasn’t even half-done, not even one of the villains having been defeated. For the first time, the genius really thought he could actually be defeated. So, once Doctor Octopus used one of his arms to throw him against a near building, Peter couldn’t help but stay down for a second too long, ribs burning with pain.
By that point, sunrise was almost peeking at the horizon, and Shuri was sleeping against Bucky, who had a sleeping Sam in his other shoulder. May and Happy were also sleeping, resting against each other and more worried about their nephew than for their lost apartment. Tony and Steve, however, were some of the heroes still awake, like Bucky all too worried to even think about resting their eyes.
So, let me tell you this, guys: something amazing happened to me on Monday. I met Sebastian Stan. So, as you guys probably know, I'm studying away from my home for a few months, in Toronto actually. I'd heard Seb was gonna be here for TIFF, and I thought about meeting him, but at the same time I was like: there's not a chance, c'mon. But on Monday a friend of mine decided to go to Toronto to try to meet Ryan Gosling. Sadly, we didn't meet him, but I found out the premiere for Destroyer was the same day, in a close place. So, I convinced my friend and went there. The premiere was kind of late, it was raining and chilly. We were standing across the street from the theatre, and when Seb got out of the car the fans were pure madness. He was the only actor who started taking pics with people and hugging the fans that were too nervous, and then the Papi Chulo crossed the freaking street to meet the fans that were waiting for him (including me!). He was super nice, and he thanked us for being there a lot of times. It was amazing. He's prettier in person and smells super nice and he's truly one of the sweetest human beings I've ever met. And I have a pic with him, which is awesome. So yeah, just wanted to tell you guys that we Stan the right man: the only actor who took the time to cross the street, take a pic and thank the fans. Gosh, what an angel.
Tada! The chapter ended on a good note, but don't be fooled: there's a bit more angst before being finished with this story!
(See the end of the chapter for
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want!
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can /want!
So this is it
“You were not in control of what happened, Uncle B” Peter reminded him “. It wasn’t your fault”
Ned saw him a moment after, smile softly breaking his face in two, although out of respect for Shuri (or probably fear), who was blocking his way, he didn’t step inside the place “. Pete! Dude, I’ve been dying to see you!”
Hi guys!
Peter rolled his eyes, smiling and, after hugging Michelle one last time, he let her go, feeling utterly at peace, and way less tense than an hour before. He realized, however, that the woman had been right about the search party, so, with a big smile, Peter left the apartment and swung to the Tower. Traffic was a bitch, anyway.
“What is it?” Peter asked again, propping himself against the headboard and letting Bucky sit next to him, accepting the phone he was handing him with a furrowed brow “. Did Harry do something else last night?”
“So much so that he quit everything” Electro chuckled “. Do we know what the Avengers think of this?”
“Yeah… time to tell the truth”
Hey guys!
“That’s good to hear” Steve nodded, resting a hand on his husband’s shoulder and softly squeezing his hand when Tony went to grab his “. Is he awake?”
I hope you guys liked the chapter! I personally really liked writing Harry and Peter's friendship, to be quite honest, so I really hope you guys did, too!
Good thing he has a guardian angel always looking out for him
You can always leave requests, although you may need to wait a bit. I'm almost finished with the next one shot, but I won't be uploading it for some days, as I'm also writing the story that I have (if you haven't checked it out yet, do it, please!)
So, hope you liked it. There'll be one more part to this story, idk when I'll upload it, yet. I still have to finish it.
Done! Hope you guys loved it as much as I did! And please don't kill me lmao
So, quick heads up: the next chapters will probably be longer than usual, but oh well: they're the last ones and I want to have everything solved... kind of. Don't worry, there's still a sequel! And I'm already planning it - I'll start to write it soon. Just a quick question: will you guys still read it even after Endgame comes out?
“Exactly” Harry agreed “. So here’s what we’re are going to do now that no one expects us to act. Listen closely, because it’s time to finish this off”
“Completely agree” Abeer smiled “. I mentioned the Avengers Team a few minutes before, and I have to talk about it now because it’s been a while since you took leadership and I have to say, you’re doing an amazing job, Peter”
“Eh, maybe not, but it’s fun either way. By the way, Torres says hi, told me to tell you he’ll come around Monday to talk”
So I hope you enjoyed the Chapter! I honestly loved to write the Christmas Chapter, and I hope you guys did, too!
“That’s good” Tony nodded “, but that’s not the thing that worries us, Peter”
How will it go?
Figuring he was done with the serious talk for that evening, he snuggled further into his fathers’ arms and asked FRIDAY to put on another re-run of Modern Family (never tired of it). All in all… Peter was pretty sure he couldn’t have spent his anniversary in a better way.
I hope you all enjoyed it, there's more to come! Also on the other work, I have for normal one-shots and short stories, and of course the third story I'm planning!
“Oh” Peter mumbled, blushing a bit at that. He hadn’t thought of MJ realizing Shuri and he were close that way, but knowing how observant the woman had always been, it made complete sense “. You know” he said, after a couple of minutes “, we agreed that staying what-ifs is the best thing for us. Her life is in Wakanda, mine is here… and neither of us can really change that”
“But it’s good” Peter asked, just a bit unsure still “. Right?”
“Ready” And he stepped into the room.
“I hate when he doesn’t tell me stuff” the spy replied, frowning. Peter chuckled under his breath, and turned his head around when he heard someone else reply to the red-head.
last chapter! i really wanted to post it on a sunday, i don't why it felt better to me, gave it a sense of clousure.
Hi guys!
Bucky and Natasha start with their research
“They’ll follow you” Tony assured his son “, like the leader you are: we will always follow you and trust you, Underoos”
And the chapter is done!
“Idiot” Peter laughed, and then pointed at Flash “.
Hi Guys!
-https://blm-helpfullinks.carrd.co/#links - it is a webpage full of links to sign & also to donate, if you can. And if you are unable to donate money, there are other ways. Here is the link to a video made by Zoe Amira- only by streaming it you are already contributing, because all the money made with ADS is being donated. PLEASE, don't skip ads.
At ten p.m, just like he had planned Harry suited up, trying to not think about how wrong it felt to be wearing a slightly altered version of his father’s suit (the suit he’d
Anyway, thank you so much for reading and PLEASE leave a comment to let me know what you thought of the chapter!
Sorry for the delay, as I told you I was out the whole weekend! I was at the beach and I hadn't been in months... and the sea is like, one of the loves of my life, so I had missed it. Anyway, please, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Third chapter! I really hope you guys are liking the chapters.... someone asked me the other day when exactly does this happen, so:
PLEASE leave a comment, so I know what you thought of the chapter. Someone told me they wanted Wanda and Peter interacting, so here it was... so, if you have any idea, feel free to tell me! Maybe they'll end up in the story!
Quick note: I'm gonna start posting the one-shots as singular posts. I'll post some of the old ones, and then I'll stop posting new one-shots. If you want to see something in those, please feel free to tell me your ideas! Can't tell when it'd be up, but I'll try my best!
Hi guys!
Hi guys!
Next chapter is here! Hope you all like it!
I really hope you guys enjoyed it. I never thought I'd be writing a sequel for that tiny idea I had one day, but I'm so glad I did, and so glad I decided to do a third story. What I can say about the new work is that will deal with a grown-up Peter (most likely in his early twenties), and it'd be a coming-of-age sort of story. Seriously, I'm so excited about this story.
Omg I'm so excited because angst is finally coming! So get ready and enjoy the chapter!
“That he was Green Goblin” Peter explained, looking back at his Dads. Tony and Steve shrugged at that, not really having an answer for the young genius.
Peter finally knows who his parents are
“Exactly” Steve nodded “. This is not like a couple of years ago, Honey. We’ll always be sorry for what happened then, but now it’s different, now there are no more secrets between us all… now we’ve finally learned to stop hiding things, to stop being so stubborn, and to start being completely honest. So from now on, boys, in this family we
“Peter was in a state of shock after the battle - we all say it on the Livestream. He fell unconscious while still in a panic, which makes us fear he will wake up in a similar state”
And tell me if you're as obsessed with the new trailer as I am lmao
Hi guys!
(See the end of the chapter for
“I mean, we’re not going to change, Peter” MJ pointed out, frowning “. We’re not going to wake up one morning and do a one-eighty to be able to match each other”
“You’re broken” Flash finished for him, not ungently “. But that’s fine, dude. We’re all a little broken, aren’t we?”
Next chapter is here! Oh, Goshh, I saw Ed Sheeran yesterday, and it was so amazing... one of the best concerts I've seen.
I hope you guys liked it. I wanted to have one chapter with the Superfamily wanting to get closer. Now that Peter knows his Dads intentions, things will change for the better. But, it'll take time. And not everything is going to be easy.
This chapter comes a bit earlier than usual, so enjoy!
Some of you thought this was going to be how Peter comes out as Stony's son. Gotcha! I have something planned for that, just not yet. Also, something I wanted to put in there was the friendship between MJ and Peter. First, of, I admit Spideychelle has the potential of happening in the future (not yet tho), but I wanted to show something with their scenes in this chapter, and that was show a 'healthy' relationship between a girl and a boy without having it to be sexualized. Hope you all can see that. Again, I'll love to put Spideychelle at some point, but: if it happens, I want it to be in a way that feels natural, not something that explodes after Peter has to spend a night at MJ's because he's injured. Anyway, sorry for my rant lol,  I really hope you enjoyed the chapter!
Anyways, enjoy. If you have any type of doubts, just ask.
Anyway, read you guys on Wednesday. Actually, sooner than that, because I'm posting a new one show in a couple of days. For those who haven't read my one shots: you're invited to! And for those who did: I know I abandoned the story, but it was because I was too focused on this one. But, the other day I had this idea I just had to write. So, you'll have it on-line in a couple of days. Hope you like it, btw.
Scarecrow has discovered Peter's identity...
ALSO:  I've published another work. I decided that from now on I'm publishing one-shots individually, and I'm going to start publishing the ones I've already written, only extending them a little. I.e, the one I published was extended maybe a thousand, two thousand words.
Please enjoy the chapter!!
“But what are his injuries?” Shuri pressed on, letting Bucky hold her and feeling just a bit more relaxed, knowing Peter was, at least, not dead… yet, her mind told her, but she told her to shut up altogether.
And Please leave a comment and, if you can, kudos!
And the chapter is done!!
“Yeah” the youngest superhero agreed, snuggling closer to his father and, just for a moment, wanting to be fifteen again. However, that was long in the past… he was twenty-four, and not the same Peter - which, he knew, wasn’t exactly a bad thing.
And now on a more serious note, just in case you haven't read the A/N at the beginning of the chapter:
Peter has a fight, will it go well?
“That sucks, man,” Peter told his oldest friend, putting a fake sympathetic smile on his face. MJ nodded while trying to hide her amusement at the situation. Flash simply looked at Peter, silently pleading for the slightly taller man to drop it, and then, when he saw Peter was not going to do it, rolled his eyes and nudged Ned.
So this is a fourth part of the first story I posted. Someone asked me to do a scene in where Peter tells his family about the building crushing on him. Because someone also asked me to write a scene in where they meet MJ, I also put it here. It's shorter than the other caps, but fun! (and fluff!)
Peter goes back to MIT after his break up with MJ
“Sure” MJ nodded, letting Peter close the apartment door. Crossing her arms across her chest, she let herself observe one of her best friends, the one person she knew she’d always feel something for. Now, Michelle was anything but an idiot, so she knew Peter was putting on a brave face in front of his friends, as much as he could also admit he wasn’t okay. The journalist suspected not even Peter was aware of how things were, but… she could also guess that was normal. Sometimes time and perspective were necessary for the mind to find peace. So, when Peter took her to the living room, she sat and looked at him in silence for another minute, finally breaking the silence when it was obvious Peter was not going to do it himself “. So, everything okay? What did you want to talk about?”
Ned thinks things over
I'm nervous as hell haha, tomorrow is the first day of college. And it's not my first year, but I'm studying over seas for a few months, and I'm kind of nervous. It's normal, I guess. Anyways, I wanted to upload on time, although it's a little bit more late than I would've liked. Well, at least it's here haha.
Peter and Michelle start investigating
“I’m not on the verge of death” Peter shrugged “, so I guess you can say that”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you” Peter smiled “. I think… I think this will be good. I need to find myself, and I need to do it on my own. I guess for now it’s just… Peter and Therapy”
“We’ll work on it” Shuri promised, grabbing Peter’s hand and squeezing it softly “. Today was an amazing first step, Peter, and I’m really proud of you for it, okay? We are all feeling proud of you… and now it’s time to take things easy and take care of yourself. I think therapy will help you a lot”
Anyway, PLEASE leave a comment so I can know what you guys think! Only a few of you comment and, as much as I appreciate those comments (love you guys so much!) I can't help but think there's something wrong with the story and that's why you guys don't comment as much. If that's the case, then please tell me! Things can always be fixed :)
foundation. And I think I have to do this on my own… I think life is more than falling for someone and fighting for them, you know? I think it’s time I fight for myself, rather than someone else”
. He could see the members of his family completely taking over the battle, the villains not really standing a chance - except Harry, who was only being held back, Bucky’s foot pressed firmly on his chest. The young superhero knew why his Uncle was doing that - knew that Bucky wanted him to have the chance to fight Harry one last time, and he felt incredibly grateful for that one. He knew what to do then “. Captain, go to help Black Widow - Iron Man, go to Falcon”
Love you all! Byeee
Hi lovely people!
“Dads” he smiled, walking towards them. Both his parents smiled at the sight of him and quickly walked until they were close enough to engulf him in a hug. Peter let himself be protected by them, feeling for just a moment he was fifteen again and still willing to believe they could protect him from anything “. Figured you’d both be here”
Ta-da! The chapter is done, HOWEVER, there's still one more! Let's face it, those two have a lot to solve haha
(last chapter!)
Now, I don't want to tire you guys all out with this A/N (and who knows if someone even read it), but: I didn't post on Wednesday because I was trying to spread the word about BLM in my other socials. Now that I am posting here, I think I should do the same thing here, because, no matter the size, I do have a platform. So: if you want to go and protest, do it, but please, be safe. I can't go, mainly because there are no protests where I live (again, not in the US, or even America). But there are other ways in which you can help.
“Apparently the company believes in letting them do more stuff, make them believe they’re important and learning more… to the cost of my own work, of course”
“Lena has helped me understand something… it’s been a long while since I’ve been completely okay. She theorised, and I agreed, that some of my problems started the moment Ben was shot. And we also agreed you guys helped me heal from that”
“Precisely!” He exclaimed “. A group for young and gifted individuals that wouldn’t do the same missions as us, per se,
Will Bucky?
“You’re too good” Harry murmured with his last strength “. Always have been, and I… I think I’m glad you’ll always be that way”
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi guys! Another chapter is here!
Hi guys! Sorry again for being late, I was at my friend's house on Saturday and forgot to post. Anyway, here's the chapter, enjoy!
“So…” she murmured, not really looking at Peter “. What does this mean for you two?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Once he made it to his place, Peter went directly to his bathroom, stripping down and getting under the shower, finding some calmness in the cascade of water, almost too hot to be good for his skin and yet perfect for the tired superhero. Fact was- he knew he’d done a good job, that he had made a good speech but… that’d been out of practice, of reciting it over and over and over to the point Peter was pretty sure all of his family had known it just as well as he’d done it. Those words, albeit written by Peter (and supervised by Pepper and his parents) were delicately constructed, crafted in a way that was meant to be believable and to show Peter had, always, been in control.
“Shuri told us some of your friends had gone to the apartment” Steve chimed in, resting a comforting hand in his son’s shoulder “, and Harley told us he thought you were decently okay, but we want to know first hand… how are you, Honey?”
anyway, PLEASE leave a comment so I know what you guys thought of this chapter!
Ta-da! This book is done!
Hi guys!
well, well, well, well.... look at what happened huh
“Yeah, Buck called too” Tony laughed “. Told your Father you were pestering him to the point he was
Michelle and Ned lost contact with Peter
Tony and Steve finally decided it's time they step up
“I think it’s more sociopath than anything” MJ disagreed, coming from the kitchen with a bowl of popcorn in her hands, settling herself down in the two-seater. Peter huffed and joined her there, bumping their knees.
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want! Things are starting to differ from the film and it'll keep beeing that way the rest of the story!
'Till the next chapter, love you all 3000!
I'm still travelling, so I'm not writing as much as before, but I'm working hard to get the story where I want it in time...
a bit of a cliffhanger, oh well, sorry. anyway, I hope you guys liked the chapter!
How will Steve and Tony react?
what will happen next?
Who was the one to call for Peter?
“I am” Peter nodded “. Or, well, as close to okay I can be, I guess… I went to visit Harry today, spent the whole day there… the place is ugly, I know he would’ve hated it”
PLEASE leave comments and if you can kudos, and I'll see you guys on Wednesday!
What happens now?
Peter smiled, thinking his answer over.
Bye!!
(See the end of the chapter for
People say Peter's Spiderman...
“It wasn’t, son” Tony assured him “, you just wanted to save Harry… it’s in your nature. But, Peter, we want to tell you two things: first of all, your father and I are incredibly proud of you, of the way you conducted yourself and did everything you did”
(See the end of the chapter for
I hope you guys liked it! The story is going to change (like, it'll be different from the movie) pretty soon for Team Titan! I'm excited about the changes! Anyway, tomorrow I'll publish the work with the short stories and one-shots! So be sure to check that out!
Love you 3000! Please take care and Happy Pride!
Okay, a little recap so we're all on the same page:
Okay, I think that's all! Bye!
You can find this fic translated to Russian here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Soooooo.... the Superhusbands have finally seen Peter in person, huh? Even if he doesn't know his parents were there. For now, both of them wants to talk to Bucky, so that's already something.
Hi! Sorry for the delay... as I said in the previous chapter, I'm on a week off. And, that means my friends dragged me today to a club. It was fun, tho, so I forgive them
hiiii again! so, still a few things have to happen, and i want to include some fluff in here, because we all need it
Hi guys!
Also, another Flashback
So sorry I didn't post yesterday, a few friends managed to convince me to go out, and I came home really, really late, and I didn't want to post then. Still, I wanted to post a chapter this weekend, so here it is.
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
Bye!!
“Hey, Harry” he murmured, almost getting scared by the sound of his own voice, which broke the silence in the place; a heavy silence, Peter decided, charged with something he couldn’t find the words for, not peaceful yet not tormented by anything. He hoped that, despite the place making his Spidey Sense tingle, Harry was still at peace “. Nice crib you’ve got going, huh…? Sorry, bad joke, I know. You know I’ve always tended to joke at inappropriate times or when I am feeling nervous” the superhero stayed silent for a moment, feeling stupid by it. He knew Harry was never going to answer back, couldn’t do it anymore, but… it felt nicer if he imagined them having a conversation. For just a moment, he pictured what Harry would’ve told him, probably something about his Dad’s tacky taste, probably something about being close to his Mom. He thought back on his Uncle’s words, on Bucky’s insistence of not being able to bring people back from the dead. And he knew, he knew it was true…furthermore, Peter knew that, if he could even have the power to do that there were people who he’d resurrect before Harry (his parents and Ben mainly),
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want!
Hi guys!
Harry huffed, containing the urge to throw something at his TV (although, barely) when he saw Peter giving the last words of the conference. And okay, if he had to be
This chapter is done! And it feels good to end with a bit of a cliffhanger lmao
“How did my Dads do this, it’s like trying to get a bunch of hyperactive five year old to go to sleep”
[TW: SERIOUS TOPIC] I don't know how many of you are aware of what's going on in the States right now, but I am assuming (and also hoping) a large fair amount of you are informed of what has been going on. Personally, I do not live in the States (nor America), nor am I black. I do, however, have members of my family who are black. Regardless of that, defending Black Lives should not be something this controversial. BLACK. LIVES. MATTER. Period. There is NO discussion to that, and I mean fucking *zero* discussion to that. It is not an ideology, it's human decency, and human rights. It's unbelievable we still have to protest this, it's crazy there are people still defending otherwise. Let me tell you: you are not better because you are white. You are no better because of the fucking color of your skin, and if you do believe that, educate yourself. I do believe we have to educate ourselves way more (me included, you can ALWAYS educate yourself one step further), and that racism is something taught, and a pandemic in itself.
“So, and forgive me if I seem too intrusive or snoopy, but what does that mean for your love life? Now that you’re twenty-eight, are you thinking about settling down?”
SO, I think I'm going to try to upload Wednesdays from now on, only because it makes more sense. When I upload on Tuesdays and Saturdays, you have to wait a little bit from Tuesday to Saturday, and barely nothing from Saturday to Tuesday. So, maybe this is better, idk. I don't know if I explained myself either, lmao.
chosen to see the conference, had wanted to see Peter in his first big test as the soon-to-be CEO of Stark Industries. He knew his assistant could’ve watched it (would’ve, if it was any other competitor), but Harry
“I know” Peter nodded with a soft smile in his face “. I’m going to start seeing the therapist I saw right after the War, she’s already talked to me and talked me through what she believes is the best course of action… despite everything going on, I think I’m starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel”
Are they safe, though?
PS: yes I've seen the new Disney+ series, and yes I'm obsessed. I prefer TFAWS, but that's just because Sam and Bucky are some of my favorites and I adore their dynamic... but God, both are incredibly good.
Peter, for once, was happy to stay in the city. He knew his parents were thinking about spending New Year’s on their new lake house, but that one was barely finished, so maybe for the following year… not to mention, Peter still felt a bit fragile whenever he left New York, so maybe spending a more chill than usual New Year’s was bound to be a good idea. Berlin was going to be challenging enough, and Peter knew he’d need Happy to keep him on track, so… yeah, better to have a quiet Christmas break.
Hi guys!
Peter hummed under his breath, going through his Uncle’s words in his head over and over. A small part of his brain could understand Bucky’s point, could see he was partly right. Another one, one he knew it’d take a while to leave, knew things were not that simple, knew too little time had passed for him to be healed from what had happened - if he ever was going to be, fully “. How long did it take for you, Uncle B? To feel okay”
Steve is totally not freaking out
Hope you all loved it! Please let me know what you thought, because it makes my day, and keeps me going! Don't be afraid to comment!
But... do they, really?
Peter hummed softly at that, thinking his words over for a moment “. I thought I was in love with MJ and Shuri, both of them” he confessed, although his parents had known that much”. And I think I do have feelings for them. My feelings for Shuri, though, are new, and I think I have to figure them out, figure if they were born from the same place my feelings for Harry were… ultimately I don’t want to hurt her, she’s too important for me. And MJ… she’s the one person I had feelings for since before I lost my ground. I don’t want to keep holding onto her if the reason is I can’t let something go, again. She’s been one of the most important persons to me in my
Ta-da! The short story is done!
Sorry for taking a bit, but I was watching La Casa de Papel (Money Heist) and that took some time from my day lol. I'm still on Chapter 4 of Season 4, so PLEASE, no Spoilers. Thanks.
(See the end of the chapter for
, wasn’t he? He’d been right all along.
However, that didn’t help Tony, who couldn’t do anything but look helplessly as the doctor worked on Peter - who was looking worse than the engineer had imagined, and hoped, looking way too pale to be considered even alive. Steve and Bucky arrived a few minutes later, stopping dead on their tracks when they saw Peter laying there, chest barely moving with soft and weak takes of air.
“Okay,” Steve nodded. He exchanged looks with his husband again and looked back at their son “. Honey, we do agree with your words, and we support you no matter what you do”
“Yes, you annoyingly remind me every chance you get” Harry groaned, to then put his hands on his hips “. Your point being?”
Will he tell his Dads about his move with Shuri?
Boom, chapter done!
Peter has made up his mind
Tell me your favorite thing about the chapter, and please leave a comment to tell me what you think!
My favorite scene, by the way, was the talk between Shuri and Peter about his worries being valid. I really loved to write that. Also, I'm trying to get back to the one-shots, just... be patient. Alright, love you 3000!
“You know, I am aware of what you’re doing,” Peter said the moment they were sitting down. MJ had dragged him to one of their favorite cafés, a bit busy for that hour but they still had found a free table close to the window.
“Now my question is… to talk about what, exactly?”
“Why?” Harry wanted to know, trying to get his enemy off of them “. Why do you keep doing this, why don’t you see how much easier it’d be if you gave it up”
I hope you guys liked it! I sure enjoy writing this type of fluff! And with the other story having the Superfamily apart, it's always fun to write these type of stories!
“Baby” Steve quipped in “, we know you wanted to do this on your own, but you have to let us help you, okay? It’s not wrong to do it”
So... that's it!
After this story I'll post one shots you guys have been asking me, but give me some time. As I said, I'm focusing on the story, first. However, if you have any idea, feel free to tell me, and I'll do it whenever I can. Meanwhile, PLEASE tell me what you thought in the comments and leave kudos if you can!
I hope you guys liked the chapter! Next one, we're back on Titan! And start to prepare yourself, angst is coming...
However, he doesn't quite know if he's doing the right thing
Around midday, Shuri quickly showered and changed into something a bit comfier, and made her way back to the med bay, wishing to see how Peter was. However, she ran into Pepper Potts just in front of Peter’s hospital door.
“I see you two are enjoying the quiet life” the youngest laughed the second he’d taken off his helmet (the only thing his Dad asked of him, and he was a good son, after all) “. Gotta say, this whole rocking chairs on a porch fits you two pretty damn well”
“Oh, that’s for sure, yeah… but, anyway, I know they’re happy I’m back in the Tower. They feel I’m safer there, and so they feel a bit calmer, I guess. Besides, I’m moving with Harley, so that should be fun”
“About?” Bucky asked curiously. Peter shrugged one shoulder, careful to not drop his Uncle’s arm.
Please, leave a comment down below so I can know what you thought of the chapter!
Btw, THE NEW AVENGERS: ENDGAME TRAILER... OMGGGG I was -still am- shook. My God, it was short but it was freaking a-ma-zing!
“Not really” Harry admitted “, but I do know Peter’s relationship with them has been getting worse lately, which only tells us it is time to act” he insisted. All around him, the villains nodded to his words “. This is what I promised you: this is what we’ve been working for. It’s time for New York, for the
“Not to mention the Avengers and Spidey stuff” Peter groaned “. I knew pulling the stunt I pulled was going to cost me, but
There it is! Hope you guys loved it as much as I loved writing it!
Now that the family knows the secret things are changing
“He killed you” Harry whispered again “, he took your life and justified it on being a hero”
“We know, Baby” Tony murmured, kissing his baby’s forehead and closing his eyes in an attempt to remember they were okay now. They were safe. Steve hugged them close to his body, the memories of the horrible days he’d thought his boys dead coming back “. And we should’ve payed more attention to your mental health after the war”
I'm gonna try to write more, but as always, Uni is kicking my ass, so sorry in advance for any delays.
“I’m not that late, shut it” Peter complained, sitting between Ned and Harley, who was starting to go to their outings a whole lot more - not like Peter would complain. He knew his surrogate brother had bonded with his friends after the Harry fiasco, and he’d never complain about spending more time with the younger man.
Bye guys!
opportunity”
“Not good” he confessed “, but good enough, I guess. I’ll get through the press conference, I promise”
(See the end of the chapter for
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want!
I like writing Steve's parts, because we barely saw him in IW and it's always fun to write about him. I feel like in Superfamily fics he's always kind of left out, in a way, like they focus more on Tony or Peter. Sure, Tony and Peter are on their own here, but that just lets me explore Steve a bit more and his role in the family dynamics... kind of.
“But-“
Please write a review, so I can know if you guys have been liking this story so far.
Sorry for not posting yesterday, but I was flying back home! And it feels good to be back! So, now that I'm back, we're going back to the European-time posting schedule.
Hi guys!
. Still, I’ve been postponing a meeting like this since November, so… I kinda brought this upon myself”
Hope you guys liked it! This, as I said, finishes TWS. So, to those wondering what will happen with CW, I'm not following the movie, because so many things are different, right now. But the next chapters will focus on Steve trying to know what to do, and then doing it. Question is, will he tell Tony?
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can't!
“I’ll try my best” Peter said in the same voice “, can’t promise anything though”
Well, tell me what you thought of this chapter, with a comment (PLEASE) and even with a kudo, if you can! And I'll see you on Wednesday! Bye!
anyway, take care and be safe! love you all 3000!
Remember: if you have something you want to see in this AU, just tell me! I love to write some fluff while I also write the angst that is my IW story (although, I love both my babies equally)
(also, a couple clarifications before we start: the rogues stay in Wakanda after Civil War, all of them. It's been like two years since it happened, and also: I wrote the majority of this before seeing Infinity War, so there's no spoiler nor something totally related to it)
With that being said, enjoy!
I really hope you guys enjoyed it! By the way, have you seen the new trailer? I'm not saying anything in this note just in case someone hasn't seen it or doesn't want to see it, but I loved it!
So, a bit of a filler chapter, but i really wanted them to have this conversation. besides, the next scenes have to be together, and this alone was almost 3.5k... i didn't want to make the chapter too long, so i split it up in two. also, all the guesses it'd be bucky were right... but who else could it be if not him haha
“Of course it does, Honey,” Bucky said, grabbing his nephew’s hand and squeezing it gently “, and you don’t have to pretend it doesn’t, okay? I’m not gonna lie, kiddo, this is going to hurt for a while. But you knew what you were going to endure”
Peter looked a whole lot better than a few hours before, his healing system thankfully starting to work and making his cheeks have a little more color, and his breaths not be as elaborated as they’d been. He still looked battered, face and arms decorated with healing cuts and still visible cuts, but to know he was going to be okay calmed both parents.
“I talked to Doctor Cho while you were in here” Shuri nodded “, and she explained more medical details to me, so I know you’re going to be okay. Still, Peter, to see you collapse like that, it… it worried me.
Hi Guys!
Hi guys!
Sorry for not posting this past week. I had a lot of things to do for uni and I wanted to focus on that. I don't know how much I'm going to be able to post 'till Christmas, but hopefully, I can do it more or less regularly. Anyway, I hope you enjoy the chapter!
“Well, I sure hope so”
Hi guys!
“Well…” Peter murmured, a bit overwhelmed by it all but still knowing he had to focus - and
“I know” the blond nodded “, it doesn’t make it any easier though”
Steve is dying to meet his boys again
Peter observed the men as they started to fake-argue, Flash dozing out next to them and fixing his eyes in the fire Peter had lit a few minutes prior wanting to disassociate completely with the situation. The genius chose to observe two of his favorite people, leaning back into the couch and snuggling close to his best friend.
Peter has finally opened the folder, but, is he going to find something there?
Another reason I wanted Tony to kind of let Steve be close again is because Peter is much more hurt than his Dad, as explained as it'll be. So I thought I'd give Steve someone he can truly rely on.
Soon, the whole world will know about Peter's true identity.
… we can learn to accept it, to live with it, to
What will he do about it?
Hey there! I'm posting sooner than I expected, but I had my second final test today, and I felt great about it, so I thought: why not?
Enjoy!!
Omg, hi you all! I've missed you! I'm finally able to write again, and I'm really excited about it! I leave Toronto in, like, three days, and it makes me super sad. So, I'm visiting places I hadn't had the opportunity to see with my friends - that is why the chapter is really late- sorry. Anyway, it's not like I'm writing a lot this week, and I'm definitely not writing tomorrow at all, but I have like nine hours on the plane, and I plan to at least write a chapter then. Also, I'm planning a new one-shot! Ik, shocking, lmao.
Hi! How are you guys doing? I hope you're all good!
So a few weeks back I suddenly felt like it was time to come back to this. I revisited the whole thing, read everything since the first work (and omg, the evolution of the story and even my writing... I almost got whiplash lmao), and then I restructured the last two chapters. The penultimate not that much, the last one is completely new... I'll explain the changes once I publish it, if I do it now I feel like it'd be spoilers. And after this finishes... I am planning another Marvel story, although I want to take my time to write it and be happy with it. In the meantime, I'll try to write shorter stories... and possibly a small addition to this one. But no promises.
Ta-da second chapter done!
“Fine! I may have something to do with it… but! Before you get mad, I made sure FRIDAY saved your work, so it’s not lost”
-Peter is Stony's kid.
i've also never posted this early in the day, but oh well, let's try it. enjoy!
“Thank you, Peter” Steve said, smiling. His Dad was next to him, copying his husband’s expression, and for a brief moment Peter drank in the peaceful atmosphere, let himself breathe deeply and feel content “. It’s good to see you relaxed as well” his Papa pointed out then “. Nat called me this morning, told me things in New York are a bit hectic as of now”
Okay, bye, love you all 3000!
“Because Harry didn’t know that… new me, I guess. Last we’d seen of each other we’d been twelve or so, long before my life did a one-eighty. So…”
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want!
Hope you guys are enjoying the story, please make sure to leave some comments!
Hi guys!
It was a good question, Peter knew, and a fair one… with the Princess leaving it did make
Ta-da! The one-shot is done!
By the way, I (finally, omg) saw Captain Marvel the other day, and I loved it! One of my best friends had told me it was nothing spectacular, but I honestly really, really liked it! And I'm more scared for Endgame now, wow :)
See you on Saturday! (Ned will be appearing soon, don't you worry haha)
Now, I am aware most people would have abandoned this story, and I am in no way blaming them, because it has been a long while. But, if you are reading it (and if you've read this too, in which case: thanks, and congrats), then I really hope you enjoy the chapter.
hope you enjoy it! and please read the note at the end of the chapter, I have a really important question regarding this story
by your own technology. And I was just sixteen”
whole life, I don’t want to hurt her even more than I’ve done”
The festivities continue...
Ta-da! Chapter done!
“Pete, you can do that later” Tony promised “, right now we have to fight these assholes who thought they could mess with our family, alright?”
“They barely managed” Natasha told him, crossing her legs elegantly one over the other. Peter was glad to have her Aunt with him… ever since he’d been officially named the leader of the Avengers Natasha had been there to help him out, guiding him when she deemed necessary and letting Peter take risks and chances when she believed was good for everyone. So far it had been working, but Peter was
to do so, which in turn meant he’d thrown himself into his work for the past two years, dedicating the little free time he had to his family and friends. But the young genius was more than okay with that.
“We have some meetings in Berlin, right after Christmas” Peter shrugged “. I’ll explain more later, but I can’t give you the details just yet… Pepper told me details are meant for the meeting”
So, hi! This chapter was a bit shorter, but it felt good this way. This chapter also opens new storylines you guys will see, pretty soon.
, his annoying A.I.
Hi guys!
“That’s my boy. I’ll leave you two to speak, but just so you know, after Shuri your Aunt May wants to come in”
Another thing: I'll probably keep these hours, for posting. I'm in another time-zone, than usual, and I'm going to stay here for a while, so yeah. Chapters are going to be posted around this time from now on.
Peter and Pepper go to have lunch
Please read my note above, to clarify a doubt about the posting schedule, and please leave a comment and kudos!
“Shuri-“
“I said shut up!” Harry yelled, closing his eyes and leaning forward until his head was between his knees, hands going up to fist some of his hair, almost painfully pulling it upwards, twisting it between fingers with enough force to turn them white “. Shut up, shut up, shut up! Get out of my head, Dad!”
Peter had been able to be with someone else just for the sake of being, not having in mind anything but enjoying themselves and their nights (sometimes days).
“Been better” Peter admitted “, but… for the first time, I do feel it’s time to heal. I think I can start healing”
Who is in the apartment?
ANYWAY, please leave a comment so I know what you guys thought about this chapter! Please tell me if you want to see something in this story!
(See the end of the chapter for
“He will” Steve tried to assure his love, kissing his temple “. We know our kid, he will… even though he’s as stubborn as both of us combined”
Anyway, please enjoy the chapter!
“I know, Dad. But… I also know your fear was not irrational. I know you were right to be worried, and… it proved to be true, anyways” the youngest genius said through a sigh. Tony hummed in disagreement and nudged his son’s shoulder, getting his attention.
“It still sucks” Shuri had completed for him “. I know”
at the kid. She wasn’t stupid; Peter had been placed in the Sexiest Man List for years, had made number one a few times, and no one could deny the kid had inherited both of his parents’ charm… now close to thirty, Abeer could affirm Peter was one of the most attractive people she got to interview, so she understood her public… didn’t share the sentiment though, as her kids were too close in age to Peter for her to be comfortable in doing so. Back to her work, though:
“I think it’s a brilliant idea” Sam declared, smiling to Peter “. We can’t name someone an Avenger if they don’t have training, or experience, but to have a young version of them… it does sound promising”
And, well, he’d done it, but given that Peter was a superhuman that got hits worse than that on the daily, it barely hurt. And what was better: he ended up getting his best friend in S.I, which marked that plan of his as incredibly successful, no matter what the rest of his friends told him.
Peter, who suddenly went limp in his arms, screams dying at his throat and breath more elaborated than Bucky had first noticed. Tony and Steve arrived at his side then and looked at him in shock, noticing Peter had just fallen unconscious. Between the three they managed to lay him on the ground, away from Harry and then… they realized not all the blood had been from the taller man.
“But this has to be something big, right?” Flash asked, speaking for everyone there “. It feels like something big is about to happen - did Peter quit or what the fuck is happening?”
Admittedly, Peter had had worse nights. He, also, had had a whole of a lot better nights, but still- he’d slept. Some. At least more than the previous nights, which maybe was thanks to his Uncle, or maybe thanks to the confessions he’d managed to get out of Peter. The young superhero had to admit it’d felt good to say out loud everything he’d been keeping to himself for the last few years, and everything he’d feared, and doubted himself about. Granted, it didn’t mean his problems were solved (far from it, actually), but it did mean things were starting to get better.
“Definitely thinking about it” Peter confessed, hearing how some audience members not so subtly gasped and squealed at that “. I mean, I’m closer to thirty than I am to twenty now, and as everyone on Twitter likes to remind me, my Papa was close to my age when my Dad and he started dating, so… it’s something I’m not opposed to. But I’m still young, so no rush, you know?”
-He has spent two years away from home, to try to protect his family.
, I’ve been remembering today, expecting it to come for days beforehand, and this year I just… forgot. And I can’t help but think it’s my fault, because
“A bit” Bucky admitted, ignoring his kid’s groan at his words “, but I think she’ll forget about it just for tonight until she makes sure you’re actually okay”
Also, a glimpse into Harry and Peter's friendship
“Yeah” Peter sighed “, you deserve it. Look, things started to change when…”
, with his parents and Aunt May, and also with Bucky, those talks serving him as some sort of therapy before he went back to his therapist, who had already been told about it and was waiting for him with a lot of notes - which,
Hi! So, second chapter.
Ta-da, the chapter is done!
Yay, no cliffhanger this time!
“And he’s right” Steve pointed out “. It’s okay to move on with these things, Baby”
Steve has come clean
“I think,” he said, more sure of his words than his Dads had thought he’d be “ it’s time I build my own. It’s time I build it from scratch, accepting the Peter I was and the Peter I am now… I have to make my ground, my very
(mostly thanks to Tony), and even she had been impressed by what they had achieved in those few months, although not that surprised. Peter was a kind man, generous and
Enjoy!
“There’s something else… something I think we really have to talk about” he whispered. Michelle nodded, giving him permission to go on. Peter sighed again and let her hand go, bringing his to rest in his lap “. I’ve loved you a lot, MJ. Still do, probably more than I’ve loved anybody else outside of my family. You were my first love, and the anchor to reality I needed after the War. Do you know that?”
The idea of re-doing his last fight with Green Goblin had taunted his nightmares for days now - of Harry having the same fate as his father, of Spider-Man unintentionally killing Green Goblin Jr, of not being able to redeem himself to Harry ever again (if that was even on the table, anyway). So he had to be smart - had to knock Harry unconscious quick and easy, not causing too much damage. That would, probably, cause him to go slower than usual, not as quick as he would fight a normal villain, but he didn’t care: the important thing was keeping Harry alive.
Hope you enjoy!!
Anyway, enjoy the chapter!
Hi guys!
So... Peter is in the Penthouse
“I have no idea, he literally went limp in my arms,” Bucky said, losing the calm he always showed in battle.
close to blocking your number. Sam had to keep him from doing so, but he’s tempted, too”
“Because I don’t want you to be alone” the genius simply said, which was much simpler than it should’ve been. But wasn’t it the truth? Despite all the hurt, Harry had put him through, despite the knowledge, clear as a bright sky, that Harry wanted nothing of him but his death, Peter was still unable to let him go. And he didn’t know why, not exactly - could have an idea, but as it was he was stuck on one single thought: I don’t want you to be alone, and I don’t want you to die. Given that he could only get one of those things, no one was going to get Peter away from Harry “. I don’t want you to go thinking you were a bad person, Harry”
The Field Trip has gone as bad as Peter was expecting... or even worse
“It’s fine” Peter sighed, moving his neck side to side until it made a small crack “, but it was
“Peter, hey - baby you’re okay, you’re safe,” Tony said, shushing their kid until he opened his eyes, looking a bit scared before they settled on his parents, who smiled back at him in what they hoped was reassuring to the young superhero.
“Hey”
Read you soon, bye, love you all!!
“Like my father did?” Harry asked weakly, with his skin looking sickly white and sweaty. Peter nodded through his tears, not daring to speak out-loud to answer that one. He could remember, faintly, that there were five other villains waiting for him to fight, could also remember his family going in his aid, but he didn’t know what was happening with that, if they had won or were still fighting. In those moments only Harry and he existed, both in their own little world for the very last time “. I really didn’t want to become him, Peter. And I did”
(See the end of the chapter for
See you all at the bottom!
“Mr.Osborn” Sandman said via the intercoms “. Electro, Doctor Octopus, and I are ready to go to Peter’s apartment.
Please leave a comment to let me know what you thought (think of it as a birthday present, if you may), and thank you so much for reading!
Peter goes back to New York
affected him more, should’ve felt a bit worse… maybe as a bit of a stab in the back (and wow, he did have Tony’s love for dramatics), but, to be fair, the young superhero had way more important things in his mind than an article from his ex-girlfriend, as much as it hurt.
“I am,” he said, equal annoyance in his own voice “. Now, c’mon, May Parker should be home already. Time to attack”
PLEASE, leave a comment so I know what you guys thought! And thank you so much for reading, I really appreciate it.
“There’s already an article of what happened yesterday, Peter, and people are questioning you, and what happened,” she said, figuring Peter could use some bluntness in those moments “. They’re also talking about Harry being the Green Goblin… this time it was impossible to hide Green Goblin’s identity”
I am aware I let some windows open, and those are there because, to be honest, I wouldn't be too shocked if I found myself writing more for this AU. Nothing is in the works though, first I'll publish something else, something different.
“Dude, I want Ned to come to S.I, too, but you’re straight up going to manipulate him into doing so,” he said, going over to the kitchen to grab himself a beer and sitting next to Harley. Peter stuck his tongue at him like the powerful man he was and ignored MJ’s laugh.
“He’s not okay” Cho finally said “, but he’s strong, guys, okay? I’m taking him into surgery right now - I promise I’ll take care of him”
“Hasn’t your Dad told you he hates how fast you go in that thing?” The super soldier said for a greeting, jogging until he was close enough to pull Peter into a hug, getting one back immediately. The genius of the two silly shrugged, letting his Uncle bring him into the house, where some other members of his family were. Once inside he said hello to everyone in there and went to the back porch, where his Dads said his greetings and pestered him for a few minutes about his interview. Once his Uncle Happy joined them Peter excused himself, finally seeing his Aunt May in all of the chaos that was their family.
