John paused a moment, raising an eyebrow before looking around in exaggerated motions when he received no further response. "So, were you planning on pulling one out of your pocket?"
“That doesn’t mean anything.” John’s voice felt rough in his throat as he spoke. “There could be any number of internal injuries.” Even the idea made the red pulsing behind his eyes speed up a little.
“It’s barbaric, and I won’t be a part of it.” John snarled, startling a passing waitress as he slammed his hand against the table top.
“Did you have somewhere specific in mind? We could get out, get a taxi or something. I want you to be comfortable.”
"Well, you don't have to just take care of yourself anymore, do you?" John smiled faintly. "We're a team now. We take care of each other. If you want to go chasing dangerous criminals all over London at least let me know first so I can get my gun. I'm here to watch your back, yeah? "
He gathered his clothes quickly and darted out of the room, not even stopping to dress until the door had closed silently behind him.
“I did,” was the quick response. “Mike is aware of a rather difficult issue I am currently experiencing and now here he is just after lunch with an old friend, an unbonded alpha in need of a pack in fact,  one clearly just home from medical service in Afghanistan.  It wasn’t an unreasonable conclusion.”
‘Sherlock' he thought, reaching out and trying to pull the sleeping omega closer. The sheets were cool under his fingertips.  John frowned as he reached out again, searching sightlessly for the warm body that should be curled into bed with him. Nothing.
repeated on an endless loop in his head as he tore through the rest of the house, ripping open doors just to slam them again in instant frustration when Sherlock wasn't revealed.
“It seems like Robert wasn’t the only one trying his hand at kidnapping last night, Mycroft.” Sherlock responded with practiced ease and narrowed eyes despite his inner turmoil. “Pray tell, what precisely did you hope to accomplish?”
Special thanks go out to Chemical_Defect, without whom this chapter wouldn't have been possible. Seriously, he was right there at 2:30 am, talking me through plot points and setting me straight when I couldn't figure out what to type first. He made me sit and really think about what I was trying to do and say in the story, and I am forever grateful. This wouldn't exist without all his help.
John laughed dryly. “This is utterly surreal. Are you really suggesting that we bond forever because I’m lonely and you’re desperate?”
“Hello Doctor.” The man smiled with an insincere grimace. “Please, have a seat.” He gestured to the bench across from him.
“Things seem interesting enough already, actually.” Sherlock responded, fighting the urge to shift away from the hand at his neck. “To what do I owe the pleasure?
John pulled up short just inside the large room. Flattening himself behind the questionable safety of a few old metal barrels a few steps to the right of the door, he took in the brightly lit area in front of him. The blue car was parked off to the side, near several steep loading bays. Stacks of crates were piled around the edges of the room. But the main feature of interest was the small empty wooden chair lying on its side under a spotlight in the middle of everything, splashed with blood that reeked of orange and cloves.
The words did reassure Sherlock. He looked at the Alpha, studying the stiff way John held himself and the way his eyes looked at Sherlock; the man looked at him as if he thought Sherlock would vanish in a puff of smoke at any moment. John was nervous too, Sherlock realized suddenly as he took in all of the little signs that he could read so clearly. Somehow this soothed the last of his uncertainty; obviously his feelings on the subject were completely normal.
Angelo laughed fondly, patting Sherlock on the shoulder.  “If not for this man, I would have gone to prison.”
John blinked slowly. “Does she come often?” what he really meant was ‘is your mother going to walk in on us?’
Sherlock nodded at John approvingly. It made John feel almost inappropriately happy, considering the circumstances.  “Very good, any ideas on cause of death?” Sherlock asked, prodding for him to continue.
For the first time since John had met him, Sherlock seemed honestly at a loss for words; the omega simply sat, staring wide eyed at the alpha in front of him.
"Don't touch him!" John snarled as he materialized as if from nowhere, thrusting himself between Sherlock and the detective.
“That little trick won’t work on me, omega.” Sherlock felt a trailing hand tease across the back of his neck. “I know you’re awake.”
Sherlock was burning up. He could feel John’s fingers, one hand still playing with his hair even as the other trailed down his side and worked its way under his shirt. John’s fingers brushing against his ribs had him arching up against the alpha, the unfamiliar sensation almost too much for his already sensitive body to process.
"A murder we didn't need you on, actually," Greg spoke up without thought. The look that Sherlock shot him was practically poisonous. "We had to evacuate half the team because of you. This is an active crime scene. I have a job to do, and you managed to chase off most of my best people."
It was silent for a moment. John got the distinct impression that the man was laughing at him. He did not appreciate it. “I assure you Doctor that if I wanted you to disappear they would not find the body, in the Thames or otherwise.”
Really, John thought, he should have figured that Sherlock came from money. Between the bespoke suit and jacket, and the brother who apparently ran the country, Sherlock’s affluence should have been obvious. Somehow though, it hadn’t quite hit him until he saw the complete disdain Sherlock had for the luxuries surrounding him. It was like he didn’t even see them.  After a few uncomfortable moments John forced himself to move away from the part of him that wondered just how well off Sherlock could be. He hadn’t known, and it didn’t change anything between them really.
”  Lestrade didn’t have time for this. He had left with strict instructions to hold the scene until he returned but he had wasted too much time trying to hunt Sherlock down. The omega’s refusal to respond to his phone was maddening, especially on cases where they actually needed his interference.
If it had been anyone other than Mike Stamford, John would have brushed his concern to the side. But Mike was one of his oldest and dearest friends, even if they had fallen out of touch in recent years. He had helped John immensely after the death of his father and he knew John just a little too well to pretend nothing was wrong. “A bit, yeah.” was his response.
“I worry about him constantly, and like it or not it appears that he’s set his hat on you.” John stared silently at the other alpha. Eventually he moved to continue speaking, “If twenty eight thousand is not suffic-“
an alpha unless they want one. There is no reason for the Project to exist anymore. It’s all political posturing to maintain the status quo.”
Shooting John one more curious look Lestrade turned back to Sherlock and began filling him in on the details of the case.  “Mrs. Adaline Morten, omega, husband died about twenty years ago leaving her to run their auction house in his stead. By all accounts it is very successful, specializing in rare art and antiques.  Yesterday afternoon she came into her study to do some work. She locked the door behind her and the only key is sitting in her desk drawer. When she didn’t take her supper last night no one was concerned, she often skipped meals if she was working. But when it was discovered that she did not return to her bed last night or attend breakfast today the housekeeper became concerned.”
"Wha- Sherlock I thought we were past this!" John sputtered, wide-eyed as he tried to make sense of the turn in the conversation. "I don't want that, at all. What's gotten into you?"
John looked up at Sherlock then, taking in the lines of his face and the piercing gaze as the omega studied him in return. John offered up a small smile and tilted his head towards the other man. “Then I did open my eyes. I opened my eyes and I turned my head and I saw you laying right there in that bed. You looked beat all to hell, but Sherlock, you weren’t dead. I was so happy, so relieved, so overwhelmed with gratitude that I couldn’t even move. All I could do was stare at you and promise myself that I wouldn’t be so bloody stupid a second time.”
The moment crystallized dangerously between them. Turning, John leaned against the door of the car as he studied the other man silently. He took in the almost wild eyes and the slightly ragged quality of Sherlock's angry puffing. He could smell the tension rolling from the omega in bitter waves; it made John think of biting directly into an orange peel instead of the sweet fruit hidden within.
The disappointment that lanced through Sherlock’s chest was unexpectedly sharp. “You don’t think an omega capable of the job,” Sherlock finished with forced mildness.
Sherlock refused to move, focusing on maintaining his breathing as he slowly adjusted to his situation. This was very not good. Sherlock hadn’t been caught like this in years, and at least last time he had known exactly
Pressing his eyes closed, John rested his forehead against the cool wood of the floor as he forced himself to focus on his breathing. He took the slowest and deepest breaths he could manage, working his way through every breathing pattern he could remember or invent.
Sherlock woke up in the back of a moving vehicle. Judging from the rowdy conversation in the car, he wasn’t expected to gain consciousness anytime soon. Fortunately, the men hadn’t known that Sherlock had developed a high tolerance to any kind of sedative over the course of his life. Unfortunately, his resistance to the drug didn’t help with the rolling throb of the headache left behind.
“Of course John,” Sherlock’s answer was immediate. “It is important that we are always honest with each other.”
Generally, the first matches were pretty good. The second ones were typically a fair shot as well.  But by the time an omega hit their third match, the right of refusal is all used up and they are stuck with whoever is chosen next. Sure, the alpha could object and demand a rematch, but it was rare.  There was generally a reason that third matches were third matches.
The pressure increased, Sherlock could feel himself stretching in a way that he never had before. Sensations battled behind his eyelids; conflicting feelings were flashing like sparks. It pinched slightly even as the feeling of satisfaction rose to overpower everything else. This was exactly what his body said he needed. John gave him a moment to adjust to the feeling before nearly pulling out entirely and moving forward with a smooth thrust. Something inside of Sherlock burst into white hot awareness and Sherlock let out a surprised cry.
After a moment some of the tautness drained out of the shorter alpha. "Sorry. I'm a little on edge, I shouldn't have done that." John’s eyes darted to Sherlock as if to assure himself that the taller man was okay.
“Why don’t you tell me Sherlock?” The blindfold loosened and slipped from Sherlock’s eyes with a whisper. Sherlock looked up at the dark haired man, taking in the coldness of the green eyes staring down at him. The hand at his neck was disturbingly tender with compared to an almost surprising amount of blind fury dancing in those eyes.  “Why do you think you are here?”
“I want every CCTV camera actively scanning for him now! Sherlock is officially our number one priority until he is located, ” he barked into the phone as he eyed John warily.
“Then maybe you should stop shoveling cake in your mouth long enough to change said unnecessary law.” Sherlock hissed at his brother.
“Well. Ok. But if you change your mind, well, I’ll just be over here then.” She turned away, back to the unfortunate Mr. Douglas currently cut open on her table. A while later she was fully focused on the task of removing the liver, had in fact just plucked it from the body, when Sherlock spoke.
Thank you so MUCH for all of the love and support I have received in the process of creating this for you. I know it's abrupt, but I couldn't leave it unfinished. I love and appreciate you all and I hope you enjoyed this little fic. There will probably be one shots exploring different things within this universe, and if you're interested in following along I have made this into a series. I make no promises to how long these mythical one shots may take though haha. If you have any requests on things you would like me to expand more on, please let me know and I will do my best!
“That’s not fair” protested Molly weakly. “What has you in a snit about alphas all of a sudden anyway? Is it for a case?” Molly couldn't think of any cases that might need the details of her hidden fantasies but who really knew with Sherlock.
John’s smile was kind as he looked softly at Sherlock. Suddenly Sherlock saw a vision of John as he was in the warehouse, all sharp angles and danger. How could they possibly be the same man? “Just tell me what you’re thinking. Be honest about it. I want to help.”
Something sparked in the alpha’s eyes at his words. With a bitter scoff he shifted the pull in Sherlock’s body, tilting him backwards as if to let him fall. “Well, if I’m going down, I might as well take him with me.”
The grin that John shot back at the bed was almost wolfish. “First, I’m going to find a doctor, and then we are going to get you discharged.” John paused, and tilted his head curiously at Sherlock. “That is, if that sounds good to you?”
Shrugging it off John replied. “Don't worry about it. I knew what I was signing up for. I just wish I could go back and finish up my tour with the rest of my mates. I don't know how they will make it without me,” John joked weakly.
Thankfully John seemed to understand; he sat on the bed as well, but was careful to leave some distance between them. Sherlock admonished himself; there was no reason to get nervous now. He had chosen this, and he would follow through. Somehow though, he couldn’t quite bring himself to move.
John quickly signed his name before practically shoving the clipboard at Sherlock. Sherlock's script looked much neater, almost artistic next to John's physician's scrawl.
With sudden shattering clarity, John realized that he had not even the faintest idea of where to begin looking for Sherlock. He didn't know anything about Sherlock's favorite hideouts. John didn't even know where he lived.
“Based on the general direction of the car, we are on the way to one of Mycroft’s safe houses.” Disdain dripped from Sherlock’s voice as he gestured through the window. “How kind of him not to ask first”
John leaned forward to grab Sherlock’s face between his hands. “Stop it.” He nearly begged; voice a guttural whisper, shocking Sherlock into stillness with the intensity of emotion behind his eyes. “Please. I know that you’re going to be fine. I’m grateful that by some grace of God you weren’t more seriously hurt; but every time I close my eyes I see you lying bloody on the ground. Please stop and lay back in the damn bed.”
“Yes ma’am.” Sherlock identified the voice as one of his captors before he was grabbed roughly by his arms and unceremoniously dragged to his feet. This time he couldn’t stop himself from slipping back into unconsciousness.
"I was worried about you Sherlock. There are reasons, good reasons, for the bonding retreat. Your body is still adjusting, our bond is still forming. From a biological standpoint, you are dangerously vulnerable right now." John reached, almost as if he were going to let himself touch where the mark was hidden beneath Sherlock's collar, but his hand dropped before it even got close. "I just want you to be safe."
The omega’s sudden change of body language when the door slammed open startled John. Instantly every trace of supplication was erased and his attention shifted, razor sharp, to the stranger.
Mike Stamford shook his head bemusedly as John chased Sherlock without a second thought to the man left behind. He had had a few bad ideas in his time, but he rather suspected that introducing the two of them was one of the better ones. Humming lightly to himself Mike made his way out of the room, off to let Molly know about the cadaver left forgotten on the table.
So smut isn't something that consider to be a particular strong point of mine. In fact, this chapter is almost 2k words longer than my previous chapters due to the fact that I was avoiding writing the bonding scene as hard as I possibly could without doing it on purpose haha. Hopefully I did it justice, please let me know what you think or if you have any suggestions for the future!
Greg's inner alpha whispered dangerously. Greg forced the thought away firmly. "Did you even bother to take a shower before you decided to take off across the city?"
“Yeah,” John replied with a bitter laugh. “That’s not happening. What kind of idiot do you take me for?”
Suddenly, John rather thought that he might be sick. Panicked thoughts swirled through his mind like dirty dishwater down a drain. That deep, primal part of him howled in agony as he demanded the presence of his recently bonded mate.  But Sherlock left him. Sherlock abandoned him in their nest, on the first morning of their bond. Sherlock didn't want him.
Looking back at the body, John carefully catalogued the various injuries until- “Here.” He pointed to a wet patch on her head, nearly hidden by her hair. “Blunt force trauma to the temple; she would have died in minutes.”
“No, nothing so horrifying” Mike smiled. “I was just returning a few things to Moll down in the morgue.”
“I cannot just ‘fix it’ this time Sherlock.” Mycroft shot back. “You have come to the attention of the Project Committee. I have been informed that you have 3 days to present yourself, or you WILL be found in contempt. Not only could it affect my standing but you will lose your right of first refusal altogether.” Mycroft was desperate to make Sherlock see how dire the situation had become. “Is that what you want? Whatever alpha they set in front of you, without even the token option to say no?”
"Irrelevant." Sherlock turned away from Greg with a toss of his head. "The case was hardly a three anyway. It was obviously the lover; she might as well have left a signed confession, she was so desperate to be caught."
“Wait just a second.” Lestrade protested, taking a step as if to pull John away from the desk before he thought better of it. “We have an entire team right outside.”
As John picked up his trousers, something fell out of the pocket with a solid thud. His phone, John was startled to realize. He felt the sudden urge to call someone; he wasn't sure who exactly, but there had to be someone. Who do you call when your new bondmate disappears from right under your nose?
“It was exciting.” John admitted, rubbing the back of his neck and praying for Angelo to come back; though, knowing Sherlock that wouldn’t stop him at all. “And we solved the murder, so that was really satisfying. So…yeah”
“Christmas has come early.” Sherlock laughed as he rushed to gather his things. “Who’s on the scene?”
“If only it were so simple Sherlock.” His brother sighed. “Despite what you seem to believe, I don’t actually control every part of the entire country. Family law falls a bit outside of my area. I can assure you that I have done everything within my power to prevent this from coming to pass. It is now out of my hands, and technically you really should have been registered years ago.”
John couldn’t help but roll his eyes at the glowering omega as they finally allowed him to climb into the car. “Its policy Sherlock; they have rules you know.”
The man moved closer to John, resting his hands on the table between them. Again John had that feeling of being strangely naked under the omega’s piercing gaze. “I know more about you now than I would be permitted to know about my so called mate before my bonding.  If the committee gets its bloodthirsty claws on me I wouldn’t even be allowed to see them beforehand. And make no mistake; if you say no, that is exactly where I will end up.”
“Yes,” Mycroft acknowledged with a slight bow of his head. “I have come to realize that.” He turned to John with a slightly bemused look on his face; the type of look that one might give a particularly unusual or grotesque insect. “Doctor Watson, I do sincerely apologise for any misunderstanding.”
Sherlock chewed slightly at his lip. “I can try to notify you first next time, but I don't plan on it happening again for a long while; no sooner than another week or two at least." Sherlock offered, hoping that the alpha would accept the peace offering as it was meant.
"No, I don't think you do," John said. "I woke up and you were gone. You know that the bond hasn't had time to settle in completely. It would be easy- too easy for someone else to overwrite the bond right now."
“I’ll get the boys on it and call if I have any other questions.” Lestrade said as he wrote everything into his notebook. “It would be helpful if you were to answer your phone.”
Mycroft sat back in in the seat of his car. He spent a moment staring into the middle distance before closing his eyes and allowing himself to slip into his mind palace.
“She very politely welcomed me home from the airport and introduced me to her new wife Clara. Then she just as politely apologized as she dropped me off at the halfway house and said that it would probably be best if I didn't come around without calling first.”
Sherlock chose not to mention the fact that he hadn't, in fact, been joking at all. "I was thinking that there was a murder, dull as it turned out to be in the end." Sherlock lied easily as he turned to look through the window. "There was nothing for me to do John. I was going out of my mind."
“I’m a simple man.” John laughed looking up from the menu. “I’ll order the spaghetti and be happy for it.” As Sherlock locked eyes with him, he suddenly realized what was happening. “Sherlock,’ he said with an odd note to his voice, “is this supposed to be a date?”
“You know as well as I do that that’s hogwash.” John looked at him incredulously. “Look at yourself; you are obviously fine as you are. Plus, now that there are options out there to supress heats and control birth rates, there are no reasons that an omega would
Sherlock’s mumbling protests about being confined to a wheelchair were thoroughly ignored as he was wheeled outside to the black car waiting for them. Obviously, Mycroft had known that Sherlock would have wanted to spend as little time in the hospital as possible once he woke up and had made the arrangements in advance.
“God, you are so beautiful.” John’s voice was low and rough as he buried his face into the curve of Sherlock’s neck. He nipped and nuzzled along Sherlock’s neck, paying special attention to the crux of his neck. Sherlock shuddered with pleasure as John nipped at the sensitive skin over his scent glands. John was scenting him, Sherlock realized, taking the first step to inducing the artificial heat and starting the bonding. Sherlock moaned slightly, tilting his head back to give John a better angle. As quickly as they had started John’s lips were gone, leaving Sherlock to open his eyes as he protested the sudden loss of sensation.
The first thing he saw as the screen lit up was that he had a new message from an unknown number. It took him three tries to punch in the proper code to unlock his phone. Opening it, he felt what little color he had managed to regain drain from his face.
However, something about the idea that he was there to take care of Sherlock, that Sherlock was indeed released solely into his care, was immensely satisfying to the alpha. “Well, I certainly wouldn’t let anything happen to you.” He finally answered.  Sherlock looked up at him, head cocked as he stared piercingly at John; it almost seemed as if he were trying to gauge the accuracy of that statement. Finally he accepted it with a nod, and turned to look out of the window.
“What’s taking you lot so long to cross a garden?” The voice from the radio broke in before Sargent Donnovan could do something she would regret. “Hurry up; things aren’t getting any fresher in here.”
Robert stiffened behind him. Sherlock could feel him debating whether it would be better to stay hidden and maintain the slim advantage of what surprise he had left, or to come out now and square off in an attempt to bargain his way out of the room. Sherlock froze utterly still, holding even his breath until finally Robert grabbed Sherlock’s injured arm and dragged him up and into the light.
John’s breath felt harsh as he crept behind Agents Henderson and Booth, silent but for the faintest sound of gravel beneath their feet. The last time he was on a mission like this, he had been sent home with a life altering bullet wound in his shoulder. He fought the rising nausea and forced himself away from memories of the war. He couldn’t let the past distract him from the present.
Sherlock gasped as he was abruptly cut free of the ropes binding him to the chair. It crashed away behind him as he was dragged away from the door and into a dark corner, hidden behind a pile of haphazardly stacked crates. They had barely made it before the door burst open and the brightly lit outline of John Watson slipped inside.
John watched as Sherlock gathered himself, and resumed counting down from here he had left off before the attack, he was nearly to zero and whatever he had planned, John needed to be ready.
John refused to be distracted. “You’re still bruised all to hell, your arm was badly dislocated, and your bloody neck was slit!” John nearly yelled before taking a breath to steady his nerves. “Not to mention the fact that you’ve only just now woken up. That’s a fair sight more than a surface wound.”  John reached beside the bed and pressed the button to raise Sherlock slowly up into a sitting position, ignoring the omega’s huff and rolled eyes.
John rolled his eyes slightly before clearing his throat. “Okay then. I guess the most pressing is why exactly are we sitting in a taxi on the way to see a dead body?”
“Do you have any questions for me?” Sherlock detested being pestered with simple questions but he justified it to himself by saying it would save time later.
John blinked slowly. “How could someone so brilliant- Yes, Sherlock, that is exactly what I just said. Even if it meant I wouldn’t see you again and I would never have a bondmate at all, I would not hesitate; not for one second.”
Several things happened simultaneously. Sherlock reached zero just as the alpha’s hand tensed on the knife. Letting himself go limp for a moment, Sherlock forced the man to adjust his grip to keep him upright. While the alpha was still off balance, he pushed up in a sudden violent jerk, snapping his head back to break the man’s nose. The sudden pain caused the alpha’s hand to instinctively loosen the grip of the knife around Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock’s answering smile was sharp. “Then what are you waiting for? The game is on John.” And with a whirl of his coat, Sherlock was gone.
Sherlock shot him an odd look that John couldn’t quite read before turning to continue walking. They were nearly to the house before Sherlock glanced back at him. “Thank you.” And with that, he strode inside leaving John to trail behind.
“Victim is an omega female, probably early 50’s, obviously well off.”  Pushing aside his discomfort with practiced ease, John leaned close to the body to better see the grisly wounds. “These fingers were removed, but it wasn’t a medical job by far. I would say bolt cutter or something similar. The ends were also cauterized, likely so she wouldn’t bleed out. Taken with the bruising on her face this reads like torture, but why?”
John froze as he made it to the front door, the last door. Surely Sherlock wouldn't have? But apparently, he would. The omega's coat and scarf were gone; there were no signs of a struggle, no evidence to suggest that anything untoward had happened. Sherlock had simply put on his coat, and walked away. The door was even locked behind him.
“So she called the gardener in to break into the office instead.” Sherlock stated with obvious doubt in his voice. “That’s not strange at all.”
A hostile young female alpha with dark hair stepped firmly in front of them before they could cross. “Hello, Freak.” She smiled nastily at Sherlock and she ignored John entirely.
“They are releasing me into the care of a private doctor.” Sherlock pointed out archly as he settled comfortably into the back seat. “You are meant to be taking care of me. Making sure I don’t suddenly bleed out and such. I’m hardly without medical assistance” John suspected that even without a ‘private doctor’ Sherlock wouldn’t have been content to wait to be released from the ward.
some distant part of his mind whispered, sounding suspiciously like his brother’s taunting voice. Sherlock dismissed the possibility instantly. John Watson was an honourable man; of that he had no doubt. If John said that he would stop, he would stop. That was one of the most alluring thoughts that Sherlock had ever had, he realized suddenly. He could do this. No, he corrected himself; he
“Exactly,” he responded icily, “you have no idea. So keep your insipid little notions about a so called ‘perfect match’ to yourself. Frankly, I haven’t the time.” Turning away to straighten his jacket and regain his composure he called over his shoulder. “I need a fresh cadaver. As recently deceased as possible, I have an experiment on post mortem bruising that pertains to an actual case, which is my actual job.”
"I was completely fine," Sherlock muttered as he looked down at his lap, pretending not to have noticed the aborted gesture. "I can take care of myself."
For the first time, Anthea stopped typing entirely as her head turned and she looked up into John's face. Her expression was mild, even pleasant. However, something sparked dangerously in her gaze. Her eyes whispered threats of violence previously unseen in this world. Her voice was polite, but each word was enunciated slowly and carefully as if she were speaking to a very small child. "That would be me."
John snorted, absently rubbing his fingers across Sherlock’s wrist. Sherlock was momentarily distracted, wondering if the alpha realized he was doing it. “A posh git in a big car picked me up and offered me 28 thousand pounds to bond with you.”
John strode up to a rather pretty dark-haired woman tapping on the blackberry as she waited on the sidewalk. She didn't bother to look up as she reached out with one hand to open the car door for him. "After you." Her voice was light and feminine, and exactly the opposite of the voice that John had wanted to hear this morning.
John groaned at his friends’ awful pun. They settled into a companionable silence as they each nursed their drink, caught up in their own thoughts.  Eventually Mike looked up at John. “So what have you been up to since you got home?”
"Oh, I'm sure it will," John gave a rueful chuckle, "but at least I'll be prepared next time, right?"
Eventually, John realized that Sherlock would never break the stiff tension between them. Casting about for a safe topic of conversation, he realized that the buildings surrounding them were largely unfamiliar. “Where are we going?” He didn’t miss how Sherlock startled slightly, as if he had forgotten there was anyone else in the car at all.
"You're overreacting, John." Sherlock returned, but the fire had begun to leave his words. "It was just a case." Sherlock's expression froze as he did his best not to betray the twinge of guilt he felt at those words. Sherlock had known the dangers before he left, but he simply hadn't been able to stay in that house for one moment longer. "I sent a text."
together.” John couldn’t stop the incredulous laugh that escaped from his lips. “I haven’t felt alive like that since… since I don’t even know when, and you did that for me.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes with at the man with a huff even as he appreciated John’s attempt to dispel the sudden awkwardness between them. “I don’t find it particularly amusing.”
“Nobody’s perfect.” John pointed out with a shrug. After a moment, he slid across the seat until his leg was brushing against the younger omega’s. “There are going to be things about me that you don’t like either. It’s better to just accept that from the start.” Sherlock’s lips pursed briefly, before he turned away again, but he left his leg to rest gently against John’s.
Molly almost dropped the organ in her hand as she stared at Sherlock, who was still staring intently into the microscope. “I’m sorry?”
That was rather interesting, John thought as he moved around to the other side of the desk. It wasn’t often that you saw an omega take on an alpha in a fight for dominance and win. Every time he thought he was getting a bead on Sherlock, the man surprised him.
Sherlock felt a strange warmth when John said that.  Studying the faintly embarrassed pinkness of his ears and the outraged set of his shoulders Sherlock decided that he was being sincere. This
“Of course.” Sherlock’s voice was dry. “How would they ever know what to do without you there to pull on their strings?”
. As if sensing Sherlock’s thoughts, Robert leaned close to his ear. “If you make a single noise, I will make sure you’re nothing but a bloody puddle with a body in the middle before he can even cross this room.” The alpha’s rank scent curled around Sherlock, and again he begun to feel like he was drowning in unpleasantness as Robert’s lips brushed along Sherlock’s neck.
“If they didn't want to bond they could always just use their rights to refuse the match.” Mike pointed out.
However, just as he stepped through the door he shot a last knowing look at Sherlock. “Oh, I nearly forgot.  As to your earlier statement, your little adventure wasn’t last night brother mine. It was the night before.” And with a swish of his coat, Mycroft was gone.
“I knew what I was doing John. He barely broke the skin. Look, it didn’t even need stitches and it’s almost gone now.” Sherlock raised his head to show the thin red line, determined to prove his point. “Some of the other cuts are healed entirely. My arm doesn’t even hurt!” Sherlock began to wave his previously injured arm around. “I’m fine!”
Leaning in again, John reached up immediately, initiating another heated kiss as one hand tangled in Sherlock’s hair and the other worked deftly to undo his trousers. Sherlock could feel the warmth between his thighs as John’s fingers began to gently brush against him through the thin fabric of his underwear.  John moved from his almost too sensitive vent to trace the underside of his penis. Sherlock arched back with a whimper at the touch, entirely unable to stay still under John’s hand. He nearly came completely undone right there as John pulled his underwear away completely.
He didn't quite realize when he had started to run, until suddenly he was rushing through the empty kitchen, trying desperately to find any trace of the other man. ‘
“Come along then.” Mike turned to continue down the path. “Let me buy you a pint and we can have a chat, yeah?”
"At least." John agreed with a small sigh before easing a little further into the seat behind him. Some of the tension began to drain from the air between them as John gave Sherlock a tired half-smile before continuing.
Since the call had come in, constant stream of data flowed into the speeding vehicle as they raced through the London streets. John’s refusal to be dismissed from the search rated a curious flick of the eyes from Mycroft, who had then dropped it immediately in favour of working out the logistics of the rescue. CCTV had picked up the abduction, but hadn’t managed to get anyone to Sherlock before he was stuffed unceremoniously into the back of an old blue Corsa. They had tracked the vehicle to an emptied warehouse near the docks where there were agents waiting on standby.
"It was a case, John. That's what I do." Sherlock bit back, eyes flashing dangerously "I'm not going to stop taking cases."
“Don’t think so loudly John.” Sherlock broke in as he unwound the scarf from his neck and hung it neatly on the hook provided. The man acted as if it were perfectly natural to walk into a random house and make himself at home. “This is one of Mycroft’s personal houses, it’s unlikely he has cameras inside. He’s a bit of a hypocrite that way.”
For a moment Sherlock felt the pain in his throat, saw the brightness of the light in front of his eyes, and knew that he was dead.  Then there was a face hovering over him. An angel, his addled mind supplied in the split second before he registered the scent of cedar and bergamot. Suddenly, everything snapped into focus around him.
Something about the way he said those words set John on edge. “Doing this as in actually being bonded, or the rest of it?”  He suspected he already knew the answer.
“It’s not my fault that they can’t keep their messy little secrets to themselves.” Sherlock retorted before turning back to the woman before him thoughtfully. “John, come here.”
John managed a polite nod at Greg before turning to the car. Sherlock held firm, watching the shorter man for several moments with an odd look on his face, but ultimately he allowed John to pull him away from the crime scene without as much as a backwards glance.
“The housekeeper lives in the detached gatehouse flat but she said she didn’t notice any odd noises and went to bed around eleven.”
Anthea's lips quirked slightly, as if she were barely holding back a laugh at the suggestion. "Yeah, no." Without a backwards glance, she walked away from the car, disappearing from view as she turned the corner onto the main road.
“Because you are not a wealthy man, and this is an important favour.” The man responded with a dark look at John. “And you seem to be the best option available to me.”
Reaching into his pocket, Greg grabbed his phone and hit Donovan's name. "Yeah, Sally? We need to call the girlfriend in for questioning."
At first he tried to ignore the car, but something about it sent alarm bells blaring in his head. He had come to trust his instincts in Afghanistan; they had saved him more than a few times when something just didn’t seem quite right. John spotted a tiny bookshop just ahead and ducked quickly through the door; he felt almost silly hiding from a car on the street as he moved into the shop and turned to look at the window. He didn’t see the car for a few moments, and was just starting to really kick himself for letting his imagination run away from him when it pulled up to the kerb outside and stopped moving.
Sherlock’s fingers began drumming against his knee in a complicated pattern that John couldn’t quite follow as he looked critically at the alpha. “What precisely are you suggesting I do? Run? Would you really help me leave if I decided right now that I had changed my mind? That I didn’t want to bond with you? After everything that’s happened between us already, would you let me go?”
Special thanks goes out to Chemical_Defect who pretty much dragged me through the last few months by the hair and got me to the point where I could finally finish this. You're an amazing friend and I'm lucky to have you.
Without thinking about it, Greg reached out to grab Sherlock by the arm, eyes widening as he got a full dose of pheromones in the process. Greg licked his suddenly dry lips. "Look here-"
“I don't need some alpha thinking to tell me what I can and cannot do. I get enough of that from Mycroft but at least now I don't have to worry about popping out a steady supply of pups for Queen and Country,” gesturing wildly around, Sherlock startled Mike enough to send him scuttling backwards towards Molly. Neither of the betas had seen Sherlock like this before, and yet he continued to yell.
Sherlock needed to see what all of the fuss was about. He had never wanted to give up his hard earned control to an alpha; it was the primary reason that he found the idea of bonding distasteful in general. This was something else entirely. A tendril of heat wound through his stomach where before he had felt only the light jittering of his nerves.
“I-I don't know.” Molly stuttered in embarrassment. “I mean, they are known for being sweet and strong. An alpha will always protect you no matter what. They will keep you close because you are precious to them.”
After what may have been fifteen minutes or five hours for all John knew, Mycroft hung up the phone. “They have confirmed 6 hostiles within the warehouse, though we are not ruling out the possibility there may be more. We have established a visual on Sherlock, he is a bit worse for wear but he has regained consciousness.”
“I know,” Sherlock replied, running a hand through his hair. He didn’t miss how John’s eyes followed the path of his hand, his own fingers reaching out slightly as if he wanted to reach out and smooth the curls back down. “However, I am unsure where to start.” Suddenly it was different than before, knowing that if he leaned in this time they would finish what they started.
The sudden bark of John’s genuine laugh made him jump. “Don’t worry about it. I’m sorry, I almost let things get out of control there for a minute.” John looked at him with obvious amusement. “I admit though, that it might have been worth it to see you blush like that. I don’t think I’ve ever seen someone turn that particular shade of cherry red.”
Sherlock nodded his head in apparent satisfaction. “Okay then.” There was a jingling at the door as a young beta came in and begun looking around the restaurant. “If we were bonded, you would be able to help me whenever I had a case. If you wanted to, that is.”
There was no knowing how long it took for John to finally get himself under control. By the time he managed to breathe steadily, the shaking of his hands had started to recede slightly. Slowly he pulled himself up from the floor, resting his weight onto his heels.  As he did, he became aware of the fact that for the most part, he was still distinctly undressed.
Angelo was a bear of a man, but John decided he liked him as they were ushered to a private corner booth. He even produced a rather sad little candle to put on the table between them with a wink.
Ignoring the startled doctors the man’s eyes latched instantly onto the omega. “Sherlock!” he barked. “Thank God, I’ve been everywhere. There’s a case. Will you come?”
John stepped forward to block Sherlock's path as the omega tried to stride away. "We need to talk." Looking pointedly at Greg, "in private," he added.
"I was fine." Sherlock hissed, eyes glinting steel as they narrowed on John. "You are completely overreacting."
His leg hurt. Oh, he knew that according to both his doctor and his therapist, there was nothing physically wrong with the leg. Unlike his shoulder, it hadn’t actually gotten injured in the firefight that got him shipped back home early. It certainly didn't feel that way though. Every step was agony.
“There you are.” The man from before came up to Sherlock, breaking John’s attention on the woman. “It took you long enough.”
“There are several things I suppose. Mycroft, Robert, the case.” He listed mechanically. He stopped for several moments before hesitantly continuing. “And I might say that I’m slightly uneasy about what’s going to happen. I never expected to be doing this.”
John couldn’t stop the breathy “That’s fantastic,” from escaping his lips. He blushed as Sherlock shot him another puzzled little smile.
The other alpha’s laugh was grating. “That would be quite stupid of me, wouldn’t it?” He taunted John, digging the knife a little deeper into Sherlock’s skin and drawing a few fresh drops of blood. “This little bitch cost me my mate, and my pup. He’s lucky to still be breathing at all.”
Sherlock worked to push the aching nausea to the back of his mind as he began to carefully inventory what he did and didn’t know. The fact that he had been abducted was obvious. He was tied securely; no amount of wiggling or trickery was able to loosen the rough hemp of the rope around his wrists or ankles. The radio was too loud to get any useful background information that would tell him where exactly he was, however, it was a local station so he was still firmly within London’s limits. That was good news at least. Occasionally one of the men mentioned ‘Sarah’ who was apparently the ringleader of this little abduction. Sherlock wracked his brain for any woman named Sarah, but he came up with nothing at all that might tie back to the predicament he found himself in.
Nearly sobbing with need, Sherlock turned to present to John. The alpha’s hand was steady at his hip, keeping Sherlock grounded as sensations wracked his body. John took the time to stretch him carefully even as slick practically dripped between his thighs. John’s talented hands ran across him, playing his body like an instrument as Sherlock begged, almost out of his mind in desperation.
"Yes. Sorry." Greg jerked his hand back as if he had been burned, and retreated a few feet under the suspicious gaze of the other alpha. Greg didn't know where John had come from, but he had known better than to try to touch Sherlock in his current state. "I won't touch him."
They were the only people for several feet in any direction. Everyone was giving Sherlock as wide of a berth as possible without actually having to go around the block to put the building between them.
“I’m not sure that threat is the right word, Sir.” The woman answered firmly. “He’s protecting the target, and is aggressive when we try to approach; otherwise he is not violent.”
“That’s amazing.” John mused to himself. Sherlock decided he could live with John’s apparent habit to say things like that aloud. He wondered if the man even noticed he was doing it. “You must be very good then.”  John stated, looking curiously towards the detective, “For Scotland yard to be calling you in for advice.”
John slowly removed his coat and shoes, leaving them at the door beside Sherlock’s. “Is there anything to eat; do you think?” John was famished; other than a few bites of invalid food at the hospital, he couldn’t remember the last time he had eaten a solid meal.
But back to the point, if there has been anyone on the grounds during murder they would not have failed to notice the screaming. The housekeeper did it. Her prints around the room are expected; as she is the one who keeps it clean, it wouldn’t be noteworthy. She killed the victim last night and locked the door behind her on the way out. This morning she called the gardener to help her ‘discover’ the body. She is likely a plant from someone whose business with the auction house was…less than satisfactory.”
After a few breaths, John watched as Sherlock’s careful mask slipped back over his features. Sherlock cleared his throat and a pale blush rose to his cheeks. “Sorry about that; I’m not really sure what came over me.”  He looked away. John took his cue to back away from the bed and begin to inspect a rather interesting lamp near his own bed.
Sherlock looked up from the microscope, shooting an exasperated look at the flustered woman. “Yes, a woman like you. While you apparently cannot follow a simple conversation, which you initiated I may add, you do possess some small amount of intelligence.  Your biology does not require you to select an alpha so it’s purely personal preference on your part. The important question is why. Why, out of every possible choice presented to you, would you choose an alpha over a beta when frankly that seems much more your speed?”
“You weren’t?”  Sherlock asked with a slight tinge of alarm; this was a major miscalculation, he realized. If John wasn’t actually looking for a mate then Sherlock could be back where he started.
Sherlock threw himself to the side, leaving a perfect opening for John. John took the suddenly clear shot as Sherlock’s body hit the ground, head banging hard onto the concrete. The sound of the gun going off was almost painful as it echoed around the large room. John darted forward with a yell, barely sparing a thought for the alpha on the ground with the hole in his head. He grabbed the unconscious Sherlock, pulling him quickly away from the body.
“No,” Sherlock responded, eyes a little too wide as he looked at John. “It’s fine.” The man looked away awkwardly before turning back to Lestrade. “If that’s all then?”
“Twice. That’s exactly how many times they can say no, and then its whoever the project wants to tie them to, like it or not. You know as well as I do how that really works out, all of that talk about the ‘perfect match’ be damned.”
Actually, Anderson won’t work with Sherlock but, “Well, you’re bloody well going to have to figure something out. Now will you
“Christ.” John’s voice was rough as he finally broke away, leaving the omega panting beneath him. “We need to stop ending up like this.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened slowly as he realized what John was really asking. “Well, we are working with a deadline after all,” he offered with a smile.
Sherlock’s eyes took in every detail of Robert’s appearance, from the wrinkles at the cuff of his otherwise immaculate suit, to the flexing muscles in his jaw, to the redness surrounding the gold band around his finger. Shit. “Your mate.”
Surprised, John glanced at his watch, half past noon. “It’s a bit early for that, but” he looked at Mike’s hopeful face. “Ok, yeah let’s do it.”
John watched the exchange with increasing disbelief. What precisely was going on here? The man was obviously with the police but why would the police be asking the omega for help? Why did the man- no, John corrected himself, Sherlock- seem so excited at the idea?
There was a body, or most of a body, behind a rather impressive desk at the back of the room. The woman was tied to the desk chair by a nylon rope and missing several fingers of her right hand. The missing fingers hadn’t gone far however, they were lined up in the desk with a neatness that made John slightly sick to his stomach. The stench of old blood and decay hung heavy in the air.
On a sudden impulse Sherlock leaned forward to crush his lips to the shorter mans. This time it didn’t seem to shock the man; with a rumbling growl that Sherlock could feel against his lips, John returned the kiss. As their mouths moved over each other, Sherlock let himself float in the sensation of being thoroughly kissed. Trails of tingling electricity danced across Sherlock’s scalp as John reached up to card his fingers through the dark curls.
As the cane fell, the sub finally cried out, Greg hadn't stopped to brush the now white lines he was leaving on the trembling skin and he was giving wide open strikes with the senior cane, tapping twice the skin just below the curve of Mycroft's thighs before throwing the blow on his cheeks.
John visited him every day now and stayed with him almost constantly. Since new cases had been running low lately, Sherlock really hadn't anything better to do, and, for the first time in his life, he had started to feel the compelling need for company. Subspace had become more and more familiar to him as John learned his strings, and his mind for once was staying calm.
John turned on the television, and Sherlock let the voices of the programs lullaby him, as he watching distantly John staring at the screen.
“Mmmh” John considered while he pushed the end a bit further in him, the sub moaned, “I guess we can try,” he said finally.
“Look, mate, I'm sorry” Greg was continuing his rambling, “We just met a few times while you were in rehabilitation and-” “I don't care, Lestrade” Sherlock cut him off, “I really could not care less” he added.
“Because he is a Dom?” Sherlock asked, his voice for a second returning cold,  “No, because he is a good person who cares deeply about you and he doesn't deserve that” John reproached, “You can pickpocket that Donovan any time you want” he added.
When John finally stopped he heard himself sob loudly, only then he felt the tears rolling from his eyes, his breath was fragmented, his legs were quivering convulsively, trying desperately to keep his arse up.
He wanted to be good, the wish was so intense that it ached inside him, he wanted to be a good boy again. John's hand caressed his warm cheeks, making part of the burning hot sensation fade away, Sherlock arched, searching the doctor's hand, hungry for contact.
“Please sir,” Sherlock panted, trembling in the electric painfully pleasure, “I'm so close” he pleaded, biting the cushion, “Please,” he repeated as John again, cruelly deaf to his begging, hit him again, “Please, sir, may I come” the sub managed to let out, loudly that he had intended, almost screaming as John stopped the spanking and started to stroke his cock with increasing pace, blessed by Sherlock's shiverings, as the sub tried not to come without permission, to be his good boy.
That should have told Mycroft that money would not be such a good lever, but on the other hand, it had given him the chance to test the man whose hand he had trusted his brother in.
“Go back to position, now” John's voice was heavy with inebriating command, he gave Sherlock a sharp stroke on his ass cheeks with the riding crop, making the sub shriek with pain.
The pain building inexorably was pushing him to an edge, he wasn't sure if it was close to surrender or to come, his chest struggled to breathe, a lump suffocated his throat.
After a few hours of failing attempts, the detective had finally solved the puzzle, it wasn't that much of a challenge, really: unsurprisingly, it was the humiliation that would scare them off, the perfect way to kill their pride and wish to try to dominate him, and Sherlock needed just a few minutes to find out their deepest weakness and promptly pointing it out, in a stream of cold sharp words.
He had been bad, he kept telling himself, and he was being punished for it. He imagined himself with countless stripes on his back, kneeling on the corner, that thought would send liquid coziness to his bowels, down to his crotch. His erection had been fading and returning frustratingly, adding more blessed expiation for his amend.
With the singular grandeur aura of dominance she seemed to have even toward fellow Doms,  she had taught him how to deal with even with the more troubled submissives, using her little personal harem as targets to teach John's how to punish for the longest time without damage, how to recognize symptoms of sub drop, discomfort, and need of submission that problematic subs weren't able to verbalize or even realize.
Once again, at John's command, Sherlock opened his mouth, the Dom's fingers, still wet with his own salivar, rested in the sub's mouth. This time Sherlock waited, impatience was transpiring from him. He let just his tongue to touch barely the Dom's skin, meeting with a daring glare the doctor's eyes.
The Dom blinked, he closed his eyes as if silently praying to have enough patience to not punch Sherlock in the face right at that moment.
The Dom's hand stroke his cock, sending shivering sparkles to his whole body that made him trembling and raising his head in shock.
Sorry, I feel actually bad for not updating for so long, so I decided fuck my writing block so here there is a double update, hope you like where this is going.
As always, suggestions, comments, and request are very welcome, I'm so grateful for the response I'm receiving, you guys are making this shitty time so much better, thank you so much.
The crotch of his trousers had started to grow tight already when Sherlock had moaned in pornographic lust, following the movement of his fingers opening him up, craving for more. John had observed his flesh wobbling as the crop had fallen on his cheeks,  the shriek that had filled the room tingling in his ears, the tremble in the whole sub's body that he had ignited while he had pushed the plug deeply in him so that the end of it was barely shining between his legs.
John was sitting on the armchair, holding a leash, at its end a very unhappy sub was kneeling. The idea of the meeting was John's then, Mycroft thought, not particularly surprised, and the leash was a new thing, that Sherlock clearly wasn't liking.
Finally, as he arrived in front of the familiar wooden door. John cursed his bad luck again as his keys fell from his hands leaving the bags to drop to the floor with a sigh, the Doctor crouched to take his keys.
The sub did, again the plug surprised him, his legs were shaking from the long time they had been kneeling.
“I would stop, there is no use,” Mycroft said, entering the hospital room, glaring at Sherlock struggling with the cuffs. He was holding a plastic cup. Sherlock wondered how much time he had been lying unconscious on the bed to get his brother to surrender and get a coffee from a hospital machine.
The Dom draw another circle on the reddening flesh before letting another blow fall, on the same spot, looking the cheeks tremble and the muscles tensing, and the second screams of pain fell deep in him.
The Dom touched the plug end, and the sub grunted as he pulled it out without any warning or delicacy, his cock was aching, it had grown against his trousers, pre-cum was already drooling from its end.
He let John lowering his trousers again, and he was surprised when the Dom started caressing his deeply bruising skin with a perfumed cream.
He walked slowly, covering with far too many steps the short distance that separated him from his Dominant, feeling his knees trembling a bit as he did. John's hand pushed him, in a soothing sweet way, guiding him to bend and lay on the couch, over his knee.
His erection was pushing painfully against the chair, and his mind had gone white, the only thing he could think about, even if in a very confused stream of thoughts, was how naughty he felt.
“Good boy”, Greg told him smiling, as he knelt, the young sub's hands had gone automatically at the base of his neck, since clearly, he had displeased his sir, “I never thought I would tell you that” the DI added.
His ropes had been removed, he shifted against Greg, nuzzling in his chest. The DI hugged him, caressing his sweaty hair, and kissed him, “Are you feeling better now, pet?” he asked with a voice so sweet that melted Mycroft's heart, “Yes, thank you, sir” he murmured.
He felt leather fastening around his neck and a metal cold buckle being closed on his nape. John's fingers checked that the collar wasn't being too tight, Sherlock looked at him in surprise.
The detective was making a point of not opening his eyes again, even if John was sure he was hearing closely any movement he did. He grabbed Sherlock's ear between his fingers, and he jerked him up from the couch.
When John had left, the day before, Sherlock had watched himself in the mirror. Light pink color and delicate traces of bruises forming were the only leftovers of his first punishment. Surprisingly the detective couldn't find in himself any grudge against the doctor, only a new wave of arousal at the idea he had been somehow marked by his hand.
some parts?” Sherlock commented playing offended, then “Can I read it?” he asked, “Sir?” he added belatedly.
On a positive note, I'm finally a certified beekeeper, I don't know why you would care about it, but yeah, let celebrate with some bdms smut.
He had noticed the collar his old friend was showing on his neck, and along with it, the bruises and wounds he was hiding below his clothes.
He took Sherlock's chin, forcing him once again to face him. His eyes were clouded, his pupil big in contrast with his iris' icy colour, the doctor could feel his heart pumping fast, “Stand up,” he commanded, with no severity in his tone, just liquid pure pleasure that almost melted Sherlock.
“Then, why are you here, if you don't want my advice, John?” She asked, taking a sip of wine, observing the Doctor uneasily. Her lipstick red lips were smiling amusedly.
Sherlock didn't'  delay this time, he didn't stop to think about the flush of gratitude he felt was for something that would end to cause him pain. As he reached the table in clumsy movements, he stared at the crop. John followed him, purposefully slow even if he himself was impatient, he couldn't let the play fall.
Not even giving John the time to reply, Sherlock ran out of the line, and a beat after the doctor followed him. With his decisive walk, the detective passed in front of everyone, while people started complaining, John muttered a repeated apology, Sherlock finally arrived at the desk on the opposite side of the room.
Sherlock had been searching the gym bag thoroughly, taking mental notes on the objects he didn't recognize, he would have to do some research after.
“I'm not his pet,” John corrected, frowning at the implication. Sherlock was looking out of the window, “Quite the contrary actually” he commented dryly.
Mycroft's mouth curved almost imperceptibly, in that the Dom recognized the kinship with Sherlock: he had said something stupidly obvious.  The older Holmes, however, was too polite to point it out as the detective would. The sub smiled instead, “Yes, I am, Doctor, and I worry deeply for my brother's state,” he said gravely “and that's why I would like to follow every improvement he does, very closely".  The last words had been said with more emphasis.
Then Donovan, after Sherlock had humiliated her exposing her affair, had said with a malicious voice, “Oh, little freak, you know you don't need to misbehave like that, if you need a spanking you can always ask”, she had smiled coldly. Sherlock had frozen, he had heard distantly Greg yelling at the woman, defending him.
John was pushing, he was aware of that, and something in Sherlock's humiliation delighted him deeply, arousal was starting to blossom deep down in him as he yanked the leash. His sub had to surrender at the idea that he was his, no matter whose eyes might be watching.
“Do not act up, Sherlock” the Dom hissed “or forget about the play and we do another punishment instead” he threatened “and I can assure you it won't be so light as yesterday.”
Sherlock grunted sharply, causing a new wave of bitterish taste and blazing saliva to climb up his nose. His fingers curled, his nails biting down the wood of the chair he was bending on, his legs folded. He chocked around the soap bar, almost bitten in two, secured firmly between his teeth as he prepared himself for the next blow of the belt.
Part of Sherlock's brain was still refusing to accept the blame for how the events had turned out, yet he swallowed before saying, maybe with too much force “I'm sorry, Sir”.
When John stopped, his arm was aching a bit, Sherlock was trembling, and even after he heard the Dom putting the belt down, he stayed still, returning in position, fighting the hiccups that were shaking him from the inside.
When finally the floor was clear, John, with stern commands, made him tidy up the table, the bookcase, and every other surface he found messy or dirty. The cage was turning more and more uncomfortable as the game went on, frustratingly preventing Sherlock's cock to fill its erection. His movements had become more and more painful to make as the cage grew tighter, arousing him even more. The need for friction was getting more and more hard to ignore, but the last scrap of dignity prevented him from daring to try to touch himself.
John swallowed the pill with a sip of water from the sink, then he washed the sweat from his face. His breathing had been going more and more regular, despite he could still feel the pain in his chest.
“Sir,” Sherlock said, almost stumbling on the address,  a bit dazed from John's silent reproach, “This is Mrs. Hudson, my landlady” he did the formalities with clear annoyance.
His taunting was interrupted as John grabbed his curls, forcing him to bend his neck up and meet the Doctor's enraged eyes, “And is provoking me one of your favorite kinks, little brat?” he asked. Sherlock smiled broadly.
“Oh, I know you are busy,” John said, “Detective inspector Lestrade called me,” he added. Sherlock opened his eyes for a brief moment, he glared at John, sighed, and then returned to his strange meditation position.
Sherlock wheezed, “Thank you, sir” he said with a shaking voice, and he indeed felt like John had just rewarded him immensely.
He had smashed Victor's house door open. The Dom was there, holding a long cane that was dropping blood. In a split second, Sherlock was on him, and he had hit him, again and again. He didn't recall much else, their blood mixing, his hands going numb, Victor's body laying on the table.
Greg grabbed his collar, forcing the sub to uneasily raise his head, “Talking back, little brat?” he asked mockingly, his voice between a laugh and actual threat, “That really doesn't suit you, does it?”, Mycroft's only answer was a sharp grunt, Greg let him go, and the sub's head fell again against the mattress.
The sub found himself on Johns lap, embraced in the Dom's soft jumper, “It's all right, little one” John whispered, “You are so good,” he continued like a soft lullaby, “Breath now,” he said, caressing his back in big circles, hushing him.
He sighed heavily thinking about Sherlock, the picture of him at the hospital, dazed by the drugs they had to injected him with to calm him down. The doctors had explained to Mycroft it had been necessary, Sherlock had been in a state of blind rage and emotional breakdown, he had been violent against anyone that had tried to come near him. So they sedated him, like a rabid stray.
John was pretty sure Sherlock would have starved himself to death before going to buy any groceries, and even if the Doctor had tried multiple times to teach the Detective some responsibility, in the end it was always him who had to give up first, getting out of the house at sunrise on an empty stomach, since there wasn’t anything to make breakfast with inside the house -not even necessary for a cup of tea- and start a desperate quest for food.
The detective, with his hair dripping from the cold shower Greg had forced him in to sober him up, had dismissed the man's worries calling them “A hysterical exaggeration of a simple miscalculation of the dose”. Greg at that point had slapped him with such a rage Sherlock didn't even think the man was capable of.
“I had been calling you for a while, and waited outside a long time before Mrs. Hudson returned and finally opened me the door,” John informed him, “You weren't responding at all, I was close to calling 999,” he said, he looked relieved but then he crossed his arms as he did when he was disappointed by Sherlock's behavior,  “Did you forget our appointment?”
Yet the image of the stripes on him was still very vivid in him, he craved it as it went less real in his head.
But when the sub when he was still foggy, as he described it, he found it pleasant to see the Dom's little reaction to the quite flat plots, to not have his entire attention but still be in his arms, caressed tenderly by the Doctor's hands, so television had soon become part of his aftercare routine, they would lay on the couch, John cuddling him while they watched some random show and Sherlock watching him with adoring eyes, hugging a pillow and usually ending up falling asleep.
“Come on, I'm too uncomfortable here, I'm too old for this” John said, and with Sherlock's surprise and an exaggerated huff, he lifted the sub. Despite the height difference, Sherlock was still quite underweight and Captain Watson managed to pick him up in his arms and carry him.
“Breath, slowly,” the dominant told him, inviting to match his breath, inhaling and exhaling slowly. Sherlock followed, the stinging on his scalp was tinging, infuriating, and then it was slowly released. Johns's fingers were still holding his curls, but with less force, in an almost patronizing soothing.
Sherlock's broken tears wet the soft wool of John's cardigan, together with white soap stains, while the doctor kept praising him, for how good he had taken his punishment, for how beautiful he was like this, and assuring him his so agonized forgiveness.
The familiar sensation of trepidation mixed with fear filled Sherlock's chest as he shakily climbed over the chair, hands flat on the seat. The air was cold on his naked legs, he was still wearing his pants, but not for long, he was sure.
It was very different from John's hand, the sting started cold, letting his skin numb, and then fire raised in a thin line and burn in the spot where the extremity had landed.
The doctor glared at that annoying light that had followed them throughout that infinite trip, giving him the alien and unpleasant sensation of an unnatural long day.
In general, it was important to let subs in training some free time, to cool down and to not get too overwhelmed with a suddenly constant relationship, in Sherlock's case, John was sure it was vital, as much as a gradual approach to things. He had added just a few more rules, like bedtime and the recommendation to eat, ensuring that failing to do so will have consequences. Sherlock had at first rolled his eyes, then blushed at the threat, and, at John's request, he had murmured a “Yes, sir”.
Mycroft whimpered, a protest maybe or a sound of relief, “Oh, pet, I'm not quite done yet,” the Dom assured him. He brushed his work with satisfaction, making Mycroft whimper once again, with a sob.
And now he was feeling as lost and fool as he had felt then, he had to trust someone else to take care of the situation,  over which he clearly had been stripped of any authority or control.
The sub pain ringed, filling the air, his hands ran to his backside, as confused pleading words rushed from his mouth, he looked at John, lost in subspace.
The Doctor was the fourth Dominant Mycroft had sent in a week and the sub had learned plenty from the previous experiences, probably not exactly what he was supposed to learn though.
The fact that undoubtedly he had been the favorite gossip of Scotland Yard for the past few days, that he had pretended to be a Dom all along, and, even worse, he had been caught in his lie.
John chuckled, deeply, it almost sounded like a growl, “What do you think, my good boy? Shall we head to the bedroom?”, his own cock was pressing on Sherlock's low belly through the fabric of his now stained trousers and an intense primordial craving was permeating his voice.
Greg walked around him, inspecting him closely, contemplating his naked, obscenely exposed sub. He pinched his ass cheek, Mycroft let a little adorable scream of surprise and shifted away.
Sorry for the little delay, finals had started so I am a bit busy, that's also why this chapter is so short, I will update soon tho.
Mycroft shrieked as he entered him, slowly but forcefully, moaning as his whole length rested for a moment inside his sub. He once again grabbed with two fingers Mycroft collar, pulling him against his cock, preventing any escape.
John rolled his eyes, he grasped without the least trace of delicacy Sherlock's hair, dragging him to the living room. The sub, taken by surprise, tried to fight, managing only to yell an “Oi!” as he was forced to crawl, after all, scrambling his feet as he tried to catch up with the Doctor's pace to not get his scalp torn away.
“All forgiven now,” John continued reassuring him, “You are so good, my good little boy”, he kissed his neck beneath his collar repeatedly, making the sub giggle. The icing blue eyes, still shining with tears but yet smiling, met John's gentle glare, and the Dom kissed his cheeks, bringing new giggles to rise.
“He is mocking me” Sherlock complained, his childish tone swollen by the wooden floor. John rolled his eyes, “Then you talk with him,” he said, “without acting out against me, the whole point of this is to make you easier to act according to your dynamic in front of others, as I told you” he added sternly, “the only rule was to kneel at my feet, and you managed to break it in less than ten minutes.”
He again jerked the leash, less intensely this time, a not verbal order to follow him. Mycroft crawled behind him, following him to their bedroom.
The doctor looked at him, so peacefully sleeping, snuggling deep in John's chest like showering in his scent. His own arousal had gone softening, even if he had wanted to fuck Sherlock's bruised flesh so much it had ached as the sub had been trembling around his hand stroking his oversensitive cock, he knew that would have been too soon, that it would probably overwhelm him.
He let his hand caress Sherlock's hair, and then his back, sighing. Sherlock's backside had been cooling down, John could feel the blisters the riding crop had left, his skin was swollen and peachy.
Greg lifted the blindfold, the sudden light blinded Mycroft, he blinked annoyed by it. His Dom was smiling at him as he brushed his tears away, he smiled back.
“More than being beaten by you?” Sherlock asked, a bit more bitter than he intended. John let for a moment the rope go, then the crack of the crop against his thigh made the detective jump.
The change in Sherlock had been so fast, he was sure the sub was on the verge of subspace, not totally gone but very close to it.
He knew that it was common practice to reproach gifts but he had rarely received ones. His brother and him agreed with the fact it was a quite boring task, so, except the times when Sherlock found something that would annoy him, they tended to not exchange gifts of any kind.
The position Sherlock was now on was quite uncomfortable, his legs' muscles had started to hurt, stretched out as they were.
They watched the television, John making sure to comfort Sherlock, to caressing him while he watched, Sherlock looked distracted, snuggling occasionally against him while hugging his toy, inhaling John's scent deeply.
John laid at his side, caressing his hair and covering him with those sweet little kisses. Sherlock shifted, nuzzling his head against the Dom's feverish body, letting himself getting cuddled with little sighs as the Doctor covered them both with the soft bedspread.
'How dare he', John thought with sarcasm, but he let the sub explain himself, “I don't need him to defend me, he is just as idiotic as she is, as everyone is” he growled, “You all live so happily in your little simple microcosm, not seeing anything unless it's rubbed on your face,” he spatted, he didn't care to hide his anger anymore.
That was the only part of the scene Sherlock was going to have any word on and he didn't want to make it harder on the detective by staring at him as he inspected the collection of implements John had brought. A little semblance of control on the situation was all some subs needed, especially at the beginning, he had only made sure to remove any implement that would resemble a cane, given Sherlock's recent experience, and had left him with an otherwise rich range of toys.
Sherlock at that seemed to return completely to reality, he sunk to his knees, “I'm sorry, Sir” he whispered, “Time passes differently there” he explained.
John let his fingers run on Sherlock's curls, whispering sweet praises as the detective breath increased, warming his crotch, “Such a beautiful thing you are, so good for me,” his words went lost in the sub's mind, still gray and slowly returning in a more awakened state.
And with that, Sherlock started to pile the many things that were lying abandoned on the floor, old case notes, spam mail, discarded experiments, and other things whose existence he had completely forgotten. John stood just behind him, watching him closely as he tide up, still holding the wooden paddle that Sherlock, with his own disgust, was now finding quite tempting. The effect of the penance for his first infraction had been fading, the sweet warmth had abandoned his skin and the craving for a little more was already rising.
He had visited Sherlock, undoubtedly to check if he was keeping himself clean, and, as his older brother was concentrated on picking one of the pieces of the Operation game, the detective had been staring at it curiously.
When Sherlock panted breath started to calm down a bit, the Dom let the spoon fall, without stopping anymore. The sound of the swats mixed with Sherlock's poorly suffocated complaints was almost deafening him, he watched the sub struggling, curling his toes and squirming away,  almost making the chair fall under him as his skin reddened and went warmer.
The Dom brushed his hole, tutting, “You are so beautiful, my little one” he growled, as he kissed the sub's cheeks, he heard Sherlock's initial panic calming down now and the sub returned to hide in the sheets, savoring the new burning on his hole left by the crop.
Sherlock knelt in front of John, his fingers were holding tightly his choice, not without a hint of regret already. He offered John the leather riding crop.
He had continued Sherlock's lecture about pretty standard things, of which yet the detective seemed completely oblivious, like colour system and safe-wording. John had wondered, without saying it out loud, how any adult man could reach Sherlock's age without knowing such stuff and yet being able to list the last places you had been in chronological order just glaring at the mud below your shoes.
“Please, what, boy?” John said sounding cruelly mocking, “Return to position and take the punishment you deserve, now,” he ordered, raising his voice just a little more than normal, his tone was cutting sharp.
It was vaguely arousing, if anything, the idea that he had accepted to be owned, that he had asked for it, and that now he belonged to John, “You are mine, now” the doctor's possessive low yet sweet voice was still sounding vivid in his head.
A hand caressed his things, slowly. The sub was wearing his cotton light blue pajamas, he hadn't found the visit of the umpteenth dominant quite an occasion to dress up properly.
Greg looked at him amazed. John smiled at him “Do you think he really means it?” he asked the other Dom playfully.
After his rough punishment, Sherlock had cried for long minutes, his face hid in the comfort of John's hug, he had apologized in a stream of disrupted words between sobs. He had needed time to reemerge from the waters of subspace, he hadn't nap, just stayed on John's lap, eyes closed. His mind was feeling lighter than before, like if an unknown weight had been removed from him, and as the fog of subspace dissipated his reasoning seemed to be more clear than ever.
Slowly, his mind was returning to function, he realized, with a weird calm, that he had let John proclaim him as his own in the most primal and deepest way, that he had been somehow marked in a way far more significant than the bruises the Dom had left on his body in the previous sessions of their agreement, and even more than the bite mark that was mildly burning on the base of his neck.
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes narrowed “I don't need it, I am able to control myself” he said, “no matter as much influence you think you have on me”, he added with a cold smile, mocking the Dom's words. For a moment, John fell silent, Sherlock looked at him gloatingly at seeing the effect his remark had on the Dom, “It wasn't a suggestion, boy”.
The Dom concentrated the swats on the same spot repeatedly, hitting the lower part of the sub's butt with force and with no mercy, alternating with quick blows each side, watching as it went white immediately after the blow and then fast reddened. Sherlock's screams had gone more and more suffocated by the sub's tears when he finally stopped, he was shaking visibly, collapsed on the chair and his cock was pressing painfully erected against the back of it.
John kept teasing him, tasting every sound of discomfort and excitement from Sherlock, first touching him only with the crop, but then he started to kiss him instead, biting him occasionally. He kissed his neck, his tensed shoulders, his chest, and then finally, he grabbed his crotch, tightly squeezing it, feeling the sub's cock hardening beneath his fingers. And as Sherlock leaned forward, moving his hips in search of friction, John let him go.
The scene of Sherlock's enraged, standing up as he unbuckled his leash, still made Mycroft smirk a bit, even the detective must have realized how serious his infraction had been.
The idea that his older brother might finally have his revenge had crossed Sherlock's mind and, even worse, the humiliation of acting as the sub John wanted him to be in front of Greg and Mycroft made him cringe. However, he knew neither of those was a good reason to justify his refusal, so the discussion had ended with John slightly irritated by Sherlock's tantrum, and, since the sub clearly had no intention to kneel while they waited for the guests to arrive, with a leash attached firmly to his collar.
He had seen with exquisite satisfaction the doms fell, one by one, their faces had all passed from shock to rage to red shame, and, finally, they had left, immediately or after throwing a little scene.
“I apologize, Sherlock,” John said, the sub looked up at him surprised, “I didn't realize that two days would be enough to throw you off so badly,” he said, there was real contrition and worry in his tone, and that fed both Sherlock's rage and guilt. The doctor caressed him, waiting for the boy to settle a bit, trying to soothe the painfully strong emotion that was clenching Sherlock's chest.
The paddle he had picked was wide enough to cover both cheeks at once, he let it fell various times, always pausing to caress the increasingly sensitive skin before igniting him with a new colour, gradually raising the momentum of his movement, ignoring his arm getting tired and showering in Mycroft's shrieks.
“Thank you, sir” Sherlock moaned, his breaths were slowing down a bit as he laid back on the couch, the fog that was getting more familiar to him started to numb his mind after the blinding orgasm, melting beneath John's sweet kisses on his back and shoulders, almost giggling as the Dom kissed him rapidly.
“Do you want me to order a search in your flat?” Lestrade tried to soothe the anger in his tone, unsuccessfully, “Considering your past, I wouldn't have any difficulty to have a warrant,” he threatened.
Sherlock looked up at him with a glower glare at that, but he took the bite anyway, John had to hold a laugh at the detective's spout.
Sherlock's face petrified, “Why don't you piss off, Mycroft?” he growled, snapping away from John's gentle hand. His Dom once again pulled him back, but Sherlock grabbed his wrist with force, “Stop that!” he screamed, getting finally on his feet, facing his Dom with blind anger, “Why don't you piss off too, actually” he barked out, and as soon as those words escaped his mouth he regretted them, he felt his ears whistling, every fiber of his body was urging him to kneel, to apologize, to beg John's eyes to not look so hurt.
Apparently, I still manage to write chapters without having to give up on my own kinks so much, so here a bit of plot and dialogue, I hope it is not boring.
A shiver had run through his spine as the sub reminded the severe whipping he had received, the bites of the birching were still smarting on his entire back, from his shoulders down to his thighs. It had been the first time his skin had been broken, even if only slightly.
John grabbed his curls and pulled his hand away, ignoring Sherlock's teeth that for a brief moment inevitably clenched around his fingers, not enough to actually bite him though.
A shiver went down Sherlock's spine, “So, what? You are going to beat me?” he snarled, “Isn't that what your kind loves to do?”, his disgust was evident.
He grabbed the pants elastic, smiling as he heard Sherlock's little sounds of the panicked complaint, he pulled them down, letting them run down to the sub's ankles, contemplating the red wide stripes his strapping had left. The marks of their last scene were there, fading beneath the new signs he had drawn.
“Don't believe for a second you are in charge of this game, Sherlock” John threatened, his voice had gone deep, “or that you can manipulate me to get what you want,” he said pushing his fingers deep in Sherlock's throat, before pulling his hand back.
“Sherlock!” The Doctor shouted louder as the young man got into the cab.“Where are you going?” he asked holding the door ajar.
John embraced him, laid down on the couch's seatback while holding him on his lap tightly wrapped in his arms.
John patted on his back, suddenly, dragging the sub out of the warm calm he was tasting, “Let's get up, pet, we have stuff to do” he said.
They hadn't been playing a proper scene for the past week, Mycroft had been in need of comfort over anything, but the grudge and deep sense of powerlessness hadn't allowed him to properly submit. Greg, on the other side, had been swinging between rage against the abusive bastard that had made Sherlock snap and against Sherlock himself for being clearly a reckless idiot and deep worry for his friend's well-being.
His trousers were pulled up, igniting the hotness of his skin, and not letting it worn away in the air.
“Now,” the doctor said, suddenly returning to the relaxed tone of before “I've been told you never had a proper relationship in your life, is that correct?”
“Honestly, Sherlock, it never occurred to me you might be that stupid”, Mycroft said casually, stirring his coffee “What other outcome were you exactly expecting to archive, ignoring your more natural needs, lying”, the older brother continued, “No wonder you ended up tied on a hospital bed”.
When John started to massage his scalp, with dainty fingers, Sherlock closed his eyes, letting any doubt go, he leaned his forehead against the doctor with a deep sigh that sounded almost as purr. The shampoo lather stained his sweater, but the Dom embraced him for a long moment, as he continued to massage the young's man soft curls.
Before Greg, he used to accept punishments for his mistakes coldly and stoically immerse himself in the waters of subspace, getting through them as a necessary formality, but now he would be miserable just from knowing he had earned punishment and he craved Greg's approval more than anything. He had respect for the man, and, for once no secondary means, a thing that not even the highest ranks of the country could say to have. He loved him.
Sherlock thought of various cruelly sarcastic answers he could give to that, what was wrong was the fact he had to kneel in front of an idiot while a killer was running free, that he had left himself go weak, attached.
“My number is on the internet, he has a phone for personal use and a work one, I needed an unknown number” Sherlock explained plainly, “Also he was been annoying, I pickpocket him when he is annoying” he added.
Sherlock was barely hearing the blows anymore, his concentration was on the pain now very present on his backside. The groans had built up in volume as the now burning warmth had.
Neither of them had spoken until that moment, they had returned Sherlock's flat in silence after Sherlock had dismissed Greg's questions.
When he heard the lube cap snapping, Mycroft arched, even more, opening himself without been told to, waiting with sweet disquietude what was next.
“That you are an addict, as much as I am” Sherlock answered ignoring the sparkle Dom's anger had lighted in him, “And that you ignored your needs as much as I did, and pretended to be someone else,” he added, more cautiously.
Again John’s mind took some time to react, standing right out of the cab “Maryland?” He asked, “as in, like, the USA, Maryland?”
Sherlock sighed heavily, he moved, but John stopped him, grabbing the leather collar again, “You say 'Yes, Sir' when I give you an order, boy” the Dom commanded almost threateningly.
Sherlock had served John some tea, there wasn't much else to eat in the kitchen, food tended to expire in his house so he didn't mind to buy much anymore.
The sub let out a muffled complaint, he didn't like the gag at all, it was uncomfortable, his jaw would start to hurt very soon and the saliva inevitably drooling was just humiliating, “Oh little boy, you should know this by now, you talk too much, this is what you get” John mocked him.
Sherlock's eyes went wide with surprise and then annoyance appeared on his face, feeling almost betrayed by John's rough reprimand and abrupt stop to something he was sure the Dom was enjoying, just to make a point, he thought.
His older brother silently reprimanded him, if he had found irritating the continuing disrespectful manners Sherlock showed to his Dominant before, it was worse now, pure rudeness.  The younger Holmes just stared at him daringly.
Sherlock frowned at the order, the idea of his tall body clumsily crawling around was humiliating and unnecessarily uncomfortable, he thought about arguing, but the spell that John had going building on him didn't let his mouth open. He just stared with a meaningful glare that was easily translatable in 'Screw you, I won't'.
The Dom had grabbed his mandible, tightly, forcing the sub's mouth to open enough for the soap to enter. Sherlock immediately gagged as his tongue instinctively licked the foreign object, his body urged him to spit it out, “Don't you dare, boy” John growled as if reading his mind, grabbing for a brief moment Sherlock's curls.
In front of her, a female sub was tied up, on all four on the floor. She was gagged and blindfolded, the purple silk ropes were sinking in her white flesh, the pink diamond end of a but plug was shining between her legs. On her back, precariously balanced, a glass of white wine was sweating pearly water that rolled on her skin. John was sure if even a drop of wine got spilled, the sub would pay harshly.
The Doctor was still holding the crop in his hand, as Sherlock saw it moving, he shouted his eyes closed, embracing himself for the blow that never came. John raised his chin with the crop extremity, “Don't forget your position, boy” he said, quite sweetly. Sherlock, surprised, straightened up again instantly.
John's cold hands massaged the pain away, fading it into a dull sweet presence, he felt his hands, dripping with lube, entering slowly and delicately in him, opening him, loosening his muscles with expert fingers. The Doctor slowly increased his pace, letting more and more length entering the hot entrance, matching the raising noises that he was making emerge from the trebling submissive.
He had come in the sub's flat early in the morning, not surprised to find Sherlock kneeling on a pillow in the center of the living room, as he had been told to.
Sherlock let out a surprising complaint as the wooden paddle fell on his cheeks with a loud crack. His skin, first cold against the smooth wood, slowly warmed, “Yes, Sir” he whispered, out of breath as he felt the pit of his stomach blossom and his crotch growing inside the cage.
He let only the end to touch Sherlock's skin, gradually increasing the pace but never giving it too much force and pausing frequently to tease him with it, watching the sub waiting with bated breath the next wave of pain. His erection had started to painfully grow in his trousers.
John looked at Sherlock collapsing on the table, he had come powerfully “I could watch you like this all day, you know?” he whispered in his ear, hidden below his messy curls.
The sub's eyes were cast down, looking uncomfortably at his slender body. He had never liked it much, its angular figures and the way too pale skin, his long arms and legs weren't elegant at his eyes, resembling a scarecrow, and he had never felt particularly at ease naked. His body was only an unwanted weight to his intellect, always slowing him down with its annoyingly constant needs.
Sherlock once again had grabbed his hand, “This way, sir” he panted. He rushed directions, changing them often, calculating fast the route.
He had made clear to Greg, as he had invited him and his sub over, that this wasn't a formal meeting, Sherlock wasn't clearly ready to deal with the complicated dance the etiquette of that would require, but rather an informal friends reunion, to assure them both that the detective was doing fine and actually making progress.
Sherlock was now looking in his eyes, John could see his pupils going bigger, and the internal struggle quite obviously happening in the sub whole body.
He had always avoided sleeping in the same bed with them, he would cuddle them asleep after scenes, and then force himself to not slip too much deep in dreams, focusing on the constant pain of his leg with his eyes shouted open in the darkness. It helped, sadly, that most of them were as traumatized as he was, that they would wake up in panic often, giving John a reason to stand up and guard them.
John caressed him, tenderly massaging him, and hushed him. “I'm sorry” Sherlock cried out, “I'm so sorry” he repeated, as he himself couldn't believe it.
John followed the all detective, running impatiently through the chaotic flock of tourists filling the shiny corridors of the airport. The orange sun, warm despite the season, was entering from the huge windows.
His skin had gone on fire, and every blow had started to send shivers of powerful arousal and he now was sure he would never get enough of it, he wanted his skin to feel warm and tender more and more.
John had going increasing force and rhythm, not letting his palm just fell flat of Sherlock's backside but keeping his finger together and let the strikes run on the cheeks' curve. He had always liked this kind of punishment, a bit old fashioned maybe, and it was definitely less of an impact than any implement would be, but it allowed to keep it going on for a long time without making any serious damage, allowing the sub to gradually melt beneath it.
“But don't you worry, I sorted things out for a change” he added sarcastically, “I won't have you sent to one of those training centers, letting them sedate you constantly, even if you might think it would be pleasant,” he said, “I got yourself a private trainer Dominant”.
The Dominant had started to hit him quite intensely, letting his own sore pulsing palm fall on him with full force, elated by Sherlock's lustfully sounds, concentrating the strokes on few spots, covering them over and over again with rapid smacks while the sub was wetting with warm precum his other hand.
Sherlock moaned loudly, “Please, I'm sorry,” he said, panting for air not sure for what he was sorry for and wanting to get up, but the doctor's hand pushed him down again. “Laid still, boy, I'm not quite finished with you yet” he scolded, and, even before Sherlock could return to his position, a new blow fell on his burning backside.
, why everyone seemed to think he was traumatized? “But that doesn't excuse you for being unnecessarily rude, does it?”
John caressed the detective's hair. The tendered touch felt patronizing on Sherlock's skin and the sub shifted away, escaping John's touch. At that, the Dom tutted, and pulled the leash, Sherlock hissed annoyed, “I can touch you as much as I want, boy” John whispered, “You don't get away from me like that” he scolded lowly.
As the fingers of the doctor entered him, Sherlock returned to moan, he moved, even if almost imperceptibly, trying to escape whatever was going on. “Hush and stay still” John tutted, a hint of displeasure returning in his voice.
A giggle escaped from Mycroft's mouth, he couldn't help it. Sherlock almost jumped on him but the painful twist on his ear stopped him.
John let his fingers ran over the leather of Sherlock's belt, it was undoubtedly real quality hide. For someone who seemed to care so little about anything materialistic, Sherlock sure had a taste for expansive clothes.
Greg scoffed, “Here we go again” he murmured. Before John could ask what he meant, the detective continued, “Could you at least try not to feel so good about yourself, or do you want to suffocate us all with the immensity of your inflated ego?” he shouted again, trying to step up on his feet, but John pulled the leash, forcing him back to the ground with a thud.
The sub grabbed on the other's wrist more tightly, before releasing it with a hiss. His hands went on his nape, his finger interlaced with rage, he ignored the pain on his wounded knuckles.
“Not anymore, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, amused by Sherlock’s irritation “You don’t really think you can enter into an FBI investigation without an invitation, do you?” he said, assuming that tone he always used when his little brother was being silly, and that made Sherlock’s blood boil with irritation.
Silence fell. John looked down at his sub, confused by what had just happened, Mycroft's smile grew bigger.
The sub wheezed with painful relief as the pressure on his erection was finally released. John kissed him once more, and then stroke his cock. Sherlock whimpered, hiding his face against Dom's chest, breathing deeply against his shirt, smelling his scent.
It was an anachronistic way to think about sex, he realized, promiscuity was the norm nowadays, even for submissives, no longer forced to be tied, almost as mere property, to only one Dominant, but not for him. He had refused to enter that world completely and his urges had been quiescent for so long he thought he had managed to free himself by them.
He was dragged, with not much delicacy, and thrown across the coffee table. His arms ached, he could feel his wrist signed by the coarse rope, the clamps hurt as his nibbles touched the cold hard surface of the wood. John was holding the jute, making it even tighter around his arms. Almost unconsciously, Sherlock moved his fingers, they tingled and felt a bit cold but he could move them. It really was sort of reassuring.
During their trip home, however, an unpleasant sensation had been crippling in his stomach, dried his mouth with a bitter taste, while Greg drove in silence.
The detective stopped for a beat, the hand of the dead lady still in his hand, and took his little lens from his pocket “They get so amazed, while everything I say was just there, in front of them as much as it was in front of me” he continued, turning to Will “But how do you do?” He asked again getting closer to the profiler, who looked away again.
Sherlock wanted to get up, to return to his mind palace, but yet something in John's tone forced him to assume the kneeling position that was becoming more and more familiar to him. As he delayed to fully obey, John twisted his ear painfully, “I said heel, Sherlock” he barked, the anger was red in his voice and his tone had raised.
The sub screams increased in volume, barely suffocated by the mattress, interrupted only by occasional moans. The increasing burn was sending him deep in the craved space where his worries would disappear, where he wasn't himself anymore.
“What a shame,” the Dom commented, amused by Sherlock's growing outrage, but he was partially honest: the idea of Sherlock's elegant body in a suggestive french maid skirt, that wouldn't cover much of him, with white lace against his pale skin and pearly ass was so tempting.
Sherlock let out a scream, it hurt, so much that he couldn't help it, despite himself. John let him recovered a bit from the surprise, watching the redness the spoon had already let on Sherlock's pale skin.
“Well, that's more he ever told me,” the DI answered, “I never heard him apologizing before, and he did a lot in the years I know him.”
There were moments in which he couldn't feel the plug, the coldness of the metal had completely subside, washed out by Sherlock's body warmth, and he was almost able to forget about it in him until a new pulse would suddenly remind him.
It was the third time. If when he was a Dom his behavior had been sure considered rude and he had been kicked out of scenes often, now it was perceived as a request to see his Dominant, for some reason. Sherlock's eyes narrowed, “Why did you call him?”
The detective was facing away from the door, aware that anyone could easily see his castigated skin, sitting on the same chair where he had been just been punished, the pain on his back came back as he shifted on the seat. He had stopped crying in John's arms, the tears and sobs of true sorrow were long gone, he was sniffing occasionally, pitying himself for his bad behavior and humiliation, imagining, not without a renewed wave of arousal, how he might be looking from the back and if someone was actually looking at him, peeking his punishment.
With Sherlock's surprise, John hadn't mocked his humble request, he had smiled widely. The doctor had taught about taunting playfully the evidently strong taste the submissive had development for impact play, but the clear shame on the young man's face refrained him from commenting.
John was watching him, sitting on the couch, he had made sure to check the hour when Sherlock had finally reached the corner.
His cock was still soft, already drained by the previous orgasm, but yet cozy arousal blossomed from the pit of his stomach with each stroke that resonated in his bedroom, feeling the hungry gaze of his Dominant pinned on him.
The sub's legs bent, as a whimper escaped him. “Position, boy” John remembered him, stern but yet calm, patting his thighs with the strap.
Unlike Sherlock, who stubbornly liked to be the outcast genius, he had learned at a young age how to read people, not only the exterior clues of where they had been, who they slept with or similar stuff, but also what they feared, what they like to hear from him, and he had used this ability at every occasion. He had been always the one in charge, even at school, no bully would dare to come near him despite he would have been an easy target given his weight, teachers loved him and feared him at the same time, he was the headmaster pet and the youngest prefect and later head of school to ever be nominated.
With his surprise though, John smiled, widely. It wasn't the sweet proud smile with which he was rewarded when he did something good, it was an almost frightening smile.
“Would you like to pretend to be in trouble?” the Dom asked, caressing slowly Sherlock's back as s  savouring his skin while drawing circles.  Sherlock's mind returned for a brief moment to the pleasant guilt he had felt during his corner time, when he had been a little bratty boy, it felt like a  feverish dream, but yet he frowned. Pretending? Like a kid's play? He shook his head vigorously.
It hadn't a single ring for a leash, but one metal ring at each side, a bondage fan then. No lock, just a simple buckle.
Sherlock had been listening to Mycroft's little lecture, rolling his eyes in exasperation, but the last sentence had frozen him. His mouth had opened in shock, then he had managed to compose himself, returning to his sarcastic mask, “You were always terrible at making presents” he commented with a low voice.
A hand caressed Sherlock's shoulders, gently making return him to a resemblance of reality, “Time is up,” John's voice cuddled him, “You have been such a good boy”.
The detective's whole attention was focused entirely on what was going on, he didn't feel pain, just the coldness of the lube quickly fading and John's fingers stroking him intimately, entering and exiting with growing pace his hole. It was weirdly pleasant, the friction had started to burn him, a warmth he hadn't ever felt before, pleasant and punitive at the same time, raising his arousal in a frustrating way.
Mycroft changed expression immediately, “He is hospitalized here too, his wounds were pretty serious but he might not have permanent damage”.
The Dom's cock was obscenely pressing on Sherlock's thighs, hungry and aching. He extracted his fingers and the submissive gasped as he started to brush his erected length between his cheeks, “Ask for it, Sherlock” he commanded, he was now panting himself, unable to control his voice that had gone dark with dominance.
His fingers curled grabbing his ankles. John's hand held tightly the wooden handle of the black strap, he raised his arm again, watching delightfully Sherlock's fear at the sound. It was one of the most severe implements he owned, and he was sure the punishment will be effective, that Sherlock will be floating in a matter of few licks of the leather, with a nice purple ass to remind him what little brats get.
John kissed him, tenderly, covering his forming bruises, and then caressed his hair. He was kneeling next to him, moving his hair soaked with sweat, to finally meet his eyes. He kissed his forehead, and Sherlock smiled weakly, with his head still on the table. John smiled back at him.
He looked himself in the mirror, his eyes were tired but his skin had a healthy colour, the profound eye bags that used to mark his face were mitigated, his cheeks tidily shaved, his hand had been barely trembling anymore and only sometimes. He hadn't looked like he used to, before the war, before that bullet had forced him to face his own mortality, in a long time.
Panic made the sub's heart fly, he could feel his ears pulsing, the grayness for a moment disappeared again, baring him suddenly of the warmth around him and making him dangerously aware of what John was asking him.
“So,” the Dom continued, changing the subject and straightening back on his seat, “We will start with simple rules” he stated.
He had started sleeping at Sherlock's flat more and more frequently, as their scenes became more intense and long, and they would have breakfast together the morning after.
He then stepped back, almost struggling to separate himself from touching that soft, deliciously sensitive skin and the purrs his touch caused in Sherlock. He rose his arm once again, all the way up, and then it left it to fall. The belt cracked deafening on Sherlock's backside, the sub shrieked.
John smiled though, “Very good”, he praised, “Come here,” the dom said sweetly. Sherlock, still on his knees, shifted closer to him.
When Sherlock's hand trembling went back, trying to shield his tortured skin accompanied by a weak “Nooo”, John grabbed it, pinning it on the sub lower back, holding it tightly interlacing their fingers. Sherlock grabbed it back, grateful for that bit of comfort touch.
Greg made a sign to his men, they immediately went to the room Sherlock had indicated, “I told you hundreds of times, Sherlock, you can't steal pieces of evidence or heads will roll, including mine” the Dom yelled, getting menacingly nearer to the sub.
If you have suggestions, don't forget to write them in the comments, I'm always done to explore kinks!
“I don't get it” Sherlock commented, “Even Lestrade should know you are perfectly able to picklock it in a few seconds, so what's the point.”
He could hear Greg opening the closet behind him, where they stored their collection of toys, an hint of fear and trepidation clenched his heart. He heard his Dom, deliberately slow in picking what he would use on him.
After he had dragged Mycroft by his ear to the nearest corner, he had asked Sherlock to start finding a new place to live.
“Good boy,” John whispered to him gently. The line left by the crop was fading leaving a warm pleasant sensation on Sherlock's skin, soothing him a bit in bliss within John's words.
Greg gave a sharp swat on Mycroft's ass, it resonated on the room, barely muffed by the sub's trousers, “Do you want to join your brother, since you find it so amusing?” he reprimanded him. The older sub flushed red to the point of his ears, “No, please, sir” he begged with his head bowed down, “I apologize, sir”.
The doctor let his hair go with an exhausted sigh, a new wave of stinging pain hit the detective's scalp as he did.
John chuckled, “Your kind?”, he asked, “That's a pretty strong statement from someone who used to be on this side of the barricade less than a week ago.”
Sherlock screamed dropping his position again, struggling to return on it, precum was drooling from between his legs, “I'm sorry” he screamed, “I'm sorry, I'm sorry-” he kept repeating bawling, barely able to hear himself between the loud cracks.
When Greg's text had arrived, Sherlock had been thrilled: a serial killer, a note from a victim, it was music for his ears, but then the sudden realization had stroke him.
He had always found it extremely useful, how much you could tell about its owner just looking at someone's collar.
The Dom could hear vaguely the other two men chatting in the living room. He patted the sub's skin with the spoon a couple of times before letting it fall all with full force.
John forced Sherlock through the room. The sub was now fighting, the idea of how ridiculous he was completely forgotten, he trashed like a toddler in a middle of a tantrum. When they arrived at the kitchen, John gave him a slap, “Heel, Sherlock!” the Dom thundered. Finally, his voice made through the confused thoughts in Sherlock's mind, the familiar command calmed him down a bit.
He was quite thrown off by the severity John was showing, he had soon started to feel little, defenseless, miserable, and humiliated, his cock had started to fill as he felt the warmth of the blow fading slowly from his skin.
The crop was indeed such a wonderful instrument, an icon even, it could be so sweet and at the same time break easily the skin. John had met subs who liked to bleed under it, to be whipped without the minimum preparation, to just feel the white pain of few powerful strokes, but he didn't really enjoy it as much as he enjoyed this, to slowly see the heat building up, the colour change, going darker and beautiful red and the moans becoming screams and tears.
“Stay,” Greg ordered when they reached the bed feet, a little danger in his voice even if he knew his sub wouldn't dare to move anyway. Mycroft stood on his knees, his hands laid behind his back, waiting.
He could see Sherlock shifting,  he heard the gasps that the sub left out as the plug moved, his head bending showing his pale neck beneath the messy black curls. It was a beautiful picture indeed. Sherlock had been in abstinence for all his life, it shouldn't really surprise him that he would react so intensely to even the lightest scene, yet that response had touched John's darker and deepest chord.
Despite the relatively early hour, the street was crowded with busy people, walking fast without watching where they stepped, apologising with barely hidden angry frustration whenever they inadvertently stepped on each other. John was walking among them, fighting against that irritating stream, the plastic bags heavy in his hands, making his shoulder aching and burning up with resentment towards his lovely roommate, who had won again.
“Up, on the chair, boy” John's voice commanded, distracting him from his thoughts. Sherlock looked at him, he was holding a wooden spoon with which he was pointing at the chair he had conveniently put so that it was definitely visible from the door's chink.
After the umpteenth time Greg had returned home to find the endless war had exploded again in broken plates and loud shouting, he had finally decided he had enough, two Holmes were clearly too many to handle at once.
Sherlock had frowned, he tended to forget, that weird protective behavior Dominats usually had towards related subs. For a moment he had thought if he had to actually fight, act all Dominant and outraged, like his schoolmate at his Dominants-only high school did: broken noses and black eyes was the norm, just because someone had dared to do any kind of comment about their submissive siblings. The idea of picking up a fight with Greg, for protecting Mycroft's virtue especially, sounded ridiculous at best.
“Up, across my knees, please” John ordered, there was no anger in his voice, it was calm, almost seducing. Sherlock was still feeling quite ridiculous, he could feel his face going pale at the implications of the order. His legs shake as he stood, trembling with tinglings.
“Forehead to the floor, hands clasped together on your back, Sherlock” John commanded. The submissive obeyed, his head hit the wooden floor with a deaf thud. He heard John retrieving the bag he had explored early, searching for something.
Sherlock this time reacted, “No, don't, please”, he pleaded, not sure if he meant it. His voice sounded raspy and desperate, he barely was able to say it was his own.
The Dom had told him to not have any hesitancy on calling him, even during the night, “You will be here again tomorrow, I'm sure I can manage to bear your absence for a few hours, sir” Sherlock had answered, his supposedly respectful address sounded quite sarcastic, but John was satisfied with him just using it. The sub had closed the door behind him still surprised by the light kiss through which John had told him good night.
Sherlock shrugged a little. “For a lack of better labels, that seemed to fit pretty well” he answered dryly.
John bit the base of his neck, his teeth pressed painfully on his skin as the warm blessed liquid entered him, heating his insides. The sub felt the Dom's body trembling over him as he came inside him, his fingers, still squeezing his hand, became an almost painful grip.
The sound of the cane cutting the air made his muscle go rigid with anticipation, the cold line of fire bit his thighs.  Greg caressed the line he had just left, “I don't like to be disobeyed or mocked, you should know that by now” he said sternly as he lifted his arm again and let the cane fall on Mycroft's shaking flesh once again.
John was deeply enjoying it, Sherlock was still far from the melting state of subspace, he would wince adorably as the crop brushed him in various parts of his body, moaning as the leather touched his testicles and caressed his length, still soft between his legs.
“I really don't know how you could think this would work, did you really expect that drowning your needs in drugs and self-destructive behaviors would satisfy you forever?” Mycroft chuckled coldly “You drove yourself on the verge of insanity.”
The strap cracked, this time Sherlock's knees bent just a little and without needing any other reminder, he straightened again. John smiled broadly.
Greg looked at him, his chest full of warm pride, he couldn't believe that such an intelligent, beautiful human being was his and his alone.
“I didn't curse at you, or insult you,” John continued failing to acknowledge his sub clearly infuriated eyes, “I treated you with the basic respect any civilized person would use without receiving the same favor from you.”
“Now, what we are going to try is service,” John said, pushing down Sherlock's shoulders, a silent command to return on his knees, “This place is a mess, so why don't catch two birds with a stone”. Sherlock was standing in his defiance, if anything he didn't feel like playing at all, “You want to make me clean?” he said, atrociously annoyed by the simple suggestion, “It is
“I'm glad my close to death experience served you as a pick-up excuse” he had suddenly commented on a crime scene, months after that night. Greg looked at him shocked, “Excuse me?” he managed to say after a brief pause.
“I will inspect what you do, if you follow my orders, there will be a reward, if I am not satisfied with your job, you will be punished.”
“Would you like something better to suck, boy?” John growled, Sherlock smiled widely, victorious, “Do you think I deserve so, sir?” he asked with a poorly pretended humility.
When Sherlock saw John entering clearly upset the Yard, the now-familiar bitter lather had been filling his stomach, he was in trouble.
When the crop fell, Sherlock screamed. John had started with a minimum momentum, caressing his white skin with the end of it for a brief moment after the first blow, before giving him another on the other cheek.
“Guards, gardens, dragons, and princesses, or princes-” John continued mockingly, “No, it's empty, there are gardens though” Sherlock interrupted dryly, finally getting up, “I don't need more people annoying me even there,” he said.
The doctor's arms embraced him, his hand ran down Sherlock's back and pinched his cheek. Sherlock grunted as the pain of the belting he had received the day before ignited, “It still hurts, sir” he complained, looking with resentment at John's satisfied smile, “As it should,” the doctor growled. The sub pouted, but yet he wasn't able to stop himself from smiling a bit.
Will had all of sudden changed his posture, moving his eyes quickly far away from the strangers, while his body closed more in itself.
Sherlock had asked for his punishment, there hadn't been the waiting game that usually preceded the request to finally get out from the sub's mouth. He wanted to be done as soon as possible, to be forgiven, and to clear out all those emotions fighting in his head.
His Dom had asked him to make it easy for his brother, that John counted on their cooperation to do so, and reminded that, unlike any other sub, Sherlock had never been trained before, not even the basic etiquette that was thought in school.
Sherlock looked at him with defiance as he stood up, with a last exasperated sigh he interlaced his finger behind his head.
“Jack was furious,” he said then, abruptly changing the subject, “he doesn’t like eccentric detectives invading his investigations, even if they might prove useful” he added, smiling a little while remembering Jack frustration.
John observed him sternly, but so far Sherlock hadn't failed to welcome him as it was appropriate, except that one time, so he doubted the sub had any ill intentions in his mistake. He caressed Sherlock's bowed head, “It's okay, pet” he assured him, his annoyance completely gone "I was worried, that's all".
John corrected him a few more times: every time Sherlock dropped something with annoyance or disorganized manner, the Dom would tut, and, grabbing the sub's ear, he would give him another sweet taste of the paddle, turning his ass of a delightfully pink.
“This needs trust, pet” John said as he started to wrap the jute rope around Sherlock's wrists. The sub was kneeling, naked, with his arms behind his back.
The sub increased pace slowly, feeling the veins of the Dom's cock pulsing in his mouth, around his lips. John's wet fingers were tightening around his curls as he went on, possessively preventing him to back away.
The pale marmoreal corpses, the personification of a timeless coldness, was neatly disposed on the shiny metallic tables, in line in the white aseptic room of the FBI morgue. A young man with curly dark hair, and a scruffy an appearance -that made John almost feel more at ease, with his pyjamas shirt barely hidden by the coat and the tiredness of the flight heavy in his face- was standing in the middle of that gloomy crowd- those mute witnesses as his only companions.
Sherlock cleared his voice, undecided if he wanted to expose himself even more than he had already in front of this man, “Is it weird I got-” he trailed off not sure how to put the sentence down.
When Mycroft found himself bent on the padded trestle, with his ankles and wrists cuffed, his breath was already accelerating, his heart pounding, the sweat sticking his skin to the leather as the blood rushed to his head.
“Crawl to the corner, Sherlock, face the wall and stay” John ordered pointing with the crop to the far corner of the room.
He was kneeling at John's side, when Mrs. Hudson entered, cheerful as always, bringing a tray of steaming toasts and jelly. The detective made to rush on his feet, glad he had been allowed to put his nightgown on at least, but John stopped him, pushing him down by the collar and glaring at him meaningfully.
But becoming a trainer wasn't so immediate as someone might think. If in a normal relationship the Dom could always count on the sub knowing their own limits, to safeword easily when they recognize the start of panic rising, in training that knowledge wasn't granted at all. Irene, besides her work as a disciplinarian, also trained both Dominants and subs.
He had thought about calling John, to ask him with a petty excuse to come along, the fact that he didn't work well with the coroner wasn't even a lie, but then he discharged the idea, laughing at how ridiculous he was, behaving like a clingy child.
“This is Will Graham, he’s the best profiler the FBI has” Jack said, sounding like he wanted to justify the man’s strange behaviour with that assertion, and making John suddenly feel a bit of sympathy for that grumpy agent: how many times had he tried to cover Sherlock’s strange behaviour by boasting about his intelligence.
“Those too, boy,” John told sternly, without even glaring at him, still observing the riding crop as it had never seen one before.
“Degrading?” John asked with disbelief, “It's appropriate and perfectly normal behavior that you seemed to enjoy a lot last time”, he said.
“Why did you wait so long to do this?” he asked, ignoring deliberately John's previous reprimand, “It is one of your favorite<, kinks, obviously” he hesitated for a brief second, “Are you aroused, already?” he dared.
“Are you suggesting I would take advantage of him?” John asked raising an eyebrow at the insulting implication, his dominant voice had transpired quite more he intended to and the effect on the sub was visible but rapidly hidden, “I wouldn't dare to imply such thing, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft replied with an iced tone.
Sherlock knelt in the living room, his hair was still wet, he had wanted to get dressed, but John had refused, so he was now frowning at the man, who was again searching in his gym bag. He wasn't cold really, he almost wished he was, to have at least one reason to force the Dom to allow him some clothes.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, “If you mean if I voluntarily asked to have my freedom taken away by a random idiot for a quite short moment of alleged sexual pleasure,” Sherlock spatted, “then no, it strangely never occurred to me to do so”, a cold smile appeared on his face.
But with Sherlock, things had gone differently. He had managed to sleep, the first night it had been out of actual exhaustion, he had chased a killer, he had shot with a steady hand, the heavy cloud of the forced civil life had been lifted and he had slept, finally. And from that night the pain in his leg had been gone and so had the nightmares.
As for the others, he rarely returned the favor or even cared to open them, deducting coldly he didn't want them before throwing them in the trash.
Dazed by the profound nap he had, Sherlock let John guide him by holding his hand. The doctor always walked in front of him, a subtle sign of who was in control, the detective guessed, despite the affection with which he interlaced his fingers with his.
Sherlock let himself be petted, John's fingers passing through his hair was soothing, despite he didn't want to, he leaned against the touch.
Sherlock added the new voices to the list, still, nothing seemed to come to mind, he wasn't good at this, he realized.
John offered Sherlock a piece of toast with a bit of blueberry jelly, the detective took it, carefully avoiding to touch his fingers with his lips, “You will have to get used to it,” the doctor said, Sherlock looked at him confused, “To act properly even in front of others, I mean” the Dom explained.
Again Mycroft quite patronizing smile irritated him, “See, Doctor,” the sub explained, “you are the first dominant who proved to be able to stay with my brother for more than a few minutes and, I assume from the state of your hand, you even managed to punish him” he added, the satisfaction on his face was way too obvious.
John was truly done with him, but seeing those eyes flashing, and immediately cast down as the sub's cheeks reddened made him smile deep down.
John hadn't let him decided anything about the scene this time, but the detective was happy with the rope's material. It was one of the few subjects around sex he knew a lot about it, he had written multiple articles about the signs that ropes left on the skin, how much they lasted, how to tie down someone so that he wouldn't be able to get free. He even tried it on himself, for research obviously, and the jute was definitely one of his favorites, the way the rough material bit and irritated the skin leaving long-lasting marks was fascinating.
Sherlock purred, he didn't stand, he turned around, immersing himself in the other man's trousers, holding tightly the fabric, vaguely sensing the magnetic smell of arousal of John's arousal.
Mycroft, across the Ocean, walked through the dark living room of his house, getting closer to the mirror hanging there, distractedly checking his reflection while holding the black phone to his ear.
He hadn't been lying when he had told Sherlock he didn't like to repeat himself, the fact he had to punish him for the second time for the same offense actually annoyed him, but he couldn't help to feel pleasure on seeing Sherlock sticking up his pearly arse, obediently waiting for his punishment.
“Do you remember how to safe-word when you are such a brat to deserve the gag?” John asked smiling, the sight of Sherlock knelt, tied up, with his collar black against his skin, blindly looking at his direction was truly remarkable. The boy was right, he was aroused already. Sherlock nodded as much as the position allowed him to, and then snapped his fingers to show he really remembered. “Good boy,” John praised, brushing his chin with the crop, watching the younger man swallowed around the gag ball with lust.
He had always hated the television, it was boring at most and outraging sometimes, dull sentimentalism and unrealistic idiocy, he didn't even know that old piece of electronics worked until John had asked if he wanted to watch a movie together.
Greg smiled, looking at the flesh turning pink, and the imperceptible movement the sub's legs made to escape the next blow before returning to touch the paddle, obediently submitting.
He could hear John was starting to moan, that almost drove him insane, he was making his Dom happy, filling him with pleasure, reproaching the favor John had made him earlier that morning. He was useful, fulfilled, “My good boy”. He sensed vaguely his own cock was twisting inside his pants but he didn't let it distract him this was about his Dom and his pleasure alone.
Machine guns were shooting, he could hear his own companions behind him emit suffocated screams, the sound he had learned to recognize as the one of a man dying.
He watched the catlike detective, curled up naked against him, his chest rising up and down in calm, and he wanted now to just take care of that little sub, so good for him, he wanted to protect him and treasure him so intensely.
“You don't have sugar?” John asked, almost spitting the coffee back in the mug with a disgusted face. Sherlock was kneeling at his side, “I didn't have coffee in this house before you,” he said dryly, he had always preferred tea over coffee, if he needed to sharpen the mind he usually recurred to way stronger resources than caffeine.
John made Sherlock repeat the same exercise a couple of times. The sub's grudge had gone fading, he sheepishly obeyed at John's same commands over and over, sucking his fingers when asked to, and stopped when asked to, and repeated again, meeting John's eyes with an increasing plea.
A hand clenched around his collar, forcing him to stand and guiding him over the soft bed, he walked on his knee over the sheets.
He watched the sub taking it, the muffled lament that he let out was barely audible but the rigidity of his muscles suggested his discomfort, yet Mycroft didn't try to move, he never did during punishment, he had been trained so well to stay in the position that the cuffs were mostly just a reminder that he was in fact in trouble.
Sherlock's whole body reacted immediately, before he could even think about continuing his stubborn refusal, his hands went to his head and his back straightened up, ignoring the fact he was exposing his naked body doing so.  He breathed deeply, as John had taught him yesterday, his head slowly returning to the calm of before, a new emotion he wasn't used to raising instead of anger.
“That's how I would like you to greet me when I come here,” John said “It's not like you will be kneeling all the time but it would be better if you'd get a pillow to put there, so you can wait for me to come in without having your knees getting sore” the dom explained with a casual tone.
The young man opened lazily his eyes, murmuring an incoherent protest trying to fall back in the stream of his dreams hiding in the comfy warmth of the sheets. The doctor chuckled, “You can't sleep all day, little one” he said sweetly, pulling Sherlock out of his cocoon by his arm, ignoring the weak protest of the man.
He believed his own words as they came out, “Please, punish me, Sir” he added, whispering, his head bowed deeply, staring at John's shoes.
Jack Crawford, who had welcomed the arrival of the two of them pretty coldly, had given up after some quite loud and angry calls and taken them to the labs. With barely contained impatience, he opened the door. The curly haired man emerged abruptly from the depth of his thoughts at the of sound the door, jumping surprised looking at the intruders.
Sherlock took a few gasping breaths, he again rose his cheeks, searching contact with the crop that was so gently igniting the warmth, exposing himself more, “Please, sir, let me come” he shook, his whole body was trembling, his hair was sweaty and hiding his face.
“Ask me again, looking at me this time,” he said “You didn't seem to have a problem with that before, while you were trying to incinerate me with your glare” he added mockingly.
John's hand opened his cheeks with careful movements, tasting Sherlock's pinched whimpers swallowed by the sheets. He opened him revealing the sub's pulsing hole, he caressed it with the tip of the crop, draining pitiful sounds from the boy, and then hit it with a quick smack.
Despite his quite notorious reputation among trainers, the doctor seemed to have the bad habit to work basically for free, adjusting his fees to the financial situation of his clients, or patients, as John would call them, rather than demanding what he really was worth and he sticked with a strict monogamy policy.
“You are mine, aren't you, Mycroft?” he grunted as he started to fuck him with increasing pace, “Yes, sir” the sub whimpered, melting beneath him, his hole getting loose and pleasantly burning, “Please use me, sir” he managed to pant, tears were still rolling from his eyes beneath the blindfold.
He returned to his bedroom. John was awake, still lying beneath the sheets, “That took you a while, I hope you weren't doing anything you are not supposed to” he said smiling mockingly.
Veteran, despite the medical background, psychosomatic limp, failing psychotherapy, alcoholic brother. It had been the easiest deduction yet, and Sherlock had found pretty simple to let the stream out, unwrapping John's life, altogether his clearly poor choice of blind patriotism and the post-traumatic disorder it had lead him to.
John wouldn't punish him in front of others, would he? Not in front of his brother, please, Sherlock thought. Panic started to clench his heart, as guilt crept on the back of his neck, “I am sorry, sir” he tried, sounding as contrite as possible.
John had been quite surprised by Sherlock's choice at first, but it made sense, he guessed, so far the sub had experienced only spanking, and it was clear Sherlock didn't like the idea of trying something new yet.
“Why are you doing this?” Sherlock asked, annoyed “Consider it a gift for you, Sherlock,” Mycroft said “And just say thank you” he added, still looking at his reflection in the mirror, turning in profile, adjusting his jacket with his free hand, glaring at the mirror, frowning a bit at his reflection.
Refusing to obey or straightforward insults were strangely perceived by the Doms as an invitation to do a better job instead of an invitation to piss off, they would bark orders and reprimands at him with evident satisfaction.
Sherlock's nose felt funny in the corner, it was like a tingling, his legs and arms had started to bend, and with any and slightest shift, his hole would send a new pulse around the plug accommodating the weight, making a sharp moan escape his mouth.
As the Doctor lowered his own trousers, he saw the sub looking at him with shining eyes, he smiled at him “Peeking, boy?” he said with a playful stern, Sherlock smiled timidly returning to face the sheets.
As John handed him another bite, he just shook his head against the doctor's knee, “Come on, Sherlock, ” the Dom tried to convince him, “One of the rules is that you have to eat, remember?” a hint of threat had appeared in his soft tone.
He opened his mouth in disbelief, almost choking in the silicon ball, and he shouted his eyes open, only to meet the darkness of the blindfold.
His greenish blue eyes were moving slowly from one corpse to the other, looking at them as if he was seeing something behind them. He didn’t seem to notice the two strangers, looking at him right behind the glass door.
Mycroft entered Sherlock's flat and for once, he was surprised and, judging by his Dom's face, Greg was surprised too. The living room was tidy, it looked bigger than before and the light, that first was disturbed by the number of things piled up everywhere, made it looked like a completely different room.
“Oh, yes, I know that, but still I will make sure to have as many men as possible and to take it as slowly as possible” Greg retorted.
Sherlock loved those brief moments after a case had been solved when the rush of victory still filled his brain and boredom was only starting to creep in the back of his head. They were the only moments when his mind went a bit quiet, relaxed even.
His legs had started to go numb again, and so were his arms. John wasn't looking at him anymore, deliberately ignoring the kneeling sub.
The Doctor saw him, through the window, in the front building, as the detective brought the pill to his mouth, deaf to his desperate screams. He pulled the trigger.
“You may, my beautiful boy” he whispered, and Sherlock did, a powerful load wet his belly with tepid liquid, as the last powerful convulsion finally made his whole body collapse on John's knee.
As he pulled it out, the sub whimpered, lost, tensing his pulsing hole around his finger, relieved by the rough presence but yet already missing it.
The sub nodded, still dazed by the unusual deep sleep he had fallen into, just vaguely protesting in his mind he didn't need John's permission to get dressed.
“You were actually going to take that pill, weren't you?” John asked, his tone was low, he was feeling deep hurt for some reason, he had met Sherlock only a few days ago but the idea that the detective might be gone tortured him, and enraged him in a suffocating pain he had never felt before.
The Dominant stopped, he was still holding Sherlock's hair. He forced his head up, pulling firmly his head back. The sub's eyes had traces of tears and he was breathing furiously, glaring at John menacingly.
The world was filled with subs in need, abused and wounded in many ways, unable to live a healthy relationship anymore, if they even had one in their life, and he had always been the gentle, nurturing kind of Dom.
Sherlock's head was resting on John's lap, he was hugging the plushie bee tightly, John would kiss him occasionally and he was massaging Sherlock's arms, still a bit achy from the rope. With the detective's disappointment, it hadn't left any marks, only a slightly red line around his wrists, that wouldn't last long. On the other hand the clamps, that Sherlock had added without any doubt to the punishment-only list, had left his nipples unpleasantly sore and with marks on them.
John reminded Sherlock's laugh as he had retrieved his walking stick, long forgotten in the restaurant after they had avoided the police that the tourist had called. Sherlock, despite the disappointment of the run, had been shining. He had continued his deductions, talking so fast John struggled to understand him, yet he hadn't missed to address him as his Sir.
He forced himself to stand up, for a split second he could feel his leg hurting briefly as he forced himself in the bathroom.
Sherlock could hear his ears ringing acutely, the gaze of the man waiting in front of him was almost too much to bear.
Sherlock looked at him with his icy clouded eyes, as his teeth bit the zip, and carefully, teasingly slowly he opened it. John fastened his belt, the sub was looking at him in trepidation, lost in his lust and smiling weakly waiting.
The sound was quite different, flesh against flesh, more sharp and deafening. The sub let out a suffocated groan.
“Lay your palms flat on the table, Sherlock,” John said, the sub obeyed, the doctor gently invited him to open up his legs a bit with his walking stick, and pushed his lower back a bit down. Sherlock let himself be guided, raising up his ass.
The work, the verbal attack towards that idiotic useless witness that had lead him there, the rage he had felt at Greg's smirk as John had picked him from the Yard, like a naughty child from school, seemed so distant and petty now, almost not existent. The pain on his cheeks and the fact John was punishing him were the only things that mattered now, and the idea he deserved it and not taking it well was filling his cock with arousal.
Sherlock closed his mouth for a second, exasperated, Mycroft was waiting in an amused silence on the other side “You are right,” he said finally “you gained weight” he said, hanging up.
“The only thing that is left to you, the only control over your life is this” he left the pill fell on his own palm, “You should have seen the faces of the subs when they were given freedom of choice over their own life” Sherlock opened the tube, “Free for the first time in their life.” The bang of a shot broke the window.
He secured the belt around his hand and without losing time on giving Sherlock any comfort, he rose his arm and let the belt fall heavily on his sub's curve.
John's hand felt cold against his tenderly tortured flesh, focusing his attention on the comfy warmth on his backside. The Dom brushed him, and Sherlock searched that gentle contact, craving it like air.
He gave Sherlock's a few blows on his sitting spot, where the flesh was tenderly sensitive and the detective finally broke out, “Please, please, please” he repeated, confusingly. John let the crop caressing him, stroking him beneath the curve of his cheeks, stopping his torture for a moment, and at the same teasing cruelly, “Please what?” he asked, his tone had gone deep, predatory.
He heard a little tube's cap snapping open, and cold liquid stuff suddenly touching the intern of his thighs. The sub jumped immediately gasping.
Sherlock finally came to a stop, grumbling at the long queue of the immigration office in front of them.
The last word fell heavy in Sherlock's stomach, his cock twisted against the metal cage suddenly interested, he gulped, trying to hide the effect that word seemed to have on him, “Can I get dressed at least?” he asked.
“That was rude, Will” Hannibal observed, not even trying to hide his amusement. Will Graham was sitting in front of him, in his study, like he used to do at the time they’d just met, and, despite their relationship had grown far from being objective and professional, like it was supposed to be, they still liked to chat as in therapy. “He was rude to me first,” Will answered, smiling back, knowing how childish that was. “He didn’t come here to catch the Chesapeake Ripper,” he said then, turning serious and averting his eyes from Hannibal, “he came to catch me” he stated.
He had thought about using one of the many levers his men had found about the doctor, his alcoholic sister for instance, but it had seemed like playing a powerful card too soon and with little gain, the doctor's lack of money had seemed a good shot.
Adrenaline had showered in John's blood. This wasn't what he was supposed to be doing, he was a trainer, a part of his mind had reminded him, and his sub was running in the middle of the traffic chasing a potential serial killer, but all he could feel was the inebriating taste of the action. He wanted to catch the target, he had followed Sherlock, running as he hadn't done since the times he had been wearing his uniform, alive.
He opened his knees as suggested, it really helped to balance the weight better. John gently pushed his shoulders down, so Sherlock found himself sitting on his ankles. “See, it's a bit more comfortable now” the Doctor explained, the detective glared at him with the least of sympathy.
“That's not what I told you to do, boy” John threatened, “Forehead on the floor, hands clasped together on your back,” he instructed, more calmly and reassuringly.
Sherlock swallowed hard, he could refuse, he thought briefly, but the temptation of punishment made his blood boil, and his cock was starting to twist a bit. He crawled to the chair, bent on it with his knees bent on the hard seat.
John had kept hugging him, he sure cuddled a lot, a thing that Sherlock had discovered he liked. The sub embraced the nearby pillow on the couch, hugging it as a child would with his favorite toy while curling up in the Dom's lap.
The sub was still floating, he had noticed, with a wild smile, that his brother was clearly in trouble, and that had lifted his childish spout a bit.
“Sherlock,” Greg whispered, looking embarrassed at the few glares people around were giving them, “that's not what happened,” he said, “And I want you to know that my intentions towards your submissive brother are completely serious” he added in an apologetic tone.
John had left Sherlock's flat only after he had been sure the sub had completely returned to be himself again.
The morning after the detective had dryly texted him he had work to do and wouldn't be available. John had respected his need for space, he would still check on him daily, he texted him on how he was doing, if he was eating and sleeping regularly, he had obtained only short dismissive answers but nothing that sounded like a drill of danger.
The sub nuzzled under the sheets, leaning his head against John's chest. Sherlock was naked, when the night before he had undress to put his pajamas on, John had stopped him, “I would prefer you to wear your collar only,” he had said with that liquid yet firm tone that he couldn't argue against.
The woman suddenly returned to look at them, still holding the phone “it’s for you, sir” she said, in a surprised tone. John let him go, rubbing his eyes, wondering if it wasn’t too late to just go back to London and take a holiday from all of this “he has both of our numbers, why does he have to show off every damned time” he murmured to himself, while Sherlock, almost proud, went back to the desk with a smirk and took the phone.
“So, I do have some influence on you?” John teased, stroking him once more, repeating mockingly the sub's words, at which Sherlock cringed, desperate, “Yes, I'm sorry, sir” he shouted, “I'm sorry please” he cried out, his fingers grabbed convulsively John's clothes, “Please, I can't-” he added, panting heavily, feeling his cock pulsing around John's firm hand, sure that the Dom's gripping fingers were the only thing preventing him from exploding, “Come then, boy” John said calming, releasing him after a last agonizing moment and stroked him again, the sub's semen wet his hand as the last quivering movement of the submissive almost made him fell from his lap.
He felt the leader length running beneath his curve, the friction warming him up, before the next stroke fell again, making his flesh wobbling and letting a white line across his backside.
Sherlock snuggled against him, hugging his plush bee tightly, the television was playing on some random show, the scent of lavender of the soothing cream was filling the air. John kissed the young man's soft curls, “I love you,” he whispered before he could stop himself. Sherlock didn't seem to hear him, his eyes were closed and his head resting against his chest.
The detective had started to feel full shortly after a few bites, he wasn't really used to get proper meals, he fasted during cases and usually forget to eat the rest of the time, it was a boring chore to him in which he didn't really put much effort into.
He blinked, the Dom was in front of him, looking concerned at first, then a bit annoyed, “What were you doing?” he asked. The sub looked at him baffled, a bit dizzy from the abrupt way he had been dragged out of his mind's quiet place.
The perfumed steam stroke him, cuddling him, the bathtub he had never used if not for some particularly messy experiments was filled with white bubbles. John invited him to enter in it, and Sherlock did, sitting awkwardly in the warm water. It was a bit too little for him, he couldn't really lay down in it, so his legs were bent and his knees almost touching his chest.
“What were you expecting then?” Sherlock was cool again John noted with interest. What precisely had brought that on? “Some dank hovel in the back of a dark alley, perhaps?”
“I hate that place.” John nearly spat. “The things that they do there- it’s not right. They lure in young omegas with the promise of a ‘perfect match’ and then they pair them up with the highest bidder or give them to some random whoever when they put up a fuss.” Sherlock nodded, it wasn’t news to him. “Even if the kid doesn’t want to go, unless they can find someone to bond with before their 21st birthday then they have no choice.”
Mycroft brushed away the barb with obvious ease as he turned to John. “I look forward to speaking with you again soon, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft gave the other man a small, mocking bow before turning to exit the room.
“Look, what exactly am I supposed to be doing here? I’m not exactly trained for this.” John asked Sherlock quietly as they walked. There were several people shooting them dirty looks John noticed, hackles raising slightly.
Tilting his head slightly John studied Sherlock for a few moments before apparently coming to some sort of decision. “How about you let me worry about that, yeah? You just tell me if what I’m doing feels good or if you want me to stop. Would that work?”
Mycroft looked at John with an unfathomable look as he continued his call. “You have fifteen minutes to find him, or you will find yourself to be redundant.” The alpha hung up the phone with a flick of his wrist and placed it delicately back into his pocket.
It was true, Mike admitted to himself. Theoretically every match was supposed to be biologically cross referenced with all available alphas to ensure maximum compatibility. In reality however, many young omegas involved in the program found themselves permanently bonded to someone they would rather not sit with on the bus.
He stopped instantly, pivoting on one heel as he turned sharply to stare at John. Narrowed eyes raked over him, leaving him feeling strangely naked for a few brief moments. John could almost hear the wheels spinning in the man’s head as he looked between John and the infuriatingly smug Mike. With a casual toss he threw the riding crop on the table beside him and strode directly into John’s personal space.
“When the police are out of their depth, which is always,” Sherlock scoffed, “they call me and I solve the crime for them if it’s interesting enough.”
Sherlock, as it turns out, didn’t have to say anything at all. John stood suddenly out in the open, moving forward with those smooth, predatory movements as he made his way towards the centre of the room, gun clasped firmly in hand.
“Pity.” Sherlock responded after a few quiet moments. He was looking away again, seemingly fascinated by a rather ugly painting of a pastoral scene hanging on the wall. “We could have split the fee.”
A look of faint confusion passed over Sherlock’s face as he registered the odd tone of John’s voice. “Maybe that wasn’t the best phrasing.” Sherlock allowed. Sherlock reached a hand to awkwardly pat his leg. “I found it to be quite pleasurable.” John felt slightly better, but not by much.
"Solving your case for you." Sherlock seemed completely oblivious to the scene he was causing as he peered down at the body. "I don't know why I bothered, the killer is perfectly obvious."
"I don't recall asking for your help at all." Greg shot back instantly. "You just showed up." If Greg ever figured out how Sherlock managed that trick, he would ride on the victory for weeks, maybe even months.
Mortification hit Sherlock as he realized what had almost happened and he pulled sharply back against the mattress. “Sorry.” He murmured, looking away as he felt his face begin to burn violently. “I didn’t quite think that through.”
In the end, the doctors released Sherlock with a bare minimum of fuss. Within a quarter of an hour they were being escorted out of the building by a smiling orderly. John wondered what exactly Mycroft had told them; he certainly wouldn’t have wanted to release someone who had only just woken up from a concussion.
Sherlock frowned thoughtfully out the window as the taxi wove through traffic.  He knew he didn’t have enough information on the case yet, and so he forced himself to put it out of his mind. Baseless suppositions would get him nowhere.
“Great, I know this little place, the owner loves me.” Sherlock stated before turning to walk out the door. “You’ll like it.”
"It's fine Lestrade!" Sherlock snapped, moving to brush past the alpha. "If you feel like it's such an issue, I'll leave you to find the killer yourself. I'm sure your very competent team will take care of it in no time at all."
The trailing fingers continued their ministrations as the man gave another gravely laugh. “Still in top form I see. Good. That makes everything much more interesting, doesn’t it?” he asked, maintaining the almost lightly interested tone. You would think that they were discussing what to get for lunch, instead of why Sherlock had been drugged and kidnapped.
“I’m an omega not a brood mare. I do not need to be bound ‘for my own protection’ since I can obviously do just fine protecting myself. There is no reason for me to sacrifice my Work to spend the rest of my life under the thumb of some random alpha, chosen by a committee that will most certainly take out its frustration on my brother by giving me the very worst options to ‘choose’ from. It’s barbaric, and I won’t be a part of it.”
Sherlock’s eyes darkened slightly as his gaze dug into the alpha. “I don’t think that’s a good idea John.” He eventually responded. “You might not like everything you find out.”
"I'm sure the DI has everything he needs." John's voice was firm as he reached out to grab Sherlock's sleeve as if he were going to physically pull him away. "Come on. There is a car waiting."
In which John and Sherlock actually speak to each other like normal human beings, and also solve a gruesome murder.
John straightened his clothes and turned to the door. “Where are you going?” Sherlock asked incredulously. Surely he wasn’t just going to leave after that?
When John disappeared behind the barrels, Sherlock sucked in his breath. He wanted nothing more than to stand up and shout to John, to tell him that he was
“Colleague.” Sherlock corrected, stepping nimbly around John and ducking under the police tape. “Doctor John Watson.” Turning back to the two alphas, still squaring up against one another, he gestured between them. “Doctor Watson, Sargent Sally Donovan. She’s an old friend.” Sarcasm dripped heavily from Sherlock’s voice but John was too busy staring down Sargent Donovan to acknowledge the snub.
“It’s up to you.” John looked closely at Sherlock. The other man turned his face away, opting to stare out of the window instead. When Sherlock didn’t respond John nudged his leg gently with a booted foot. “What are you thinking right now?”
John’s rumbling snarl ripped out of his throat. “Let him go now, and I might let you live long enough to regret that.” Distantly, another part of him realized that the omega was counting. Sherlock was counting down, but why?
interesting.  Outwardly he only responded by reaching into the breast pocket of his coat and producing one of the cards he kept there.
Slowly, John pulled himself up and turned to climb the stairs; his fingers clutched at the banister as he forced his aching leg up each step. He would have done anything for his cane, but he couldn't even remember where he had left the damned thing. As John made it back into the bedroom, he allowed himself to collapse on the large bed. After a few moments, he sighed and bent to begin collecting his discarded clothes.
John hummed slightly before answering, “Yeah.” When Sherlock didn’t respond he rubbed awkwardly at the back of his head and continued. “It was something along the lines of he would give me 28 thousand pounds to bond you and then fuck off.”
“Please get into the car. My patience is wearing dangerously thin. I promise on my honour that if you come willingly no harm will come to you.”  The voice was clipped and impatient, John noted as he looked out the window one last time.
Mike took a sip of beer. “No, not really,” he hummed, “but I’m not even the worst one for nicking interesting bits and pieces from the morgue these days. There’s a pretty stiff competition there now.”
“Do what, exactly?” Sherlock drew up stiffly to glare at John, hands dropping to grip at his knees with white knuckled force. “Make my own informed decisions? I’m not a child.” Sherlock’s voice was almost poisonous in its intensity.
"Lestrade does not control me, and neither do you!" Sherlock snapped, practically yelling as blood flooded his face. John's eyes widened in surprise as he unconsciously pulled away from the angry omega.
“No! God no Mike.” John shook his head “You know how I feel about that place.”  As nice as it would be to have a new pack of his own, the Omega Project was not the answer. It made his stomach queasy to think of basically forcing some kid to bond with him and spend the rest of their life taking care of an injured old war horse, just because he was a little lonely. “I'm twice the age of some of those kids. Talk about robbing the cradle.”
“How did you find me?”  Sherlock suspected from his surroundings that he already knew the answer to that question.
Therein lied the rub; Sherlock would still end up bound to an alpha. If he proved to be a hindrance to the Work after they were bound, Sherlock’s life would become infinitely more complicated.  The case would be a test of sorts, a way to see how John would react when faced with the Work. There were still risks of course, bonds were tricky business and unpredictable, but it was still far less of a risk than playing Russian roulette with the Omega Project.
Finally with a small huff Sherlock pulled back to lean against the bed, guilt chewing at his stomach. He hadn’t realized that John would be so worried. Why should he have been? “Fine.”  Sherlock looked away, worrying the tender underside of his lip slightly before continuing, “I’m sorry that you were in that situation. It was entirely my fault.”
“Dull.” Sherlock hissed. “I have no need of a mate.” He spat the last word with obvious distaste. “While some may enjoy the idea of being smothered by some overlarge oaf with a superiority complex, I haven’t the time to worship at the feet of some Alpha while there is Work to be done. You need to fix this. Now.”
“Why?” John’s even voice did not betray the fact that he could feel the heat slipping through his veins as the anger spread through him like hot lava.
This chapter does get a little dark in places. Nothing too graphic I promise, but certain things are implied.
John couldn’t help the low growl that emanated from his throat. Why was he letting this man affect him so much? “People don’t just have enemies.”
“Hurry.” Greg didn’t have time to show his relief. Grabbing his phone, he rushed back to his vehicle. He had to get back to the scene and let the team know that Sherlock was on the way.
Greg hesitated for only an instant before accepting the apology with a gracious nod.  "I'm sorry for trying to touch your mate." Greg put a definite emphasis on the ‘your', causing another few ounces of strain to leave the shorter man's shoulders.
As he moved to go around the desk a rather nasal voice suddenly spoke up “This is a crime scene, I don’t want it contaminated. Are we clear?” A ferrety looking man glowered at Sherlock from the far wall, where he had been standing unnoticed. John shook his head in amazement. What was it with these people? Was Lestrade the only one on the whole scene that wanted Sherlock here?
John’s teeth were at his throat, rougher now than before. Sherlock moaned as John worked his way down to his collar bone. There were sure to be marks tomorrow Sherlock realized; but that was rather the point. Sherlock’s body was singing as John’s scent wrapped around him. Without warning John suddenly bit down hard, breaking the skin. Sherlock hissed and tried to pull away instinctually; the bite was deep and burned like fire on his neck. John pinned Sherlock still against the bed as he bit down again, alternating between lapping almost apologetically at the wound and ensuring it was deep enough to take. After a few moments endorphins began to rush through Sherlock’s system as his body registered John’s intentions. His body reacted viciously, every cell screaming suddenly and intensely for them to complete the bond.
Opening his eyes, Mycroft reached into his pocket and picked up the phone to call Anthea. There were arrangements to make, and plans to change.
Sherlock made a noise low in his throat, trying desperately to alert John to his presence. The cold burn of the knife held tight on his neck had the small sound dying before it could reach his lips. His hands and feet were still tied securely, and Robert held him with enough experience that he knew he couldn’t get away from the knife in time to avoid having his jugular cut. He was helpless to do anything but watch between the crates as John stepped forward, moving deeper into the room.
“That will do nicely.” Sherlock nodded with sudden apparent delight. “I should have just enough time to pop out for the riding crop.”
“Yet,” he said, returning to his Doctor's voice, “for what we are going to do, you are going to wear it” he stated, “Stand up, hands behind your head, please”.
His fingers had started to go loose, they slipped a bit. The sub immediately returned them into the position. He could feel the sweat wetting warm the gauze that still wrapped his hands, it had been a miracle he had managed to not break his fingers, he had thought, he had been lucky to not lose his fine coordination for his job.
Greg smiled delighted, accepting the sub plead, he kissed his shoulders blades, and slowly he reached the sub's hole with his hand, starting to open it watching as the sub gasped out of the air at the pain, and yet started to thrust himself against it, moving back as much as the cuffs would allow him, opening his hole and tensing it, milking his finger as Greg had taught him to do with his cock.
Sherlock's eyes dilated, he wondered if the Doctor was being serious, his humiliation had gone lost somewhen before, but he felt still ridiculed by the request. As if he had guessed his thoughts, John said  “You behave like a pretentious brat, you get punished like one” he mocked, clearly satisfied with Sherlock's reaction, "Now, don't make me repeat myself again," he intimated.
Mycroft had made his appearance shortly after. Without even saying hello, the older Holmes had offered Sherlock the choice between coming to the rehabilitation center with dignity or while being dragged by his men in the car.
John's resent seemed to dissipate and he smiled, “You mean you are far from subspace,” he said, “I don't think you will be for long” he added with a malicious tone.
“Because of your savior complex?” Irene teased, smiling. She grabbed her glass of wine, making the sub flinched a bit.
He felt John slowly caressed his thighs as he lowered his pants and trouser, then a hand rested on his lower back, pinning him on position and somehow reassuring.
The paddle left him for a brief moment before falling sharply against his flesh, the crack that the impact produced thundered in Mycroft's ears, he barely heard the scream he left out.
The sub has started to shave a few days ago. When he had realized John's taste for smooth skin, he had done it and then, without a word, he had presented himself naked, kneeling as usual as the Doctor came into the apartment for his training, as a present, with a satisfied and naughty grin on his face.
Hannibal bent towards him, Will finally looked into his eyes again “Are you worried, Will?” the doctor asked the doctor said smiling only with his cold glare, "Aren't you curious to see him hunting?" William stared at him, without answering as a cold shiver ran through his body.
Working with submissives as broken as him helped him, but at the same time he had never grown so attached to any of them, he cared about them deeply, obviously, he had protected them, guided them, but every time they used to have a shared goal: get better so to be suitable to find someone else to have a true relationship with.
The Dom had punished him delightfully for doing so without his permission, and afterward, he had kissed and caressed every inch of him and ordered him to maintain himself shaved.
John glared at his own sub, who was at least now laying down as he had left him, the sub's ears were flushing red in either shame or, more likely, anger. He grabbed back the leash that had fallen on the floor.
Sherlock had been moving, shifting forward, away from the blows but always returning back, silently wanting for more despite the burn, John didn't reprimand him, silently enjoying seeing the sub fighting between pleasure and pain.
“Have you packed anything at all?” He asked, glaring at his roommate. Sherlock’s fingers finally stopped for a moment, raising his eyes from the display “What for?” was his frowned replay. The doctor looked up again, taking a deep breath, “Right, what for” he muttered, finally getting in the car while Sherlock returned to his typing.
“This is about obedience, Sherlock, so you have to do as you are told” John continued, grabbing Sherlock's chin once again, forcing him to watch him and listen closely, “fail to do so and you earn punishment, clear?” he said, a hint of a grin was in his mouth and sparkle of danger in his eyes as his voice had gone stern.
