«Dean?» He shudders and turns his face to look at me. He quickly wipes his face with his palm, his look is all concern and caring. Voice quiet, soft, slightly hoarse.
“…okay, it was very nice, really. I’ve never tried anything like that, and I really… I should kinda… thank you guys? Yeah. Thank you. And I umm… you know I have no prejudices, of course. Right? And after…that… I have no regrets. It happened. It can happen once in a lifetime, right? Just wanted to let you know, I’m okay with everything. I mean, I’m not gay, but nothing wrong with what’s happened…”
Deans’ breath is calm, he takes his exhales slow and deep, he is relaxed, focused on sensation. The head goes in, an it’s wonderful, he bites his lip at that. It’s not only about Benny giving it to him, it’s about him taking it, also. Because he takes it so good, he takes it so fucking well. He knows, how it’s done.
But Castiel keeps looking at him with his raised brow, his expression doesn’t change. There’s gonna be something else, something Benny’s missing…
“Dean, I’m so sorry”
Dean is not hesitant anymore, not shy, he feels safe, too. He want’s to snuggle closer to Benny’s chest, and he does. He want’s to curl his arms around Benny’s waist, and he does. He wants to touch Benny’s face with all tenderness that is there in his fingers, and he does.
“Yeah, why?”
I’m numb.
“Tell me.” The rhythm increases fast, and Dean lets go one hand from his knees to grip it desperately on Castiel’s shirt.
“Benny you’re so fucking good” He gasps, looking directly at Castiel’s eyes. “I love it, Benny. I love, how you fuck me”
He still holds Benny’s hand, and he pats the back of it with his other palm. Firm handshake.
“I fucking love you, you know that?” He says quietly.
“He said… he… he wanted to check again, if we’re cool…”
“Yeah, and you did very well so far, I must admit” Castiel nods in approval.
“Yeah. And?” Benny’s doesn't follow, but he keeps grinning.
Oh, finally.
«I don't need a blanket»
He doesn’t know, if he should laugh, or cry, or run away, or what. There’s no sign of Cas, and Dean is just lying on the table naked with the most peaceful expression on his face. Umm.. now what?
“Happy now?”
“With you…”
“Good” Castiel sits on the bed and starts to stroke his shoulder.
“Y-yeah… yes, Castiel”
“I like it too” he assures.
“Yeah..” Dean nearly whines.
“You don’t want to distract me?”
“Feels good, Benny?”
. Don’t you?”
Benny holds out his right hand and looks, fascinated, as Castiel lubricates both his index and middle fingers.
Castiel puts the lube back on the towel and rises his eyes on Dean again, giving his own knees a quick tap.
Damn, Dean has a lot of paperwork, actually. He’s gonna spend the rest of the day on it. But that’s okay, Benny’s at the workshop, he’s gonna make sure everything’s fine. That’s his job. He has no reason to go upstairs to see Dean. They’re done with common tasks for today.
«I'm not leaving,» he shakes his head. Yes, he's just walking up to the closet. «I just wanna put a blanket on you»
“So um.. it’s the way you do it?” Benny tries to keep the conversation going, because to stay like this in silence is even more awkward.
Dean freezes. Did he hear correctly? Cas asked… He asked Benny…
These are my arms, my shoulders, hands. I used to know my hands as lethal, strong and fast, and I’ve always thought, that’s enough for male hands. I mean… they are, yes. But now I’d add, they are full of care, also. Even gentle. They are good for so many things, I didn't even realize they are so good.
“This is wh..” Cas closes Dean’s mouth with his palm.
Benny’s attending a gay sex educational program at the moment. Okay, so far it’s not much differs from the usual sex. Be careful, don’t hurry, let your partner relax and feel good, ask, if you're in doubt. He can do all the above.
Dean looks back. His face is totally blank. He just looks.
“Um… you mean like… with someone else?” Dean’s expression is careful, he raises his eyebrows.
He arches his back, leaning on his elbows, and moves towards Benny, taking a little more of his length it, it’s easy, with how skilled and relaxed he is. And he surely knows, how graceful, yet filthy he looks, doing it. He knows, how good it feels for both of them. Then he makes himself tight around Benny, he clenches good, and pulls them forward.
He puts his hand on Dean’s neck, but Dean’s expression stays the same blankness.
But it’s time for an actual work now.
“But.. he liked it”
“Oh..”
Dean does. Shiver still hits his body, and he climbs on the bed with a very little gracefulness.
Benny is back on track, and he makes his cock comfortable with lube.
“Sit there, Benny”
Dean rises his ass higher, and feels the towel being tossed under it. Then he feels Castiel’s fingers on his waistband. He pulls Dean’s briefs down, or, in this particular situation, up. Up and up, until his hole is exposed.
Bed quacks under new weight and mattress sways a little from movement. Castiel lays down and slides his hand over Deans ribs. He presses his chest to Dean’s back. His breath is warm and ticklish on Dean’s neck. He’s hard.
Dean smiles and wraps his arms around him, he feels a bulge in Cas’ pants rubbing against his exposed skin.
Your presence in my life. You. All of you. So pure, so perfect. So selfless. I’d say you are full of light, but it’s not quite so. Because you are the light.
He shows in the doorway fully dressed. No comfy home clothes.
“On his back or from behind?”
“What?”
Dean’s grin is wide and he shakes a little in silent laughter.
You look mine in my clothes.
Benny blinks and snickers nervously.
Days are like this.
Now Dean understands, why he’s lying on his left side. No shame or embarrassment are left in him. He can grab his cock now, he will show Castiel, how he did it.
“Yeah, yeah sure” Benny giggles.
So, I guess I’d rec to start from the second chapter and then return to the first one to understand what has happened at the beginning? Idk, it’s your choice. Just to let you know first chapter differs in writing style slightly, and the fic itself is gonna be written more like chap 2. Mind this.
I counted the seconds; they aimlessly wandered around, and then, having nothing else to do, gathered into minutes. It took more courage for minutes to gather in hours, but they did anyway. Hours slowly built up the days, and every seven days made it into a week.
Dean… smiles to this.
“That’s okay, Dean. There’s nothing criminal in liking other people. You can’t control your feelings. Only your deeds, right?” Cas runs his fingers through Dean’s hair, calming him down.
Benny flushes a little too. It would be so amusing and funny to watch, if Dean wasn’t in the same condition. No matter the flush, although, Benny’s voice stays solid.
“I figured, this would be easier” Cas shrugs. He approaches and helps his husband with putting a robe on, holding it out like a coat.
“I mean, he most likely will start with something like…” Cas cleans his throat to make the better resemblance of Benny’s voice “Listen, boss, I’m not gay!” It came out very close to his manner of speech, and it makes Dean snort with laughter.
“And you?”
“Hmm, no. We’re not in a hurry here, Benny” Castiel is not impressed.
“Fuck, do it!”
“… the sentence, actually.” He nods, his fingers are fast on the keyboard. “Aaand there!” He clicks on “Save” and turns his face to Dean. “Hi.”
“ We won. Chuck is defeated. Jack took his power and he handles it very well” He is smiling again, sincere now, warm and proud. “All this time, you were right about the kid. You were damn right, Cas.”
Cas notices, and soothes him immediately. It’s a simple forehead kiss, but Dean exhales a shaky “Fuck…” in relief.
Dean has never in his life seen two men paying so much attention to his ass, it makes him go nuts. This is not just AWESOME. This is a fucking dream come true. And now, he gets to feel Benny’s tongue inside him. He’s almost sure Benny is willing to do it. To do, as he is told. He probably doesn’t realise this yet, but Castiel works him slowly, masterfully, as a master he is. Dean is once again convinced, that his husband is phenomenal, and he fucking loves him more than anything in this world. This guy is the smartest person ever, Dean is impressed with how Castiel got his light mode activated today, just to make Benny comfortable enough, but, never the less, make him do exactly what Castiel wants. An hour ago Dean was absolutely sure Benny’s 100 % straight, though. Now he has Benny’s head between his legs.
He finishes it and looks at a mess he is now.
He takes a step to the side and leans closer to Dean’s face, to meet his eyes. He looks. He gently wipes sweat drops from his husbands forehead and cups his face with one hand.
“I am sure. Dean, he had his first sex with a man. Of course he’s panicking and makes a hundreds of excuses in his head.” Cas sounds, like he’s explaining the thing a to a child.
I’ll watch over you. It’s my turn now.
“What…” he swallows hesitantly. “What do you mean?”
“Hey, Cas. Careful, careful! Here..”
“…fucking anything” he says, probably, in a thousandth time fascinated with the view of his beautiful husband taking himself out of his pants.
“Oh, not that bad? Not that bad?? Last time I accidentally put it cold on the head of your precious cock and you didn’t talk to me for two days!”
“I need to… fucking… lay down” he grunts, as he turns himself to lay on his back.
He’s trying to convince himself, that it’s true. It’s a mixture of relief and fear, of pain and bliss. His voice is cracking again, he’s losing his breath. His hands now clinging into my trench coat, so tight, his knuckles turned white.
Dean lets out a sweet quiet sound.
He didn't allow himself to think that way. For months. He was stopping himself every time these thoughts appeared in his head.
“Benny, you’re right handed, right?’
Here.
Benny understands now.
“Very good boy, Dean” His voice is soft and soothing. “Now close your eyes. Relax.”
“Trying to…” Dean’s expression is very polite.
“I wanna fuck” Benny mumbles agains his own fingers, thrusting into Dean’s hole.
The kiss is sensuous now, demanding. If they hadn’t both come less then twenty minutes ago, they’d probably will be fully hard right now. It’s getting arousing, so it’s time to stop now. They break, they breathe. One more slight touch of lips and they let go their arms and step away from each other, smiling.
I want to come into your room, I want to sit beside you, while you’re still sleeping. I want to smear that goddamn glue all over you, from head to toe, and put myself on top of you, as like I’m the other surface. “Assemble parts and hold together with pressure for 15 seconds or until set”, the directions say.
“Cas!”
“A little will do”
“That’s it, very good” He hears slightly breathless approval. “Very good, Dean”
“Fuck… yes! Yes is did! Yes… I…” his head falls back with a moan.
Cas squints his eyes.
I need to get out.
“Say it, Benny” Castiel’s voice is very calm. “If you cannot voice your wishes, they won’t become your reality”
I know, it’s no use, I know it’s not possible, I know... I know. But I keep doing this, I keep begging. Not for a solace, not because of compassion.
“Yeah, okay” Dean nods and rubs his face in relief.
“Yes”
Castiel is very pleased.
“Benny, take a condom and come over here”
But then -
I’d drive.
Dean does.
“Yes”
“I have one condition, Benny”
I’d drive. But where to?
“You know, Benny” he says wistfully, “I’ve fucked a lot of men, but not one of them liked to take it in the ass as much as Dean likes.”
“No…”
You took yourself away from me. It’s not fair, it’s so not fair. How could you do this to me? It’s not fair, can you hear me?
With this, Benny leans back to behold. His eyes move from Dean’s face to his hole not to miss anything, as his thumb easily slides inside.
“I think, you should thank him later”
Benny swallows fussily. Right now he’s up to pretty much ANYTHING. Even if Cas would like to fuck his ass, hell, he would agree. He’s scared shitless with it, he must confess, but it looks like it feels pretty awesome? So yeah. He’s good with anything these two can offer. But… but he surely hopes his ass is not a thing, after all.
“Yeah..”
Benny does. He stands next to Dean, leaning against the table, and Castiel moves his chair away from them to have a better view from afar.
“…but, you’d like it?” Castiel rises his eyebrow. “Something to happen between you two. At work.” He looks attentively into Dean’s eyes. He knows the answer already. He just needs to make sure. He needs Dean to acknowledge it, too.
And I’m kissing you. I’m kissing you. I deserve it.
“Fuck… Yes.”
Benny wants to touch himself, hell, at least take his cock out of his pants, it so very uncomfortable, keeping it there, squeezed between clothes. He wants to jerk off to the filthy sounds Dean makes, and the taste of his hole on Benny’s tongue, the tremble of his thighs, and the desperation of his grip on Benny’s hair. God, he wants to fuck him so bad. Make him moan like this, come all over his ass.
Now it’s the hardest part, because even if Cas is 99% sure he’s right, there’s still 1% he is not.
“Benny, I… I fucking love your tongue. Fuck man, you’re so good”
“Am I interrupting something?” Real life Benny clears his throat loudly, standing in the kitchen doorway, snickering.
“Yeah, if you need to use a bathroom, make yourself comfortable, You know where it is” Cas smiles to him.
Can I rest now? Can I close my eyes? Can I, please, can I stop feeling? Anything? At all? I’m exhausted. I just want it to stop. I want everything to stop.
Benny looks.
“Don’t ever leave me again, don’t.” He breathes, slow and deep, calming himself down. I breathe with him, I hold him close.
“Dean?”
“Yeah, I love you too!” This was loud too, for Castiel. “You fucker.” This was mumbled under his nose, for himself, with a very large smile.
“Who’s talking about sleeping?” Cas murmurs into his neck and gently rubs his nose on it.
Dean takes a deep breath, he purses his lips into thinnest line. But nods.
Geez. He needs some water. Or some vodka. Or both. He walks towards the sink to fill his glass with water. He drinks slowly. He can do vodka later, at home. Whatever this evening is gonna end with, he will definitely need a good drink.
He pets Dean’s wet hair and waits, when their breath come to more or less stable.
“Yeah. Yeah, boss. See you downstairs” Benny nods and smiles too. He closes the door when he leaves the office.
“I’m sure” He smiles.
Okay, sweetheart, let’s do it. And Benny thrusts with his whole length. That feels wonderful, oh god, just marvelous - to hold him like that and fuck his mouth. Benny bits his lip, still grinning, he’s observing expression of gratification that appears on Deans face.
Or, there’s gotta be sewing kit here somewhere? I want to thread a needle and sew you to me. With such large and strong stitches, I darned Sam's pants like that when I was a kid, I know these stitches are reliable, believe me.
“Ohhh, now we’re talking! Okay. Okay, it's a bet.” Dean smirks.
Dean is done with papers, finally.
“Yeah…”
“We are.” Like, huh, what are you even talking about, man? I thought we agreed, right?
“Good. Now make it to the second, slowly”
“Yeah, he is” Dean nods. He stands up too, to help Cas with cleaning. “We should hang together more often”
“That’s it, fast and deep. My boy has such a lovely mouth”
“Yeah, come in” Dean invites at his own risk.
Castiel looks at him, examining the now bared cheeks with his hand. It strokes lightly.
Dean shrugs, jutting out his lower lip slightly.
Dean bites his lip, he’s serious.
You look sorry and giving me those puppy eyes, and I swear I want to smile so bad. Not just smile, really. To laugh with my full chest, easy and warm.
Now I can’t look at him. I’m not…
Miraculously, he even managed to sort all that shit before 7 pm. He writes few more letters and that’s it. Guys are probably done for today, he’s gonna close the empty workshop and drive home. He closes his laptop.
“I mean… Okay. Yeah, it was… We all do things, you know… sometimes. In certain circumstances, I mean.” He shrugs like he tries to diminish the value of everything that has happened on Friday night, but… but Dean remembers Benny’s face between his own legs. He remembers the eager in his eyes, when he shoved his tongue up…
“Oh..” Benny swallows. Although he has no idea what it could be, he is certain, Castiel can figure it out for him.
“Yeah, I got ya..”
“Fuck!! God, yes!”
As an answer, he just purses his lips.
I close my eyes and my mind goes blank.
“Oh. Yeah. He kinda… I...” Dean doesn’t know how to explain it. It's not the time to make a report on domming and subbing, really.
«Yes, thank you. Good morning, Dean»
“We’re not shy” Dean smirks.
Dean leans in closer. And closer. And he wraps his arms around me.
“What do you feel now?”
Benny rolls his eyes in deep exhale.
“You’re here, you’re here…”, I hear his whisper against my ear, combined with shuddering breath.
Benny excuses himself, and they are alone in the kitchen now.
“Fuck… Castiel! Please!” It’s a whine, and Dean isn’t sure if he begs for it to stop or to continue.
You’re getting better.
Dean swallows and nods. He is.
Castiel is right. He’s so fucking right.
“Castiel?”, - is that my name? I’m not sure anymore.
Dean laughs.
“I um.. I guess I should go, huh? I mean, you’re having a good time together…”
“Were you sucking him good?”
“As you wish” Castiel nods in approval.
Fucking Christ, really?? “What are you doing?”? Benny, what the fuck are you saying even?
“Benny” Cas interrups and Benny shuts up immediately. He doesn’t even understand why. But he can’t contradict this voice. Something about it, that makes Benny want to salute and say “Yes, sir”. Cas looks him in the eyes, the look is smooth, but it makes Benny squirm a little.
Hand sliding down again, but this time it reaches to the point, making Dean’s another one “Oh, fuck!” clearly loud this time.
“F-fuck!!”
“Busy day?”
Benny does, and he hears Dean’s gasp.
“No, you’re about time”
“You know…” Castiel starts, as he tilts his head, squishing his eyes. “…I’ve been thinking…”
“Yes?” Cas is decisive but attentive. He is careful, he needs to make sure he doesn’t push Dean’s limits too far. He looks patiently, waiting for the answer to appear in Dean’s eyes.
“Good. My boy was so turned on of having a cock in his mouth, he started to touch himself?”
Castiel frowns, as something bothers him. Indeed, rough fabric is not pliant enough, so he decides to get it out of the way. He unbuttons, unzips, then pulls Dean’s jeans down, but not too far, only to fully expose the underwear. He expresses his approval with the rise of his eyebrow.
“Do you mean it? You really mean it?” Dean won’t shut up.
“Yeah, that's it. You’re gonna work your tongue so well, aren’t you, Benny?” Castiel murmurs. He’s very pleased.
“Yes. Do you?”
“Are you loud, boss?” He smirks.
Benny does, it takes him a minute to cool off a little, breaking a silence in the kitchen with his heavy breathing. Finally, he opens his eyes to see a glass of water near to his face, held out by caring Castiel. He takes it with gratitude, this is a very good idea. He sees Dean finishes his glass and exhales in relief, so he drinks too. Castiel takes both their glasses and asks politely:
Dean does. He’s trembling so bad.
“Oh, man, I’m so sorry! Didn’t mean to distract you.”
Someday, I’ll believe you’re back for good. For good. For ever.
And Christ, if Dean’s cock doesn’t respond in his pants.
“He can” Castiel answers.
Benny probably has a very stupid expression on his face. He almost says some ridiculous shit like “What, now?”, but he just keeps on staring at Castiel, a little panic growing inside his guts.
Waistband stops under his balls, leaving all the rest covered with fabric.
It’s our air. We share it.
“Dean…”
It’s tenderness.
I don't know where to.
Castiel starts the timer with
«Shut up, okay?»
“Tell me.”
“Do you want me to go on?”
Okay. It’s a good sign, and Dean feels familiar ticklish in his guts. Cas tilts his head.
Dean’s eyes grow wide.
“Yeah… and he’s okay with everything. And he… he hopes, we’re okay, too. And he says thank to us, anyway…”
You’re taking two milkshakes out of the bag, one for you, one for me. We argue on who’s gonna cook today.
“Fuck.” He raises his eyebrows. “You.”
Dean’s eyes are open.
He works with his mouth again, it’s wet and hot against Deans skin, and Dean pleads:
“You know, what I mean.” His fingers start to circle the rim.
Same as now. He asks with his eyes, and Dean replies with his.
“I did” Cas murmurs and pulls Dean closer, pressing him against the door.
And without any hesitation he slides his head between Benny’s arm and Dean’s leg, licking into his hole. Deans is not sure is it the abruptness or the sensation itself, but the moan he made came out way higher then it should. Castiel doesn’t even bother to stop at that, he continues making out with his husband’s most sensual part, and it is absolutely clear, that he’s fond of the process.
“Timer ran of four minutes ago”
Benny slides his hands down the inner side of his thighs, fingers digging into his skin. He wants to touch every part of Dean, that he can reach. But yeah, Castiel is right - Benny’s going to need his hands now.
Their lips touch again, their eyes close, their hands move awkwardly to find the way to each other’s bodies. The kisses are light, gentle in an exploratory manner. Its this okay, man? Do you like it? Are you comfortable with it? You sure? Benny holds Dean by the arm, Dean holds Benny by the shoulder. Every next kiss is longer, every exhale in between is heavier, tension grows, as the distance between their chests decreases. They break the last kiss and stay closer than they’ve ever been, breathing the same air. Dean can swear, he hears the unrestrained beat in Benny’s chest. His own heart probably dances to it. He likes Benny, he likes him so much. His damn broad shoulders, strong arms, and smile, that sits in his foxy blue eyes. He’s been dreaming about this man for months, all of him, it’s time to finally admit it.
Then... a flash of light. And a voice that is louder than anything, sharpened with anger and... feebleness? “It’s you! You made it loud! You woke them! You made them scream at me!” And then - deafening silence.
Cas looks into Dean’s eyes.
“If it will cost me 50 bucks, I won’t!”
“Do you want to taste it?”
“In position” He demands.
How many times I’ve touched him to heal his wounds, to stop his bleeding, to protect. Now I can’t bring myself together to wipe his tears away. Yes, I’m good with fixing physical damage. But how do I make human heart feel better?
“You wanna fuck his hole with your cock, Benny? Look, how ready he is for your cock” His finger gets inside so easy. “You wanna fuck a man in his ass with your cock?”
“And now he thinks, it was a mistake or what? I mean... I wasn’t panicking like this. You know… after our first time”
Please, let it be real. Please. Please… Not another happy dream, that turns into nightmare, when I’m waking up. Please.
Benny looks at them, looks how Castiel pets Dean’s head, strokes his neck, kisses his temple. As he holds Benny’s gaze, doing it.
This was meant to be the one shot and my first attempt and challenge to write something thiis explicit.
It’s been two days and nine hours, since you’re back.
“I like him, he’s so funny” he kisses Dean again.
Castiel leans back in his chair, he crosses his arms on his chest, as he’s relaxed and smooth.
Dean bites his lip. To say this out loud is much harder, than he expected.
Benny’s not sure he’s heard the last sentence correctly, but it’s clear, that mood is broken and he probably should laugh a little more and go home. He’s okay with that, he can just jerk off to this beautiful memory. He’s okay. Isn’t he?
“Yes, Castiel” Dean nearly whines.
“Fuck, Benny, please…” he’s in awe with the expression on Benny’s face, it’s nothing less than a pure bliss “…fucking don’t stop, please!”
“Yeah, again”
“Very good.” Castiel looks at him, his voice drops lower.
Anyway…
I place a huge bowl of hot chicken soup in front of you. "Eat!" I say. "Or I’m gonna start feeding you with a spoon, I swear!”
“What did you do, Dean?”
"Yeah, I mean... why, why are you asking?" Dean sounds slightly confused now.
“He’s funny, I like him” Cas smiles, he stands up to take all the empty bottles of the table.
It’s not really a question, but Dean replies anyway.
In his head, Castiel adds ten points to Benny.
“If you’re not sure, you can always ask if it's good to go further”
“No no no, don’t stop now, everything is fine” Castiel assures him. “Go on!”
“Two” Castiel confirms calmly.
Benny is impressed, he shows it with a loud gasp.
“I’ve been thinking… Lately I often fuck him with my cock and a vibrator. And I think, he is skilled enough already, to take both of us.”
Cas kisses him again.
“Yes?” Castiel’s eyes are back on Dean’s again. He looks attentively, as his hand starts the rhythm again. Dean wants to gasp, but he needs to go on.
I know, I know! I remember everything you’ve said. I remember how I tried to believe it, to understand, to accept, to let it all inside me and keep it there. Your simple truth, that I actually mean something. Mean so much. To you.
"Dean — " he attempts, throat working against the hand still around his throat, but Dean holds the blade over his lips to silence him, eyes still trained on the darkness around them. He watches the shadows a moment, then grins that horrible smile that reminds Castiel of a predatory cat stripping skin off a fresh carcass. Only then does his gaze flicker back to Castiel, human eyes Castiel never thought he'd see again, pupils blown wide inside pale green rims. He licks his lips.
"No more silk sheets for you, huh?"
Dean takes his time getting vertical. It's not like he's in a hurry to get anywhere, for once. He doesn't bother to change out of the sweatpants and t-shirt that serve as pajamas, just brushes his teeth and debates shaving for half a minute before deciding, fuck it. He's earned a few days off.
"Original sin," Dean says, finally adding it all together. "I thought Gadreel let the snake into — "
"I thought it'd get easier when I got older, y'know? Sonny's wasn't so bad. Only decent sonofabitch I ever ran into on the road. I woulda stayed, too, if it hadn't been for you."
"I don't want to talk about Dad," Sam snaps. "Tell me about Michael."
Before the shower starts to turn cold, the water is running clear and the smell of decaying flesh is gone. There's a small, rough towel folded over the rack on the wall, and Dean uses it to to ruffle his hair.
jump off your trolley. Anyway, don't worry about the details just now; you'll catch on quick enough. They always do."
"I told you it was too much," Sam says as the batter bursts out the sides of the iron, huge globs dripping onto the counter. "They don't all have to be perfectly waffle-shaped."
"Cas, for you," Dean says, "the answer has always been yes."
the consciousness wonders.
Dean comes back for it.
"You wanna help me?" he says, slipping into the driver's seat and turning the key in the ignition. He glances at Sam, breathing hard and bloody against the pillar, and Cas on the floor, putting pressure on the wound in his leg. "Don't hunt me." It's not a threat so much as a promise. Dean grins and slips the gear into reverse. "Or I
"There's my angel."
"Yeah, I guess." Sam's quiet a moment before coming up behind her, and picking the second of the two steak packages she's considering. "If heating up canned spaghetti and opening a box of cereal count as cooking."
"Yeah, right," Sam says, leaning back. "Since when is anything above
. We've always came out on top before. We'll deal with it when we have to."
An hour later, Sam plays with the dial until he finds some obnoxious rap song. Even dares to turn it up a notch.
in his family, but this...the implications of the role are too much for Castiel to concentrate on. He watches the crews transform the set instead, swarming over the stage like ants, seamlessly consuming and building something new.
Except his dick isn't cooperating, which, okay, it's not like that's never happened before, but whatever. He hasn't had a solid night of sleep in weeks, even his fucking junk is exhausted.
When he steps into the shower, he turns the water up as high as it can go. It isn't nearly hot enough.
Gabriel takes a breath and reaches for the back of a chair to steady himself, and it's such a human gesture that Sam sinks right past pissed off into worried. "What the hell are you talking about?"
"He does whatever the fuck he wants," Bela huffs, crossing her arms over her chest. "And whomever. It's not like he asks for permission."
Neither of them have noticed him, but that's fine. Sam toys with the idea of banishing Castiel, but then what's to stop Dean from turning around and killing him? But if he can trap Dean first...
"The purpose of pornography also eludes me," Cas barrels on, because apparently they
. Dean winces. "Tosses your salad," he tries, and immediately wants to hit himself in the face. "Or, you know, flies your flag. I mean, hell, we're in Kansas, but uh, no judgements here, right?"
Cas is laid out on the bed, watching a MythBusters re-run on the Discovery Channel. "Shower's all yours," Dean tells him, discreetly pulling on some boxers under the robe. He isn't sure what Cas gets out of a shower now that he's powered up, but at least it'll give the guy something to do rather than watch Dean eat.
"Probably," Castiel agrees. For all Sam's talk this past year about being over their lifestyle, for all the hurtful things he said to Dean that drove Dean down the path he is on now, Castiel knows this much as true. Sam could never do the deed himself, not after everything the brothers have been through — not after everything Dean had sacrificed for him. "But all of it is immaterial until we find him."
. The dark was home.
"You're different." Dean rolls his eyes, but Crowley pushes on. "I'm not flattering you, princess. You've got
Mr. Universe or Keung or whateverthefuck his name is turns out to be human after all, and the only one Dean's seen in here so far. Though, considering the clientele, a human would not last long in here left unattended. The man is short and bespectacled, has thick, long hair whisked into a bun and he's wearing an ostentatious silver Mandarin-style suit.
Bela catches the set of keys he tosses her with one hand. "Keep an eye on him."
"That's disgusting," Sam says for the third time.
Bela's scream ends on a hiss, fury in every word, "You think I don't know that?"
Sam lets it slide. "You're sure?"
There is no reason for Jimmy to fear Castiel, though, as Uriel's and Raphael's vessels learn to fear them and their like. He will not be reckless with this body, will treat it with care and return it when he is finished. If he dies and Jimmy dies with him, then Jimmy will take his place in Paradise.
problems,
"Dean isn't mine," Castiel insists, because he isn't. Dean will always be Michael's true vessel, even if Dean reserves the right to serve that purpose. That's the way it's always been. "
"I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important." Sam winces at the sound of his voice; he doesn't mean to snap, but the asshole ahead of him keeps tapping his brakes even though he has at least six car lengths of room, and Sam is boxed in and can't get around him. Sam wonders how long he can get away with using the shoulder as an improvised HOV lane. "Did you get any hits on the Impala?"
She forgets about it when a beam of light erupts out of the roof of the motel next door, pure white and brighter than the rising sun. The sound follows it quickly, a high-pitched whine that builds and builds, until she can't even hear herself screaming. She clamps her hands over her ears and ducks her head, hiding from the light, mumbled prayers spilling over her lips.
He doesn't say it, though, and it doesn't matter; Cas doesn't hang around to find out. He could say it anyway, pray it so maybe the bastard would be forced to listen, but what the fuck does it matter? It's not like Cas will come back.
"She's a kid!"
Son of a
"You said there's evidence someone escaped?" Sam prompts, and the man leads them to the remains of the bar, scorched worse than the rest from the busted bottles of alcohol.
." Crowley shoves his hands in his pockets and glares up at the sun like its insulted him. "Every day we waste up here, months go by in Hell."
Dean shoots him a look. "So, what, they just let themselves be slaughtered because they're too smart to be assholes?"
about fucking time they only hired her bc she had tits bitch couldn't find a rhythm if it smacked her upside the head
"Nah, I got it," she says, sweeping the last of the glass into the pan. "But you can help me in the garage, if you want. After you eat," she adds hastily, giving him a once-over. "I left some scramble in the pan."
Cas rolls his eyes but leans in to meet him, and they spend more time making out than actually getting clean, but the water washes away the worst of it. The tiles are stone cold where Cas shoves him up against the wall but they've warmed by the time the shower starts to run cool and Dean's fingertips are pruning. Cas finally pulls away when Dean starts to shiver and turns off the water, swings the curtain back and wraps them both in fresh towels.
Bela's quiet a moment, then shrugs and says, "I think it's a moot point, considering you're going to kill me before I need to worry about it." The smile fades when she looks at Sam, features slowly morphing from smug to anxious. "You
"Oh ya, you bet'cha." She sits cross legged beside him until he gives in and takes a sip. It's dark and bitter, kind of like his mood, so he drinks some more. "You got ten before they go up, maybe fifteen before they need ya up front." She sips at her own cup and blinks up at the ceiling, thoughtful. "I can accidentally unplug a few things and buy you another five."
. Cas has made it pretty obvious he's not going to up and leave without explanation, and Dean's worried that if he doesn't get some fresh air, he's going to get sick of Dean real quick.
Dean yawns. "Some 80's brat-pack teen romance."
Castiel's mouth and throat are sticky. A soft buzzer goes off to his left from the war table, vibrations tickling the shell of his ear. He brings up new hands and studies them, flexing fingers at their joints. The structure is similar, but at the same time so different it leaves him feeling strangely...adjacent. Disconnected. The human equivalence to light-headed.
That does get Dean's attention, and he shifts his gaze to Ash, who shrugs. "String's a string, man. That's a kickass Falcon, by the way," he murmurs, picking up the white semi-acoustic still sitting in its open case. Not nearly as fancy as the violin he's wielding, Dean suspects, but a nice choice in its own right. He would have been fine to play without an amp.
"Uh, no," Dean says definitively. "Doesn't have icing, isn't a cake."
"The whole Super Saiyan routine's fun and all, but, y'know," Gabriel shrugs, but there's a smile in his eyes. One wing still hangs a little crooked, burned down to the bone where Dean landed a glancing blow. "I got better things to do than kick your ass into next week."
"I'm just saying, he's kinda cute," Dean hears one say.
speech, okay?"
"He's still my brother," Sam says, like that will make any difference. "Whatever else he may be."
He inhales too fast when Cas spreads his wings from nowhere, black as deep space and twice as breathtaking. They block the worst of the wind, and give off a gentle, steady heat, like a massive outdoor propane heater. Dean rubs his hands together. It's a good thing Cas picked the truck; there's no way he's staying overnight camped in the backseat, and he's just as likely to put the Impala in a ditch in this weather. At least now Cas'll be able to haul his sorry ass out.
you could accomplish."
The wendigo was predictably a pain in the ass and there were a few times Dean experienced real terror (and that's rare enough, these days) when he and Sam got separated from Cas and Dean was imaging the worst in the dark. Ten hours later, they all piled into a tiny motel room, a couple first degree burns each but no worse for the wear, and Cas and Sam each took a bed and Dean just conked out on the floor with a pillow.
It's already right before the tour, even though the first booked venue isn't until late October. Dean's got one and half songs of a fifteen song album hammered out, and they need that ready to go before they start tour prep. Hell, if Crowley has his way, it'll be released in time for the summer festivals. "It's not just up to me," Dean reminds him, grabbing a massive case of Bud Light for Ash so he'll leave the IPA's Benny's picking out alone. "What's your read on him?"
"Not right now," Cas grinds out and cants his hips. It slides the head of his cock right along the underside of Dean's and Dean almost drops the tube. "Hurry up."
Dean becomes intimately aware of how loosely Cas' robe is tied around his waist when sits back down on the bed, stark terrycloth creating a bright contrast across a tanned thigh. He looks nervous, and not the wide-eyed sort he was that time at the brothel, but rather eyeing Dean like he's a dog that might decide to bite. "Are you sure?"
He brings the blade under Cas' throat. He doesn't even hesitate.
Her soul glimmers in the low light, a bright spectral rainbow against the gloom. Dean moves towards it, hypnotized. His nostrils flare and his pupils dilate.
Cas, five minutes ago, and is now just Jimmy's empty vessel, still in the chair and hanging limply in its bonds, black tear-streaks on his cheeks from Rowena's attack-dog spell. "Yeah, and
Dean smirks triumphantly at Sam, but then Castiel continues on, "It can also be a cake, but it can't
Dean shifts and his eyes flutter when Cas reappears by the table and lays down a paper coffee cup. Bleary-eyed, Dean embraces the cup, bringing it under his nose. He gives a deep, guttural purr, reminiscent of a cat that, for the moment, has decided it is content with being pet. His eyes drift closed in anticipation, the words tumbling out around the cup's rim. "Marry me."
"Got it?" Dean demands, now all-too conscious of how he's practically in the angel's lap. But Cas is
The pain is an afterthought as he curls his fingers around the hilt, salt smoking against his skin. Dean closes his eyes and exhales, feels his eyes roll back as the heat rush through him like sweet relief. The mark on his arm pulses in time with his heartbeat, power branching out and down his arm, twisting in knots over the bones of his wrist and fingers until his fist constricts, the blade becoming an extension of his arm.
Swiping the phone unlocked, Castiel sees the photo that accompanies the text. It appears Gabriel found the green room, furnished with plush, leather couches, a full open bar, and enough food to feed, Castiel thinks, the entire stadium. Gabriel took it like a selfie, and surrounding him on all sides are three women who could easily pose as centerfolds for
"Depends on how much I use it." Cas continues to drink his beer and makes a face, but swallows it anyway. "So if you could avoid any life-threatening injuries for the time being, I'd appreciate it."
"Donna said you were around here somewhere," Dean says — shouts, rather, so Castiel can hear him. He stands shoulder-to-shoulder with Castiel at the top of the stairs, and Castiel briefly wonders who Donna is and how she knows who
marks. And it's on his right side so it's not like if he angles himself just right at breakfast Sam won't notice in the twelve-and-change hours they have left in the car.
"I will call the police if you don't get off my porch right now."
Crowley shrugs. "That's a conversation for later. Provided you accept my proposal."
The mark on his arm pulses a reminder. Dean shrugs, and Cas tilts his chin up as the blade scrapes against his jugular. "Maybe. Maybe not. Tell you the truth, I haven't felt this good in years, Sammy."
Dean hears thunder and is confused for a split second before he realizes someone's just hammering on the door. "Pretty sure that was an eleven," Dean says into the phone, grunting as he sits up. The little storage closet he's claimed as his own doesn't spin, just tilts a little before settling back down. "It's unlocked!"
Castiel manages to get to the bar without bumping into anyone, but he's pretty sure he's seen at least three A-list actors on the way over, and one girl who is definitely some kind of pop star. If high-profile clientele were the usual here, it certainly explained why there wasn't so much as a
"I already told you, sorry ain't gonna cut it. Not this time. But y'know, I gotta ask," Dean says, lips curling. "Why are you trying so
"I wasn't," Jody interrupts him, "because my mother didn't raise me to be an idiot. I was just going to ask if you wanted some company."
"Really?" Dean snaps, sitting back up. "Nothing to be ashamed of? Are you kidding me? She was just a kid, Cas. And I —  " He closes his eyes and grips his right arm, twisting the skin of his arm with enough force to bruise. "She didn't deserve that. None of them did."
Dean blinks, lips curling at the edges, and his eyes are black when he answers: "Not a goddamn thing."
Jody steps up beside the couch. "Can't sleep?"
"Yeah, I was a coupon salesman!"
"Sam," Castiel says, and reaches out.
Dean's on his knees. He's
"Funny way to show it by trying to kill us."
"He likes the bass."
the snake," Castiel interrupts. "Lucifer planted the seed, Gadreel let him in, but it was always down to you," his gaze snaps back to Crowley, bright blue and sharp. "You ruined paradise. God left because of
The man between Dean's legs must get the angle right; Dean arcs off the bed and hits a decibel Crowley wasn't aware he was capable of. He pulls his hand away, and gestures to his companion to take his place. He moves to Dean's head, but doesn't immediately make use of his mouth, allowing them enjoy the sounds he's making. He watches his companion with hungry blue eyes, eagerly awaiting his turn.
Charlie and Garth are humming the lyrics under their breath and Benny, looking no worse for wear, is watching from the couch with his arms folded while Ash keeps the beat with Dean's old acoustic. Benny catches his eye and raises an eyebrow and Dean knows why; he's been bugging Dean for a while now about a new sound. Dean's mostly ignored him; Garth can pull out just about anything on a keyboard, but if this guy wants to show off, then Dean's content to let him.
"That makes no discernable sense." Yeah, thanks, Cas. "You should take a break," he adds, and lays a hand on Sam's shoulder. Sam shifts, unused to the touch. The only person Castiel has ever touched without purpose is Dean. It's strange, but not unwelcome, and Sam sags a little. "I'll keep an eye on him."
"I didn't mean," Cas starts, when Dean doesn't answer. "I just meant there's no reason for either of us to sleep on the floor."
Sam wonders if Dean knows, but doesn't know how to broach that topic, so he starts breakfast instead. By the time he's loaded a bowl full of oatmeal, a mug full of coffee, and takes a seat across from Cas, half the pie is gone; one forearm is laid out along the table, Cas’s other hand tracing long lines across the thin skin of the wrist with his fingertips. His eyes are closed, head bowed, and Sam fidgets because
you."
The oil's fine and so is the exhaust, just some melted snow in the tailpipes. The wheel bearings are wearing thin and starting to crack, but they should make it back to Kansas with miles to spare.
. There's not a bell in sight — just a short, derelict line of rooms with a dusty parking spot in front of each door, dyed grey by the early light of dawn. The office is the first room on the left, a little paper
wants to, it's just —
"I said before," Cas repeats. "Even human, I couldn't really comprehend the function of sentimentality, even if I felt myself experiencing it. I'm not sure I can now, but," he shrugs. "At the same time, I understand it." He runs his fingers along the hood, stopping before his hand brushes Dean's. He has a weird look on his face, not-quite-smiling. "I feel regret about the Lincoln."
"Hold that thought, Thursday."
"I want to find him just as much as you do. But you're not in any shape to help anybody, not right now. "
"Holy shit," Sam says, after they've left. He tugs at his tie before unbuttoning his shirt collar, and runs a hand through his hair. "How many of those bodies were human?"
It's like an itch, just under Castiel's skin. Prickling at the epidermis, faintly scratching at the back of his skull. Dean's angry, like he hasn't been in a while, not since before Metatron plunged his blade through Dean's heart.
The lights overhead flicker and Dean stills, hairs along his arms and neck standing on end. A bulb pops overhead and Dean allows himself a smile, tips the bottle back, sucking down a shot in a shower of sparks.
. He doesn't have the mental stability nor the stamina for that, and certainly not the funds. It took three years of waiting to get into an orchestra that's respected
"There's cold ones in the fridge."
Sam closes his mouth, but can't help the shiteating grin.
As soon as he moves, Cas freezes. "Is this okay?" he asks, lips brushing the shell of Dean's ear. "I wasn't entirely sure if I needed to ask permission," he admits, and Dean rolls his eyes before he realizes Cas can't see him do it.
Cas gives him a real smile this time, warm and gummy, and Dean just wants to kiss him again.
Why couldn't Walt have been hunting mermaids in fucking Santa Monica?
He starts stripping off the outer layers before remembering he's not alone, and wonders since when the hell that mattered. "Uh," he says, halfway out of his t-shirt. "There's some cash left, give the waiter a tip if they come while I'm," he gestures towards the ensuite bathroom.
The blade is gone, but it's not far; he can feel it. This place is full of tiny rooms and hideaways, some he's sure he hasn't even seen yet, but he'll burn the place down if that's what it takes.
"What would you rather have, peace or freedom?"
Castiel tries to imagine Dean Winchester, rockstar extraordinaire, as a bit of an introvert, and fails. Benny's eyes land on Gabriel, and Castiel remembers his manners. "My brother, Gabriel. This is — "
"Don't apologize for me, Garth," Charlie says, and holds Castiel at arm's length to look him over. "Wow, that video Jess sent was really shitty quality, okay? No hetero or anything, but, you're kind of gorgeous."
"She should have gone to a hospital immediately," Castiel says, pulling his hand away. "The infection has already reached her bloodstream. She's going into septic shock."
"You look like hammered shit," she informs him. "But we don't really have time to clean up. Those hounds won't be far behind."
Cas shifts in the passenger seat, blinking away sleep as Jody answers, "I was hoping you'd be able to tell me."
Sam checks Dean's forehead with the back of his hand and frowns. "How many fingers am I holding up?"
Cas takes care of the fire and the coffee (Dean hands him a twenty and he reappears with steaming paper cups thirty seconds later) while Dean digs around for keys. He's surprised when the truck splutters to life without a jump. Peeking under the hood, it looks like Bobby had the good sense to give the thing a battery blanket. The rims aren't anything special so Dean shifts it into neutral and lets Cas push it (one handed, the fucking show-off) out of the back alley and into the covered bay with the lift.
time you screwed me over..." He shrugs, as if it's all forgiven just like that. "Shit, if we had the time," he looks Cas over, licks his lips. "But I got places to be, people to waste."
Dean takes picks up the star and almost drops it, hissing through his teeth as it bites his skin. Bela eyes the relic and then Dean, eyes narrow. "First things first. How much do you really know about this?"
Dean just stares at him, because the idea of Flipper raping anything is just fucked up.
He won't, and Dean already knows it. Sam wants to believe Dean, so he will, despite whatever doubt. Castiel reaches out, placing a hand on Dean's shoulder. Dean tenses at the touch and starts to shake, and Castiel reels him in, wordlessly offering comfort and Dean takes it, lets Castiel's wings curl around them both, doesn't even notice as Castiel shifts them out of the hallway and into Dean's room.
Dean jerks his chin away. Crowley lets him, and becomes humanoid once more as he steps back. Dean stumbles to keep his balance and clutches the cold edge of the sink, staring in the mirror. His face stares back, but flickers. He already knows the answer, but has to ask.
"I'm not defending him, but he's not — "
"Is Dean all right?" Jody asks.
Sam opens his eyes and his vision's blurry. He blinks away the tears. "I don't know what to do."
Dean places the radio down on the concrete floor as he stands, and reaches for the blade tucked in his waistband.
Dean knows he should lay off, but this has been bugging him for weeks, that he's going to wake up one morning and find Cas has taken off, no explanation, and chooses to ignore any prayers Dean sends his way. He can't just scrape by with the big scary unknown hanging over his head.
Jody takes her book and slips out of the library to leave them to it, despairing  at the minds of men and angels in general.
He's eighteen when Sam runs off to Flagstaff. Dean doesn't sleep or eat for two days, but Sam is smarter than Dean gives him credit for and Dean can't pick up the trail. He finally goes back to the motel to crash, mindlessly exhausted, and wakes up to the sound of the Impala pulling up outside the room, cold terror hooking into his chest at the sound of the car door closing and John's heavy boots outside the door.
— but then Krissy had interrupted, and the rest Sam already knew.
He doesn't realize she's sent it off to Dean until an hour later, when his phone
"Yeah, right," Krissy says from across the room. She lowers the gun, but doesn't put it down.
of Hell is trying to corrupt him because the Devil is trying to break out his cage —
"You should eat," Cas says, but shifts the truck into gear.
"It's not usually this bad, but things get crazy when multiple bands are sharing a stage." Benny shrugs. "
"Being cavalier," Cas says simply, "and being intimate."
The trip back to the bunker is better. Dean does most of the driving, and Sam's almost thankful for the constant stream of classic rock 'n roll. He doesn't know if Cas has taken a backseat or is simply keeping quiet, but it's nice to have his brother back, even if he's an obnoxious prick.
"Y'know, he's right." Dean fists his hand around the star; it's small enough to be totally encased by his fingers, points pressing painfully into his palm. "My soul isn't worth it. Never was. Gotta be honest, I don't know what the hell you ever saw in me," he admits, ignoring the heavy scent of impatience and brimstone behind him. "But I never did thank you, for what you did. For me, for Sam. For all of us. And if anything's worth it, that is."
Cas shrugs. "I actually agree with her."
to go?"
Yeah, Dean's angry. Sam's gone, Cas is about to be, and Dean... he doesn't even know what.
"It's hard to explain."
time, everything's pretty clear."
A light shiver runs along his peripheral vision and Castiel turns, searching. Souls and their vessels blur together as they dance, limbs entwined as they shift around Castiel. The energy in the room shifts and turns as a whisper of something sinister skirts past his senses. He knows he's in the right place, but Castiel will never find him like this, surrounded by this cloud of spirits.
"Oh," she says again. "
"Spoiler alert: there's no sex," Dean stage-whispers.
The blast of cool air from the main room makes him shiver, and only now does he consider he didn't plan ahead with clothes. As if on cue, the door swings open again and Bela appears silhouetted against the sunlight, several shopping bags dangling from one hand, his car keys in the other. He takes a moment to study her vessel; late-twenties, early thirties. Brunette, short hair, big blue eyes. She's pretty, but not stunning. Slim, but not skinny. The kind of girl he'd have taken for a night and forgotten in the morning, once upon a time.
Hellhounds."
The moment the flames go out, Dean lets go of Cas, and Sam goes to catch him. Dean throws him against the nearest pillar with a thought. His outflung arm strikes the stone at a bad angle and something inside
, okay? It's about," and Dean's brain is just a metered ramp during rush hour,
friends and then just, forgive and forget and go back to how you were, but you can't — " Dean stops and forces himself to look Cas in the eye, because it's important he understands. "This isn't something you can just take back, Cas. Once you cross that bridge," he makes a little explosion noise and hand gestures for emphasis. "The bridge is gone, man. And if you decide later you want to get back to the other side, you're screwed. Literally and figuratively."
The metal shelves inside are reminiscent of those at Bobby's, over-stuffed with the guts of scrapped cars, top shelves standing too high to reach without a ladder for those a slave to gravity and physics. Bucket and bench seats, truck hitches and center consoles, whole dashboards and stereo systems. The left wall is made up entirely of wheel rims, bordered by tires so old they've begun to crack. He finds the circuit box, flicks the breakers, and smiles as two lonely lights sputter to life overhead, casting the room in a soft orange glow.
Sam may have just seen Gabriel literally rain down holy fire from Heaven, but he has had it up to his ears with angels and demons judging his brother. "You really wanna play the blame game?" Sam doesn't realize he's shouting until he sees Gabriel blink and take a step back. "You've got a lot of nerve. It was
He wonders if Dean still has memories like this, of Mary and John before the fire. He wonders if the demon Dean's become would know what to do with them.
," Dean says.
He does lean up, though, so Cas can sit down before using his thigh as pillow. "What's the movie about?"
Her hair is loosely braided down the center of her head, left undone at the end to fly askew as it pleases. She's wearing neon pink jeans and a black racerback that proclaims in huge letters
to leave, Dean. I was just trying to do what was best for you."
," Sam snaps, and is perturbed that Dean doesn't flinch, doesn't so much as blink. "We're going to fix you, whether you like it or not."
," Sam threatens, but shuts up real quick.
The restroom has six urinals, two sinks, and four black stalls in the back, two-by-two facing each other. The walls are mold-green and adorned with writing, vulgar doodles and graffiti tags and poems in black marker, illuminated by the stark, fluorescent lights. The air is rancid with the scent of urine laced with something sharper, something that makes his vessel instinctively wince and wrinkle its nose.
"Arkansas."
. "Whatever, just try to keep it in your pants until I get back, all right?"
"Yeah, here," Sam directs her towards a seat and starts digging things out of the cabinet and fridge. Jody stares at the pile of food on the counter; a box of brown rice, a can of black beans, a bottle of orange juice, and a box of frozen spinach. "Winchester patented blood-loss breakfast of champions. Drink some water, too, but the food is iron-rich and the OJ'll help your body absorb it faster. You good to cook?"
"Your original meatsuit was hotter," Dean tells her matter-of-factly.
Sam stumbles as Gabriel beats his wings, knocking him back into the dirt. He doesn't get up.
Dean rolls over, stuffs his head in a pillow and closes his eyes. "If you're just gonna creep on me while I sleep anyway, you may as well be comfortable."
"No. I mean, you can?" Dean lets out a short breath in a bloom of white mist. "Just, uh, assume you have it, okay? Consent," he clarifies, when Cas tilts his head in question. "Are we done talking about this now? Great. Just, um, follow me back, and don't forget your headlights."
Dean continues to spin the artifact, flicking it with his other hand. The blade is nowhere to be seen; that doesn't assure Crowley, because Dean would keep it close. "She told me what you wanted this for," he says, finally looking up. "Gotta say, it definitely clears a couple things up. Mostly why you're such a douchebag."
"Nobody is killing anybody," Sam says decisively. "And look, he can't just crack it open. That box has some of most powerful warding on it I've ever seen. That's why I — " Sam stops, sighs again. "It'll take some major juice to get into it."
Cas eventually grabs his bag and goes into the bathroom and leaves the TV on, so Dean finds himself watching what turns out to be a rather tragic story about captive orcas and some trainer that was killed and by the end of it he's pretty much written off ever going to SeaWorld. Not that he ever had any plans to, but, it's the principle of the thing.
, that body. It doesn't look like much under a trenchcoat and even if Dean's been sleeping side-by-side with it for weeks now, covered in loose t-shirts and sweatpants, it's easy to forget that Jimmy's physique puts his to goddamn shame.
"Yes," Castiel says. "When I Fell for you."
It could be because this time Dean is wearing clothes; grey jeans that actually look as old as the tears in the knees suggest, a white, long-sleeved shirt with a zeppelin on it, and a thick leather jacket hung over the back of his stool. He doesn't look up as Castiel makes his way over; he's talking to the severe-looking barman, who's idly toweling glasses and looks generally unimpressed with his surroundings.
"No wonder he's bored." Crowley gesticulates at the lackluster surroundings — the sticky floor, the run down bar, the plain lack of variety in the clientele — and sighs when Bela just shrugs. He's pretty sure she was more clever as a human, and probably would have been more useful. Oh well. No use crying over tortured souls and whatnot. "I thought I was pretty clear on what you needed to do."
Castiel completely skipped the closet, but it's too long of a story to get into, right now. "Good to know."
Sam's saved finding a response for that when Dean makes a face and continues, "I don't
Crowley's smile makes him feel like he just walked right into whatever trap the bastard set, but Dean really doesn't expect any less. It's almost fun, this game they play, fun like he hasn't had in a very long time. "You up for a little field trip?"
"Probably more," Sam admits. "And he won't stop until we catch him."
Cas is laughing when he climbs out of the car and Dean sort of forgets that he's got the keys, and they need those to grab the go bags, because even though he's been human for weeks, seeing him totally overcome with any sort of emotion is a rare enough occurrence that Dean still gets a little mesmerized by it. Cas is smiling when he raises his eyebrows and reminds Dean that he has to pop the trunk.
The Impala is still parked outside and there's a bar across the street. Sam locks the room and makes his way over.
"What?"
Dean glares, and makes the explosion noise again. "Because then you're in the damn river."
And if that's how it is, then Dean's okay with that. Really. Sure, it's weird, but he'd rather have Cas than sex.
"Maybe you're right." Sam pushes his glass back, and Gabriel tips the bottle to refill it. This kind of conversation is mind-bending even on a well rested, sober mind, but fuck it. He's earned it. "But what does it matter now? All we've got is this," he waves a hand to encompass the here-and-now. "You get a longer view, but the basics are the same. You have to decide what's important to you and focus on that. Protect and cherish it, right? Because there's a lot of shit you don't have control over, but you can control the choices you make. Just, make sure they're good ones."
"If you like," Death says, shielding his eyes from the falling meteors. "Or I could leave you where I found you, aimlessly wandering the universe to destroy what you will, nothing but a force of nature. Even if you somehow found your way back, by the time you did, there'd be no Earth to go back to, engulfed by the red giant your star is destined to become."
do to me would be shorter than the things he did do." Bela shifts, trying to stretch, and sags when she finds there's no give in her bonds. "Got to know one another real well, Dean and I. The things that man can do with a blade..." Sam does not miss the small shiver that runs through her. "it's impressive. He was in the wrong line of work hunting, if you ask me.
Sam knows he shouldn't engage, knows that it isn't his brother talking, but he hasn't spoken to Dean in
, her long red hair buzzed away on the sides; the guy's got short, limp brown hair, large eyes and an even larger nose, and looks extremely skinny in a shirt three sizes too large, threadbare holes picked at the hem.
Dean could swear the room gets a little darker with the look Cas gives him. He's leaning up on one elbow so he can watch, and the other hand, still in Dean's hair, trails down and traces the line of his jaw. "We don't have a word for it," he says, thumb brushing against Dean's lower lip. Then Cas grins, eyes dark with amusement and lust and — something else Dean can't hope to identify. "I could give you an order, though."
"Alright, here's what's gonna happen, I'll talk to Ellen about removing a few night shifts or putting you on a different duty, okay? Also, now's a good time as any to ask, would you like a promotion, Dean? You're the best mechanic here, soon you'll have the best qualifications, you'd be a perfect fit for the team."
I slide under the car and begin working, falling into the calm zone where the shouting from the other workers disappears. Where it becomes just me and the car, it takes my mind off my nightmare. I work on her brakes until they're perfect and then slide out, wiping the sweat from my brow with my hand and smearing grease across my face.
"Sorry sir, I'm Dean, Castiel's friend. He went to the library to keep me company and kind of, well, he fell asleep. I'm going to drive him home, sir, but I don't know your address."
"When he woke up Abbadon sat on my lap and starting kissing me, thats where the story stopped, right?" Nods from everyone.
Cas' POV
I grin back at him.
The next few weeks were amazing.
"Alright, well everything looks to be in order and we are looking for new waitstaff. You're hired sweetie, what hours would you prefer?" I grin at her and think a little. I still had school and football so,
"Hey, boys! How are you? Come in, come in. Dinner's ready at six and we're having tacos, sound good?" Sam and Dean both grin at my dad and high five him as they walk in the house, Sam bounds upstairs, calling for Gabriel. Before my dad can leave I grab his wrist and whisper in his ear.
"Castiel, you're in an emotionally weakened state right now, so your powers are going haywire. If you or Dean have another nightmare, you'll both experience it again...I warn against cuddling?" In response I huff and hug Dean closer, he does the same thing back.
We gratefully stumble out of the class and Dean laughs a shocked expression on his face. Charlene skips up to us, her Star Trek t-shirt flashing in the light.
"Yeah right, closet nerd. You love me for it."
Truly happy and content.
Then I look at Cas. His black hair sticking up everywhere and his lips pulled into a smile. Even after what he just went through at school and all the pain he must be in, he was having a good dream. He sighs my name and I blush, affection warming my heart.
"T-thank you, s-sir. I-I....thanks." Dean's words stutter and I see Sam rise off his seat slightly. The connection between the two boys was crystal clear, and this was Sam watching out for Dean. I watch my dad gesture for Dean to come closer and Sam clenches his fists tightly.
Through the haze of pain, I listen to what Abbadon was saying. I had encountered demons before, me being descended from an angel and all, but I'd never met one who wanted specific revenge. They all just generally wanted world domination, not revenge on one human, but Dean had killed her daughter.
The first thought that crossed my mind when I woke up was Cas, all I could see were his sapphire blue eyes and the universe they held inside them. I blink my eyes open groggily and saw Cas sitting beside me, clasping my hand tightly and staring at me with fear.
"Yeah, Dean. Besides, I like Cas a lot, he's good for you." Sam laughs as Dean's ears turn red and then slides into the backseat, his eyes gleaming mischievously. I climb into the Impala and Dean grins at me from the driver's seat, as soon as we pull out of the school car park, he grabs my hand and holds it, our fingers intertwining together. I can't help but think they fit perfectly together. I hear a small squeak from behind us and look at Sam, who's grinning like a maniac.
"I'm going straight to uni for a gaming course, I get to design computer games biyatches, beat that!" Charlie shouts, a smile splitting her face.
We pull into the car park and Sammy opens the door but hesitates before going out.
But could I tell him and Sam the biggest secret? The one only dad had managed to find out?
"Heck yes, Dean. I love you so much, of course, I'll marry you."
I didn't understand why he was crying, but one glimpse at his soul and I knew he needed me. I wrap my arms around his waist and watch as his soul calms and becomes peaceful. I nuzzle into his neck slightly and grin when he leans back into me, his breathing become steady.
The principal shows us around a bit more before turning back to us and smiling. I concentrate and see her soul is fiery, a little intimidating to be honest but I notice the kindness in her eyes.
Hospitals smell.
"Did they rape you, Dean?" I feel Cas start to tremble and I look into the police officers eyes.
"Oh, Dean." I breathe, running a hand down his chest, tears springing to my eyes. I shake my head and stare him dead in the eyes.
"How's he holding up?" I ask softly, my voice hoarse.
Turns out I was wrong, both figuratively and literally. His quiet sobs shook my bruised body and I winced at the movement but didn't pull back. I feel the familiar tug on my heartstrings from whenever I looked at him, I just wished that I could hug him like this and it would mean more.
"I'm so proud of you." His voice his hoarse as his eyes close, and the best memories replay in his mind. Deans proposal, adopting their kids, having a family lunch.
I climb back into the car and think about how distressed his family was. I begin to drive home and realize that they thought his anxiety came back and he went to get drunk or high. I worry about Cas the whole way home and don't think about anything else until I've locked the front door and walk into the lounge room where I freeze.
"Every couple of weeks, Dad comes home and steals all of my money. I've tried hiding it, I've tried moving motels while he's gone but he always finds us and takes it. That's why I'm always just short of money. I don't have food because Sammy's a growing boy and he needs it, he's always hungry so he gets all the food, it's not the first time this has happened and it's not the longest I've had to do it. When we were younger, dad used to come home once a week and drop off money. If that ran out I'd have to steal it because I couldn't work yet, when I was eleven he gave me a fake I.D and told me to find work."
I understand what he's asking and I just subtly shake my head, they haven't done anything yet. Alistair laughs and drags Cas upwards, sitting him on the bench opposite me, facing the stand alone lockers. I had my back to the lockers in the middle. Abbadon laughs and begins talking.
Sammy sits back and shoots me a grin, pride clear on his face. He leaves the room and I turn to Cas, smiling at the twinkle in his blue eyes. I stare at him for a minute before he grumbles and kisses me, making my body feel electrified, even after the past six months together I still felt this way when kissing him.
"You cool if we have dinner at the Novak's tonight?" He nods vigorously and grins at me.
"I love you too, Dean."
I pull into Cas' driveway to see him wearing his favourite black pants and tan trench coat. He grins when I pull in and then races into the car, instantly weaving his hand into mine.
Cas smiles at me and I grin back. We walk through the door and shake hands with the lady at the front desk.
Having friends felt good.
"Normally, we would leave people like you after about a week, so it's unusual to keep at it for a month. No, hm, we, hmm, it's a combination of the things you've done. Cassie, you've hurt a lot of people at your old school, and Dean. Dean, Dean, Dean, you've done a lot of bad. You need to pay." He laughs and the rest of the football team follows.
"I had another nightmare last night and I freaked so much that I was sick." I softly say, he just nods, silent permission to continue talking.
"I know you don't want a therapist but if you want to keep Samuel then you need to talk to me." I slouch down in my chair and massage my eyes, trying to fight off an oncoming headache. After a full day of questions and paperwork, I was ready to sleep and just hug Cas.
She leans in right next to Dean's ear and begins whispering while staring directly at me, her words cause Dean to pale and then blush angrily as he shoves her back and sits up. He straightens his leather jacket and glares at her.
"You can hardly see the bruise, Dean! That's great! But why are you so sad?" I sigh and smile at him. Trying to mask the pain I was in.
"Castiel, how are you?" My dads voice answers.
"Hey, hey, look at me. Look. At. Me. It's okay, Sammy. See?" I gesture to myself briefly. "You don't have to worry, okay? I'm okay, you're okay and this school is awesome, right?" I say soothingly. He laughs and nods lightly, giving me the once over quickly. He nods to himself and jumps into the passenger seat of my baby.
"Dean will throw a fit if he wakes up in the hospital, besides, how would we pay the bill? We'd get dad and that could just end up worse for Dean." Sam looks down and kisses his brothers forehead, but I frown at his statement.
"What's for dinner, Dean?" They both turn to me expectantly and I smile, blinking back tears all of a sudden. This was nice, this was what I wanted, an apple pie life, with the people I loved talking to me, having an actual kitchen. I grin at the realisation that I had that now.
I smiled and walked upstairs, heading to my room, looking forward to the relief Dean usually bought. The rest of the group was hanging around tonight and we were going to our exams together, I was eternally grateful for the laughter they brought wherever they went.
Dammit brain, shut up!
When we get there I pull into the car park and tell both the brothers to follow me. I lead to the willow Dean and I sat under yesterday and explain on the way.
Horror, the screams that I made when my ribs broke.
"You're...bi?" I ask hesitatingly, unsure if he was joking or not.
After driving to their house Sam got out the first aid kit and started to patch himself up. I tutted and grabbed the materials out of his hands.
"Unca Sam! Anty Jess! Eddie!" Sam laughs and picks her up, swinging her in circles before placing her in front of Eddie, Sam and Jess' three-year-old.
"You, you killed my daughter, you know that? The demon in Mississippi? That was her." My heart sinks and I notice Cas' eyes widen.
"So Cas, would you like to play 21 questions?" Dean asks, flashing his signature grin.
"I'm staying with mum for a bit before going to the navy and becoming a seal." Silence falls and Jo grins.
And they saved me, they saw behind my mask and didn't turn away.
The last month we'd spent together has been awesome, I'd never had a best friend before and Cas made me see why I should have. He was funny, smart, awkward and knew me for me. We'd completed class together, hung out with the football together and won all of our matches together.
"Then when they started on me I was so glad Cas didn't see it, he didn't need to see it, then he had to watch it in a dream." Dean's tearing himself up over this? Over Castiel? My heart warms and breaks at the same time, dean cared about my son so much but there was so much pain in his voice when he spoke.
"I'm fine, Cas. Don't worry about me."
I hear the bell chime in the distance and completely ignore it, instead, I start cleaning the blood off Dean. It takes about ten minutes of scrubbing until his stomach is clean and his wounds have been sterilized. I motion for him to turn around and he shakes his head.
I walk through our old house, my fingers trailing along the wall. I follow the Elvis song playing through our radio and almost faint when I reach the kitchen.
I nudged Cas' shoulder with my own and nodded towards Benny, who was waving at us frantically. We grinned and walked over to him together, I still had a balloon of happiness in my chest from laughing with Cas. Benny walks us over to the jocks table and begins to introduce everyone to us.
"Sure Cas, what do you need?" He replies, his voice tense with concern.
We manage to find two seats at the back of the classroom and Dean sits just in front of me, giving me perfect view at the back of his head.
"What's your best experience with your father?" I blink and stare at her surprised, but she just smiles back at me with her pen hovering over her notebook.
"But Dean, I'm comfy! You're a really good cushion and I need to be comfortable to study for our exams!" I sigh and tickle the end of her feet, causing her to scream loudly and fall off the couch. Cas comes running down the stairs and just rolls his eyes.
I was enjoying spending time with Cas. Normally I would avoid social confrontations and never really make friends because we'd only move two weeks later. But this school was different, Dad had said so, we we're staying while he hunted by himself. So I was determined to make friends for the first time.
"Kevin, buddy, breathe. In and out, you'll do fine on the exam, don't worry." Dean assures Kevin and helps him calm down, holding my hand the whole time. Kevin calms down and smiles at Dean.
"It's all because I love you, Cas." I smile and kiss him softly.
"Hi, I'm Dean Winchester. Who are you?"
My siblings follow me and we eat pizza over Marvel movies and talk about our first days.
"At lunch, we're meeting here and having a serious talk about everything the bullies said and all the bad stuff that happened in our lives. Got it?" If we were going to stay together through this we need to know everything. Dean reluctantly nods and then grins at me, which causes me to frown.
"You think he'd do that to Dean?
Against his better judgement, Castiel clicked the link.
The pressure on him intensifies. Dean opens his eyes, but the heat and the room around him are gone, replaced by a cold, wet,
Not counting his demonic detour to Miami, it's been years since Dean's indulged in this and he's a little out of practice. Cas is bigger than he's used to and
"Alastair did keep them in line," Crowley admits. They move aside for their king, but Dean sees the recognition as their eyes pass over him. The fear there, though — that's new. "Shame your brother had to kill him, this lot runs rampant now that Malacoda's taken over. Getting them to do anything is like trying to herd cats." He pauses, glancing over the lake. "You idiots realize Nixon's gotten out again?"
"Once again, you make the mistake of thinking everything is about
Keung looks at Bela like she might offer some help, but she just shrugs. "I'd work quickly if I were you. Patience isn't one of his virtues."
, he really needs to get up, but Cas is laid out like temptation, miles of bare skin hot to the touch, and for the first time in weeks, Dean's body seems up and ready to do something about it.
The chair starts to vibrate beneath him, and it takes Dean a moment to realize the entire room is shaking, loose dust falling through the seams. The stone groans, shuddering deep, deep down, through the core of the earth and the thin veil between this world and the one beneath it.
"Cas. Cas — oh
Castiel glances over Sam's shoulder at the girl on the bed, a girl whose name he's already forgotten. It's easier if she remains nameless, an anonymous death among so many others that couldn't have been avoided. Still, something curls tightly inside of him as he looks her over, a deep discomfort that won't be pushed aside. Beneath the wounds and the infection raging through her body, her soul shines bright. It's unscarred by Hell and Purgatory, hasn't seen enough evil yet to dim the bright energy of hope.
of space.
Cas does, inhales quickly and lets it out nice and slow, and the tense line of his body sinks a little. He's still clenched too tight, and despite the lube Dean still can't move his fingers, not without hurting him more. "I'm gonna make you feel so good, you won't even remember this," and Dean will keep that promise if it fucking kills him. He lets Cas go, slides his other hand under Cas' hips, palm flat against the small of his back, holding him up. "You trust me, right? Just relax, let me take care of you."
"I can remember my soulless little brother letting me think he was dead for a year, and then feeding me to a vamp. Having to court Death to get his fucked up soul back for him. I also remember letting the only one thing I loved in this world that
, and flowing neatly into
on your side. Call it a bonus for being an angelic vessel. Worst it'll give you is a couple of third degree burns."
. If you care for me at all, remedy that."
Castiel gives him a withering look. "I was going to drive," he explains, and jingles the keys in his hand in explanation. "I will need some money, though."
"Fuck you." Sam knows it's stupid to engage, but it comes out like a reflex. Dean grins, and it's a weird look on him.
Dean has zero fucks to give as far as Keung's security or dead patronage. "Do you have it?"
"Okay. Cool. Then toss me that diamond star halo and let's get it on."
the only ore deposits on the board, dude."
The rest of the walls are dark grey stone like the floors below, but the floors are hardwood, dull with dust and scuff marks and dead leaves. There's a kitchenette in the back, along with a door that leads to another room; upon closer inspection, an old washroom, complete with an ancient-looking tub. The space to the north is mostly open, aside from a few desks that have begun to rot from exposure to moisture and four small, wire-frame beds.
They're in a level of the bunker Castiel has never seen before. Long windows replace the east-facing wall and a portion of the ceiling, letting in the early morning light. Some of the windows are open or missing panels, allowing nature to venture inside. A small porch opens up on the north end behind a set of double doors. There's enough forest on that side of the hill the bunker is buried in to hide the place from prying eyes, but still allow some open air.
Cas is laid out beside him, idle hands still wandering, but his eyes don't stray from Dean's face. Dean's caught by it for a minute, the dark glint there new and a little terrifying and kind of a huge turn-on.
There's a loaded pause between the brothers, caught in the tangle of words left unsaid, until Dean exhales heavily and licks his lips. "You good to clean up?"
"Sure," Dean says, and Sam stutters to a halt, because sure
His phone buzzes a response almost immediately. Castiel sighs and lays his head against the bar he's clinging to, the cold chrome dulling the buzz in his head as he accepts the call.
"Half an hour? Yeah, I'll be here. And Sam," Dean bites his lip and turns away, but Castiel hears him anyway. "I'm sorry."
"You have nothing to apologize for," Castiel points out. "Or to be ashamed of. You did what you had to to take care of him."
lied to you."
"What, no dance?" Dean says. "C'mon, Cas. For old time's sake."
"Did you take a second to think that maybe this
It's the last hunt he ever really did with John as a team; after that, they stayed close, always within state lines, but John got his truck and took off, started sending Dean further and further away to handle hunts on his own. He said Dean was old enough, could handle himself, needed to get some experience working alone because John wouldn't always be around to have his back.
He doesn't seem to be struggling so Dean keeps going, lets the sounds sink into his skin and doesn't even realize he's stopped playing his part when
The chair rattles as Dean shivers, fists white-knuckling against the armrests. "Why do you keep asking me that?"
the difference between the old you and," he waves his hand vaguely in her direction, "this?"
ARE WE GETTING SAM BACK???
"I didn't see you step up and volunteer as tribute," Dean points out. He does feel different, but it's hard to describe how; like an addict jonesing for a fix and finally getting one, only to find out he never has to come down from the high. One infinite hit. Calm and simultaneously giddy. Fucking
"Yeah, I figured. And look — I know it's useless telling you to stay put, because you'd just try to zap yourself somewhere and make things worse. So," Sam pauses to sigh, then pulls a dufflebag off the floor and dumps it in Cas' lap. "You can come, but we're doing this my way, okay?"
Gabriel opens his arms wide. "Bring it on, Dutch."
"I suppose that answers that," Balthazar says, taking back the phone. "Oh, don't look so distraught. It's not like the
The girl smiles at him, large eyes and teeth blinding white against her dark skin. "You look lonely, honey. Why don't you buy me a drink?"
Sirens are trilling in the distance, dispatched by the nearby town to answer reports of an explosion, an earthquake,  a tornado, and — according to the local bedlamite —  an Act of God (if Crowley rolls his eyes any harder, he's going to pull a muscle). Still, too close to the mark for his tastes. This system only works if they have the plausible deniability on their side, and too many mundane eyebrows would raise at the spectacle the last surviving knight of hell and archangel left behind.
on the other end of the line mirrored indignantly by Krissy behind him. "I promise, I'll explain everything as soon as I can."
Castiel sighs. His wings feel heavy over his shoulders, even tucked out of view. "Short of visiting a crossroads — "
"Actually," Dean goes on, and Sam has to wonder if Rowena hit him with a mute spell or if Dean's just being an asshole on purpose. "Is this gonna be a full-on Matrix thing? 'Cause if I can choose my illusion — "
"Then we'll figure it out," Castiel presses on, when Dean rolls his eyes. He places a hand on Dean's shoulder.  "Together. I'm not saying there isn't any risk, but you're going to have to learn how to trust yourself again."
. All right?" He rolls his legs off the side of the bed and stands up to stretch, wincing when something pops along his back. "Learned my lesson."
"Okay?" Dean parrots, because, yeah, that just happened.
Sam clears his throat. "Pie really isn't breakfast food," he says.
The phrase comes to him without thought. "Couldn't show up to a gunfight with a knife."
"You broke his fucking heart, Cas," Sam snaps.
The self-proclaimed King of Hell takes another drink before answering. "Look, it's not that easy to explain. And you're not exactly a textbook case. Can be a bit of a nasty shock. And trust me, the cleanup isn't worth it. Easier to work up to it. Feel it out, get your bearings,
. He could have them all, one at a time or all at once, and bathe in their blood and screams as he razed this place to the ground.
The room stills, interrupted only by the consistent
"The answer to that really depends on who you ask," Death says, squinting into the rising light. "To that creature, this is home. To you and yours, some nameless exoplanet with a meaningless numerical designation, slotted on a list of thousands more within your local supercluster. A vague calculation of size, orbit, velocity, and proximity to its host star." He peers into the strange sun, still rising rapidly in the distance. It seems smaller, now, but Dean isn't really paying attention. "That data is a few million years overdue, of course. Fickle thing, physics."
"C'mon, champ. This way," Gabriel says, and drags him along.
"It's the middle of the night — "
, because of course Cas cares. He was dangerously curious before, but now that he's human, he's a constant fountain of questions about random banalities that most people figure out in the course of... well, growing up. But Cas didn't grow up, Cas was just sprung into existence or crafted from cosmic godly intent or who knows what. He knows about loyalty and battlefield logistics and how to transcend alternate dimensions, but flutters with uncertainty if you ask him if he wants fries with his burger. "Look, where is this even coming from? Did Kevin let you onto the internet again?"
Gabriel jerks back like Sam thrust the blade in his face rather than simply called his attention to it. "No," he says, voice cold.
Judging by the incessant roar of the crowd outside, they have about ten minutes before it starts rioting.
"Hey, whoa — I'm gonna stop you right there, Cas, just." Dean sighs, scrubs a hand over his face, and tenses, because this is the part where the bandaid comes off. "It's not just about the, y'know, buns in the oven. I mean, I guess it is, for animals and shit, but," there's about eight different versions of whatever he's trying to say all jostling to get out of his mouth, and it's causing a traffic jam somewhere between his brain and his voice. Dean braces both his hands on the table and fuck it, it's Cas, right? He's going to have to find out sooner or later, and Dean'll be damned if random internet porn and a rapey reaper are the only education he gets on this.
Sam snorts a laugh and lays back, and the last thing he hears before he falls asleep is the roar of the throttle.
"Call it a gesture of goodwill."
When Dean catches Cas' eye in the rearview, he's wearing that same wicked smile from the night before and Dean thinks that maybe the drive back home won't be so bad, after all.
Michael turns his attention back to the line. It was beginning to break, but surges out under Michael's fury. Hellbeasts and demonkind scream as he lays judgement upon them.
Dean closes his eyes again, cheeks burning so much the water feels lukewarm. Cas is patient and waits him out, and when Dean looks, Cas simply smiles at him and runs a thumb across Dean's bottom lip. Dean catches it in his teeth, nips at the pad of it. "Word of advice?" he says, and Cas quirks an eyebrow. "Next time you wanna get laid, lead with that."
Michael regards him a long time, while the inferno of the outer ring of the Seventh Circle rages around them. "Bring him to me," he tells Castiel.
The shower helps; the water pressure is passable (it's got nothing on the bunker, though) and runs persistent and hot, despite Dean taking his time. He developed a crick in the right side of his neck from crawling under the old pickup; he stands with his head titled to the left, letting the spray hit the sore spot until the hot water washes the worst of it away.
The scream eventually fades and he can hear Bela panting, interrupted by a breathless laugh. "Is that the worst you can do, choir boy?"
Dean surveys the remains; Roy died quickly, and Dean dumps him overboard without much thought. Walt, though.... well, there's not much left to dispose of. He's acting on autopilot, cleaning up the mess, but it doesn't really matter; even if anyone can manage an ID, it's not like he has to worry about showing up on the FBI's most wanted list anymore.
to do. "You were human for a hot second there. Ditched that downgrade as soon as you could, though not much good it did you. Tell me, Cas, how did it feel the first time you went to sleep hungry? How did it feel to be all lost and alone and cold? How did it feel when April lured you in and turned on you?" Cas' expression darkens and he keeps his mouth shut but that's okay, Dean's got more where that came from. "How did it feel when you thought you were safe and with friends and I kicked your ass back out on the curb?"
on the chest. A set of drumsticks are stuck in her back pocket.
"Stay here, then. I don't care. You're not coming with us."
"He's
"Oooh, you were alone. My bad. Here I thought I was the chronically codependent one."
Sam just hopes it doesn't take too long, because he isn't sure how long he can listen to this.
Cas is still watching him, but there's a glint in his eyes that looks more curious than despondent, like a dog trying to understand words being spoken to it. "Your fixation with this car had always puzzled me," Cas says. "Before, I mean. I couldn't understand why you were so fond of something inanimate."
"I don't know! I only know he needs it because of the shit going on in the pit, okay?
"Don't take that tone with me," Crowley snaps right back, turning around. "You of
"So if that's the only objection, then I'm gonna try something. If you don't want it, just," Dean sucks down a breath so quickly it hurts, lodging a painful lump in his throat. "Just, say so, okay?"
There is only one task left, and it is the most important. Castiel checks his work a final time, makes sure every cell, every fiber, every freckle is in place. The vessel is perfect, an epitome of strength and beauty, and he finds it is no mystery that its destiny lies with Michael. Castiel might be envious, if he knew the definition of the feeling. He caresses the contours of the face, traces the line of the brow, the bridge of the nose, the curve of lips, and cut of the jaw.
Castiel removes the ring on the fourth finger of his left hand. He knows what it symbolizes, if not what it means. He takes it off, twisting it in front of his eyes, how they interpret the light drawn into it, how some reflect off the circle of gold and bounce away to be absorbed elsewhere. He tucks it away in a pocket and forgets about it.
"Yeah, I, uh," Dean cocks his head, eyes dashing off the side briefly before snapping back to Castiel. "Yeah."
Dean's lighting up a cigarette and Castiel waits for someone to point out the No Smoking sign on the wall next to the liquor license. "That's unintelligent," Castiel feels obligated to point out, "what with how you make a living."
Well, surely some of their groupies are hot guys.
," Dean snaps like a whip, and Castiel takes a step back. "I wouldn't have been able to live with myself. Not if you — " He cast his eyes down, off to the side. "Doesn't really matter now, does it?"
Dean warms up the Impala before he grabs what he needs, starting with the airbrush; the bunker doesn't really have the set up for a paint job, but it's got the ventilation and would save him another trip up here when he got the bodywork done. He leaves the body puller because he doesn't have the practice it takes to use it and grabs a slide hammer instead, along with a few gallons of Bondo and the box full of fresh spreaders Bobby kept in the back. He grabs the air filer, too, along with the sander, because it's not like Bobby needs them anymore and it'll save him twelve hours and a backache from doing it by hand.
killing you."
is printed on the banner below the news anchor, followed by a scroll that reads
. I mean, all you do is fuck shit up. Yeah, yeah, you dragged me out of Hell, jumped off the Holy Bandwagon, always came when I called. And then what?" Cas backs up, and Dean follows his steps, staying in his space. "Then you
clean. The bed is massive, taking up most of the space, leaving a small passage at the end between the bed and the dresser, on which is propped a 50" flatscreen. The window curtains are drawn and
"I needed you to understand the gravity of the situation," Crowley says, turning to face Dean. "Are you ready to play along?"
Sam grunts a curse as a gentle flick of Dean's wrist sends him flying against the wall. Sam recovers quickly, but he doesn't try to move, just stares at him with wide eyes, like he still can't believe it. Dean smiles and lets his eyes shift. "Sorry, Sammy. I really need that knife."
"I'm sorry if I ever gave you the impression I wished to be anywhere else," Cas says, and Dean can breathe again. "Pending any more disasters involving the universe or reality itself, I'll stay as long as you'll have me."
," she adds, with the kind of grin that simultaneously conveys disbelief and terror, "and you know
The angel blade is tucked behind his back, and Castiel knows he can get to it with his other hand. He could reach across the space with the hand on Dean's wrist, press it against his forehead and let what little angelic grace he has do the rest. He doesn't know if it'll work and will likely kill him with the effort, but he has to try. That's why he's here, why he left Sam behind.
"Hold up." Dean steps between them, one hand grasping the blade and the other the star, hidden inside his fist. His eyes don't stray from Crowley. "You still haven't answered my question."
Gabriel sags into him and emits groan that sounds like it crawled one-handed up a ladder from some soul-deep sense of disappointment. Castiel shoves him off.
"First, I'd recommend a shower," Jody says, and a laugh catches in Sam's throat. She pulls him off the wall and weaves an arm under him like a crutch. "Then we find Dean, and try again."
Castiel follows him out of curiosity, since there isn't much to be taught about hunting he doesn't already know. Dean leads him into the gun range and puts on a pair of earmuffs and a pair of safety glasses. He pulls out his gun, motioning Castiel to stand off to the side. He stands with his feet shoulder-width apart, and leans forward as he brings his arms up, the handgun nestled secure in his grip. Both eyes are open and between the intake and exhale of breath, he squeezes the trigger.
Dean follows Crowley across the glass-like surface of the lake, ignoring the chattering of the souls trapped inside of it, and resists the urge to shiver. The mark burns against his arm, and Dean grips the blade tighter. The surface of the lake is vast — not endless, but oceanic — and they walk for a long time. The only sounds are the moans of the damned, the distant thunder overhead, and the shrieks of the imps darting between them and the storm, some with souls snared in their talons.
"So what happens now?" Dean turns away from the fading ocean to face him. It.
. He doesn't say it, Dean already knows it. And the past two weeks — well, Cas has been so focused on Dean's well being, he hasn't thought of anything else. "I'm sorry."
by the Score.
Dean's body is gone. Sam curses, but knows it's his own damn fault. As well-protected as the bunker is, he
Castiel stares at a reflection he doesn't recognize and a chill washes over his new skin while the demon rages inside.
"Yeah, her." He waves a technician over and takes an evidence bag off his hands. "Found this in it. You know any guys that sport rhinestones on their belts?"
Mumbled voices pass by on the other side of the door. There's so many people here, now; he's been having some trouble separating those he used to know from those he's getting to know, learning to love them again. One massive family of hunters so accustomed to war that peace puts them on edge.
with Sam, too," Krissy grumbles from the backseat. She leans forward, elbows dangling over the back of the seat. The gun looks very large in her small hands. "You can do it, right?" she asks, eyes finding Castiel's. "I mean, like, you guys smite demons all the time."
"Really don't have time for this," Sam snaps. Gabriel narrows his eyes, but Sam is pretty sure if Gabriel was going to hurt him, he would've just let Dean finish the job. "Can you or can't you?"
He pulls on the black jeans and t-shirt, shifts the leather jacket around his shoulders. The all-glass french doors to the balcony are thrown wide, the acrid odor of smoke wipes his palate clean of anything else.
"So having the mark of Cain doesn't make him a threat, but being a demon is?"
Sam doesn't get the chance to react before the air in the room shudders, expands, and then suddenly contracts. Dean winces and reaches back his weapon in one movement, but it's too late to leave even if he wants to. He's already surrounded by blinding light and the overpowering scent of ozone. Even poor Sam, still pinned to the wall, looks genuinely surprised to see twelve angels appear in the room with them.
," she snaps, folding her arms over her chest. "You're the one who told him to take a vacation."
The room's a room, smaller than he expected for the price, but it looks clean and more importantly,
Cas being bossy in bed isn't really a surprise, but it's ticking off boxes Dean didn't know existed and he files that away for later and instead introduces Cas to the miracle of lube. When he takes them both in hand Cas is writhing underneath him, hands clutching at any part of Dean they can reach, nails leaving red lines behind on his thighs, chest and forearms. He's getting close and Dean's been on edge since this whole thing started so he keeps his strokes slow and loose, and part of him might be enjoying the indignant noises it gathers, but part of him also wants to show Cas just how good this can get, show him what all the porn in the world can't quite convey. When he pulls back and drags a lube-heavy finger down below Cas' balls, lets it rest there in question, Cas just twists under him, eyes screwed shut, and nods.
Dean's looking at the case, which is made of some lightweight composite Castiel can't pronounce. It's bulletproof, fireproof, tamper proof, watertight, and can withstand crushing up to ten thousand pounds. It has its own humidity sensors, two separate GPS locators, and a biometric lock that only three people can access; Castiel is one of them.
The reply takes half a beat longer than the others.
Dean shys as he approaches and raises his weapon, but Castiel does not flare. Simply moves closer. Keeps watching. Waits until Dean shifts, the uncorrupted parts of his soul reflecting the dark light Castiel's wings emit. He does not corral Dean, merely coaxes. Does not demand, simply offers. Settles beside him, closer than Dean allowed Michael to wander.
"Jesus, you don't have to shout, and there are ladies present," Dean mutters, pushing away from the piano and Kevin in one movement. He catches Castiel's gaze on his way past, and claps him hard on the shoulder. "We'll be in touch, all right?"
Kevin blinks, because usually when he shouts at people they cower, but Castiel — what kind of name is that, anyway? — holds his ground and just looks down at him. Dean hopes for a second that Kevin's lost his stride, but he recovers quickly and resets his sights on Dean. "How is that Tessa fucking quits and I am the last fucking person
Maybe Cas took his shiny new wings and split, left them to fend for themselves. It's the smart play. Maybe there wasn't anything special there to begin with and Dean's just played himself into it, let himself believe something changed along the way to make it worth coming back.
Crowley hums, whether in agreement or contemplation, Dean can't decipher. "To be truly free, you need to be free of who you were. Free from the things that held you back."
The clock struck two and Dean was in the hallway before the second bang hit. He followed the noise to a closet near the entryway. He practically ripped the door off the hinges, the last bang sounding as he did, causing him to scream. “Fuck! This is bullshit. What the fuck?” He started to look around the empty space, not having yet been filled with leather and denim and flannel. On the top there was a shelf that Dean had to stand on tiptoe to see all the way to the back. He spied something in the darkness and was thankful he’d been smart enough to grab his phone. Turning on his flashlight, he was able to see a wooden box pushed all the way in the corner. Jumping slightly to grab it, Dean pulled the box down from the shelf.
A blue vibrator was not one of those things. Not even close.
Dean sigh turned into a moan at the feeling of Cas stroking him through the panties. The silky material gliding over sensitive flesh while Cas was fucking him caused his head to loll back, eyes sliding closed. The occasional pass over his prostate drawing out low noises.
The setting once again turned up.
He shoved them away in a drawer.
-----
“Hello, Dean.” He held a black box in his hands, wearing only an emerald green robe.
It didn’t take him long to come to a decision.
He awoke with a start at the noise. “What the fuck is that?” he asked himself between the raps that echoed around him. Dean jumped out of bed, throwing open his door just as the last of the raps came. He stood in the doorway, waiting for the sound to continue. After five minutes he sighed and crawled back under the covers. He muttered to himself, complaining about the interruption in his beauty sleep, and turned over.
They’ve been used on him plenty. Actually acquiring one himself? When there’s no real privacy, the ownership of sex toys becomes a hassle that is not worth the work when he has hands instead. So he never bought one. But then Sam moved in with Jess and John died and he was all alone in this house with the secret hidden vibrator in the closet.
Dean turned to his side to look at him. “So… what are you?”
But he’s never owned a vibrator.
That was all it took. He came with a groan, spilling in his panties. Cas soon followed after, still rubbing the dampened satin until he was finished and drawing out soft cries from Dean.
This time he carefully folded it and placed it away with the others.
One by one he put on each gift in the order he’d received them, ending with the dressing gown. He looked at himself in the mirror and couldn’t help but smirk. “I was right. I do look like I just murdered my husband.”
It’s a “yes” or “no” question.
His hand is little faster, than Castiel’s thrusts, but that’s okay, he can do it in his own pace now.
“Tell me, what happened between you and Benny today”
“Fuck…” Benny breathes out. “How the fuck are you so sweet, boss?” He looks at Dean’s lips, he traces them with his thumb. “So fucking sweet…”
Benny nearly faints at his. He knows he’s good, sure. They all told him he’s good, but never at the process and straight to his face, just like that. Girls are shy, usually, they just moan and that’s all.
They got a little distracted with a flush of sweet memories, followed with certain amount of kisses, but they do continue on their topic, few moments later.
It’s been almost three years, since his father died, and he had to take over the business. Now he's 29 and he runs it very well. And this room.. now this room looks very much Dean. Some rare number plates on the walls, along with signed Metallica poster, vintage record player and a half of his vinyls collection, family pictures on the shelves. Office, but not too official.
“Sit down”
Benny would lower his head and start to snicker, too, but it would bring his nose right into Deans ass.
Dean’s reaction is explicitly audible. A little too loud, but who can blame him?
“Jesus fucking Christ” he mumbles, doing it.
He gives a slight pinch of approval to Dean’s nipple and shoves his other arm under the fabric. Palms circle, slowly leaving their warmth on Dean’s skin, soothing and teasing at the same time.
We breathe together. For a minute, for an hour, I don’t know – time doesn’t matter. We breathe until the ache is gone, replaced with warmth.
To die for him.
“Really?” Cas rubs his eye, taking off his reading glasses. “I thought the beginning was nice”
“Very usual?”
Castiel keeps looking.
Some decisions have to be made. For all three.
“I’m certain, I’ve picked the right level of difficulty for you. Because, Benny, if you think Dean looks fantastic, bending over some car, then yes, he is. If you think he looks amazing, taking it into his ass, yeah, you’re right. But what you should know is... the only thing that can compete with the beauty of Dean taking a cock in his ass, is him taking it… between his lips.”
Castiel smiles.
“He fucking did it on purpose, didn’t he?” He asks instead.
“How are you feeling?”
“Well…”
“I thought we agreed, man” he mumbles accusingly under the pressure of Benny’s lips.
Dean moans again. His eyes fell shut, his hand is so tight on his cock.
Dean and Cas break a kiss.
“Oh, really?” It’s so fucking grumpy, it causes a new burst of laughter from Dean.
“Yes, I’m… I heard them, I heard everyone. There,” what’s the point on lying? I open my eyes, but look away. I don’t want to talk about it, not now.
Cas looks up at Benny. Who's slided down in his chair a little, and is so hard in his pants, it’s nearly painful. Mind so heavy with need, his eyelids are half-shut, he surely needs a second, too, to proceed the sentence he’s just heard with his own ears. But Cas nods at the chair at Dean’s legs and says:
“Yeah... yeah I’m fine”
Benny exhales again.
I can’t speak.
“Uh-huh” Castiel approves. He places his hands on Dean’s hips and strokes them lightly. “Right here”
Thoughts rambling in Dean’s mind, while Cas makes himself busy, licking into his exposed neck. Maybe they’ll end up turning it in into some kind of threesome fantasy? Maybe Cas will make Dean suck a dildo, pretending it’s Benny’s cock? He can do that. Knowing his husband, Dean is not surprised with this idea. Cas can be so very creative. And Dean is up to any shit Cas comes up with, because, hell, it’s always just… awesome.
Lids are heavy, it takes some time to actually open my eyes. Yes, this is the bunker, this is my room, my bed. This is Dean sitting next to me, his hand is on my shoulder, and he is crying. I don't fully understand yet what has happened, but my first instinct, as ever, is to protect him. I feel better now, I think I can move? I put my hand up to touch him by the elbow.
These words shouldn’t do things to Benny, but they do. He doesn’t care how he looks anymore, he’s not bothered what they will think… he closes his eyes and leans closer, as his hand moves underneath from Dean’s shoulder, running from ribs to chest, wet with sweat. To touch, to feel, to press their bodies together. His thrusts are out of rhythm now, frantic and needful. He hides his face between Dean’s shoulder blades, when he growls. He feels Dean’s hole clenching convulsively around his cock, as he comes.
Cas looks straight to his eyes. He grins.
Cas wants to see Benny fucks him. Cas wants Benny to fuck Dean. Please, let it be more than a guess.
This is exactly what he’s been doing, but hearing these words from Castiel’s mouth - it’s something else.
“You should tell him, don’t you think?”
Benny’s tongue moves in a different direction, its up and down now, then from side to side. Pressure and speed increases. This is amazing, and Dean’s hand moves to grab on his cock.
This is another one line to cross.
You are not cold, but you are sitting on a chair, constantly adjusting this stupid robe, wrapping yourself in it tighter. You weirdo.
I’m just here.
He roughly grabs Benny by the hair and pulls his face away from Dean’s ass. And the look on Benny’s face is priceless.
«Dean!»
Maybe, Dean isn’t just one, who is close. Castiel’s voice has turned raucous.
“Uh-huh…”
Then Dean slowly pulls back and looks at me.
“All day?” His pace increases gradually.
“Anything you want...” he whispers, when Cas releases his mouth, only to bite into his neck.
Cas just laughs at that. But he knows exactly what he’s doing, he has the answer.
“Sit”
“How about now?”
“Dean,” he asks. “Do yo want Benny to fuck you?”
Benny slides further, until the whole length is inside.
Now it’s time for divine move number two.
“Yeah, it was my pleasure as well!” He says, and Dean laughs now too.
Something wakes me up -  I hear a quiet knock on the door. I open my eyes to see it opens. Sam’s face shows in a doorway, he looks concerned, but then looks at the bed and smiles softly. He nods to me and closes the door. I turn my face to the other side to see at what he was smiling. Dean is lying on his side right next to me. In a dim light of night lamp, I see his cheek, pressed to my shoulder, and his arm on my chest.
“Do you like how Benny’s cock fills all of your mouth?”
Castiel is pleased, it has started very well.
Come back to me.
Benny looks at himself in the mirror, his face is wet with water.
“Fantastic” he says, grinning wide to the table surface, and Castiel smiles to that. Dean knows exactly WHAT just happened. Everything is fantastic, yeah. Just as Castiel has planned. He slides two fingers in.
It's something about the heat of your skin, that makes me feel belonged. Safe.
“If you want to go home, no one will stop you, Benny, it’s deliberately up to you.” Castiel starts, as his fingers run through Dean’s hair.
“A bit”
“If you think it’s a funny game, Benny, you are wrong and you should go right now.” His voice is quiet, smooth, barely audible, no sign of anger or annoyance, but it causes a nervous shiver to run through whole Benny’s body. “Is it a game to you, Benny?”
“Do you want me to stay? Considering… considering my last words?”
“But?” Castiel presses.
Hallway light is soft, and so is Deans hand on his shoulder. Benny’s tongue feels at place in Dean’s mouth, his lips feel safe against Dean’s lips. They taste as good, as Benny has imagined. This is the most delicate and breathtaking experience he’ve ever had. Kissing a man.
Castiel leans back on his left hand again, right one continues with what it has started. He’s not stroking, not jerking, not trying to get into Dean’s underwear or take it out. It’s an palpation, like he examines attentively.
"That was kind of rude," Cas says from the back, but when Dean catches his eyes in the rearview, he's smiling.
You're so full of shit."
. Yeah, except for
, and ducks just in time for the bullet to miss his head and hit the windshield.
Cas sighs, deflating, and Dean meets him halfway to take Cas' weight against his shoulder. He still looks upset and Dean hates it, wants more than anything to
for an hour or two. But the angel's always nearby, a split-second prayer away, and sometimes keeps him company without actually being there in the flesh, just the hint of a presence outside his line of sight. Dean's surprised how quickly he gets used to it, whether it's sharing the space in his head or on the couch or in his bed.
"Are you sure? Because they've got a
"Ain't gonna lie, it's crossed my mind."
, because someday he might be doing this with someone else and just the fleeting thought of that makes Dean want to shoot something.
Dean winces. "She
The abrupt change of topic is physically unbalancing, and Castiel reaches out to grasp the back of a chair. "Out looking for you."
"Keanu Reeves? Sandra Bullock?" Dean actually gapes at him. "All the shit Metatron uploaded into your head, and he didn't watch
He squats down in front of her, waits until her eyes open and glare at him. "Maybe you're right. Maybe there's nothing left of Dean to save," he admits, and sees Cas pause behind her, eyes darting away for the barest instant. He comes back with the blade, expression is carefully blank. Sam refuses to let himself react to Bela's cries. "But you're only useful to Crowley while he needs you for Dean — "
He isn't. Going to be fair, that is. But can definitely appreciate the view this time as Dean saunters into the ensuite bathroom, and has to clamp down on the instinctual urge to follow him, just to see if those old
He checks on Cas and, finding him comatose, wanders into the kitchen and sits at the table with an open beer. His eyes wander over a few discarded candy wrappers on the table, and he wonders when Dean was last in here. He's usually good about cleaning up after himself, treats the bunker more like a home than a base of operations, always keeping the sink clear and leaving the trash for Sam to take out on his morning runs. Sam supposes he'll have to remember to do that on his own, from now on.
"A living — "
"You pose a very interesting philosophical question," Cas comes back with. "But it's less of a universal rule and more of a holy proclamation. A principle laid down by our Father, when we first were ordered to descend to Earth to protect his creations." He shudders again. "You need to work quickly, Sam. I don't know how much longer I can hold him."
' are getting a jump start, and ours are about to start the switch."  He eyes Castiel, and lowers his voice. "We can put you guys in an empty suite if this is a little intense for you," he offers.
The first thing Dean sees when he kicks down the door is the woman plunge an angel blade deep into Castiel's chest. He doesn't even blink, grabs the first blade his fingers close around and goes for the kill, doesn't stop until he gets it.
It's true, Sam knows. Bela smirks at him, chained to her chair, her hair and shirt wet and sticking to her slick skin. It's still smoking from the holy water. They only got back two hours ago and Sam is so beyond exhausted he came out the other side into wired. Once Dean vanished in Miami, there was no reason to hang around — he could be anywhere with a thought, and didn't bother to look for the Impala, so their best chance of finding him is currently sitting in the middle of the old devil's trap carved into the floor.
"What're you —
Cas stands facing the opposite wall, a completely naked centerpiece to enormous black wings.
know, okay?"
Having an angel riding shotgun is no excuse for people to keep dying, or that's the reasoning Dean lays down on Sam when Sam tries to pawn off a local hunt.
sort of way. Sam can empathize. "Dean, I appreciate the offer, but I can't — "
"I don't require a firearm anymore," Castiel points out, but takes the gun anyway. This one is Dean's personal favorite, with the shiny engraved nickel coating and mother-of-pearl grips.
"You're angry."
, because Cas doesn't give a damn what genders or lack thereof Dean may or may not be interested in exploring. That and the fact that Cas has been watching over everything since the beginning of time and especially since the beginning of
and sighs. He does care about Cas, and is painfully aware that anyone with fucking eyes can see that, and can probably see that he cares way more than he should. That's the core of the goddamn
passes
Gabriel cocks an eyebrow. "You know how many people would kill for five minutes with this guy?"
Crowley has the best job in all of Creation.
She crumples to the floor in a heap when he lets her go, and someone behind him screams.
He sees the figure dash across the street, blurry in the low light, but she's clearing holding a weapon of some kind. There's a definite limp to her gait, but it doesn't appear to slow her down much. Castiel watches as she breaks the driver side window of a car parked on the street and wastes no time in getting inside. Seventy-five seconds later the car pulls away, wheels spinning momentarily before finding grip. There's no view of the rear and no license plate in the front.
Sam holds the question until he's got Cas in the center of the circle. The devil's trap embossed in the concrete floor is made of pure iron, and should be more than enough to hold him, but Sam isn't taking any chances.  "About that... how
"What," Cas says against his mouth.
Castiel stands across from him, ten feet away, wings spread full-sail against the gail. They're smaller from a distance, frayed and molted away in some places, feathers still charred from the fall, but stand tall. Cas isn't holding a weapon, but Sam supposes he doesn't need to — judging by the blue glow coming from his eyes, Cas has abandoned any pretext of trying to bring Dean in alive.
Castiel keeps his gaze and doesn't flinch under the touch. It's warm and solid under Dean's hand and he lets go quickly, doesn't wait for a response as he heads downstairs. Kevin's voice follows him into the kitchen with, "And has anyone bothered to check these fucking girls for a pulse?"
Cas stays where he is, hands braced against the stone floor, chest heaving. "Dean, please — "
Peace out, slut!
had to.
. You'll do whatever I want." Bela pauses to smirk when Jody casts a disgusted look over her shoulder, eyes wide and dark. "I'm going to cut off little pieces, one at a time, and hand-feed them to you until there's nothing left. D'you know how much of your own flesh I can carve off before you die?" Jody shudders, and Bela plows on with vicious twist to her lips. "I do. Your precious Dean taught me that. He taught me
She waves at the idiot still pinned to the wall, still shouting gibberish at them. Bela raises her gun, and squeezes off two rounds into his chest, and Dean lets the now-dead body fall. He feels a lot better — warmer, calmer — but since Bela scared off any chance of celebrating, Dean helps himself to a bottle from behind the counter before stepping over the bodies at his feet and taking a swig. He could wait around and have a little more fun, but police are armed, and he really doesn't fancy putting more holes in his body. And he's starting to run out of fresh clothes.
Sam leans under the seat, and gives her the sawed-off shotgun Castiel had been using when he was human. He no longer needs it. Krissy checks to make sure it is loaded with salt rounds. "There's extra shells in the glove box," Sam says, and then steps out into the street.
Let It Be (The Beatles), You Shook Me All Night Long (AC/DC), November Rain (Guns 'n Roses), Don't Stop Believin' (Journey), Bohemian Rhapsody (Queen)
," and he has to bite that last part off, groans as Cas arches his back and Dean almost blacks out. "Oh, fuck fuck fuck
Dean wanders into the kitchen while they're still putting things away. Cas is haunting his steps like a shadow, but nods acknowledgement when she greets him. Dean eyes the bowl on the table, the carton of milk, and the four different boxes of cereal on the table before looking at Sam and her in turn. "What’s this, an intervention?"
You can find me
New York glitters outside the penthouse windows, sharp metal edges blunted by a fresh layer of snow. It's quiet inside the apartment, but Castiel knows if they step outside on the balcony they'll be assaulted by a cacophony of car horns and idle chatter that make up the city's heartbeat.
Dean shrugs and tucks one hand into his pocket. "I never liked that little asshole."
"Beautiful, isn't it?"
"Yes."
Cas looks away and the wings curl in, a precursor to Cas stashing them back to wherever he hides them, but Dean reaches out to touch, stilling the movement. The feathers feel like warm satin under his fingers, smooth and soft and delicate. "You don't gotta," he starts, clears his throat, and tries again. "You don't have to hide them."
“Castiel.” Dean gave him a confused look. “My name.”
The first, wrapped neatly in some tissue paper, was a pair of blush pink satin panties. Dean had quickly double checked that his door was closed, his face turning a similar shade to the garment in his hands. The fabric was cool and smooth between his fingers. He bit his lip, contemplating before ultimately making his decision.
“And what might that be?”
Dean pulled against the weight on his wrist, trying to get free to touch himself since the ghost seemed to not be interested in that. “Come on,” he was willing to admit he was whining by this time. He hadn’t ever come without some kind of stimulation to his dick. It had already been hours and he was damn near crying with need.
“Nope.” The realtor looked ready to go, accepting that she wasn’t going to make a sale. Again.
Moved but didn’t make it.
That brought a laugh, Dean’s fixation on the necklace broken. “Oh, is this part of my inheritance? Are you trying to take advantage of a poor widow?”
Cas simply moved the fabric to the side, swallowing every gasp and groan as he pressed his fingers in. He waited until Dean was begging, pleading for him to fuck him.
And with his own eyes, he watched as his hand was moved away by nothing.
Dean was really tempted to break after spending several hours sliding pieces to no avail. Really meaning that he was about five more minutes away from smashing it against the wall. The skin on his thumbs had started to feel irritated from the constant swiping against the wood and he had to stop twice for eye drops from not blinking enough while focused. He was thanking his lucky stars that he was self-employed when he saw the sun starting to peek in through the window.
In seconds Dean was on his back. Cas settled between his legs, leaning forward and boxing him in. “Neither did I.” Cas trailed his lips down Dean’s neck. A hand reached down to push up the slip.
“May I?”
Buying a house during a pandemic hadn’t been on Dean’s list of plans for his life, but it was 2021 and things just be like that.
During a global pandemic. Great timing, right?
The garter the following day received similar treatment.
“I thought his chicken was dry.”
Cas dipped his chin to rest atop Dean’s head. “That’s fair. Good night, Dean.”
“What?”
The fifth night he finally got a note. Dean couldn’t quite focus on that immediately, however, due to what the note was attached to. A metal rack holding a single hanger. Upon that hanger was a dressing gown. Sheer with long sleeves, it reached the floor, the feather trim just brushing it. It looked like something a housewife whose rich husband just mysteriously disappeared would wear in a soap opera. And like all the others, that same blush pink.
“That’s fair.” He shrugged. “I’m Dean by the way.”
Dean shot out of bed, trying to locate where exactly the noise was coming from. He was out the door once and halfway down the hall by the time the sound had stopped. “Dammit.” He should probably try to ignore it. Stay in bed, not fuck with potential ghosts. But if that noise was going to come every hour, Dean wanted to know where it was coming from.
“Thank you.” He whispered against his lips. “I’ve been trapped for so long. Thank you.”
And then he heard the banging.
Dean had been staring at them through the display glass, lost in thought, when a sales clerk had asked if he’d wanted to see them. He was startled, having forgotten where he was for a moment. Right, the antique store Sam and Cas had dragged him to. He politely declined before walking away to find the others.
Giving his aching arms (and dick) a rest from their extended workout, Dean allowed the vibrator to be the sole provider of pleasure for a moment after a slight adjustment. The buzzing inside him, dancing lightly over his prostate, pulled a groan from his lips. He gripped his pillow with one hand while reaching down to press the button at the base again, testing to see if there were higher settings.
It sat on a silk-lined pillow inside the box. Dean looked around despite knowing he was the only person that lived there before tentatively picking it up. It was average length, a bit on the wider side but nothing extravagant. The bright blue at the tip turned to a purple for the base, blending into a vibrant pink on the fake sack on the end. A tag stuck out of the bottom and Dean turned the toy upside down to investigate further. A plastic tab was slotted inside a gap in the hardware, PULL ME written across the exposed part.
The rest could wait until morning.
He could think of worse ways to go.
Dean had been legitimately asking how many speeds. By his count, they’d reached eight. Was there a final setting? Was he going to be stuck in this bed for eternity with this ever-increasing in intensity vibrator inside him?
Dean wound his arms around Cas’ neck, his sleeves falling to his elbows. “Didn’t know you were into that kind of role play.”
Dean spun around, the feather trim swooshing across the floor. His shoulders relaxed and he sighed. “Hey, Cas.”
The sixth night, after Sam went to bed, Dean took a long shower. He lathered with the gel that he’d found in there, another gift, that smelled like a warm honeyed coconut. It was soothing, the scent embracing him as though it were a hug.
The buzzing stopped and the weight removed from his wrists.
He wasn’t complaining though.
He turned to his side, mirroring Dean. “You try being stuck inside a sex toy for a couple of years and still see if you find it funny.”
Sitting on velvet lining inside was the pearls.
“Makes sense.”
He eyed the box, looking over the intricate carving that covered it. His brow twitched when he realized the carvings were made up of small rectangular sections. One of which was empty, the duller flat wall of the box exposed. A puzzle. With his thumb, he lightly jimmied one of the pieces and was surprised to find it moved easily. Sliding it back into its original position, Dean stood and took the box back to his room.
“Oh… Hi, Cas.”
She looked tired. “Yes. The previous owners complained of… noises. They say it’s ghosts. There’s an article in the local paper and everything.”
It picked up to a steady rhythm, turning up the settings when Dean started getting impatient and bucking his hips down. Loud cries poured from his lips as the toy started moving faster. “Fuuuuck, how many do you have?” The weight on his wrists seemed to shake in response. “Are you-” he cut himself off with a moan, “laughing at me?”
“Another thing? You’re spoiling me, you know.” Dean followed Cas over to the bed, the gown sliding a bit down his shoulders when he sat.
Once he remembered how to breathe, Dean noticed the bit of paper attached to the hanger. He plucked it off and smiled to himself as he read it.
“Care to elaborate there?”
Dean’s eyes moved back up, processing the question. “Yeah,” he breathed. He shifted closer, allowing Cas to place the pearls around his neck.
Dean leaned into his touch and nodded. “Of course I do.”
“You just fucked my brains out, I ain’t sayin’ all those letters.”
“You more than helped.” The man carefully pulled out, letting go of his wrists, the vibrator having been replaced with an actually attached appendage. The toy itself still existed, laying on the bed between them. He flopped down next to Dean with a sigh.
It wasn’t terribly loud. The clock struck midnight and three steady bangs echoed through the house.
It started with the pearls.
The realtor, her name escaping him, sighed. The chipper smile falling from her lips. “There’s nothing wrong per se.”
Dean bit his lip to hold back a whine. “That’s not an answer, that’s just rude.”
He left the box on his dresser, the lid still not pushed in all the way.
“Holy shit, you’re hot.”
Cas chuckled. “Okay”
Cas raised an eyebrow at him. “You want me to stay?”
Dean took a moment to process what he was holding. Eventually, all he could settle on was, “Why’s a new vibrator, that isn’t mine, in my house?” The silicone was unable to provide an answer. He stared at it, almost trying to will it to talk so that he’d get some kind of explanation, never mind that a talking vibrator would be an even worse mental process than one that is just a surprise. Huffing when he finally accepted the silence, Dean placed the toy back on the silk pillow and slid the topmost of the way into place. He stopped before pushing all the way, wondering if doing so would cause the box to lock. “So what if it does?” If it locked he’d have to figure out how to get it open again.
Dean couldn’t help but smile. “Glad I could help.”
Cas decided to wait another few minutes, only relenting when he managed to draw out a broken whine. Cas leaned back and dragged Dean up into his lap. Stocking clad legs wrapped around him. Cas pushed open his robe and slicked himself up quickly, not wanting to keep Dean waiting much longer. He rocked his hips forward, sinking in.
That still didn’t prepare him for what he found under the tissue paper. A slip dress, loose, simple, and, of course, satin.
So when the realtor had shown him the skinny grey house on the corner by the woods, the nearest neighbors just within shouting distance. No major issues with the foundation, septic, roof, or heating, just needed some updates and routine fixes. Well under market value and just the right price for the remainder of the insurance policy John had somehow managed to remember to keep paying. He may be a younger buyer, but Dean wasn’t stupid, so at the end of the tour he’d cut off the spiel being fed to him. “So what’s wrong with it?”
“Then shut yer yap and go to sleep. We can figure shit out later.”
By himself.
Dean furrowed his brow and scrunched up his nose. “What the fuck did you do to get trapped in a vibrator of all things?”
Dean bit his lips to hold back his laughter. It didn’t work very well. The glare he received didn’t help either. “I’m sorry, but that is funny.”
For the last time, the setting was turned up.
Dean looked around at the high ceilings and cherry wood staircases, deep in thought. The sound of the realtor clearing her throat prompted his quick response. “I’ll take it.”
Then and only then did the vibrations increase.
When he was told the place was haunted he didn’t think that the ghost wanted to haunt his ass, too. Shaking the shock from his head, Dean found his voice again. “What the fuck,” he yelled. The toy setting was turned up again, pulling a long moan from him. Panting and shaking, he managed to get out, “You know it’s polite to ask first before fucking someone.”
It scared the shit out of him.
And then the gifts started showing up.
The man snorted. “Someone that angered a witch with a terrible sense of humor.”
It took a few days before Dean couldn’t keep his eyes off the box atop his dresser. The toy nestled on silk silently teasing him, making him ache with curiosity. It wasn’t like he was unfamiliar with the pleasures that could be achieved via anal stimulation. He’s been fucked six ways from Sunday more times than he could count.
He’s nearly forgotten the realtor’s warning of the house being haunted. Move-in day went smoothly, not having much to bring from the old apartment. Dean was able to get his bedroom set up before sundown. After a dinner consisting of Chinese take-out and a couple of beers, he decided to call it a night. He settled into bed, surrounded by boxes and smiled to himself. He had a house. His own house. Paid in full so all he’d have to worry about was property taxes. It was a dream come true. Planning out renovations in his head, Dean fell into a calm slumber.
It took until a night where he was up until three a.m., three fingers deep and a desperate hand stroking himself, for his resolve to break. After another coil tightened to then fade just as he was about to tip over, Dean let out a frustrated grunt that was definitely not a whine. He grabbed the toy, a bottle of cleaner, and headed straight into the bathroom.
“Cas?”
“Do you wanna go?”
He’d always been good with taking things apart and putting them back together. All he needed was his hands and his eyes and he could fix almost anything. Or break then fix, which was usually the case.
“If you don’t like the hen, maybe you’d prefer cock.” He was understandably bitter.
An unseen force pushed Dean’s hand away. His eyes shot open to see absolutely nothing. Nada. Empty air. The only sounds to be heard were the buzzing from the toy and his own breathing. He reached for himself again.
Next came the stockings. The same tissue paper. The same blush pink. The same feel of smooth fabric.
Dean hesitated though on the fourth day. While he had been stuffing the presents in his dresser, he’d started to become curious about what he’d find each night.
Scratch that, actually crying.
“You deserve spoiling every now and then.” Cas set the box between them. He reached over, grabbing Dean’s wrist with one hand and placing the other on the side of his neck. The kiss was soft, chaste, and over too quickly. “Do you like them?”
