All he’d wanted was to chase that steady, surefooted feeling, like he had some control over something.
“Are you sure you’re okay Cas?” Dean asked cautiously. Cas nodded and gave him a brave smile, then started walking, crunching on as many failed leaves as possible. Soon the path opened into a small clearing with a well maintained cemetery. There weren’t many headstones, but Dean’s gaze was immediately drawn to the large swirled marble one under a huge oak.
Cas’s stomach swooped in a way it never had before. He didn’t even know it was possible to feel such things for someone unless they were your soulmate. This dude was literally a random
Cas was being unbelievable. He was the perfect picture of calm, sitting there, all blue eyes and sex hair and diligently copying down a note every once in a while. Dean was sure his blush probably went all the way down. He felt hot. If this went on much longer he’d have to drag Cas out of here and find an empty room to rip all his clothes off and just ravage him.
Cas swallowed. Stood. Brushed the dirt and rocks from his jeans, ignoring the groaning protests of his muscles. A fresh spurt of blood burst from his nose. He pressed the heel of his hand to it.
A scant few minutes into the test, Dean flipped his test closed and scraped his chair back as he stood. Cas watched as he walked to the front and dropped his test unceremoniously on the teachers desk. When he turned to leave, though,she stopped him with a light touch to his elbow.
He, Bal, Hannah, and Charlie had an epic night of pizza and Mario Kart planned, and he was itching to get to Charlie’s and let loose a little. Not that he was uptight at home, but he missed his friends. It was weird to go an entire day without seeing at least one of them.
Castiel sat on the couch, content to just hold Dean and watch him breathe as the sun slipped across the sky. He would do anything to pause this moment and keep Dean with him, safely draped over his legs.
Dean circled closer and wrapped Cas up in a hug. “I sure hope not, it would be a devastating loss.” He meant to sound a little sexy, but the mask did ridiculous things to his voice, so he pulled it off and kissed the laugh from Cas’s mouth in one smooth movement.
He heaved and barely made it to the bathroom before he emptied the contents of his stomach in the toilet. He gripped the cool porcelain as he continued to heave long after there was nothing left to come up.
His hand settled, warm and light against Dean’s chest. Cas could feel the muscles under Dean’s thin shirt, tense and feverishly hot. His hand rested there for a whole second before Dean moved back and Cas let it drop.
On his next run down the field, Benny briefly caught Dean’s gaze. His eyes looked exhausted but he was grinning like a madman.
Cas clearly liked the praise though because be dropped his backpack to the ground and enveloped Dean in a bear hug, hoodie and all. Dean cradled him close and inhaled the scent of his detergent, distinctly different from the one he used but incredibly intoxicating nonetheless.
“Am I what,” Dean answered slowly, wishing the conversation would turn anywhere but here. He wasn’t ready to think about this more. He wasn’t ready to face the twisting in his stomach when he remembered how horribly he had spoken to Cas. Wasn’t ready to find out where Sams stood on the whole
world? Where danger was a guarantee, instability was a given, and attachments were an all around shit idea?
“It’s really pretty easy, once you get the hang of it. Look.” Castiel reached over and drew a number line on Dean’s page. He plotted two points, one at -5, the other at 6, then drew lines extending from those numbers towards the edge of the page, leaving a gap in between them.
John’s demeanour flipped back to content once Dean yielded. “Sure. They originated in India. Can mimic the voices of people we love, will probably try that to lure us into traps actually so be careful. Other than that...aim for the back of the neck. They have a weak spot there.”
been here?” Cas asked, suddenly too weak to stand anymore. He slumped down agains the thick mesh of his cage.
“Alright gather round,” Dean’s voice boomed over the noise. The team fell silent just in time to hear a loud pounding knock on the door.
“I am very sorry to have to ask you this, I am aware that a human may find this unappealing, but I need help oiling my feathers. They are very dry and itchy and I cannot reach behind me.”
His mind was swirling with questions, but the state seemed to be a new norm whenever he was around Dean. Cas wondered vaguely if he should have taken a few therapy courses at the local university while he had had the chance.
On a completely different note, the job switch has been interesting. I can't remember if I said anything about it already but I'm working as a prison nurse now, which has been
respect. Dean didn’t have any guidance on this one, because he’d never been in that situation either.
“What is the purpose of a bath?” Cas asked innocently. Dean snorted. This dude had the most random questions.
“That sounds…interesting” Dean said, trying to remain neutral. In truth it sounded disgusting, but he was too hungry to complain.
Dammit, he totally forgot about his gym shift today. He looked back to where Cas was sprawled over the rest of the bed, still sleeping deeply. For a wild moment, he debated calling in sick and laying in bed all morning with that glorious body, but the thought of his bottomed out bank account got the best of him and he dragged himself upright.
He towelled dry in the bathroom, probably a little rougher than strictly necessary, and firmly told himself to stop being dramatic and just act normal. There was absolutely no reason for him to be tense and anxious right now.
“I’ll see you at 1 then,” Dean smiled, trying to sound suave and definitely not at all flustered or overeager.
“No. For Crocotta. I got a tip about one that’s holed up in a warehouse next town over. It’s been picking off the locals. You interested?”
“Really?” Cas asked, eyes lighting up adorably. He tore into the bag like a kid on Christmas and pulled out the jar, wrapped carefully in more brown paper. Slowly, he unstuck the tape and pulled out the large glass contraption.
“Just a couple more questions and I’ll be out of your hair,” Cas blabbered on. The Shtriga crossed his arms and tapped his foot, and Castiel’s mind was gloriously blank. It had only been a couple minutes, but he hoped with all he was that Dean and Sam had managed to smuggle the children out by now. He couldn’t stall much longer.
“Get away from me. You’re sick,” James spewed. Cas heard the distinct sound of spit flying, then the wet thwack of a blow, the hollow sound of suddenly empty lungs.
“Hey,” Cas said softly. “I’m nervous too.” It was so plain. So simply said that the words blew right through Dean. Wiped away any fears he may have had over whatever this was that was growing between them.
“Sure.” His voice sounded hollow and empty and whatever lust Cas had felt for the man as he walked through the door slipped away at that tone. This man did not need a quick fuck, what he needed was a good long hug. Possibly also a friend.
“Cas that was unbelievable. He’s so good..” Dean said, leaning backwards against the wooden railing.
Cas squinted at him, more than confused, then followed his gaze to an old black car that had screeched to a halt on the road beside them. A man thundered out of it, slamming the door with reckless abandon. Cas had opened his mouth again to ask what was going on, but none of the words made it out because Dean shoved his way in front of him.
Dean turned his head, prepared to give his best glare, but was taken aback slightly at the sight of Charlie. She had curled her long red hair and must have done her makeup a little more heavily because her eyes were much more defined.
“My brother wouldn’t shut up about leaving for college when he got older. Dad threw a fit and I got in the way and he was already drunk before the whole thing started so it didn’t end too well. He pushed me outside and said not to come back.”
Dean looked around his apartment, suddenly nervous. It was clean, mostly because he didn’t have many things to make it look messy. He briefly wondered if he should light a candle, but quickly dismissed the idea, mainly because he didn’t have a candle to light but also because this wasn’t a date. This was two guys hanging out and maybe getting to know one another better because they would be working together all semester on a very large project.
He looked relieved, maybe because Cas was there, or maybe because both the angel and his brother were still fully clothed and casually discussing how the last hunt went.
“Yeah actually. I had two brothers. Have? One of them, Sam, is finishing high school this year. Adam was killed in a car crash with both my parents five years ago.”
Cas tipped the pot over the sink and left just a tiny bit of the rapidly cooling water in with the threaded needle. Dean reached in and pulled it out.
Dean went weak at that. How on earth could he possibly be expected to maintain control over his body when Cas’s words were like liquid
“He hates me. He wants nothing to do with me. He said-” Cas swallowed, his throat suddenly gluey, tongue thick. “He said if I ever talk to him again he’ll beat me up.”
“After you,” Dean said in a mockingly formal voice. He swung a hand in a grand gesture at the tub. Cas took his hand and stepped into the water, then sunk down and leaned against one side.
When Cas was satisfied with the water, he squirted the entirety of one of the hotel shampoo samples into it, then laid two towels on the counter, ready to go.
Cas quirked an eyebrow at how precise Dean was being and wondered vaguely if this was some elaborate joke. Maybe another one of his monster stories.
Outwardly, he no longer burst into tears like he did when he was little, but his heart felt blended up just the same. He thumbed roughly at the tattoo that had bloomed just a little bit wider under his eye, but no matter what he did, how he touched it, he knew he wouldn’t be able to erase it.
Maybe it was the hurt already flooding through him from hearing Dean deny him so thoroughly, or maybe he had a death wish, but Cas stuck out his chin. “His soulmate.”
“That sounds like a plan. I’d hate to get pranked for being late to the haunted house,” Benny admitted.
Cas looked at him closer, frowning at the half moon bruises under Dean’s dull green eyes. He seemed to be guarding every part of himself. His arm, his ribs, his hands. So, rather than move forward to touch him again, Cas took a step back.
‘Dean you don’t understand. Touching an angel’s wings is not something to be taken lightly, its a very intimate thing, done by only those closest to the angel.” Cas’s face was uncharacteristically expressive. He looked torn between a desperation to get Dean to understand, and a deep desire to evaporate out of the room. If he wasn’t in so much pain, he probably would have snapped out of there a long time ago.
“Alright, get out of here,” Gabriel said, flinging a hand defeatedly towards the pool. He had barely finished his sentence before all three kids leapt out of their chairs and ran towards the water, cannonballing in with three great splashes.
Benny and Dean had just sat down on a piece of driftwood when Charlie leaned over from behind them both.
“Ah what a lovely surprise. Two Winchesters instead of one. I’ve gotta say I’ve been tracking you boys for a very long time, but I never expected this to be so easy,” Jonathan laughed.
It took a horribly long minute to spot Gabriel, draped as he was in women. Also, the lighting in the club wasn’t great. Also people kept bumping into him. He also had to dodge two strippers on his hunt for his friend.
“Aw knock it off,” Dean answered, heart fluttering when Cas reached over and laced their fingers together.
Cas spent what felt like a blissful eternity working the tension out, and when he finally sat back and let his hands drop into his lap, Dean felt like an overcooked noodle, completely unwilling to move ever again.
“I’ve gotta get home. I have classes and photo shoots back to back all day tomorrow and I need to prepare some things.”
“Yeah, like you don’t face those risks every time you go out?” Cas screamed, properly frustrated now.
Castiel raised his hand and placed two fingers gently on Dean’s forehead. He saw clearly then what was torturing Dean as twisted visions of Hell washed over him.
Coach Mills joined them and at some point, a large trophy was passed onto the field. The boys gripped it, holding it high and letting it float among themselves so each could touch it. Dean forgot all about his screaming muscles and lungs and basked in the glory of a flawless season.
Dean loved him and they would figure it out together. He felt like he could fly around the earth a couple times. Around the entire solar system.
Sam gritted his teeth and gave directions, which Dean followed with more steering wheel jerks than were necessary. He was impossible to deal with when he was worried.
Cas took the paper back, letting his fingers brush against Dean’s for a second too long. The fluttering in his chest and his complete inability to abstain from stealing glances at Cas made the rest of the lecture a hazy memory.
The thought of all the little nicks and scrapes vanishing from his skin pushed Castiel up and back into the bathroom.
“Hunters,” The doctor snarled. His composed exterior cracked, and Cas watched, horrified, as his face morphed into something less than human.
After the last dare she gave me?” Balthazar shuddered. “I don’t think I’ll ever look at a grape the same way again.”
“Yeah?” he responded sassily, already bristling for a lecture. Maybe she would kick him out of class and he wouldn’t have to sit here anymore, getting the cold shoulder from Cas. He had only himself to blame, but still, it was unbearable. God, he was so fucking
Dean shrunched down in his chair, feeling dumb. That wasn’t exactly  unusual for him, especially while in school. He couldn’t help but think of how much Sam would love learning about this. How easily the kid would pick up the concept and run with it. Dean just wasn’t smart like his brother was, and he was beginning to think it was too late for him to learn.
with his black jeans and long sleeve. Dean scrambled into it and sealed the velcro, then proceeded to run a quick circle around the attic, making the cape billow out behind him. He flapped his arms. The cape rustled.
The following is, again, a long and angsty chapter that I hope you will enjoy, and I hope I’m slightly less delirious in the next few days and can write another one for you. Love you all, please keep far away from this virus situation because it literally knocks you on your ass and it’s hard as heck to get back up.
“Sorry son, but there’s no way we’re taking this dead loss with us. Don’t think I don’t notice how you come scampering back to him every chance you get. I won’t lug around a liability if I don’t have to.”
“I hope you don’t mind, I went ahead and ordered the usual,” Benny said, sitting down across from Dean once more.
Dean however, looked frozen in place. For a moment he sat so still it didn’t even look like he was breathing, but then he stood and walked silently to the fridge.
“Shut up or I’ll gut you,” growled a voice that was much too close for Cas’s liking. He tried to shift his weight onto his feet but he was strung up too high. The chains rattled loudly and his heart leapt straight into his throat.
Dean was silent, watching the faint outline of Cas moving. He shifted things around, poured liquids, and did something with the large machine beside Dean. He was mesmerizing to watch. Or to
“See you,” Dean waved back. He made his way to his lecture hall and pulled out a notebook. For the next two hours, he diligently took notes. It was an interesting class, probably one of Dean’s favourites, but by the time it was over, he was mentally exhausted and physically jittery. He grabbed a chicken sandwich from the cafeteria and ate it on his way to the change rooms.
Dean noticed that her camera strap was patterned with alternating lightning bolts and round glasses. A Potterhead then. He liked her a little bit more already.
different,” Cas agreed easily, not one bit upset by Dean’s curtness. “Parents died when I was really little, so my aunt Amara took Gabe and I in. She still swings by sometimes, but she likes to travel. And anyways, Gabe is kind of a party animal, and they clash.”
John clearly felt guilty about the serious pummeling they had all taken. He piled both boys into the car and declared a road trip vacation to go visit Bobby. Sam had been over the moon, and so had Dean, but he was not so easily fooled. He knew there was a high chance his dad would find a hunt on the way and take a detour, which would turn into another detour, then another, and they would never make it to some time off. They never did.
Dean swung off the bench and Sam followed him to join the short lineup for ice cream. Sam ordered two twisted cones then handed over the tickets. Dean accepted both of the ice creams with a nod and passed one over to Sam.
Dean squinted at him and inspected his hands, but nothing appeared to be burnt. “Alright, go shower then.”
If you must thank anyone for this chapter’s existence, thank casuallyneurotic. They morphed from beta to co-author to rescue this mess. Seriously. Before they came along, these words were a chapter in the same way dust is a body.
Cas had been human for nearly a month now. At first, he thought things might change between them. He had hoped.
“Well, yeah,” Cas said, giving him a weird look. “If you do it with the lights on then all the photos turn out white.”
“No, that’s not appropriate. It violates all patient confi-“ He cut off abruptly. The door to the room he was about to enter was already cracked open, and the doctor blanched at the sight.
,” he accused. He picked it up off the floor and held it mournfully in his hands for a moment before smirking and whipping it back. Cas leaned easily out of the way and it sailed past him.
When they were done, Cas surprised Dean by tugging on a pair of his sweatpants before crawling into the bed. He looked so different without his usual suit, more vulnerable, touchable.
They did indeed hit a dead end, but Cas didn’t linger, just swivelled right back around and chose the opposite fork.
“Umm. No. Its the exact opposite actually.” Dean sat down beside Cas on the bed and turned to face him. He focused on calming his erratic heart, which went wild so close to Cas.
Cas sighed heavily, knowing there was nothing he could do but try to calm himself down and wait. He would meet them eventually; no amount of raging, crying, desperately hoping, or searching would make the day come any faster. He would know - he had tried
If you're feeling gross or down, or even just want to say hi, please come talk to me on Instagram (oneofawall) or Tumblr (hesitatedisintegrate). Don't suffer through anything alone, don't you dare.
“You’ve done plenty,” Dean immediately answered with a hollow laugh. He straightened his t shirt and ran his fingers through his hair. “He made me promise not to look for him,” Dean admitted. The words sounded thick and painful.
Cas brushed his thumb achingly slow across Dean’s face and the dull throb vanished. Dean inhaled. Now or never.
“Right. That’s exactly what you said last time and then I finally convinced you and it was so good you cried.”
“See? The inequality is strict, so the solution has to be a set of values where the polynomial (x+5)(x-6) is positive. If you solve for an equality to 0, the roots are -5 and 6.”
Cas nodded and smiled around a forkful of fruit. From somewhere in the house, a clock struck 9 and the gentle toll of its bell brought Dean back to reality. Tonight would be a dream come true but before then there was work to be done.
Charlie smiled, set some cash down on the counter, and picked up the cup the teen had prepared for her. Dean watched the exchange with a small smile. It was weird to think people had their own totally separate lives; Charlie had her own routine down so solidly that she no longer had to order, the staff knew her already.
Several hours later, Cas shifted in bed, and his heart froze in his throat when his hand glided easily across the cold, empty sheets. He bolted upright.
Sam clapped a hand over his shoulder and gave him a meaningful look. “Call if you’re suddenly not.” He left the room, closing the door behind him, and suddenly Dean was alone with Cas. He inhaled, preparing for a long apology when Cas crushed him in a tight hug instead.
The second half began with Hester sending the ball sailing straight for Dean. He caught it with the side of his foot and ran with it towards the goalposts. He searched the field for openings, mapping where his team was and where his opponents were and which play he could use. He saw the perfect opportunity and prepared to kick the ball to Richard, when a blur of red slammed into him from the side.
Coach Mills nodded to the driver, who shut the doors and began easing his way out of the crowded lot. The drive to the hotel wasn’t long, ten minutes at best, but it felt even shorter with the rowdy conversations bouncing around. The feeling of victory was sweet, especially since they fought so hard for it.
Cas watched him gasp for breath. His chest seemed to be moving unevenly, and Cas didn’t really know what to do with that information. He felt like he was in a war zone; Dean was giving off wave after wave of adrenaline and anxiety.
Full disclaimer: idk what I’m doing. I didn’t intend to write more than one chapter, but some of you have asked for more in the comments and I’m a complete sucker for wish fulfilment. That being said, I honestly have no idea if I will be writing more, no idea where I would go with this if I were to continue, and also no idea if you as readers want more of this story. Soooooo Prompts? Ideas for meeting situations? Was there a line in here that you liked? Whatever it is I’m all ears.
Castiel gently shut his textbook and dropped the newly dulled pencil onto his notebook. He leaned back in the kitchen chair, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes to stop the numbers from floating around. Calculus was a literal bitch.
“Yeah. Actually I think it makes bubbles,” He answered, wringing the cloth out. He left the lights on and perched beside Dean on the bed. Gently; more gently than any man of his size had a right to be, he wiped Dean off.
The man on stage was not large, but his presence held the room and his command of the piano was complete. A sweet and dainty melody began to flow, so fragile and delicate that it made Dean want to capture it and keep it safe. Michael swayed with the music and in time, it grew and changed and gathered harmonies, some building up the sound and some seeming to compete for attention.
Through some long forgotten instinct, he had enough presence of mind to cross his arms and put pressure on his wrists, but the bleeding was already slowing. Cas tried not to look down, the sight of his mangled skin was nauseating.
“Hey guys!” She stepped over the log and sat down, sandwiched between them. “Thanks so much for the invite! I got a ton of great interview material.”
“That’s different,” Dean said, words that slipped out before he realized how judgemental they sounded. Before he could control his unruly mind and bite them back.
There wasn’t much else left to do now except to face reality. Dean took a deep breath and reached out to open his door when it swung outwards, revealing both Cas and Sam.
Maybe it was the empty feeling in his chest, maybe it was because Cas was still standing there nearly goddamned naked, but Dean said the words he never thought he would find the courage to say. Not in this lifetime, nor the next.
“Leave him alone Gabriel,” said an unamused Cas from the doorway. He rolled his eyes at his brother and filled a plate with fruit before sitting down beside Dean.
The next moments were messy, maybe somewhat frantic. Dean licked into Cas’s open mouth, completely dominating it. One of Cas’s hands grazed across the naked expanse of his back and came to rest on his ass, squeezing the muscle. The other fumbled for the lube and there was the quiet click of the cap being flicked open.
“It was great! I learned about logarithms,” Sam said around a mouthful of pasta. He had a long stripe of sauce down his chin and Dean silently handed him a tissue from the box on the table.
Dean’s second class dragged on and on for what seemed like forever. When the professor finally dismissed them, he practically bolted out of the room, pulling out his phone as he went.
They washed the dishes like a well oiled machine. Dean soaped them up in warm water and rinsed them off, then handed them to Cas, who dried them and put them away.
He slid his phone into his back pocked and grabbed his wallet and keys on the way out. The walk downtown was short, maybe 20 minutes at most if he really lingered. He got to the pizza place and joined the team members hanging outside the doors in a loose group. Gordon swung an arm over his shoulders.
“Come back to bed,” Cas suggested softly, putting a hand on Dean’s back and guiding him upstairs. He stopped in the hallway and tipped his head towards his own room questioningly.
“You’ll come and go. When you finish a hunt, when you need a break, when you can afford to take some time off, you’ll come here. Home. And I’ll be waiting.”
Cas, the cheeky little thing, planted a warm open kiss under Dean’s jaw, and just like that all the tension bled out of him. Any anxiety that had been floating through him earlier evaporated and he turned to
“What was that thing?” Cas asked, trying to make some conversation to distract Dean from the needle he was expertly plunging into his own skin.
“It appears I am trapped” Cas gritted out. If it weren’t for the blooming bruises and Cas’ shallow breathing, Dean may have found the situation funny.
Balthazar was already up and still laughing. When Hannah came up with a triumphant smirk three seconds later, the three took off, arms windmilling and legs kicking wildly to get them to the other end of the pool.
Dean washed the last bowl and dried his hands on a towel, then tossed it onto his shoulder and turned, leaning against the counter to study Cas.
The boys stopped by the pizza table before walking towards the net. Dean stacked two meat lovers slices on top of each other and took a massive bite from both pizzas at once, earning a disgusted look from Benny.
He exhaled slowly and tried hard not to think about the last few hours. It was so stupid of him to have gone off after that teeny female vamp when he’d seen her run off. He remembers vaguely that she had bitten him. He remembers attacking Castiel and he remembers being hungry to the point of pain.
Once the tub was full, Dean stripped off his clothes and sunk into the heat with a groan. The men of letters weren’t big into interior design, but they sure knew how to make a bathtub. It was deep enough that the water covered his shoulders, long enough that he could stretch out his legs with room, and wide enough that he had to reach his arms out almost all the way before he touched the sides of the tub.
That’s how he found himself at one of the few empty tables in the library, notebook and textbook open, and crunching on some baby carrots as he waited anxiously for Dean. Half the bag had been demolished before he realized how quickly he was gnawing through them.
“Bright and early,” Dean answered. Cas smiled and gave him a curt wave, pulling the door closed behind him.
“Hey Sammy, what’s cooking?” Dean’s tone was too light, too casual. His eyes scanned his bother up and down, then spared a brief glance at his grandfather, who was side eyeing Cas.
As if to prove his point, Cas reached behind himself to try and comb through the backs of his wings. His fingers scrabbled around pathetically, barely coming in contact with the dry new feathers.
“Dean... who is that?” Bobby asked slowly, as if he was afraid of the answer. Beneath him, Castiel stirred and Dean felt the exact moment he woke because he stiffened, then bolted straight up, knocking Dean back into the cushions.
The glass patio table was heavy with pink lemonade, a huge platter of sliced watermelon, rind off, and all the fixings for the burgers Gabriel was currently grilling.
“Let’s go home,” he said, low, rough. Cas’s stomach swooped and he was suddenly glad he wouldn’t be the one driving because his muscles felt like jelly.
The thought of actual bruises and wounds on Dean’s skin made his stomach roll. He had always thought it would be easier, once he knew who his soulmate was. But it turned out that knowing and
“OW,” Dean hissed as his ribs jolted, sharp pains pricking and knocking the breath right out of him.
When the bell over the door rang again, Dean turned to see Cas walk in. He was wearing a chunky grey sweater that nearly swallowed him whole and Dean melted at the sight. Slung around his neck was his camera, and clutched tightly to his chest was his laptop.
“It’s…been a couple weeks since I’ve slept through the night.” Dean admitted. And that right there was enough of a revelation to have Cas floored. Weeks? That was completely unacceptable. Cas knew that Dean was the self proclaimed protecter of humanity against all things unnatural, but dammit, someone should have been there to make sure the man was taking care of himself too.
“Lets go eat,” Cas said cheekily, giving Dean a quick peck on the nose before removing himself from his arms. He jogged back to the blanket without waiting for a response and Dean chuckled to himself before following.
Dean slid in beside the angel and was immediately pulled close to his chest, head resting over his heart.
The floor was so rotted that it creaked under his feet, even though he was usually pretty good at walking silently. Other than the weak light from the grimy windows, it was difficult to see much in the dimness.
“Starving,” Cas said immediately, swimming over to the ladder. He gripped the cool metal and pulled himself out, then ran straight to the table, trusting that Balthazar and Hannah were right behind him, which they were.
Castiel worked his way down, and once he ran out of back, he picked up an arm, pulling the tension first out of the bicep area, then working on the forearm, then the hand and each individual finger. He gave Dean a nudge, prompting him to turn over onto his back so he could reach his other arm.
Gabriel kneeled in front of his little brother again and opened his arms wide. Castiel rushed forwards, letting himself be completely enveloped in his arms. Gabriel smelled like smoke and sunscreen, and that didn’t make Cas feel one bit better.
compared to his old one, and despite having lived in the same small town his entire life, he barely recognized anyone.
“That shouldn’t be a problem,” Cas said with a slightly sheepish look. “Gabriel has a whole closet full.”
On another note, the idea to include soulless Sam and Samuel in this chapter came from TwistedAzara and Why_do_you_want_to_know. I’m so very thankful to all of you who have been supporting this fic with prompts. Without your love and brilliant minds it would have been nothing more than a single chapter. You guys are the wind beneath my wings. The ink in my pen. The battery to my laptop.
Dean took another angry pull from the beer and thought hard about what he could possibly do to fix his angel. This was definitely not the first sleepless night spent trying to figure out what was wrong. He had pored over every book in the bunker library that even mentioned angels, but despite a weak theory on missing grace causing angel sickness, he came up with nothing. Besides, Cas had just gotten his grace back..there was no reason for it to be the issue.
The first man, the one that had knocked Cas out in the parking lot, dropped a teeny bound girl into the open cage right next to Cas. Her eyes were wide in shock, her hair hung limp in her face and stuck to her forehead with sweat.
“Not that I spent all my time playing dress up. I also read a lot of stuff. Which probably doesn’t make me seem any more interesting. I swear I had friends growing up and I —“
"I'm not," Dean replied. Easily. Truthfully. Cas’s long exhale ruffled his hair. Dean let a palm rest, warm and open, over Castiel’s heart, and Cas reached over and laid his own hand somewhere over Dean’s wrist.
The walk to campus wasn’t long, fifteen minutes at most if he took his time, but he never took his time. The apartment was in a fairly seedy part of the city, and although Dean wasn’t outright scared to be there, he wasn’t entirely at ease, what with the faceless eyes trailing him from the alleys and the broken glass and cigarette butts crunching under his shoes.
“Hell no, we’re half an hour out tops. I ain’t stopping to switch,” John answered immediately. Dean was grateful for that, because he honestly didn’t trust himself to keep the car on the road. Not with his pulsing vision and pounding headache.
Once Dean finished with the first wing, he worked his way in from the second wing as well, lost in thought.
Cas nodded, trying to show support even though he didn’t really understand the whole soul-no soul business. Dean pulled the now properly toasted buns out of the oven and assembled the burgers. He laid them neatly on two plates and piled fries all around them before taking them over to the table.
If Dean hadn’t been looking so intently at the angel’s face, he definitely would have missed the slight blush that swept across his cheeks.
This is set the night before Dean was dragged into hell. It’s not cannon compliant, not even if you squint, but bear with me. Also, minimally edited but what are you gonna do about it? (I’m kidding, please point out my mistakes <3)
“I guess we’d better go?” Dean suggested. Castiel slid off of him reluctantly and tugged him up, but pulled too hard, making Dean fling forwards straight into his chest.
John’s boot stomps made the walls rattle as he stalked to the front door and wretched it open. He walked out without bothering to either close it, or to look back. Dean and Sam followed behind him like tied, helium filled balloons. Dean watched as his dad tore open the car door. He had barely slammed it shut before the engine was on and he was peeling out of the driveway, tires kicking up dust.
“Home sweet home,” Cas said with a wide smile, shutting the door behind them. Dean jumped at the sound of the firm click and Cas felt his heart crack a little. Wherever Dean had been through these past few months, it was clearly traumatizing.
Bobby rummaged under the sink again, and Dean briefly wondered why until he remembered the sticky mess of blood on the floor. He was probably looking for some cleaning supplies.
“I just never made a move because, well, you’re an angel man. I have no idea how that kind of thing works, if you’d even want it, if you’re allowed. I didn’t want to make things messy and uncomfortable between us” Dean admitted, words tumbling out together.
Overall, things were really starting to look up. He never imagined he would escape the hunting life and fall into a normal one so easily, but Bobby made sure that everything was predictable. That a routine was consistently available for him, should he choose to participate. He did.
Cas reached a hand up and touched the same spot Dean was touching, their fingers brushing together. “It appears that new feathers are already growing in.” Cas replied, frowning slightly.
Dean looked darkly into his friend’s eyes, but it didn’t take a degree to realize he wouldn’t win this fight. Maybe he shouldn’t win this fight. Benny was right after all. He wasn’t fine, and he did need to rest at some point. He deflated all at once.
“How’s your leg?” Sam asked, coming around to crouch in front of Dean and get a closer look. Dean shifted away sharply.
He asked, but Dean knew he wasn’t really asking. The car suddenly felt like a cage. He swallowed. “Won’t Bobby be mad?”
He couldn’t stand being in that library a second longer, and had jumped when the bell rang, ignoring the wounded look on Castiel’s face. It was easier to pretend it wasn’t there, that he didn’t notice it and it didn’t affect him. He walked out, even though he wanted nothing more than to throw himself at Castiel’s feet and beg him for forgiveness; to tell him how sorry he was for a lifetime of stress he no doubt had caused.
“Dean,” he reasoned calmly. “I don’t have a single clue how to patch you up right now. Please listen to me, you need professional help.”
Castiel looked at him apologetically. “I promise he is the craziest one and the rest of us are normal.”
Sam stood so abruptly his chair tipped back with a loud bang. Dean flinched at the sound, but Sam was
He really should have expected proper danger to come soon. That was just the way things went when you fell stupidly for a hunter. A hunter stupid enough to take stupid risks and get himself into impossible situations.
“Are you still in pain?” Cas asked softly, fingers reaching out to barely brush across Dean’s chest. Dean squinted at him. Skimmed his eyes over the lightening marks across his chest that told Cas all he needed to know, pain-wise. But Cas was not looking for a biologically given answer. Dean didn’t quite know
Cas looked blankly at him, but Dean knew enough to pick up the subtle shift of his eyes as he scanned him up and down. The angel looked back at his face and a corner of his mouth quirked up in a tiny smile.
“You’re gonna do great, Dean,” John said with a small smile. And yes, Dean knew he would. He’d been training for two
A blur of red caught Castiel’s eye and he turned to see Charlie, holding a tray of food and looking lost.
found this morning,” Sam said, almost reverently rolling up the sleeve of his red flannel. On his elbow was a small oval tattoo. Sam twisted his arm to try and get a better look at it and Dean put an arm across his chest to stop him. They had reached an intersection and the pedestrian light was red.
losing some of its boyishness. Already, he was becoming lankier; limbs a little harder to control. His competitive tousles with Balthazar were enough to cause hints of lean muscle to appear under his pale skin, which is exactly what he was squinting at when a small bruise appeared on his cheekbone.
I spent some time mapping out where I want this story to go, and then I realized something; this isn't just about me anymore, there are my lovely readers along for the ride as well. I have scenes planned that fulfill all of my university AU desires, but I'd love to fulfill yours too! If there are scenes you are burning to see, or others you've seen before but are dying to read a million versions of, let me know and I'll work it in at some point. Love you all!
“What’re you doing here Cas?” Dean half slurred. Cas couldn’t tell if he was sleepy or drunk. Or both.
“Yes,” he interrupted, because whatever it was, the answer was yes. This was something beyond raging teenage hormones. This was a sense of safety so deep and complete that Dean trusted Cas with anything and everything, despite barely knowing him. The realization made Dean’s heart squeeze, a feeling between excitement and that moment right before you hurl.
Dean didn’t even think about it; he just mindlessly followed the order. He closed the door behind him with a satisfying thunk.
Dean ate, then showered and changed. He had a couple hours to kill today, since he only had two classes; law, and history of organized crime. He flicked on the coffee machine and checked his watch. It was still early, and with the time zone difference, he knew Sam would be getting ready for school just about now.
“Ah shut up,” came a rough voice. Cas couldn’t see who it was because the pool of light didn’t reach very far, but he could hear that it sounded different from the man that had first spoken to him. Overall it wasn’t a good sign, it meant there were more of them.
Dean fell against him like he didn’t have the willpower to hold himself up anymore. Cas pressed a hand tight against his back, gently holding them together. His other hand came up to cradle Dean’s head. He let his fingers thread into Dean’s hair and he rubbed gently at his scalp, trying to somehow soothe the man that was now shaking and trying not to cry against him.
Waking up early was routine for Castiel. He could never quite make it to sleeping past dawn and he has forever loved the melodies the songbirds sang in the early hours of day. The pleasant life Castiel had living in the forest was far preferred to living in a bustling town and, despite his brief want to leave his life in the woods a couple years ago, the noises of the bustling town, the  overwhelming smells he encountered, the repetitive and loud sounds of people speaking and shouting far too loudly, everything about the place had overloaded his senses. The experience brings an unpleasant memory to Castiel every time thoughts of it arise in his mind. And now, he could never see himself living outside of the woods he had called home as long as he could remember.
"It is perfect, Dean." Castiel put on his shoes and stood up, gathering his basket to his side. He began walking toward his home, Dean walking next to him, Baby trailing behind him.
We unpack the car fairly quickly for the amount of stuff we had shoved back there. Putting up the clothes in the wardrobe, I realize a problem that we should deal with before it got too late in the day.
Moving the mattress into the house and up the stairs is harder than us should be, the damn thing being so bendy that it's hard to get it to move the right way, but after a good workout, Cas and I manage to finally get it into place. Cas immediately sets to work making the bed, and I start making dinner. I make burgers, because I know how much Cas likes them, and because now I can spoil him with my own cooking, instead of diner food or convenience store food. The heavenly smell draws Cas down the stairs and into the kitchen, where he stands for a moment just watching me cook.
He pulls off his shirt, the movement smooth and so so hot, and climbs on top of me, reconnecting our lips in a fervor. I relish in the lack of fabric between our chests, Cas wastes no time before he's brushing his hands up and down my body again. The light touches only seem to increase my arousal, and I buck my hips up in response to him. He groans, and the sound is so attractive...
Lost in his thoughts, Castiel failed to notice Dean reaching for his hand. He jolted slightly when Dean's warm hand, slightly wet from the water, grazed against Castiel's open palm, moving to entwine itself in his fingers. Castiel looked up at Dean, but Dean did not share the gaze. His lashes were lowered, eyes beholding their locked hands. He had a warm beam on his face, one Castiel found himself recreating onto his own features. He relished in the soft touch, finding gentle comfort in the coupling of their hands. Dean appeared to savor it too.
Cas finishes up in the bathroom and returns to the bedroom, turning off the lights as he goes. Suddenly we're in the dark, and the bed dips as Cas lays on it. He winds his arms around my torso and pulls me to his chest.
Cas puts his hand on his chin and rubs it, observing the cakes with a pensive stare. "That's a lot of responsibility coming from you. We'll take the cherry pie, please."
Our lips meet and I see stars, suns, galaxies. Kissing Castiel is like nothing I had ever experienced before. The light scrape of stubble against my jaw, the pressure of his lips, his tongue! I moan when his tongue brushes mine, pulling him closer.
"No, but I am most frequently nearby. I could show you where I live, and you could come by every day if you so desired."
"Could you at least tell me what's happening? Please!" I'm desperate to get answers, especially because of my current immobility.
Cas moving inside me is a feeling that I can't wait to try again and again. The effortless thrusts hitting me in just the right place as I scramble to grab onto Cas' hair, arms, back, anything.
"Why the hell would your 'boss' want anything to do with me? I purposefully gave myself the most vanilla life when I left my home as soon as I graduated high school. I'm not in the so-called family business anymore. I thought once I left home, all would clear up!"
When I finish puking, I hear the door to the room open, then close again. I stand up on shaky legs and grab the bowl of soup, then dump it into the sink, washing its contents down with water. I can't bring myself to eat anything she touched.
Cas breaks off the kiss, and leans out foreheads together, warm breaths mingling between us. "Was that alright, Dean? I should have asked permission, but I just couldn't stop myself—"
We drive over to the house that Jo had circled. I immediately like the way it looks. It's a one-story, ranch-style house, painted a bluish gray color with a red door. It has a two car garage and an adorable front porch.
He opens the passenger door and, thankfully, I am able to walk again, with a little bit of help. "Where are we?" I ask, glad my voice doesn't sound as quivery anymore.
He treaded down the rickety steps from his bedroom and was met with bustle in the kitchen as Mirabel, Rachel, and Anna prepared for the day. His aunts always seemed to wake before him, despite him being woken in the middle of the night by them moving around downstairs. Castiel often doubted if they ever slept. Every morning, though, he was thankful for the food they prepared for breakfast that was hot and steaming every time Castiel descended the steps to his room. The smell of warm bread beckoned him to the table, and he sat in his favorite seat, next to the window, his aunts quickly joining him.
Cas drives us around Ball Ground while we look for a place to eat. We come across a little German restaurant and decide to dine there. We are seated at a little booth and I order a Jägerschnitzel and Cas orders a sausage sampler. We get our food very quickly and eat like we haven't eaten in years.
"I mean, I am bisexual, and have known that since I was at least 14, but I haven't slept with a man...ever. Don't get me wrong, it's not as if I'm not attracted to you, because believe me, wow look at you..." I admire him for a moment. Those strong arms, large hands, beautiful face. "But I would like us to know more about each other before we have sex."
"I have three aunts: Rachel, Mirabel, and Anna. Rachel is the eldest of them. She is very much protective of us all. Mirabel is a skilled seamstress. She made this for me," Castiel broke from his craft and touched his skirt lightly. "And Anna is the youngest. Her passion is baking."
I hear Rachel say, "Please bring him back home safe, Cassie!" and I flinch at the grating sound of her voice.
I inhale suddenly and loudly as the drapes are drawn back, revealing a man I had seen before at my work. He would stop by the café I worked at every so often, and we would exchange pleasantries as I took his order, but I don't understand what he is doing here.
So when Castiel woke up, and was greeted with the sweet hymns of the birds, he rose and dressed himself in his usual attire. His aunt Mirabel had made him the long cream skirt he wore, fashioned at the waist with a dark belt, for his thirteenth birthday and a white blouse that Castiel had altered consistently as he grew. Now, at nineteen, Castiel adorned the outfit almost every day, rinsing it when he bathed in the pond closest to the cottage he lived in.
"I trust you, Cas." At the nickname, he startles slightly. "I don't know if I should, but I do. If you think this will work, and that we can get out of here...then I'm with you. 100%."
"Awesome," he breathes out. "So, here's the thing." His face falls. "I'll need you to do something. And if you can't do it, I understand, but this is the only idea for escape I have been able to come up with."
When Cas finally shouts out a warning and attempts to pull me back, I stay locked onto him. His come hitting my mouth makes me moan, and I like up the drops that slip out. Cas looks at me with wide eyes.
Castiel stood up, skirt brushing across his legs, and took a cautious step closer to the man. "Hello," he responded, wary of the stranger.
I almost don't want him to leave, it seemed like he was starting to listen to what I was saying, but the woman, his boss, nods, only saying, "Leave, Castiel."
Castiel swallowed a bite before answering. "I was thinking about checking on the hives across the stream. It has been a moment since I've headed there, and I want to see how they are faring." His excitement flared at the thought of spending the day sitting by the bubbling stream and listening to the hum of the dainty creatures fly through the air.
Castiel left into the canopy of trees, his thoughts racing to remember where the nearest flowers were so he could return to Dean. He had realized he deeply enjoyed Dean's company, in spite of their brief time together. Castiel could not remember any time where he had been eager to return to his aunts after a long day out, and the new feeling of anticipation excited him.
Dean locked gazes with Castiel once more. "I don't think I'll be able to get away that often. My dad..."
"Yes, I do. I was fishing here before you came by." Castiel took a step closer to the man, feeling the urge to step over the stream between them, something he had never done before. "What might you be doing out here? I can't imagine there being much to hunt in these woods. I have never seen anything larger than a rare deer running past."
"That is exactly the point, Dean. I do like you, and you are brilliant. I will not apologize for giving you the credit you deserve."
Castiel looks down his nose at me. "I don't do favors, I do jobs. If you could pay me somehow, I'd consider it."
"My dad asks me that every day. I haven't found anyone, and it pisses him off so much. He's about ready to marry me off to the next person who shows up at our door."
"I might've said that." Cas grabs the box of condoms. "I said I was going to buy the essentials, Dean. And I think these are pretty essential."
I feel a smile tugging at the corners of my mouth. If we escape together, we both know who and what to avoid, where we can stay hidden together. It's much more appealing than the circumstances in which I left my house 10 years ago.
Maybe life wasn’t that bad. Not that I wanted to be kidnapped and assaulted again, but in the long run, everything works out well.
The motel wasn't exactly far from the restaurant we ate at, but the drive seemed to last forever. When we get there, Cas rushes to help me out of the car, and I subconsciously reach for his open hand.
It's becoming hard to think, but not hard enough to notice that one of Cas' hands is touching himself. I pull him off of me and he stares at me, a little pissed at his removal.
"No, but really, Cas, thanks. For giving me a chance. For just being you. Because you, well, because you're pretty awesome."
I try my best to push her off of me but she grasps my arms with all of her strength. Her tongue pushes itself into my mouth and she moves her hips against mine, trying to get a rise out of me.
Cas looks at me and smiles. He gets up from where he was sitting on the bed and walks towards me. He runs his fingers through my hair lovingly, then walks into the bathroom. I hear the shower running a moment later.
"I know." Castiel grinned, acknowledging the caution his aunt offered. But once Castiel had his mind set to something, he wasn't one to let anyone ruin his day. "What about all of you?"
Cas withdraws his fingers from me and I frown at the empty feeling they leave. And then I hear the crinkle of foil. I reach down to help Cas put the condom on, wanting to touch him more than anything. He feels solid in my hand. I stroke him a few times, enjoying the feel of him in my hand, and Cas eventually pushes me back down. His lube slick fingers guide him towards me, and I brace myself for the feeling. There's a light pain as Cas finally gets past my rim, and then I'm cleaning at him, trying to get him closer to me, deeper in me.
Take the creepy alleyway to work, I thought. It will be a shortcut, I thought. Nobody would attack you if you took the creepy alleyway, I thought.
"You're not pressuring me. Of course I'll be Dean Smith!" I leap across the couch and hug him tightly, his arms coming up my back to hold me to him after a moment.
I scoff in disbelief. "Seriously? Look, man, I've been fucking kidnapped and apparently I'm not going to be let go because you're sister 'wants me' or some shit and I already told her that there's no way in hell that that is going to happen because I'll never want her! She can't seem to get that through her thick head! So, if you could get me the fuck out of here, that would be real nice!"
I grin at him. "All better, and ready to satisfy my cravings." He stared at me and I realize what I just said, and what it sounds like. "For-for pie. I like pie."
"Even laced with cyanide, you make a mean coffee, sir. If it tastes like this every morning, or even better than this because of the lack of poison, I'm looking forward to sharing it with you."
"I'm glad I'm different then. And," Dean spared a glance at the stream. "You do know how to flatter, Cas. In no time, I'll be begging to court you, you know."
"Is," he takes a deep breath, "Is this alright? If you don't want to, I understand. You can be in me or we don't have to do it with penetration, or we can just stop here."
"So, Dean. How are you liking it here? Have you considered what I've said?" Rachel presses, leaning forward to show off her cleavage pushing out of her very low cut dress. My stomach turns at the sight.
I giggle. “Just sore, Cas. It’s alright. Just wasn’t expecting it, but I guess you did ram into me pretty hard.” I wink at him.
"That sounds wonderful. For me...well I haven't really had anything utterly groundbreaking. I'm happy with a burger, or even with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich."
"I wish my parents had tried harder to teach me any language. I only know English, and a little bit of Spanish."
"I told you I left my family's business, mostly because I wanted to do something normal. Accounting seemed like a very normal course of action, so I pursued it. I never got to actually do it, though. Rachel forced me back into the family business again, and I couldn't exactly do both. But I'm sure some place here is looking to hire someone to manage funds."
"Please don't worry about that, Dean. I got it handled. Luckily, I've had my own private bank account for years. Rachel has no idea it exists. We should have enough money in there for at least two years. By then we should have jobs, an apartment, and maybe a cat for good measure."
I hear the door handle turn and I face the door, mustering up more bravado than I actually feel. The door opens and Castiel steps in, closing the door quietly behind him.
The room is large too. There is a window, shaded by heavy curtains, a leather armchair next to them. I push aside the curtains, wincing at the sunlight that streams into the room. There is a bookshelf stocked full of books, all in some weird script. There is a dresser with a mirror, small photo frames of pressed flowers poised on the surface, a small clock between them. A fireplace, another regal armchair placed next to it. A door to a grand bathroom, where I stop to relieve myself, and observe the walk-in shower and giant mirror across the wall the sink is on. Through the bathroom, there is another door to a closet, stocked with numerous outfits. They all look clean, so I change out of my slightly stinky work uniform and into a comfy pair of gray sweatpants and a simple black t-shirt. I walk back into the main room and take a seat in the armchair by the window, squinting to look outside in an attempt to discern where I am.
I am left alone in the room again, my body shaking with slight fear and anticipation, my mind turning over itself. What if?
Cas nods. "I understand, Dean. And for tonight, if you're comfortable with it, because we did only get a room with one bed, I'll only cuddle with you. I can also sleep on the floor though, if you'd be more comfortable with that."
The man speaks monotonously when he talks, his tone making me feel like everything I have asked is stupid in relation to what he has to say. It's a quality I admire in everyday life, but this is becoming jarringly not everyday life.
She stops in her tracks. "No. I'll wear you down and one day you will be begging for me to be with you." Then she leaves.
Cas pushes me to the kitchen wall, stopping when my back thumps on the surface, and then he touches me. His hands sliding reverently up and down my sides, catching on my shirt, lifting the material up. I gasp into his mouth slightly at the brush of cool air against my torso and he disconnects our lips. I frown at the loss as he removes my shirt, but soon his mouth is on my neck, pressing tender kisses into the soft skin there. He licks and scrapes his teeth there and I whimper, clutching into his hair.
"Nothing." Castiel moves to leave again, but I catch his arm, my fingers seeming to move on their own. I'm surprised by just how jacked he feels for a moment.
"I really don't care, as long as I'm not the only one taking care of it." I wink at him. "Maybe a couple of tetras? I've always liked how calm fish tanks are."
I think I pass out, which I've been doing a lot more often than usually lately. When I wake up, I'm being moved into a different car, in the parking lot of what looks like the hospital.
Cas' eyebrows shift up. "I know, Dean." We continue walking towards our room. "And if you have cravings for anything else, just let me know."
"Do not negate your own brightness like that. You managed to pick up on fishing much faster than I did," Castiel protested as Dean captured another fish and placed it in the basket.
Cas and I didn't bring anything to unpack, so I'm guessing our next stop is a grocery store or a convenience store, so we can get food, clothing, and anything else we may need.
When he awoke again, he was pleased to see a bee had ventured to float around his head. He laid still, letting the small animal explore him. It buzzed around his ears curiously, tickling his skin when it landed on him briefly. The bee flew off and Castiel sat up and walked over to the stream. He perched on the shore and looked down at the glistening water, seeing numerous small fish and tadpoles close to developing into frogs.
I oblige and walk to the motel again, ready to see Cas. I open the motel room and am greeted with the smell of dinosaur chicken nuggets and Cas, lounging on the bed in front of the TV. I smile warmly, and collapse into bed next to him, enjoying his warmth and the nuggets he offers on his plate.
Dean scoffed. "Yeah, you could say that. He has this idea in his head that I'm the so-called 'perfect' son. I-I can't live up to his expectations."
Suddenly, Dean moved towards the water and took held of another fish, this one bigger than the last.
I take the plate into my hands and eat, my still-sensitive stomach growling at the warm smell and taste. The casserole makes me feel better, restores my energy, and clears my head.
As soon as I finish my plate, I slide the note under the door, trying to open it first, then realizing it is locked. Of course it is. I sit down in the chair by the fireplace staring at the unlit logs while I wait to see what Castiel does.
Cas and I shake the old man's hand and walk out of the house, our house. We hop in the car and leave the property.
When he reached the stream, and the open clearing around it, he plopped down onto the plush grass near the beehive. Taking off his shoes methodically, he gazed at the structure with adoration and was ecstatic when he heard the hum of the gentle creatures.
"I wouldn't know. I've never been across this clearing, but I assume there are some areas on this side that are similar as well. The tree coverage can block the sun quite easily."
"I can joke, they only seem to go by unnoticed by everyone so I often refrain from doing so." Castiel believed his sense of humor was at its peak. "If you would like something I can make though, as payment, I would be glad to offer it to you."
I sit up and clap my hands together, startling Cas slightly. "I don't know about you, but I am so fucking ready for some pie!"
He finally finishes with my neck and disconnects from me to admire his work. I reach my arms out to him, desperate to get him close and onto me again.
He gives in and takes the band of my underwear into his hand, sliding it down my legs. His other hand touches me as soon as my dick is revealed, running his fingers lightly up and down it. I feel myself jump in reaction, and I can't hold back the noise clawing at the back of my throat. Cas strokes me, staring into my eyes relentlessly. When he moves his head down onto me, my shout of arousal all the encouragement he needs to lick from the base up, before taking me into his mouth.
I wake up from my impromptu "nap" in a dark room, lying flat on my back in a large four-poster bed. The sheets must have a thread count of at least 1000; they are the softest thing I have ever layer upon. The pillows are plush and it feels as though I am being absorbed into them. The black see-through drapes hanging from the rim of the bed obscure my view of the rest of the room.
Dean leaped over the small stream, trailing his horse behind him with the reins. Now standing practically next to Castiel, he realized that Dean was taller than him, not by much, but Castiel felt odd being next to someone with a greater height. His aunts did not seem to be that small, but maybe that was an effect of Castiel having to look up at them until he was around fifteen.
I feel tears burning at the edges of my eyes, the feeling foreign after such a long time without crying.
Dean's mouth opened and his eyes shut and he took a deep breath. He whispered, almost reverently, "I can feel it beating."
Castiel began working on Dean's flower crown, braiding the stems together in practiced motions. He could feel Dean's eyes watching him work, and he felt warm under the other man's gaze.
Cas has shoved the extra decorative pillows to the floor and changed into a plain t-shirt and his underwear to sleep in. He brushes past me to go to the bathroom and I quickly change into some sweatpants and a t-shirt. I lay down in the bed, facing towards the nightstand.
I devour the sausage in a couple bites, then dump a glob of honey mustard on the side of the gargantuan basket of fries. The fries, surprisingly, are just as good as the hotdogs. I push the platter towards Cas, urging him to try them. He's also finished his hotdog, and together, we wolf down the fries in less than two minutes.
Castiel leaned to grab his basket for Dean to put the fish in, and Dean announced, "Would you look at that, Cas! I caught me a big one!"
The man grinned. "Thanks, man. I was getting lost. It's pretty dense in that part of the forest." He glanced over his shoulder at the area he had just emerged from.
"Yes, I will probably be at home all day tomorrow," Castiel forethought. "I will come and greet you out here when I hear Baby. She is not all that quiet, if you are unaware."
Castiel's eyebrows scrunched. "No, I do not. I have not interacted with another male in years, and they definitely were not as compassionate in temper as you."
"Hello," he says back. He walks towards the armchair by the window, and drags it towards me, sitting himself in it across from me. He rests his elbows on his considerably-sized thighs, and my eyes catch there. "My sister told me what happened."
"That cherry pie still better than sex?" Cas asks once breathing becomes easier, as he removes the condom.
He laid on his bed sheets, his forgotten wreath of flowers falling off his head when it hit the pillow. He reached for the flowers and held them lovingly in his grasp.
I jump as the door freaks open. It's Castiel, and he seems shocked to see me upright instead of laying down on the bed.
Dean turned to Castiel rapidly, eyes full of expectation. His gaze warmed when he saw the circlet in Castiel's hands. "It's pretty," Dean said and edged next to him.
"Cyanide," he says, then quickly adds, "but again I'm not administering a lethal dose. So please don't worry."
"I went to Winchester with my aunts, when I was younger. It felt too crowded and loud, and I was honestly overwhelmed."
"Oh, uh..." Her face takes on a red hue, partially visible in the dim light. "I, uh...wanted to get to know you, Dean. On an emotional level...and maybe more?" She looks away from my face.
Dean had awakened sensations in Castiel that he had not felt before. It was new and exciting and scary and Castiel loved it.
"I'm curious, Cas. I've never met anyone quite like you either, you know. And you're very interesting."
I turn towards Cas, who's sitting across from me. "Do you think I could be a waiter here? It seems like a decent enough job. And Charlie is the only one in here now, and it's almost lunch time!"
I hear the door close again as he exits the room, and I am left alone with the 'boss' who apparently wants me.
He distressed when Dean gingerly withdrew his hand. "Can't let you go too long without working on my crown, or else you won't get to finish it before I leave," Dean explained.
I stop in my tracks and sputter at the suggestion. Then, with determination, I grab his hand and match us quickly towards the room, open the door effortlessly, sit him down on the bed, and plop myself down next to him.
Castiel considered Dean's words. "I would need to ask my aunts before. I imagine Rachel would be quite wary at the prospect of inviting a stranger into our home. We rarely get visitors, and they usually only pass through briefly to buy some of Mirabel's clothing."
Castiel looks down my body, then back up, his piercing gaze stopping at my lips for a moment, before meeting my eyes. "I'm sure you're much better than your brother in all regards though."
"I like red, makes me happy for some reason. What about your favorite food? Mine is pie. Just any kind of pie. You can't make me choose. There was this place just down the street from where we lived when I was a kid that had the best pie ever. The most delicious thing I've ever had. I'll try and make it for us one day."
"I think we should get eight fish, one that looks different than the rest. Then we can have Snow White and the rest of the fish are the seven dwarves." I feel the corners of my mouth turn upwards at the idea. Cas' reaction is the same.
When he's in all the way, I find his lips and kiss him, whispering, "I love you, Cas," into them. Cas kisses me with abandon, breaking the touch with a hiss as I jerk my hips up, needing to feel him.
"Now, I'm gonna be here still for two more weeks, but after then, I'll cash this check and the house is yours."
"Me too." Cas takes my hand and we walk up to the front door and knock. After a moment, an older man opens the door. "Hello, sir. My name is Steve Smith, and this is Dean. We heard from Jo that your house was for sale, and we are interested in possibly buying."
My chest twinges a little at the earnest he presents the words with. "Thanks, Cas. And I think I'll be fine if you want to cuddle..." I shy off at the end of the sentence.
"You'll be easy to cook for, then." I glance around the room, looking for more things to talk about. "Hey, I saw this bookshelf with all those books," I point towards the shelf, "Do you read and speak whatever language that is?"
Content with enjoying the many sounds around him, Castiel laid down on the grass and spread out his arms. He dozed peacefully for a moment, and felt himself slip out of consciousness. He dreamt lightly, of pretty little things, dancing, flowers, various woodland creatures.
"I'm not going to assault you. You have to want it as bad as I do, either for me, eventually, getting you out of here, or for your own pleasure." Castiel walks towards the door. "Think it over, Dean."
"Why would I regret this? You claim you left your family, your home, to get out of the life. Why would they know where you are? And I was the one tasked with sending in your immediate resignation letter for that café you worked at before this, so nobody will come looking for you there. The only people who know your current location are my boss and me."
Dean looked away suddenly, a hint of a grin forced away from Castiel's view. "I don't know, man. Do you come here everyday?"
I'm left alone in the room again, the plate of food still full in my lap. I stare down at it and slide the egg onto the toast, making a sad little sandwich.
This train of thought continues, until it's put to a halt by Cas coming back into the room. A steaming cup of coffee in his hand, he sits back down in front of me and carefully hands the mug to me.
He hums, continuing his work. My impatience grows, waiting for him to stop paying so much attention to my neck and focus on my mouth. He seems to sense my longing, because then he's touching my hips, his thumbs lightly rubbing the skin there. One of his hands slides up, and he works my nipple with fascination.
Dean dropped the fish in Castiel's basket after dancing in excitement with his yield for a moment's time. "What do I get in payment for my work?"
"For now, we only watch them. We wait for them to calm down. Your horse splashing through their home likely scared them off."
We talk quietly about our days, and Cas tells me how he found a job in accounting at the local law firm. Eventually, we go to bed, Cas entwining himself with me again. I sigh comfortably and fall asleep with ease.
I undress and step into the shower, determined to get every last imprint of her off of me. I bathe quickly, but thoroughly, and I am out of the shower and into a new pair of sweatpants and a new t-shirt in hardly any time. I crawl into the soft sheets of the bed, and finally, I let myself cry.
I quickly agree, and almost choke myself on the burger I made trying to eat it so fast. Cas stares fondly at me almost the whole meal, his eyes only fluttering shut every time he takes a bite of the burger.
He stepped towards the door and was suddenly ambushed with loving embraces from his aunts, bidding him good travels, safety, and, most importantly, good fishing. Castiel grabbed the basket he kept by the door for food he found while out and finally walked across the threshold.
We make it back to the motel in no time, and unload our bags on the bed. Cas chuckles at the dinosaur chicken nuggets.
Cas sits up and calmly gets out the napkins and forks, while I zero-in on the holy cherry pie. Opening the box it's perfectly packaged in, I sniff the pie and moan at the divine smell.
"Will do, sir." As he leaves, I take my seat across from Cas again. I shake my hands in excitement. "I did it!"
As soon as Cas unlocks our room, I rush to the bathroom, ready to bathe all the stench of our travels off of me. As I shower, I can hear Cas bustling around the room.
"No! My head hurts so much that it is causing me physical pain to fucking think. What the fuck did you do to me?!"
I walk briskly towards the diner and push open the glass door. Charlie greets me quickly, and I explain that I'm ready to start today. Her boss, and my new boss, Benny, show me the ropes with little pressure, the diner not very busy at this time in the morning. Soon enough, I'm easily taking order after order and delivering it with ease.
Cas explains how we are new to Ball Ground and are looking for a place to live while I take in the bakery. It's rustic decorations and aromatic smell make me feel cozy and warm. There's a wall with a bunch of shelves stocked full of different types of breads, flours, sugars, and there's a glass cabinet next to the counter with various cakes, pastries, and...PIES!!!
While he waited for the perfect moment to catch one of the fish, Castiel sung quietly, letting words flow from his mouth. Castiel's greatest joy was creation, of anything he could fix and make and rebuild. The ultimate season for creation had passed, and Castiel, now finding himself in summer, was also happy to be in the presence of all the life around him. His aunts had often cooed at his obsessive love of nature and environment, how he was ever eager to learn new things about the soil under his toes, the leaves fluttering above his head.
"I'll change mine to Steve Smith. And maybe you can be Dean Smith? If that's alright with you? I don't want to pressure you into anything."
If I thought Charlie's accent was pronounced, then I was very much wrong. The man's voice has so much of a drawl that I hang on to every word he says, trying to keep my attention focused on him. "That we are, brother. And I 'eard you were looking for a job here. Luckily, we don' got any requirements for hire. Jus' gotta be old enough. Let me know when you can start working, Mr. Smith."
"It is good that you understand now." Castiel held up the finally finished crown of flowers. "Come here, Dean."
I get out of the shower and dry myself. My body sticky from the humid bathroom, I decide not to change into my jeans and flannel, and I walk out of the bathroom with the towel around my waist.
Cas rolls his eyes and gives in, tossing me the keys. I hop into the pretty crappy car, not the worst choice though, and rev the engine. Living in the city made me miss late nighttime drives. I drive us back towards the motel, practically bouncing in my seat at the thought of the pie awaiting us there. Cas smiles softly at me every so often and I try not to notice. Feelings never having been my strong suit, I try to think less about the man I am now married to and focus on the purr of the engine, the wheel in my hands, and the road ahead.
The next two weeks continue much the same way, Cas and I going off to work to come back to the motel room. The small living space is starting to get in both of our nerves, so when we finally get the 'ok' from the man who sold us his house, Cas and I can't wait to move in. We grab the numerous things we have accumulated over the past weeks and throw them in the back of the car. Then we drive to our house.
All I see is a grassy field, so different from the bustling city I was yanked from yesterday. I continue to stare outside, hoping to see someone or something, but after about half an hour, I give up. I sit up and step towards the bookshelf. I look at some of the titles. The  language is totally unfamiliar to me. Despite my parents' attempt to teach numerous languages to me, I refused out of spite for everything they put me through at such a young age. Besides, who the fuck even needs to know Latin when you're in the mob? All the books seem old though, like they should be sitting in a museum instead of my kidnappers' estate.
I choke up slightly, fascinated as to how Cas, motherfucking Castiel, could be in love with him. I had thought the small twinges in my heart, the sense of belonging in my mind, the love in my soul would be completely one-sided.
Soon enough, though, Cas' pants are off and I can see him straining against his boxers. I pant breaths out, and as I attempt to sit up, Cas pushes me back down, continuing his blow job. My mind goes blank as he slides his tongue over the tip, and then deep throats me. With one of his hands stroking my balls gently, it's not surprising that his other hand starts to drift towards my asshole.
"Dean- you were asleep when I came in, so I left this here for you. If you have decided you do want to get out of here, slide this note back under your door, into the hallway. If you don't, just toss the note. It's green bean casserole, in case you were curious. -Castiel."
Cas presses a light, barely there kiss to the tip of my dick and I resist the urge to thrust into him. When Cas finally adds a third finger, brushing it up against my prostrate, I shiver in excitement. The anticipation of having him inside of me is almost gone.
"I got it. If I had known that after I left, my brother would take a turn for the worse, becoming someone I couldn't recognize, I would have come back too. But I cut off all contact with my family when I left; I only heard about his death on the news four years ago," I explain.
Castiel stared at the man on the horse who had broken into the clearing, the small space across the stream no filled with the large presence of the man and his steed.
"I've always wanted a black one, with some ridiculous name." He looks me in the eyes. "Wouldn't that be nice?"
"Yup, I really am." Charlie comes back to our table with three plastic baskets, two with hotdogs in them, one with a mountain of fries.
Then we are on our way again. Cas rolls down the windows of this car, and the fresh air helps me regain part of my strength. I can't explain coherently, but it's making me feel so much better.
"Those are nice," Dean said. "I caught another one, but not as big." Dean shrugged and gestures towards the basket.
"I was thinking some small town, about an hour away from a suburb where we can get anything we won't be able to get in the town. And of course in a different state. I was thinking down in Georgia? That's far enough from here...we'll have to drive it though. It'll be about two days worth of driving, but by the time we get there, you should be completely better."
I move to him immediately at the thought of the pie in my mouth finally. He smiles at me, grabs the box from my hands, and cuts us pieces.
"Have you never bothered to touch and feel the ground beneath your feet? I cannot get enough of the sensation of earth below me. It is so strong and so steady and can you not just feel it pulsing with life?" Castiel moved his face towards Dean's as he explained.
He quietly wraps his arms around me, and I sigh into the tender embrace. Cas' hugs, the warmth in them, is something I can never get tired of.
Castiel smiled at Dean's enthusiasm and glanced at the accused fish. "It looks perfect, Dean. Would you like help to catch it?"
"You should remove your shoes. I cannot imagine them being comfortable, especially since we are going to be waiting for a while until enough fish are caught."
He reached for his basket next to him and grabbed a handful of some of the flowers he had picked while running to the stream. The delicate blooms were soft as Castiel ran his fingers across the petals. The way they curled around his fingers at the edges reminded him of a infant he had once seen in passing, wrapping its small hand around its mother's finger. He began folding the flowers, one over the other, making a wreath of the blossoms. He threaded them together calmly, serene in the bustling nature around him.
"We were thinking of stepping into Winchester for new fabrics," Mirabel explained. Castiel nodded. The nearby kingdom of Winchester was a large and bustling one, and technically they had reign of the forest Castiel and his aunts resided in. He had been through the town once, when he was fourteen and his hair had grown free and he had been desperate to get out of the woods at all times. Castiel was happy that Mirabel, who had been nagging Rachel and Anna about them needing new gowns, had finally broken in her sisters to visiting the nearby kingdom.
She stares at me for a moment, eyes blank, before she gets off the bed and walks away, towards the door.
I rack my head for if, or when, I may have seen her face before, but nothing comes up. "When did you try?"
"Yes, I saw a convenience store a couple buildings away from the motel. I was thinking we could just walk there."
"Had a brother. Name was Sam. He died a couple years ago, when he was 22. Got shot by a gang member that he was buying crack from."
I open my eyes slowly and glance down at the source of the pain: a syringe just removed from my forearm.
The man got off of his horse and pet the animal on its side. Walking over to Castiel, he asked, "Do you know how far I am from Winchester?"
Castiel leveled a stare at Dean. "Are you? You are the one who stated earlier that you may not be able to get away."
Dean broke their eye contact. "No reason, man." Dean toed off his shoes, then rubbed his feet in the grass. "Hey, not nearly as prickly as it looks."
The man looks at me, considering what I said. "While that may be true, Dean, you know I can't disobey orders from the boss."
I take a step back from him, only to smack against the bookshelf. I freeze and take in a sharp breath.
"No, I'll do it when we cross state lines, in Virginia probably. Then we can go to a court and have our wedding officiated."
We finish the rest of our pie in silence, me too embarrassed at Cas' intense words, Cas too busy staring at me.
"Well, I got a brother. His name's Sam, or, uh, Samuel, I guess. He's about four years younger than me, but he's so much smarter than me."
Castiel simply patted the ground next to him, and Dean soon joined him on the grass, copying Castiel's position.
"Do you need some help with this, Dean?" His fingers brush over my growing erection, and I shut my eyes at the sensation. Cas' hand moves back and forth lightly, stopping every other touch to palm me through the boxer briefs.
Castiel bristled at the shortening of his name. "No one has ever shortened my name before. Is it commonplace among townspeople?"
Cas steps back, looking ashamed and flustered. "I'm sorry, Dean, I just thought I should let you know that I'm falling for you. Hard. And I think I'm in love with you."
"Antidote to the poison you were injected with, just to keep you out for a little bit while we got you situated here."
"I found them in one of the cupboards! I'm not sure how old they are, but we both know that with the amount of chemicals put in here, they are practically immortal."
I can't look at him after he says this. I'm so ashamed of myself and embarrassed about my reaction that meeting his eyes seems frightening.
The driveway widened and curved around a large pool filled with those white and orange fish from Chinese restaurants. Dean could probably have spent an entire day admiring the little fountain in the pool and the patterns of the fish, but as it stood he was entirely distracted by the house itself.
“I really don’t, son. There’s an entire room full of children waiting for my attention and they’re all extremely critical.”
Cas finally decided to put some faith in Sam’s judgement, in the strength of Dean’s friendship, and in his own conversational ability. He figured if all went wrong, he would apologize for crossing any lines and they could all move on with their lives.
He carefully measured out the coffee for a pot, then let the machine do its thing while he ventured back into the bedroom for his phone.
Castiel removed his other hand from Dean’s side, and the absence left a cold spot. He reached out and tentatively touched Dean’s collarbone, then the side of his neck, then cupped his jaw.
Dean grinned. Cas didn’t know the first thing about soccer, but the fact that he still came out to support him said more than words ever could.
He was well aware that he wouldn’t be able to relax, knowing his dad was angry. Adults were endlessly stupid and reckless when they were mad.
. There was no excuse for those markings. They were too jagged to be deliberate. Too orderly to be an accident. They
to cry. He watched the time, and every three hours, like clockwork, he mixed together exact amounts of formula and water, and carefully fed Sam. When he smelled bad, Dean changed and washed him, being overly careful not to drop or hurt him. When Sam blinked at him slowly, Dean propped a pillow on the bed and laid his brother on his chest, talking to him about anything and everything until he fell asleep.
Anna sighed and smiled. “I wish I had a fraction of that energy,” she admitted to Dean as they followed behind.
Dean could see some of the boys wilting at the thought of more running, but they all made their way around the field. Some of the players lagged behind, dragging in breaths of air, others somehow still had energy for a well paced run.
Dean’s feet made light sounds as he ran along the beach, barely skimming over the sand. The morning air was crisp, and the sunrise so vibrant it seemed like even the sky was giving one last hurrah to the summer break.
Dean shrugged off his bag and let it drop to the ground. He tipped to the side and leaned heavily against the bars on the underside of the bleachers.
“Hey, no. That one was on me, I should have been more clear,” Cas said quickly. “We can figure this out in the morning but for now I think we should both get some sleep. Its really late.” Cas glanced at the time over the oven and saw that it was nearing 4am.
The pain was nearly unbearable. The man was pressing his body down, making Cas want to crawl out of his own skin, but it was nothing compared to the sharp sucking on his neck. The skin was
Dean coughed again, more violently this time. He gasped, dragging in a lungful of air and flung himself up in the bed. He looked wildly around the room and his gaze landed on Castiel, standing completely still in the corner.
Dean inhaled a full breath; he was able to, now that he didn’t feel the pain. “My dad,” he said eventually.
Not only was he in the wrong here, he now felt like crap for having discovered one of Dean’s triggers like this. Dean
Cas is frantic for a couple years. He tries everything, literally everything, but eventually realizes traditional methods aren’t gonna cut it. He turns to magic. Witchcraft, demon deals, whatever he can get his hands on. He is hurt by the distance, but his only goal is to protect Dean and make sure he is safe. He doesn’t ever contact him, all his magic is used to give Dean a leg-up from afar. Dean attributes years worth of near misses as just dumb luck.
This seemed both wise and overly complicated, which made them feel even wiser, and the plan was heartily agreed upon. They lined up along the deep end of the pool, each holding the plastic edge with one wet and wrinkled hand.
It took a couple seconds for Cas to see that he was among friends. Terrified friends. He slowly let his wings sink down, then sank down to the floor himself.
Cas looked up, startled to see none other than Dean standing over him. He scrambled to put the book away and stand. Dean took a step back to give him room, and bumped into the closed door. Cas watched as he bit his lip, but the yelp he’d been expecting didn’t come – instead, Dean steadied himself and said nothing at all.
By the time Dean finished showering after soccer practice, it was already 5:00. He walked up to his apartment and had the dumbest panic over what to wear. He wanted to be casual because it was a study session, but he didn’t think sweatpants and a sweater would cut it for a family dinner. He ended up putting on a nicer pair of jeans and a green plaid shirt, nothing fancy. On his way out he grabbed his keys and the copy of Gatsby he had checked out from the library earlier that day.
“Oh.” Cas said shortly. He hesitated for a second. “Would you like to come over and read together? My sister is coming over for dinner so you can eat with us too. If you want.”
Dean wrapped his legs around Cas almost yelped when he started walking. He was dropped unceremoniously onto a huge and ridiculously soft bed. Cas didn’t give him any time to adjust, just crawled right on top of him and started kissing him again.
Cas fixed Dean with a hard stare. “Dean what would you have me do? There is nothing to be done about this. I am healing, you have to trust me on that.”
It happened exactly like it would have in a movie. Cas diligently locked up the bar, walked straight to his car, then fumbled with his keys in the semi dark. Of course, he dropped them. Of course, they fell into a shallow puddle, because where else would they fall?
“Wait,” Cas interjected. He regretted it as soon as the word left his mouth, but he couldn’t just stand there and do nothing, so he pressed on. “Leave him alone. Take me.” And yes, it was probably a royally stupid thing to say, but Cas kind of had a record going now for how many stupid things he could stay in a row and didn’t want to break his streak.
Sometimes my writing consists of me, up at 4am, muttering abuse at my computer while adding another shot of whiskey to my stone cold coffee. Other times I zone out and when I come back, there are 10,000 words and I can’t say for sure if it was me that wrote them because I don’t remember any of it. The next few chapters are of the second type.
He shrugged, unwilling to answer with words, but the movement made him wince again. Bobby’s face darkened. His gaze spoke of a clear understanding. Of death.
“Great, it’s settled then. I can leave my classroom unlocked at lunch, so the two of you can study here. Or, if you prefer, the library is always open.”
“I mean, our dad was a raging alcoholic. Mom spent a lot of her time working since he couldn’t hold a steady job, and I was usually caring for Adam and Sam or protecting them from dad’s latest rampage.” Dean cut himself off and shot a horrified look at Cas.
“I’m going to shower,” Dean said firmly. He locked the bathroom door and turned the shower dial before Benny could respond. It was a blissful ten minutes of standing under the hot pressurized water, but Dean didn’t linger because his stomach was painfully empty.
Suspended from the ceiling by his ankles was a form so beaten and bloodied that it was nearly unrecognizable except for the fact that Dean would know that face anywhere, in any condition. He would know that trench coat and that stupid crooked tie. Cas.
As he massaged his slick fingers over each feather individually, it lost its complete inky blackness and developed an almost blue sheen to it. It was mesmerizing watching the wings come to life under his hands.
Dean sighed, the mood well and truly killed at the second mention of Sam. “Yeah. We check in every couple days. He’s back home finishing his last year of high school and then he’ll probably apply for law somewhere.”
“Cas it’s me.” His eyes adjusted and the world around him fell into place with a disorienting jolt. This was a hospital room. That was Dean.
Even in the dark, Castiel could see how pale he was, the colour completely drained from his face. Dean’s teeth were clenched, remembering some past pain, and his chest heaved as he gasped in each breath like he was fighting for it.
Dean laughed and pulled two clean cups off the drying rack, filling them with milk and setting them down on the coffee table. A few minutes into the episode, the oven timer chimed and Dean grabbed a dish towel and took the pan out of the oven. He balanced it over the sink and wondered vaguely when he would decide to buy one of those heat protectant counter thingies for hot pans. He scraped the cookies onto a plate with a spatula and ceremoniously offered the plate to Cas, who took a gooey cookie and blew on it gently to cool it down.
It took a couple months, but they eventually settled into some sort of rhythm. Dean tried to keep his hunts close by, but sometimes a case a couple days out required his attention. On those day, Cas found himself pacing. He never slept well without Dean in his arms. If he wasn’t at the bar, he spent long hours clicking his phone on and off, watching the minutes tick by. He picked up extra shifts and Crowley loved him for it.
They walked out into the late afternoon sunshine. The air smelled sweetly of the start of summer, and Dean relaxed into it. It had been a damned long time since he’d had the luxury of a laid back afternoon with his brother, and he was determined to enjoy it.
Sam neatly slit her throat and her head lolled to the side before dropping, followed by the heavy thump of her body as he let her go.
“I um. I -” he swallowed. “I wrote you a letter. Here.” He shoved the page at Dean, who didn’t reach out to take it. Instead, he looked left and right and the lingering classmates that were listening in on the conversation, not bothering to hide their curiosity.
The man stumbled off the barstool and followed Cas outside. The night air was so cold that it hurt to inhale and Cas immediately knew he made the right choice offering the dude a place to stay. He would have died staying out here all night. He was shivering in his thin leather jacket as it was.
“Dean! Are you going to just sit there or are you going to help us out?” Henry called from his sprawl in the sand. He had dived for the ball and missed gloriously.
The teacher, a stout black man with an impressive head of dreadlocks, jumped right into the syllabus once the bell rang. Twice during the class, Castiel was tempted to ask if he could go to the bathroom, not because he had to go, but because he wanted to make sure the tattoo was still there; a guarantee that the love of his life was still alive.
Sam gestured slowly to his pocket and the pieces finally clicked into place for Dean. He had a lighter. Rougarou were killed with fire.
Dean looked at him, wanting to believe the words, wanting so badly it showed plain as daylight on his face. Cas pulled him into a half twisted hug.
the lengths Castiel had to go through his whole life, trying to hide those huge and ugly marks. Sure, they were red and inflamed and painful on him, but they looked a thousand times worse against Castiel’s skin.
The boys fell into a comfortable silence, interrupted only by the occasional grumble about some hard ass professor. Two hours later, their schoolwork for the year had been organized somewhat and they had outlined some tentative plays they wanted to try when the new team was finalized.
The professor stepped up to the podium and Dean opened a blank document on his laptop to take notes. At some point during the lecture, Benny confirmed the lunch plan, but Dean didn’t answer. He was too busy focusing on what the professor was saying; so focused in fact that her words lost all their meaning and became just noise. He scrawled down some dates here and there but overall his notes were spotty enough that he would need to read through the textbook to figure out what the hell was taught in the last two hours.
He made an effort and healed a couple of the bruises on his torso just to prove that he was okay now. It was a valiant effort, but left him breathing hard, pathetically.
“You find the sign of each factor on each interval,” Cas drew a quick table to show what he meant. “Then you know that between the numbers, the sign is negative, away from them, the sign is positive, so the answer is this.” He pointed with his pencil to the number line he had drawn at the top of the page.
Dean let out a deep sigh, like he couldn’t believe Sam was asking this of him, but Cas caught the shift in his demeanour. He felt the slight tremor in his fingers that hadn’t been there before. Whatever Sam wanted him to do, something was seriously wrong.
2. You know how some people get intrusive thoughts? I get intrusive story endings. For a wild couple minutes, I let myself imagine the worst possible ending for this, and although I won’t make it happen, it was evil enough that I have to share it. Go on and imagine this for a moment;
Dean looked crushed, and Cas knew he had said the wrong thing, but he didn’t know how to fix it now.
doing to you Dean.” I’ve never heard her this upset and I was starting to think this was a bad idea telling Anna.
I don’t remember when it had happened but at some point during my time at this prep school I started looking forward to talking to Castiel.
“Hmmm but I can’t give it to you just like that,” He exclaimed sarcastically, his smirk getting bigger the more distressed I got.
After tying the strings to the black sweatpants Castiel finally arrived and he was only wearing a towel.
I noticed Castiel glare at that interaction and once he made eye contact with Ben through the mirror I knew he was upset. “Don’t speak,” he coldly ordered him and Ben immediately looked away from us.
I looked up at Castiel to see if there was any remorse in his eyes from what he did but I only saw pure amusement swimming in those blue orbs of his.
Looking up from the ground sitting in front of me was probably the most beautiful boy I have ever seen in my life. He looked perfect. His dark hair was a wavy mess and his blue eyes stunned me because of how vibrant the color was.
Laughter was all I heard around me and I hated that even the teachers were afraid to stand up to him. Money really was power, and I had absolutely none of it.
“Cas honey you’re gonna be late for school if you don’t hurry up.” I heard my mother call from downstairs as I was changing.
I’ll let him think I warmed up to him, and then when he opens up with me and finally confesses that he likes me, I’ll hit him where it hurts. Maybe then he’ll finally break.
Maybe she’s right. Maybe I should stop caring about what Castiel thinks and I should stop caring about him in general.
“Just wear my clothes idiot,” he interrupted and rolled his eyes. “And it would be an even bigger burden for you to smell like that when we have work to do.”
“Dude I haven't seen you in over a week, is it illegal to check up on you now?” He asked and I already knew he was wearing a dramatic expression on his face.
Before I could even take a step forward to leave the classroom I suddenly felt strong arms putting pressure on my waist and looking down I realized Dean was hugging me. His face was buried into my neck and I couldn’t help but tug onto his soft hair and run through the golden strands.
“I’ll go use the guest shower next door while you go into mine and pick out whatever you think will fit from my closet. You better be done in under ten minutes because that’s when I’ll be back.” He warned and left the room, leaving me here like the jerk he is to guess where everything is located.
“Holy shit. He’s fucking disgusting I don’t know why you still haven’t told any teachers or your parents about the shit he does and has
“I see you’ve made yourself comfortable,” he smirked and I just realized I was leaning on my elbow and laying on his bed. Quickly getting up, I sat on the chair by his desk and pulled out the assignment from my backpack without a word.
After the kiss it was like I was in a lucid dream. Nothing at the moment felt real but at the same time I still felt in control with myself. To Castiel I must have looked like a complete idiot the way I was staring at him after the kiss but he had no clue on what I felt on the inside. The one word that comes to mind though was that I was completely and utterly
“C-castiel?” I heard a soft voice ask behind me, interrupting my thoughts. Snapping out of my day dream I realized I was one of the only ones left sitting here in class.
Remembering that I had to be done in under ten minutes I had to forcibly stop myself from standing around and I quickly left the shower once I was finished cleaning my body.
Those were their names? I shrugged and finished up my breakfast, making sure not to say a word to Sally or whatever her name was just to spite my mother.
“Out of my way,” He pushed me out of the entrance of his closet and I fell onto the ground behind him dumbfounded. Slamming the closet door in my face I stood up to sit on the bed and I couldn’t keep my hands out of my face because of how embarrassed I was.
“You wanted me here so badly so I could be your personal typer? You didn’t even care if all of the words were your own?” I asked and I’m finally realizing why he wanted us to ‘work together.’ That sly asshole.
“Sir,” he said and bowed, looking away from us. Castiel rudely ignored his presence and threw his book bag at him while walking into the car, the man then put the bag in the front seat.
To piss him off, I looked up at him as if that earlier altercation never happened and gave him one of my biggest, most friendliest smiles.
He was poor, the scholarship student at that, and he only had a single friend. Yet he always had a positive attitude and was kind to everyone, even to me.
“Ow!” I cried, upset that someone would do this. “What was that for?” I turned around to see who tripped me and my anger was completely washed away in an instant.
“I didn’t touch your schedule,” He laughed and I realized there was no way he would have seen it since he was away during break.
“You do realize you’re siding with the antagonist of the book, you know...the villain, right?” I said and I don’t even know why I’m surprised at this point considering who I’m speaking to.
Hypnotized, my eyes followed him walking confidently into the school as he ignored everyone who stared in envy.
“Oh Dean, you're too soft. That personality of yours is the reason why people walk all over you.” He stopped to laugh for a moment, the sound was as cruel as it was beautiful. “If anyone and I mean
“Well?” I heard Castiel ask, “aren’t you gonna come in?” He raised an eyebrow at me and it finally dawned on me that I was the one he was speaking to.
“W-why Castiel, why can’t we just be friends?” I asked dumbly, the need to be close to him still hasn’t gone away even despite everything he’s done.
