“Hey,” Steve exclaimed around the shuffling of fabric, the jacket in Tony’s hand shifting but never slipping loose as Steve changed positions. “I’m here, Tony. I’m right here. Can you hear me?”
It was his favorite because it had been hers.
That...was not what he had been expecting. “No,” Tony answered with a little more force than was probably necessary, but it was hard to get out of his defensive mindset once in it. “No, I told him to not even think about it because if he doesn’t keep his hands off his son, my lawyers will be coming for him first.”
Steve started at the mumbled phrase he wasn’t even sure was English.  “Sorry?”
Steve plucked off a piece of chocolate…
happened. He said he’d find you sometimes looking up at them and it was like...like you were so calm. Comforted by them. And it killed me to know that that comfort had been taken from you. Especially as a consequence of you nearly sacrificing yourself to save millions of lives. It isn’t right.”
“I love you, too, but what is this about? You’re freaking me out a little, here.”
“What? No, nothing’s there. What do you mean?” Tony asked far too quickly.
“No, no of course not, just um...I-” In his effort to keep the wrappings blocked from view, he brushed them too far until they trickled to the floor. Steve bent down to pick them up.
Steve couldn’t resist catching the digits between his teeth in a playful nip before releasing them in favor of chewing the piece of dark chocolate while giving Tony a silently questioning stare.
“I need you to know that that’s true. Every word.”
“Whatever,” Tony scoffed as he continued on past Steve and toward the kitchen.
“Are you looking for something?”
“You gonna finish those?”
.he was safe if Steve was here. Of course he was.
It was passionate and sexy and…odd. Not ‘bad’ odd, not even a little. It was actually one of their better kisses, but there was definitely something a off about it. He’d say it was the chocolate, which was certainly something new, but if anything, the bitter sweetness of the dark chocolate mixed with Tony was hot as hell, and they were definitely going to have a discussion about that at a later point when his tongue wasn’t so preoccupied with Tony’s, which seemed to be doing it’s own acrobatic act into every corner of his…oh. Oooh.
Tony’s fingers stilled. It had been a while since he’d even allowed himself to recall any of the stories at all, much less well enough to retell them. It had always been a painful endeavor to remember his mother’s voice reiterating the same words he’d heard a thousand times and would still give anything to hear her say again.
Steve barely managed to bite back a sigh but made up for it in the intensity of an unseen eye-roll. “The drive was barely over two hours, Tony. And we’ve only been walking for ten minutes.”
And now, hearing the fruits of his labors put in so many words, that Tony trusted him enough to not even let it be a question anymore, made Steve want to pull him in and kiss every syllable as they slipped from Tony’s lips. He only hoped he wasn’t testing that new founded unequivocal trust beyond its limits with what he was about to do.
Steve hummed in affirmation. “Once, when I was sick. I don’t know if I can remember them all, it’s been so long, but...um, I think I remember one about Perseus. Didn’t he….yeah, he used Medusa’s head to kill the sea monster and rescue….oh what was her name … An … An-something?”
So many….so….Why are there so many? Too many, they were surrounding him, trapping him, encasing him...imprisoning him in heat and fire and beauty and fear and...so, so many….far too many...
Tony was saved from coming up with a response when Steve continued with his explanation. “Rhodey told me one night about how you used to like looking at the stars. Before the whole
Jarvis…..Jarvis, please...please don’t go….
Tony couldn’t stand the matching defeated tone to Steve’s words. Steve should never sound like that, especially when he was insinuating that Tony could ever feel anything less than unequivocally safe with him, which was just so very far from the truth.
“Goddess of the hunt,” Steve supplied quickly, followed by a sheepish squeeze to Tony, “I um...I know that one.”
He started to pull Tony in that direction but Tony dug in his heels. “That’s it?”
Steve leaned against the counter and took a sip his water. “Are you okay?”
Okay, he could think of something. What could cause this? What could cause this? Where had he been? It could have been an injury from assembling the arm...no, Steve knew he’d never have let the kid work on something that had any potential to cause injury. Plus the hospital would have supplied actual bandages. He’d been in the car, maybe he'd slammed his hand in the door. Yeah, that sounded plausible, right?
Even when they were fighting, Steve would do something - leave a sketch of DUM-E or Butterfingers for Tony to find in the shop, have Happy deliver an oddly shaped pez dispenser he’d found during his most recent thrift shop adventure - to make sure that Tony smiled as often as he deserved.
It had only been a moment. Steve’s eye line strayed down to look at the basket at his feet, planning a way to discreetly retrieve the tools needed to conserve the exact expression on Tony’s face, how the curves and lines had never seemed quite so soft, and thinking of how best to capture such elegance with the few pencils he’d brought. He’d only looked away for a moment. But it was the wrong moment.
“Better be,” Tony muttered as he went back to fiddling with the tablet. “Took me and JARVIS five simulations to get the size-energy ratio where it needed to be.”
Okay, Steve showered pretty efficiently when alone which meant Tony only had another few minutes. He reluctantly opened the package and separated one of the bandages at the perforation and stripped it. Ugh...so much purple.
Tony couldn’t hold back his smile. “No, they did not. And certainly not the Greeks. They had no qualms with striking down us mortals. Do you know the story of Orion?”
Tony, fully amused and thoroughly charmed, shook his head endearingly and continued. “Yes, that Artemis. She was impressed with his skill and would tell stories to the other gods about him. Orion, male that he was, wanted to further impress Artemis so he went out and killed every animal he could find and laid them at her door step.”
Even still, he didn't dare look away, forcing himself to remember this moment, the way the metal reflected the light, the exact shade of white-blue light the reactor shone, the precise way Tony held his body when holding himself still mid-flight. He saw it all and memorized every piece, every detail. Even as his vision blurred, he took to furiously blinking as opposed to turning to scrub them dry - the thought of not being able to see Tony right then, for even a moment, was endlessly terrifying.
For a moment, Tony went completely still several moments before he adamantly shook his head no. A heavy weight dropped hard in Steve’s stomach.
“I…guess?”
He had to get away!
“I know Orion’s belt but…” He left the rest of that sentence hanging, feeling the strokes of Tony’s fingers shift to start forming a new design, sparking a thought that maybe Tony was tracing the constellation designs from memory.
“If it helps, there is a box of Hawkeye themed Band-Aids in the kitchen drawer. I believe Mr. Barton left them some days ago.”
A dark shape making a quick movement in the corner of his eye was enough to spark his reflexes as his head swiveled….to find Tony at the wall beside the couch, seemingly correcting the angle of a hanging picture.
And with that, Tony told him the story of Hades kidnapping Persephone, and Demeter freezing over the mortal world in demand of her daughter back. Of Zeus having to bargain with them both for a peace that would leave the humans cold and cropless for only the three months of the year that Persephone would be required to be with Hades, hence the winter season.
“He’s eight years old.”
With another eye roll just to make sure his annoyance was clear, Steve took up the last piece of chocolate and held it out to Tony with a pointed look. “If you wanted a piece, you could have just asked.”
Tony silently counted every inhale, measuring each one carefully and exactly -
“Can I see?”
A jolt traveled through his every nerve, sending his body into a single convulsing twitch that left him stiff and rigid.
“Would never dream of it, sir,” JARVIS sassed back.
But she’s not there. She’s not here. She can’t help….
Steve brought both of the the other’s hands to rest on his shoulders and leaned in to press his lips to Tony’s. He’d meant it to be simple kiss, a kind of distraction as he reached up to remove the blindfold, but once it was off, Tony’s arms snaked further around Steve’s neck to pull him in and kiss him harder, deeper, wasting no time in pressing his tongue into Steve’s mouth and kissing the very breath from him.
They stood breathing each other’s air, Steve basking in the feeling of Tony’s fingers carding through the hair at the back of his neck absentmindedly, when he felt more than saw Tony’s lips move to form a comment.
Steve was already shaking his head vehemently, a nauseatingly heavy stone dropping painfully in his gut. “No.”
Tony didn’t even look up, deciding instead to walk straight to the toaster, picked it up in both hands, and brought it to eye level to peer inside its slots, completely ignoring the shower of crumbs that cascaded to the counter. “Nope.”
And Steve probably would have been perfectly able to support Tony in this by keeping him as far from the night sky and as distracted as possible whenever needed, until…
When Steve thinks back on this evening, he will be forever amazed to think that all it took – from removing the blindfold and kissing Tony, holding him in his arms, to now – had happened in the span of mere seconds. Seconds, apparently, were all they would be allowed before this beautiful moment was all so painfully shattered.
Nonetheless, he took a breath and bit his lip as he nodded resolutely. Then remembered that Tony couldn’t see it. “Yes. We’re here.”
Tony leaned back just enough to look at the presented triangle of goodness, then back up to Steve with a blank stare.
Tony tilted his head for a moment before agreeing. “Okay.”
“Please? At least let me make sure you cleaned it properly. Is it bad?”
“Fine, but you know I’d never let you fall.”
Tony blinked, coming back out of his own mind at Steve’s question. “It’s from China,” Tony explained, trying to pass off his throat clearing as nothing more than a reaction from the late winter air. “Though you’d never know it by how the Japanese celebrate it.”
Steve rolled his eyes with an exasperated but endeared smile, and added in a mollifying tone, “I’m sure Sam will be very grateful. And even if he’s not, I’m sure proud of you.”
Steve felt Tony smile against him. His fingers distractedly began to draw out a pattern along Steve’s clavicle. “The man who slayed the beast and saved the beautiful maiden, Andromeda,” Tony iterated with something of an epic tone in his voice. “Yeah, Mom liked that one.” There was a moment of silence before he added, “You know the whole reason Andromeda was even strung up for Cetus to eat was because Cassiopeia, her mother, was too vain. And with the sacrifice of her daughter unfulfilled, Cassiopeia’s punishment was to be hung upside-down in the stars. Apparently a very unflattering position.”
Steve beamed. “I-”
And yet without any thought on his part, there was one story that stood out above all the others. One that he remembered with a particular fondness that ran so deep, it was the one story he had never been able to bring himself to recall in the few times he’d allowed himself to indulge in across the years, if only because no simple memory could ever have amounted to the real thing. It had always seemed wrong to even try to recreate it since nothing would ever be able to do it justice.
Tony wasn’t sure how to respond to that. Rhodey was not exactly known for being subtle, especially when it came to Tony, and most especially when it came to Tony’s well-being. He was more the ‘Everyone and your kid-gloves, stand back while I pick up this useless idiot and shove food down his goddamn throat before locking him in his room. Jarvis, don’t you dare let him out until he’s slept for at least a day,’ type, a sentiment which Steve seemed to have adopted even before they’d started dating; though after they did, Steve hadn’t needed Jarvis’s help to ensure Tony stayed in bed.
He had to do it. He had to save them. He had to die to save them.
Tony made an affirming noise in the back of his throat.
Another gust of wind breezed past and it only reminded him of how under-clothed he was. Where was his jacket? He could have sworn he’d been wearing one. Steve had said something about him throwing off his jacket. Stupid.
Steve was struck speechless for a moment, something akin to pride and absolute adoration blooming deep within his chest. It had taken months and no small amount of effort to get Tony past that crippling sense of I’m-not-worthy-of-you. It never failed to leave Steve heartsick each time he saw it pass through Tony’s eyes, like he was fully expecting, even waiting for, the moment Steve realized what a fuck up Tony was and just deciding he wasn’t worth the effort. Each time Tony had tried to pull away, it had only made Steve hold onto him tighter, refusing to let that be what tore them apart. Steve would make it his personal mission to love Tony all the more, put his everything into it to show Tony that there was nothing more worth fighting for than what they had and that he would never turn his back on it for anything, until even Tony couldn’t argue against it.
“Shut up, of course you’re going to get it,” Clint scowled, folding his arms, “Nat, read the question.”
“I’m here,” he croaked, “Sorry, I just—yeah, honey. I’m coming home to you and Daddy. I promise. You keep him in line for me, okay? Make sure he eats just as many vegetables as he’s been making you eat.”
“Yeah,” he murmured, reaching up to pet the soft curls on PJ’s head, “He’ll probably be a
Tony scowled and took Peter back, using the baby’s sweet scent to calm his mind. He tried to lean up against Rhodey for comfort, but the Alpha crossed his arms and stared until Tony gave up his stubborn routine.
could have found them and taken them for themselves and used them as bargaining chips to Stark’s throne. Then they would have
Tony grinned at that, putting his other hand on his hip.
, but apparently, that is unacceptable to you."
, he reminded himself, taking a deep breath to still his nerves,
“What? There is an allure in wanting to know what lies beneath.”
Beta'd by @lylilunapotter.
“…Protective,” Tony laughed, “Women won’t beat up paparazzi. But, y’know, sometimes I wish they would.”
Once the cup was put back down and wasn’t in danger of being spilled, Steve leaned in to carefully draw Tony into his arms, burying his face in the other man’s neck. He sniffled and pressed a soft kiss to his skin, only starting to settle when he felt Tony’s hands move to his hair and back.
Steve sniffled and nodded, taking the clipboard and her offered pen. He clicked it and began to fill out the packet, momentarily thankful for his eidetic memory to be able to remember their healthcare information and social security numbers off the top of his head. It took the better part of an hour to finish the paperwork, giving him ample time to disassociate from the thoughts rattling around in his head. However, as soon as he returned the packet to the nurse and turned his back to the nurses’ station, his face crumpled and he broke, having to bite down on his bottom lip to keep from crying out loud. He wasn’t there when Tony needed him the most,
“Well, try not to. We need to clean up.”
him? He is enormous--”
The room was dead silent.
“I think so. No fever, just complaining of a stomach ache. What did he have to eat earlier?” Bruce asked.
“I’m surprised you cannot taste it, Barton,” Thor piped up, ripping off another bite of pancake to put into his mouth, “Even I recognize the sweetness of breastmilk.”
“Tonight,” Tony said simply.
. It was just a nightmare. You’re safe with me,” Tony murmured as they walked, silently hoping that it was late enough that no one would be out.
Tony looked to Thor and reached out, taking Peter back into his arms. He showed the baby to Steve, smiling when the Warlord relaxed once he could see that the babe was calm. In fact, Peter gurgled and moved an arm to wave at Steve, attempting to grab at his beard. Enthused, Steve leaned down, laughing at the baby’s weak grip. Tony’s heart filled with warmth at the sight.
hideous.”
“I am merely figuring out how to take you to the mat without embarrassing you too much, your grace.”
“—I thought that maybe we could have this. Y’know. A kid. A family. White picket fence, apple-pie lifestyle. I’d go on to be, I don’t know, a police officer or a firefighter, she’d be a secretary, and then a homemaker when we had our own pack. But, of course, that wasn’t in the cards. Never was. I see that now. Perhaps it was better that way. Her husband was an excellent man, and with him, she never lost her spark. Went on to be a great woman, friend, founder—”
“I do not want to leave you here when you are hurting like this,” Tony murmured, grabbing a bar and tilting his head against it, “I might be a little angry, but I know it was all a misunderstanding. I do not blame you for getting so heated… if it had been somebody else you were fighting with, perhaps I would have enjoyed it.”
“Sleep, love. I’ll wake you up when we’re getting ready to go to the airport,” Tony murmured, carding his fingers through Steve’s hair, “Okay?”
“You tried. It’s fine,” Tony murmured, thinking back to elementary school, “Just a few more years, then I’ll be in college and he can’t get me anymore.”
“Do you think we will be alright?” Steve asked quietly.
They looked at each other for a moment before bursting into laughter, however sad it was. Startled by the noise, PJ sat up, looking at the two adults in confusion. He slipped his thumb into his mouth with a soft whine, tugging on his pajama shirt.
He wasn’t particularly used to sleeping through the night without waking up in a cold sweat, so when grunting woke him up instead of a nightmare, Tony groaned and buried himself under the covers, scooting back into the warm body behind him in an attempt to savor the moment. Steve made a noise and his arm tightened a fraction around his waist, but another grunt came from
“Well, go on, you do not want to keep your Alpha unsatisfied,” Rhodey teased, moving his eyebrows suggestively.
With a grunt, Tony turned PJ around, setting him on his other knee so he was facing Pepper. She cooed softly, reaching to gently pick up one of his tiny hands.
“I—I am sorry, I do not understand,” Tony tried.
Putting the finished book down, Steve realized he’d started crying as a tear dropped onto his slacks, staining the spot. He put his head in his hands and sucked in a shuddery breath as he tried to comprehend what he’d read.
“No. It’s—ah—it’s part of your gift,” Tony explained, setting the box on the table but not sliding it over, “I know—I know we don’t exchange physical gifts, but I’ve been thinking about this one for a while, and—”
“Not too bad. I think he gets upset when you’re not there, though,” Steve answered quietly, “He definitely is more attached to you.”
“He looked pretty frazzled and asked if there was anything he could do to help PJ’s transition into Tower life,” She confirmed, “Some boxes had already arrived, so he’s been doing that for the past twenty minutes or so. However long you were in the kitchen with PJ.”
They stood quietly as they watched the fire, listening to it crackle and spark. As Steve shifted behind him, Tony hummed, tilting his head back to look up at him.
“Meet the Robinsons,” He answered, grinning at Steve’s groan of disdain.
“Good—good job, did so well for me, I’m so sorry it hurt though, darling,” He murmured, running his hand down Steve’s side as he played with his sweat-soaked hair, “We need to get dressed and head into sleep. Or find a place to wash.”
“No, no I did not mean—ugh, I need to learn your language as soon as I can,” He grumbled, shaking his head at Steve, “It is
“Riiight,” Sam drawled, “That’s why he—ow!”
He made a noise of acknowledgment, only to whimper when Steve gently rolled him onto his side and sat up on his elbow, looking down at him with concern.
Tony quickly started to nibble on the food, growling as Steve came into his peripheral.
“Wow,” he breathed, finally forcing himself to move to the water’s edge.
“I really hate the desert.”
down. But an army? We already know that HYDRA’s got the Winter Soldier project stuff. They’ll just zap ‘em all and that’ll be that.”
Steve nodded and hefted himself up, momentarily concerned about not waking up when Tony had obviously moved to get out of bed, but he pushed the thoughts away, following Bucky like a lost puppy until they found Rhodey waiting with Tony. He immediately brightened and scampered to Tony’s side, eagerly picking up his hand to hold.
“Okay,” Tony whispered softly, forcing himself to pull away so he could get another look at the radiant smile on Steve’s face, “Gonna miss you too, Steeb.”
Clinton scoffed next to him, to which Tony looked down, raising both eyebrows.
“Hello, Mother,” Tony said softly, not wanting to accidentally scare her as he so often did, “We’re here.”
Steve lifted his head again, watching as PJ shifted closer. Awkwardly, the child stood and toddled over completely, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck.
wrong
“Blue,” PJ said decisively, jabbing his finger at the outer glass of the arc reactor, “Pretty.”
, and
“He looks about ready to cry,” Rhodey cooed, giggling when Tony turned his head to glare at him, “What? Clearly, you have tamed the big bad wolf. He is nothing more than a hapless pup next to you.”
“I was just showin’ Sam! I was gonna give it back!” Bucky grumbled, folding his arms over his chest.
“Jesus, Tony, you don’t have to put it like that,” Steve grumbled, kicking off his sneakers and undoing his belt, “I never protested.”
“They have lobster-flavored ice cream?”
“You knew that this is what was making me hurt,” He accused fondly, “My smart boy, putting up a fuss to try and help his father, hm?”
Tony finally looked up to see Steve standing over him with his blanket, now even
“Friends?”
All too familiar and just a little higher in pitch, PJ’s stuttered giggle—the same one Steve made when he told a dirty joke—made Tony’s eyes widen enough that the boy stopped, immediately taking his palm away again and curling up again.
“Sleep, little one,” he murmured in their native dialect, “Papa will not let anyone hurt you. He will soon be with us again and you can have all the attention you want from him. Maybe we can get you to say Papa by then, hm? Surprise him?”
“Maybe Rhodey would like time with him,” he conceded, “He has not seen much of Peter and I am sure he would be happy to watch after him for us. Plus, since he is in the infirmary, Bruce will also be there to watch in case something goes wrong… but you know we will get teased, yes?”
Steve growled and closed their bedroom door, keeping his back to Tony as he gathered himself. Once he turned around, Tony offered up a small smile, holding his hand out to beckon Steve over. He wiggled his fingers, taking Steve’s hand once the Alpha was close enough.
“And? Something funny, Barton?” He snapped.
“Do not lie to Bruce. He is only trying to help you,” he scolded.
Immediately, he was accosted by Steve and dragged away to a more private area where Steve could look him over, cupping his large hands around Tony’s face to brush his thumbs over his cheeks. He was concerned: Tony could feel it radiating off of the Alpha.
He snapped his head up at the voice, momentarily relaxing when he saw that his feet had guided him to Steve in the throne room. However, that calmness faded into fear as he took in the others and their paint, and
took in the young man carefully painting lines onto Steve’s chest. Without thinking, Tony growled loudly, causing everyone in the room to jump at the Omega’s tone. The young man stumbled and dropped his paintbrush, scattering to hide behind the throne.
A screen on the dashboard flickered to life with a GPS and Tony set the car in reverse, resetting his mirrors as he turned out of the cabin’s driveway to roar out of the jungle. At first, the drive was smooth, but at a few soft pops, Tony looked at Steve through the rearview mirror, catching the familiar creased-brow look.
“Alright,” Steve replied after a beat, “But I’m holding you to it.”
, he blacked out.
He paused, hesitant.
Steve’s whine was more than enough of an answer, so Tony nodded, leaning up to kiss him again.
“A what?”
“You went and bonded with your enemy’s son. I think you are beyond not doing certain things,” Natasha said calmly.
Tony watched his Mother leave, but as soon as the swelling in his heart threatened tears, Steve’s drawing was slid in front of him with ‘TONY’ in large block letters scrawled on the bottom right corner.
He sat down with his kindling and twigs next to Natasha’s stone pit and quickly built up a sustainable pyre, lighting the kindling underneath of it and blowing on the embers to coax out a fire. As it was consuming the twigs, Tony added on more, nodding once he determined it would burn for a while. At least, long enough until he could get logs.
“As I thought. Put on pants,” he said.
He eased his hand onto Steve’s shoulder, and when the other didn’t flinch, slowly reached up to pull his hands away from his ears. Carefully, Tony unfolded Steve from his uncomfortable position, not surprised to see the blank look in the other’s eyes.
“We do not care about pairing designations in our colony,” Thor continued, “Bonds are stronger when chosen by the people, not by their designations. We have many same-designation couples and parents who have children and are quite happy together. None will be bothered that young Peter was born of two Omegas, I promise you.”
“After you,” Steve said, holding the door for Tony.
He closed the book and set it aside before turning to PJ, smiling at the boy fast asleep on his chest. Realizing he couldn’t move, Tony sighed, but opted to let his mind wander instead of calling to JARVIS for someone to bring him work to do. Relaxing back in the chair, he closed his eyes, idly petting PJ’s soft curls as childhood memories filled his head: there, in the piano room, Maria sitting by his side at the age of four, a gentle hand on his back in encouragement as he nimbly played ‘Three Blind Mice’ from memory. He flashed forward, seeing himself at age six, curled up by Maria’s side as she read
“Hey, come on, this isn’t like you,” He tried, starting to feel his shirt collar get wet, “I’ve never seen you this upset, it’s—we can—shit, Steve, I’ve been high out of my mind for a year wishing you’d just talk to me again, I know I’m not going to be able to dump you on your ass like that, okay? Fuck, man. The worst year of my life has been the one where you’re not in it. I’m not stupid enough to ignore that. Alright? We—we won’t be what we were, but we can get there. I think. I need a hell of a lot of therapy first.”
“Steve, please. You are scaring
Tony falls ill and forces Steve to come to an understanding about Peter.
“But—the oak?” He asked, thoroughly enjoying the deep shade of red that Steve’s face was turning.
“Fine. What?”
“Since Tony decided he wanted to dick down someone who broke his heart.”
“This meeting is adjourned,” Steve muttered.
“No, not at all,” Rhodey said, a hint of a smile on his lips.
percent a look, honeybear. I know what that look means, too, and
“I wasn’t going to ask you to.”
“Alright, class dismissed,” Coulson finally said, starting to erase the whiteboard, “Head to the soccer field after lunch. It’ll be a good warmup for the game after school today.”
“I suppose. But I’d like to try and make amends for it anyway.”
He couldn’t help but laugh at that, nodding as he reached up to wipe the budding tears on his face.
He waved a hand at Tony’s bonding site.
“Tony, all Omegas produce milk for their offspring, regardless of being the life giver or birther,” Thor said patiently, “Has your chest not felt sore or thick? Peter has been born, so you should have been producing by now—perhaps it will begin in a few days’ time? Stress can prevent Omegas from producing...fluids.”
in it. Even though he tried to see, tried to understand the pull of parenthood, the constant nagging fear of turning out to be just like Howard settled like stones in his gut. For Pepper, he’d put in the effort, read the books, and did all he could to make himself into the person she had wanted him to be. Sure, he loved to visit with children, both out in public and during quiet nights at the orphanage, but having a charge of his own? He could barely take care of himself, some days.
at relationships, and I wasn’t about to break
Steve blinked slowly, flicking his gaze back and forth as though he could not decide which of Tony’s eyes he wanted to look at.
“I will wait down the hall to give you privacy,” she said, not taking her eyes off of Steve, “If he tries anything--”
Not waiting for an answer, he stepped into the room, toeing off his slippers before sitting on the edge of the bed. PJ made a noise at the movement, soon blinking open his eyes sleepily.
“I cannot believe you pulled that stunt,” Steve was grousing again, his arms folded over his chest as he watched PJ to make sure the child didn’t try to open the doors, “You could have gotten us killed.”
“You’re saying that to me, Tony,” Steve reminded gently, putting a hand on his shoulder, “You’re stressed. It’s pretty normal when you suddenly have a superpowered toddler on your hands.”
“Aw, hell,” Tony grumbled under his breath.
He hobbled around the cell and checked under the beds, but as he suspected, he came up empty. With anxiety and worry building in his chest, Tony put a hand over the reactor, momentarily wondering if it was possible for the machine to pop out on its own from the pressure in his heart. Taking a seat on one of the beds, he put his head in his hands, taking a deep breath. He sat like that for only a moment, until he realized he had at least one advantage:
“A pizza. Pepperoni, sausage, anchovies, and pineapple. With a large cup of black coffee,” he decided.
, Tony. Baby, I promise you it’s not bad and I’m going to still love you after I read it. You have nothing to be afraid of,” Steve said seriously, making sure Tony met his eyes, “I love you, Mr. Stark-Rogers. There is nothing in that box that will ever make me reconsider that. I promise.”
“Shh, my darling, I know, this morning was supposed to be about you and me, huh?” He whispered in the Southern dialect, gently rocking them back and forth while he pressed kisses to the baby’s cheeks, “You are alright, little one. Daddy’s here, I have you, no need to cry.”
“Yup.”
why you’ve been avoiding me? Not because you want to kill me and kick me off the team—which, let’s face it, probably isn’t a bad idea since I’m the absolute
“Pa?” Peter asked in a wobbly voice.
time he had been fingered open today, and it seemed that Steve was being more thorough this time around by stopping every now and again to add more ointment. It was goddamn
Tony raised an eyebrow at that.
Tony wanted to glare, but he tucked it down and smiled at the group, reaching his good arm up to accept Pepper’s teary hug.
“Come now, Prince. You must not let yourself be so dramatic,” a voice said next to him, “Steve would never let him take you away, let alone get close to you. You will be safe in the castle while we are away. The good doctor will keep your mind occupied and your hands busy, and soon it will be like we had never even left. I promise you.”
“He’s a redhead person. Just is,” Tony shrugged, rolling his eyes as PJ peeked out again to look at Natasha, “Natty, dear—”
, I really—”
Steve bit down on his lip and nodded, letting out a shaky breath once Tony was done. Tony patted his side and readied a needle with thread, eyeing up how he was going to stitch the wound.
“Sleep, little rabbit. You have had a rough morning,” he said quietly, gently rubbing circles on Tony’s stomach, “Sleep will--”
, Tony scooped PJ up and sat him on the counter where he could kick his feet and watch.
“I,” he said once he found his breath, “I think I am falling for him more than I thought I ever would. He looks at Peter and me with such a strange look in his eyes and a relaxed smile on his face… He already makes me feel valued. Perhaps my bar is too low, but if he keeps it up, he may make a wife out of me sooner than he thought.”
“Holy fuck,” he repeated slowly, “You’re in love with me.”
“Can we see what Steve drew ya?”
Steve stared at Tony for a good thirty seconds before mouthing ‘what the hell,’ then sinking down in his chair and grunting at the pain. Tony covered it with a loud cough, smiling when Coulson looked over at them suspiciously. As soon as he turned away, Tony looked back over at Steve, trying not to laugh at his obvious pout.
Tony winced when the boy wailed louder, barely resisting putting his hands up over his ears. He reached out toward Thor and looked at him pleadingly, hoping that the man would understand. Thor fumbled with the wineskins but eventually handed one over, and after Tony had tasted it to make sure it was milk, he tipped it down for Peter to drink from.
“Love, our entire relationship is a paradox of cradle robbing. I don’t think me jerking you off because you liked some badly written porn about us is going to make the universe end,” Tony said with a laugh, leaning up to give Steve a slow kiss.
“No, Tony,” Bruce snorted, looking up from his microscope to roll his eyes, “Since we only have an average time, let’s go around two years of age. Height-wise and weight-wise, he’s just under what a normal two-year-old boy should be. And, of course—”
“Steve, please.” His love casts distraught eyes at him, the brown swallowed by black pupils. Slack jawed, Tony starts to crawl towards Steve, and it breaks whatever spell has been cast over him. Steve moves, arms coming to link under Tony’s and scoop up his bottom.
Tony grasps himself in hand, timing his strokes to Bucky’s, wanting with a desperation bordering on profound to come together with him. The other man smiles down at him in acknowledgement, looking so pleased and connected with Tony’s pleasure. If it could always be like this, Tony could just die with happiness.
He thinks that maybe he could live for this, to be this, for Steve.
The door opens and clunks behind him. It’s emptier than last time, and there’s a priest or brother at the front of the church tidying up the pulpit. It must be after some event, because he’s carrying some table cloths bundled in his arms.
“You know what? Fuck you.” Tony starts tearing off his shirt, leaving his undershirt on. He yanks his pants off, standing there in tight boxer briefs that leave nothing to the imagination.
“Ok, fine. I want my pills and then I’m going home. Conversation had.”
“Saint Anne, Mary’s mother. The patron saint of omegas.” He looks at the statue’s outstretched hands, the fingers of each curling in a gesture of conciliation. And if that isn’t what omegas are always doing, keeping alphas from hurting them or other people.
“Bucky, I– I have some questions.” There’s no need to corner Bucky; they’ve been friends for so long, and with Bucky on the mend, there’s more between them than there had been when they were so young and in the midst of war. Yet, he corners him anyway after a training session.
“Is, or is not my husband Captain fucking America? Yes? He is. So then get the fuck out of my way—” He can hear the commotion beyond the door to their private room, and he registers that it must be Anthony before the man himself bursts in.
. This isn’t meant for him. He’s above this.
He’s not sure he believes these things will be effective, but listening to the priest is paramount; they always guided his mother when things were difficult. Providing food and clothing when needed for their family. There wasn’t a lot to go around during the Great Depression, but the church did their best.
“Inject me, Dr. Rogers,” Tony says, sultry and ridiculous.
Steve comes in with the rest of the team on the Quinjet, the air around them silent and heavy with unsaid things.
“Yeah, yeah. Ok, open the containment unit. But I swear to god if you start getting mouthy or handsy and do that groaning thing, your ass is grass.” Tony is the one with the mouth. It’s a constantly moving thing, whether he’s speaking, biting the inside of his cheek or curving his lips into a smile, it’s distracting with its restlessness.
“Bruce. For Tony. You’ve got to keep it together for him. He needs you.” Nat stands and puts a hand on Bruce’s shoulder, her eyes pleading.
Steve then reaches out to touch the first swatch in pile three. It’s buttery soft, almost a suede.
“You don’t think—what? You don’t think I can do better?”
“You– you fucking– I would kill you, right the fuck now, if–” Rhodes can barely speak, he’s so apoplectic.
Tony chuffs.
God, he aches. He’s been trying to avoid touching himself, but in quiet moments his hand strays down his abs and under the waistband of his sweats. First, he thinks of Peggy, her red lips, and enigmatic eyes. She glides down his torso in a way she was never able to when she was alive, but the very thought of her, cold, in a hospital bed stifles him. Those brown eyes warp and change out from under him, his fantasy hijacked by an amber abyss with soft fronds of lashes all around. There're crinkles at the corners of this pair of eyes, and there’s a smile there that filters into Steve’s mind with a compunction that has him heating in shame. Tony follows the trail that Peggy would have taken, wrapping a calloused hand around Steve as he outright leers.
“Mr. Stark!” And Steve
The door bursts open and Pepper, disheveled, strides into the room with a palpable rage pouring off her slight body.
“No, you aren’t made for this. But you will be. I’ll help you.” Steve cups his cheek, Tony’s beard bristling his hand, and leans down for a kiss. Tony is responsive, lips parting and letting Steve take control of the most searing and maddening kiss that Steve has ever had.
“What? No! No, you’re so good, you’re doing so good for me. Baby, please?” Steve tries to catch Tony’s eyes, to no avail.
“You don’t have to take care of me. I pay people for that.”
He flips the switch on his app, letting Extremis warp bodies into pliant and beautiful flesh. Flesh that he’s going to sample himself. Tony isn’t picky, and he’s certainly not monogamous. Besides, you can’t sell what you haven’t tried yourself.
“You’re serious.” Tony jumps off the stool and walks over, peering at the plate. He snatches a piece of bacon off of it and starts chewing, mouth open as he stuffs the entire thing in.
“Where is Steve?” He asks, dumb, knowing the answer probably hasn’t changed.
“Can I tell you about it? About what happened between Ty and I?”
“Well gosh, not many people ask about that for that reason, but yes, I think I’ve got some information for you. Is now a good time?”
Neither of them can or will do anything about it after. He knows Tony doesn’t want him.
He won’t mention the mutual funds for now. Whether Tony is knowledgeable or not, it’s better to be conservative in investing. It still boggles his mind that Tony can even afford to play on the market at all.
“I can’t make out with my beautiful boyfriend?”
The shame sets in as the cold does to the spunk that’s on his body. He’s never wanted an omega. He doesn’t, but he does.
Gently, eyes glassy with pleasure, Steve turns him over so that his distended belly is pressed into his nest. He’s full. So full.
“I’m not going anywhere.” There’s nowhere to go. He has to stay right here for when Steve gets back.
The glands puncture, and like morphine, Steve drips in. He can feel him all over, suffusing Tony with all of his desire. Tony is stunned, unable to hide his own affection for Steve swimming across the bond. A wave of the same desire hits him back, and Tony is lost.
“Thanks Cap’n.” It’s the first time Clint has spoken normally to him since they met.
“Your alpha allows you to do this?” That’s the only explanation he can think of, because he can’t imagine an unbonded omega allowed in the field.
Thankfully they have everything on hand at the store in muted colors, so they load up the car and head back to the tower. Natasha takes him to a special parking garage that he didn’t realize was in the tower at all, and they haul their stuff up the elevator.
Slowly, he was pushed back, up to his knees, backward, until he gently fell onto his ass, legs spread before Steve, Steve still mouthing at his lips, his kissing turned languorous, a liquid heat spreading from the focal point of Steve’s touch all the way down to Tony’s cunt.
“He was out of his league, he should have waited. He should have—” Tony approaches, deriding Coulson’s choice, even as he knows he’s wrong. Tony would have stepped in the way too, despite what Rogers has said about wires and crawling. Truthfully, he can never live up to Cap’s sacrifice, but it seems that no average human probably could. The man had saved New York.
“Tell me.”
that should be illegal in at least ten states. Plus, his face was doing him all sorts of favor with that stern jaw, pink lips, and his sky-blue eyes begging Tony to comply.
“I can. I have a lot of control.”
Steve exhales, shaking his head and closing his eyes, hands pressed hard against the side of the counter. He’s adrift now. The fear that all his plans have come to this, to be caught out by Nat, or even Tony, and so soon, feel like ruin.
Tony and Steve have fucked on most of the available surfaces. Steve doesn’t know if anyone else knows about them besides Natasha, but no one has said a word. Tony has told him that being homosexual is safer now, if not completely safe. Besides, there’s not really anyone to judge anymore. It’s one of the things Steve likes in 2011, though his favorite is undoubtedly Tony.
“What did you just say? You’re done? It’s surprising.” Pushing Pepper has always been a skill. She’s never one to back down from a challenge, and while she’s at her limit for his bullshit, underneath that is a pragmatic workaholic who always steps forward, never back.
It’s late now, sometime after ten when he gets back to the tower. His feet lead him to Tony’s workshop yet again, and from the door, he can see that Tony is sprawled out on his couch, arms askew. Steve goes back up to grab a blanket and takes it back down to the workshop. As he approaches Tony, he hears the other man mumble in his sleep. It’s...sweet.
He should have been embarrassed, his slick hole exposed to Steve’s purview, leaking cock red and used against the pillows underneath him. But he’s presented so many times now that there’s no point in shame. Steve seems to enjoy it; he likes to spread Tony sometimes and watch his cock sink in and out of Tony’s sopping heat.
Tony moves to scramble them with a fork, and Steve gently grabs his hand, pulling him away.
“I don’t know, it just seemed like the right thing to do. Come with me?” Steve held out a hand and Tony took it, dizzy with the possible consequences.
“I’m just trying to help him, Ms. Potts. Truly,” he says, keeping his voice soft.
He’s so much happier like this, feeding Tony and just being in the other man’s presence.
“I’m not officially a pilot right now. And I’ve got to wait for Steve.” The other techs and scientists walk by, their eyes sliding off of the pilots as though they’re greased. Traitors.
“Bruce.” Tony hails their resident doctor on the coms. His friend is probably going to just send him to a doctor somewhere in this shit hole anyway, but they have a protocol. If Tony thinks he’s been compromised with some kind of potential illness or injury, he goes to Bruce.
Fuck, he wants to know who the alpha was. Maybe meet him, maybe he’d—
“Fine.” It was long, and drawn out, but he was acquiescing. If only for Pepper. And how it suited his natural inclination towards self destruction.
“Agent Romanoff, did you miss me?” He throws his playlist on the Quinjet to distract from the fact that he’s grabbing all the data on Loki that they have on file. He slams Loki to the ground with repulsor blasts before landing in front of the man and drawing out every weapon the suit has.
“No, please.” Spittle slides over Tony’s lips, like he can barely control them. It reminds Steve of his promise.
Down it is, and he jumps several stairs and even full staircases as he leaps. As he goes along, he feels a hum inside his body, the thrill of excitement and the chase emanating like wildfire from his pores.
“Jamie.”
Steve turns the shower back on hot and closes the door to the bathroom to let his suit unwrinkle. He stares at his room and feels emptiness threaten to swallow him whole.
“We get it Cap, you care deeply about the things that you care about. But it’s not my fault you won’t completely move into the tower like the rest of the team where we train. Keep staying in your shitty Brooklyn apartment, but don’t call it my problem when the best workout you get is destroying SHIELD property.”
him. Wants him. It’s unbelievable. And if Bucky is correct, Steve wants him too.
“They wanted weapons.” Tony’s heart stops for a moment and he thinks– he thinks maybe, did Steve–?
“Suit yourself.”
“I feel like I do, but I don’t know what they are. It’s like something wants to come out of me, and it’s tapping at the door to escape, but I have no idea what it means. And I’ll be honest, Father, I’m scared. I’m scared that I’ve harmed Tony permanently and that he’ll never forgive me. I’ve come to want his regard. I think I’ll never have it.”
He moves out of the way as they shuffle past him to place Clint in the room he’s just left.
The wolf trots forward just a little bit and Tony, feeling like an idiot, scrabbles backward.
It doesn’t even matter that he’s keeping SHIELD agents safe. Steve knows why he said what he said. If only Tony knew how deeply his tendrils went, how much Steve longed to say.
“You sure you should be indulging in that Stark?” It’s inevitable that Cap speaks first, narrowed blue eyes glancing at the glass in Tony’s hand like it has personally offended him.
“Sir.”
It’s late, and Tony is alone on the couch, drinking. Thinking about Bucky. About Steve. He knows that Steve hasn’t really shown any interest, but there’s something that holds him back from thinking he can give his all to Bucky, if he’s even considering that. He knows it has something to do with whatever they’re fighting about, but it’s not his
“Howard did this so that SI could stay in the family, and so that you could have control over your life. And what have you done with it? Partied relentlessly. Exposed yourself to all manner of people. There’s pictures,
Bucky litters more kisses on Tony’s neck, suckling and kneading the flesh between his teeth. It’s so close to his mating gland that he can’t resist, and instead whimpers pitifully while Bucky dominates him. The alpha’s hands are everywhere: trailing at his waistline, caressing his ass, and digging into his thighs.
“What’s the point, you still believe the same things you believed yesterday and the day before. I already don’t like that particular Steve. Do you already have a new Steve to show me?”
It truly wasn’t fair.
“I don’t understand why you’ve locked yourself away. Is it the transition? Are you afraid of becoming Omega? I said I would be there for you.” He gets to the heart of it right away, hoping the quick attack dislodges the truth from Tony.
“No, but—”
“I know what you think of me. Tony Stark, slut extraordinaire. Tony Stark, incompetent omega that can’t cook anything to save his life. Who spends money like water flows.”
“Forgive me, I’m selfish. I want you to be mine, Omega.” Steve mumbles into Tony’s spine.
to the side and forward, and Tony is
“And I don’t do kind, Shellhead.” With that, he brutally shoves in both fingers at the same time, wrenching open Tony at the rim. And Tony, he just gives way, bearing down and opening on Steve’s fingers as he fucks them in and out ruthlessly. He spits on his moving hand, watching the gob of saliva work its way into Tony’s dusky entrance. No more than a cursory amount of time is spent opening Tony up before Steve is reaching into the swirling mass of the symbiote and undoing his pants, pulling his fully erect cock out. He gets up, crouching over Tony.
anymore. I thought I knew. But—” He gestures with his hands in despair.
—Steve’s—cock. Steve swallowed Tony’s cries. Steve had Tony Stark on his knees, begging for his knot. These thoughts coil darkly in his mind, swirling around his desperation to make this last. It’s just barely begun, and Steve is both sated and so terribly wanting of more.
He starts to lick his hand clean as Tony relaxes minutely next to him.
“I don’t disagree Steve. I’d send him to bed leaking; ridden hard, and put away wet.” Bucky has moved to stand behind Steve, and Tony watches as the alpha casually works his cock over with a hand. Waiting.
“How did you know about that?”
Steve does, jamming his fingers in and pressing down on a spot he’s found that makes Tony gasp and moan. Tony clenches around his fingers, and Steve wishes, how he wishes, it was his cock.
A faint breeze is blowing in through the open balcony. It cuts through the tenderness of Steve’s touch, lifting a few strands of hair in its embrace. It’s not enough to stop Steve sliding in, coming home.
“Do not touch me again.” The man’s voice is dangerous, threatening. With hammer in hand, he staggers up, ready to go another round. This is going to be unpleasant.
Bucky isn’t fooled by anything, and he side-eyes Steve with what looks like apprehension. Steve gets it. His behavior is off from his usual.
“We’ll be seeing you soon, Tony,” Steve says, mischievous intent written on his face, and the two alphas leave the room, elated.
They were supposed to be back an hour ago, Natasha and Tony, but they’d commed in that they were held up. When the coms went silent under Bruce’s watch, the other man tried not to make a fuss about it around Steve, but there was a tension to his shoulders that said the situation was serious.
“So how’ve you been?” Iron Man turns to him, and asks so nonchalantly, that Steve warms instinctively. They were friends, weren’t they?
It’s just his luck that when the food shows up that every item is extremely spicy. Tony also comes up to snatch his portion and retreat to the workshop, leaving behind the scent of his false heat like a beacon of light. It’s maddening, and he tries to overcome the spice levels with copious amounts of milk.
“Yeah, I can’t remember what I’ve started, and I’m never finished.” His eyes sparkle with mischievousness, and he snatches the coffee pot off the counter to refill his cup before giving Steve a careful nod and Nat a hand wave goodbye as he meanders out of the kitchen.
With a soft sigh, Steve nodded, padding over to the other side of the bed. He laid down beside them on top of the covers, at which Tony glared.
Tony nodded and flipped the chicken over, not offering a response.
“Enough,” Natasha interrupted, rolling her eyes, “Alright, second question. What is your spouse’s favorite flavor of ice cream?”
Listening carefully, Tony had to bite his lip at the barely-audible curse before the quick
“I don’t know if he swings for the other team, too,” He continued, averting his gaze, “That, and we’re… close. I don’t want to make him uncomfortable when all he’s done is help me adjust and feel more at home here—plus, if he doesn’t return my feelings, it could make work awkward and strained, but I want to make it work
“This is
Steve sluggishly picked his head up and blinked, furrowing his brow as if confused at the question. Tony sucked in a breath once he saw how dilated Steve’s eyes were, hoping it was only from his scent and not from shock.
Steve merely smiled and dropped a kiss to the top of Tony’s head, making him pout and blush all the more. The other Warlords crowed and cooed at the sight, bringing up a pink tinge on Steve’s face. Tony took pity on him and squeezed his hand, giving him a small bit of comfort.
“Sorry if I upset ya, Tony. Miss Hill might get mad, but I don’ care,” Steve whispered, hugging Tony tight.
. Fourteen-year-olds don’t need back braces.”
He left the room and closed the door behind him as Steve stood, moving to sit next to Tony on the bed. He wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist, resting his head on his shoulder so he could watch PJ play with Tony’s shirt.
“You are allowed to touch me, you know. I will not break if you want to caress me,” he said quietly, “If you feel affection for me, hold me. I… I like to be held. I like when you sneak forehead kisses when you think I am asleep. Having you, the Alpha, be so careful and tentative with me… it’s sweet. It means you
“You should be alright,” she said after a long silence, packing up the makeup and handing Tony his shirt, “If you sweat a lot, do not let the others touch you, or it will come right off.”
As soon as his feet touched down, he stumbled off for the meeting place, careful to hold his necklace so it would not jingle and alert any of the patrolling guards. Thankfully, it was a new moon, providing him with the necessary darkness needed to dart from place to place. It was a practiced escape, but his heart still hammered wildly in his chest: enough so that he was afraid that someone would be able to hear it and find him out. Of course, he reached the city’s wall without issue, panting silently as he pressed up against the carefully carved stone, hiding in the shadows. The agonizing moments ticked on without sight of his partners, but just as he was about to give up, two sets of footfalls ran toward him from the right, and a quiet whistle signaled their arrival. He moved quickly toward the sound and found them, holding his arms out for the bundle passed to him.
Two unclaimed, unmarked Omegas, father and son, traveling alone.
“I am
“Perhaps some medication would help the pain, Captain?” Vis suggested, making himself phase as the others entered the jet to strap in for the ride home.
As soon as it left his mouth, Tony stopped, fear gripping him once again. He was more than thankful for Steve’s hospitality and willingness to protect them, but at what cost? The thought of being bound to an Alpha in eternal submission made him sick, and to have a child of his own womb was so distressing that he banished the train of thought for fear of heaving up his dinner. As the fates would have it, Steve and Thor returned at that moment, the former immediately noticing that something was wrong. He spoke to Thor, then placed a hand on Tony’s forehead and peered into his eyes.
“Do I want to know what that is?”
“I got you, I got you,” he whispered, trying to wipe the sweat off of Tony with his shirt, “You’re okay. I got—Tony?”
Steve seemed to consider this and nodded, shifting his hips with a groan. He sighed and continued moving until he could glacially slide out, careful to not injure Tony any more than he might have. Finally, he collapsed onto his side of the bed, grabbing Tony’s hand to squeeze before promptly falling asleep. Tony looked over at him and sighed, unable to help a soft giggle.
Steve’s eyebrows shot up to his hairline.
“I am Freya, the first of the healers, wife of the All-father. My husband has been gone for many moons now, so our eldest son has taken his place as the Prime’s translator,” she explained, “I took his place for a brief period of time, but my time was better spent amongst those with other gifts.”
In the rush to fuck, they’d both forgotten that they’d agreed to meet everyone on their floor, which meant they both skidded to a halt in their living room, out of breath and flushed, dicks on full display for their entire graduating high school class to see, plus Rhodey. Everyone was silent for a few awful seconds, staring, while both men were frozen to the spot. That is, until Natasha held up her phone and the camera shutter went off, impossibly loud in the dead silence.
“No,” Tony answered haughtily, “I am going to rest with my baby, and when I wake next, maybe I will think about it.”
“I’m fine,” Tony managed weakly, using the wardrobe to steady himself as he made to stand, “Just peachy, Cappuccino. Just needed to sit for a minute—”
. Tony crawled up onto the bed to position himself with his ass in the air, Steve’s shirt riding up to crumple around his neck. He was okay with the underwear being pulled down, but as soon as Steve’s warm hands cupped his ass he turned his face down into the bed to hide.
him to help supply their armory, but it made him feel like he was helping.
“You are unlike any Alpha I have ever met,” Tony whispered, gently stroking Steve’s cheek with the back of his hand.
Decision made, Steve scooped up the box and made a beeline for the elevator, jabbing the button for the workshop. He tried to think of what he wanted to say, but his mind was fuzzy with the implications of what Tony’s writing meant. He had about a billion questions and he knew he had about one shot until his husband shut down and waived it off completely. As a creator himself, Steve could recognize raw emotion when he saw it, and he knew he needed to do this right.
Steve stared at him, long enough to make him uncomfortable.
The elevator took him directly down to the lab, making Tony sigh in relief when it opened to the empty workshop. He stumbled over to his table to sit down, shoving up the sleeves of his hoodie before bringing up current diagnostics for the suit and a list of current tasks to be completed.
“I said, hopefully after the team meeting, we can…talk,” Steve said—and was he shifting nervously?—“This isn’t exactly…the best situation.”
“I do not know if I would be comfortable with you
“Pick your favorite.”
“Oh, oh no, he—everything has been fine,” Tony stammered, an awkward giggle bubbling up in his throat, “I am merely becoming acclimated to this new life. I do not know of customs or how
He hoped.
“Our,” Steve said, puffing up his chest slightly.
“Oh, sorry, your highness,” Tony laughed, brushing back PJ’s locks, “We should probably think about moving anyway, darling. I need to get you back to the Tower.”
. We got picked by a government entity called SHIELD to test a new serum they were creating that would create the perfect soldier. Unlimited stamina, speed, super strength, accelerated healing…. stuff like that. We came out the other side, but the facility wasn’t exactly…. equipped well. The power it needed to sustain itself ended up causing half the state to go black and blew itself up in the process. We quite literally crawled out of the burning wreckage and Fury, the director of SHIELD, called us just under two years later for deployment. Part of our contract was we had to say yes, no questions asked.”
“Not this. He. It’s a boy, Tony,” Natasha answered softly, her voice much quieter than before.
Guilt spread through his chest like wildfire. He hugged Peter close and rocked them both while kissing the crown of his head.
—Sorry. Again. I think PJ knows I’m talking to you and wants in, but I’m trying to keep him from getting dirtier than he already is.”
PJ shook his head, waiting for Tony to put down his mug and get settled before crawling into his lap and snuggling up to his chest. He picked up the first book and handed it to Tony, then resettled the elephant and stuck his thumb in his mouth.
“I’m not sure,” He finally answered, turning his gaze to PJ’s sleeping form, “I know I want to get to know him. Especially since he’s my kid, too.”
Unbeta'd. Comments, kudos, and art really appreciated. You can ask me questions over at @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
As if summoned, the linguist knocked and strode into the room with Steve on his heels, talking animatedly to him in their native tongue. He had Tony’s things with him and he placed them by the door, clearly trying to calm the Prime. Steve seemed distressed, or at the least, extremely confused, but Thor patted his shoulder and waved him off to his drafting desk before approaching Tony.
“Oh, bite me,” He muttered, already feeling guilty enough.
“I’m fine. How are you?” He said quickly, ignoring Rhodey’s prolonged stare, “I thought you guys got swarmed.”
“I know. Imagine how my finely tuned technology feels.”
“I know,” Tony soothed when Steve whined, “But not with Peter here. Would
Tony glanced over Bruce’s shoulder, eyeing Clint before flicking his gaze back.
He jerked forward when Steve’s fingers gently massaged his rim and he had to bite down on his lip to keep from whimpering. It did not hurt as much as it had that morning, yet Steve’s fingers were still just as big, and now he could focus on them without being distracted by the pain. This was the
“I think you both have good bottling techniques,” Rhodey snorted, shaking his head fondly, “But you
“Oh, for god’s sake,
“Are—are you sure? I don’t want to get in the way,” he said softly, showing his nervous tick by picking at his nails, “I mean, you two probably need time to recuperate—”
booth, it took all of his willpower to make it home before breaking down into tears. Steve never seemed to notice—or care—that Tony didn’t return his texts or requests for homework help, sit with him at lunch, or even pick the seat next to him in their classes. When he’d finally worked up the balls to tell Steve he’d quit soccer because he couldn’t move as well anymore with the escalation of Howard’s beatings, Steve had said, “Oh, that’s nice, Tony.”
Steve looked around lazily, and upon seeing that no one else was in the room beside them four, shrugged. He settled his head back down onto Tony’s shoulder, wriggling slightly until he found the most comfortable position. He cooed at Peter and reached over to rub his tummy as a warm smile slowly spread across his face.
As a group, they looked at Scott on the floor, who was asleep and snoring with his head in his arms.
“Yup. Up and at ‘em, atom ant,” Tony said, poking PJ’s stomach, “Think you can stick your arm out for me, darling?”
, you should have asked before you dropped that bomb on me, what am I going to do when we don’t get a real wedding or honeymoon or
, titled it. Tony choked back his tears as he shakily peeled the photograph up from the paper, remembering the day like it was yesterday, back when things were easy and free, and Steve liked it when he gave him dandelions.
The prince nodded and tearfully let them embrace him before turning toward the wall. With practiced efficiency, he carefully tucked the bundle into his chest and tightened his sash belt to create a makeshift carrier. He took the leap and scrambled up and over, checking on the bundle to make sure all was well. Thankfully, the outer torches were starting to go out as dawn approached, so he dashed for the nearby forest, using the stars to navigate his way toward the Northern Territory. If he was to escape from his father’s army, he needed to hide out in a land where he would not dare send men, for fear of losing them all to a stronger foe. That meant he had to head into the belly of the beast: an unclaimed Omega, running for his life directly into the Warlords’ land, ruled with an iron fist under a terrifying Prime Alpha who was said to lick his conquered enemies’ bones clean once he’d finished his human meal.
Rolling his eyes behind the faceplate, Tony Stark barely hesitated as he leveled his arm with his shoulder backward and shot off two blasts at escaping HYDRA soldiers.
“He doesn’t know what that means, peaches,” Tony’s distant voice said, “You have to explain it to him.”
“He will not show me his knot. He is embarrassed by it.”
“Alright kids, let the paramedics through,” Coach Richards cut them off.
He thought he was dreaming, but when he cracked open his eyes again, he watched two heels disappear outside the door, leaving him trapped in his liquid confines. As realization set in, he screamed soundlessly, hanging in suspended animation to wait for someone,
Tony whined loudly at that, only stopping at a faint knock on the door.
The boy nodded quickly, grasping at her hair again with a soft gasp. A few of the others laughed, to which he ducked his head, shyness evident in his gestures. Watching it from afar, Tony carefully sat down at the wet bar, pulling out his phone for a second. Noticing a couple dozen texts from Rhodey, he groaned to himself, knowing he was in trouble. He set off a quick text then pocketed the device, turning his attention back to the current meet-and-greet,
“Want me to move him?” Steve asked, “PJ—”
it, Steven, don’t laugh at me.”
“Good morning,” Steve said, his voice deep from having just woken up, “He okay?”
“Try not to worry, Anthony,” Natasha said, squeezing his arm, “Maybe you could reach out through the bond? Give yourself something to focus on.”
“Clothes?” Steve wheezed, trembling.
“What’s wrong, son? It’s nearly time for you to eat a real meal. You hungry?” Steve asked, breaking the silence as he reached over the rail.
Tony turned toward Steve, offering up a small smile as the dressed Warlord approached him and put a hand on his back.
Finding the positioning a bit more comfortable, Tony nodded, following Natasha out of the tube room and back to the morgue. Once the realization hit him of what the morgue had been used for, he suddenly wished he had a protocol for throwing up in the suit.
“Take off the sack,” Steve said, “Let’s see him.”
about this.”
“Hi, you,” Tony immediately soothed, dropping the conversation in favor of giving PJ his attention, “We had to come downstairs for a bit. You gave me quite a scare there. You’re okay now, though. Just got to get clearance to leave and then we can go back up, okay?”
“I have no desire to change our plans,” he murmured between kisses, “Unless you want to?”
when I wrote that. I feel like there’s definitely an ethical issue—”
“Peter? PJ?” Tony asked, swallowing his pain as he dropped off the mattress and onto his knees, “Is that you, baby?”
, just call out for me. I’m right next door and can be over in a jiffy, okay? Everything’s okay now, honey. I know you’re in a weirdo place with weirdo people you probably still don’t trust too well, but we’ll take care of you. We’ll keep you safe, I promise.”
He looked over at Thor, expecting to see disgust or even concern, but the giant merely stared back at him, more confused than before.
“People will see if we are out here in the open like this,” he managed, desperately holding back the urge to rip his tunic off, “We--
“I hope so,” Steve said quickly, only to turn and grin as Thor ran up to him, tackling him into a laughing hug.
Steve whimpered and shifted to spread his knees more, then bowed his back for a better angle. They both groaned once Tony was fully seated inside of him with his balls tucked up against Steve’s ass. He desperately wanted to move, but he first reached under to place a hand on Steve’s lower belly and pressed down.
“Rhodey?” Tony grinned as the Colonel strode into the room, only to wince as he sat forward, “I thought you’d have headed back to the Airforce to debrief with them.”
So, when Steve and Clint did not say anything about the child-experiment he was holding, Tony nearly blew a fuse.
“You’ve known him since you guys ran around in diapers. It’s going to take awhile to get over him,” Rhodey said gently, “And it’s going to hurt real bad. But you’re not alone, Tones. Clearly, you’re not alone. If those two redheads are willing to try and nearly kill a man in cold blood in a public area for you, you’re not alone.”
“Alright. So, you’ll be paired into couples. Half of you will go in a different room, and I’ll ask your spouses a question about you. They’ll give an answer, then you’ll come back and answer the question yourself. If your answers match, you’ll get points. The couple with the most points wins,” she explained, “Got it?”
It was silent for a long time before Steve spoke.
“Tony,” Steve said warningly, sounding a little out of breath, “Be
“A bit,” Tony admitted, shrugging, “At first. It's just the hair follicle growing in. It isn’t too bad.”
Tony sighed extra loudly at that, rolling his eyes.
“Perhaps. Either way, I have a…colleague out there who is familiar with the ancient architecture,” T’Challa said, “I’ll try to contact him, see if he knows anything.”
“Finally ready to settle down, little one?” he whispered, stroking a shaky thumb over Peter’s cheek.
“He asked for me,” Tony said quietly, “He… he saw the scarring on my back, and said if I was to stay, he wanted to take care of me. Of
Steve’s quivering voice had all of them turn to look at their intrepid leader. Bucky still had him in a sort of chokehold, but Natasha stood by his side with a knife tentatively pressed up against his groin, easily giving him a reason to stay in place.
Steve shushed him again and hooked his fingers in Tony’s pants, carefully peeling them off and tossing them aside. He barely pulled down Tony’s underwear when the scent from his slick hit him full force, almost bringing him to his knees. Tony shifted and whined, pushing them off the rest of the way and dropping them over the side of the bed. He moved up onto his knees to fiddle with Steve’s trousers, totally unaware of how out of it the Alpha was.
He wasn’t prepared for the hand that smacked him across his face. He was stunned, feeling the hot pain jab like needles across his cheek.
Steve closed his eyes and breathed in and out of his nose, quelling nausea that made his stomach curdle. He really,
“Can I have a shirt while you are—oh.”
“You get what I give you, and nothing more. If you come before I say you can, you will be sleeping in the hallway tonight.”
“Is okay. Is for you,” Steve assured, beaming again.
“—safe house, yeah,” Bruce nodded, “And after that?”
“Breathe, little rabbit.”
Comments and kudos are really appreciated! Ask me questions over @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“Oh. That makes sense.”
to fuck Barnes,” he said casually.
“Of course, the Omegas are left to fix the problem,” Tony said, unable to help a cheeky grin when Natasha snorted.
“Oh, no, no-no. That would be Nat’s job--sorry, Natasha’s job. However, most people we have captured over the years have chosen to stay in the colony. There is a kind of freedom here that you cannot find anywhere else in the world.”
Tony giggled and reached around to pat his backside, enjoying Rhodey covering his eyes.
“—I know I fucked this up, really badly,” he continued, wincing when Steve stilled under him, “I’m sorry. I should have listened to you and been more prepared for this. And I’m sorry that because of that you got hurt and embarrassed in front of the team, and—and I totally get it if this is a breaking point for you. You don’t have to forgive me if you don’t want to, I’ll try to do my best to figure this out for you, but if you want to break up I totally—”
“Bruce needs to stay here. The Hulk is the best defense for the kid—no offense,” Clint said, twirling an arrow between his fingers, “We could try aerial, but its pretty much all underground, with nothing around for miles. It's just a covered hatch in the middle of bumfuck, nowhere.”
Steve’s eyes bugged, but he did as he was told.
“We need to get you a haircut, cutie. Hey. It’s okay,” He murmured softly, “I know it’s all so, so much for you. You’re doing so well, baby. You’ve been so, so good—you still are. It’s okay to cry. But we do want to put you in something more comfortable, okay? Can you come in here with me and Steve and Tasha and let me help you into this?”
the man looked. Sweat beaded on his forehead, and even he, the Scotch-Irish boy, looked pale.
If the folder hadn’t been bright blue, Tony would have missed it. It was sort of shoved under some machinery on his desk, but it was nearly falling off anyway, so he barely got to it in time before it slipped off. Looking at it, he realized there was a sticky note on it in his husband’s handwriting:
“Sorry. Hungry babies come first,” he teased, “Go on now before he starts teething on you instead.”
Peter gently kicked a foot into Tony’s stomach and he laughed, laying the baby down so he could undress them both.
“Alright. For now, he’s Peter James Stark,” He decided, “So I guess we’ll just call him Peter. Peter James. PJ?”
PJ tapped Tony’s palm once, then nodded, taking his fingers out of his mouth to use his arm to wipe his face off. Laughing softly in relief, Tony stood on shaky legs, helping PJ to his feet so they could go find that box of tissues. Stepping out into the living room, they were both suddenly aware of the entirety of the team looking at them, various boxes and books scattered around the room. Tony looked down at PJ, watching the boy inch behind his legs as he looked at each of the strangers looking back.
Looking back at Steve, Tony realized how positively
“Of course I will help. I did warn you that if you did not let me prepare you enough, you would end up hurt,” Steve said, “You could have avoided all of this if you had been a little more patient. But, at least now I know to fight my instincts more to make sure you are ready.”
“Friend, are you unwell? Did our cuisine not settle with you? The Prime thinks you look pale,” Thor asked, clearly worried.
“Nah, J. I got it. Thank you,” Tony sighed, scrubbing his face.
Tony thought, making a note to ask her about it later.
Slowly, the heat that scorched his insides receded, cooling down enough to reveal the thick exhaustion and guilt that resided underneath. If he was honest with himself, Tony felt bad for Steve. He understood that the Prime had little physical control over his body and any mental faculties he had were shut down to make way for the biological response. Tony knew a thing or two about biology royally fucking him over, so he reached through what still burned to soothe Steve’s guilt.
PJ blinked, but seemed to understand with a small nod of his head. Looking past Tony, he saw Steve, making a confused noise.
“Can I sit and eat with you?” he asked.
Peter kicked his foot into Tony’s stomach, whimpering softly behind the piece of the dress he had been chewing on. Tony immediately moved the baby up to his shoulder and hushed him, gently rocking them both back and forth.
“You are thinking too hard, little rabbit,” Steve said, pulling Tony out of his thoughts by smoothing a thumb over the wrinkle between his brows, “You will cramp up your face if you keep that expression for much longer.”
Tony looked up at Steve and frowned. The Prime shrugged in a helpless sort of way, then led them to sit down on the bank.
Steve nodded, then kissed them both before heading into the bathroom and closing the door behind him. Tony took the initiative and laid Peter down on their bed, gently tickling his sides just to hear the tot giggle. The distraction had the intended effect, allowing him to dress Peter and finish toweling his hair with little to no protest. And yet, as soon as he was done, Peter started to smack at Tony’s chest again.
. He moved down to the light jutting out of Tony’s chest, running through the hundreds of possibilities as to what possible function it could serve. Whatever it was, it was too close to important things for him to want to fiddle with it, so instead, he caught the attention of one of the paramedics watching his vitals, motioning toward one of the large first-aid kits.
“I--I see,” Steve managed, tripping over his own feet in an effort to get closer to Tony, “You--you sound
He felt woozy, but he managed to nod. Steve pulled his hands away, smiling when Tony pocketed the bag. Warmth rushed over him and tingled his fingertips; he bit down on his lip to keep from gasping at the feeling, praying and hoping to the divines that the two Alphas staring at him could not smell his slick.
“Sorry,” he said as he tried to suppress his giddy heartbeat.
The woman frowned and spoke over his shoulder to Steve, who laughed and answered her. Her mouth formed a silent ‘o’ and she nodded, then tugged on Tony’s arm, guiding the small group to her stall. Tony turned to look at Steve, but the Alpha was unperturbed as he carried on a conversation with the woman.
“This is a one-time thing,” Steve murmured letting his legs fall open, “Got that? I don’t think this will keep up once we’re out of the woods.”
“I, ah, do not want you to, you know--”
“You talked?”
Sniffling, Tony rubbed his eyes, and Steve immediately wrapped his arms around him, pulling Tony in tight. He tucked his head into the crook of Steve’s neck and held him back, uncaring that the grass stains on Steve’s clothes were probably making his own clothes dirty.
?” Tony shrieked, attempting to ignore the dark red flush that covered Steve’s face and neck, “We—we are not—that is the
“I figured you’d want to know that he went down alright. Conked out before I even got halfway through the book,” the Captain answered, voice a bit amused, “He snores, too. Not badly, but little, ah, sniffles, I guess.”
He set the thermos down and massaged Steve’s right pec, gritting his teeth when he jerked and moaned, causing milk to spurt out of his fat nipple on accident. Steve gasped and whimpered, nearly slipping out of Tony’s hands.
“You love me.”
“One can be masculine and outwardly express emotions through crying, Tony. You of all people taught me that,” he teased.
Tony shot him a grateful smile before turning around to bring Peter to Steve and transfer the baby to his arms.
, and I would like to not feel as though I need to pry my ribs open to get out the pain.”
Rhodey could have gotten killed! What were you
Stunned, Tony sucked in a breath, startling Peter enough to make him shift and whimper. He hushed the baby, wilting a little under Natasha’s dead stare.
? What kind of bull
“Yeah, no shit,” Tony grunted, realizing he’d splayed a hand over his reactor, “Will he need meds? What about organs?”
“What is this?” he asked, leaning forward to look.
He smiled and reached over to tilt up Steve’s chin, leaning in for a kiss. The hand on his bonding gland moved up to sink into his hair and held him still so Steve could meet him halfway. Tony whimpered against his mouth and gasped when he was pulled back, only to groan when Steve leaned in to kiss down his neck.
, I can’t believe you just waltzed in here like that—”
, and no one would think any differently. That way, it also means you get explicit permission to hear from me more often. I can definitely swing something.”
“I thought I’d lost you again,” Steve managed through his tears, rubbing his face against Tony’s neck, “When I pulled that helmet off—my world fell apart. I thought—”
Steve huffed a laugh and pulled back, resting their foreheads together.
!” Bucky shouted, keeping them from arguing, “Not why I brought you two in here. Tony, tell them what you told me right before I left.”
saying you shack up with each other.”
. Not even Miss Sarah.”
“Oh my god. I’ll let you guys be. We’ll go to the living room,” Tony snorted, shaking his head.
“Steve,” Tony said quietly, “
“It’s okay,” Tony repeated, putting his hands out, palm-up, “You touch first, okay? Apparently, touch is bad for you. That’s on me. I don’t even know if you get half of what I’m saying, I really hope you do—”
“Would you like a name?” Tony asked, putting a hand in his own hair to slick his bangs back, “We thought about calling you Peter James. You look like a Peter James. A very fitting name for such a handsome fella. PJ for short, yeah? It’d be easier than constantly saying Peter James or having no name at all. What do you think?”
The allure of a toy perked him up, so Tony used that momentum to get Peter changed and fed before he could upset himself. Of course, that also meant he pulled on Tony’s clothes as Tony tried to eat his own breakfast, earning a laugh and an extra bite.
Bucky’s eyes nearly popped out of his head, making him look like a bubble fish. He was quiet for a second before standing, chair screeching as it scraped against the linoleum.
“That’s it. Nice and easy, just like you learned,” Steve whispered between kisses, smiling when the hands on his shirt started to relax their grip, “You’re doing so well, sweetie. I’ve got you. I’ve always got you.”
wake.
Perhaps it was the familiar tone Steve generally reserved for battle—or simply the man’s presence—that made Tony gulp down a deep breath, forcing himself to hold it in his lungs for as long as he could before slowly breathing out. Hearing how shaky the breath was, Tony closed his eyes, attempting another deep breath, and another, until the air passing his lips was steady. Finding himself curled up tight, he slowly forced his shoulders to drop and his legs to fall, loosening his muscles.
“Nuh-uh. I am,” Bucky bragged, sliding into the chair across from Steve, “I’m the funnest.”
“Tony? What’s wrong?” He asked, looking into the other’s eyes, “You with me?”
“Have a way to get us off the island yet?” He teased, flicking his temple with his flesh hand.
Tony sighed in relief and threw his pen down, moving the papers to a spot on the table where they wouldn’t be in the way. He swiveled around in his chair, pulling down his sweatshirt sleeves at the last second to cover up where he’d tugged out his IV. Finally, the workshop doors slid open, revealing Steve with PJ leaning against his chest, clearly exhausted.
“Don’t worry. We all can handle that,” Bruce waved the thought away, putting a hand on Tony’s back as they walked out of the room, “I happened to be in the main living room when JARVIS’ call came, so I need to go tell them everything’s okay. Think you can handle yourself?”
“Clint is almost always down here crafting arrows or throwing knives for Natasha, Barnes tempers any new weaponry we recover from battle, and Sam, our falconer, makes tracking bracelets for his fleet,” Bruce explained, “We have many people who work in here, usually all at the same time.”
“Tell me if it hurts, okay? I am not here to hurt you,” Steve murmured, leaning up for one more kiss.
“I got a call from my contact in the Army,” he said softly, “I’m getting deployed the day after graduation.”
“You’ll catch bugs if you keep your mouth open, Stark,” Sam snickered, earning a shove from Natasha.
Or: Steve is a good husband.
“You’re alright, small one,” he soothed, eyeing the book in Steve’s hands.
“You don’t have to tell me everything now, sweetheart. You only just woke up,” he said, his voice bordering on a croak, “You should rest, yeah? Get some sleep?”
“Good. Do it. Now, give me a moment.”
Tony let his eyes flutter closed and he let out a shuddery breath.
“My dove, I did not mean to antagonize you,” he said softly, “I was merely taken aback by your words, is all. I know how you feel about having a bigger family and I agreed that we should wait until the war has settled and your father is no longer after your head.”
, he thought, staring at the fire,
“Look at you, thinking we would come out here and you would have a second round trying to bed me,” Tony murmured, emphasizing his point by pinching Steve’s nipples, “If you think I am just a body to warm your cock, you are sorely mistaken.”
“—You give them gifts and hope they get the message and pine away in the workshop until you own up, the other person moves on because they had no idea you felt the same way, or in Pepper’s case, they kick your ass,” Steve finished, having successfully backed Tony up to the other arm of the couch, “Am I close?”
PJ smacked his elephant against Tony’s chest with a whine, scrabbling his feet against Tony’s thigh.
Tony gaped, but before he could answer, the boy between them whimpered, his eyes scrunched shut. He started to shake, almost convulsing by the time Tony got the chair into the upright position.
Tony gave him an unimpressed look and raised a single eyebrow when Steve pouted and looked away. They headed down the corridor in silence with Steve leading so he could open the doors to the courtyard. The crisp air made Tony sigh and smile; he preferred the colder months, as he could then work at an outside forge without risking heatstroke. Steve seemed to notice his mood change, for he slipped an arm around his waist and dared to rest his hand on Tony’s left hip. He welcomed the touch and leaned into Steve’s side, allowing the man to bear some of his weight. Sure, he was ready for some sort of argument, but he was not stupid enough to reject the comforting touch.
“I’m right here. You’re okay, you’re right here with me, on my floor, and everything’s alright,” Tony said quietly, cupping Steve’s cheek to wipe away the tear tracks that ran down to his jaw, “Do you think you can stand? We should get you to the couch so I can hug both of my favorite boys.”
“Don’t worry, Tony, we’ll bring your husband back,” Bucky sighed, looking up from sharpening his knife on his arm, “Really. It’ll be fine. It’s just a month or so.”
, you know that you could have stayed with me and Ma, you never—”
“Stark, what the hell are you doing?” Clint deadpanned, staring at the other’s movements.
“Huh? What? Are we still doing this?” Tony murmured, sitting up again.
“Oh, my little worm, what am I going to do with you?”
Tony stared at Steve for a moment before hopping off the counter, nearly jogging down to PJ’s room to get away from the situation. Not that it was necessarily
“That I more than love you,” he said back, surprising both Tony and himself, “I like you, too. More than a friend. I like-like you.”
The dreams were worse. Bloodied eagles had turned to torrential rains and howling wind, destroying all in its path as it tore through the city. He screamed and screamed as the market and the castle were ripped from their roots, bodies joining the debris that swirled up endlessly into the sky until they were nothing more than faraway dots. He was alone in the middle of it all, seemingly unaffected by everything happening around him, like a prisoner trapped in a glass cage.
Tony turned to leave only to smack into Natasha’s chest, grunting as he stood in the redhead’s one-arm hold. Sighing loudly in defeat, he looked down, seeing the littlest monster innocently standing next to Nat.
He smacked the up button probably harder than he needed to, but he was still reeling from trying to comprehend and file away the past hour. Once the elevator doors opened, he made sure PJ got in before stepping in himself, all too aware of being in an enclosed space with Steve. Feeling more panic settle in his chest, Tony swallowed nervously, attempting to keep his nausea at bay. After a second, a small tug on his jeans had him look down; PJ was grasping tightly to his pant leg, looking up at him with a curious face.
There was an awkward second before they all made the promise, still locked in the group hug. The feeling of safety no longer lingered, so Tony pulled away from Steve, sniffling and wiping away the few tears that had fallen.
Steve tilted his head and regarded him, so Tony ducked his head and continued to scrub, stopping where the water lapped just above his waist. Before he could dip his hand under the water, Steve suddenly grabbed his wrist and tugged up, forcing Tony to look at him. He offered a reassuring smile and took the soap from Tony’s hand, waving him away.
I think there will be one or two more chapters left. Here's to trying to finish this before the New Year.
Steve sighed and got up, moving over to the bed. He looked down at the two of them and shook his head, giving them both a fond smile.
“Too bad
“Witchcraft,” Tony murmured under his breath.
“I’ve got you, you’re alright,” Tony soothed, figuring Steve had tired himself out, “We’ll move soo—Steve?”
“Well, honeybear, Dad needs help with setting up for the Expo, so I’ve been working in his lab,” Tony had lied, flashing Rhodey one of his trademark smiles, “Have you missed me?”
“We can do this. Together,” he said softly, squeezing his hand, “As much as I want to see you single-handedly destroy the rest of HYDRA, I want to be right there next to you, where I belong. Alright?”
“Great, take me there.”
“O-okay, yep, this works,” Tony babbled wrapping his legs around Steve as the man ground up against him, “Easy,
“Pumpkin, you need to eat if you ever want to be ridiculously buff like your Papa,” he said, picking up a knife from the table to start cutting the sandwich into cubes, “Besides, PB&J is the best kind of sandwich. I promise you’ll like it.”
“Bathroom,” Steve said, immediately reaching for PJ, “He means bathroom, babe.”
“A lot more than you think,” he finally said, “I was hoping you would not ask, but I suppose it would be wrong to keep it from you.”
He groaned and shifted himself out of the bed, steadying himself on various pieces of furniture as he hobbled back to the bathroom. Thankfully, it was easy to clean himself up and drain the tub, but by the time he got a warm, wet rag to clean Steve off with his legs were starting to give out. It was only by sheer willpower alone that he managed to get back to the bed to wipe down Steve’s face and chest before carefully cleaning his groin, his face falling when the Alpha whimpered in his sleep.
“Shut up,” he grunted back, averting his gaze, “Obviously I liked it.”
“Okay, kiddo. A quick bath, then off to bed with you,” He said, ushering PJ off toward the bathroom, “Steve, you wanna get his bed ready, take the plate to the kitchen and pick out a bedtime story?”
Tony only mewled and thrust up again, panting into Steve’s neck as he tried to get himself off. He had gotten a good rhythm going, only to be placed in the tub that was rapidly filling with warm water. Disgruntled, he laid back and spread his legs, eagerly palming himself under Steve’s gaze.
“Daddy!” PJ yelled from the bathroom, interrupting them.
Clint’s eyes almost popped out of his skull. “She’s
He cut the connection and sat up, hanging the headset back up and propping his feet on the dash before leaning back in his chair with his arms behind his head. Listening to the calm chatter and laughter behind him, Steve closed his eyes, a warm smile coming to his lips as he let sleep take him for the rest of the ride home.
“So that’s how you did it, huh? What if I just kick you out now? The good Captain won’t be able to slow up in time before he runs you over and shoves your broken ribs into your heart,” the goon purred, flicking the chip out of the truck, “We’ll still have the kid, and we got by before without you.”
“Pepper Potts, ma’am,” she said formally.
“Report,” He demanded.
“Whaddya mean, why not? You know
Steve gave an exasperated sigh and rolled his eyes, but his smile was fond. Tony grinned and watched his boyfriend fiddle until it was his turn to go, gently easing himself up off of the chair.
Thor blinked and hurt flashed across his face for a moment, but it quickly settled into a neutral look as he translated to Steve. Tony did not want to watch, to see the anger and disappointment on that handsome face, but he forced himself to meet Steve’s eyes, holding his ground. Steve only raised an eyebrow at him, then turned to Thor, speaking again for quite a time.
Now came the dilemma: in order to dry himself, he needed to put Peter down, but there was no place in the bathroom where he would be safe while Tony dried and dressed. He could move to the bedroom, but that meant moving past Steve, and he was still unsure as to his boundaries in the unfamiliar environment. Steve noticed his hesitation and tilted his head, looking between Tony and Peter.
than welcome to leave.”
“You deserved that,” he said in between kisses, feeling Steve’s posture stiffen, “Don’t even try to tell me you didn’t, you
Steve stood up and crossed behind Thor so he could stand in front of Tony, only to drop to his knees with a sharp
understand my language?” He accused.
“Wait,” Tony said weakly, barely able to pick up a hand as Rhodey rode up and plucked Peter up to put in his own lap.
Turning, he nearly missed Steve’s color roaring back in full force, even darkening the tips of his ears to a rosy pink. Smirking in victory, Tony traipsed back into the bathroom, finding PJ fiddling with his wet hoodie as he shifted from foot to foot. He crouched down in front of the boy, smiling warmly at him.
“Come, darling. We have a lot to catch up on,” Tony said softly, smiling at Steve’s still bewildered look, “Beginning with Bruce teaching me a few pointers on how to speak like a Northerner.”
Tony smiled down at the baby and gently stroked his fine hair, letting Peter have his fill before helping him unlatch and moving him to his shoulder to pat his back.
Tony’s laugh was rough and forced him into a coughing fit, but it was still a laugh. He gratefully accepted the cup of water offered to him, drinking from the straw Bucky poked into his mouth. Once he’d had enough, he relaxed back against the bed, turning a dopey smile to him.
Her eyes flickered to Tony for only a second, but it was enough to make him feel nervous about what she would do to a person had someone else not been involved. He swallowed and stepped closer to Steve, holding Peter a little tighter when she raised an eyebrow.
“I can, but that does not mean I
Both men looked at each other for a moment before looking down at the boy, who was still asleep and much too pale against the sheet that covered him.
“It does not help him to put clothing on if you are just going to take it back off of him,” Sam groaned, “Can we get on with the meeting?”
“Sorry, darling, we do have to wait,” he said regretfully, reaching down to still Steve’s hips, “I want to take my time with you and not rush this. We will have the whole night to ourselves, yeah? Surely you can hold on for a few more hours.”
It felt like the breath in his lungs turned into ice. He had not had Peter for very long, but to think about not having him in arm’s length for anything longer than a night scared him to his core. This was
Tony thought to himself, staring off at the far wall as he disassociated from his body,
“Wait, was that the Jersey incident?” Rhodey asked, clearly overwhelmed by the information, “Why the fuck would two Brooklyn boys even
, whatever you want, just fuck me--”
“Daddy,” he announced, looking over at Tony with a grin.
The door creaked open, and there he was: amazing, gorgeous,
Immediately, PJ attached himself to Tony’s side, curling up to him with a sniffle. His tiny hand grabbed tight to Tony’s shirt, shaking a little with the force.
“Thanks,” he said softly, squeezing the hand the Steve was still clutching at like a lifeline.
She turned to smile at them, beckoning them closer.
“What the hell?” The guard asked, just as Tony cradled PJ to his chest and dived to the far side of the truck.
“Thank you,” he said, trusting that it would be safe for Peter.
“But it would be our first heat
“I know what it is fucking meant for, and as I said, I am
“No, no no no, Steve—”
“Everything’s legal in New Jersey,” They said, earning a sigh from Rhodey.
“If I lay down for even a moment, I think I will fall asleep,” Steve admitted weakly.
He chose not to answer. Instead, he brought up Tony’s hand to rest the back of it against his cheek, stroking his arm with his free hand. Guilt wormed deeper into his brain as he felt how thin Tony had become, even in just his forearms. He had no doubt that if he were to see Tony nude, he would be a whisper of the bodily strength he once had. Starvation would do that to any man, something that Steve was well acquainted with. He closed his eyes and tilted his face in toward Tony’s hand, pressing a soft kiss to his wrist as if he could abate even a bit of Tony’s suffering with the affection. He continued his kisses down Tony’s arm, only to pull back when a soft noise from Tony made him freeze.
No response.
Tony laughed harder and leaned into Steve’s shoulder, feeling the heat radiate off the man’s face. He sighed happily and pulled away, grabbing Steve’s hand to guide him toward the staircase. He felt…
“Of course I’m right.”
“I think you might have a hematoma,” she said, “It looks worse than a regular blood bruise. I’ll have someone come in and look at it, but I think we might have to drain it and keep an eye on it.”
Finally finished... Unbeta'd. Comments and kudos are really appreciated. Ask me questions over @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“Now, Steve!” Tony yelled, breaking out of the jungle and into the clear.
“Stand down, soldier. He’s trying to help Tony, not offend your marriage,” Rhodey said, putting a hand on Steve’s chest to push him toward the seats, “We need to get strapped in and then we’ll get him somewhere safe, okay?”
, he thought to himself,
“Yeah, seemed to help a whole lot,” the Captain answered, sitting down on the edge of the bed, “We’re great parents.”
“Perhaps congratulations to you and—”
“Darling, I wear your bite on my neck--had you forgotten already? It would be a death wish to try and steal me away from you. Our souls are entwined now, and not even the most handsome or smartest of Alphas could break that. Have faith, if not that your people are trustworthy, then in that I will stay by your side. You may infuriate me at times, but I have grown… fond of you.”
“No, no
“I was tortured. They wanted me to build the new missile for them. Eventually, I agreed, but Yinsen and I came up with a plan. However, I had to fix up the reactor first. The battery was a liability we couldn’t afford.”
“No, please, I’m fine,” Tony begged, struggling against the arms that held him against the stretcher, “I don’t want to go to the hospital.”
“You knew he was sensitive about it, Buck,” Steve muttered, earning a smack from Tony.
Peter huffed as he stuck a hand in his mouth to chew on, flailing his other arm up to beat on Tony’s chest. Laughing, Tony gave Pete his finger to hold onto, smiling at his boy’s antics.
. You guys could get the next one and I don’t and we’d be even!”
“Are you going to fuss with me, sweetheart?” He teased as he scooped the naked baby up, “You going to make me pay attention to you, one way or another? Do not worry, my love, I am all yours. Once your silly Papa gets all sorted out, we will go have a walk in the nice sun…”
“Guys, can you give us a moment? Nat, you and Bruce stay close,” Tony asked, not looking away from the boy.
“Fine. But I need you to move,” he said, hefting PJ up and depositing him on the end of the bed, “Stay.”
“Good morning, little one,” Tony said with a yawn.
Needless to say, once PJ calmed down, there was a sudden awkwardness in the room that not even Tony, the master of escaping awkward situations, could escape. Steve’s arms were wrapped too tightly around him and it’s not like he was about to leave the warmth of his own volition, either. Sure, he was being a little greedy—it wasn’t often the soldier allowed this type of touch, let alone offer it first to others. Realizing that Steve was starting to pull back, Tony took a quick breath, focusing himself on the armful of upset child in his possession.
“Steve? Beloved? Are you alright?” He said, eyebrows drawn together in concern, “You are as pale as a sheared lamb.”
"I don't know what that means but sure.", Peter shrugged.
"What what's like?", Bucky asked, continuing what he was doing.
"She was like me.", he added, quieter this time.
"Oh, are you surprised? I mean I could've shown you the file that proves that he is Irondad's son but, you know, the reveal is more dramatic this way. It's better for the plot." Steve barely heard Deadpool speak. His mind was racing.
"There is one more thing.", Peter said, his look uncertain, not scared but something not too far off. "You need to talk to me. Ask me what I-",
It was pleasant, that's all that Peter could say about death so far. Being dead was pleasant,  it was easy.
"Not talking to you Wade. ", Tony stated before returning his attention to Peter. "The code is my birth date.", he added.
4 things he could see. The window that looked out onto the highway, his phone on the nightstand, a picture on the wall that showed a couple at the beach, the navy curtains that looked black in this light.
"Yes, the afterlife is waiting for you just on the other side of that door.", Death nodded but Peter wasn't thinking about the other side. His thoughts were still stuck on Gwen and Tony, Bucky and Steve, on Wade. They'd have to go on without him.
"To have you?", he asked with a careful hint of humor. Bucky was testing the waters. He didn't know yet where they stood.
"Yeah. You?"
Lorenz smiled. Peter hated her, he wanted to rip that smile off her face. She patted his cheek. It was gentle and that's why it hurt. Then she forced a bit into his mouth , still smiling.
But right now? Peter only really had to fear for his own life. And killing him didn't seem to be part of the plan for now or Gwen would've already done it.
This brought Peter to finally look up again, eyebrows pulled into a frown. "I'm sorry that you had to hear that."
"Yeah. I'll let you know what they are once I figure them out myself.", he said sarcastically, his eye focused on his drink again.
"Yeah, but you also managed to recover somewhat. An overall 5 star rating.", Wade replied but he was lacking his regular chipper tone.
Why Peter?! What had he done to deserve all this fuckery?
Peter stood in front of Wade, Tony and Steve, his face empty of any emotion, while Tony couldn't stop his face from expressing exactly what he was feeling. Guilt and pain, thinly concealed. "Peter, I'm sorr-", he started but Peter had made it clear that he wasn't interested in apologies.
She took a deep breath, picked herself up and turned her back on them. "Will you keep this confidential?", Steve asked.
That seemed to be his primary emotion now. Exhaustion. Being alive was
"Nervous doesn't begin to describe it.", Wade replied, not bothering to conceal the bitter tone in his voice.
"Peter-", Wade gasped, tensing. His face was mere inches from Peter's, Peter could feel his breath on his skin and it burned.
"Wait!", Tony called out and jumped up. Peter froze before turning towards him again. Again, he braced himself for punishment, for violence, for the consequences. Again, it didn't come. "I could make you breakfast?", Tony suggested with a careful smile. Peter's words got stuck in his throat, whatever they were. But he managed to nod anyways.
"Where's the spider lady?", Peter asked, more himself again. Wade and him just returned to the house and found the two in the kitchen. It had taken Wade a while to get Peter out of his head again but being outside seemed to have helped.
"Peter. I- kidnapped you, I brought you back to Keipon. I could've killed you. If you hadn't pulled me out of it- if W- if Tony hadn't gotten the collar off- you'd be dead. And your blood would be on my hands.", She explained, her voice starting to crack. Peter knew all of this. He had been there, after all. He didn't see how any of that mattered, though.
So Tony drank. He hoped that it would relief some of the pain, numb him to the bottomless tear that had opened up in his chest. Blur some of the agony.
"Good. I don't think we'll be able to stay here any longer, though."
Gwen was the hopeful one, or maybe not hopeful, but she was resilient, tough as nails. In the end she broke as well. Peter broke her. Like everything he touched. His chest grew tight with the memory of her.
MJ gave him one of her 'not happy but not bitter'-smiles before crouching down to pick up Peter's phone and keys. "Hopefully.", she said, handing them over, her fingers only barely brushing Peter's skin. To Peter's surprise her touch didn't set him on fire.
Peter rolled with his eyes."Obviously I do."
"Thanks, I appreciate that. ", Peter smirked sarcastically.
The Black Widow didn't look impressed. "She's waiting in her cell-",she started to say, which was an awful start.
Wade let himself slump back into his bed.
"Thanks for that. ",Peter said, real gratitude in his eyes and it twisted Wade's heart. Apparently it hadn't died with Vanessa after all.
"Okay, wanna get lunch tomorrow?", Wade asked when Peter and MJ already stood in the doorframe.
So, the last chapter made a few of you a bit upset? Not gonna lie, for now it isn't getting any better.
"Wade. Stop. I'm dying.", he said and something in Wade broke.
"Weird flex but okay.", Wade commented and the faintest smile tugged at the corners of Peter's lips.
"No, not at all. That totally wasn't a concern of mine.", Wade let out a breathless laugh as he crossed the roof to get to Peter.
"Yeah, obviously.", Peter said, so matter of factly that Wade almost believed him.
"I- I never- Wade didn't-", Peter began to stutter. He and Wade had never managed to do anything, Peter didn't even know if Wade shared his feelings, Peter died before Wade could explain himself.
"Did he also tell you about what I did? About what they found out about me?", he asked and there was an edge in his voice, like he was challenging Bucky. Steve indeed didn't tell him about any of that, so Bucky shook his head. "I have a file, it documents everything I did at HYDRA.", Peter started and Bucky noticed how he said
"You're finished.", Bruce said and Peter sat up again and just when Wade thought
"You're HYDRA-", his voice was barely above a whisper and his whole throat ached as he spoke.
Memories of being hosed down with ice cold water until he was curled up on the floor, shivering and sobbing popped up. "That's actually worse...", he sighed before forcing himself to go in. He stopped a few inches in front of the bath, watching it as if it would attack him.
"Sorry, I'm being a dick. I'm... tense... and tired.", he sighed, actually looking at Wade this time, giving him an apologetic smile.
Wade hated that. Hated that it sounded like a threat, like a promise. "Doesn't everybody?", he asked, a bitter smile tugging at his lips.
Wade hadn't necessarily chosen to tell Domino. It just so happened that they were on a mission that took longer than expected and they were trapped in some psychopaths layer but Wade really needed to sleep so he explained the whole situation to Dom so that she would kill him.
"Hey, look at me,", Peter asked her but she wouldn't meet his eyes so he slipped off the couch and knelt down in front of her, taking her hands into his and waiting for her to look at him  "Gwen, look at me. I'm right here, I'm fine. Here, you feel this?", He reassured her before moving one of her hands to his wrist and guiding her fingers to his veins where she could feel his strong and steady pulse.
"Yeah.", He nodded glancing up at her.
"Describes it pretty well.", Peter nodded but it didn't sound quite right. It's not that he was freaking out or anything but Peter's emotions were... unpredictable to say the least. His mood could flip in a matter of seconds and right now it was balancing on the edge between nonchalance and dissociation-station.
Bucky decided to turn to Gwen and Peter. He knelt down in front of Peter, taking Peter's messed up hand into his. The pain was dull, very different than a shot wound. "Come on, we'll check on your wounds for now. Wade, can you get me the first aid kit?"
"You better hurry, or you'll have two HYDRA agents on your hands. Hail HYDRA.", Gwen replied before abruptly ending the call.
"Don't worry 'bout me, Petey-Pie. I'll be a-okay. You go do your thing, get better, maybe become a surfer-boy in Cali. You'd look cute with a beaded necklace!", Wade could tell that he was rambling but like most of the time, it was better than the alternative. Saying what he really thought. Nobody cared about that anyways.
They found the wreck several miles outside New York and seeing it with his own eyes opened up a pit in Wade's stomach, a dark hole that was always there but right now it was growing, consuming him.
Keipon let out a surprised laugh and clapped his hands as if Peter had just told a great joke. "Peter! Could it be that you developed a spine? ", he asked before taking a step closer, regarding Peter with his cruel eyes. "Come on, say that again, this time with more feeling.", he added, his tone mocking.
"Shut up and move, blondie!", he snapped at Gwen and the girl scrambled away, curling up at Peter's side, while crying uncontrollably.
"You must be a pretty shit spy. I found like thousands of pictures of you when I googled your name." Peter was casually strolling into the foyer, Wade close behind him.
In the five days that Peter had spend in a coma, his body too busy with healing than to bring up enough energy to wake him, Tony had thought through thousands of nightmare scenarios. That Peter would never wake up and just spend the rest of his life in this catatonic state, that he'd wake up but just be an empty soulless shell, that he'd wake up as some kind of Frankenstein monster, with no memory of a human life or simply, that he'd wake up and wouldn't remember any of them.
I'm on a roll baby!
"Yeah, in case we ever get separated. My number is saved on it.", Bucky explained but Peter had already found his way into the contacts.
. It was a constant rhythm in his mind. With every step it repeated itself.
"Like you're pitying me.", Peter mumbled.
No. Just imagining it already filled him with dread. But did he want to live in a world where Peter was dead? Definitely not.
"Yeah, Steve and I are dating, have been for a while.", Tony replied before setting a plate down in front of Peter and after a moment of hesitation in front of Wade as well.
Once she came out from under the bed she wasted no time before flipping the file open and starting to skim through it. She skipped most of the gory details. No matter what Steve and Tony though, she wasn't doing this out of some twisted enjoyment. It was just a safety measure. It was still hard, though. The things they did to him, the descriptions, the pictures. It was all awfully familiar and horrifying in a unique way at the same time. It sent shivers down her spine.
"They programmed him, Tony! Just like James! Codewords and all. He's a weapon!", The widow shot back and Wade had trouble holding back his own fury. Something in him came alive.
Having MJ around was great. Peter had feared that their dynamic would change now that she knew who he was but it stayed just as natural and effortless as before.
"I promise. You call the shots.", he nodded. "You need to talk to them, though. They can't keep on thinking that you're dead, okay?"
It was Keipon's touch, all over his skin, leaving burn marks. It was liquid fire, igniting his veins. It was looking into a mirror and seeing a cadaverous corpse with no hands and no mouth and 8 eyes. It was Gwen, ripped apart, all blood and broken bones, punching into his chest until she could grab his heart and crush it.
"Don't be. Messed up is fine. ", MJ replied and to Peter's surprise she sounded absolutely genuine. Sure, she didn't know half the things that were wrong with him, but he had thought that even the few things she did know would scare her away, would make her back off. When she didn't, Peter didn't even know what to do with himself.
"Oh fuck- What's wrong with him?", he asked breathlessly. He pulled his mask off, for some reason he needed Peter to see him right now.
Peter let out a groan, the kind of sound signaling defeat, telling the universe that he was done. He buried his face in his hands. "No...", he said, his voice muffled by them. "I actually can't even imagine going anywhere near a lab without spiraling out of control. It's... it's fucked. "
"Gwen.", Peter repeated and they couldn't see his face but it sounded like he was about to cry.
alive. This was good. But Steve also knew what HYDRA did to people.
"It wasn't her fault-", Peter whispered before a violent coughing fit got a hold of him, blood splattered from his lips and Wade now fully realized that Peter was bleeding out, inside and out. He couldn't heal. If Peter didn't heal he'd die.
Wade had a sense of responsibility, Peter admired that about him. But surely even Wade had a limit to his kindness and Peter didn't want to challenge that.
"I thought road trips were our thing.", Wade said. He tried to go for humor but it didn't quite land.
Peter knew that look, knew that feeling. The feeling of looking at yourself and being disgusted. So he wasn't surprised when Gwen started to shake, when she wrapped her arms around herself protectively and started to rock slightly. Peter just wrapped his arms around her and let her cling to him as she sobbed quietly. "Hey, hey... it's okay, you're safe now.", he whispered in her ear.
"Not at all, baby boy, not at all."
MJ let out a heavy sigh, hiding her face in her hands. It was strange to see her so vulnerable."I feel like shit. Like I used you to prove something to myself."
Peter didn't pull away, didn't divert his eyes, didn't cower. "I'll miss you, too." It made Wade's heart ache and swell at the same time.
"What if he doesn't believe us!? What if he takes one look at me and kicks us out?! And what if he doesn't,  I don't know this man, Wade! For all I know he handed me over to HYDRA! And even if he didn't,  what if he hates me! I wouldn't even blame him, I mean, I'm a mess, I wouldn't wanna be my father either-", the words came out like the shots of an automatic rifle and Peter had no idea where they were even coming from. They were just spilling out of him.
The boxes weren't gone, Wade knew that they always returned eventually, but they were quiet for now.
Bucky had seen a lot of things, a lot of images that would keep him up at night and haunt him forever. Seeing Peter laying on the bathroom floor in a pool of his own blood would be one of these terrible sights he'd never get rid of. Wade was shaking violently and cursing while panicked sobs wrecked his body. Bucky's mind shifted into that weird headspace. It turned analytical, detached. He had a job to do, his emotions couldn't interfere with that. He observed the situation in mere seconds. There was a pair of blood stained scissors laying a few feet away. Wade was pressing a towel to Peter's arm, it was getting soaked in blood. Peter was passed out. Bucky knelt down next to Wade and Peter. He checked Peter's pulse. It was racing but steady.
"Nobody's disappointed by you.", Bucky stated and he hated that Peter still thought that he was at fault, as if he was fucking this up.
"Yeah, of course it's about Peter, what else would it be about?"
. How fitting. Wade wasn't surprised that Peter didn't have the strongest bond to those words.
"Have you thought about it before?", Wade asked carefully, resuming his haircut. The answer wasn't really shocking, though it didn't make it any less gut wrenching.
Tony had a gash on his forehead that was dripping blood all over the place but he only blinked a couple of times before asking:"FRIDAY? Where's Peter?"
"I- I need to see him, can I- can I see him?", Tony stammered, stumbling towards Steve, eyeing the door like Peter would enter the room any second. There was a spark in his eyes that Steve had never seen before. Something like hope. It broke Steve's heart that he had to tell Tony the truth first.
I really hope you like this turn of events because there are gonna be a couple Peter and MJ chapters now. Wade won't be completely absent, don't worry. Also, it'll be less Angsty and more...fun? What's that?
"Michelle. But my friends call me MJ.", she replied with a shrug and Peter raised his eyebrows.
"James and Peter Parke. What do we need those for?", he asked.
"If you say so.", he said instead. The words felt weird in his mouth. Bucky gave him a nod before turning away. He hovered in the doorway, asking a silent question when he faced the others again.
"Gwen, I know you're in there, you gotta snap out of this. ", he whispered. At this point it wasn't even about saving himself anymore, for Peter it had never been about himself.
"So you chose to let someone experiment on you?", Peter asked and he didn't mean for it to sound so accusatory but he was baffled. Why would he choose to be dissected and tortured, why would he let someone use him as a guinea pig? For what? To get some powers? Peter couldn't comprehend it. He'd give up his powers in a second, if that would undo the years of torture and subsequent damage he endured.
But it is tooth rotting fluff and since I don't write fluff often I can't wait to hear you thoughts on it, I hope you enjoy it!
The guards that had held him in place for so long let go of him, following Keipon to the other door across from Peter, probably escorting him to safety. Peter only now realized that they had been effectively, holding him up. Without their support he felt like he was moments away from collapsing. A look down to his clothes told him that they were soaked in blood. He might not even need Gwen to kill him, she might've already done the job.
"Sure."
"So, am I going to meet your man on this trip? I wanna check out if he's actually as great as you make him seem, which is pretty unlikely.", MJ asked with a cheeky grin after a while. He had told her a lot about Wade in the past few weeks and vice versa but the two had never met before.
Once they got to the part of the movie where Jo had her speech about women and their place in the world Peter actually heard MJ sniffling beside him.
"Deadpool, to your service!", the stranger replied and Steve figured that he wouldn't get his real name. Still, the name sounded familiar, maybe he was a minor superhero, that would explain the costume.
"I'm not a kid.", Peter said. There was no edge to his tone, no bite. It sounded matter of fact. Because it was. Peter wasn't a child, in a way he hadn't been since HYDRA took him. But it was sometimes hard to remember that.
Okay,  first of, I'm super sorry that this took so long and that it is so short. I just had exams and I was working on some original stuff and I also fell in love with a the Raven Cycle Books (holy fuck, that series killed me, I'm not finished yet because I'm dreading being done with it).
as everything else about Peter right now.
He began with a sigh,
The presence of a boy in Tony's home seemed to be enough of a surprise to finally wipe the blank expression off her face. What was left was hard to define but there was a certain confusion there.
"You told me your name within five minutes of meeting me, it didn't seem all that secret."
"Yeah, it really does wonders when you're not tortured and starved every day.", Peter spat, or he tried to. It was considerably harder to sound sharp when he was seconds away from a full blown panic attack.
"Of course, kid. Why wouldn't it be?"
"He climbed out of his room and onto the roof.", she replied and a statement like this still got Tony's heart to skip a beat. But he also knew that this wasn't unlike Peter, either.
Peter gave a reluctant nod and they were in.
"Good...", he mumbled before losing consciousness again.
"How did you arrive at that conclusion?", Peter asked, faking offence. Sure, he'd like to dig deeper and figure out what Tony was thinking off. But then again he didn't want to push his luck, he didn't want to annoy his father. He said they'd talk about it later so Peter would follow that order. A rare case in which his curiosity took a backseat.
Now everything was muddled up again.
"Gwen, don't do this, it's not too late to turn the jet around." That was Bucky's voice, calm, collected, goal oriented.
"Come on.", he sighed, getting up from his chair. Bucky wished that he hadn't seen the relief that washed over Peter's face for just a second when he got out of bed. Like getting to be outside was the greatest gift Peter could've received in that moment. Bucky climbed out the window first, pulling himself up onto the roof with a little effort. When Peter followed him he insisted on pulling Peter up by his hand even though Peter could've probably easily climbed up himself. Once they reached the roof Bucky placed both of them at a safe distance away from the edge and even though he didn't hold onto Peter he never let him further away than an arm's length. If Peter noticed, he didn't mention it. He just stood there, eyes closed, his head tilted back a little. He didn't smile, his expression didn't really change at all, except... it didn't look as tight, he seemed to relax even more out here. They stood like this, in silence, for a while. At some point Peter opened his eyes and watched the sun rise, painting the sky in shades of red and gold. Bucky watched Peter.
"Peter-", MJ gasped, her eyes wide just as the stranger yelled: "Hands in the air!" Peter's hands shot up immediately, he was still programmed to obey orders, but his mind didn't shut off.
"He'll never forgive me." That was Tony's voice. He hadn't said anything until then, hadn't even made an indication that he had been listening. Just staring at nothing.  Wade was suddenly angry at the other man. No... There was nothing sudden about it. He had been angry this whole time. Now his anger just found a new direction.
"My point is that I there is no way that she hates you. ", Tony said, trying to reassure Peter but Peter didn't want to hear it. He had no idea what he even wanted. Noting made sense to him anymore.
After a while he held on to one of the trees, crawled up as high as possible, he could feel the rough texture of the bark underneath his fingers.
I'm blown away by the responses this fic is getting. Thank you so much for reading and commenting on it. Your comments are actually what motivates me to keep writing.
The room was on fire, the bed was on fire. Peter was pretty sure. Or maybe it was just him, just his mind, dissolving in a burning inferno.
"That's enough. ", Wade mumbled but he didn't start up the car again, maybe because he knew that Peter wasn't done yet, wasn't off the ledge completely.
Great fucking job, indeed.
This was a good thing. Steve tried to tell himself that. Peter was
Peter sat up straight, his heart racing until he spotted MJ, a few feet away from him in the pool, holding onto the edge of it. Her curly hair was open and soaking wet and the light reflected on her damp skin. Her expression was as neutral as ever.
"Yeah... she was the best.", Wade nodded, a sad smile pulling at his lips. "I think I might have a type, too. ", he added.
"-did I ignore you for 3 months?", Gwen finished and Peter would be lying if he said that it didn't ache to hear that she had been consciously ignoring him.
He had been a fool for thinking that he could be more than this. He had told Tony and Steve, had told Wade, had even told himself to not get his hopes up.
It made sense to meet them at a separate location. It would've been foolish to let Gwen fly Tony Stark's tech to an actual HYDRA facility. Peter wouldn't be surprised, if they even wiped all HYDRA locations from Gwen's mind so that she couldn't give anything away in case of an interrogation.
"Because we respect your privacy.", Tony replied to which Peter narrowed his eyes at him.
"Of course, baby boy. ", he replied gently.
He refused to address whatever happened this morning once he left the bathroom, not a surprise but still. Wade was concerned.
Once they landed in a large court yard Gwen got up and grabbed a hold of Peter's shoulder, yanking him up onto his feet. He knew that she probably didn't care but he also didn't want to give the other HYDRA agents the satisfaction of seeing him in pain.
"But I won't send him away! I would never!", Tony protested. He knew that but how was he supposed to make Peter believe that?
Until it wasn't. From one moment to the next Peter felt wrong. Just all types of wrong. His head was spinning, he was nauseous, everything around him got unfocused.
to not be what HYDRA made me, I
"You were right, and I was blind, and I was an ass."
They spend a lot of days like this, driving in silence, so much so that soon the silence became comfortable. They didn't always need to fill it with words and that was okay.
"FRIDAY says there is one more hallway behind this door and the enhanced person is behind that hallway.", Tony announced through the comms at some point.
Peter closed the door to the bathroom with shaky hands. Even though Wade told him last night that he wasn't his prisoner, that he wouldn't hurt Peter, and even though he slowly started to believe him, Peter couldn't quite get past his experiences.
Peter didn't answer at first.  Like before, he seemed to struggle with his words. His eyes grew distant for a moment before focusing in on Wade again. "Thank you for not taking me up on the offer." Wade knew what he ment right away. Peter, crazed and desperate, promising to be
Yeah, there was no point in hiding from his voices but that didn't mean that he needed anyone else seeing him like this.
"Now move.", Gwen ordered before grabbing a hold of Peter's shoulder. He could've tried to fight her, they were pretty matched when it came to strenght, but he knew that Gwen wasn't bluffing. If she was really activated she wouldn't care about her own life. And HYDRA never cared about sacrificing their soldiers. So he let her lead him to the hangar that was connected to the mansion. He would have to get out of this another way, a way that didn't get either of them killed.
It was already pretty late and aside from the cashier, that only gave Wade one strange look before returning her attention to her magazine, they were alone.
"Really?", Peter asked, his voice equally shaky but also hopeful.
Peter needed a few minutes and about a dozen reassurances that Wade wasn't a hallucination but eventually he calmed down and let Wade help him onto his feet.  The boy looked around the massacre like he was only noticing it now and Wade feared that he'd throw up again but surprisingly he only looked thoughtful, like he was trying to figure
"Uh! Can we take one of your fancy sports cars?", Wade asked excitedly. He was in a strangely good mood today. Not that he wasn't usually. Wade was pretty much always up for jokes but today he seemed weirdly cheery.
Though even if it did, it looked almost comical amongst the still reddening other knuckles, one of which was already starting to go a little dark. How the fuck was he supposed to keep this under wraps, for lack of a better word? He wasn’t willing to add any more Hawkeye paraphernalia to his being, lecture be damned. Not like that would have been any less conspicuous anyway.
This smile, however, radiating love and trust, nicely wrapped in all the Tony Stark sass, and yet somehow no less stunning for all the guilt weighing it down, only made panic and bile rise up in Steve’s throat, cutting off his air.
Yes...yes, they are. But not as beautiful as her. Nothing was as--
“Sir. Five minutes remaining till sequence input is required.”
Tony closed his eyes, teeth painfully digging into his bottom lip for only a moment before he leaned up to kiss Steve’s temple, somehow managing to keep the steady contact despite both their trembling, and Steve trying to wrap his chin around Tony’s neck in a desperate attempt keep him there as best he could, as Tony embraced him one more time.
“Oh. Yes. Yes, that I am. Back. I am back.”
“You ever tell anyone and I am dismantling you.”
Steve returned his, now suspicious narrow-eyed, gaze back to Tony whose expression had gone from simply curious to insistent.
“Yes,” he answered, drawing the word out into five syllables. The evidence was found, no point in lying now. May as well just try to carefully steer it from here. “Um, yes. I did. Just a small-”
He hated that look.
"Oh, Tony...this is your ninth symphony." - IM: Obie taking out Tony's arc reactor
He didn’t respond. Instead, Steve watched as Tony’s eyes left his and seemed to be soaking in his face, mapping him like he had so many times before. He knew that look.
There was another silence as they each continued to stare at the other. Tony’s face pinched in defensiveness, Steve’s somewhat unreadable.
A portal...darkness……..alone…..
“I could…” He took another steadying breath. He could do this. For Steve, for his mother, he could do this. “I’ll show you then. If you want.”
Curious and figuring that it wouldn’t hurt to try a piece, Steve had opened the oddly shaped box and tried a piece.
“Oh. Yeah, he um...he’s a good kid. Smart. Funny.” Tony could still picture the look on his face when he held his newly assembled arm with such pride and joy. And how it fell when his dad had entered the room. “He’s got a bright future ahead of him if he can pull through.”
No…no, not…Obie…
Because for as confident as he was trying to sound for Tony’s sake, Steve was more than a little terrified that this evening he’d been planning over the last three weeks (though, the last few days of that was really more spent psyching himself up to actually go through with it…also, checking and double checking the weather) was going to backfire and combust in an epic display.
But he just put on a smile if only because he knew Tony would hear it as Steve brought one of his hands toward him to press a kiss on his palm. “I do know. And I trust you to know that everything I do is because I love you.”
“Yes,” Tony answered with no small amount of hesitance. Not exactly the feel Steve had been going for, but he was hoping his next words would help.
“That story. I mean it’s sad but...it’s sweet, too.”
He couldn’t breathe….why...oh god, why couldn’t he breathe?
“Okay, just a few more steps now.”
Tony waved over his shoulder as the elevator door opened and he stepped in.
Steve….Steve...Steve’s here. He...safe...Steve’s here. He’s safe.
“Nothing’s...what?”
(giving credit where credit is due)
He pushed away. He needed to get away. This was not love. Love doesn’t steal. Doesn’t torture. Doesn’t kill….or maybe it does but this…not this...
If Steve hadn’t known Tony as well as he did, he wouldn’t have understood the slight shift in him as the relieved sigh that it was. “Well, that will all depend on whose side you’re on.”
“It tastes better this way.”
What Steve couldn’t bring himself to ignore was something that Tony had left wide open and Steve was not about to let this gnawing question go unanswered.
“Nope. Nothing else.”
Tony felt the fabric in his hands pull away. A high-pitched sound erupted from the back of his throat as his grip on Steve’s jacket tightened into a painful hold. The grass beside him rustled as Steve returned to his position.
“The cow herder went with his two children to find and bring back his beloved wife, but the goddess cut a wide river into the sky, what we know today as the Milky Way, forever separating them: the princess on one side sadly weaving away on her loom, and her husband caring for their children on the other.
Before he could talk himself out of it, Tony closed his eyes and went back into his memory, letting his mother’s voice come to life within him.
“Hey! That’s hardly the point! That little pest can now withstand a good five Hulk hits. The real and only noteworthy point here,” he hissed at JARVIS, “is that he better be damn near thrilled.”
Fast forward a few years and one supper serum later, and Steve found he could eat pretty much anything he damn well pleased without so much as getting a stomachache. He’d been too wrapped up in the war to really pay that much mind at first, but after the ice, he’d taken the time to explore his options. Sushi, Kimchi, Philly-cheese steak, pizza with every topping under the sun. He hadn’t really put much energy into the sweeter side of it, until one fateful day when he’d had his eyes opened to his unbeknownst love of dark chocolate.
Tony rolled his eyes, remembering the day Clint had come in, holding the box high like it was a Heisman trophy, announcing that he was officially the coolest member. Natasha had remarked that it was a reflection on his klutziness. True to form, he’d used his first bandage that night.
His hand made contact and immediately gripped closed around cloth, metal barbs biting into his palm - a zipper….a jacket? - and held on.
Tony continued nodding as he made his way towards the door, taking the time to put the glove back on, wincing as he did. Did the damn thing shrink?
He couldn’t let them down. His team needed him. He couldn’t let them down now, after everything they’d been through to get here. There had been so much pain already, so many hardships, so much grief. Though that had nothing on the fact that he hadn't seen Tony in awhile and that always sent him careening into panic without fail, to say nothing of that the last he’d seen him, Tony had been pissed as hell at the entire situation. And, genius though he may be, that was when he tended to make his most idiotic decisions, effectively shortening Steve’s life expectancy by the decade in sheer trepidation.
Fear careens into panic. Anguish. Terror...
“Well yeah, that too, it’s just...I mean I get that they’re gods and all, but so’s Thor, and granted he eats enough to feed a small army, but I highly doubt he could swallow a baby whole.”
The first time had been an accident. Tony was a man of acquired tastes. Aka expensive tastes. Aka one could probably run a small country on the amount he shelled out when he took anyone out to a nice dinner. So Steve had been a bit hesitant when he’d stumbled across a triangular cardboard prism labeled in bright red on a black background the word Toblerone. The name sounded vaguely familiar, something someone had mentioned during the war but hadn’t paid much mind to – as he’d had more important things to think about at the time – and he was fairly certain he’d seen Natasha eating out of a similar yellow box before.
He took a few steps to continue on his way, stopping only once to again turn back with an authoritative, “Carry on,” before finally disappearing into the hall.
The soldier’s hands moved up Tony’s back to pull him in more, one going right to the engineer’s neck in a possessive hold that he knew Tony loved, earning a deep moan for his efforts.
Steve just stared at the empty doorway, mouth open and brows furrowed in utter confusion. A rather loud explosion from the TV had him turning back to see what perils the Doctor had gotten himself into this time, deciding to chalk the odd behavior up to just Tony being Tony.
“Mm. What’s worse is that the people pray for good weather on that day, because if it’s too cloudy or it rains, the magpies can’t find their way and the lovers have to wait another year to be together.”
“Peachy keen, honeybunch. Why do you ask?”
Pepper…...beautiful Pepper...
There was another hand.
The smile Tony threw at him this time…oh, it just wasn’t fair.
“Oh. Good then.”
Steve was pulled from his wonderings to look back down to his jacket-covered boyfriend draped over his chest. “Persephone?”
Of all the stories she’d told, this one had always held him captivated, no matter how old he was, no matter how many times he had heard it before. From the moment she started the story until even a while after they had been silently staring at the skies, basking in the shared closeness, she’d always held him just a little bit tighter, her voice taken on a wistful tone that had made Tony want to believe that magic and love were real. And her eyes would always be just a little bit brighter, a touch more alive than he had ever seen them before.
“Nice. Sam’ll be happy. I know he worries about the little guy when he lets it out on missions.”
Oh, Obie, please...not you….don’t do this….
Steve eventually let his head fall back to rest in the grass, his hand not cradling Tony’s head falling back into its rhythm of gently rubbing circles into his back.
Steve had to wait for his chuckling to die down before he could get out a full question. “How...I mean…He just
The rebuff went ignored as the hand on the back of his neck came up, the plates of the gauntlet sliding away so there was nothing but warm skin to touch his cheek. “I don’t expect you to be okay with it,” Tony said in a reverent voice as he watched his own fingers trace Steve’s face. “I certainly wouldn’t be. In fact, we both know I’d be downright furious, you ever tried to pull anything like this,” he added with reserved chuckle. “But...I’m the one who has the say this time, so--”
“I do. I know, Tony. Of course I know,” Steve choked out, because even if they weren’t here on a battlefield, saying ‘I love you’s that sounded far too much like ‘goodbye’s, he needed Tony to know that. Above all else, he loved Tony desperately, and he knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that his love was more than returned. Tony had never let a day go by that left Steve feeling anything less than cherished. “I know, Tony. I...I love you.” He didn’t even care that his words were beginning to waver between more kisses. “I love you. I love you. Please...Please, Tony. Please don’t leave me.”
Help me…
“Not hiding it. Just cold. It’s twenty-four degrees out.”
“There was a fairy princess who weaved the most beautifully colored clouds, pinks and golds and blues, more vibrant than any other could create. But she was restless and grew bored of her heavenly duties. So she stole down to Earth for a night in search of some fun. While there, she met a mortal cow herder, and they fell desperately in love. They were soon married and had two beautiful children. And they were happy.
Tony had blinked rapidly, breaking him out of the trance first, and didn’t speak a word as he’d closed the distance in three large steps to take Steve’s hand to lick off what was left of the chocolate for him, even going so far as to slip two whole fingers into his mouth until his lips caressed the base knuckle as his tongue did it’s ever best to lick every last bit of the chocolate away. Once his task was finished and an entirely different digit of Steve’s was aching for similar attention, Tony used the now clean hand to pull Steve toward the bedroom to do just that.
Steve quickly plucked off another piece and shoved both into his mouth. Obviously one just was not going to be nearly enough to distract him from whatever madness this was.
(See the end of the chapter for
HELP ME!
Holding the piece close, he closed his eyes and inhaled the rich scent of the succulent treat, already feeling his mouth tingle in anticipation in its Pavlovian response. He brought he piece to his lips and plopped it into his mouth, humming as the bold taste hit his tongue and made every taste bud sing with pleasure.
Another convulsive twitch that ended in a punching exhale and no corresponding inhale. His eyes slammed closed but that just made it worse.
“Hey….you….are you back with me? Can you hear me?”
Steve shook his head and leaned in for another kiss. “Smart-ass.” When he pulled back, his smile grew as he pulled the jacket back just enough for only him to see the sky again. “Hey, you think you could tell me what the stars look like for...
“What?”
“Yes, mom,” Tony sighed as he made to stand out of the car.
His chest began to ache again, this time with a much more welcome tenderness, though no less poignant.
“No, Tony,” Steve insisted fiercely, his heart breaking for the man in his arms. He had vivid memories of his own mother reading him bedtime stories, then just sitting up and talking with him when he was older. Of going out to see parades and to the carnival if he was feeling strong enough. He always felt a little guilty whenever he spoke about his mother with Tony, knowing the engineer didn’t have much to trade back with. But hearing that now, it both eased that gnawing sense of pity that Tony hadn’t had that kind of childhood, as well as dug the pain in a little deeper knowing that he actually did have a few nice memories mashed somewhere in between all the bad, but they were so rare and personal that he hadn’t been willing to share any of it with anyone until after it had been ripped away from him.
Enjoy!
One hand that had been cupped around his ears - not far away, then...muffled - slid off and moved very slowly outward. He felt himself shaking, fingers trembling and jerky in their movement, as his hand hovered--
“Easy,” Natasha replied, concentrating on reading, “Just steal you. Or your sheets. Have you been kidnapped lately?”
“James?” Bruce suggested, “For Rhodey? That seems like the most obvious name.”
“Don’t push it,” She said as she dropped the device from her sleeve to the ground, smiling as she crushed it with her Louboutin heel.
“Not sad. Thinking,” he corrected, standing with an ‘oomph,’ “I do that a lot.”
“You shake it to get rid of the line. It’s all based on magnets and graphite strips and stuff, so don’t eat it. It’s a cool drawing exercise, though,” Tony continued, an embarrassed smile on his lips, “I used to have one at MIT. Rhodey would get me seemingly simple toys to frustrate the hell out of me when I couldn’t do shit with it.”
Unbeta'd. Comments & Kudos appreciated.
“Doesn’t matter, you have to choose,” Natasha said.
, he thought.
“I seek refuge,” Tony blurted out nervously, curling in on himself as the people with spears began to surround them, “I—I did not know where else to go. My father would follow me everywhere…except here. I was hoping to be granted an audience with the P-prime.”
Steve put his hands on his hips and stared down at him until Tony averted his gaze, pulling up his furs a bit higher as if they would protect him.
“No. He’ll probably be McCoy’s opposite.”
“Shut up and give me back my baby,” Tony scowled.
Fall turned to Winter to Spring; the leaves changed and fell and grew back on their branches, turning the once brown and barren landscape into a field of green. Flowers bloomed on every shrub and bush and painted color back onto the castle grounds. Time passed, and with it brought growth. Peter was nearly one now, and though he was still a small little thing he had become quite the toddler. He had acquired a head full of the soft brown curls of his father alongside his laugh, disguised as a tiny giggle. A few teeth had begun to fill in his smile, but that had only caused a lot of long nights of pained whimpers from both him and Tony. That, and he found his voice early, babbling a constant stream of nonsensical noises. Tony could not help but hold ‘conversations’ with him, hopeful that his encouragement would coax out a few real words.
“What? What is it? PJ, shh, it’s okay,” He tried, “What’s wrong?”
“Can I ask about something?” Tony asked.
Rhodey laughed as he exited the kitchen, leaving Tony to stare at the plate in front of him. With a thousand jumbled thoughts trying to right themselves in his head, he filled up PJ’s sippy cup with water and grabbed the plate and child utensils to take down to his room. He ended up having to hip-bump the door open, but then Clint was there, taking the food from his hands so he could help PJ sit up in bed.
“Okay, your turn,” he said to PJ, crouching down and holding his hand out, “C’mere.”
It was undeniable how gorgeous the Alpha looked. The light accentuated each curve and bulge of his muscles and drew attention to his sharp jawline, etherealizing him in a way that perhaps only a full moon could have had a chance to replicate. He was a god among men, even if his less-than-confident stance suggested otherwise. Momentarily, Tony wondered that if he stared much longer his eyes would burn out, like those before him that had had the opportunity to gaze upon angels.
Unbeta'd. Comments & Kudos appreciated.
, was all he managed before a fist poked through the door opening to knock, followed by Steve’s face.
supposed to mean?” he asked, letting her squeeze his shoulder before disappearing into the next room.
“He is usually careful with his strength. To be this careless shows how out of it he is. Let us give him some time to be alone and perhaps he will come to his senses.”
Tony punctuated his words by bringing down the hammer, then shoved the half-flattened steel back into the coals to heat up again. He only realized his scent had grown sour when Peter began to wail loudly, taking both men by surprise. Tony swore and dumped the hot steel into a bucket of water so he could run back over to the baby, scooping him up into his arms to comfort him.
“I radioed in for a med team to take him once we land,” Natasha said as Steve approached the cockpit, sitting down heavily in the co-pilot’s seat, “Tony said he’ll wait for us inside. Apparently, PJ’s having a really good day, and he doesn’t want the kid to freak out by seeing us all—”
