“Yes,” John said, marveling at the turn of event these past few hours. Where was his heterosexual crisis? His panic at finding himself in bed with his insane flatmate? Nowhere, clearly. Instead all John felt was wonder and awe. Gratitude. Desire. A frisson of alarm when Sherlock pushed him down on the bed and covered John with his whole body, kissing John passionately, all hot wet tongue and hungry mouth. It was a new experience for John, being pressed into the bed by someone so much bigger than he. But before he could analyze the feeling any further Sherlock slid down his body, kissing, nipping, licking: John’s neck, shoulders, his scar; nipples and sternum; navel and hip, the crease separating thigh and groin. It was too exquisite not to give himself up to the sensations.
“No! No, not like anyone else at all. John, my John…” Sherlock whipped off his long, ridiculous, sexy coat and folded it once, twice. He lay it on the floor and with his usual startling grace sank to his knees on top of it. He loosened the scarf from his neck and tossed it aside, his long, capable fingers unfastened the button on John’s trousers.
So finally John let himself go, thrusting into Sherlock with a punishing rhythm: grinding, pumping, driving himself until he felt his scrotum tightening and the heat gathering and all the blood rushing from his head…and he gripped Sherlock’s hips tighter as he came and came and cried out…
– but his body knew what to do. His body moved in and rutted against Sherlock’s leg, and Sherlock broke off from the kiss, leaned his head back against the wall, and groaned like something had broken inside of him. John licked a long swath up and down that gorgeous white neck. He clamped his lips and teeth and he bit, sucked long and hard, at last pulling off to see the dark love bite on Sherlock’s neck. The sight both astounded and thrilled him.
“Yeah, right,” John muttered. Knees creaking painfully, he stood. Through the baby monitor John could hear Rosie whimpering. Luckily it wasn’t full-blown screams yet or Saunders surely would’ve noticed. For obvious reasons they tried to keep Rosie’s presence in their lives concealed from the public—especially the criminal public.
The click of John’s locking the door of 221B was exceptionally loud in the silence. The two men just stared at one another for a beat before John grabbed Sherlock’s face between his hands and kissed him.
With his head down to watch his step (and avoid the wool-clad arse disappearing up the staircase), and the weight of the parcels, and the added distraction of those many thoughts he wasn’t meant to be thinking swirling around in his head, John could perhaps be forgiven for letting momentum carry him swiftly up the last few steps into the flat—and crashing directly into Sherlock’s back.
Irene disappeared down the steps and Sherlock up to Rosie, and John surveyed the mess of the living room (furniture overturned; tea spilled; his favorite mug broken, blast it) and the bound criminal writhing with almost rabid fury. John swung the crowbar and listened to the satisfying
Throwing his arms up, Saunders was able to block that blow, hollering vicious threats and obscenities.
Sherlock flicked his fingers dismissively. “Wasted on me, Irene,” he reminded her. “Do keep up.” He’d been happier to see Irene before she started seducing John with her ridiculous burlesque show. Now he just wanted her gone.
“John. Don’t you dare apologize.” Sherlock lay them both back and nestled his head onto John’s chest, ruffling the golden hair between his nipples. “That was…perfect. Miraculous.”
Sherlock snorted. “Barking up the wrong tree, Merton.” Done unwrapping his hands, he squeezed the sweaty wraps in one fist and wondered how fast he could get out of there. How fast he could get Irene out, too. Get her back to her hotel room. To the airport and out of the country. Out of his life again.
Irene chuckled again from the doorway. “What does a girl have to do for some tea around here?” she asked, sliding the shoulder of her dress down her arm. Another inch and they’d see her nipple, her full breast…
she knew was beyond John’s reckoning, but he’d had enough experience with deceitful geniuses not to doubt it.
“Let me take care of…things upstairs,” Sherlock said. “I hear the sirens outside. Lestrade will want to take your statement.”
(John, on the other hand, thought she was entirely unchanged: forever-youthful due to some Dorian Gray kind of sorcery that undoubtedly involved midnight incantations and hen’s blood and the placenta of virgin lambs; Sherlock, however, could see the carefully-concealed markers that John missed: a wrinkle here, mostly covered by Irene’s fringe; the softening chin, almost-unnoticeable due to the arched position of Irene’s neck. She was the most artful, intelligently-crafted person Sherlock had ever met, as well as—he’d learned—a formidable enemy. He was glad they were friends now.
Finally finished pumping, finally spent, and his breathing ragged, John collapsed on Sherlock in a tangle of semen and sweat, kissing him, desperately kissing the man who had been his flatmate and his savior and was now his lover.
With a put-upon sigh, John placed his bookmark in the novel, set it carefully aside next to his tea, and rose to his feet. It was Captain Watson who addressed the man.
Well, if there’s anything John knew about it was taking care of people. Hell, he’d been taking care of Sherlock since the day they met. This was just one more crazy step into the abyss. He swiped the lube from Sherlock’s hand and said, “Please. Allow me.”
onto the floor, apples for Rosie’s snack rolling out and under the sofa. “What the buggery fuck!?...
“I wondered if it was like that,” Merton said, an uncharacteristic flash of understanding crossing his face. “All right. Next time, Holmes. You and me in the ring.”
This was not something John had done often, and never before with a man. But he took his time opening Sherlock, one finger slowly teasing and breeching, then two. Sherlock responded beautifully, spreading his legs further and finally lifting them to allow John better access. He tossed his head on the pillow when John added the third, his voice so low it rumbled in John’s ears: “Enough; I’m ready. No more of this horrid delay of gratification.”
“If you take that dress off I’m going to drag you back to Karachi and behead you myself,” Sherlock snarled. He stalked out of the room and pulled off his Belstaff, hanging it by the door and pulling his suit jacket down, making sure everything was covered before he returned to the kitchen. Blast, blast, blast her to hell and back. Everything had been going so well…
It was so fortunate the shopping was already on the floor, as he might’ve dropped it all over again.
John kissed softly at first, reassuring, gentle. He felt Sherlock’s body begin to relax, to respond, and so he deepened the kiss. Sherlock’s hands, which had been clenched at his sides, slid up and into John’s hair. Sherlock opened his mouth and moaned as John’s tongue touched his own.
“Oh, god, just fuck me already,” Sherlock hissed, stuffing one of the extra pillows under his hips and grabbing John to guide his cock inside.
Sherlock could always read him. Could read his actions and silences and thoughts as if he’d spoken them out loud. “Yes,” Sherlock breathed. “Yes, mark me, I’m yours. I’ve been yours since the day we met. John. But you’re not gay. You’ve always said you’re
symbol—before he could stop himself. Embarrassed, he lowered them immediately, but Sam Merton, the boxer he’d met during the Mazarin Stone case, seemed not to think the gesture out of place. He ducked under the ropes and clapped Sherlock on his sweat-drenched back.
Slowly Sherlock sat up again. Brushing his lips across John’s, he murmured, “I love you, too. And I don’t say that lightly, John; I haven’t said those words to anyone, ever, in my adult life. Only you. You know that, yes?”
“Daddy? Why you bang?” Rosie asked, then threw the rest of her crayons on the floor. “Where Uncle Lock?”
friend? Come, let’s get you home. I can see that you’re cranky. You need a shower and your dressing gown. And your faithful John.” She strode off down the street, heels clicking on the pavement, hips swaying enticingly underneath the black trench coat.
His mouth otherwise occupied, Sherlock’s reply was to grab one of John’s hands and place it on his bobbing head. John ran his fingers through those soft curls. God, Sherlock’s mouth! He must be deducing what John liked as he sucked and teased and ran his tongue in all the places that drove John right around the bend. “Christ, Sherlock, I don’t want this to be over too soon,” he panted.
And if John was at quite relieved (and only a hint disappointed) that Sherlock, sweeping up the stairs ahead of him, wore the long Belstaff that covered his arse…well, John wasn’t going to say a word about that either. He wasn’t even going to acknowledge it in his own head. Better not to think such things, lest they be deduced by certain infuriating (brilliant) geniuses in his life and blurted out into the open, where they’d ruin this tenuously happy (abnormal) new normal John had the fortune to be experiencing right now.
“So,” Sherlock said. A brief, insincere smile flitted across his face. “What brings you back to London?”
That made John throw his head back and laugh out loud. “Greedy bastard,” he said, starting a shallow thrusting again. “D’you like that? D’you like my cock sliding inside you? You’re so tight, Sherlock, so hot, so perfect…”
Somehow, the dress she wore underneath was even worse than if she’d been naked again. It was a blue so dark it was almost black, and to call it minute would be a cruel overstatement. The neckline plunged; the wrap of the hemline split mid-thigh. It was worse than naked because it begged—nay, practically commanded—to be taken off, untied and slipped from those pale shoulders…
“Well, clearly I must be at least a little gay…” John pulled Sherlock’s hand down and placed it over his erection, watching as Sherlock’s face went completely still. “And who cares about labels, anyway? When has that worried you?”
What a sight, like a male version of a Botticelli Venus, like a marble statue of Adonis: Sherlock spread out on the bed, sultry and wanting but – there, his eyes – betraying the tiniest bit of shyness. Fear.
(Later. He’d think about it later. Alone, when Irene was gone and everyone else asleep, Sherlock would lie on his bed and luxuriate in the memories he’d saved: every Captain Watson from his Mind Palace, every crisp order and military stare that made Sherlock’s spine tingle and the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He’d indulge himself. Now that John was back at 221B where he belonged, Sherlock could savor the fantasies of John in his uniform; John turning that glare on Sherlock and ordering him to his knees, and Sherlock before him, obeying, sinking down, staring at polished black combat boots before raising his eyes and opening his mouth to…)
, John thought. But he was a British man, a father no less, and ingrained courtesy won out over his barely-suppressed desire to pick her up off the couch and kick her (perfect) arse down the stairs. Taking one of those deep, calming breaths his therapist was always going on about, he tried counting to ten in his head, only got to four, and barked out, “Tea?”
“Ah, John. There you are,” Sherlock said absently. It was feigned. He was not preoccupied, not where John was concerned. He’d made that mistake in the past but he wouldn’t again.
Instead she continued, “These poor, sad men you’re taking it out on. When all you need is a good, long, hard…”
The words seemed to implode in John’s head. Though he was a relative stranger to this kind of sex, still he knew they needed a little help in the lubrication department. “Do you have anything we can use? We need some slick. And a condom…”
Saunders spat at him, “I’ll just have a look around for myself.” And made the mistake of turning his back on Captain Watson.
Sherlock dropped his head back onto the pillows and sighed, a short, gasping puff of breath. “John. It’s difficult to believe,” he started, watching the proceedings with half-hooded eyes. “John…”
Okay, it might be a little while before I get back to this! Real life has this pesky way of interfering with my fanfiction...
The over-tattooed brute he faced now in the ring outweighed him by at least two stone, but was slow and muscle-bound. What Sherlock lacked in mass he made up for in speed, and in the ability to predict where his opponent would strike. This one would turn his head a fraction in the direction he was planning to punch, giving Sherlock ample time to block his blows. It was better when he could slip or roll out of the way, but the man had cornered Sherlock against the ropes and was pounding him with hooks—
“You,” Saunders gasped, trying to push the bar away and get to Sherlock. “You won’t die in your bed, Holmes. I’m going to…”
So he waited at the door, tapping imperiously at his mobile, while John huffed in annoyance, set down the parcels none too gently, and fished for his house keys, all the while grumbling, “Too busy to get your keys. His Majesty, who takes taxis, and who can’t be bothered to stop at the Tesco for tea that he drinks and biscuits that he eats, and can’t fish his keys out of his pockets because…”
So Ike Saunders, one of the accomplices in the Mazarin Stone case, probably should not have come smashing in, crowbar in hand, and disrupted an already-agitated John. It was like whacking a hornet’s nest that had just settled down after a storm. Outward calm barely concealing inward rage. Not. A. Good. Idea.
It was a simple equation. If he got distracted—if he thought about John—he’d get punched in the head. So he’d better not think about John.
That deep, desperate sound from Sherlock set John on fire. He moved his hands to Sherlock’s shoulders and pressed him against the door, pinning him back with his hands and his body. He could feel that Sherlock was hard again. Or still, in spite of the endless taxi ride.
. John smiled, almost giddy with everything he was feeling. How could he have waited so long? “It was fucking mind-blowing for me, too.”
it made against his palm. He heard car doors slamming, some shouting outside, and then footsteps pounding up toward them. He had no doubt that Irene had managed to vanish into the night.
John grabbed Sherlock’s cock and with a few sharp pumps Sherlock came, spurting on their chests, Sherlock’s body flailing first up to John and then down to the bed. Sherlock lay shuddering through the aftershocks, then his hands flew up to grip John’s shoulders, pulling John in even deeper with the backs of his legs up around John’s hips. “John, John, oh fuck,” Sherlock breathed, “Come for me now. Come in me.”
With great difficulty, John swiveled his head away from the sex goddess in his kitchen doorway and toward his flatmate. Sherlock looked…odd. Vulnerable. Almost upset. John’s brow creased with concern.
John pulled Sherlock’s head down into another kiss, this time grinding his own erection into Sherlock’s leg. It wasn’t enough. He reached for Sherlock’s trousers and then his own, unbuttoning, unzipping, pulling their cocks free, trying to rub them together with one hand. It didn’t work - Sherlock was too tall. So John dropped to his knees, tugging Sherlock’s trousers to the ground.
“You’re going to be sore tomorrow,” John said ruefully. He pulled out with care, but still Sherlock whimpered slightly at the loss. “Sorry. I guess I lost my head.” He mopped them up as best as he could with his discarded vest, tossing it onto the floor and binning the used condom.
“Yes, love?” The endearment just slipped out. Both men’s eyes widened. John swallowed. “I do, you know,” John said, suddenly removing his hand. This didn’t seem like a conversation to have with one’s fingers wrapped around a lover’s prick. “I’ve always known I loved you…I thought it was just as a friend – my closest friend, you know? But now I see…this is something much more…”
Daintily, she put her tiny hand in his big one. “Pardon your warp?” she murmured. “Irene Adler. Dear, dear friend of Sherlock’s.”
Irene snorted from the doorway, a distinctly unladylike sound. “You two are hopeless,” she pronounced. “It’s a good thing I’m here.”
“That’s my cue,” Irene said. “Shall I make myself comfortable in the bedroom until your silver-fox Detective Inspector is gone? No, John? Such a pity. Sherlock, you know where to find me. Thank you for the
“I’m glad,” he said, kissing the top of Sherlock’s head, kissing those crazy black curls. He loved hearing Sherlock curse. He loved lying, sated, in Sherlock’s bed; he’d loved every last minute of their…their
Reading him—deducing him—Irene batted her eyelids. She answered Sam but looked at Sherlock. “Oh, I’m no lady.” To prove the point, she took a quick step in toward Sherlock, balanced on the tip-toes of her already too-high heels, and darted her tongue out to lick his neck.
“Oi, I’d think even the transport could use a little attention now and then. I'll get some from upstairs,” John said, rolling off and heading back to the door. Sherlock made a sad, disgruntled sound at John’s sudden absence. “I’ll be right back,” John reassured him. “And anyway, delayed gratification can be such a good thing.”
John placed the bottle of lube and a box of condoms on the bedside table and slid back under the covers. Kissing Sherlock again, John raked his fingers through that luscious mop of hair. “Sorry it took me a little longer,” he admitted. “But I got there, just the same. Got here,” he corrected, slipping his hand down again, over the muscled planes of Sherlock’s chest and stomach, to the velvet heat of Sherlock’s cock.
He’d gotten to six this time when Sherlock wandered into the kitchen. “You’ll be needing this, I believe.” He held the Tesco bag like it was some kind of alien lifeform. No. Sherlock would be
“Lovely tea,” Irene said. If she’d stuck her pinky out she couldn’t have been more of a caricature of a lady in a tearoom. John was always struck by Sherlock’s chameleon-like ability to don a new identity as easily as John shrugged on a new jumper. Clearly Irene was the same, switching character the way other people changed the song on the radio: effortlessly, with brief attention to the setting and mood. Obviously taking tea required turning into some kind of middle-class matron pouring extra cream into her cuppa. John wondered what Irene would be like stripped of all the artifice. What was she like when she wasn’t playing a role?
“And be watched,” Sherlock added under his breath. He could feel the eyes on them: the men, the few women: all staring.
John looked up from his novel to see Saunders, panting and practically snarling, and had three simultaneous thoughts:
Sherlock stood with his head against the wall, his eyes screwed shut, hands yanking his hair. Tension radiated from his body. John stared in confusion. That’s not how Sherlock typically looked in the middle of a case. Usually he was childishly delighted by surprises, exhilarated by the chase, intrigued by a turn of events that would – perhaps – engage both his mind and body for a few moments. But that’s not how he looked now. His face was agonized.
She knew that it was John’s day off from the surgery, and that he’d been at the shops wrestling valiantly with chip-and-pin machines to procure their meat and veg for the week. That Sherlock had been out humoring Lestrade—as he was so much more likely to do these days— finishing up (tedious) paperwork from the Mazarin Stone case. That Rosie was at the nursery, playing happily (John hoped) with her little group of preschool friends. That Mrs. Hudson was next door, having tea-and-gossip with Mrs. Turner.
“Ecstatic.” He waved Sherlock through the doorway, picked up all the (many) remaining bags, and heaved his way up the stairs, grumbling again. That was feigned, too. This was how they were meant to be, and he was happy—no, ecstatic, he'd hit upon the right word—ecstatic when they’d returned to normal (what was normal for them, at least) after all the insanity of the last year. John didn’t mind doing the shopping and hauling it all up the stairs. He didn’t mind Sherlock’s swanning in at the last moment and expecting to be let in, waited on, brought his tea and nagged to eat. It was how things should be. Not that he’d let Sherlock know he felt that way.
She clicked her tongue at him. “Is that all you have to say? That’s unlike you, Sherlock. Hot and flustered.”
“Sam Merton. Boxer.” Sam pulled off his right glove and stuck out his wrapped hand for Irene to shake.
Perhaps it was unfair of John to take out all his irritation on a poor, unsuspecting criminal. His rage at the roller-coaster of the last couple of years; therapy notwithstanding, John still had a lot of shit to work out. His annoyance at Irene’s unexpected (unwanted; unnecessary) visit. His frustration at the way he and Sherlock were still circling each other, getting closer and closer but never touching. Never acknowledging the…whatever it was…between them.
And when Sherlock licked across the head of John’s cock and slid his hot, wet mouth down the length, any reservations John might have had flew right out the window and down Baker Street, across London, and exited the country entirely. Sherlock’s gray-green eyes tipped up to meet John’s own; the heart-shape of his mouth, stretched over John’s achingly-hard cock, had John’s hands scrabbling in the sheets. “Sherlock, oh God,” John gasped. “You don’t have to…”
. What the hell was he up to now? For Sherlock was never far out of his thoughts, and with Irene’s sudden reappearance…well, John was unsettled.
“No.” Sherlock rocked his head back and forth against the wall. That looked like it hurt. “No, I shouldn’t have put you in this situation in the first place. Three of them, with guns. They’ve killed before, they wouldn’t have thought twice about…” his voice cracked.
“What? Oh, yes, why…” Sherlock tugged the sides of his Belstaff closer around him, grateful he hadn’t yet removed it. The precaution of a long coat, to hide that he was half-hard in his trousers because of his short friend… “Just helping John with the tea.”
“There,” Sherlock said, satisfied. He sat back on his heels and smiled at John, the post-case, just-for-John, genuine smile that appeared so rarely. John couldn’t help but grin back, stupidly happy in spite of himself.
John was on him in a flash, both hands on the crowbar, twisting to pull it from Saunders’ grasp. Then he was the one with the steel bar, blocking the path to the rest of the flat. “Don’t make me use this on you,” John warned, his voice low.
Wiping his neck, Sherlock snapped, “Really, Irene. Must you call attention to yourself all the time?”
“Always so impatient.” John huffed a laugh out through his nose. “Instant gratification isn’t quick enough for you, is it? As…tempting as it is to take you up on your offer, don’t you think we should first go home? The floor here looks filthy.”
Now that Irene had pointed it out, Sherlock wondered how he’d missed the unmistakable desire in the man’s glance. Perhaps because it seemed so out of place on that menacing pugilist’s face, above a chest like a tree trunk and arms like slabs of beef. Objectively, the man wasn’t completely unattractive, if one went in for that sort of thing.
Because Sherlock moved—enough—from where he’d stopped just inside the door to the flat, and John, his sight no longer obscured by six feet of lanky detective, finally saw what had frozen Sherlock stock still.
With a put-upon sigh, Sherlock pocketed his mobile, stooped down and carefully selected the smallest, lightest bag of the shopping. “There. Are you happy now?”
They stumbled together to the bed, all lips and arms and legs, tumbling over together, rubbing against each other, touching and tasting. John felt like he was having an out-of-body experience. Sherlock felt his senses sharpen, his mind cataloguing the sensations: the stubble on John’s face rubbing his own cheek, the warmth and hardness of John’s cock against his stomach, the amazing, erotic noises John made as Sherlock stroked him up and down.
The man laughed. Who could blame him, really? To all outward appearances Saunders was facing a five-foot-seven, graying, forty-something doctor. Mild-mannered. Practically feeble. No match for a professional heavy with a steel wrecking bar.
“Sherlock?” John stepped over to pull Sherlock’s face back from the wall. “It’s okay, Sherlock, you’re okay…”
John grabbed his wrists and yanked them away. “Sherlock,” he said sternly, his Captain Watson voice clear in the cavernous room. “I want you. I’m not going to change my mind. We can go home and do this the right way, not on a moldy, disgusting floor with criminals circling outside…”
“Oi, done already, Holmes?” Sam Merton called from across the room. He’d stopped hammering one of the heavy bags and jogged over towards them. “I thought we’d get in another round or two.”
John chuckled. He ran his fingers over Sherlock’s cock, marveling at its smooth paleness, nestled against silky black pubes. His prick was longer than John’s own, he could tell, but - not that he was competitive or anything - John’s was thicker. This was going to be fun. He flicked his tongue over the tip, then circled, working his way up and down the shaft. Sherlock was muttering a nonsensical string of oaths and prayers. His sounding incoherent, undone, was unbelievably sexy. Taking a deep breath, John opened wide and slid his mouth down the length of Sherlock’s cock. He couldn’t take it all, but he was close. He grabbed the base with his hand and started to pump with his mouth. It had been a long time.
John was stunned. He couldn’t move at first, the gears in his mind completely shut down by the unexpected jolt of Sherlock’s lips on his, Sherlock’s rough cheek against his own, Sherlock’s hands moving to his shoulders and down his back. And then John’s brain started up again and he threaded his hands up into Sherlock’s wild curls and he kissed back. He kissed back like he’d never kissed before, hungry and wanting, rough like he wouldn’t ever dare with a woman, lips-teeth-tongue deep and ravenous. He hadn’t even known that he’d wanted this. His mind reeling, processing disjointedly –
He liked nothing more than to relax in the quiet coziness of their untidy flat. His cushy chair, feet up by the fire, a strong cup of tea and a good, trashy novel. Rosie sound asleep in her little cot upstairs. All warmth and domestic comfort, peace and tranquility.
The quote, "You won't die in your bed, Holmes," comes from the ACD story, "The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone."
One minute John was standing there, almost at ease, with the steel held loosely, almost casually. Blink your eye and you’d miss it: John’s first strike came so quickly Saunders literally didn’t know what hit him. He’d had his hands up to protect his head so John smashed the bar into the side of his knee. That brought the man down closer to John’s level. Ribs next, aiming for his head now…
“John. You needn’t be disturbed. She’s just here for a visit. Some tea.” Sherlock tried to pitch his voice convincingly.
“Don’t think that I will be, from now on,” John said slowly. “Not after this… miraculous…whatever it is we have…”
In a hysterical fury, Saunders launched himself at John and grabbed at the crowbar. John almost sighed. It was like taking candy from a baby. Easier, in fact. If he took candy from Rosie he’d have to deal with her Sherlock-level tantrums. This was Boot Camp 101: Hand-to-Hand Combat. Except he was going to use his feet, too.
.” John gave the crowbar another shove, holding him firmly in place. To Sherlock, he said, “Will you move your lazy arse already and get some of those handcuffs I know you’ve swiped from Lestrade?” John’s knees were feeling the hard, wooden floor, and he felt foolish, somehow, with Irene’s eyes trained on him and that smirk on her lips.
“No need to get peevish, dear. I’m leaving, too.” Irene opened the door and presented the outside with a flourish. “Can’t have you walking alone through the East End like that, half-dressed and positively dripping with pheromones. Who knows what kind of beasts you’d attract,” she said, winking at the other two men. “I need to get you home to your Dr. Watson, safe and sound.”
. I have them for fantasy. For the fulfillment of their wildest, never-before-revealed and realized dreams. For their darkest desires. For what they want. For what they
But John wasn’t ready to come like that. He rolled and pinned Sherlock down on the bed, sliding his knee between Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock gasped, trying to catch his breath, and John kissed his neck again, his ears, his lips, his eyelids.
Kicking one of Saunders’ legs out from under him, John leveraged the bar and they crashed to the ground. Rolling and grappling, John ended up on top, kneeling over the man and holding the crowbar against his neck.
Kicking the door shut, Sherlock was pulling off his trousers, unbuttoning his shirt. John shucked his jumper, then seemed to get stuck: his hands forgot how to move, and his mouth went completely dry at the sight of Sherlock, naked and erect. It was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. Sherlock smiled at the look in John’s eyes and began to make quick work of John’s shirt.
“Another round of what?” Irene wondered as she and Sherlock stepped out of the fetid gym and into the blessedly-cool air of Watney Street. “You know he’s picturing you on your back, dear, those long legs of yours up on his wide shoulders…”
“Trivia,” John agreed, pushing open the door. He blocked Sherlock’s way in, however, standing there with his eyebrows raised meaningfully.
.” Irene abandoned the lady-at-the-tearoom act mid-way through this speech and returned to sultry pinup, making eyes at Sherlock and toying with her neckline.
—but quick as lightning Sherlock lifted arms to block, block, block. He tasted the sweat dripping onto his lips. It was marvelous.
Sherlock, his head propped on his hand, was scowling when John returned to the bedroom. “Delayed gratification, indeed,” Sherlock said. “I’ve been waiting since the day I met you.”
Irene reached a languid arm down and caught one of the escaping apples. Her nail varnish matched the apple’s deep red almost exactly, and John wondered how she’d managed that. Next he wondered if he were going mad. Finally he remembered that he ought to be angry.
The gears in John’s head creaked slowly as he wrapped his mind around what Sherlock was saying. John pulled back and glanced around the damp, grimy basement. “Erm, Sherlock? Why don’t we go home? Go home and go to bed?”
That Sherlock and John would arrive home at precisely the same time—Sherlock emerging, elegant and unruffled, from a taxi, while John trudged up to the entrance of 221 Baker Street, overburdened like a pack mule and sweating in his heavy jacket in the watery February sunshine.
fighting?” John asked, but it was good he didn’t expect an answer from that infuriating woman, since he didn’t get one.
“No. Uncle Lock read story,” proclaimed Rosie imperiously. For not-quite-two, she certainly knew how to assert herself.
John had to stop moving abruptly so he didn’t climax just from that look. Sherlock wrapped his long legs more tightly around John. “Don’t stop! I need you…I need you. Move! Now!”
I joined a boxing gym last year (soon after the 2016 elections. Gee, I wonder why). When I read that there was a boxer in the original ACD "Adventure of the Mazarin Stone" I knew I needed to put Sweaty Boxing Sherlock in a fic…
It had been years since his Baritsu training, but the basic elements of martial arts had returned to him almost immediately. The pleasure of body and mind synching into one efficient machine; the joy of sweat pooling on his neck and chest as he faced off a skilled opponent; the hard, physical work and the way it wiped everything else from his consciousness, if only for the two minutes at a time he spent in the ring.
Long enough, clearly. “Good show, darling,” she drawled, scanning him appreciatively. “You look a treat, all sweaty and rough. Reacquainting yourself with the pleasures of the flesh, I see.”
“Daddy make supper,” Rose said, satisfied on that matter. But still, all was not well in her world. “Where Uncle Lock?” She said it as one word—
It would be hours before bed, then Rosie up again at dawn. John sat down heavily in his chair and slumped back, adrenaline leaving his system as quickly as it had come. As Lestrade burst into the flat, calling out, “John? Are you all right? We lost Saunders and Sherlock said he came after you with a crowbar…” John thought,
As always - please let me know about any typos or other glaring errors! Thank you :)  See the end for more notes, too.
,” Irene scoffed, repeating Sherlock’s word instead of answering the question. “I don’t have clients for
Suddenly, achingly slowly, John started to move inside him, and the images in Sherlock’s mind emptied like water rushing down a drain. His eyes snapped open. In them, John saw…amazement. Abandon. Surrender.
Sherlock whimpered, his hands ghosting over John’s head. Then: “John, wait, wait,” Sherlock was pushing him off, pulling him back to his feet. His eyes were more like blue flames than like their usual ice. “Bed.”
Sherlock ignored him. He climbed out of the ring, loosening his left glove with his teeth and pulling it off. One hand free, he’d started in on his right glove when a flash of color by the door caught his eye.
Compared with the scene in the kitchen, tea was almost a normal affair. John briskly gathered up the parcels from the floor, put the milk and meat away, plated some biscuits, and they sat down in the sitting room like civilized Britons had for a thousand years.
“That was close,” John gasped, when he could finally get the words out. His eyes adjusted to the dim light and he could see they were in a basement storage room. A few dusty boxes stood in a corner but the rest was cavernously empty, the only light coming in from a streetlamp, faint through the cloudy window. “I thought…”
(Sherlock, of course, noted the lines of a miniscule wrap dress underneath. No pants. This information would not have been an improvement upon John’s state of mind, so it was just as well that Sherlock left it unsaid.)
She laughed—a throaty chuckle—and said, “Yes. I know what you like. You like him,” she said, eyes cutting over to John. “And
John took it out on dinner, pounding the steak until it was practically flat enough to see through. Rosie, safely ensconced in her high chair and dropping crayons one by one onto the floor, looked up from her delighted explorations of gravity to ask, “Daddy? Daddy bang?”
Sherlock wondered—again—how John did that. How he could make Sherlock’s knees go weak with a glance.
Irene smiled, arched an eyebrow, licked her top lip with just the tip of her tongue, and slid her hand suggestively up her bare thigh. Only then, when she had his full, riveted, attention, did she say, “Tea sounds lovely. Thank you, John.”
“Yes, I can see that.” Irene was laughing at him, her eyes alight with mischief as she lounged in the doorway. “Perhaps we should make ourselves at home,” she said, and slowly—slowly—unbuckled her trench coat, slid it off, and tossed it onto a chair.
“Not nearly as interesting as you,” John said, running his fingers down Sherlock’s back to give his arse a squeeze. “So, a woman? When you were at uni?”
“Irene,” Sherlock reprimanded, sharp warning in his voice. He strode over to John and together they rolled Saunders onto his stomach and cuffed him. With duct tape they secured his legs, and—when the man got his breath back enough to start spouting off again—slapped tape across his mouth, too.
“How about you?” Sherlock asked. “With men, I mean. You said you hadn’t, before…but that didn’t seem like you were a stranger to having a cock in your mouth…”
John didn’t budge. “I assume you mean Sherlock? He’s out. And even if he were in, I wouldn’t let you near him.” His voice was deceptively calm.
“What? Oh, right. Tea. I’ll. Erm. Make some tea.” John fled into the kitchen and busied himself with the kettle. Tray, cups, tea…oh, blast it to hell and back, the tea was still in the sitting room, in one of the abandoned Tesco bags on the floor. Gripping the counter John tried his therapeutic breathing again.
It was so unusual for Sherlock to swear. John opened his eyes to appraise his friend, who was sweating now. “Sherlock. Take off your coat. It’s too hot in here for that.”
Merton puffed out his chest with pride. “Co-owner. Nearly lost it all but for Holmes here. Cleared my name in a stolen gem case. It’s a pleasure to box with him.”
Sherlock jerked away. Sam threw his head back and barked out a laugh. Irene grinned, smug as the cat that got the cream.
John carefully lay the knife down on the counter and said, “Just a moment, Rosie.” He walked purposefully into the living room, braced his hands on the windowsill, and, under his breath, uttered every swear word he knew.
“Criminals,” Sherlock repeated. “Yes.” In one fluid motion he rose again, whipping out his phone and tapping furiously. “There. I texted Lestrade the smugglers’ rough whereabouts. Even he should be able to find them now.” He looked down at John again and the confidence on his face shifted back into vulnerability; not a look he wore often. “You’ll still want me…”
“Fuck that,” John said. He could feel Sherlock’s hard cock against his stomach, through all their layers of clothing, and if that wasn’t the sexiest thing he’d ever felt…He cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and brought it down for another kiss, licking around those full lips, dipping his tongue into the striking cleft of his philtrum, biting and tasting. The noises Sherlock was making in his throat were setting him on fire.
- Sherlock believes that the right thing to do is to abstain from more sex with John, because he can’t stand the idea of John only doing it because he’s afraid of losing their friendship. But he can’t abstain, and the conflict is complicated by John’s words about letting him decide for himself, which is something Sherlock wants to believe in, since he’s aware that his perception of interpersonal interaction isn’t the norm, and he trusts John with such issues more than he trusts himself in the same issues.
“Since you have such vast personal experience in the matter, I will certainly take your advice under consideration, brother.”
His belt is being unfastened, his zipper pulled down, and is Sherlock meant to help with this, show his interest and urgency by disrobing John the way John has mostly disrobed him? But no; John stands a bit too far away, and it seems to be deliberate.
In his cluttered room at St John's, the psychiatry textbook that was supposed to settle this once and for all is now forgotten, because Sherlock has found the cure before he’s found a diagnosis, and the last two weeks have proven that whatever might be wrong with him, he doesn’t have to care.
In the end, it turns out that the truth is easy to adjust on self-assessment forms, and Sherlock hasn’t displayed any kind of suicidal behaviour or ideation over the duration of his stay. Therefore, Sherlock is discharged without further ado after having completed twenty-eight excruciating days of rehab, declining both follow-up appointments and referrals to a therapist before he nods his goodbye, leaving the small office and heading back to his spartan room in the adjacent wing to collect his things.
And when the metal shifts, sharp pins sends sparks into overstimulated nerve endings.The wheel moves slowly as pin after pin after pin after pin ignites the nerve endings beneath his skin, pinwheel sparks travelling like meteorites through the nerves of his spinal cord.
Eyeing himself in the mirror, Sherlock thinks that he looks strangely out of place like this; standing in the middle of his room, naked, with his eyes focused on the reflection of his groin.
John takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly. Frustration bordering on anger is lurking under his barely restrained voice.
Their eyes meet again half a second later, when Sherlock finds the newspaper ripped out of his hands, and then John is pinning him both with his glare and with a very determined hand around Sherlock’s wrist.
It's only when he's certain that he's completely alone, with no risk of being interrupted, that he can sometimes manage to feel more fully at ease, or at least as much at ease as someone with his particular mind is capable of.
But he's getting increasingly clear on why he’s agreeing to it - to why he would even consider taking such a risk.
As he hears the footsteps of the approaching policemen, Sherlock allows his breathing to slow down further, forbidding any of the sensations currently roaming through his body to surface as the door to the warehouse opens.
Listening for the thunder-like sound of silver birds Sherlock manages to get into the cab. Left foot first, then the right, then putting the left foot down on the floor once more to achieve asymmetry.
Casting a glance at John, Sherlock can see that John is struggling to process the implications of this information while simultaneously trying to come up with an answer.
John whimpers at the thought, feeling the pressure building up inside of him, and he gasps, or at least his body attempts to, but since his mouth is full he ends up gagging instead, his eyes tearing up as he tries to breathe through his nose. Getting his breathing and his rhythm back, John thinks that it’s too much, all of this.
Sherlock’s words almost falters, because at first, he thinks it’s a determined grip, a way to physically drag him to the door and towards the case, but then the almost tender movement of John’s thumb registers, and Sherlock tries very hard to just keep talking, to ignore it all, because they don’t do
The answer hits Sherlock at the same time as he looks over to John, who is pointedly looking away from him, because that’s what John does when he knows that if he even looks at Sherlock when being this furious, he’ll explode, and right now John refuses to do so, because at the moment, John refuses to be upset with Sherlock, because he won’t allow himself to be after what---
Pervasive Development Disorder - in DSM IV, this category held diagnoses like Autism and Asperger's syndrome. The NOS diagnose is similar in many ways to these two diagnoses, but primarily Asperger's.
could be gay. Gabriel was neither flamboyant nor ashamed of his sexuality, but was simply pragmatic about it, knowing that his temporary teaching job and being in an openly gay relationship was not compatible.
Turning away from John and starting to pick up the papers by his feet, Sherlock wonders how he’s supposed to do these things, make all these shameful
Shaking his head, Sherlock watches John disappear out of his line of sight, deciding that he might use the time for an experiment.
Therefore, he knows that John is going to initiate an encounter several hours before it actually happens.
. It’s exhilarating, suddenly, to be able to do this to John, to be able to transform something in this man simply by giving him what he needs -
John’s tone is too off-hand - these past few weeks he’s been tentative whenever either of them broach the subject of Sherlock’s pathologies, as if worried that any misstep could make Sherlock close in on himself and shut John out (
“You're a fucking rich white dude. You don't get to complain,” the dealer says, lifting her eyebrows and nodding in the direction of the people walking down the alley, none of whom fit her description of him.
(It’s not disappointment, because surely disappointment requires there to have initially been some kind of hope?)
“So why was she on about how the death of her tenant had upset the balance in her home and the way our presence ‘only served to further upset the spirit of him’?”
Humans are hardwired to lean their heads to the right when kissing, Sherlock recalls as their mouths slide together, his hand in John’s hair and John’s thumb stroking his cheekbone, his chest heaving against Sherlock’s.
Moans; more muffled and ambiguous than before. A slight decrease in tension around John’s cock after just a few seconds of stroking and pulling on Sherlock’s cock.
Finally John nods slightly, getting up into standing position, and puts the plastic bags on a kitchen chair next to him.
It isn't until he's already seated in front of his laptop and the Skype call comes through that Sherlock remembers that he's still dressed in nothing but a sheet.
There’s a moment of distortion, because along with John comes a whole range of colours and a pressure and--
(If this had actually been what was called ‘love’ and not merely a manifestation of mental illness, he’d still want nothing to do with it. It is clearly not compatible with effectiveness, rational thought or even reasonable priorities in a situation where he needs every ounce of focus to make sure they make it out alive.)
John rubs his hand over his face, his eyes scanning the crowded room for the lanky, histrionic git that John had almost worked up the guts to introduce as his boyfriend in case anyone would ask. No one had asked, and considering how the evening had turned out, that was probably for the best.
When John comes, adding to the wetness of their stomachs, Sherlock’s not yet close to coming himself. It’s strange, rutting against John, who’s clearly trying not to sag down too much against Sherlock, but to hold his muscles flexed to offer Sherlock friction and something solid to rub himself against. He tries, for a minute, to get himself close, but it’s not working, he’s too aware and too present and it feels too much like this is about him.
A sudden recollection of a conversation held decades earlier, of words that he hasn’t thought about for years:
This is yet another one of those dual sensations. The intense pleasure from having his cock pressed into a fist and the intense discomfort from having his rectum filled with too much erectile tissue. It’s nothing like when he does this to himself with a dildo. This is. Real. Having someone pushing into his rectum like this gives his nervous system mixed signals and his brain interprets it into something that reminds him of needing to use the bathroom. Which is not a thought he wants at this moment. Not at all.
Sherlock discreetly taps his left hand against his own leg, trying to come up with something to say. His mind doesn’t seem able to drop this subject and he certainly does not want to resume the previous conversation.
Sherlock was compulsive about finishing what he’d begun when it came to cases (not necessarily ‘finishing’ the case in the way Lestrade wanted him to - doing the paperwork - but finding the solution), something that John had begun to view as a problem, as doing uninteresting cases actually seemed to inflict Sherlock physical pain. And while John had found almost every case they had in the beginning to be interesting - which in retrospect probably had more to do with feeling alive again whilst watching Sherlock dap around the crime scene than it had to do with the cases themselves - he too had begun to tire of the cases that didn’t involve any action or fascinating puzzle. It simply didn’t offer the same rush anymore.
It’s the bruise and the cut on his face, Sherlock realises after a few moments. That's what John’s gaze keeps returning to.
In the third drawer of a filing cabinet, Sherlock finds a stack of paper that must have been there for at least ten years, but underneath the papers, he glimpses something--
“Former addict,” Sherlock corrects, voice aiming for ice, because that’s how his intestines feel. John’s never used the words--
The air is growing more and more compact in 221B, charged with all the things they don’t talk about.
Compensation in this wider meaning could mean either that you learn to cover up some of the tells of your mental health issues or that you put in a lot more effort and energy than most to achieve the same result as they do, due to the mental health issue. You use your abilities to make up for some of your difficulties. Those difficulties may be stopping you directly from doing something you want (become good at something that requires a certain amount of consistency or attention, for example) or stop you more indirectly from acheiving your goals due to you not being able to meet the expectations of others (in your chosen field there might be certain expectations of you coming across as social and outgoing, for example).
John leaves the kitchen, and Sherlock finds himself looking him over as he heads towards the bathroom.
The initial question was this; is it possible to measure the outcome of a partial experiment by the colors you see due to faulty wiring?
Bracing himself for something he knows will probably be painful, Sherlock is taken aback when there’s a sudden pressure against his buttocks and then a hand around his cock.
“Do you really imagine I would have popped those pills every single day for a decade and a half if I didn’t think they were the only thing allowing me to function at all? You seem to think I’ve somehow repressed  the memory of what it’s like to be a nut-case who can’t even trust his mind or senses. I assure you, I recall with perfect clarity what it was like, and right now, I am nowhere close to that condition. If I had even an inkling that I was heading there again, I would be guzzling the pills right now. As it is, I am simply trying some other ways of managing the… consequences of my neurochemical imbalance.”
“Have you been buying from him? Has he been selling?” Suddenly the woman behind the counter looks at him like she’s on the verge of calling the police. Sherlock just lifts his eyebrow, aware that he looks the part, still malnourished and with his skin dark under his eyes and his hair overdue for a shower. Part of him wishes it was due to the drugs. At least then he would have some brief moments of bliss in the midst of his decay.
If there’s any truth to what Helena wrote about the tricyclic antidepressant only obscuring things -
(These kind of things take some getting used to, and neither of them know how to adapt to things that aren't dangerous, absurd or all-consuming. Then again, perhaps this could prove to be all of these things. Or it could end before it got a chance to become anything but absurd. It's a difficult distinction.)
It takes him several days. He ignores lectures, loses sleep, and manages to upset his stomach more than usual with the tension caused by the problem at hand in addition to the excessive drinking of coffee and smoking of cigarettes.
I like to include this quote instead of one from Wikipedia, as I really agree to Marsha’s view on this;
It’s both invigorating and excruciating. Perhaps this is where his brain finally breaks, Sherlock thinks, looking sideways at Victor, wondering what would happen if he said this out loud. Instead, he says, “We could pay the idiot down on the third floor to buy us smokes.”
This isn't like kissing, because when John lets his own hands drift down from Sherlock's neck, down his shoulder blades, Sherlock pauses his slow exploring, letting out his breath, and John stills, understanding.
There’s no reason to deny that, even if Sherlock wants to protest, wants to say that a mental challenge is a rare thing and should therefore--
“Are you…” John clears his throat, clearly uncomfortable with the subject. “There’s more than twenty Oxazepam missing from the package.”
Staring at the door, Sherlock wonders if he's supposed to feel anything. There's a hint of frustration, but otherwise, he's hollow. It could be considered as progress, really, couldn’t it? Ten years ago, this kind of ‘un-reaction’ would have saved him a lot of… discomfort.
It’s the realisation that maybe he’s supposed to move his lips - do something - but there’s a hand that comes to rest at the nape his neck, guiding him, and that’s confusing and far more intense than the sensation of lips
With a slight nod, Sherlock proceeds into the hallway, continuing to hold John’s gaze until it’s no longer possible, and a heartbeat later, he hears the door close behind them.
, things that he uses when he’s sure that John’s going to be away for more than an hour. It’s not that he’s ashamed of them, but there was a time in his life when such things were--
As lips slide against lips and hands press bodies closer, Sherlock knows that there's something he's missing. John's movements are almost desperate, like he's escaping something rather than giving into it, and Sherlock can’t make out whether he's projecting his own motives onto John or whether this is what it's supposed to feel like.
“Um, yeah, I did,” John says, a sliver of uncertainty lurking under his careless, absent-minded tone.
John just looked up at her, and couldn’t help but to smile. Selma smiled back, still far too animated about this subject.
“In some matters, you are rather more competent than I am. Relish it. I'm expecting you to put that competence to use.”
He's long suspected that he might have conditioned himself to a degree where the pain from the clamps alone would be enough, even without sexual fantasies or touches, to provoke a sexual reaction.
“Anyway, I don't see why you're not simply out looking at the place she disappeared or stealing my files as usual,” Lestrade says, watching him closely.
The vibration continues and Sherlock snaps out of the mental images of suffocating chaos and sweat-drenched panic only to return to a reality that is disturbingly similar to those images. The buzzing sound is not helping, and he fumbles for the phone until he finally finds it tucked away halfway under his pillow.
Grinning, Sherlock drains his coffee, letting a pleasant tingling chase away the feeling that it’s he himself who is missing something vital in all of this.
“Oh.” John looks startled at first, a bit like he had done when he’d walked in to find the very naked Ms Adler biting Sherlock’s clerical collar, towering over him. Then his tone becomes almost accusatory. “But you’re… gay?”
If John needs him to, Sherlock is willing to play all the stereotypes. He can just put the gear in reverse and display all the things he's spent decades avoiding, it's fine with him, but in terms of what John needs and what he’s willing to consciously allows himself to want--
The case is over, and as they left the Yard, Sherlock had made no secret of how dull he had found the whole thing.
Behind him, John is taking a seat at the now slightly less cluttered table. Sherlock hears the sound John’s phone makes as the screen is unlocked, and Sherlock pours himself some coffee before he goes to find his laptop, putting it down on the table almost at the corner of the kitchen.
As always, pennypaperbrain makes my Swinglish (Swedish-English) words into real English ones, and also makes me reflect on the maelstrom of words that my texts consist of, making them clearer.
Waiting for John to continue, Sherlock remains silent, taking his hands off the wheel only to have them resting in his lap without having anything to fidget with. He eventually settles one of them into his coat pocket.
as clears as if it had been written on his face, and Sherlock finds himself breaking his silence just to snap back at him.
“Tell them about how you sneaked away from patrol that time in Afghanistan,” Selma prompts, and John instantly regrets telling her that story.
"Once again? When did I last-- No. Never mind. It’s one simple question, Sherlock, and it’s not like I have a habit of inquiring about things that you do that doesn’t concern me, or… well, that's the thing, isn't it? Nothing you do has anything to do with me."
Underneath him Sherlock is tense and John can see his fists clenched in the sheet. He knows that this is uncomfortable in the beginning, knows that from the few women that let him do this. He wants to make it easier, if for no other reason than the fact that he needs very much to move soon. He takes one of his hands from Sherlock’s hip and reaches down to stroke his cock; it’s still wet from precome and the lube that was on John’s hand when he stroked him just minutes ago.
His fear was about something recurrent, something real. He was right to fear it, because there was no doubt that it would end him in a way worse than any knife could. But what if he’d only faced the vacuum once or twice? What if his fear had been based on one experience only, and there was no evidence that things would end up the same again, except for the instinct in his gut? Was it real then? Was it advisable to avoid anything that could possibly lead to that same situation? Or was exposure the only way to reason?
“What are we looking for?” John asks, instantly turning the computer around so that the screen is towards Sherlock.
Sherlock's shirt is pushed off his shoulders, getting stuck between his back and the wall behind it, leaving his arms trapped in the sleeves. John doesn't make a move to help him out of it; instead Sherlock finds his hips pushed back against the wall as he attempts to dislodge himself from the garment. John is breathing heavily against Sherlock's clavicle, and then there are fingers unfastening his trousers, and it's an odd sensation; his arms trapped and his body more and more exposed.
And a snippet from (http://www.alleydog.com/glossary/definition.php?term=Opponent%20Process%20Theory):
It’s just before noon, and the kitchen of 221B is vaguely lit up by the cloudy grey day outside. Last night they wrapped up a case, but it wasn’t the case in itself that was the topic for discussion - it was the woman who had rented a room to the victim.
Sherlock has gone twenty-one days without the Clomipramine and has just observed a pattern that very few people - if any - would have picked up on. He's never going to be alright, but objectively, he's doing better. There's pressure increasing and decreasing inside of him as he reacts to things that aren't there, but he is now fairly certain that he hasn't deluded himself when it comes to this.
“Well, the past is still the best predictor of the future, but the specific circumstances will still affect the each person reacts, I'd say. And there's always something that will prove to be the last straw, that makes someone change their pattern of behaviour,” John says as the Tyrian purple slowly begins to expand.
She was hesitant, but the alcohol seemed to have made her less self-conscious about saying things that might upset him, because she didn’t look like she expected him to throw a fit over her question on a topic he’d announced that he didn’t wish to talk about.
The smell hits him as soon as John has stripped off the remaining clothes and settles with one knee on either side of Sherlock’s ribs. There’s genital hair and the smell of genitals and it’s hard to suppress the slight nausea this produces, but there’s also a very erect cock and a very determined John looking at him. And John grabs the headboard with one hand and Sherlock’s hair with the other before nudging his cock against Sherlock’s lips. Willing John to just get on with it so the feeling of being used and almost suffocated by blood-filled erectile tissue will enable him not to focus on the smell and the involuntary vision of genital hair between his teeth, Sherlock tries to dive forward, taking John in. He can’t, however. The grip on his hair won’t let him.
“You haven’t been taking any cases that require you to leave your flat, and while I personally despise any kind of legwork, I am aware that both you and your blogger are addicted” - Mycroft pauses for a snort at his own choice of words, which Sherlock pointedly ignores - “to the sort of danger that mysteries solved by email cannot provide.”
“Don’t you see? You think that this is just about me being reckless and-- But you started it! You gave me this abhorrent toy and because it was you, I gave it a try, and it turns out my brain is not processing as quickly as it should so I quit the Clomipramine in order to resolve the issue and-- And still you don’t see that this isn’t just about me being ‘dramatic’ or not even trying to-- When it was you who set this all in motion and--!”
John’s fingers alternate between sliding through the hair and lightly massaging the scalp, and it's not that it's in any way unpleasant, it's just that it’s… lame. Innocuous. Insipid. The very antithesis of what an addict looks for when in need of a fix.
It’s simple, really; while Sherlock might be getting better at living, the man whose phone Sherlock’s currently tapping away at isn’t, and Sherlock does so love to provide the answers to problems that others can’t solve. He decides that he will provide John Watson with what he’s currently missing; the will to live.
After finishing the last page, Sherlock unceremoniously throws the book at the wall, hoping that its spine will crack and all the hateful, patronising drivel written in incomprehensible medical jargon will be smashed as it falls to the floor.
“I take it that something’s upset you, besides your own thoughts. Has your John begun to suspect that you’re fumbling around in the dark with this made-up case of yours? It must hurt your pride, because that won’t be so “amazing”, will it?”
Solving the case doesn’t even ease the pressure of being in the limbo of not knowing, because he will still be staring at the next puzzle as he gets home. He will never feel certain or understand what goes on inside of his friend’s head. He’s been spending more and more time not knowing these last few weeks, and it’s beginning to tear at him.
Because while body hair is something that society at large contributes to being male, the removal of said hair is something that’s seen as a decidedly female activity.
. They don’t touch much at all except when their bodies crash together and there are no breaks and no words, and they definitely don’t ever touch like…
It’s not the whole truth, and Sherlock knows this, even if he doesn’t know what constitutes the rest of the truth. The possibilities are plentiful; pity, reluctance towards acts that challenges John’s perception of his own sexuality, misplaced caution regarding Sherlock’s state of mind, lack of sexual attraction, fear of intimacy, the potential threat of another
About consent in this chapter; as mentioned in the chapter notes, I've been pointed to the fact that some readers found this scene disturbing. Not only due to the lack of explicit consent - a reoccurring issue in my stories, I realised once I was made aware of it - but mainly because of Sherlock's reactions to it.
“In my case, it's very similar to another, chronic, defect of my brain. One that, until recently, was compensated for chemically, and had been for fifteen years.”
Selma keeps herself a few steps behind as Sherlock and John reach for nitrile gloves and Sherlock unzips the bag covering the body. The man inside the back is wax-like and stiff, and Sherlock doesn't feel anything from looking at the corpse, just like he never has. The dead don’t feel, so why should the living feel for the dead? It’s just about preventing more living to become dead at the hands of someone else. John has only reacted to this attitude once during the time they’ve worked together, and for that alone Sherlock had been willing to risk becoming more than colleagues. He had taken the risk of ‘companionship’, thinking that he's more equipped to handle that now than he was eleven years ago.
The kitchen is saturated with grey daylight but it's the pulsing red that breaks through as the kiss breaks, and Sherlock must have gotten lost in his own mind, because they were pressing their mouths against each other's and then suddenly they no longer are, and Sherlock has no recollection of how it ended.
. His brain is anything but logical without the chemicals adjusting the deficient levels of certain neurotransmitters.)
They reach the front door, and John fumbles for the keys. As the key slides into the lock, the sound seems to once again shift some chemical balance in Sherlock’s brain.
Getting up, Sherlock feels the cold floorboards beneath his feet as he wraps a nearby sheet around himself before heading to the ensuite.
“Tell me,” John says, and Sherlock can actually hear him lick his lips, trying to find the words, his voice now wavering between hesitant and determined. A note of fear, interlaced in-between the words. “Tell me you never think about such things. Tell me you don't want it, and I… I promise I'll back off right away.”
There hasn't been a case for over a week - at least not for John, who was working when Sherlock solved the disappointing five that had at first seemed like a seven - and John is starting to truly despise his job at the clinic for all that it reminds him of just how far from his previous adrenaline-filled use of his skills he's ended up.
As for the rest of the chapter, both John and Sherlock crave /more/, even when it’s uncomfortable or even painful. The novelty of the experience is more important than the pleasure, in some aspects. And there’s risk taking behavior in both of them; both in regards to not having discussed this before it happens and in not using condoms even if they are not sure that the other person is clean.
“Sherlock. We need to talk.” John’s voice is determined as Sherlock looks up from the screen of his phone, afternoon light creating sharp contrasts on the kitchen walls. He’s just sent a text, asking Lestrade for the case files on the missing woman.
“In my mind’s eye, you appear to radiate a tangelo orange glow when you’re confident and pleased with something
It seems ironic that one of those problems is the potential irrationality of his own pending decision to die by his own volition.
The conclusion Sherlock's reached requires some thinking, and at the moment John’s loud refusal to shout and have his frustration - as well as so many more interesting things - out in the open is not compatible with thinking, so Sherlock shuts himself into his room as they get home, thinking about the matter at hand.
Steepling his fingers beneath his chin, Sherlock sits in his chair, waiting for John to return, trying to formulate a battle plan - before he realises that this isn’t a war.
As Sherlock enters the kitchen John is gathering the rubbish and recycling. He instantly looks up from where he's hunched besides the kitchen sink, chasing a bottle that's escaped the overfull plastic bag. It's odd; Sherlock's never before felt this exposed just because John is looking at him. Now he does. The sensation is  presumably due to the knowledge of what John now (thinks he) knows about Sherlock, but it's still an unexpected reaction which triggers an impulse to turn away from the blue-grey gaze of his friend. Uncomfortable sensations in palms and belly.
The breath against his neck is picking up. John's words are almost spoken against his pulse, lips not quite touching the skin over his carotid artery.
It's not sudden or forceful, no, it's only a slow, steady pressure of John's hand splayed out over his nape and the back of his head that's pushing Sherlock's upper body down until his cheek makes contact with the surface just vacated by the microscope. The pressure on Sherlock's skull only eases once the side of his head is pressed against the worn, scratched wood, and then John's hand instead fists in his hair, the grip pinning Sherlock to the table whilst another hand comes to rest heavily between Sherlock's shoulder blades.
John looks like he’s about to back off, about to roll off Sherlock and as much as Sherlock wants that, he doesn’t want to give John any more reason to consider Sherlock’s crossed wires and his strange needs, and so Sherlock looks up at him, defiantly.
“No. It's not- Look, I just think that we might need to establish exactly what each of us are OK with, alright?”
Also; I've based most of the executive dysfunctions in this chapter based on how they most commonly presents in ADHD, due to me finding it most in character with Sherlock. There are, however, several ways that these dysfunctions might manifest, so take it for what it is; a mainly ADHD-based illustration of the phenomenon.
“Alright, give me a minute,” John says, trying to put the pieces together. “What you're saying is that… it only works for you if there’s no doubt in your mind whatsoever that I get what I want.”
And Mycroft looks thoughtful, fiddling with the handle of his umbrella, and Sherlock knows that his brother sees this for what it is.
a mental disorder in my case. It's been suggested that it might be a neurological disorder with psychiatric manifestations, the result of an autoimmune reaction after an infection. PANDAS. In that case, it could be… curable.”
John’s shoulders square up a fraction and his breathing picks up, but his gaze remains steady on Sherlock.
His voice is almost inaudible but Sherlock reacts. John pauses his thrusts as Sherlock awkwardly stretches one stiff and tense arm out in front of him, folding his fingers around the edge of the headboard.
. A key skill for navigating any kind of social interaction when one is not fortunate enough to be able to navigate those things instinctively.)
He sucks the fingers that are intruding in his mouth and the skin is harder there than on most of the other places Sherlock has tasted, and the taste is sharper. And John has put two of his fingers in his mouth, keeping them there, making him suck them, and the implications of that gesture aren’t lost on him. Letting his tongue swirl around them, sucking and dragging his teeth along them, he uses the data from some of his more recent studies on human sexuality to imitate the act of fellatio. He’s researched, because even if John seems to enjoy what they've done so far, he knows that some technique might be useful in future encounters.
His last experiment was inconclusive in determining whether physical or emotional proximity were more effective in terms of pair bonding. Now, at almost five in the morning, once more in their hallway, Sherlock thinks that he might be closer to a reliable hypothesis.
Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to stand in the doorway, overlooking the kitchen as John prepares coffee, his movements tense and his jaw set. Sherlock’s own movements are far too revealing, but John isn’t looking at him and can’t see how his fingers tap and his eyes flicker.
John's primary emotional reactions have seemingly been guilt (over not wanting this the way he imagines Sherlock does), shame (over still doing it, and over finding some of it very hard to do on a sexual level) and just like Sherlock there seems to be some part of unverbalised anger towards the other, most likely because both of them considers themselves to be the one with the most to loose if this went south, and they both experience lack of control due to this.
Sherlock can hear the sound of his own heartbeat, but nothing else. It should feel like clarity, but it lacks every edge.
Their hands have stopped moving but haven't moved away. Sherlock's skin is painted by John's breath against his jaw. It's 3.47 pm and Sherlock still doesn't know if this changes anything.
“I said I could be ‘a bit not good’, and you said ‘at least then we’ll know’,” Sherlock informs, voice void of all emotion as he zips the body bag together.
“‘Our pathologies’, Sherlock? There's a difference between you and me in that regard. Certain obsessive tendencies can allow an individual to succeed in tasks that require a vast attention to detail, while others cause distortion of reality. Now, which of those models most closely fits you?”
If John’s to spend time looking at Sherlock’s naked body, then Sherlock assumes that he too will see it more often, and with other eyes. And admittedly, Sherlock appreciates symmetry and neatness in every other aspect of his appearance. Why would this be the exception?
It only takes Sherlock a few seconds to think through the implications of every part of the phrased pattern and some of the sudden pressure is eased. Not vanished, but manageable.
He is, however, fairly certain that what had been said and done yesterday did not fall under any kind of ‘platonic’ category.
It's the first thing Sherlock has said since lunch; since John inadvertently revealed that he considers symptoms like Sherlock's to be truly mental. John’s brow is slightly furrowed, though he’s pretending he’s not looking at Sherlock the way one looks for the last piece of a puzzle. It’s clear that he’s trying to figure out what caused Sherlock to suddenly end their conversation, then remain at the table for five tense minutes before shutting himself in his room.
Paired with the unsteady feeling and the nausea, the slight delay in his cognitive processing proves disturbing enough to make Sherlock seriously consider never to drink again.
“I was not flailing!” John hisses, and Sherlock is on his feet once more, running towards the fence. He can hear the curses behind him as John gets up to follow.
It’s something they’ve never talked about, because they don’t talk about such things. They don’t talk about the fact that while being straight John isn’t new to anal sex. They don’t talk about the fact that it’s perhaps easier this way; this way, John isn’t faced with a cock as he fucks into Sherlock.
And when it comes to Sherlock’s compensation… well; let it be said that next chapter will be Compensation part II, because there were quite a few things to be said on that subject...
(John doesn't use words when he wants something, Sherlock knows this. John uses his facial expressions, his minute approval or disapproval, his body language or his actions to communicate and ensure that he gets what he wants. He simply makes the other person want to give it to him. It just hadn't occurred to Sherlock that this style of communication would transfer so well to…
And he might hate John just a bit for all the turmoil he's causing, but that doesn't seem to change what is now inevitable.
Bitter taste floods his senses and when John’s fingers make no move to withdraw, Sherlock lets his tongue swipe over them, slide between the two digits, exploring them. Beside him, John makes a sound that is somewhere between sated, intrigued and demanding.
John looks up at him as he enters the kitchen, and there's a slight buzz beneath Sherlock's skin, but it's not a vibration, more of an intensity. Like Sherlock’s a force of nature -
"Don't be dull. Obviously. And it's not likely to be more than a five anyway, so I’m not leaving the apartment."
This remains his opinion on the matter, and apparently, the authors of the thick textbook beside him agree. There are no mentions of suicide being immoral, but instead, there’s something far more disconcerting: research that indicates a vast majority of those either attempting or completing suicide are suffering from mental illnesses at the time of the attempt, and hence not in their right mind. While Sherlock failed to diagnose himself with anything definitive prior to rehab, he seems to be experiencing a textbook example of the depression that is supposed to follow cocaine withdrawal.
Anyway, what good would it do John to be romantically involved with someone so impaired that he can’t tell reality from delusion? There’s nothing ‘amazing’ in that, and if Sherlock can’t be amazing then he’s nothing - worse than nothing; a psychologically crippled charity case.
Sherlock disguises himself as sexless - and he is, in a way, because there is no (partnered) sex in his life - and John disguises himself as easy-going - which he isn’t, not really, he only happens to have a high threshold for things that are morbid, dangerous or unexpected, and so people assume that he’s a friendly, accepting chap, since he survives both living and working with Sherlock.
John leans back just so, allowing them to see each other without the filter of proximity blur - no; allowing John to see the digits on the microwave, the ones Sherlock registered 4.5 seconds earlier.
Then there’s the issue with self-esteem. If you have a strong sense of self - an identity - you’re more likely to develop that, because without it, you will find it harder to accept that you are worth something, because you don’t know who you are, and then how can you know what you deserve? (We all deserve good things, but that’s not an aspect our minds are likely to take in when dealing with the issue of our own worth.)
When Sherlock's hands starts to wander from John's face to John's pectorals and then down to his waist, John finds himself keeping perfectly still, for there's something in Sherlock's tentative movements that make John realise that this is not like the kissing.
John is used to being questioned, verbally harassed and summoned when shaving, brushing his teeth, putting product in his hair or even clipping his nails, but this--
An obsession is always an obsession, and somehow, suffering will always be involved, Sherlock thinks as he fumbles with buttons and shivers at the sounds John makes as--
Sherlock is frustrated now, frustrated in the way he sometimes becomes when the world around him fails to make sense and when he in turn can't make himself understood to those around him. It's an expression of helplessness, and it makes John think of other things Sherlock turns to when he can't make sense of something. Sherlock, when reaching a breaking point, will either become a volcanic eruption or a shattered magnifying lens, irredeemably broken, the pieces of it still functioning, but the big picture lost.
“And we all wish it’d got there,” one of the young officers mumbles under her breath, but Sherlock can still make the words out.
The sensation is… overwhelming. It releases so much and simultaneously builds up even more tension. There are more sounds escaping him but he’s past caring. The hand withdraws and it’s a struggle not to let some very different sounds escape at that loss.
Sherlock manages to hail a cab quickly this time. Left side, left foot, right foot, left foot. Three taps.
. It’s worse than he thought, and he’s thought about this moment more than he can justify in front of himself.
Sherlock leaves the papers scattered over the desk and the surrounding floor, moves to close the window to prevent any rain smudging the ink on his notes.
As if to illustrate John’s point, a hand reaches up and begins to stroke the side of Sherlock’s neck. Fingers slide up into his hair, carding through curls for a few seconds before closing around a handful of hair in a firm grip, pulling his head sharply backwards until Sherlock’s staring up at the cornice and the ceiling, his back arched and his neck twisted awkwardly to the side.
Sherlock doesn't see the colours that radiate from other people, because they are not something that can be seen. He senses them the way other people sense moods and meanings behind words. Since perceiving things that way doesn't require any light, logic dictates that he ought to be able to perceive the nuances of someone even with without using his vision, but this is where his brain fails to obey logic. The colours always fade mere seconds after he’s closed his eyes, and he’s left with nothing but an afterimage.
At least the cigarettes cover up the lingering smell of unwashed clothing and unaired room. Sherlock finds that it’s almost a relief, completely losing himself in a problem once more after all those months of not finding anything that seemed worth his attention, mostly staring at the flaky ceiling.
John backs off a bit, giving Sherlock room to follow him. Sherlock feels naked, stripped of the proximity and neurochemical reactions from kissing. This is the point at which people change their minds, Sherlock realises. This is where people sober up from suddenly having all that space between them.
It had already been 2 am when they’d managed to get a room in the dingy little hotel, and its minibar had proved to have little to offer in terms of food. But where it had lacked in solid nutrition, it had provided well in terms of alcoholic fluids.
A breath is let out, a breath is let in. It aches where John fucked into him. A throbbing, dull ache that seems to further decrease the pressure, grounding him in the body that sometimes feel so distant from his mind.
This is no caress. It’s an exploration of the physical manifestations of Sherlock’s submission to him.
“Ah, yes,” John says, thoughtful as he examines the frayed edge of paper. Then, turning to Greg: “Were there any knives missing at the previous crime scenes?”
John groans, drops his hand from his face and absently massages the - psychosomatic - pain in his thigh.
Sherlock shudders, feeling his skin prickle as the warm air in the taxi starts to feel almost suffocating, just like the feeling of having the table pressed into his ribs, and mechanical kind of pain radiating and forcing him to--
The book lands with a ‘thump’ as he shovels it off his bed, deciding to let all this fucking pointlessness just wash over him like it always threatens to do.
(A strange duality; when it comes to the physical manifestations of John's suffering Sherlock finds that he’s often both the cause and the cure.)
Sherlock’s eyes are focused on the kettle - John's presence is palpable enough even without the direct visual confrontation as his colors constantly leak into Sherlock's field of vision.
It’d taken 32 minutes, but the patterns were replaced by a slow drowsiness, and Sherlock had caught himself staring at the rug for seconds without registering much thought.
Yes. Definitely tugging. Curls teased between fingers, hands fisting loosely, pulling away from his scalp and--
As John’s breathing is once more shallow and relaxed, Sherlock is faced with another problem. He recognises that this is one of those situations when he needs to make a decision. It’s not even a big one - not if you put it into perspective, and Sherlock is someone who constantly puts everything he does into perspective. But for now Sherlock is in a limbo of
“Have,” Sherlock corrects automatically, because if he needs to endure this conversation, he might as well endure it in a technically correct way.
As is his habit, Mycroft doesn't wait for recognition or sanction before he steps into Sherlock's room (
This is a symptom that can be hard to describe, but I made one interpretation in this chapter, using "the vacuum" as a metaphor. I've met many people who describe something similar; a void, something lacking, not feeling whole by oneself, but needing something external to hold it all together. Some theories, including those of Martha Lineham (the mother of Dialectical Behavioral Therapy, which is commonly used with good results in lessening suffering and sometimes "curing" Borderline PD, eg. making so that not enough symptoms apply to grant a diagnosis) suggests that this could be because the person has been invalidated (not confirmed or accepted) in his or her temperament, behaviors and more, due to instability or turbulence around the individual during some of the most intense years of personality development. This, of course, is theory, and the theories also see tendencies to genetical components in this personality disorder, as well as a very high rate of psychiatric comorbidity. Many professionals would also argue that this isn't a disease; it's a uneven development of personality that causes maladaptive behaviors (that were once very useful, but don't work when one grows up) and suffering for the individual. This also means that the 'treatment' must focus on changing patterns of behavior, cognition (like the chronic self-blame one often sees) and emotional regulation, not on medication.
Sherlock doesn’t. He wants to want John to stop, but he doesn’t. The hold on his hair makes shaking his head difficult, but he manages. He doesn’t want to ever know what his face must be displaying at this moment, because he is rather certain that it won’t be something appropriate or confident. Sherlock needs a lot of things, and one of them is to never feel needy.
“Sorry, I--” John starts, but Sherlock’s nerves are already too reactive, already in overdrive, and it’s all he can do not to kick John off of him, because this is too much is--
Being in such close physical proximity to John, Sherlock experienced it more as a slip into his headspace of sexual fantasies than as a moment of emotional connection, or even affection.
He doesn't dance (not like this), and he doesn't do parties. Somehow, his mind seems to have forgotten about that.
After that, the mere idea how Sherlock hadn't been consciously aware of this part of John’s identity almost every single moment they spent together seemed downright laughable.
There's a beat of silence - another whisp of lukewarm air from the fan above against his face - before John speaks again.
Beta falls silent, but Sherlock thinks he hears the faint click of nails against keyboard. It could just be in his mind, a silent metronome that makes him move his toes to the non-existent rhythm of the clicking sound.
. It’s the realisation that he will need to breathe, and that his nose is adequate for this when he doesn’t want to interrupt what’s happening.
“You're looking well,” Mycroft says, half-closing the lid of the laptop, before adjusting the angle of it slightly and putting it on the side-table next to him. “But then looks can be so deceiving, wouldn't you agree?”
John doesn’t grant Sherlock a single gaze as he grabs his coat and pushes the door open, exiting the morgue with more force than necessary.
It's no use in arguing about it. In fact, remaining silent seems to be a far more efficient way to get John to do something about his frustration.
“Most people are,” Sherlock retorts, aiming for fond but missing the note slightly due to the hesitation in his voice.
Still, there will inevitably be more than a bit of collateral damage to John. It’s not Right, and the wrongness of it is creeping into Sherlock’s bones with a
With everything else in his life, Sherlock was always 100% sure. He collected the evidence, built a theory, and knew with utmost certainty that he was right. With John, things were different. He had evidence that John was interested, that the relationship unfurling between them was a lot more than platonic, but his brain second-guessed itself at every turn. The moment he thought he was sure, it felt as if the rug was pulled from beneath him, and he was left questioning himself once again.
“Still, no one should be made to feel bad about the things they like. Or who they like. I would know.”
It was only when John’s name was called by the prosecution did Sherlock snap back into observation mode. John sat in the witness box and answered all of the questions with the medical knowledge and reliance that he wore just as well as that distractingly beautiful suit. His fierce determination to not let the defence trip him up during cross-examination was so tantamount to foreplay that Sherlock ended up feeling decided hot under the collar. Even Lestrade turned to look at him with slight concern.
And a HUGE thank you to the most amazing FTH bidder - Randomwordsonpaper for whom I wrote this fic. Thanks to her, my first experience with Fandom Trumps Hate has been great and I'm sure I'll offer my services in the future. I'm extremely lucky to have met such wonderful people in this fandom.
“Berk,” John snickered but complied, trying to accept Sherlock’s bedroom quirks rather than understand them.
With a nod and a face far too serious for the occasion, Sherlock took a hold of the knife and cut the first slice, thin and perfect, before slapping it onto the plate John held up from one of the piles around the cake. Were the first slices for them or the parents? John had no clue, so he placed the full plate back on the pile, leaving the issue to sort itself out.
John’s eyes flickered over Sherlock’s face, finally coming to rest on his lips. The last shred of Sherlock’s resolve melted, and he leaned forward, hovering for a fraction of a second above John’s mouth, letting the anticipation course through his veins. Before he had a chance to ask if this was what the other man wanted, John leaned forward and closed the gap.
When they appeared in the wide-open doors to the garden, Sherlock nodded once to his brother, who nodded back, as if they were giving signals before a heist. Mycroft straightened his back, thrust his chin up and placed his hands on the ivory keys.
“You have my blanket permission to experiment on any of my jumpers,” John blurted out, thrusting his chin up and linking his hands behind his back in an ‘at ease’ stance.
Sherlock’s smirk was replaced by an ‘oh’ when John reached for his erection again. If only he’d known sooner how to wipe that smirk off of the detective’s face…
With a plate in one hand and tea in the other, John entered the room to see Sherlock splayed face-first on the sofa with one foot still on the floor — a picture of a man exhausted by his work. John sighed with relief at the sight. Food could wait. When it came to Sherlock, sleep took priority after days of little to no sleep.
“Let’s eat!” Angelo yelled, turning attention away from all the Holmeses. Yes, John was a Holmes now too. The thought made him beam all the way to the table as Margaret directed the guests towards their seats.
“Touch me how you want to be touched, not how you think I want it. I — Ahhhh,” he groaned, thrusting into Sherlock’s fist. “I need to know what you like too.”
Sherlock’s bowtie had fallen undone again, hanging loose around his neck, and John’s hair was dishevelled. Sherlock smirked at the sight, a flicker of pride in his heart that he’d been the one to cause the mess.
Between the food and the best wishes from everyone, time passed by quickly. To John’s surprise, Harry had teamed up with Mycroft to create a surprise slideshow filled with childhood pictures. The guests aww-ed and ooh-ed at chubby-cheeked John on a swing pushed by a scraped-kneed Harry, and Sherlock with a pirate hat on his head and a wooden sword in hand, his clothes covered in mud. John laughed at the candid photo of a teenage Sherlock hair standing every-which-way, his face covered in soot after an experiment gone wrong while Sherlock snorted at a 13-year-old John in extremely baggy trousers and a net vest, posing as if the world should lay at his feet.
Sherlock sucked in a breath through his teeth and John stopped his movement immediately, alarm bells ringing in his head at the dread he’d done something wrong.
“Is that a yes?” Sherlock smiled that genuine smile John adored, the one that made his eyes crinkle at the sides.
She lifted her thick, perfectly shaped brows at him and shook her head. “Sorry,” she said, sounding like she almost meant it before the blow and pop of her gum erased that impression completely.
“I mean —” was all John managed to say before a large palm filled with icing and cake landed in the middle of his face.
“Excellent. We can go tomorrow.” Sherlock’s tone came out low as he winked and took a sip of his tea. “It’s a date.”
After weeks of attending fancy thank you parties — all of which Sherlock hated — a new opportunity fell into his lap.
However, Lestrade only had the patience to have his texts ignored for a finite amount of time before he took the much more personal approach of demanding both Sherlock and John’s courthouse participation. It involved quite a lot of shouting and a few well-placed threats to not let Sherlock near anything close to a level six case or above ever again if he didn’t concede.
John reached for the small blue envelope and made short work of pulling the enclosed tickets out. There was a moment of silence as his eyes dashed once, then twice, over the pieces of card in his hand. Eventually, he looked up, turning to watch Sherlock’s reflection in the mirror.
John pulled away slowly, placing one last delicate kiss on Sherlock’s lips as they untangled themselves from each other.
“Are you planning on going to this?” He asked John, who was sat in his chair, nursing a cup of tea. John looked up and squinted to read the invitation Sherlock was holding up.
John was in a suit. And not just the type of suit Sherlock deduced that a man like John would have crumpled up and dusty in the back of his closet. The suit was fitted and styled with a razor edge that Sherlock recognised only belonged to a properly trained tailor. The crisp blueness of the color was the exact shade of John’s eyes when he called Sherlock brilliant, and what the hell was happening to Sherlock’s vision? It went momentarily fuzzy, and hues of rosy glow that made Sherlock sure that was the telltale signs of having a mental collapse.
“Here, let me.” John walked towards the mirror, pausing at Sherlock’s back and lifting one hand towards his neck. Sherlock turned, sucking in a small breath and trying to look anywhere but John’s face. He wasn’t sure he could keep himself together if they made eye contact whilst in such close proximity.
With a hiss, John arched and pulled Sherlock on top of him on the bed so they would caress every inch of each other and gasp into the hot night air.
“I also vow to enjoy the breakfasts you make in the morning, the nagging you deliver when I haven’t slept in days, and the tiny sounds of snoring you make after you’ve had a pint.
“We can’t have that, not when you were so excited to go. I’ll get changed, then we can head out.” John let his hands drop down to his sides and turned to walk upstairs, giving a smug glance over his shoulder as he reached the door.
Before he could think twice, he unceremoniously shoved the coat into a trash bag and was on his way to get Sherlock’s coat cleaned, glad that Sherlock hadn’t seen the rough treatment of his precious garment. If he hurried, he could make it before closing time. He had no idea where Sherlock did his cleaning, but how could one dry cleaner differ from another? And there was one just around the corner.
With a friendly smile, John placed his ticket on the counter. After a glance at the number, the girl reached for one of the transparent, plastic bags on hangers behind her, and handed it to John. A fresh-linen, lovely smell wafted off of it when he took it and an image of a smiling, thankful Sherlock, accepting the gift of a freshly-cleaned coat appeared in his head. Sherlock would be so happy.
Someone whistled, a few people clapped and there were more than several voices giggling. John felt his ears turn the colour of ripe tomatoes and despite his body calling to continue the kiss, he broke it, placing his hands on Sherlock's cheeks.
The day before the wedding, John and Sherlock take a moment to talk after a week of crazy preparations.
Greg was still sweet-talking the guests when John felt Sherlock's hand on his lower back, steering him towards the house. The sounds of the party, dancing and fun faded as the garden door clicked closed behind them.
John listened, not wanting to argue as the guilt kept eating him, but even if he knew little about the brands themselves, he knew enough to judge that he could hardly afford a pair of socks there, let alone a jumper. He and Sherlock shared expenses but John refused to endanger their budget by buying things he didn’t really need.
“We haven’t been out of the country for ages,” Anderson prattled on. “But the beaches alone make it impossible not to travel this —”
“You really like honey, don’t you?” John noted, watching Sherlock drown his toast in the gooey substance.
“Mmmm now I know what to do to make you eat.” John nuzzled Sherlock's cheek playfully, his body and brain still in a happy bubble.
“There’s a Belstaff shop in Soho where I can purchase a new, nearly identical, coat. Actually, I should get two just in case…” He gave John a look of pure, wicked amusement. “They have jackets that are just the way you like yours and they do have jumpers…” He squinted his nose as if recalling John’s wardrobe. “In more earthy colours than your usual, but I think you’d like their style — the quiet, military flair. Then it’s just a short ride to Spencer Hart in Marylebone — I need a new suit. Hmm, maybe we can get you one... something casual. Oh, stop looking at me like that.”
“You know what? Wait a second,” John said, turning his back to the guests. He unpinned the white rose boutonnière from his breast pocket and threw it over his shoulder.
“God, I want to make sweet love to you tonight,” John whispered, his body heating up at the mere thought.
“Oh God Sherlock,” John moaned, the picture Sherlock had painted becoming vivid in his mind — Sherlock splayed on the bed, letting John suck his cock while he worked his fingers to milk the gorgeous man until he’d cry his name. “You’re gonna make me…”
“Oh, for goodness sake, just get on with it!” Sherlock snaps. “We both know why you called me here.”
This could have been pleasurable. John’s fingers easing the shirt from his shoulders and then continuing to stroke down his back. John unfastening his trousers, letting him step out of them himself as John tugs his own shirt off, leaving Sherlock to rid himself of the socks. He leaves his pants on; a second skin covering damaged skin. And this isn’t pleasurable. Not when there’s both distance and too much light between them.
And Sherlock hates it when John goes pale. John should never be pale. It's not his real palette. John is deep, saturated colors. That’s how he needs to be.
John's expression doesn't shift in the slightest at the mention of the war, of his own ‘first’. And it's only then that it hits Sherlock - was the war John's first trauma? He'd always assumed it was; his deductions had never given him reason to consider otherwise.
Before the lorazepam hits his system, Sherlock's hand falls to his chest, and before he’s embedded in a drug-induced haze, he almost thinks that he can feel his chest expand under his palm.
Sherlock finds himself presented with a practical matter; the question of how to shift someone’s attention from post-surgical infections and the problematic use of broad spectrum antibiotics to the act of kissing?
John isn't gay, isn't bi, isn't anything but plainly straight with a -consciously or subconsciously - repressed hint of curiosity, and so it hardly matters. Sherlock's own reactions might prove problematic, but that's assuming John will even want to proceed in this, and that's not something Sherlock will count on yet.
His own hands have found their way into John’s hair, stroking his skull beneath it, exploring the textures and the warmth, the way John’s head moves with each shift in what they do. It’s Sherlock’s hands that first register that John is withdrawing, creating a space between them where there had not been one just seconds ago -
Wondering if Sherlock’s watching him out of the corner of his eye, or if this had been something too mundane to even grant a hint of Sherlock’s attention, John turns his face even further to the side, trying to focus on the streets passing outside the window.
(It ought to feel either disturbing or arousing to have another person’s dried semen on your skin, but apparently it’s neither. It’s negligible in the light of the radiating deep arterial red and the possibility of a breakthrough in the case, it seems.)
. Close enough to hurt, and the charge in the air is making John far more reactive than he usually is. Shutting his laptop and putting it under his arm, John makes his way towards his own room, disposing the empty tea cup on his way.
“I do not like being startled. Tickling is appallingly juvenile. This arrangement is not to be discussed with anyone else. I don't like dirt, waiting prolonged periods of time or doing any kind of tasks. I don't enjoy pain for pain’s sake; make it interesting or challenging, or else just leave it. Any kind of humiliation associated with animal-like behaviour or infantilization is clearly off the table. I want to be able to speak, but temporary manual silencing is acceptable.”
Mycroft has the advantage of the unexpected. Sherlock has the advantage of apathy making even the unexpected pass by as if it was nothing. It probably was. If Mycroft intended for Sherlock to protest the fallacious statement, then Sherlock intended to not give a shit about it.
John ought to know better. He should have asked about testing and previous experiences and he ought to have mentioned being clean himself before things progressed as far as oral sex. It’s fucking fundamental in terms of sexual relationships. They really need to have that conversation before things go even further, before they end up having--
- except now he’s back to doing it frequently, and it's because of John. John, who can't even keep up with the state-approved indications for treatments he's likely to prescribe at the clinic.
. His eyes are obscured by white cotton so he senses rather than observes how Mycroft stands in the doorway after closing the door behind him, taking in every piece of information he can gather from the dim room and Sherlock's unmoving form on the bed.
(Replies are coming - I just happened to write this first when my intention was to reply to the incredibly helpful comments on the last chapters, and then I got carried away. Personal sandbox and all that... And now it's almost 11 pm and I got work in the morning.)
John won't say that he thinks that he's just done one of his most impressive attempts at deduction as of lately, and he also won't say that figuring parts of this out has made everything about what they've done so far seem far more… comprehensible. While his own desires are still somewhat distressing to him, John finds that knowing what he now knows about how Sherlock perceives it makes it seem like much less of an issue.
(It does, however, hit him. Because he is low, almost in line with the floor, so his brother’s aim wasn’t that off.)
“I think I might have been... jumping to conclusions. Last time. So I thought-- well; I might gather some more data.”
“That would be the most helpful way of doing it, unless you have some other means of communicating it.”
Unfortunately, willpower is a limited resource, and had John been here, then it wouldn't have been the new constable, with his overestimated intelligence and ‘by-the-book’ attitude, who is currently experiencing just how vile Sherlock can be when he's exhausted from restraining his mood for far too long and can't be bothered to do so anymore, but John.
A shallow, sharp breath from John as he feels the air against his half-hard cock. A breath held, and then slowly let out against John's cheek as Sherlock looks, seeing John grow harder.
As John turns towards him, holding the door open, Sherlock’s gaze is unrelenting, catching John’s and holding it until John releases a harsh breath.
It’s two hours later when Sherlock finally finds the last link he needs in order to track down Sophia. Stretching his body, he puts the kettle on before returning to his laptop, getting ready to do the tedious work of putting together the information that will lead him to her. The kettle boils, and Sherlock looks at the grey London landscape outside the window as the tea steeps in his mug, trying to determine from which end he should start sorting the information. Without thinking about it, he arranges the test tubes on the windowsill by age, putting them in a neat row.
Sherlock only nods, then jumps down from the counter, hearing the beat and the voices from the living room and suddenly feeling like the vibrations are benevolent, even alluring.
In this chapter it's also clear that he can't really handle the thought of the way he feels that he's treated Sherlock during their sexual encounters - he's clearly bothered by his own desires and the way he acts during these moments, and he seems to counteract this negative emotion - the one he can't handle - by thinking about all the good things he does for Sherlock, and the way he sees himself as a caregiver, almost. He needs that picture of himself in order to handle the other picture - the one of himself as someone who can be brutal and use people for his own pleasure. Earlier in this story, we see that John often does this, and we also see him be far more bold and daring in the physical contact with Sherlock than he might be comfortable with just to prove to Sherlock that he's not bothered by being with a man sexually (which he clearly is in the beginning).
