begins fucking like he means it.  He lets out a low groan that might be Castiel’s name just as his cock twitches in Castiel’s fist.  His inner muscles ripple, and heat splashes over Castiel’s fist and belly, but Castiel barely notices as his own orgasm crests.  His hips rise up off the bed, in an involuntary attempt to bury himself as deep as possible in his lover’s body.
Dean’s brain goes completely silent, but not in the peace and quiet kinda way.  “Something?” he finally manages to ask, even though he thinks he already knows the answer.  His fingers curl against Lore’s fur.  Thankfully she interprets it as petting, and there’s not even a hitch in her purring.
yes.”
It’s extremely gratifying that he can still indulge in one of his favorite hobbies with his new eyes.
“Ugh, why do you have to live so far away?”
, all wrapped into one crusty scowl.
Yeah, he’d lost his parents when her wheels had slipped on a wet road.  It had taken him a long time before he could look at her mangled frame without also seeing his parents coffins being lowered into the ground too.  But she’s also a connection to his mom and dad, and the easy days of childhood.  She’s precious to him, and he can’t wait to finish restoring her.
Every muscle in Dean’s body sags with relief and he’s lucky there’s a chair under his ass or he would have ended up on the floor.  His voice is wobbly when he speaks, but he’s too happy to hear Castiel’s gruff greeting that he can’t even care.  “Heya, Cas.”
“Dude, TayTay’s my bae!”
He cuts that thought off.  Losing Hannah had made him miserable.  It still hurts that she’d left him because she couldn’t handle his “violent nature”.
They ride hard along the bank of the river.  Distantly Castiel notices that the roaring wall of water that had nearly drowned them last night has dwindled back down to a shallow stream since the rain had stopped.
With a gentle, gnarled hand, Doc cups her shoulder and guides her back through the doors.  When Dean moves to follow, a strong hand on his arm stops him.  He turns to look at Castiel in confusion.
Castiel almost pulls back from their private audio connection.  The procedure sounds incredibly invasive, and his security protocol is filling his log with warnings.  A previously unknown memory of Naomi looming over him in preparation to “fix” him loads, and when he tries to force close it, he locks up.  The only part of him still functioning is the memory playback and the security warnings.
“Hell yeah,” Dean says.  “Even that old Casa Erotica one.  That one’s harder to find on DVD, but my brother is friends with the franchise owner Gabriel, and got his hands on a copy for me.”
Gordon dips his head in a regal nod.  “Sheriff thinks so too.”
They make camp at the first summit just as the sun is starting to lower itself below the rocky peaks.  It’s too dangerous to continue their ascent up the mountain in the darkness.  But they’d ridden for almost fourteen hours, and both they and their horses need rest.
Castiel catches his shoulder.  “Wait.”
The hollowness in Sam’s stomach has him nodding in response.
.  Jo has been teasing him about “eye-fucking” all week, and right now Dean can
Virgil smiles, obviously pleased with the meeting’s outcome as well.  “Of course.”
Dean doesn’t wake up.  He remains unconscious and deathly still through the whole operation.
Dean’s chuckle is as warm as the sunlight that has inched up the porch and over their legs.  “Sure, mom.”
“Drugs and exposure,” Dean grumbles.  “Pam’s always giving me the hard homework.”
Sam chuckles.  “Something like that.” He suddenly frowns and looks around, eyeing the road under their feet.  “We’re not soulmates.  Is this the Axis Mundi?”
The house seems to be mostly empty, so he heads for the kitchen where he hears a feminine voice humming.  He finds Ellie at the stove.  She’d been introduced to him earlier as Cesar’s sister, which had come as a surprise since she’s the only adult woman he’s met here, and he’d expected her to be Cesar’s wife.  She’d laughed when he commented on his misconception, but Cesar had gone quiet, his lips pressed together and turned down at the corners.  But when he’d noticed Castiel’s regard, his friendly smile was immediately back in place, leaving Castiel to wonder at the fleeting signs of reticence.
“Do you know what time it is?” Gabriel grumbles.
“There aren’t any trees around.”
Anger flashes across Dean’s expression, and his fingers tighten again, making Castiel wince.  After a long moment, he makes a sound of disgust and releases him roughly.  Castiel cradles his hand close to his chest again, and turns his gaze away from Dean’s glare to look at his damaged palm with a pained grimace.
“It was a bomb.”
When it stops he barely notices.  His skin burns from shoulder to thigh, and he lets himself sink into the pain, relishing every throb and pulse.
It shouldn’t be a surprise that he would take such an announcement calmly.  He’s probably seen more death during his military career than Castiel has in all his years as a cop.  Despite the gravity of the subject, his lips twitch with a small smile.  It’s short-lived though, because what he has to say next is not easy.  Too much of his life has been uprooted and upended.
Strong arms wrap around Castiel’s waist  and soft lips brush the shell of his ear.  Beard stubble scrapes against his skin when Dean speaks.  “Is this for me?”
Castiel nods, even though Dean isn’t looking at him.  “The sarlacc scene is my favorite.  And I still have a thing for Princess Leia,” he admits.  Dean looks up at him, and Castiel can see a question in his eyes.  It would be easy to end things now, whatever “things” means for them.  The light flirtation they’ve been engaged in since they first met can be turned into friendly joking if he leaves that sentence hanging.
“I win!” Black Eyes declares.  A knife embedded in the wall they were using as target practice wriggles free of the wood and then flies across the room, embedding itself in the Apache’s throat.
“It’s been known to happen on occasion.”
family for as long as he lives, no matter how far from home he wanders.  His heart is big enough to hold the whole world in it.” She pauses, and gives Castiel a meaningful look.  “But when he finds
He’s not John Winchester.
Getting his parents home and settled in takes the rest of the morning.  A home nurse comes by to set up the bathroom and shower, and to go over general care with Anna, and Castiel stays with her to learn what he can as well.  Afterwards he makes lunch for his parents and cleans things up for them before heading back to his empty condo.
The pitch dark of the room begins to fade as the sunstrips begin to emulate sunrise, and Dean decides lounging around doesn’t sound like much fun if he’s going to do it alone.  With a grunt he rolls again, sitting up at the edge of the bed and stretching his arms over his head.  His spine and tendons pop softly, and he grunts in pleasure before bouncing to his feet.
He hangs up the receiver, and presses his palms to his head, massaging with his finger tips.  He wants to lie back down, but he’s not sure he’ll be able to get back up again.  He desperately needs to pee, but the idea of walking across the small room is daunting.  Being upright is making his stomach roil uncomfortably, and being in the bathroom is probably a good idea for more than one reason, but he’s not sure he can make it.
(The reason was that I was rushing to write it for a mini bang with an 8k minimum, with 6 weeks to write it, and I had to drop out because I was at 70k by the deadline with the end still far distant, and I used NanoWrimo to finish it.  This was before I learned that I'm just LikeThat, and that writing shortfic is not my forte.)
It doesn’t feel right to poke him about it right now though.  Not when he’s wide-eyed with anxiety that could so easily be pushed into a full blown panic attack if Castiel doesn’t tread carefully.
“His horse!” comes the alarmed explanation in heavily accented English.  “It came back alone.  Joaquín is gone!”
Dean presses a hand against his chest, and gasps in overly dramatic shock.  “A city boy
Castiel smiles, and scratches lightly at Dean’s scalp.  “Obviously.”
Dean stops and looks down at Cas.  He’s learning a few things about the Pinkerton that he hadn’t noticed on their first two meetings.  He hadn’t really been paying attention because he’d assumed that he wouldn’t be seeing the man anymore.
Eventually they wrestle out their differences, and they shuffle back to Castiel, arms slung over each other’s shoulders and leaning heavily on each other.  They’re both grinning and chuckling, and if they weren’t both such giant men, they’d look like little boys.
Alistair’s gaze slides back to Castiel.  His eyes are like chips of ice embedded in his face, which is twisted with a sick form of elation.  “So it begins.”
“You don’t have to wait for dinner,” Ellie says over her shoulder when she hears the sound.  She gestures at the table where a stack of tortillas sits next to a crock of butter.  “Help yourself to a snack before your stomach tries to eat itself.”
But Castiel is.
“I didn’t follow the correct protocol,” Castiel points out.  “I should have told you my feelings, and then allowed you to express your own on your time.  I’ve seen it play out in stories, and I didn’t do it right.”
He grins.
Castiel isn’t the only one to turn a look of surprise on Dean after that statement.  “I’ve got a pull out couch, and it’s probably more comfortable than the motel beds.  It’s got a memory foam mattress.”  Dean clears his throat, and even in the dark it’s obvious that he’s blushing.
Castiel stares at Dean, looking for any sign that he might be teasing.  Or, god forbid, that he’s in on some kind of prank with one of the people who used to torment Castiel for being gay when they were in school.  But Dean had never been like that before, and had even had a few students banned from the library for being disruptive when they’d tried to follow Castiel in there to pester him.
The little worried wrinkle between Sam’s brows doesn’t disappear, but he’s been dealing with Dean’s bullshit long enough to know when to trust Dean’s instincts and let him be.  He grunts softly in acknowledgement.  “Alright, I guess I’ll let you get back to work.”
“Murdered during sex by a sexbot.”  Gabriel sighs longingly and tucks his sucker back in this mouth, where it bulges under his cheek.  “What a great way to go.”  He laughs and makes his holo translucent when Sam tries to poke him in the side for being horrible.  Giving his holo physical feedback again, he slaps Sam’s hand away before plopping back down on the bed, this time with his head pillowed against Sam’s chest.  “Maybe it’s a self defense program for clients that get a little too rowdy, and you’re being paranoid,” he says around the sucker.
That may be why it didn’t help Emmanuel.  Castiel would rather not think about that right now though.
“Might as well call me ‘Sam’.  Everyone does.” Samuel goes back to preparing what looks and smells like breakfast.
But he knows that’s a pipe dream.  Sam’s a stubborn asshole, and even without his demon blood powers, he thinks he can help.
Castiel Jameson is already a hunter.
“Because half of Dean’s personality is sublimation.” Sam rolls his eyes and holds up a stalling hand as if he expects more questions.  “Don’t ask why, I haven’t figured it out yet, and I’m not a shrink.”
“Do you mind telling me why?” Dean asks quietly.
“Cas,” he whispers against lips pink and swollen from his kisses.  “Cas…”
“Well we could always drive to one of the bigger towns and see if the dating scene is any better,” Benny suggests, for probably the hundredth time since Dean moved back to Purgatory.  “I could be your wingman.”
“But there’s no reason this hunt can’t still be about revenge,” Castiel says.
Dean holds up his hands.  In supplication or mock surrender?  Castiel can’t tell with the darkness obscuring his face.
“Nah, you’re right.  It’d be better if I fly.”
It’s obvious that he isn’t going to discuss it further because he spreads his blankets beside the fire and lies down. He wraps one blanket around his shoulders, adjusts the brim of his hat low over his eyes, and settles his gun across his chest.  “You better get some sleep too,” he suggests.  “It’s going to get real miserable when it starts to rain.”
When he reaches it, he finds Sam as expected.  But only Sam.
Castiel looks up at Samuel.  "If he needs another gun, I can procure one for him."
Dean mutters a curse as he puts his back to Castiel’s so they can protect each other more easily.  “Sam!” he shouts.
I don't expect to update daily, so don't get used to this lol... I wasn't sure I would even keep working on this until I was already more than halfway done with chapter 2, so I didn't post chapter 1 for a while after I wrote it.  I'll probably stick with my usual once a week posting schedule XD
“Of course it is,” Castiel argues.  “A third wheel adds extra grip, greater stability.”
He doesn’t think that Dean was disappointed in the kissing, since they commonly share the short affectionate ones, and Dean often initiates them because he seems to enjoy them very much.  Maybe Dean wishes Castiel would more frequently take the lead.
He slips his fingers into Dean’s hair as he leans over him.  He kisses Dean tenderly, cradling his face between his hands.  A single tear slips down his cheek and spills onto Dean’s.  He kisses him goodbye.
When his meal is ready, Ellen brings it to him.  There must be a lull in her work, because she leans her arms on the counter and gives him a speculative look.  “So you’re leaving town after you eat?” she asks.
Dean leans his head out the window.  “Cas, ask Eileen if she wants to ride with me.”
“Return of the Jedi,” Castiel answers as he obeys the order.  He has to brace a hand on Dean’s shoulder to keep his balance.  The muscles are firm under his palm.  “Don’t you dare tease me about liking ewoks.”
A warning tingle in his fingertips makes him curl them tighter around his mug of sweetened lemon juice to keep from reaching out.
The idea of someone resetting Castiel and treating him like an object makes Dean clench his fists in silent threat to non-existent enemies.  Having no one to aim that anger at gives him heartburn, and he swallows bile down.
“We don’t have a hospital, but we’ve got a doctor,” Ash says.  “I know you said you didn’t need it, but--”
Hooray!  The project of my heart for the last 6 years is FINISHED!  Now I can take a break!
“You should sleep,” he says.
Since he’s already crouched down, Castiel decides to start with Dean’s lower body.  Dean hands him a washcloth when he requests it, and he works the soap into the soft cloth before apply it to Dean’s skin.  He washes each foot, working between the toes and having him lift each foot so he can wash and rinse the soles, once he gets Dean’s confirmation that he’s not ticklish.  Dean’s breath hitches as he swipes the cloth across the arch of each foot, the only hint of sensitivity.
Deciding that he’s been creepy enough, he finally touches Castiel’s shoulder.  Dark blue eyes blink open in surprise, and for a split second Dean thinks he might get a fist in the gut from the way Castiel’s whole body goes taught.  But recognition is quick to follow, and the tension eases from Castiel’s body as he looks up at Dean curiously.
“I’m into guys!” Dean says, a little louder than he intended. He glances around, but no one is paying any attention. He clears his throat and speaks at a more normal volume. “I mean, uh… I haven’t dated a guy before, but I’m… I’m bi.”
,” Sam snorts.  “You’ve seen him helicoptering over me for a couple weeks now.”
“I’m surprised he’s not out here with you.”
Castiel’s cooling system goes into overdrive and he starts breathing heavily.  “I’m sentient.”
Castiel tenses, and his fingers go still on Dean’s shoulders.
“I needed to finish up that brake job,” Jo grumbles.
Chuck responds with a high pitched laugh that bordering on hysterical, and covers his eyes with a shaking hand.  “Oh my god, I can’t believe this is happening. I took so many precautions, and still fucked myself.”
Once he’s back at the motel, Castiel packs up his clothes, including the things he’s borrowed from Dean, into a canvas bag.  He has to do laundry often, because he still hasn’t gone looking for a place to buy more clothes, or contacted someone back in Boston to send him some of his things.  Dean has a washer and dryer that he’d probably let Castiel use, but he still likes going to the laundromat.  It’s just as much of a social hotspot as the diner or the roadhouse, and every once in a while he runs into Eileen while he’s there, and he enjoys his conversations with her.
If Dean has medical training, then his plan is a good one, so Castiel wastes no time arguing.  He barely spares him a nod before spinning and running back inside.  Behind him the wheels of Dean’s truck squeal as he speeds out of the parking lot.
Castiel frowns.  “They why is he after Dean?”
“Of course I do.” Castiel nudges Dean’s feet with his own.  “It’s a bit of a drive to their place.  Are you up for going out?”
Realization makes Sam want to slap himself, and Dean for being a mopey shit head and not connecting the dots himself.  “Dude. He was a brothel android. Unless the client specifically requested physical affection after sex, they probably just got up and left.”
She looks pissed enough to bite through one of them, but he’s not dumb enough to tell her that.  Showing no fear in the face of her bark but no bite attitude, he pulls a rag out of his back pocket and attempts to clean some of the oil off his hands.  He eyes Jo for a moment before his eyes drift to the clock on the wall behind her.  It’s late afternoon already, and his stomach growls to remind him that he hasn’t eaten since far too early in the morning.  “You want to go to the Roadhouse and get something to eat?” he asks as if Jo isn’t seething with anger in front of him.
“I dunno, anything.”  Dean’s shoulders shift in a small shrug. “Tell me about what you’ve been reading.”
From where he’s pressed against Castiel’s back, Dean chuckles as he reads the note over his shoulder.  “Is Charlie into chicks?”
A bloodied palm slams up into Sam’s chin, knocking his head back and dazing him long enough for Castiel to knock the sword from his hand and leave it stinging.  And then he’s dodging a fury of blows.  Castiel is
Wyatt’s eyes narrow, and he suddenly exudes deadly intent.  Many men have seen that look from twenty paces on deserted streets in countless towns, but didn’t live to see it twice.  Dean merely grins.
All the while, his heart pounds loud and furious.  Surely it must be audible to the creatures hunting them.
Castiel had been so caught up in the taste of Dean’s skin that he nearly keens in loss when Dean pulls his hand away.  But then his hand is slipping back into Castiel’s pants, wrapping around his cock. He gasps as Dean sets up a steady rhythm, stroking from head to base, and back.
“Sam?” Dean chokes out.
“Oh yeah okay that can wait,” Gabriel babbles.  His wings twitch against the bed, and his fingers curl into the lavish blankets under his body.  And when Sam slides a single finger inside him, his head tilts back against the mattress and he lets out a low keening that might or might not be Sam’s name.
Dean’s smile turns sly.  “Noted,” he says before taking a bite of his own meal.
is something he has to work towards, especially in this position.  He grunts as his hips slap hard and quick against Dean’s thighs, and he gasps when Dean starts egging him on, begging him to come, to get him wet between his legs.
His fingers dig deeply into Castiel’s hips, hard enough to leave bruises on a fragile human body.  Every time he drives forward he pulls Castiel’s hips hard against his own, until their skin slaps loudly against each other.  Every few thrusts he grinds deeper, rolling his hips.  And Castiel responds by bracing himself against the stone counter and pressing back.  He arches his spine to give Dean different angles and is rewarded with hissed cussing or deep groans.
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, but it feels inadequate.  “Fuck, yeah.”
Sam nods.  “He’s not as sneaky as he thinks he is, and if I really wanted to keep him out of those records, he wouldn’t even know they existed.”
“Thinkin’ about it,” Dean says before laving over the head of Castiel’s cock again.  He hums at the taste, and licks his lips, smirking when Castiel’s eyes go dark and predatory.
He barely puts any weight on Castiel, but it’s enough to make Castiel’s shoulder twinge.  Grunting, Castiel rubs the ache.  He should probably find himself an ice pack before it gets worse.
Gabriel snorts.  “And you don’t want to check for yourself?”
By the time he finishes all the phone calls it’s well after lunch, but he still doesn’t expect Dean to show up for more than an hour.  When Castiel’s stomach growls, reminding him that it’s been a while since breakfast, he wonders how far he’d have to go to get some food.  His hip and ankle don’t ache so badly since he’s been resting them, and he thinks he’ll be fine to walk a few blocks to pick something up.  If he remembers correctly, the grocery store isn’t very far.  When he told Bobby that he’d be staying longer, he’d been set up in a larger room that is equipped with a mini fridge and a microwave, so he could pick up a few things to store in the fridge.
Those thoughts are interrupted when Castiel guides his cock to Dean’s hole.
,” Gabriel grumbles.  “I just don’t like coming out here because your brother hates me.”
Dean brightens a little, although there’s still darkness lurking behind his eyes.  “Yes, I have Baby.  And I guess thanks are in order for that.  But I think I’ll wait to see if we live through this.”
Tucson is nearly seventy miles north of Tombstone, and the fastest route is a twenty mile journey by stagecoach, then a transfer to train.  Castiel boards the early morning stage with six other passengers.  He ends up seated next to a young girl of maybe eleven or twelve traveling with her mother.  She’s bright and energetic, and not shy about talking to a male stranger despite the disapproving looks she keeps receiving.
Sam pats him gently, and answers Castiel’s questions.  “His body is fighting off the infection and rejecting affected cells and tissues.  Since it starts in the digestive tract, he’s basically suffering from the world’s worst case of food poisoning.”
Dean approaches the mule and looks over all the packs again.  "What the hell is all of this, Cas?"
“Hey, Cas are you in here?”
Alistair smirks, and whirls around, yelling at the Comanchero and Black Eyes in Spanish that Castiel only partially understands.
Winchester is still speaking softly to the mare when Castiel approaches.  The Appaloosa has her face pressed against Winchester’s chest, nickering softly as he scratches around her ears.
, needles at him.  But Dean is right, he can’t do this without him.  Slowly, he nods.  “Understood.”
“Promise me, Cas,” Dean whispers.  “You wanted to be a human, you gotta accept mortality like one.  Otherwise I’m going to track you down and drag you home.  There’s a dungeon in this place, and I could keep you locked up for the rest of your natural life.”
“Didn’t stop me the first time,” Chuck responds just as quietly.
Armed with his own machete, Dean follows.
Dean rolls his eyes at the crude words.  “That would have been nice, but no,” he says as he knuckles the sore muscles above his hips.  Working for hours bent over engines is probably going to cripple him for good some day.  All that fancy surgery on his knee, and it’s going to be a slipped disk that sticks him in a wheelchair.  “It was just a really hot dream that was very rudely interrupted.”  He gives Benny a pointed look.
They fall silent for a few minutes.  Dean doesn’t know what Castiel is thinking about, but he can’t stop thinking about the possibility of never meeting Cas if just a few things had turned out differently in their lives.
It’s a terrible risk.  If he misses one landmark, one familiar rock or turn in the trail, it will be disastrous for both of them.  It might be hours before he discovers his mistake.  But stopping for the night means another delay in getting off the mountain, and Dean may not survive it.
Jo gives him a warm smile.  “I mean, I know it’s harder on you... I didn’t see him as much as you did.” A sparkle of mischief glints in her eyes.  “Or as much
His tired brain goes even fuzzier when Dean starts to disrobe.  He follows each movement, mouth going dry as golden skin and firm muscles are revealed to his gaze.  The memory of those muscles under his palms, hard under soft skin, sends his blood pounding through his veins.
“You don’t believe me,” Alistair guesses.  His shoulders lift in a shrug.  “You don’t need to, right now.” He smiles again.  “We could speak of your brother instead, if you’d like.”
“Maybe,” Sam teases.  He nuzzles Gabriel’s cheek, enjoying the soft texture of the beard he’s been growing lately.  “I can tell you missed me though.”
He looks like a fixture of the forest, a creature born of the season.
Castiel’s thumb draws small circles against Dean’s collarbone.  “I wish I could be real for you.”
There’s a wistfulness in Castiel’s voice that brings Dean’s gaze back up.  “What?”
Dean doesn’t apologize for being such an ass, even though he acknowledges that he probably should.  He doesn’t think his concern about whether Cas would have the strength and skill for the hunt was misplaced, but he’s glad to have been proven wrong.
They were polar opposites.  Emmanuel was quiet and well behaved, usually absorbed with his studies even when Castiel tried his hardest to get him to put away his books and go outside to play.  Unlike Castiel he’d adhered perfectly to all rules of etiquette, always the perfect gentleman.
He does know that, and he’s irritated at the error in his conversational algorithm.  “I apologize, I don’t know why I asked that.”
The rabbit is slightly chewy, but tastes wonderful.  There are tortillas again, but tonight there are also cooked beans to roll inside them.  It all tastes wonderful to Castiel, whose empty stomach has been a source of at least half his discomfort.
Castiel looks back at the massacre.  He’s not close enough to see any faces, but his mind supplies him with plenty.  The woman who’d given him food on the train to Tucson.  The little girl and the other passengers of the stage coach to Fort Buchanan.  Nameless shopkeepers and stableboys.  Boardinghouse matrons and fancy ladies who’ve tried to woo him for a few coins.
“I’m glad to have proven you wrong, Marshal.” He turns to Pamela who hovers next to the bed, watching events unfold.  “I apologize for causing a ruckus ma’am.”
“There’s so many!”
He stares off, looking at nothing, probably only seeing painful memories.  “Pa taught me to hunt.  To kill.  And when we learned that the demon had infected Sammy with its blood to turn him into a soldier for an army it was raising up, Pa told me that someday I might have to kill him too.”
Dean’s smile widens.  “You know… I’ve never told anyone that I love them before.”
When the drum beats dramatically, Dean kicks out his leg and really starts hamming it up.  His body sways dramatically, pulling Castiel back and forth with him as he wails into his beer bottle.
“I don’t plan on giving you any trouble,” he says.
“Cas! It’s me!” Dean hisses at his cheek.
Dean sighs and tucks his phone away.  Well there goes part of his weekend plans.  And on top of it he has to deal with reporting a lost shipment to the vendor.  Fun stuff.  “Thanks for checking anyway.”
He lifts his chin and waits for everything to fall apart.
Dean waits, knowing that as long as Cas is in the cabin with the Comancheros, attempting to get him out will only get him killed.
He’s careful with his footsteps on the rocky, uneven ground, and his slow pace means Sam catches up with him quickly, just as he reaches the first of the bodies.  From the clothing he sees on the ones he can see clearly, there don’t appear to be any women among the victims.  He’s not sure if he should be relieved, or worried that they’ve been carried off for worse treatment.
Taking a fortifying breath, he tries to drum up some excitement for seeing even a tiny part of a new place.  It’s been a long time since he’s been in a big city, and just the idea of going outside makes his heartbeat tick up in an unpleasant way.  But he can just find a dark corner in the coffee shop and distract himself by texting Jo and pestering her about the way she blushed and giggled around Charlie.
Castiel sighs as what Dean is trying to say sinks in.
The air, which has so far been completely still, stirs.  A strong breeze kicks up, reaching cooling fingers through his clothing.  Dean takes a deep breath, even though it’s clogged with sweat and dust, and sighs into the black cloth covering his face.  At least he’s getting a little relief from the heat before-
Maybe more.
“Shower,” Dean agrees.
“Yes, for almost two years.”  Castiel’s stomach twists, and he could kick himself for not telling Dean about it earlier.  He hopes Dean doesn’t think Castiel has deliberately misled him.  But after his first flash of--completely valid--anger, Dean seems more curious than anything else, and Castiel is determined to answer his questions openly and honestly.  He hadn’t intended to hide anything, and he wants to make sure Dean knows it.
Dean reaches out and circles Castiel’s wrist in his fingers, halting the careful movements of the knife.  “Hey, you aren’t an assassin-bot pretending to be a sex-bot, are you?”
Sitting up straight, careful not to jostle his pole so he doesn’t scare away the fish, he fixes Sam with a solemn gaze.  “It might be too late for both of us,” he admits.  “And if… someone… gives me a good reason to stick around, I’m in a position to stay and see how it goes.”
Pulling his borrowed goggles and mask off, Castiel eyes Golem warily.  “Is the shop open?”
“He killed Castiel’s brother,” Dean says into the silence.  Under the table, Castiel feels the reassuring press of Dean’s thigh against his.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you.”
“Calm your horses, Cas.”  His voice sounds as reasonable and soothing as he’s going for, but it has dropped to the lower register he typically reserves for bedrooms and barn romps.  “I’m just going to make sure you’re in good shape to ride.”
Dean leans in, and Castiel’s lips part in anticipation.  But before they can connect Claire shouts at them to hurry the hell up, and to come help them pick the next movie.  Dean straightens, but he doesn’t let go of Castiel, guiding him into the living room with a firm grip around his waist.
Sam snickers at the mental image of Dean hiding under his beloved Impala the way a scared kid would hide under a bed, but he doesn’t bother to clarify what he meant.  “If he’s a dick to you, don’t take it personally.  Just be patient with him.”
Dean rises up on his elbows, causing the blanket to slip down and bare his chest.  “Then what bothers you so much about sharing the bed?”
Jody’s sudden blush makes Dean bark out a laugh.  He doubts Castiel heard any of their conversation, but he’s comfortable enough with Jody to tease her about the possibility.
“Obviously,” Castiel grits out.  Does Dean actually believe he doesn’t have enough sense to put his boots on?
blood,” he repeats.
Virgil and Wyatt Earp welcome them enthusiastically.  “Well, boys, you survived!  And I’ve got your pardons right here.”  Virgil hands over a thick packet of paperwork.
Ash and Jo take over getting the bike into the garage bay, and Jo promises she’ll lock up for the night.  Dean gestures Castiel to follow him, leading him to a path around the side of the garage.  Castiel is tired and sore, and can’t hide his limp, but as he follows Dean along the rocky path in the dark, he thinks there might be just a little bounce in his step too.
Since getting discharged from the army he’s suffered from some nasty bouts of insomnia, and what sleep he did get was interrupted by nightmares that had him up and pacing the house.  Back when Sam had still lived in the house with him, he’d sometimes threaten to hold Dean down and feed him Ambien.  But the sleepless nights have dwindled over the time, along with the panic attacks.  The one that nailed him in the laundromat the other night had been the first in several months.
Must have been Eileen, because Benny and Sam are only civil to each other for his benefit.  “Little birdie needs to mind her own business.”
It calls to a powerful and terrifying thing growing inside him.  Startled, he tries to pull away, afraid of being completely overwhelmed by the feelings Dean stirs in him.  “Dean,” he breathes into the narrow gulf between them.  “What… what is this?”
Castiel grins at his reflection and reaches up to rub his cheeks with both hands.  There’s still the lightest hint of stubble, and the prickle on his palms is both sharper and less intense than when he rubs Dean’s longer stubble.
In his synthetic body, Castiel had laughed often.  He didn’t always recognize the punchlines of every joke, though it was easy to express his amusement when he did.  But it was always a conscious choice.  Laughing was how one expressed amusement and joy, so he would laugh at the right times.
Rain?  Castiel looks up at the brilliant night sky.  The stars still twinkle overhead and the moon is just starting its night journey on the far horizon.  He casts a glance at the other man, unconvinced of his ability to predict the weather.
He’s going to have to get himself out of this mess on his own.
The shot plops into the water, but the gun’s report is enough to halt the wolf midstream.  Its head lowers as it finds their scent, and its lips pull back from long fangs.
Dean’s hand shoots out at a speed that would be deadly if used to draw a gun.  He snags Castiel’s wrist before he can get out of range, and tugs.  A yelp escapes Castiel’s lips as he’s nearly toppled into Dean’s lap.  He manages to catch himself with a hand braced on Dean’s shoulder.
This land is a constant wonder to Castiel.  Everything out here seems bigger, grander, more breathtaking… more dangerous.
They eat in silence for a moment.  Every once in a while Dean gives into Lore’s whining, dipping his finger in his milk and holding his hand down by his knee.  She stands on her hind legs and licks the droplets, and then whines for more when he resumes feeding himself.  It makes Castiel smile every time, to see this big, scarred man with trauma weighing him down, spoiling his cat and gently cooing at her while her claws dig into his jeans when she begs for treats.
His smile fades when he remembers the less than ideal circumstances that brought him here to meet Samuel.  He clears his throat when it tries to close up, and forces thoughts of his brother back down, deep, and changes the subject.  “I suppose I’ll need to obtain a mount for you as well now that you’ll be joining us.”
“Close enough,” he answers quietly.  He allows Castiel to cuddle him close, enjoying the burn of beard stubble against his skin when Castiel nuzzles him.
But the information listed under that is more than he’d found on his own, and he sits up straight in his seat when he reads it.  “This is the lead engineer?”
“Do you intend to go back home someday?” he asks.
When he looks up again, he nearly loses it.  Cas has a damn fine poker face, but Dean is learning his tells.  Anyone else might see a cool facade, but if looks could kill Dean would be a pile of ash in the dirt.
“Concussion,” Doc answers before Dean can speak.  “And a broken leg.  He will need x-rays so we can see the extent of the damage.”
He wants to hold on.  More than he’s ever wanted anything before.  He feels like if he lets go, he’ll lose his connection with the earth, with reality, and he wonders if the swirling mass of dark fear buzzing in his head is what madness feels like.
how babies are made,” Dean says brightly, and then immediately wrinkles his nose.  “God that’s fucking gross, I’m sorry.”
It’s satisfying to see Rachel go pale.  Not many people call her out for spreading gossip, since most people cling to every word instead.
Castiel hears the jagged edge of worry in his voice.  He’s already seen how protective Dean is over his brother, and it must have been incredibly difficult to let Sam go off alone with this kind of danger on their heels.  If Emmanuel were with them, there’s no way Castiel could have allowed him out of sight under such circumstances.
He made the right choice.
“I’ve got spares,” Castiel assures him before capturing his mouth again.
“Shhh…” Dean soothes as he reaches for the bottle of lube again.  “That was the last time, I promise.  I’m gonna let you come.”  He sits up and reaches between his own legs to prep himself with lube-wet fingers.
Castiel stands and turns in a slow circle, wondering if he should risk trying to find Dean in the dark.  To make sure nothing has happened to him.  It seems impossible, but not even Dean is infallible.  And if he’s been hurt while Castiel was sleeping…
I am.  You have to tell me
His reaction is pure instinct.  He jerks away from his captor’s grasp and dives for his gun, where it had fallen in the dirt along with him.
Sam’s feet, so leaden with surprise when Castiel unexpectedly announced their friendship, suddenly feels like they’re strapped into winged sandals as he steps into the room to join them.  He returns Castiel’s welcoming smile when he slides onto a stool next to him.
Unwilling to delay any further with Dean’s arguments, Castiel finally lets his building anger come through in his words.  “Dean, we are almost out of water, and we only have one chance of surviving this.  I know you’re not as sure of the spring’s location as you claim.  We
From the next room he hears another man speaking.  “Come on, Suzie.  Jest lay yerself down over here.”
Dean holds out a hand.  “May I see it?”
It’s sexy as fuck.  Dean’s always wanted to date a Cat Guy.
“Dean?” Pamela asks, voice edged with uncertainty and alarm.
When Castiel slides into the driver’s seat the first time, Dean ignores the disbelieving looks Jo gives him from across the garage.  But he knows she has good reason to be shocked.  The Impala is his baby.
“That scared the fuck out of me,” he admits hoarsely when he sees the questions written all over Castiel’s face.
A blush rises up in Dean’s cheeks, and he scratches at the back of his head.  “Oh yeah, plenty of ‘em.  And I usually end up awake at weird hours, drinking coffee so I won’t go back to sleep for a while.  So I get why you’re not sleeping.”
Dean will come for him.  Castiel just prays that he finds him in time…
Regardless of the fact that Dean doesn’t feel the same way about him, Castiel loves him.  And he can’t bear it if Dean dies.
Dean is the first out of his chair to approach him.  “How is he, Doc?”
He turns back and gives Castiel a crooked grin.  “It means you’re so hungry that you’re angry.  Hungry plus Angry equals Hangry.”
“Gotta try and hold still, Cas,” Dean warns softly.  His grip tightens and he strokes Castiel slowly from base to tip.  “Don’t want to lose your balance.”
“Gender and Sexuality studies?” Sam asks with a laugh.  “Did you choose that?”
“Stay here.”  It comes out harsher than he intends, but he only softens a little bit when hurt flashes in Cas’ eyes.  “I’ll get my horse.”
“Shit!”
A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.
Her scowl comes back.  “Don’t remind me.  Sometimes I never feel like I’m going to be clean again after working for that slimy bastard.”
Castiel still hasn’t lost his wide eyed wonderment.  He steps close to the nearest rack of plants--carrots--and reaches out to touch the delicate leaves, gentle so that he doesn’t damage them.  His head swivels up and around, taking it all in like an excited child.  “It’s lovely.”
Castiel deliberately changes his focus back to Dean’s eyes and refuses to acknowledge even in the privacy of his own mind how captivating they are.  “Hello, Mr. Winchester.  I’m here to offer you a deal.”
“We’re just fine, Jody,” Bobby says soothingly, as he pats Rufus on the chest and starts herding him away.  “Have a good night, boys.”
He’s rewarded with a another deep chuckle.  “Yeah exactly.”  Moving to Castiel’s side and tightening his grip around his waist, Dean exerts pressure that forces Castiel to step forward to maintain his balance.  “Come on, Cas.  Baby steps.”
He catches Ellie’s small nod of approval.  Jesse’s sharp gaze flicks between them, and Castiel can see that he understands there is more to the story, but he chooses not to probe for more information for the moment.  Despite sharing their past as hunters with the vaqueros, there are still things that Cesar and Jesse obviously don’t want to involve them in either.
“Close enough.”
“He’s not coming after me.”  It’s a lie.  For all the doubts that rose up in the last few days, Castiel knows Dean better than that.  He’s out there, and he’ll find Castiel.
“Hey Dean,” he says just loud enough to be heard over the low music his brother is tapping his fingers along to.  “Drop me off at Gabriel’s?”
It’s a warning not to push too hard, or Sam’s gonna revolt.  And Dean knows he better heed it, or his brother will make his life hell.
Dean tries to push the cloth away, and Castiel just puts it right back in place.  “You and Sam…”
“How on earth did Dean get a sex bot?  They’re like a bajillion credits.  Did he find a junker in the trash and fix it up or something?”
And Dean knows that Cas is going to want to try and count the new ones later tonight.
The announcement makes Aaron squint at Castiel.  Almost immediately his eyes widen with delight.  “Holy shit, is this the sex bot?”  He pushes past Golem and gets too far up in Castiel’s personal space.  “Damn, no wonder you didn’t want to sell it.  I can’t even tell it’s synthetic.”
A smile ticks up Dean’s lips as he nears his desk and sees his boyfriend spinning back and forth in his chair, head tilted back on the seat, headset on and messing up the neat part Castiel’s hair had started the day with.  One of his long fingers is curling in and out of the headset cord, and he sounds far less bored than he looks as he walks his customer through installing a software update.
About half way through the sandwich, Jody lets out a pleased sigh.  “This really hits the spot.  Thank you, Dean.” She pulls a pickle out and pops it in her mouth.  “So I assume you didn’t just come to feed me?”
“Good morning,” Castiel says as he approaches.  “You didn’t have to let me sleep in so late.”
“You were scared,” Dean finishes when Castiel doesn’t seem to find the words for his reaction.  “I get it.  If I woke up naked in a strange room with an ugly mug like mine looming over me, I probably would have thrown punches too.”
“Hey, you’re awake.  Welcome back.”
Castiel gives him a searching look, and he’s so goddamn sexy with his lips swollen from Dean’s kisses and his pupils wide with desire that Dean drags him in for another filthy kiss.  With a hiss, Dean jerks back but keeps his forehead pressed against Castiel’s.  “I just uh… I’ve been working in the garage all day?”
He has no regrets about what happened between him and Dean.  But the journey through the wilderness of the territories, Indian country, and the mountains of Mexico have changed him.  He’s less tolerant of the constant matchmaking and the pettiness of Philadelphia society.  He wants none of that for himself.
“You don’t regret retiring do you?” Dean asks.
Worry kicks up in Castiel’s chest.  “Are you--will you be--?
Castiel’s stomach answers for him with a rumble that makes them both laugh.  “Yeah, that sounds great.”
“You always did have a way with women, Winchester,” Wyatt comments with a hint of grudging admiration.  “You even have the old woman lookin’ at you with a gleam in her eye.”
The arms around his belly tighten, and warm lips press against the back of his neck.  “Alright, I’ll see you when I get back then.”
he thinks desperately as the strength seeps out of his cold body.
“Come on!” Cas shouts.
James responds with a snort and an eyeroll.  “Sure, whatever.”  He crosses his arms over his chest and glares first at Sam, then Dean, but when his eyes come back to Castiel the anger drains from his expression, replaced with curiosity.  “So… you really wanted to meet me?”
If anyone were paying attention to the fancy man at the back of the crowd, they’d see him flinch and go pale.  His lips move, shaping another ancient Latin prayer with far more power than the priest's.  But all eyes are on the spectacle before them.  The rope pulls tight, and sways as Guthrie’s body twitches and jerks.  His eyes bulge from their sockets, turning red as blood vessels burst open within them.
Ellie nods.  “Then we’ll use it.”
“Pretty omega,” Castiel whispers in awe.
While he’s making the preparations, he hears Dean moving around.  The toilet buzzes as the incinerator below it activates, and by the time he’s finished his preparations, Dean is standing just outside the stall.  He’s leaning against it, head down and shoulders hunched, fingering the ties at the waist of his sleep pants, and he doesn’t look at Castiel as he approaches.
She settles herself primly in the chair.  “When the boy wouldn’t stop gushing over you, I asked for pictures.” Her smile turns catlike.  “And I must say… I can certainly see why he’s so enamored.”
His eyes follow Dean as he leads the Appaloosa to a nearby tree and ties her to a branch, leaving just enough lead for her to crop grass.  The rusty stain of dried blood on Dean’s clothing makes Castiel’s gut twist with a confusing mix of worry over who it came from, what Dean did, and relief that it isn’t Dean’s.
Castiel doesn’t know what ‘up close and personal’ entails, but even though it sounds like a euphemism he nods his agreement.  Castiel’s memories don’t go back very far, but in none of them has anyone ever asked permission to do anything with or to him.  Dean’s habit of always checking that Castiel is comfortable with his actions is why he nods again without hesitation.
“Don’t worry, Baby,” Winchester murmurs.  “I ain’t leavin’ you again, girl.”
He’s deep in thought about how aggravating Dean is when Dean turns over and snaps at him so loud that Castiel jumps.  “Sleep on the damn floor for all I care.  But if you stand there for one more minute, tapping your damn foot, you’ll sleep in the hallway.”
Eyeing the offering warily, Castiel asks “What did you put in it?
“He was my commanding officer,” Dean answers.  They
Fuck, that’s definitely a call out.  Castiel didn’t come right out and say he knows Dean’s been avoiding him, but it’s there between the lines.
A flush rises up in Dean’s cheeks, giving his skin a healthier hue.  “Gee, Cas, are those my only options?”
you!”
They’re carefully packed in his luggage.  Although he doesn’t know when he’ll have the opportunity to wear them again.
His laughter now is involuntary.  A release valve for the pressure rising up in his throat.
Sam is sore in all the fun ways which makes his morning yoga routine more pleasant than usual as strained muscles remind him of the things he’d done with Gabriel the night before.  His nanites could easily heal him of the little aches and pains, but he’d directed them not to so he can enjoy the memories while his body heals naturally.  He regrets not spending the night so he could bask in Gabriel’s admiration while he twists and stretches his limbs, especially since he’s sure it would lead to more acrobatic sex, but he hadn’t felt comfortable leaving Dean alone with Castiel for too long.
He yanks his arm out of Dean’s hand and reaches again for the bridle, slipping it onto the gelding with efficient ease.  Then he reaches for the saddle blanket.
But there had been gunshots, and Dean didn’t have a gun.  Castiel’s confused eyes fall to Dean’s bloody hand, and for the first time he sees the crude knife clutched in Dean’s hand.  Dean leans down and shoves the knife into his boot, and then meets Castiel’s startled gaze with his cold one.
When his body finally gives in and relaxes, Castiel’s arms loosen around him.  But he keeps his nose buried in Dean’s hair, and his fingers start tracing shapes on his skin again.
A pained noise rises from Castiel’s throat, and he closes his eyes as if to gather his strength.  His forehead bumps against Dean’s as he nods.  “Hurry,” is all he says.
The weight of the man’s gaze fastens on him once more and the Marshal realizes he’d heard every word.  “Yes of course,” he says softly, almost as an afterthought.
“Hello, Sam.  It’s good to see you again.” Castiel’s welcoming smile fades a little when he turns his alien-yet-all-too-human gaze on Dean.  “Hello, Dean.”
They come to another intersection, and they pause to consult their map.  They’re getting close to where it goes blank.  The idea that Castiel might have explored the area blind sets Dean’s teeth on edge.  If only he’d called for backup sooner…
And then there’s Alistair.  He’s the reason Castiel came to these mountains and risked so much in the first place.  He can’t leave until he accomplishes what he came for.  How he’ll do that without the Colt is a problem, but now that he’s locked in the cabin alone, he has some time to think and plan.
Cas’ eyes open and he groggily looks around until his eyes semi-focus in Dean’s direction.  “Dean?”
“You’ve been on the road that long?”  Dean casts him a surprised look, even as he expertly guides the truck between the edge of the road and a pothole so big that it should properly be called a ditch.  He frowns at whatever he finds in Castiel’s expression.  “That’s not what you’re running from, is it?”
Castiel’s eyes widen with mock horror.  “But it’s such a handsome face.”
He startles when leather gloves are thrust practically under his nose.
“Order something with real meat!” Dean shouts after him.
“If this is because of your thing about flying,” Sam replies, either missing the point, or trying to keep his secret in the worst way possible, “then take your meds and sleep through it.”
“I’d say,” Sam agrees.
Well if that ain’t fuckin’ mysterious.  “We could have done a VR call.”
He finds Lore curled up on his pillow.  She lifts her head and meows almost inaudibly when he enters the room, and doesn’t look guilty at all when he scolds her for leaving fur all over his bed.  He pops an allergy pill from the stash he keeps in the bedside table, and picks her up.  He flips the pillow to the less furry side, and settles down to take a nap.  Her motor really gets going when he settles her on his chest.
Truer words may never have been spoken.  “Maybe,” Dean concedes.  “But you know all Winchesters are a little bit crazy.”
Cas has a pretty big head start, and according to Cesar, he’d urged the mare into a full run as soon as he’d reached the edge of the ranch.  But the ground along the trail is dry and soft enough to hold tracks, so it’s easy for Dean to follow. He holds Cesar’s black and gray stallion to an easy canter, staying at a constant distance behind Cas.
Castiel laughs.  “Oh, I think I’ll be fine.  And I can’t wait.”
, Cas.  But I do.  And I’m afraid--” his breath hitches, and he presses his lips together and squeezes his eyes shut.  It takes him a moment to regain his voice, and now it’s hoarse with tightly leashed emotion.  “Cas, the things that I did.  What I became…”
Sam sends back.
The bathroom is small, with barely enough room for the toilet, sink, and bath.  Shelves are built into what looks like an old window frame, and just as Dean had said, they’re full of clean towels and washcloths.  The bath is an old fashioned tub on clawed feet.  A ring hangs from the ceiling above the tub, holding up pale blue curtains on both sides.  The showerhead is new and shiny, and definitely not part of the original plumbing.
“Let me take care of you now, Cas.”  He leans down and kisses Castiel softly.
“When Alistair… took me,” Dean says, watching Cas’ reaction closely, “Sam worked with another demon to try and find me.” Cas’ eyes widen, but there’s no censure there, only curiosity.  “She fed him her blood, which gave him powers.  Visions, and the ability to move things without touching them.  And he could kill demons with his mind.  He saved me, but the blood was doing something to him.  Something bad.”
Jameson's shadow falls over him as he approaches and calmly takes in Dean’s condition.  He shuffles closer, still holding that damn pea shooter ready, and reaches out to pull the bloody cloth away from Dean’s skin.  His eyes come up and latch on Dean’s.
“That’s good, angel.  Very good.”  One of Dean’s hands disappears from Castiel’s face, but before his sluggish brain can process its loss, it reappears in an even better place.
A thin plume of smoke coils up from the barrel of Dean’s gun, and directly behind it Dean smiles cheekily.  “Heya, Cas.”
Again, Castiel lies.  “It’s early.  We can get started now.”  The thick clouds overhead obscure the fact that first light had been some hours ago.
“God I love your mouth,” Gabriel moans as he clenches his fingers in Sam’s hair and holds him in place as he rolls his hips and fucks deeper.  “Wanna come in your throat.”
“Showoff,” Charlie mumbles.
The friction is almost too rough sometimes, because the water isn’t the best substitute for lube, but Castiel’s hand is large and warm and skilled.  He picks up on Dean’s tells quickly, switching the speed of his strokes or the pressure of his grip, dragging Dean closer and closer to the peak of pleasure.  Dean has a feeling that Castiel could easily keep him teetering on the edge for as long as he wants to, but at the moment he doesn’t seem interested in drawing things out too long.
Castiel slowly transfers his glare from Dean’s poor attempt to hide his amusement to the calloused hand being offered.  He considers ignoring it, but the pain radiating from his posterior convinces him to swallow his pride.  It’s already as bruised as his nethers, so there’s no need to protect it further by being stubborn.
And the view is pretty spectacular.  He slides the glass barrier open and steps out onto the little balcony, barely big enough to hold him and a chair if he wanted to relax while he takes in the sights.  Relaxing is still beyond him though so he tests the strength of the protective railing.  When it doesn’t budge he cautiously leans against it and turns his face to the city.
It’s not until Castiel’s knot starts to go down that his mind comes back to him.  He blinks at Dean’s freckled shoulder, and forces his jaw open.
Together Dean and Castiel do most of the work of lifting Sam and carrying him to Dean’s truck.  Jody is up in the back, and helps guide Sam’s body into place.  They work slowly and carefully, so as not to jostle him too much.  From the whimpers that occasionally leak from Sam’s pale lips, they don’t a good enough job.  Once Sam is settled back there, Dean looks over to see Eileen throw herself against Castiel’s chest.
Exhaling against Castiel’s thumb, Dean relents.  He reaches up and catches Castiel’s hand in his own, lacing their fingers together and holding it against his heart.  “Cas, you know it’s not about ‘letting’ you do things.  You make your own choices.  I’m just being a dick because I’m worried.”
Dean breaks into a run towards the embankment, cursing.  “The damn river!”
“Dean?”
Behind them a column of smoke rises from the shed and the bodies of six notorious Comancheros that Castiel lit before saying one last prayer over Alfie’s grave and mounting his horse.
He’s caught, trapped and helpless without being able to reach for his gun.
He pushes away from the wall, immediately missing the smooth texture.  Goosebumps rise up along his back and ribs, but his skin is so sensitized that it feels like a thousand tiny pin pricks and he hisses between his teeth.
“Whoever built you must make a damn fortune,” Dean murmurs.  “I can’t believe they just trashed you.”
“I’ll get around to it eventually.”
He reaches for the gun at his hip and offers it to Cas in exchange, forcing his face into something like a smile.  “Don’t shoot me with this one, okay?”
He mimics an expression Dean and Sam often make when Castiel does something they think is funny, rolling his eyes to the ceiling briefly, and is pleased when Dean chuckles.  “I need to retrieve clean clothing.  Will you be okay for a few minutes?”
Castiel gives him a sideways glance.  He’d said it as if he were granting Castiel permission.  As if they might be more than just, at best, business associates.  Castiel would rather not cultivate any kind of relationship at all with Dean Winchester.  “You may continue to call me Mr. Jameson.”
“Yeah, and then
Sam is likely going to win this fight.  Blood is spreading down Castiel’s thigh, staining his pristine white workout gear vivid red.  His face is twisted with pain, his eyes narrowed against real sweat dripping in his eyes, and Sam knows that only pure bullheadedness is keeping him from calling an end to the fight.  A trait that Sam is very sure Castiel learned from Dean.
After learning that, Castiel adds three more questions to his list, but they’re low priority.  “I was wearing contacts to hide them until we entered your office.”
“You think he’d disapprove of me?” Dean asks cautiously.
Throwing Jody under the bus because he’s a little shit, Dean says “Jody was trying to shock me with the results of your background check.”
Aaron frowns, first at Castiel then at the plain box he sets on the counter between them.  “Uhh, what?”
Castiel reaches up and runs his fingers along the edge of Dean’s hair before brushing through it.  His breath is warm in the space between them.  “I’m glad to be here.  With you.”
Cas gives him a disgruntled look, and shuffles off into the dark.
“What is it?” Dean asks as he cautiously eyes the android still parked outside their door.
like they’re fucking
“Friggin’ amazing, right?” Dean knows he’s geeking out, but he can’t curb the enthusiasm.  By glitch or design, Castiel’s
When he opens the bedroom door he finds Sam and Eileen sitting at the small dining room table, signing to each other.  They look up at him, brightening like they’re glad to see him.
When Dean finally looks away and shifts to lie down on his bedroll, Castiel lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.  Now that he’s no longer pinned by the other man’s stare, he can finally identify what kept him tethered to Dean.
Of course Gabriel would guess correctly.  All the tension leaves Castiel’s body and he sags against the counter.  A weight in his chest shifts, and he’s able to breathe easier.  Relief maybe?  He considers it a good thing that he no longer needs to keep his plans a secret, so that must be what he’s feeling right now.  “Not exactly.  He’d rather I stayed locked up in the bunker.”
A poor farmer barely able to provide for his family lost everything when his two mules were shot, and his tiny field of corn burned.  His loved ones survived, but winter will be hard with no corn for their meals.
Dean’s smile is dazzling.  “I’d like that.”
The rosary hangs heavy from his wrist, the cross bouncing lightly against the back of his hand with every movement.  Its presence angers him, reminding him exactly why he would have been better off not getting attached.  He’s a fool for thinking that maybe, just maybe, he’d found someone who would hold his heart safe.
“Anyway!  Enough about you, let’s talk about me.  Or Sam, and all the things he won’t tell me”
Sam responds, confirming that he’s at least as concerned as Cas, if not more.
Finally she huffs out a breath and her smile returns.  “Well, you’re the boss.  Just remember to tell security that if they get on my case, alright?”
Castiel’s gaze carefully inspects what he can see of Dean in the dim light.  He’s thinner, but he seems to be recovered.  His hair is neatly trimmed and his beard is gone, giving his features a hint of youthfulness while still being ruggedly handsome.  He’s dressed well, in a tailored gray suit that emphasizes his broad shoulders.  He would look at home in Naomi’s parlor.  It’s no wonder Dean has been given preferential treatment for his case.
He’s not really hungry, but if anyone finds out he’s skipping meals, he’s suddenly going to have people checking in on him constantly.  And Sam will be an especially smug fucker about it.  There’s no way he won’t take a chance at revenge for all of Dean’s helicoptering since his accident.
He calls Cas on the lie.  “There’s more to it than that.”
Castiel’s eyes go wide and earnest.  “Oh no, I understand that you were very lucky to have such a supportive family,” He says.  “And I’m glad you had good models for queer relationships to look up to.”  He leans into Dean’s side, and his eyes are warm with something Dean isn’t ready to define yet, but echoes something deep inside him.  “You have a lot of people in your life who care about you, and want to see you happy.”
A boot digs into his side, forcing the air out of his lungs.
Dean stands abruptly and looks away when Cas blinks up at him in confusion.  Dean won’t explain. There’s no need to give false hope by sharing those thoughts with Cas.  Better he continue to think Dean’s an asshole. To not get attached to someone like him.
Dean doubts ‘for now’ means ‘for long’.  Castiel’d been fully charged before their visit to Angel Industries, and the car’s logs show that he’d charged up while riding along with Sam to visit his creators’ home.  But they’d spent several hours visiting them before declining an invitation to spend as much time as they’d like at the house, and the drive to the bunker has eaten up even more time.  If Dean’s mental calculations are right, Castiel’s probably riding close to the line and will hit power save mode soon.
Dean’s eyes are filled with raw pain and anguish.  His mouth works as he fights to bring himself back under control.  Moisture brims in his eyes, spilling over as a single tear down each cheek.
The file has several sub folders, but Dean opens the images file first, only to recoil in disgust.  It’s not
Ignoring the truth of his words, Castiel rises to his feet and begins searching for anything he can use for medical supplies.  “I have to get you bandaged.  And that bullet needs to come out.”
“No, I haven’t had any children of my own.”  Ellie smiles fondly.  “Not that I’d have time, with all the orphans we’ve taken in.”
I'm proud of myself for posting chapter 13 on Friday the 13th, even tho it wasn't planned lol.  Also happy Supernatural Day!
between them.  And the reminder of Dean’s nudity the night he’d cornered the outlaw in Pamela’s room is less than reassuring.  Instead it inflames his imagination, prompting his mind to conjure up things he isn’t even sure are possible, much less sexually stimulating.  But his body thinks all of those ideas are good ones.
Castiel huffs a laugh.  “I’ve been told that once or twice,” he admits.  As a detective he hadn’t been required to wear one, but he certainly won’t mind wearing one again if doing so will earn him the same heated look Dean is giving him right now.  And he’ll have access to handcuffs again, which gives him all kinds of ideas…
All traces of exhaustion drop away and Dean straightens.  “Where are you?”
Sam grins behind his mask at Charlie’s annoyed tone.  “Did the players glitch-start something Dorothy had planned for later again?”
“Oh shut up,” Jo snarks.  “You’re not poor.”
“Are you ready?” Castiel asks.
He looks up, watching the indistinct shapes move restlessly back and forth on the other side of the stream.  There are at least three or four that now lay still in the snow and at the water’s edge.  But the rest won’t give up.
idea.  But they’re not so unholy that they’re affected by crosses and holy water.  And sunlight won’t kill them either.  Just stings like a bitch, which might slow them down, but not much.”
Dean sighs, and his irritation escapes on the deep exhale.  He doesn’t like it, but Sammy’s right.  They don’t exactly have privacy out here, and he doesn’t want to think about Cas’ reaction if he’d remembered Sam was there after they’d started removing clothing.
Sam turns wide eyes to Cas.  “He admitted it?”
Cas is somewhere further along the trail, and probably unaware he’s being followed.  He’s far more capable than Dean used to give him credit for, but there’s nothing in Pinkerton training that can prepare a man for being stalked by an Indian.
It’s such a left fielder that Dean barks out a laugh.  He blocks out Sam’s frantic nudging against his neural net, and ignores the pointed looks he can feel coming from his brother instead.  “Figure of speech, buddy.  What’s your name?”
he thinks again, less fondly.
Dean’s bright green eyes rest on Hannah for a moment before they turn to Castiel.  He quirks a questioning brow.
Dean’s curiosity turns into mild suspicion.  “What’s in the letter?”
He refrains from warning Dean that he’s still pissed at him.  There’s no time.  He practically runs to the bunker’s kitchen where they keep supplies specifically for this kind of thing.  With Charlie’s help, Sam had broken into the databases of several pharmaceutical companies and downloaded the formulas for as many antidotes as he could find.  They’re supposed to only be available to hospitals, but the costs are astronomical and it’s easier to create his own than run up medical bills under shaky aliases.
Castiel stays as far away from Dean as possible for the rest of the day.  He busies himself with preparation for the journey, until Ellie notices his limp and makes him sit down and rest his knee.  She gives him laundry to fold, and he tells her stories about the cities he’s visited.
“Dean.  Please tell me what’s going on.”
"You were going to die anyway," Cas reminds him with a growl.
“A little over a month,” Chuck answers.  “Which is good!  Amara’s integration took three times as long.  So we’ve improved the process over last time.”
After a few steps, he breaks into a run.
“I cannot imagine you should have to go searching for a man,” Ellie murmurs into her napkin, which makes laughter erupt around the table.  Dean nudges him with an elbow and winks at him.
They both burst into giggles, leaning into each other like schoolgirls.
“Not much,” Dean says, far too cheerful about it.  He closes the door and drops a bundle on the floor, then approaches the tub.  His green eyes sparkle with mirth and something more when they dip down toward the water.
“If you’re worried about having a drink and then driving, we can walk back to the motel,” Castiel points out.  He pauses when he considers what he said.  “Or… I mean…if we go back there together...”
Castiel carefully sidesteps his grasp.  “And what business might that be?” he asks calmly.
“Wing it,” Castiel responds.  “As you can see, I was successful.”
His skin feels hot under the cool spray, and he lets it pound down on the back of his neck as he sucks in deep breaths.  After a moment he straightens, and the water washes away the evidence of what he’s done.
Dean snorts a laugh.  “Yup.”
Dean gives a one shoulder shrug.  “I mean, Lore really likes you.  Gets mopey when you leave.”
In those quiet hours that Castiel sits with Dean, he has a great deal of time to think.
“Worse,” Dean responds against his ear.  “Skinwalkers.”
“What is it?” He asks as he steps back to give Dean space to enter. He’s flushed and sweaty, but Dean doesn’t give much thought to what he might be interrupting.
Castiel is quiet for a moment, his gaze drifting off into middle space like it does when he’s paying attention to some inner function.  Sam waits him out, which is tough because he’s intensely curious about whatever Castiel is thinking of.  It’s a good thing he’s got so much practice with Dean.
Next time.
“Shhh…” the man holds a finger up to his mouth and looks around.  “No need to spell it out, mate.  I’m just offering you a good time.”
“Dad and Mom would pack up the trunk, and Sammy and me’d climb in the back seat, and dad would just pick a direction--” Dean swings out one of his hands, like he’s gesturing at something vast and unknowable, “--and he’d drive.  Baby took us to the beach in San Diego, and to the Grand Canyon, and one time we went up and down Route 66 just to see all the little touristy places.”
Humming thoughtfully, Castiel reaches out and runs a finger along Dean’s cheekbone.  “Just your face,” he says softly.
Dean gives a brief rundown of the events at the meadow, leaving out the details of Cas’ anxiety attack and what happened afterwards.  The last thing he needs to do is give Sam any ideas about what kind of relationship he and Cas have.
More gunshots fill the air among the staccato beat of a horse’s hooves on hard packed earth.  A single rider races toward the encampment.
He says it with so much conviction, that it obliterates all of Dean’s doubts.  The buzz of anxiety recedes, and his muscles relax.  He believes Cas.  If he says there is nothing going on between him and Hannah, then it’s the truth.  The spark of jealousy in Dean’s chest fizzle out completely.
“Whoa there.” Dean actually sounds concerned as he tightens his grip to keep Castiel upright.
As he helps Dean off his horse, Castiel can feel the heat radiating from him through the thick furs.  He’d prayed it wouldn’t happen, because it’s not something he’s capable of handling by himself.  They have no medicine, only water, heat, and clean bandages.
“I’m doing very well, thank you.  I’m quite comfortable the way I am.”
Earp casts a quelling look in Kubrick’s direction before ordering him to unbind the brothers and then get his ass out of the office.  Kubrick looks like he wants to argue further, but he grudgingly cuts Dean and Sam’s wrists loose, then spins on a heel and leaves as ordered.  Earp turns back to the brothers.  “Got someone here that wants to talk to you.  Name’s Jameson, from all the way out in Denver.  And I want you to hear him out.”
Sam sighs and rubs a hand over his face.  “He seems fine, although I can only take his word for it.  Not that he’ll let me see his health diagnostics from his nanites.  You know how he is.  I’d have to tie him down and threaten to destroy something in his workshop to get him to be honest.”
He didn’t want to take up Castiel’s mission, but the more he thinks about pointing the Colt at Alistair’s face and pulling the trigger, the less angry he is about the whole situation.  Heck, he might even be looking forward to it.  Just a little bit.
“Your boss,” Dean growls.  “We want to talk to the lady in charge.”
“Wouldn’t know,” Dean bites out.
Mud shifts under his feet, making his balance unstable.  When he sees a tangle of roots protruding from the eroded river bank he lunges for them.  The first one he grasps snaps, and he grabs another, a thickly gnarled root.  But it’s slippery and now he’s up to his chest in the muddy river.  The precarious lifeline holds, and he slowly pulls himself up the embankment, digging his toes into the mud.
Castiel gasps at that last.  He stares at Dean in building horror as he cries out for mercy again.
Dean snorts and scans his surroundings.  The trash heaps are crawling with movement.  Scavenging is a lucrative business and sometimes Dean feels like kicking his day job to the curb and doing this full time.  Especially since his day job pays exactly jack squat.
Sam’s a smart fuckin’ kid.  And sometimes he’s so brave, and so good, that even though Dean is the older brother,
Before Castiel can clarify, Sam holds out a hand as if to keep Benny in his seat.  “That’s not what he means,” he says.  “Cas is a cop.”
He should go back to sleep, get a few more hours of rest.  But instead he sits up, and pushes himself to his feet with more effort than it should take, and shuffles over to the other bed.
“I know you don’t want to talk about Cas--”
2. madly in love.
They both realize around the same time that if they don’t calm down now, they’re going to embarrass themselves if Mr. Pinkerton decides to check on them.  They slowly draw apart, but not far, keeping their hands clasped together between them.
He says nothing to Dean as he applies hot compresses.  They seem to help, and the wound opens up, letting some of the built up fluid drain.  Then Castiel applies fresh bandages, and tries to make Dean comfortable.
She must have snuck back into the dressing room through a hidden door that he missed during his earlier search.  And now Winchester might get away if Castiel can’t fend off her attack. She has the benefit of surprise, but he’s still bigger and stronger than her.  And no slouch in a fight. He leverages his feet against the floor and heaves her to the side with his hips. A shove sends Pamela face first into the carpet, and he’s free.
Dean’s smile drops away.  “I’m sorry.  Chuck said you’d probably feel it for a few days.  He didn’t want to give you too much pain relief.  Said you need to learn how to deal with it.”
“This isn’t about Emmanuel anymore.” It still hurts to speak his brother’s name, and Castiel wonders if he’ll ever stop feeling his brother’s absence like a missing limb.
Dean massages his leg, just above the knee.  It obviously pains him, but his smile is still warm and full of humor.  “Titanium knees aren’t great for horsing around,” he says wryly, “but it does the job when a man needs to teach his brother a lesson.”
“Will they be sad for a long time?”
His touch slides to the next book, this one with a woven cloth cover in dark red.  Then he moves on to the next, a paperback that has been wrapped in some sort of plastic.  He assumes it’s to protect the crumbling cover.
They don’t get far before he hears the distinctive sound of more guns being cocked from more than one direction.
“Are you… are you going to propose?” Sam asks carefully.  He switches to the second ring.  Platinum but with a subtle diamond pattern etched into the surface.
“He is
He gives Cas an encouraging smile when their eyes meet.  Cas responds with a scowl, and he’s red as a tomato, but he still drops his drawers and bends forward to lay himself over Dean’s lap.
Sputtering and coughing, Dean tries to turn his face away but the fingers nearly crushing the lower half of his face keep him immobilized.  He tries to close his throat and breath through his nose, but Boris pinches his nostrils shut, and Dean glares up into the vampire’s smug eyes.  They both know that Dean will swallow before he suffocates, but that doesn’t mean Dean isn’t going to make one second of this easy…
Dean shivers in the boiling heat of the noon-day sun.  He knew it, but having it confirmed doesn’t exactly cheer him up.  “And his men?  There must be at least a dozen of them.”  And how many are possessed?
Eileen shrugs.  “There’s a lot of nice places up the canyons around here if you’re into that.  We get a lot of people stopping for supplies on their way through.”
A shudder that isn’t even half faked runs through Dean’s body.  “Gross.  I’m outta here before I start suffering brain damage.  C’mon, Cas.”
And then he’s caught, held fast.  His knot throbs, and he’s coming.  His jaw muscles go rock hard, and copper washes over his tongue.  His omega wails, body thrashing under Castiel’s weight.  Then he goes still, every limb lax, his tangy scent softening into something sweet like lemonade.
“Kinky.”
“Oh fuck you,” Gabriel growls.  He goes on the attack, running fingers up Sam’s ribs and under his arms again, making him howl with laughter even as he desperately tries to squirm away.  Only when he begs for mercy does Gabriel relent.
also sounds nice.  But Jimmy’s reasoning is sound, and they really do need to do everything they can to hide this procedure from the outside world.
Since his tongue is already nearly glued to the roof of his mouth, Castiel only answers with a nod.
Something in the way Cas looks at him makes Dean think those possibilities have occurred to him as well.  He may be stupid for going after Alistair, but he’s still pretty smart.
He has no idea whether Dean is the type of man to return those feelings, and he very much doesn’t want to think about it.  He needs to focus on the hunt.  On finding Alistiar, and sending the demon back to Hell for good.
Dean’s frown breaks apart over his laugh, and he grins.  “Dude, lots of people don’t want to sleep.  It’s like you’re a real person or something,” he adds with a wink.
He can tell by her accent that she’s likely deaf, and the flashing light makes more sense now.  He makes a mental note to be careful not to startle her as he moves around the place.  After setting down his laundry, he visits the change machine, and then the vending machine that sells single boxes of detergent.  It takes his quarters, and he watches through the glass as the spiral wires turn.
Dean.  And Sam.
The Marshal stops at the bottom step of the boardwalk that lines the storefronts at the side of the street.  He squints against the glare of the sun and adjusts his wide-brimmed hat as he looks up at the man.  “You satisfied?”
Castiel’s gaze slides to the side, and even though Dean knows that there aren’t clockwork gears whirring around in his head, he can’t help imagining them anyway.  After a moment, he looks back at Dean again.  “I would like to continue to wear them.”
“Hm, I hope you’re right.”
“Oh shit, are you okay?” Sam lowers his weapon and hurries to check on his friend.  Real pain accompanies simulated injuries, and Castiel doesn’t have much experience with pain yet--
When he sighs in relief, Dean hears and shoots him an amused look.  A helpless laugh wracks Castiel, and Dean joins him.
“Just over that rise.”
“I am Castiel.”
Shocked at the sudden turn, Dean throws his head back and laughs.  “That was horrible,” he gasps through his laughter.
Maybe he should start the caffeine infusion earlier.  So he’ll feel fortified enough to start a conversation one of these days instead of just exchanging a smile, a wave, and a quiet hello before they go their separate ways.  And he can finally get close enough to figure out the guy’s true eye color.  It would be worth getting up earlier.  He’s not a fan of mornings, but he’s a fan of hot potentially single guys.  He can make an exception.
Closing his eyes doesn’t protect him from the grisly scene, because its memory is painted across his eyelids.  He knows he’ll never forget the ghastly scene for as long as he lives.
Several hours later a foal with gray and white patches and charcoal black winglets wobbles to its feet.  Dean beams with pride magnified by both Baby and Castiel. He waits while Castiel examines mother and foal, proclaiming them both hale and healthy, and holds his laughter behind a hand as Castiel very seriously explains to Baby how to take care of herself and her baby.
“I was not,” she protests hotly.
Castiel notices the gesture and smiles gently.  He lifts a hand, but hesitates.  “May I?”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says, leaning into him slightly when Dean squeezes into his personal space.  They’re close enough that he has to tip his head up to meet Dean’s gaze, and his big blue eyes are crinkled at the corners with his smile.
He slides his hands into the android’s hair until he feels the power button hidden on its skull.  Pressing the thumb sized lump until it clicks, Dean holds his breath and sends out positive vibes to a universe that he knows isn’t actually listening that he did everything right.
“The Valley of the Blood Moon,” Sam announces as they stop to water the horses at the fork of a river they’d been following for most of the day.  They’re traveling steadily eastward, toward New Mexico Territory.
Doing nothing to hide his amusement, Dean turns back to his horse, silently counts to three, then asks “Did you shake them out yet?”
Dean joins Castiel and Sam in the sparse shade of a tree at the water’s edge, and also looks out over the land.  A frown mars his expression.  “The Blood Moon is an old Indian Legend.”
“If you’re buying, I won’t turn it down. But I’m good for the moment,” Castiel says, and brandishes his mostly full drink.  His smiling eyes flick to Dean as he lifts the bottle to take another sip.
Only Sam looks up at Castiel’s entrance, and he presses his lips together in what might be intended as a smile but it doesn’t affect his eyes.  “Hey, Cas.  Now’s probably not a good time.”
“You can just say you miss Cas,” Sam says.  “We all miss him too, you know.”
That cryptic announcement is followed by a change of music. The stereo is inside, with the speakers stuck in the windows, pumping out an eclectic mix of music, some of which Dean likes and some that sets his teeth on edge. But now it’s playing something that sounds like country.
The tracker in Castiel’s phone shows its position in his room, and Dean sees it on the bedside desk along with the stack of books.  So calling him to see where he’s at isn’t a possibility.  But there are cameras throughout the bunker so Dean checks them, starting with the laundry room.  It’s empty, and so is the kitchen, the tv room, and everywhere else he checks.  That leaves only a few places without cameras, and the library which has them but not enough coverage to catch the whole room through the shelves.
The comment startles a laugh out of Dean.  “Are you seriously flirting with me right now?”
He pings Cas again, but it doesn’t go through.  Text and voice are both ignored.
Dean is nearly within reach of the creature when something startles it.  It’s pitch black eyes swing around and meet Dean’s gaze.  With Dean’s color vision, the flesh around the thing’s eyes looks bruised, and without a way to differentiate between the pupils and iris, and no sclera, its appearance is even more disturbing.
Castiel’s heart tightens.  When the infection set in, he’d known the risk.  He settles down in the extra chair, and watches Dean’s sleeping features.  “He seems too stubborn to do something like that.”
“Dean!” He slaps the outlaw in an attempt to rouse him, but there’s no response.  His hands run over Dean’s face, his chest, arms and hands.  Dean is cold, but no colder than Castiel.  Still there’s no telltale rise and fall of his chest.
Silence hangs over the gathered crowd as Amara turns a tormented gaze on Dean.  Then she turns and flees across the yard, passing the laundry she’d dropped and disappearing behind the house.
It’s hard to remember Castiel is an android when he shows such genuine joy over a pair of black and orange striped socks.  Even his inhuman eyes don’t detract from the illusion since synthetic eye replacements are fairly common among people who have enough money for cybernetics, but not enough for genetically regrown eyes.  Dean’s even getting used to the fact that he doesn’t blink.
In the shower, he turns his face up to the spray and just breathes in the steam.  The water beats down on his chest, relaxing muscles and warming all the places that had gone cold when he saw Castiel lift his gun and point it at Dean.  It had taken everything in him to hide how disturbed he was by the incident, and now that he’s in a safe place with no one to witness his distress, the overwhelming terror he’d felt finally escapes from the box he’d locked it in.
They dance.  Mostly just gentle swaying, their knees occasionally nudging each other, and their feet barely leaving the floor.  Dean continues to sing, eyes locked on Castiel’s.
“Don’t worry, honey,” she purrs.  Her shadow shifts against the cloth screen as she stands, and she wraps her arms around Dean’s neck.  “I didn’t tell him a thing.” She laughs.  “I tried to pin him down with one of the girls, but he took off.  Must be shy.”
“I didn’t know you were here.” Her eyes drop away from his, not quite settling on anything.  “I just came to see if your mother needs anything.”
After another short period of thought, Castiel’s irises settle down and he nods.  “Thank you, Dean.  I hope we will both find reason to trust each other.”
Dean has to believe he is.  The tracks indicate one of the horses is carrying two riders, but that doesn’t mean it’s Cas.  Whoever had taken him could have killed him and dropped him in the forest for the animals to feast on, and Dean may never find him.  They have no reason to keep him alive, but if one of the riders is a demon, they’ll want to keep Cas for amusement and entertainment on the trail.  As long as Cas doesn’t cause too much trouble.
As long as he doesn’t smell like sex, anyway.  With that thought he also grabs a fresh pair of jeans, smiling to himself as he eyes the dirty pair on top of the laundry pile.  Just thinking about all the sweet noises he’d coaxed from Dean while making him come without unfastening the fly makes him want to track Dean down and see if he can do it again.  Too bad it’s a work day, and Jo is probably around.  It wouldn’t be a problem if Dean could keep those little noises to himself, but unlike Castiel, he has difficulty controlling how loud he gets during sex.  And Castiel wouldn’t want him to stifle a single whimper or groan anyway, so it’s a moot point.
When he’d fallen asleep with Lore’s purring in his ear, he’d dreamed again.  But this time it was about blue eyes, soft lips, and warm hands.
Again, no prying questions, merely an expression of interest that Castiel could ignore or respond to.  Castiel lets his mind wander to the better memories of his brother--specifically the times they played pranks on people to see if they could tell the boys apart.  Naomi was never fooled.  She knew them too well.  “Identical in looks, if not personality.”
“What do you think we should do about that?” Alistair asks, still completely unconcerned.
“Prince Samuel, Loki, welcome.  It is good to see you both.”
“Even for a murderer?”
With a grunt, Dean turns back to his armor.
“I’ll rely on Sam to warn me should they arrive.”  He turns and starts back toward the river.
He holds in a laugh when Gabriel chokes in the middle of explaining to his client that he’s not going to give them any more credits than what he’s already offered.  It’s only a few more minutes before Gabriel sends the client off with their money, and turns his gold glare back on Sam.
?  Don’t you have a dictionary of dirty words loaded into your brain?”
“Denver, I think,” Virgil answers thoughtfully.  “Said he has work to do, and that’s where he’s from, originally.”
“Bad luck!” The same man crows.  “Hangin’s are bad luck.  Always avoided ‘em myself.”
And then Dean is kissing him again.  Castiel’s eyes slip closed and he gives himself over to the sensations Dean rouses in him.
“You asshole,” Dean manages to choke out through his laughter.  “I can’t believe you told me I love you before I had a chance to.”  He straightens and grins at Castiel, the light behind his eyes  back tenfold.  “That’s so fuckin’ backwards.”
A little wrinkle appears between Castiel's brows, and he tilts his head to one side.  "Of course we do."
After repeating his warning about stopping as soon as it becomes uncomfortable, Dean obeys the command and turns the heat back on.  Castiel watches the water running over his palm in fascination as the temperature changes.  He feels it reach what feels like the same level of warm it was when he first put his hand under the flow, and then pays close attention as the warmth increases.
Castiel considers the question for a moment.  His eyes are drawn back the the shelf, and he reaches for the book he’d half pulled from its place.  He turns it over in his hands, and reads the back cover.  It describes a story of star crossed lovers searching for gold in the Old West, and questions whether they’ll overcome their differences to obtain the true treasure of each other’s love.
He’d told himself he wasn’t going to jerk off to thoughts of Castiel, but what the hell, he’s not a saint.  He bites his lip as his fingers tighten.  He pulls and his breath catches in his throat.  He imagines Castiel between his legs.  He pictures himself riding Castiel hard and fast.
Dean’s just as determined
“Hello, Castiel,” Sam says brightly as he crosses the meeting room.  “Thank you for coming here to meet us today.”
“Jesus Christ, Cas,” Dean mutters as he approaches Cas’ sorrel and reaches up to help him down.
He told himself he wouldn’t argue, but that was before he spent fifteen minutes watching his boyfriend suffer.  This seems way more serious than any headache he’s ever experienced, and it scares him a little bit.  “It has to be better than nothing.”
The headache had surprised him, coming on faster than usual.  His vision had filled with halos while he was shopping, and it escalated quickly into tunnel vision.  He’d rushed through the rest of his shopping, buying a couple weeks of clothing, including some warmer things for the upcoming change in the seasons.  His hopes that it would hold off until he could make it home died by the time he reached the truck and realized he couldn’t see well enough to drive.  The pain hadn’t started yet, but he knew from experience that the upcoming migraine was going to be a bad one.
, Gabriel?” Dean growls.
As soon as they’re stopped, Castiel releases his seatbelt and leans across to pull Dean into a hug.  The angle is awkward, and Dean’s own seat belt digs into his ribs uncomfortably, but he puts his face against Castiel’s neck and breathes him in.  It goes a helluva long way to make him feel better, even if he still feels like complete shit.
Just as he slips onto the flat surface, a hand clamps tightly over his mouth.  A strong arm circles his waist and yanks him into a dark alcove.  He claws at the fingers pressed hard into his cheek and attempts to kick out at his attacker.  A leg is thrown over him, pinning him onto his stomach and crushing his arms under his body.
With Castiel staring at him, serious and unblinking, Dean can’t remind him that he’s a sex bot and that he was going to get his jollies off before selling him.
Gabriel makes a thoughtful noise around the sucker in his mouth before pulling it free with a slurping noise and examining the neon blue candy like it holds the secrets to world domination.  “You gotta admit he’s pretty badass. Beating vampire ass is not exactly the kind of skill you’d expect from a sexbot.”
“Generic manly man,” Dean says.
“I need you to be safe!” Dean snaps right back.  He returns Sam’s glare with equal heat.  “And you haven’t been around a demon since Ruby, we don’t know how you’ll--”
“No!” Dean swings around and glares up at his brother.  “Hanging would be a cleaner death than what this guy has planned for us.”
“I want to cover as many miles as possible,” Cas continues stiffly.  “After all, that’s why we are here.”
He doesn’t offer painkillers again, even though his instincts are screaming at him to do something, anything, to ease Castiel’s suffering.  But he’s got plenty of practice clamping down on those instincts since Sammy had grown from a clumsy, gangly kid into a competent adult who doesn’t like Dean treating him like a twelve year old anymore.  “Sounds good.  See you in a few.”
“...in the hospital, and--” Castiel sucks in a sharp breath and buries his face against Dean’s chest.  “Dean, I need to go.”
Castiel lifts his head from Dean’s chest and looks around to see that he is indeed surrounded.  Sam, Chuck, and Jimmy are all grinning at him and his lips peel back from his own teeth in response.  He’s surprised to find Amara hovering at the foot of his bed as well.  Her smile is softer, fond.  A reaction he wouldn’t have expected from her, but he supposes that he’s sharing an experience with her that no one else has before.  When their eyes meet she winks, and pressure boils up inside him until he’s laughing again, even as his eyes blur.
Sam is the first to take a side tunnel.  Castiel and Dean watch for a few moments before continuing on.  When they reach the next split, Dean pulls Castiel to a halt by the sleeve.  His green eyes look nearly black in the dark tunnels, but they are very clearly full of worry.
,” Sam mumbles even as he reaches for the plate.  The bitter chocolate chips melt on his tongue when he takes a bite and he moans around it.
Castiel’s eyes open slowly, and he meets Dean’s dark green gaze.  He nods.  “Everything’s ready.”
“I’m sorry I have to ask this, but it is necessary…This man, is he--" His voice catches, and he swallows to moisten his suddenly dry mouth when he continues.  “Was he your lover?”
“After the night of his illness, I’ve only spoken to him once,” Castiel explains.  “He seemed unwilling to speak, and left quickly.  Since then, the few times I’ve seen him, he’s immediately left whatever room I found him in.  It didn’t seem polite to follow.”
Dean stands, moving to let Castiel exit the car, but stops him from joining Sam and Jimmy with a hand on his shoulder.  He leans in close, and speaks low so only Castiel’s sensitive audio sensors will catch his words. “I’m going to be with you the whole time, and I’m not going to let anything bad happen to you, okay?”
“You will ride out and check the lookouts,” Alistair says, when Black Eyes offers no counter argument.
Dean is more than ready to get home and relax after the day he’s had.  Too many fires to put out at the job site, and feathers to unruffle when he had to advise the client that the new timeline they were requesting wouldn’t be tenable.  Seriously what is up with folks agreeing to an estimated finish date, and then wanting it done in half the time?  Entitled bastards.
“I’m not,” Castiel protests.  “I’m just curious which series is your favorite.”
Castiel huffs.
“From Chuck and Jimmy,” the android says as it thrusts the package forward again.
“I’m sorry,” he says again, as his fingers brush through Cas’ hair.  “It won’t happen again.”
.  The whole space is decorated in pink and white lace, and the canopied bed looks like a giant pink pillow.
At first Dean thinks that Cas is going to object, but his lips tighten and he nods sharply.  He twists in his saddle to reach in his saddle bags and brings out the Colt.  After strapping the belt around his hips, he nudges his horse in the sides, urging it down the hill.
He’s slipping, the current dragging him down.  The flesh of his palm is torn by gnarled roots, and even his blood is cold.
“He has a great heart, and kindness in his soul,” Ellie sighs.  “I was young then.  It was very easy for a young girl to fall in love with such a man.  A girl such as myself… or someone as passionate as Amara.”
Dean grunts in response.  He’s got a list of reasons why Sam is probably dead wrong, but he’s trying not to think about them, so he leaves them unvoiced.
Dean scoffs.  “Sure you could use one, but eggs are delicate bastards and you still won’t get the same results every time.”  He lifts the pan from the stove, and elbows Castiel until he moves out of the way.  There are two plates set out on the counter, and he scoops what looks like egg and veggie scrambles onto them.  “Grab some forks, Cas.”
“I’m going to have a look around.  Stay here, and take this.”
“Back.”
“Alright, c’mon.  Get it off your chest so we can all stop tiptoeing around it,” he growls.
Chuckling, Jody gives him one more squeeze before disentangling herself and grabbing the boxed food Ash slides onto the counter for her.  She wags a finger between Dean and Cas.  “You two keep your noses clean, and maybe I’ll make you the guests of honor.”  Then she calls a friendly goodbye to everyone, leaving the diner to a chorus of responses.
Sam drawls across the shared channel.  He’s farther away, his movements slowed by injuries received from a recent werewolf hunt.  The resulting argument between the brothers about taking on the rugaru hunt immediately afterwards had been disturbing to witness, and Castiel is still unsure which brother was in the right, even though Sam won.
Dean is ready to climb the damn walls by the time Castiel gets back to their room.  He bounds up from the bed, and rushes to meet him as soon as he’s in the door.
“Cesar and Jesse did.”
Castiel gives Benito another chunk of tortilla, and wonders how much he should share.  He decides to go for a vague answer.  “I am looking for a man.  Dean knows where to find him.”
From the lyrics of the song, it sounds like a line dance, but the way Cas’ body twists and gyrates and dips makes it look like a stripper dance. Give him a pole and a few tear away items of clothing, and he’d belong on a stage.
When Dean looks over his shoulder, Castiel barely holds back a flinch.  His green eyes are colder than the breeze creeping past the circle of heat radiating from the fire.
The low pitch snaps Dean into action.  He turns and braces his hands on the low wall nearby, and he looks over his shoulder with dark eyes and speaks with damp, swollen lips.  “You gonna fuck me, Cas?”
Dean’s mouth ticks up on one side.  Sam is normally the first to defend the sanctity of life, but he hates Gordon as fiercely as the other hunter hated him.  He has no doubt that Sam would have put a knife in Gordon if Dean hadn’t gotten him first.
Rufus huffs what might be a laugh, and finishes checking him out.  He gives Castiel a little salute as he exits the office.  Castiel wishes Bobby were around so he could thank him for his kindness, but he doesn’t wait around to see him.  Staying in any place for too long makes him antsy, and he wants to get on the road soon.  It’s not very safe to drive in the dark, but if he doesn’t get out of here now, he’ll end up spending another night.  He’d rather get started on the journey to the next town, and he’ll just have to be careful on the dark streets.
He cuts her off with a wave of his hand.  His initial irritation over her barging into his home for this confrontation flares higher.  “And before you ask, no I was not faking any of our time together.  Yes, I loved having sex with you.”
Dean snorts softly.  If only they knew.
“Then let’s get in the deep end.”  Dean pushes off the ledge, leaving a frothy wake behind his body.  He swipes a foot in Castiel’s direction, sending a wave of warm water over him.
Cas nods, holding up a bloodied blade.  “The rest are demons.”
When the caress makes Cas’ breath hitch, he realizes that he’s still holding him possessively.  Clearing his throat, he slips from the saddle.
Heat suffuses Castiel’s face.  Is he blushing?  Is this what it feels like?  Fascinating.  “It was only four steps, and you’re close enough I didn’t think it would be a danger.”
“I need…”  He’s distracted by Dean’s deft fingers separating the tattered edges of his shirt.  He gasps when warm lips close around one aching nipple.
The clearing of Sam’s throat behind him reminds Dean that he’s got an audience, and he probably looks like a complete moron standing there grinning at a robot for telling him he’s handsome in the most robot way possible.  Blood rushes to his cheeks and he steps back to give himself a little more breathing room.
They’re both quiet for a moment, but soon Dean’s body is trying to turn itself inside out again.  Sam rubs his shoulders until Dean waves him away.
It’s a relief, but then a more daunting thought occurs.  “You’re not asking me out just for the novelty of dating a porn star are you?”
A message pops up in the corner of his vision, the text flashing and multi-colored comic sans.
Sam pets Gabriel’s arms and up over his shoulders.  “That’s not the only reason I’m visiting,” he says softly.
Dean’s eyebrows pop up in surprise.  Castiel isn’t just irritated, he’s fucking pissed.
Sam’s answer is lost to him when Dean’s eyes fall on the room’s stupidly sexy occupant.  His feet glue themselves to the floor, and it takes a nudge from Sam to get moving again.
“Castiel.” Dean’s voice is hoarse, shaking with need and something else Castiel can’t identify.
Somehow
“Well?” Castiel flips on the bathroom light and stands in the doorway looking back at Dean who is still sprawled in the bed.  “Are you gonna join me in the shower?”
Castiel is immediately on edge.  He should be used to Dean’s nightly wanderings, but every time he does it, Castiel is reminded of the danger they’re in.  Somewhere out there, Alistair and his men make their camp.
He understands Castiel’s fear of backsliding, since he’s seen Sam go through the same struggle.  But he thinks Castiel might be taking things a bit too far by refusing over the counter drugs, and it frustrates him.  Castiel never pushes him about his own issues though, so Dean’s going to return the favor.  He’ll still make the offer, and if it isn’t accepted then Castiel will suffer the consequences.
“No,” Sam says.  “I’ll live.”
“Not out loud.”  Castiel tries out a crooked smile that Dean often uses to convey humor.
One of his hands slips down to cradle his balls for a moment before going further to press a dry finger against his entrance.  He could use some lube, but doesn’t want to pause what he’s doing to grab it, so he’s careful as he works just the tip of his finger inside himself, up to the first knuckle.  His other hand begins to stroke faster, and he tilts his head back on the pillow, biting his lips hard to keep from shouting when he comes.  Streaks of wet heat splatter over his belly, and he gasps again as he imagines Castiel stroking him through his orgasm.
Pamela’s milky eyes follow the gold, and her calculating expression says that she knows when there is good money to be made.  Castiel hopes that will work in his favor.
“Jesus, Cas, careful!” Dean hisses, but he only grabs Castiel’s wrist to provide support.  “Baby steps, remember?”
Because of the injury, Dean helps Cas up into the saddle first.  Then he mounts up behind him, and guides the stallion with his heels to take them back to the ranch.  He doesn’t take the same, well-worn path Cas used to get up here, just in case there is anyone else hiding in the hills that might see them out in the open.
In front of all his friends.
Without the half-moon, the stars aren’t quite enough to chase away the shadows over his face.  But the warm affection in his voice is enough to chase away Dean’s sudden worry that Castiel has decided he’s got too much baggage to deal with.
He kisses Castiel again, nudging until lips part under his own.  He’s rewarded with a moan, and Castiel tilts his head, leaning into Dean’s touch.  Castiel kisses like he’s trying to win a battle, but Dean calms him with his touch, keeping the passion at a simmer instead of letting it turn into an inferno.  When he finally lifts his head, Castiel blinks dazedly up at him.
Exactly half an hour after Dean had left the bathing chamber, Castiel enters the hotel lobby, his new possessions packed in the saddlebags Dean had also provided.  He finds Dean there, clean shaven and hair damp from a basin bath.
Castiel chuckles, although he finds this whole situation the opposite of funny.  “Of course.” He tilts his head toward the palm scanner.  “Do you mind?”
He wants Dean to hold on to him.  “Dean,” he says in the briefest separation of their mouths, “touch me.”
Cas peeks up at him and a smile plays around the edges of his mouth.  “So I see.”
Dean even seems to be sleeping fairly well, thanks in large part to Castiel’s regular check-ins.  Sam would hate to see what kind of mess Dean would be if he were only getting radio silence.  As it is, he can tell when Dean hasn’t talked to Castiel for more than a few days.  He gets downright bitchy.
Only Dean had survived that day, but just barely.  And ever since he’d come home, he’d seen the faces of his squad in crowds of strangers, all watching him sadly.  As if he should have joined them, and they were only waiting for him.
Dean peeks at him, eyes pleased and cheeks turning a lovely shade of pink.  “I promise we’ll do it before you leave.”
Not that Dean particularly wants to be friends with the stubborn, stuffy Pinkerton agent.  Whatever’s bothering him isn’t Dean’s business anyway.  Their relationship is purely functional, ending with Alistair’s capture, or more likely their painful deaths at his hands.
Under other circumstances those words would be an invitation.  Hell, maybe they still are right now.  Dean isn’t sure.
Dean wants it.  With a longing that comes from years of living on the move, thankless hunts, running from the law, the loneliness of nameless towns, and the emptiness of an hour or two with warm bodies who remain faceless in his memories.
“You can stay here.”
The image of a stuffy Matron surrounded by mangy cats and dogs makes Dean grin.  “So, Philadelphia, huh?  Was it the big house full of cat fur that made you pack up and move out west?”
Which
“No kidding.”
He pops off the back, and swaps out the activation chip with a fresh one.  When he powers it on, it’s got half a battery, which is plenty to work with for now.  He goes into the phone’s boot menu and starts tweaking its settings to work with the cloned chip.
“That is good news,” Cesar says.  “Sam did not fare so well.”
“I just got into town.” He shifts his weight uncomfortably.  A familiar ache blooms in his chest, and his skin begins to itch.  “I’m just going to get some sleep and some food.”
Warnings for body horror, desecration of corpses, and a very tiny little bit of eye horror that I tried to tone WAY down because I hope it doesn't squick Jupiter_James who this fic is for, and really I'm an awful friend for including anything creepy about eyes I LOVE YOU I'M SORRY I HAD TO MAKE IT SCARY OK?? <3
Dean watches as Cas knots the other end of the rope around the pommel of his saddle.  “Sheriff didn’t want to accept your official business either, huh?”
The ache in his chest eases and he takes a cleansing breath.
Dean pushes himself to his feet with a grunt and grimaces.  But it’s quickly replaced by a warm smile.  “My knees aren’t too thrilled with me kneeling on the ground like that, but it’s totally worth it to see you like this.”  He cups Castiel’s face and rubs his thumb along his bottom lip.  “You’re damn hot, Cas.”
Sam only smiles in response to her pointed look.  “I’ll pass on the compliment.”
And yet.  He still feels just like
It’s technically his day off, and working part time for Ellen gives him plenty of free time, but considering the ache in his shoulder, Castiel is grateful for the break.  Since Ellen insists she’s fine doing inventory on her own, he waves goodbye before walking across the empty parking lot to where his bike is parked.  He rakes his fingers back through his hair before pulling his helmet on, absently wondering where he could go to get it cut when he’s ready.
And to be honest, it’s the worst case he’s preparing for.  He knows his brother, which is why he’s not exactly looking forward to finding him, but he might as well get the scarring over with quickly.
“I, uh…” Dean’s eyes are focused on Castiel’s mouth, and he seems mesmerized.  “Honestly dude, I just want to fool around until we get each other off.”
He’s surprised to realize that he’s not bothered by that possible future, and is in fact looking forward to it.
Even said off the cuff, it’s still a pretty significant promise.  It’s a pledge of loyalty and service that he’s unconsciously made to all of the important people in his life.
Castiel knows deep in his bones that letting Dean leave right now is a bad idea, and he speaks quickly, voicing half formed thoughts that have haunted him since he witnessed Dean’s nightmares.  “Is that what you think about yourself?  That you wish you had died instead of escaping Alistair?”
Two down, two to go.  And Cas is going to take care of one of them, so that just leaves Dean with Alistair.
“Come on,” he whispers.  “We’re getting out of here.”
he doesn’t take his time at it.  Dean usually doesn’t need a lot of prep, and his body has always accepted Castiel easily.  He walks forward on his knees until he’s poised above Castiel, and then carefully lowers himself, hand guiding Castiel’s cock until the head presses against his hole.
“Hey!” Dean protests, more out of habit than disagreement.  There’s a file in the sheriff’s office with his name on it, even if it hasn’t been updated since he was a dumb kid.
He falls silent and pensive.  Castiel waits him out.
Castiel casts a glance at Dean.  “I’m considering it,” he answers vaguely.  Dean’s knee presses back against Castiel’s, maybe because he’s hoping the answer will be a more definite yes.  “I guess it depends on what kind of competition I’m looking at.  I’m not a great singer, and I might avoid karaoke night just to avoid embarrassing myself.”
He finds his missing boyfriend in the kitchen, an apron tied over his favorite orange dress, standing at the sink washing dishes, staring into space the way he does when he’s reading something online.  Probably checking the recipe for whatever delicious thing he’s whipping up that’s making Dean’s mouth water from just the smell.  Cas has been on a search for hobbies since he came to live in the bunker, and cooking is his new one, and he’s pretty damn good at it.  He can do a whole helluva lot with the greenhouse crops, stuff that Dean and Sam never bothered to try.  Some of it’s so mouthwatering that Dean finds himself fantasizing about street vendors in the city less often.
The car slows again as the road winds ahead of them, and in less than a minute they’re pulling to a stop in a wide drive in front of a sprawling single story home.  It’s a mix of stone and glass, an oasis of technology hiding in a small forest.
He pulls away from her touch.  “I don’t think-”
I'd like to finish this by the end of December.  I'm not sure I'll manage it, but that doesn't mean I'm not gonna try XD
Grinning fondly, Castiel gestures at his friend.  “This is Charlie.” He gives her a warning look.  “And she’s not
Castiel is
Guilt for leaving his gelding still saddled while he walks off his temper needles him, but the distance was necessary so he wouldn’t start another fight with Dean.  He’s so very tired of the conflict already.
There’s a huff against his ear, and then “well it’s a good thing you’re a fast learner.  You okay with getting up close and personal?”
Cas throws his head back and laughs. Dean grins dopily at him until he regains control of himself.
Cas is actually moving pretty well considering the shape he was in last night.  The willow powder he’d told Sam to give Cas must be doing its job.
As the supreme leader of the entire game of Moondor--and the creator, although very few players are aware of that--she outranks them, so they both sink into deep and respectful bows.
Up close it’s hard to ignore how handsome Cas is.  Even rumpled from hard riding and slightly red from too many hours in the sun, he tempts Dean.
But most of the time it’s just something that’s always there.  You think about the person more than you think about anyone else.  You wonder if they’re comfortable.  If they’re healthy.” Sam smiles, thinking of how Gabriel has dragged Castiel into his subterfuge about his medical records.  “Even when you’re busy with something completely unrelated to them, you’ll suddenly wonder if they’ve eaten.  You’ll hear a song that makes you think about them.  Or you’ll get a really intense need to share whatever random thing you’re thinking about with them.”
“Why don’t you?” Castiel risks asking.
Patting at his chest and clearing the last of the liquid from his windpipe, Sam blinks away tears and glares at his brother.  “Fuck off.”
It takes longer than he wants to think about to get to the front of the club.  Patrons lined up outside give him and Castiel wary glances, and the door bouncer looks like he’s seconds from calling the cops.  Not that Dean can blame him, since he can feel drying blood flaking on his neck.  They’re both shirtless, and obviously intoxicated--well Dean definitely is, but Castiel’s slow shuffle makes him look like he’s completely tanked.
He smiles wryly.  If he looks as bad as he feels right now, he can understand why she’s pulling out the Mom Voice.  “Alright.  But call me if anything changes?”
“Holy shit,” Dean breathes.  He blinks hard, and straightens with a rough clearing of his throat.  “I’m uh… totally into talking about my kinks, but not in the parking lot.”
There isn’t one.  Virgil looks relaxed where he leans against the desk, but he’s armed and his eyes glint warning.  Kubrick is probably right outside the door, and the rest of the place is full of more armed deputies, probably including Virgil’s brother, another friend but one that won’t hesitate to shoot either.
always.”
Castiel rounds a corner just ahead of Operative Doug Stover, his boots slipping a little bit in the slush.
been Kubrick’s cousin, after all.  Dean wouldn’t be surprised if the guy is holding a grudge.  He seems like the type.
“Actually, I’m twenty-seven.”
“Let’s split up,” he says, when he’s regained control of his temper.
Sighing quietly, Castiel settles down in her abandoned chair and gives his father a wry smile.  “I’m sure you’ll be glad to get out of here.”
“Things were that bad?”
Chuck responds with a distracted smile.  More sectors light up in green as he restores lost data, but while Castiel can track each change he makes, the memories are still hidden from him.  A file appears in his data banks, locked behind new security protocols.
Those crystal green eyes burn into Castiel.  Even wounded as badly as he is, Dean is very formidable.  The weakness in his voice as he speaks is deceptive.  “We’ve got to leave before the next storm hits, or we’ll be stuck here.”
They’d already found several signs of monsters feasting on the remains Cas’ psycho has been leaving behind.  Piles of bones stripped of flesh, marked by human teeth, many broken open and the marrow sucked free.  With the cremation laws making their main source of food difficult to come across, this killer is probably some kind of messiah for them, leaving them piles of mana in the wastelands.
For thirteen nanoseconds Castiel considers it.  Then he shakes his head.  “No.  I want to do this.”
“I’m glad you called,” Dean finally says into the silence.  “I thought I wouldn’t hear from you for a while.”
Castiel surges against Dean, kissing him with every spark of joy and elation he feels at those words.  He wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders, and holds him tight.  And then he starts to laugh, which forces him to release Dean’s lips.  “I love you too, you jackass.”
Dean chuckles, a mistake which earns him a piercing glare.
The memory of the last doll, posed nude on a rickety old bicycle, sends a shiver down Dean’s spine.  It’s like this Dollmaker, as Sam has taken to calling them, is trying to make the under city roads look inhabited again.  But with horrors much worse than the monsters that usually call the place home.
Dean lowers his weapon when he recognizes the riders.  Disappointment that his time with Cas is being cut short makes him sigh.  It was nice while it lasted.  Which is pretty much how these things always go for him.
“And a family is not necessarily a wife and children,” Cesar adds.  “Jesse became my family many years before we built this ranch together and began taking in children.”
Head twitching as if a loud sound had startled him, Dean frowns.  “Cas?”
He turns his head and sees Samuel peering at him from next to a tiny campfire.  The movement causes a cascade of protesting muscles.  He hurts everywhere.  He hurts in places too delicate to mention.  He hurts in places he didn’t even know existed.  Wincing, he goes still in hopes that his body will let him forget the ordeal he’s put it through.  “Yes.  Unfortunately.”
Sam shifts against his pillows, adjusting his position so that his lower ribs ache less.  They’re healed, and all he has left is residual pain.  He could shut off the signal from the nerves to avoid it, but he’s learned from experience that if he doesn’t let himself feel the suffering at least partially, he can forget that he’s not invincible and end up with worse injuries.  “No, just resting.  What’s up?”
Dean’s fingers come back to his face, stroking softly.  “Anytime, sweetheart.”
As the air is filled with the sharp
“Know what?” Castiel asks.  “You’re a criminal?”
It’s peaceful.  It’s the reason he moved back.  The quiet and peace of Purgatory keep the nightmares at bay.
Castiel’s heartbeat kicks up.  “Is he okay?”
But Dean doesn’t offer further argument.  The red stained sclera of Dean’s eyes is an unpleasant contrast to the jade of his irises, but his small smile is still handsome on his features.  “Fine, Cas, you can keep me company.  It’s not like you can upload video to the overnet, right?”
“He’s cute,” Jo stage whispers in an aside to Dean.  To Castiel she says, “are you sure you just want water, hun?  We’ve got genuine beef burgers, and if Dean’s buying you should take advantage of that.”
Silently, Dean turns Castiel’s palm to the firelight.  As he examines the damage, Castiel examines the man.  He notices the wrinkle between Dean’s brows and how dimples appear in his cheeks when his lips purse as he concentrates on his task.  Castiel expects Dean to express disapproval again, since he’s taken every opportunity to do so in the past, but he only hums softly and opens the container he’d balanced on his knee.  He dips a finger in the contents and dabs it against the sores.
The sun sits at its zenith when buildings appear, and soon they’re riding through the edges of the small town thriving outside Fort Buchanan.  Castiel gets a glimpse of the train station he’d briefly visited several days ago, and directs a glare at Dean’s shoulders.
Dean was grateful at the time, but now he kinda wishes Castiel had wanted to talk about it.  Which is all kinds of insane, because he doesn’t talk about his dreams.  Not even in his sessions with Pam.  He’s gotten much better about talking about his
One shoulder lifts in a listless shrug.  “I could never quite meet his expectations,” Castiel answers in that same emotionless voice.  “My grades could be perfect, but if I wasn’t doing four different extracurriculars, then I was being lazy.  When I went to college, he was disappointed I didn’t go for something Ivy League.”  He snorts bitterly, and it’s almost a relief to see him show a little bit of life again.  “He was excited when I went to the Police Academy, but then he gave me hell for not being one of the top graduates.  Nothing was ever good enough.”
“But they make good eating,” Dean says.  He approaches his horse, even though she gives him a warning look, and digs through his saddle bags.
“What?” Sam’s eyes widen with faux innocence.  “You want to know too.”
All thoughts stop.  He refuses to think of what it will feel like to be torn apart by wolves, and he raises the gun to his shoulder.
A call from one of the airport employees breaks the moment, and Castiel takes a deep breath.  “I should go.  I’ll call you again after I see my dad.”
Dean huffs out a breath.  It doesn’t surprise him that Castiel knows just how close to a freak-out he is right now.  He manages a firmer smile for Castiel’s benefit.  “I know.”
“I don’t want none of your holy words, priest.  God’s mercy ain’t waiting for me.  Save your gibberish for someone else.”
Dean shows Castiel around the bunker.  Sam starts researching.
The power in that single word sends goosebumps racing over Dean’s skin, and he’s quick to obey.  Castiel tastes clean and warm, and the curly nest of hair at the base of his cock tickles Dean’s chin.  He nuzzles into it, inhaling the musky scent while nibbling at Castiel’s sack for a moment before working his way back up.  When he reaches the head, he swirls his tongue lightly against the edge of Castiel’s foreskin before ducking down to suckle the head between his lips, gentle and slow, before releasing it.
“Well it seems to be his favorite thing, since he keeps it in his house too.”
Gabriel doesn’t bother to deny it.  “Mhm.” He wiggles his hips against Sam’s.  “Almost as big a dick as this big boy.”
“Great,” Dean says brightly.  “Hey, uh… any idea where a guy can get some pants around here?”
Dean’s legs jerk, and he sits up to poke his head out of the Impala’s door.  His eyes are bright and his smile welcoming.  “Heya, Cas.” He stands up and hollers over his shoulder “Jo, turn that down, wouldja?”
As Castiel runs his thumb over what he can now make out as a flying saucer, he wonders if there’s something in the albums that have significance.  Something that maybe Dean isn’t even aware of.  In just the short time they’ve known each other, Castiel has learned that music holds a lot of value to Dean.
“Roman’s operations are all over the place,” Sam points out.  “Which is why you’ve been spying on him for so long, right?.”
“Would you like to do something else with my mouth?”  Castiel tightens his grip around Dean’s fingers, and closes the small gap separating them.  He lifts Dean’s hand to his mouth and laps his tongue over their interlaced knuckles.  “It serves multiple functions.”
They sit in comfortable silence for several minutes before Dean sits up and gives Castiel a mischievous grin.  “Do you know how to swim?”
Dean pushes back against him.  “Do it, Cas.  Come on.  Dirty me up.”
“It’s not like I was telling lies.  He
Sam snorts derisively.  “I’m not letting you go off on your own like this.”
Slowly, recognition seeps into his numbed brain.  He
That doesn’t seem to satisfy Jimmy at all, but he falls silent, mouth twisted with discontent.
“Hey, Cas?”
A slow, proud smile spreads across Dean’s features.  The skin around his eyes crinkles, and his teeth flash white behind pink lips.  “There you are, angel.”
“Where the hell have you been?” she snaps.
“I hadn’t realized I’d been out so long,” Castiel murmurs.  “Thank you.”
Castiel breathes in slowly as Dean’s hand slips down his denim clad thigh.
“Nah, I checked out the model and compared it to what you have, and they’re only cosmetically different, not functionally.” Dean pushes up into a sitting position and narrows his eyes.  “You were okay with that, right?  I didn’t overstep?”
Dean grins smugly.  Boston’s loss, Purgatory’s and
“He’s all yours,” the marshal says as the deputies bring Winchester into the office.  “Is there anything else you need from us?”
“It’s just not the same as getting nailed to the mattress in the flesh,” Sam sighs as he sits up and swings his feet off the bed.
Sam lights up.  With Cesar’s encouragement, he vaults over the fence and approaches the vaqueros.  They welcome him with broad smiles.
So he has no idea what’s wrong, and if he wants to find out what’s bothering Dean, he’s going to have to ask.  And hope that Dean doesn’t clam up.
“My god, are you hurt?”
Castiel plays along, even though the lemon drink does nothing to quench the fire in his mouth.  Thankfully dinner comes to an end quickly after that, and he’s able to slip outside to get a breath of fresh air.
Sam takes the invitation and sits at the table just as Dean slides the plate in front of him.  Almost immediately there’s a fork being held out to him.  He looks up at Castiel as he accepts the offering.  The android is still wearing the gray t-shirt and orange briefs he’d put on the day before, so he carefully keeps his eyes on Castiel’s face.  “Thanks.”
Dean pulls out an empty flour sack and drops the snake’s body into it.  “Sure, Sammy.  I’ll protect you from the creepy crawly.”
Heat suffuses his skin, and the rate of his breathing increases, and it feels
Dean turns sharply to face Cesar.  Thunder gathers in his eyes.  “What happened to Sam?”
Sam’s whole body seems to deflate when he sighs.  “Yeah, you’re probably better off waiting.  Are you sure you want to go alone though?  You trust them enough?”
He should leave Cas there, let him wake with a crick in his neck, but he doesn’t.  With a snort of disgust, he risks waking Cas by slipping a hand around his waist and another under his knees.  Cas isn’t light; he’s as tall as Dean and surprisingly well muscled.  But Dean is strong from a lifetime of digging up graves and carrying corpses.  He can even lift Sammy when needed, and Cas is a similar in weight but far less gangly.  And it’s only a few steps to the bed.
“Cas?”
The world fades into oblivion around them, and Dean becomes the only solid thing that Castiel can cling to.  Dean’s body is fiery hot as he pulls Castiel hard against his chest, confirming that the heat has nothing to do with the peppers or the mind-numbing tesquino.
But leaving without a word could be a mistake too.
“There are fifteen,” Sam confirms.  “Including Alistair, and at least one other demon.  Maybe two.”
Castiel’s cock twitches, and grows firmer against Dean’s tongue.  His grip shifts, and he makes a feeble attempt to push Dean away, but Dean resists.
Dean has never taken what isn’t enthusiastically offered, but with growing self-loathing he realizes that what he’d taken last night was not offered up freely.  He could blame his behavior on a lot of things: the way Cas got under his skin by arguing with him, the stubborn way he questions Dean at every turn, or the fact that he shot Dean.  But no matter how he looks at it, he knows he’d been angry enough to lash out at Cas.  To hurt him.  And in the intensity of the storm he’d done so.
He leads Castiel through the bunker to a back hallway that ends in a locked door.  And not just a skimpy lock in the knob, either.  It’s a heavy duty, put in a code and spin a wheel kind of lock.  Dean makes sure Castiel sees the code when he puts it in, because they don’t keep it locked for security on the inside, and he’s pretty sure Cas will want to revisit the place later.  There’s a hiss of damp air when Dean spins the wheel and pulls the door open, breaking the airtight seal.  It smells like mulch and dirt and fresh oxygen, flowers and fruits and vegetables all mixing together into what Dean assumes the wide outdoors used to smell like before humanity poisoned the air with smog and chemicals.
“My tutor gave it to me when she learned my name is an angel name.”
The bar is still packed, the weekend crowd taking their chance to unwind very seriously.  Benny and Ash are on the dance floor, Sam and Eileen swaying together next to them even though the current music is too upbeat for their slow dance.  Jo must have slipped away at some point, probably due to threatening glares from her mother who still moves around behind the bar, even though Donnie’s doing most of the work now.
“He’s a Pinkerton agent,” Sam says.  He meets Castiel’s eyes across the table, and gives him a wry smile.  “On official business.”
Samuel casts him a sideways glance.  "It's a special gun."  He hesitates, eyes calculating. "Our father left it to him."
They ride in silence, pulling off Main Street, and taking a few turns until they’re pulling up in front of a small yellow house with white trim, a nicely designed zero-scape yard, and a police cruiser parked in the driveway.  Because he’s an annoying shit, he lays on the horn until the front door opens and Sam glares at him from the porch.  His brother flips him the bird and disappears briefly.  He reappears with a couple fishing poles slung over his shoulder and his tackle box in his other hand.  Eileen follows him out, and wiggles her fingers at Dean and Castiel in greeting.
Now that he knows the deputy is Dean’s brother, he can see the family resemblance.  There are obvious differences.  Aside from their height, Sam’s hair is shaggy and hangs past his ears, where Dean’s is cropped short and spikey.  Their hair is both brown, but not the same shade, and their eyes are slightly different.  But there’s something about the shapes of their faces, and the way they hold themselves that proclaims them family.
Warning for this chapter: Castiel has some mildly disturbing flashbacks from his partitioned memories.
“He’s like the Pied Piper,” Sam says with a chuckle when he sees Castiel gazing after them.
“Well, there’s the motel,” Dean says, turning back to his computer and pecking at the keyboard with his pointer fingers.  “And if you need things to do, there’s the movie theater, a bowling alley, and the Roadhouse has a couple pool tables.”
Trigger Warning in the end notes.
Castiel’s eyes flit around, taking in everything.  “You have a lovely house.”
Between Gabriel’s tight grip, and his hot mouth, Sam is barrelling toward his peak embarrassingly fast.  At least it would be if he had enough brain cells available to register anything but heat and friction and suction.  But what little neurological prowess he normally has is jumbled and wrecked, and honestly he doesn’t give a fuck. He just wants to come.
Gordon gets in Cas’ face.  “I don’t know anything about
“Whiskey.”
Castiel joins them, resting his arms on the top rail of the fence.  He exchanges pleasantries with Cesar and Sam, then turns his attention to the horses in the corral.
The last question is the most difficult to think of.
Castiel accepts his suggestion with a nod.  “Thank you.  I thought so, but I appreciate your input.”
He’d been happy to get out of here, to get away from all these people.  The only thing about this place that he has fond memories of is the library, where he’d go to escape from the constant gay jokes and the eyes of bullies.  It was his safe place, where he went on imaginary adventures that could never happen in real life.
“Cas?”
Finally he nods.  “Alright. Then we’ll leave in the morning.”  He turns back to the marshal. “Please take Mr. Winchester into custody, Marshal.”
to split our efforts to find it.”
“Are you planning on standing there while you read?” Sam asks when Castiel turns to the second page.
“He’s doing it because I asked him to.”
“Next time,” Castiel promises.  He pulls back slightly, and Dean moans in protest when Castiel’s hands move back to his hips.
Castiel chuckles softly at the joke, and tries to gauge the truth of her words.  There is the possibility that the Winchesters haven’t arrived in town yet.  Or if they have, Pamela might possibly be protecting them.
“We’ll have to ride double.  But if he can carry Cesar, he can carry both of us.”
Cesar’s men build a stretcher from long poles cut from the fallen tree, and some of the skins Castiel brought from Alistair’s camp.  They wrap him in the thickest furs to protect him from the cold and from jolts and bumps.
Very carefully, Dean extracts himself from Castiel’s octopus hug, and gets out of bed.  Once he’s upright he stretches his arms high over his head, moaning softly as his muscles warm.  When he looks down, he chuckles softly when he sees Lore curled in a ball behind Castiel’s knees.  She looks up at him through half-lidded eyes, and her motor rumbles to life when he reaches down to rub the top of her head and stroke her ears.  Castiel is once again oblivious to the world, but he grumbles mildly and rolls onto his stomach to bury his face in Dean’s pillow.  Lore relocates to the small of his back, curling up into a purring loaf of fur.
Castiel thanks him again, and Dean gives him one last smile tinged with concern before disappearing back outside.  Looking down at Lore, who had curled up in the warm space he’d abandoned, he says “I guess I’d better get dressed.”  She responds with a
He’d still gotten home late though, and had a minor panic when he’d found the bunker quiet and dark.  Until he’d rushed to Dean’s room and found him sleeping soundly in his own bed.  Alone, so Sam had gone searching for Castiel too.  He’d found the android a few doors down, his chest cavity open with a cord leading from his rigged battery to the wall.
“Ah, Dios,” Cesar gazes heavenward.  “Spare me from young women with hungry hearts.”
“Hurry it up,” Dean calls over his shoulder.  “We can still ride several more hours before sundown.”
Castiel nods, agreeing because he’s put his life in Dean’s hands before and he hasn’t failed him.  And deep down, he knows Dean is right.  He’d felt the change in the weather through the bite of the wind.  This is high country, not unlike places he knows in Colorado.  Only fools allow themselves to be caught in unfamiliar territory when the weather turns foul.  And it will be brutal up here, even in this sheltered valley.
He forces his mind blank when bile rises in his throat.
A little too quickly to appear casual, he turns back to the counter and looks down at the food left on his plate.  What the hell is wrong with him?  He’s seen plenty of hot men before.  Hell, he just has to look up and see Benny in the kitchen to find ohne.
His eyes continue to flit up and down the street, now looking for signs of Sam.  It’s a relief when he finds no sign of him.  He hopes that if Sam catches wind of what’s happening, he takes off for safety rather than playing hero, but he also knows that’s unlikely.  He’s going to have to get himself out of this first.
When Castiel regains a semblance of control and calm, he returns to camp.  Sam is curled back up in his bedroll and Dean is playing a soft, mournful tune.  He looks up when Castiel gets close, and the music cuts off.  The light dances in the depths of his green eyes, and his lips turn down, revealing a dimple on each cheek.
Not many players are willing to draw Loki’s attention either.  Which is why a space opens around Sam when players draw away at the demigod’s sudden appearance at Sam’s side.
Dean ignores the size of the bed as presented to him visually and climbs onto it, feeling the memory foam of their real bed sinking beneath him.  He scoots as close to Castiel as he can, and the simulation provides him with the sensation of body heat and pressure where their knees knock together.  “I hope you end up with a crick in your neck, you dick.”
“You don’t really know what you’re doing.” Sam points out.  He’s no longer trying to hide his amusement, but he’s serious about the point he’s making.
Keeping his head pillowed on the rocky ledge behind him, Castiel angles his chin so he can look at Dean without having to expend energy to hold it up.  He feels the dopiness of the smile on his face, but he doesn’t bother to reign it in.  “Wow,” he murmurs.  And then again because he feels like it needs emphasis.  “Wow.”
“I don’t know,” Chuck says.
The moment stretches out between them, and Castiel can feel the dopey smile curving his own lips.  He’d regretted watching Dean walk away from the diner, but had been resigned to never seeing him again.  Seeing him here seems like a gift of fate.
“No,” Jody sighs.  “You’re frustratingly honest.”
“Maybe, when I retrieve my beloved Dean, I will take my pleasure from you as I didn’t have a chance to with your brother,” Alistair says thoughtfully.
“With.”
Castiel’s silence is concerning, but Dean gets him to open up.
“I think that makes all of us,” Jimmy adds with a dark chuckle.  “How about we move this to the den?”
have a lot of money and can fly out to see her.  It’s not like the only way we can see each other is if we spend months on a wagon train crossing the plains.  Skype exists.”
Another perk to the room is that they don’t have to squeeze into a tiny shower together.  This one is roomy enough to hold both of them comfortably.  The hot water seems to wash away some of Dean’s tension, and their hands wander a bit even if they’re both too tired for it to go anywhere.  But when they’re done, dried, and dressed in their sleep pants, Dean still pulls out his prescription and pops a pill as Castiel microwaves the pie they’d gotten to go.
The shot kicks in quickly.  Dean’s grip loosening gradually, and his posture becoming less tight.  His words are a soft mumble when he speaks.  “I know.”
“Why not?” he asks, because he knows whether he wants to hear it or not, Dean will tell him.
“I considered not keeping in communication,” Castiel admits.  “But I couldn’t do that to either of us.  There’s an idiom that misery loves company, and I was feeling poorly until I decided to call you.”
“There is the possibility that they stepped out for a drink,” Virgil suggests haltingly, obviously aware of what a lame excuse it is.  “We could check the saloons in town.”
The man gives them all a wary stare, his eyes lingering longest on Sam’s tall form, but he takes their money readily.  “I suppose I’ve got room for the horses,” he says, eyeing the money greedily before pocketing it.
Dean just winks at him while he fixes his own cup of coffee, the asshole.
They finally come off after a struggle and Dean tosses them aside in disgust.  Cas is probably going to have blisters.
Hand in hand they head for the kitchen.
Alfie’s teeth flash briefly.  “With enough tequila, yes.”  Then he turns serious.  “You are the prize for whoever wins the contest.”
“Don’t oppress me!”
“Not even remotely,” Dean answers honestly.  When the elevator doors open, he slips inside with Sam and punches the button for the ground floor a little too hard.  Luckily it doesn’t crack under the assault.  “And if there are any undercity tunnels accessible around the bodega, I’m not finding a damn thing.”
know.”  She sobers a little, sighing and straightening behind the counter.  “But that boy doesn’t really click with anyone ‘round here.  Not like he did with you.  Folks here either see him as some kind of big damn hero, or they’re intimidated by him.  Even people who knew him before he moved away don’t see him for who he is since he came back home.”
Her response makes him snort a laugh.
Dean shifts his weight and winces slightly when the movement pulls the injury at his side.  The physician the marshal had called in had cleaned and bandaged it, and pronounced that it’s only a flesh wound.  But it’s a painful reminder that Jameson had shot him without hesitation. He has little doubt Jameson will carry out this latest threat as well.
beer at the Roadhouse.  Ellen keeps the top shelf stuff on the bottom shelf, and Jo will make sure that’s what he gets.  And maybe while he has his second beer, he’ll play a round of pool with Ash.
"Yeah, like being the owners of one of the biggest tech companies in the country is under the radar," Dean grunts.
When he sits up, he realizes that the extra cloth wrapped around him is Dean’s shirt.  It’s hardly an effective blanket, the cloth too thin and torn in several places from getting dragged through the flooded river along with the man wearing it, but Dean gave up what little warmth he could glean from the tattered remains to protect Castiel from the morning chill.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How is he?” he asks.
Dean’s movements tug the blanket away from Castiel’s chest, and goosebumps rise up over his newly exposed skin.  He shivers just as Dean suckles the head of his cock.  Keeping his eyes squeezed shut, he concentrates on not moving, on keeping his hips still instead of fucking up into the searing wet heat of Dean’s mouth.  And he knows Dean is expecting him to break, because he holds Castiel’s hips down against the bed while he pays special attention to the crown of his cock without taking him any deeper.
Arms come around his waist, pulling him even closer.  “Hello, Dean.”
“I suppose Naomi has grown tired of my many errors.  Did she charge you a lot for my purchase?” He finally looks up, and his kicked puppy look could give Sam’s a run for the money.  “If so, I apologize.  I don’t know what causes the errors in my programming, but I understand from my previous owner that the frustration it caused her was not worth my monetary value.”
When his words don’t seem to comfort Castiel, Dean claps him on the shoulder and jiggles it a little.  It’s more than he’s touched the android since powering him on, and the heat radiating through the bathrobe surprises him a little.  He’d expected Castiel’s body to remain cool, but he’s as warm as any human.  Jerking his hand away, Dean covers his discomfort with a cough and tucks his hand in his back pocket.  “Don’t worry, Cas.  Sleeping is awesome.  Trust me when I say most humans wish they got more of it.”
“No, Cas you don’t have to–”
And Dean no longer has an excuse not to call Cas about his bike.
A tear slips down her cheek, and she looks away.  “I’m sorry.  I wish I’d done things differently.”
Then Dean’s body shifts, his thigh nudging Castiel’s apart.  And there’s something hot and hard pressed into his hip.  Castiel whimpers into the heat of Dean’s mouth and presses his hips forward, grinding his own throbbing cock against him.
As the rain courses down over their bodies, Dean Winchester and Castiel Jameson surrender to the storm.
And then he finally tears his gaze away from Castiel and his joy dims a little as he takes in Sam and Dean.  “Uh… I won’t ask how you got in, since Castiel here is a huge security breach I didn’t even think of when I built him, but who the hell are you?” He jerks his head toward the tangle of machinery around them.  “And don’t think you can get away with any funny business.  All of these are connected to me, and I can kick your ass.”
sixty million years ago!” He places a hand on his own chest.  “And humans, who vainly try to imitate the power of the universe--playing god, you could say--making their own copies, just like the ancient chains of RNA that started everything.”
Fear claws at his throat, and the pulsing in his brain increases to a frantic rate.  He knows they’re just over the counter meds, not something that he could become addicted to.  But what if he builds up a tolerance to their effects and has to start taking stronger doses until he works his way back up to using prescriptions again?
As soon as Dean made a threatening move towards James the mechanical arms around them shift, but they shudder to a halt.  Sam groans and palms his temples.  “Dean let him go, I can only hold his ‘bots off for so long.”
Castiel’s head thumps back down on the pillow, but Dean can still see a flash of teeth when he smiles.  “No, it’s fine,” Castiel says.  “I guess it would depend on whose turn it is to clean the kitchen.  “Hanah--uh… I’ve lived with someone who isn’t much of a clean freak, so I’d probably clean it up out of habit.  But it would get old if it happened a lot.”
“Yeah you should,” Dean answers, walking forward to meet Castiel and finger through the clothing draped over his arm.  He’s not surprised to find something orange in the mix.  “Just because it’s in your size doesn’t mean it’ll fit right.”
A shiver catches Castiel unaware and breaks him from the strange mood his walk through the forest pulled him into.  He shrugs on his coat and smiles up at his husband. “No, I’m ready to go back. I’ll walk with you.”
Castiel chuckles darkly.  “You really want me to fuck you that bad, huh?”
Dean removes the saddle and saddle bags, and swings them onto Baby’s back.  Then he takes a few minutes to rub the gelding down, whispering his thanks to the animal before releasing him to find his own way back down the mountain.
He doesn’t have a clue as to where that leaves them.  But right now Cas is warm and solid in his arms, and Dean isn’t inclined to examine why he just wants to hold him close and run his fingers through Cas’ damp hair.
Instead of the comfortable half-empty headspace he usually falls into once he’s on a flat stretch of road, his mind revs up.  A list of excuses to turn around and go back scrolls through his mind.  He should have gotten a meal to go.  His gas tank could probably use a top off.  Maybe he should stay another night and get an early start instead of driving into the growing dark, without knowing where he can make his next stop to get some sleep.
“It’s something I promised I would make for you someday.”
Jimmy shakes his head.  “Only superficially.”
“Then I’ll help you,” Castiel assures him.  “Whatever you need.”
Lips twisting up in a wry grin, Dean nods.  “Never been to a club before, huh?”
“By the way,” he says to Cesar, “I heard you have another mare that looks like Baby?  I’d love to see how she rides.”
“You’re frowning again,” Dean points out.
“Don’t worry, you’ll graduate to harder cases soon enough,” he offers in reassurance.
Charlie huffs, fluttering the small feathers around her beak.  “Not doing so well without Cas, I’m guessing?”
“Oh yeah.  Family owns a lucrative brewery, famous for their hard ciders.” She pauses and gives him a cautious look.  “He was married too.”
“He was dead, and I was living with you two old codgers,” Dean points out.  “Maybe you should have let me take Sam to the city fireworks display.”
Sam’s dating a certified genius.
Is this what Dean meant when he talked about the direct beam holo-ads being overstimulating for his brain to process?
Sam sets his burden down on the counter of the suite’s small kitchenette, and brings Dean one of the cups.  “You know I’m pretty sure Cas isn’t going to be happy if he wakes up just to find that you’ve been hospitalized due to lack of sleep.”
“Sure, Cas,” Dean says.  “And that’s why we don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.”
They fall silent, but Castiel keeps his fingers wrapped around Dean’s arm, until Dean shakes him loose and threads their hands together between them on the seat.  The warmth of Castiel’s hand in his own comforts Dean, and he hopes the feeling goes both ways.
So Castiel does.  He’s got several books in his room from different sections of the library.  He’s pleased when Dean starts laughing, although he doesn’t understand why The Very Hungry Caterpillar is amusing.  He’s less pleased when the laughter leads to hacking coughs and Dean hunched over the bucket.
“Hey Eileen, I brought those tools you needed-” Dean breaks off when he sees Castiel and Eileen near the washers.  A warm smile spreads across his features when his eyes fall on Castiel.  “Hi again.”
God, he fucking misses Cas.  Daily phone calls are not enough.  He wants to share meals with him.  Visit him at the sheriff’s office.  Sit with his feet in Castiel’s lap while they watch movies.
Dean only laughs.
.  “Alright.  Sleep well.”
.  They needed physical release or fantasy fulfillment, and he was the object that provided them with what they paid to receive.  They never looked at him the way Dean does in the throes of passion.  If they looked at him at all.
Dean pushes the driver side door open, and wishes he hadn’t WD40’d the squeak out of its hinge.  “Yeah, we’re going,” he says as he gets out of the car and gently shuts the door.  “You ready?”
His eyes flick up to Dean’s, and they’re full of care and reassurance.  And something else, something warm and… loving.
Dean frowns.  “Meaning?
“Who decided on her own that she didn’t want to be,” Chuck points out.
“Well,” he mutters into the growing darkness.  “That could have been worse.”
Because of the rocky outcrop and the surrounding saguaro cactus, Dean isn’t able to see Cas until he’s only a few feet away.  When he reaches the spring he finds Cas rising up from a crouch at the water’s edge.  His hair is nearly black and flattened with water, which drips down over more bare skin than he’d expected to see.
His eyes slip closed at the first tingling touch of their lips.  The contact is barely anything, more the sensation of electrons jumping between them than any actual pressure.  Dean wants to grab and crush Castiel’s mouth under his, but this is Castiel’s show, and he’s just along for the ride.
He ties the horses securely to the tree and starts a fire with the dry wood from the pack horse.  Then he goes back for Dean.
Before either of them moves toward the train’s exit he reaches for her hand, and presses a folded handkerchief into her palm.  “Adiós, señorita.”  Without waiting for a reply he makes his way to the front of the car where other passengers are disembarking.  He steps down and finds someone to provide directions.
Feeling silly for just standing there in the dark like an idiot, he strips down to his boxer briefs and slides into bed.  The cool cloth of his sheets rubbing against his skin does nothing to slow his racing heart.  A needy noise escapes his throat when he realizes that the couch is pressed up against the wall that the head of Dean’s bed is against.  There’s only a thin wall between them.  Only inches.
“Kevin?” Dean whispers.
slides down his spine, and he nearly shivers.  Only the same control that has kept him powering through fatigue and pain keeps him from displaying any outward indication of the way Dean shakes him when he stares with hooded green eyes.
a greedy bastard, we really should try to stay as far ahead of him as possible.”
They pull each other into a crushing hug again.  Dean closes his eyes, and concentrates on Castiel’s heart beat, breathes in the scent of his sweat mingled with laundry soap.
“Oh.”
Sam nods.  “Yeah.”
“Anyway, go to sleep and get charged up enough to come see Dean.  He’s set up in the bathroom right now, and he’ll probably be there for a while.”  He reaches out and jiggles Castiel’s power cord.  “Bring this with you.  There’s an outlet in there, and you can keep him company while you charge the rest of the way.”
Gabriel is sprawled naked on his stomach in the center of the huge bed, feet up in the air swinging back and forth.  The biocircuitry tattooed into his back in the pattern of feathers glows yellow, indicating he’s deep in the overnet, so Sam engages his own neural net.
“I can choose anything that fits?” Castiel asks, fingering the sleeve of a black jersey shirt.
“You are trespassing,” Golem says again.  Its beady eyes flick from Castiel to Dean and back, settling on Castiel as the closer threat.  “This is your final warning.”
At the edge of camp, Dean stands softly stroking the Appaloosa’s neck, talking quietly into the dark smokey ears that flick forward as if the mare is listening intently.  The words are unintelligible to Castiel, spoken in a wholly unfamiliar language.  It sounds almost lyrical to his untrained ears.
“That sounds fun.”  It does.  He has plenty of friends who read, but not as many of them are into the same genres he is, and it would be nice to have more people to fanboy with over his favorite books.  “What are you guys reading right now?”
“Cas… why do you want to know?” Sam asks.
Dean rubs the raw skin of his wrists, frowns at the Marshal’s cryptic words and looks up at Sam.  His brother is pale, probably still shaken from being far too close to the hangman’s noose, but curiosity burns in his hazel eyes when he meets Dean’s gaze.  He shrugs with one shoulder.
“That seems odd,” Castiel says, as he tries to get a closer look at Gabriel’s expression, but he is unable to zoom in.  It’s always jarring when he tries to control his avatar body the same way he does his chassis and is thwarted by Moondor’s mechanics.  “Does he know you’re worried?”
“Oh,” he says into Dean’s t-shirt.  “That’s… that’s…” Making S sounds distract him briefly, but he’s learning to shift his attention, and he concentrates on Dean’s fingers in his hair, Dean’s
He drags his hand up to Gabriel’s chest, pulling him even closer, and presses a kiss among the messy gold hair behind his ear.  “Hey, I’m going to Moondor. You want to come, or are you going to sleep some more?”
“Is he really better?” he asks hopefully.
Maybe he’s not going to be taking advantage of the android’s original purpose, but he has a feeling they’re going to have a lot of fun together anyway.
With that resolve in mind he places his lips over Dean’s and blows.  Immediately he senses a problem when air escapes Dean’s nose.  He pinces it shut, and tries again.  This time there’s a faint rise of Dean’s chest.  Heartened, Castiel does it again.
A horse?  He’s risking his freedom for a
This peak looks impossible to climb, rising almost vertical in some places.
“Yes,” Castiel agrees.
“Like I’m on cloud nine,” he whispers against Dean’s freckles and numerous mating marks.  “Thank you for taking care of me, Dean.”
Castiel’s belongings haven’t made their way Dean’s room yet, but the android doesn’t seem to be eager to spend the night in his own room anymore.  And Dean’s surprisingly okay with that, enjoying the company more than he thought he would when he made the suggestion that Castiel sleep with him.  And he’s startled to realize that he’s disappointed with the answer to Sam’s question.  “Nah, he’s just staying in my room so he can charge faster.”
“I promise we’ll go easy on the ribbing if you fail miserably.”
though.  They’re monsters
“That’s enough, angel.”  Dean’s voice comes from in front of him, and Castiel rocks forward, seeking his mate’s heat.
Sam grins.  “Yeah it was.  I know the difference between computers and humans, Cas.”
He considers starting the coffee pot so it’s ready when they do wake up, but decides it’s too early.  Dean had stressed the importance of not letting it get cold or scorching it, and since Castiel does not know how much longer the brothers will sleep it’s better to leave the machine untouched.  He takes down a mug from the cupboard and turns it over in his hands looking at the design.  It’s a bright cerulean blue with white stripes and the words
“What am I, chopped liver?” Gabriel asks as he removes his own mask.
Since a fire will be too dangerous after tonight, Sam starts dinner with the last of their perishable food.  While he cooks, Cas re-opens John’s journal and squints down at the pages.  It’s strange seeing the book in Cas’ hands.  It isn’t something they usually share outside family.
That’s what Dean’s been thinking for hours now.  He rubs a hand over his face, trying to wipe away intrusive thoughts of what could have happened.  “The demon was stalking him, Sam.  It wasn’t going to kill him, it was going to take him.”
Sam distracts him from imagining the horror of holding up a cross as a shield against a monster that wouldn’t be affected by it  The younger Winchester rummages through one of his saddle bags and pulls out a leatherbound book.  He holds it out to Castiel.  “This improves our chances.  You can look through it if you’d like.”
“Fuck, it’s hot.”
The reminder is spoken harshly, and Castiel abandons his attempt to interpret Dean’s expression, focusing back on cleaning his skin.  He stands when he reaches Dean’s stomach and pulls him close so he can reach around and wash his buttocks and lower back.
“How about a shower?” Dean suggests.
Eileen levels a finger in Dean’s direction.  “I mean it.”
Dean’s smile slips a little.  Something about the way she said that feels a little ominous.  His appetite sours, and he sets the uneaten half of his sandwich on the desk.  “What do you mean?”
A hand comes up to his face, Dean’s fingers brushing across his cheek.  “I didn’t hit you did I?”
Castiel laughs, and then chokes slightly.  He has to blink his eyes when his vision goes suddenly blurry.  He slides the ring on his finger, and it fits just right.  Lifting his head, he looks at Dean.  All the love Dean has shown him in a thousand different ways shines from his eyes, which have also gone glassy with tears.
I was doing really well at keeping a weekly pace on this fic, but I recently joined a new team at work and cranked up the difficulty of my job to 11, so I'm mentally burned out before my day is even over.  Concentration is difficult, and it's definitely interfering with my creativity.  Updates will probably continue to be slow for a little bit, but hopefully this will pass as I become comfortable with the new work stuff I'm doing and I'll get back on the wagon soon :)
Castiel rolls his pretty blue eyes, but he shifts the bowl of popcorn so it balances on both their thighs where they’re pressed together.
In this position, lying on their sides, Dean’s head pillowed on Castiel’s forearm while Castiel fucks Dean from behind, he can see nearly as much as he’d like.  He records the bob of Dean’s hard cock, and the way pre-come smears against his stomach, and the way Dean’s other hand clenches in the sheets until the veins and tendons stand up under his skin.  He listens as Dean’s gasps become more shallow, occasionally ending in a tiny whine.  He waits for the telltale clench of Dean’s abdominal muscles.
The silence is split by the train whistle, announcing that it is time for him to finish up and leave.  He folds the wanted poster and slips it into the inner pocket of his jacket.
The android looks around, his face scrunched up in a frankly adorable squint of confusion.  “This doesn’t look like a school.”
Castiel grins, eyes still closed.  “Naked?”
“But then I think about it longer; and the world?  It’s too big for humanity’s idea of God.  And it’s just a little speck of blue in a vast, mostly empty universe.
When Dean notices Cas’ gaze move down to his leg, he grimaces.  “I kept it, but the damn thing ain’t much use yet.”
“You need to leave,” she hisses.  “He’ll catch you too.”
“What did you have in mind?” Castiel finally asks.
Dean holds Jameson's gaze, gauging how serious he is about using his little pea shooter.  The answer appears to be Very, so he speaks softly to Pamela. “Do what he says, darlin’. He might just shoot me if you don’t, and I’m not too crazy about where he’s pointing that gun.”
Dean leans back against the low wall as he catches his breath and he grins down at Castiel.  “You okay down there, bud?”
Besides, he’s accustomed to his current appearance, and the eyes he has now are perfectly functional.
No, he’s not.  But his threat assessment software is choosing now to remind him of all the risk reports he’s been ignoring.  “My security protocols are very strongly recommending it.”
Those are always good days.  It’s become something of an obsession for him to see what kind of wacky pajama bottoms the guy’ll be wearing each time they meet.  Dude’s got quite the collection, ranging from bumble bees, to kittens, to hammers and saws, to superheroes.  Plus he’s fucking sexy with his sleepy eyes and mumbled greetings.  He never quite looks like he’s all the way awake, but he always greets Dean with a warm smile and a dorky little wave that leaves Dean feeling light and bouncy all the way to his car.
The piece of wood Dean holds between his hands snaps in two with a loud crack.  His hands shake with impotent fury and lingering fear.  He flings the pieces into the fire.
The sky is gray with another threat of light snow, leaving the interior of the cabin dark and gloomy except for the kitchen where the overhead light glows with a soft yellow gold.  With the oven on, and the scent of roasting chicken wafting from the vents, the room is cozy and warm enough that Castiel isn’t surprised that Dean has stripped off his t-shirt while he cleans up after prepping the bird for baking.
Professional curiosity tempts him to flip to the beginning of the journal and read more, but he can see how anxiously Cas is watching him.  Instead of invading a dead man’s privacy, he closes the book and passes it back to Cas, careful to hold it away from the danger of the fire.
Chuck’s enthusiasm fades and he looks away.  “I mean, I can try but it’s all theoretical. There’s nothing specific I’ll be able to point to and say that you’re sentient.”  He pushes up to his feet with a grunt and fetches his drink, taking a deep swallow.
Castiel finds Dean’s prostate without error, and focuses on stimulating it the way Dean never appears to get enough of.  He drapes his arm over Dean’s hip, and cups Dean’s erection in his palm, applying pressure, but not stroking.  Instead he uses his hips to drive Dean’s forward, providing only light friction to his cock.
“Heart eyes?”
He closes its protective cover and slips it into the inner pocket of Castiel’s blazer.  “Welcome to the team, Agent.”
Dean stops and turns back to Castiel.  “Yeah?”
Castiel’s fingers curl into his palms.  Frustration and helplessness wash over him.  He believes the Winchesters have already been gone for a few hours, and he knows from experience that a lot of distance can be covered in that amount of time.
He doesn’t know what he’s asking for, but in the next moment he knows when Dean’s other hand moves upward.  The tight pinch against his other nippled makes him cry out and he arches into Dean’s hands. Dean massages, pinches, and plucks, and then soothes by flattening his palms over the sensitized flesh.
“This isn’t my kinda high, and the stuff I like is legal.  And homegrown, so I can control the quality myself.”
“Fuck,” he hisses.  Broken, and broken down.  In the middle of nowhere.  “Fuck!”
Smile widening, Sam snuggles deeper into his pillow and enters VR mode.  His bedroom disappears, and when it reforms around him he’s in a different room, cuddled up on Gabriel’s giant bed.  “So you wanna hear some crazy news about Dean and Cas?”
