“I’m sorry I scared you. I don’t like people thrusting things at me either. That was stupid.” He apologized, slowly lowering the object, sure to broadcast loudly his intentions.
The memory faded, leaving Tony feel drained in its wake, hollowed out. He didn't know whether the aching emptiness in his chest was his alone or a reflection of Steve... he didn't think it mattered. Not after what he'd seen.
“Of course Sir,” the A.I. answered even as a path of tiles on the floor began to emit a subtle glow leading to the opening doors of the living room. Natasha almost smiled. Leave it to Tony.
"Thank god for that.” Pepper muttered into his ear. “Go easy on her, Tony. Your personality is a lot to get used to for anyone, let alone a domesticated kat.”
“Finishing the rest of the diagnostics. He couldn’t wait.” Riri explained, wolfing down a mouthful of eggs. Nyota only relaxed when Amory sent her a small wave of reassurance. It was still just too weird for Nyota being the center of the group. Dad had always made it look so easy. Nyota had never really wanted to be Queen. It was a terrifying amount of responsibility to carry a Pride, and Dad had promised she’d have time to grow used to the idea and that if she ever decided that she really just wasn’t cut out for it, that he wouldn’t force her.
If you've ever had a pissed off Captain America coming toward you like a long black train then you know exactly how hard it was for Tony to stand there doing his best to look unbothered. He'd never seen Steve look this furious, even when they'd been pushed into all but duking it out on the Hellicarrier by the tesseract.
None of us signed on to be Uncle Sam’s private army. Especially not me. You can take that promise to the bank.
Tony makes a promise that one day he will go to India himself and find Devi's family and greet them, and on that day they will all eat sugared dates and Tony will build Devi a fleet of ships so that he is richer than a raja. Devi laughs when he tells him this and says "May it be. May it be."
“Well you’re not completely wrong, but since you were an ass about it I’m not going to give you any points.” Tony scolded, grasping the chubby little tom by the tail and tugging gently until he lost his kingly perch on Tony’s stomach and flopped to the floor with an oof of breath.
“Yeah, and none of these shots were kill shots.” Clint added to the growing pile of observations. “Steve’s right, the kid’s a sharp shooter but he had multiple chances to kill and he took none of them. That’s gotta be intentional.”
The Avengers are a pride and considering that this is America land of the free (unless you happen to be feline) where gata are required to be domesticated (with a few special exceptions) and it's impossible to live without a master, it's safe to say that prides are mostly a thing for the history books.
“You’re still selling that melodrama?” Tony sneered, the burning bright edge of his fury prickling the air around Natasha’s skin. “Poor Ty, couldn’t make daddy happy because one little kitten figured out he was a dirt bag.”
“I’d like to.” Steve acknowledged. “But… I don’t know. I wanted to take him on a proper date and ask him there, but I can’t decide what he’d like. Everything just seems so… I mean he’s probably done a lot.”
The sound of someone clearing their throat stopped Tony mid-rant. Tony and the six kits who’d bamboozled him into reading a Christmas story all turned and looked up to find Bruce standing in the doorway, looking down at their pile with an expression that was part wary and part amused.
Nyota Stark has never been frightened of much. Even after the destruction of their entire universe, she’d been the one to rally the others together, to boost morale and insist on finding a way to survive the incursions.
Tony Stark standing there with his thumb jutted out desperate to hitch a ride? No. Was it his most dignified moment ever? Fuck no. But It could be hours before another car passed by this way, so fuck dignity. Tony would have lain down in the middle of the road in his bespoke suit if he had to as long as the truck stopped for him.
It's why he and Mama visit his grandparents in secret and why Nonno and Isiah act as if they do not know them when they’re at the yard. It's why Isiah and Nonno are angry with mama and speak harsh words in Hebrew about his father.
“Only the material I want to use is a tad bit alien and Bruce went crying to Pepper who says I need to get a medical opinion, which is just plain – “Tony’s grumbling was aborted by the sudden appearance of a plate laden with smoked fish in front of his nose.
“I mean, are we talking everybody look at my cute personal island and the insane number of drunk models I can cram onto it kind of private, or virtually undiscovered floating chunk of land with no name I discovered with Google Maps zoom at two hundred percent?”
But it's all a game, see, and it hadn't taken Clint long to observe that Tony was an expert. It was about control. Tony slept with people who gave easy pleasure, or easy votes, contracts and donations; people with the least amount of personal threat to him. They could have the surface, the physical, but there was no danger of anybody getting beyond that. Nobody got in or under, and those who tried to get over eventually learned the error of their ways. Most of them are dead.
But as everyone knows by know Howard's old friend Obi turned out to be a back stabbing traitor. Old Howard must have gotten wise to something smelling rotten in the state of Denmark because he'd changed his will the week before his death.
A/N: I'm putting an extra warning here for potential triggers. We see a bit of Maria in this chapter, and Tony's birth. In this story at least, her becoming pregnant with Tony wasn't entirely voluntary. Because slavery. While nothing sexually non-con happens in this chapter, I recognize that having a child in bondage is a form of non-con itself and I hope you do too. Maria came to a certain decision about the child forced upon her that I tried to make clear here, and I hope you'll respect even as you would a woman's decision not to accept a child in that situation. Either way be kind to yourselves and don't press your triggers. That is all.
“uh-huh” Bruce opened his eyes with a tired yawn, blinking slowly before he focused on Tony who was squirming in the universal signal of bladder related discomfort and chuckled, untangling their limbs. He watched as Tony sat up, removing the dildo with a low hiss of displeasure, ears twitching when he noticed Bruce smiling at him. Bruce didn’t look all that concerned with his irritation.
“Be careful Iron Man, the feral is armed!” One of the officers called out, but Tony ignored him in favor of the urgent voice that filled his head at the same moment.
“Tony!” He heard Steve cry out over the coms as he righted himself just before he hit the safety netting, firing off a few rupolsor blasts on his way up just to get Thor dancing again.
"I will... Sir." The kid gulped and Tony was laughing as Steve pulled him out into the crowd of dancers again.
“Sometimes you don’t get to have the high ground. Life doesn’t always let you choose between a right and a wrong thing. Sometimes it’s just one shitty thing. Just one shitty thing you have to do to make sure that somebody is left to carry on the work.” Tony quipped with a false smile. He didn’t need Steve’s disappointed eyes to know why what he’d done was terrible. He got it. That was why he’d been the one to pull the trigger. Steve never would.
She shot back, silently reprimanding herself for her slip and refocusing on her work. She was not some sniffling kitten who needed a tom's shoulder to lean on every time she felt a little sad. She had shit to do!
Tony has loved Captain America since he was a kit. But Steve Rogers? He started falling in love with Steve on a rooftop, with a starry sky above their heads. He slides the rest of the way naked in a shower just the way you’re not supposed to because he’s Tony Stark and he’s just classy like that. Oh well.
"It's a big deal when you want to let someone collar you. What happened to that fel you were seeing?"
He does stop but he doesn’t move far. He stays pressed close, his nose an inch away from Tony’s while they both struggle to breath.
It’s no secret that Tony Stark loves a real challenge, even if real challenges are hard to come by when you’re as smart as he is. It’s a lesser known fact that despite what you might think, Tony hates puzzles. He hates not having access to all the facts, and lacking the data to form a complete picture is a surefire way to get under his skin and have him picking apart a problem until he knows every inch of it and finds the solution, and the blasted puzzle is no more. Rhodey calls it dangerously obsessive, but he doesn’t know what it was like for Tony as a kit.
Tony knows an under cover gig when he sees one and he doesn't need JARVIS to bring up the visual map of the guy's activity to know that. The guy's tech is too advanced not to be funded by someone very rich and very powerful, but if his backers aren't SHIELD that leaves only a few, far less friendly options.
He should report this. He needs recalibration and the rules he lives by are clear and firmly situated at the forefront of his mind.
“But Tony Stark is Queen of nothing. He nurses a rabble of confused children. Broken misfits who don’t know their hearts well enough to give it, and today he will die. The Queen who barely was.”
“That’s Princess McBroody to you, foolish peasant.” Nyota teased, flicking a bit of crumbled bacon Riri’s way. The other girl dogged, her striped tail swatting at Nyota’s under the table as she made a face at her before heaving a sigh.
So yeah, lots to do. A crash course in 2013 social norms, secret identities to establish, and a virus to code that would be strong enough to get past the most advanced AI ever created. A girl could have a break down with all the stress, but Nyota had learned from the best. When the work gets tough, turn up the volume and don’t come up for air until the shit gets done.
Movement from Killian had her eyes snapping back and when she saw what the man held she made a snap decision. Time to move.
It’s not that Tony isn’t eager to spend time with Steve. Because he is. Rogers is unexpectedly a lot of fun to be around (now that they’re not constantly at each other’s throats) and he’s got a secret thrill junkie streak to rival even Tony’s, that comes out to play in the most thrilling (and sometimes titillating) of ways. Be still his beating heart.
“Yeah, Cap, believe it or not I don’t get much say once the World Security Council gets involved, and believe me they’re involved.” Fury grumbled, coming around the table to take his seat. “They’ve got their eyes on Wakanda. It’s a wild card and they don’t like wild cards. They want to know what they’re dealing with, and for that we need access to the country. All attempts at espionage have failed in the past.”
Steve had boxed the fear away and buried it deep in the back of his mind where it couldn’t distract him from watching over his teammates. He got lost in the long agonizingly slow stretch of minutes but knew something was happening when Natasha inhaled sharply, her shoulders going tense under his arm. His eyes flew from her to the bed just in time to watch Tony’s eyes blink open.
Tony remembered again the Queen who had spoken to him and the memories he’d walked in, of the birthing chamber and T’Challa as a young kit – the magnitude of what that must mean sinking in. He’d taken strength from T’Challa. The Prince of Wakanda, who belonged to the Queen of the Panther Pride! Because she’d let him. She’d been there in Tony’s mind. Aware of him just as he was aware of her.
From the dance floor it would be easy enough to slip out into the hall and then out to the car, but maybe they didn’t even have time for the dance. Tony was uncharacteristically quiet and stiff as Steve pulled him close. He saw again that devastated look Tony had given him when he’d first approached.
There’s no getting around it.  You’ve gotta know. Okay, look. There was one other good thing about Tony’s childhood in Grandpa Town, and his name is Steve Rogers.
“Keep dreaming Honeybunch.” He replied with a grin that looked as giddy as he felt and a faux flutter of his eyelashes.
When Tony said he had a ‘plan’ what he actually meant was he had a basic idea of what they needed to do in a short amount of time (it wouldn’t take that chopper long to spot the tracks they’d made from the barn to the house and for the armed foot units to come sniffing) and just enough desperation to try it.
They were definitely back, and there were more of them this time. For reasons unknown they’d changed their MO and were openly attacking the public, or so the police reports coming out of the crisis area all reported.
To their shock the woman’s mouth fell open, revealing sharply pointed teeth, and a loud chittering noise erupted from her throat.
In spring of 1994 the supreme court had ruled that kats who proved exceptional could receive formal education and degrees congruent with their level of aptitude. Of course the early aptitude tests were brutal and unfairly skewed but Tony had beaten them at that game too because there were few people in the world with his level of aptitude and they'd certainly not put any of them in charge of coming up with the tests.
As he spoke Tony flicked through the designs he’d drawn up, draft after draft, becoming more confident with each word spoken as he watched his vision unfold and Darren’s mouth slowly drop open. Of all of it, he was most excited about the company, if only because it meant building from the ground up. A company for Gata run by Gata. Scientists like Bruce and engineers like him who had been regulated to background roles or who never expected to receive credit for their contributions would lead the way. There were already a good number of them working within SI as it was and he was confident he could wrestle a few more token minds away from his competitors with enough time. And most promising of all was the generation of young hopefuls who hadn’t grown up with the status-quo unchallenged. Kits who had fought hard for their educations who would jump at the chance at real meaningful work. You know what they say. If you build it they will come.
He could hear gun shots and the squealing of tires below him but he wasn't in a position where he could look so he could only hope that the goodnight juice had done its job and that now that his abductors had what they clearly wanted Happy was getting Pepper and Bruce the hell out of there.
“Honestly the man’s a little unhinged so he could be up to anything, but yeah that’s my fear.” Tony admitted.
It created a hive like drone. Steady. Meditative with the right mindset. And it was that sound (the soothing ambiance of breathing and mechanical hum) that he found a certain level of comfort in. It was the comfort of isolation, but isolation was necessary for somebody like him.
“You’re not hearing me Rogers." Natasha said very slowly. "When he trusts you, Tony will give you everything he thinks he can, but he will never give it all. Because he believes he is supposed to be the thing standing between you and the bitter end. You throw your shield to stop the bad guys. Tony will always throw himself."
"Bring them up JARVIS, and have Cap and Bruce meet us in the living room" Tony instructed calmly, his gaze hardening on the frozen images.
“I see Teacher has already told on you. Don’t worry, my little warrior, I will protect you from the wrath of our Queen.”
She sighs and gives up for the time being, but not before pleading that one day she hopes he understands.
"I've held one once or twice." Tony answered, and Natasha grinned, rushing at the guard on the left with a running leap and Tony took aim at the one on the right and shot him straight through the heart.
His parents come home a few days later. Tony is in the kitchen, helping Ana with dinner when Hughard storms in. His heart sinks into his stomach with anxiety when Hughard’s eyes lock on him, bright with anger as he barks, “Come here Tony, let me have a look at you.”
And I miss you, Tony thought, but he honestly wasn’t trying to put pressure on Steve so he kept the thought to himself. There was so much going on he didn’t blame either one of them for getting lost in the soup. Steve seemed to really focus on him and a slow smile, much more genuine than the last, creeped over his face as he leaned close.
“I was harder on you than was probably fair. You have an entire nation that is depending on you, not to mention loyalty to your Pride. Besides,” Tony grinned. “Nothing settles a bruised ego like a good old fashioned fight. Can’t say I wasn’t thrilled when you offered to be my punching bag.”
Tony fisted his hands snarling in irritation as he read the message over again.  His first instinct was to think the prince was being condescending and calling him a reckless idiot, but his gut told him differently. T’Challa, even back when he was pretending to be a lowly medical aide, had never met Tony with anything but the frank expectation that he was a capable leader and would act accordingly. He wasn’t always gentle with censure when Tony dipped into the sort of behavior Pepper and Rhodey had always coined childish, but in a lot of ways Tony preferred that to the way his two oldest friends tended to coddle him.
Shit. A blast from Stark’s gauntlets slams him off his feet and sends him skidding across the floor.
“So… to begin, I think if there’s anything important we want to say to each other…” Bruce scratched the scruff on his chin kind of sheepishly and Tony felt a rush of affection for him.
He had no time to puzzle it out because these kids were fast, and they didn’t waste a single moment.
Tony doesn’t like to admit it (even to himself) but he was young enough once, that his mind didn’t terrify him. Young enough not to know the full extent of its power… or for that matter, it’s brokenness.
The summer villa is home. It’s perched near the top of a great hill so that from the rear they can see the mountains reaching up into the sky, and the front looks out over the farms that bleed down into the city center just before it meets the glittering turquoise sea.
“Push honey, for the baby.” Howard leans over her, stroking her brow with desperate tenderness and her eyes fix on him like a laser, bright and fevered, and quicker than a blink she turns and bites him, teeth sinking deep and drawing blood.
While Clint seemed fine with lazing in his bed now that he was in the comfort of his own space, she'd known Steve wouldn't be. It hadn't even been two days and according to him he was healed enough to lose the bandages and get back to work.
“Got it doc.” Tony relented with a sigh. “No more parties or spontaneous bonding until I’ve got this psychic thing under control.”
“My distinguished friend with the jam mustache is right,” she teased gently, pushing her own napkin toward him. “You guys heard what the Builders said. Incursions happen when two universes collide. Earth is the collision point, so if you destroy one earth you save both universes. That’s why they detonated earth 1204.”
And this was why Tony had no trouble believing Bruce would make an excellent dad. He didn't have a shameless bone in his body and already had that 'in this family we hug it out' rumpled dad look going for him. Tony had been thinking a lot about the vision he'd had and what Bruce had told him about his. Imagining Bruce with a mate and kits of his own just did funny things to Tony. Nobody deserved it more and Tony wanted so badly to promise that it would happen.
But you’d both agree, Captain Rogers, that that’s exactly what the government designed your team to be?
Steve hit the bridge running, shield in front and his eyes fixed on Bruce at the top of the long metal column that stood for the castle mound.
Point of fact, Steve likes to take care of people. Tony knew that before, but it’s the difference between knowing and
"Is that your way of dodging the question Debar? It's not very good. JARVIS how are we on the CAT-MAN algorithm?"
Those butterflies in Tony's stomach had turned to galloping horses by the time he met Steve in the garage just a little after nine pm that night. Per Steve's instructions he'd dressed down in a very date appropriate sweater and jeans (Balmain because he was one of the few designers who accounted for no two tails being exactly alike when designing pants for Gata, that and Pepper always said the black pair did fantastic things for his ass).
And why should he be embarrassed? They’re his equals after all. The only difference between him and them is he gets paid for the use of his body.
In which the Avengers answer a distress call to Washington and everything is not at all what it appears to be on the surface. But this is Tony's life we're talking about so what else is new.
That ought to make the people on capitol hill happy Steve thought, because it was just the sort of thing they liked. The chance for big press and to look like the good guys when really Stark Industries had done all the work and would foot the bill while the community got its feet under it. They'd see it as harmless. Why not let the discards go off and play at being Quakers when they got free economic production out of it. They'd probably want to take advantage of it once they realized, like they did with the labor camps, but Steve knew Tony would never allow that to happen.
So it turns out that Tony has the ability to plant suggestions into people’s minds, so that they can’t tell their desires from his. He can manipulate memories and brain patterns, so that people forget what their kids look like or suffer violent strokes just because he’d like them to. The jury is out on whether that makes him a monster, but according to Xavier there’s like a telepath code that helps them preserve their humanity as well as their sanity.
Sweet. Bruce would call it, but never to Tony's face. He said a thousand words a minute but the most important language Tony used wasn't a spoken one. It was in the things he gave. The gifts, the AI's, the robots, the habitats, the safe houses, the armors, the clean energy sources, the bigger brighter safer world. The future.
He didn’t know why Hydra wanted her and he hadn’t asked when the phone call had come in. That wasn’t his place. It was dangerous enough that the questions were dancing around on his tongue.
“People do things, sometimes violent things when they feel it’s the right thing. Like the police who protect the city, and the Avengers.” Tony said, and Peter thought, like
Though Bruce wasn't touching him he'd followed Natasha so that the team was no longer spread around the table but clustered together, Thor on Tony's left and he and Natasha standing behind, with Pepper on the right.
Steve nodded agreeably, and turned with Tony toward the doors while Clint quipped something about not believing that that Tony was giving up an opportunity to be irritating.
This Sunday: So Tony slept with Steve and it was awesome, but Bruce is worried he might be pregnant and this is slightly less awesome (maybe). And you know, Tony always thought he'd be the one freaking out about an oops baby, but he's got nothing on Steve. Maybe they should talk about that? But, Pepper keeps inviting T'Challa over for playdates because Tony suddenly sucks at diplomacy, and yeah it's irritating how easy he just charms his way back into his friend's good graces, but at least that bet he makes with Clint means Tony gets a chance to kick his ass in the name of protecting team honor. The Avengers (minus Hulk and Thor because fairness or something) against one Black Panther, it's no contest.
Pro Tip: Phil Coulson acts like he's a professional but secretly he's still a kid in a beaver hat somewhere in bum-fuck Wisconsin and it's 1974.  If your name is Steve Rogers he IS watching you sleep. You're not imagining it.
But in quiet moments he hears his teacher and reminds himself that there is no shame in the searching, even still.
Natasha was going to kill him he thought as he hit the wall behind the counter with a painful thud, barely having enough presence of mind to tuck into a ball and roll closer to the counter before the world around him exploded in heat and flame.
Tony would bet good money that little square was the base for whatever powered the shield and allowed it to latch to the kid’s wrist. This time he shot a couple bursts of pure energy at the guy, ignoring the slight stinging sensation it left in his palms. The suit filtered out the smell of burned flesh and extremis and the nanobots within his system would see the exit wound healed in under a minute. The pain was already fading.
T’Challa let go of the hand he held and backed away. Tony couldn’t seem to help the way his body seemed to mourn the loss of contact but it and the strange longing he felt as he watched T’Challa exit from the room befuddled him.
T’Challa strode toward him, gate smooth and confident, gaze landing immediately on Tony’s feet smudging the glass table top and frowned.
"They are Queensgaurd," Thor answered even as Odin moved away from the edge with a frown of displeasure and called out to the guardsmen.
He wanted to be able to close his eyes to sleep without worrying that Pepper was going to come running in telling him that AIM, Stone, or some other bastards had broken down his door and stolen his people while he slept. He wanted a government that wouldn’t just sit idly by if that happened and dish out a check to his assistant for her property loss.
"I'd like to know that as well." Phil piggybacked onto the question. "As Tony's handler within SHIELD I should have been informed."
Once he’d actually met Tony his confidence in the whole thing had wavered because it had looked like his worst fears had come true, Stark was all the worst parts of his father and none of the good.
The insurgents who robbed Oscorp and then ViXon were highly trained operatives who showed quite clearly that they were capable of reason and more to the point, mercy. They chose not to kill, even though it would have been easy to do.
Clint still didn’t trust SHIELD the way he trusted Natasha, the way he trusted Phil. There was nothing he could do to get rid of the fear in the back of his mind that everything wouldn’t be taken away (that Natasha or Phil wouldn’t one day walk away like Barney had, or be taken away).
No, it hadn’t been. But MiKall had been treated well, loved dearly, and what heaviness there must have been in her heart from being separated from her kin she’d kept between herself and her sister.
Normally the idea of parenthood is enough to send him running for the hills, and then thoughts of realistic application is enough to have him researching ways to sterilize himself, because under no circumstances will he have progeny in a world where he can bring a life into it, but that life will never belong to itself.
After that dick measuring contest T’Challa and Steve had treated them all too? No way. Team Wakanda was itching to show their stuff and they didn’t want anyone to say they couldn’t have done it without help.
“Been colder. We used to sit on the roof of our old building, Bucky and I, to look at the stars. Was the only place in the whole building it felt like you could get some privacy.”
But that night when he made his way to the rooftop he was surprised to find the secluded little spot already occupied.
Jaime, he thought, the faceless children taking shape in his mind, becoming the ones he’d seen in his dreams. Jaime with Steve’s blue eyes and stubborn mouth. Nyota, spunky and quick witted, quick to find mischief, bold and brave like her namesake and full of sarcasm and a thirst for adventure.  She was so much like T’Challa Tony realized sadly, that ache of longing only deepening within his chest.
"My suit absorbs energy. I could feel the vibrations when you placed it. That and you seemed more willing than usual to let me hold you."
Tony rubbed the back of Bruce’s hand and tried to steady his own breathing. He kept a firm smile of encouragement on his face as they began.
But a moment later Natasha's alarm turned to dread because two more familiar faces stepped into view.
“It’s good work kid,” Tony assured, scratching between the boy’s ears. “But just a thought, it’s probably a little embarrassing for the captain being psychoanalyzed in front of everybody. I know it’s easy to get excited about new ideas but you’ve gotta consider people’s feelings too.”
He could actually hear it humming in the center of his chest and was tempted to laugh. Guess there was no escaping the whole heart made of meta and gears thing now.
She’d grabbed him, held him by the throat and threatened to crush it if he didn’t surrender himself and come out of the suit.
And speaking of Pepper, that was the moment the original bossy red head in charge of cramming good sense into his skull, decided to put in her two cents.
He didn't realize that he was purring by the time they finally rolled to a stop in front of an unassuming hole in the wall in the middle of some borough that was decidedly not Uptown Manhattan, until Steve cut off the engine and the sound suddenly seemed glaringly loud despite the low thud of music coming from the basement of the building.
Tony ignored her in favor of the excitable child in front of him and focusing on their pressing predicament.
Tony is nine when his tutor makes him eat soap after he starts reciting the entire textbook in Latin.
"And I'm not saying that to put more pressure on you. I'm sorry I lost sight of what's really important to me. I just wanted you to understand the why part."
“That goes for you too Tony,” she warned archly before taking Rhodey’s offered hand and exiting the limo. Happy was coming around to the passenger side to open doors and Tony put on his game face.
Clint didn’t think Tony was going to answer but his ears still strained after a reply, tension coiling tightly in his body as the seconds ticked by.
He stopped on the communal floor, thinking of making himself the sleep tea he liked, and he blinked, semi-startled to find that somebody else was up, though honestly, it wasn't that unusual.
“A clatter is like a big noise.” He explained, “It’s a super stuck up way of saying something heavy hit the roof, only don’t say it like that unless you want people to think you’re either a tool bag or a geriatric citizen.”
“In some ways…” Steve began, eyes still searching Tony’s for answers that he didn’t have. Something he saw there must have made him lose heart for it because he choked on the end of one sentence and began another. “But not the way it should be. People haven’t changed as much as they should have. You were right.”
"Are you in pain? Did I hurt you? You've gotta grow some thicker skin Debar if you wanna win in the big leagues. You should hear the stupid jokes I throw at Rhodey."
“Be that as it may, Sir, you did promise to take caution. Perhaps it would be prudent to seek professional advice on the matter?”
It amazed Tony, that someone so physically intimidating could look so small. His posture hunched, hands tucked under his arms, Steve took a forceful swallow. He finally turned and looked at Tony and when he did, it was like a punch to the gut.
He’d do it again. Marilyn was ages older than him, pushing forty to his thirteen, but she was kind. Talked him through the whole thing and even cuddled him after.
It was impossible. It didn’t make any sense, but the evidence was playing out right there in front of all of their eyes. Somebody had managed to successfully create a Gata strike team and somebody (maybe not even the same people) had stolen his technology right out from under him.
He’ll remember how strong she was, how each of her blows rattle through him, but he’ll say this for pure rage, it makes him stronger. She won’t beat him because if he has to die it’s going to be with his teeth buried in her throat and that’s that.
“You know you’re setting a bad example for Clint." Her hands were gentle as she slowly unwrapped the tender flesh. It was soft and pink with newness, a stark contrast to the angry and blackened blisters that had marred him only days ago.
Tony expected to have to explain the reference, but it was his turn to be surprised because the tom seemed to get it immediately, one dark eyebrow arching high as he asked with an edge of wariness, "You  would do to this man as Bastet did to the lords of Nhemia? What has he done?"
He didn't resent her for it, really. He just hated the feeling of helplessness that followed each event and the emotional exhaustion it left them both in.
Next up, a door has opened in the soldier's mind and this annoying asshole Tony keeps walking through it. Ivan is supposed to kill Nick Fury and launch Project Oversight, but Tony keeps bringing up shit that doesn't matter like hot dogs. Wanda says there's a man inside his head, camped out like those martians Bucky used to read about in books he used to read. Who the hell is Bucky anyway?
Given her clearly mixed heritage it was harder for Tony to suss out her parentage with only a single vision to go on, but it was the name that gave the game away. Tony couldn't get past the fact that besides himself he couldn't think of a single person other than Bruce with a big enough nerd streak and a love for Star Trek to name their daughter after the brilliant and just generally awesome Lieutenant Uhura.
Given that Bruce had a feral monster living inside him that threatened to come leaping out every time his adrenaline spiked, you’d think that he would be firmly against the whole living amongst ferals and pride bonding thing.
The kid didn’t answer right away, though he did inch forward again until he was at the edge of the hayloft and Tony noticed that there was some form of box fort behind him.
“The sites secure.” Natasha assured him, a knowing smile somewhere in the gleam of her green eyes. “Once you get Jarvis installed up there we'll have twenty-four-hour surveillance."
They might get away with adding new additions for a year or two but sooner or later some asshole in Washington was going to realize what was growing under their noses, but by then Tony will have tied them up in so much red tape they wouldn’t be able to scratch their asses without his permission. The best part was it was going to be their own greed, their own desire for more and more weapons that was going to path the way.
"I have no idea what drove you to sign up for this gig Rogers. Maybe you just want to support a good cause or maybe you just want to defend the delusion of American moral superiority, whatever, it's your prerogative. Mine is to fight for Gata." He finished with finality. There wouldn't be any mistake from now on about what his intentions were, and if Fury or Steve failed to take him seriously and get the hell out of his way that was their own problem.
“He belonged to Norman Osborne, but Osborne gave you over to the care of your aunt and uncle.” Tony stated factually, and Peter blinked in surprise. How had Mr. Stark known that? His wariness must have shown on his face because Tony gave him a very serious look and said. “I look into everyone who comes to work for me Peter. Especially those I intend to work closely with.”
It made sense to Clint. Fragile building, a few hundred possible civilian casualties. Confined space. Not the best setting for a Hulk rampage.
It wasn't news to Tony or anyone paying attention to world politics that the UN had reached out to Wakanda.
"My mess? Lets talk about how those bastards knew I'm going into heat!" he damned, nails digging into the table.
Cause there they all are, Senator Stern, General Ross, Nick Fury and a dozen other important so and sos behind them. And they put on professional faces and everybody shakes hands and smiles for cameras but he can see it in their eyes how hungry they are. How smug. It’s in the way Ross’s eyes track over their bodies, lingering longest on Bruce. He doesn’t see people but tools, and he’s oh so confident that things are going his way. They all are.
He could have said that even when other kats couldn’t necessarily tell the difference that he always could, because people tended to carry their parent’s signatures and perhaps it was an aspect of Tony’s biological imprint, but he’d always been adept at unraveling the parts of a scent and understanding the code therein (when he bothered to that is, he is distracted often by bigger things like Stark Industries and saving the world from alien invasion).
"But if I had a custom made, nap designated bed, I might." Tony reasoned. "I could sleep more. Everybody says so."
The pull of them in his mind was stronger than it ever had been as if their pain had somehow hit a panic button and there are signals flashing in his brain going: URGENT.
Could Tony even find the words to begin explaining what Tiberius Stone had done to him, and why the grisly thought of ripping off heads got decidedly less grisly the longer he contemplated the two together?
What was there to say at this point? Rallying himself Tony swallowed back the bitter retort that wanted to leap off his tongue because (what even was the point, and) he was supposed to be winning the man’s confidence and forming an alliance. Not antagonizing him.
With a snarl he refocused, bringing another blow down upon the shield his opponent still held high in defense, twisting to sweep his leg under his unsuspecting foe and knock the kat off their feet. Ivan turned again, stomping on the hand already reaching for its fallen shield and twisting one last time to kick his foe’s helmeted head. Twice for good measure. The armor was too good to break, but no matter how good it was, nothing could prevent the man inside from being rattled like a marble in a jar from the force of the blow.  Ivan ignored his adversary’s shout of pain, snatching up the fallen disk with the intent of bringing it down and cutting through the they wore armor. But almost the second his fingers brushed against it, the strange metal disc began to retract into itself until there was nothing left in Ivan’s hand but a small non-assuming hub.
[to Stark] He’s a protective one isn’t he? It must be nice having Captain America for a mate. There are a lot of jealous kittens out there I’m sure.
“Mr. Stark. Can you stand?” the unfamiliar kat asked in a gentler tone, his dark eyes staring deeply into Tony’s. They were calm and still with an almost discomforting depth to them, that made Tony think of falling into wells or going through portals into vast space.
What happened as a result was hard to put into words. At first Tony only felt resistance like he was pushing uselessly against a wall. Then he felt a strange stinging sensation shoot across his sinuses – not overly painful, but enough to make him back hastily away. He swore he could hear the distant echo of laughter, as if someone floors up had left a television on.
"Good for him." Clint growled. "I'm sorry for what those bastards did, but I'm not sorry he took care of you."
Steve wasn’t the only one completely shocked by that. Clint barked a laugh, and Natasha’s lips curled upward in a smug smirk.
“Sure you’re comfortable leaving them alone?” Clint asked, surprised that Tony would even make such a move.
Steve lunged out into the open again and hurling the disk.  It struck the top of the post Clint was standing on, forcing him to abandon it or risk losing his balance.
Natasha's voice floated quietly through his mind and Tony frowned in worry as he felt her pulling away from him.
“His Highness and Charlies scariest angels would like to make a fresh start with us and have suggested the time honored tradition of punching it out. We do need their help so, I think we should consider it.”
If there’s one thing Tony doesn’t like it’s being played with. The fuckers in the white house and on his Board of Directors might like to think he’s a toy, but that just makes chewing them up and spitting them back out ten times more enjoyable. So was this.
Because that’s what heroes did and they thought it was more important to be heroes than to be her parents. Well screw that. They were about to know how wrong they were.
Uncle Steve would have hated it, she thought with a fleeting smirk. But it was too painful to think about her aunts and uncles, and the family she might never see again, except for in pale imitation.
“They were kats. Black kats.” Peter admitted quietly, shoulders slumping. Feral kats, like Peter. Like Tony. Dangerous.
Normally Tony would have gotten defensive about that expression, about how necessary it had been to leave a trail of destruction behind him (as always seemed to be the case) but today he just didn’t care. They’d gotten exactly what they’d deserved (what anyone who dared try it again was going to get) and he didn’t regret a single moment of it. Tony met Steve’s gaze unflinchingly, unrepentant for how feral he must look in his blood stains and battle scars. For the first time that he could remember it was Captain America who looked away first, eyes flicking downward before sliding toward the hole where the front door used to be where Harley had appeared, calling Tony’s name anxiously.
"It is old magic. The secret to its beginning lost, but each of us are born capable of wielding it. We spend many years teaching our kits and they can not be considered true adults until they have learned."
Shaking his head Luke tore his eyes from the screen to meet Tony's gaze once more, the flecks of color in his irises glinting in the pale blue light as he smiled at Tony, something very soft in his tone as he said, "I am only remembering that my father warned me many times, that pride often comes before the fall."
It’s a cleanup job mostly. Tony had already decimated most of the enemy by the time they’d even landed so that when SHIELD formed a perimeter and Clint and the others came marching in, there are guys in rubber suits literally crying uncle and begging to be arrested.
“If either mother should dissent to the union then the decision is left to the Queen after hearing their case. So it is a formality more than anything, because the union would not be happening if they had not already sought the blessing of the Queen.”
Okay, so maybe he had been a touch moved by the big brown eyes and the whole warrior tom schtick and was just a tad resentful. A tad.
"But I am not someone who fears a challenge. Even the challenges of the unknown." Luke stated decisively, his familiar confidence back in full force as he smiled down at Tony, practically oozing that particularly special brand of arrogance reserved for toms who thought they were all that and a bag of chips (or Captain America as the case sometimes was). "I'm at your service Mr. Stark. Use me however you'd like."
"There are eight bottles of cream in the fridge, Stark" they all turned at the sound of Natasha's voice as she and Steve walked into the living room. Natasha crossed over to the couch and tapped Tony's leg, waiting imperiously until he heaved a put-upon sigh and lifted them so that she could squeeze between Clint and Bruce.
Thinking of his brother never failed to ignite a hollow ache in Thor’s chest, the throb of a wound unhealed, but it would have done them both dishonor not to think of him at Yuletide, so it was not a pain without some sweetness. He hoped that Loki would relent some of his bitterness and allow their mother to visit him in his cell. If he would but show a little remorse, Mother could perhaps convince their father to allow him to join the festivities.
Riri was her girl, through thick and thin, but she’d never let Nyota live it down. Ever since that tiny incident when she’d bit Anna Jones after she’d bragged to everyone how Jaime had complimented her stupid new bow, Riri liked to act like trying to gnaw another little girls face off meant Nyota had some giant crush on him or something. She’d been seven okay!
Good thing too because a moment later the shield erupted out of the adjacent wall like something out of a horror film, not an inch away from where Tony had been a moment before. Tony was already on the attack. He’d noticed the metallic band on the guy’s right wrist, and the small square plate in the center where a silver hub had once rested. It looked eerily similar in design to a wireless charging dock he was in the middle of developing for the latest Stark Phone.
and free… Well, as free as a Gata was ever free to be. The Ivan she’d shared with him was a different man. So much so that Tony had failed to recognize him even when he’d glimpsed Steve’s memories of Bucky.
Tony was starting to understand why this girl called to him so strongly. It was same calling to same. They carried the same burdens and it also seemed that it had somehow, or another fallen on both their shoulders to be the fixers. When he looked in her eyes this time around, he saw the iron in her core and it was Tony’s nature to want to shape.
The sight of a truck coming down the curved dirt road could very well have been a mirage or a symptom of the heat stroke that Tony was sure he was having but fuck if he cared. He’d been stranded on the side of the road for an hour going on six years with no sign of another soul. And while he may have managed to forget to check the car for a spare when he’d picked it up from the rental, he hadn’t forgotten how remote the back roads were around here. Here being the bumfuck middle of nowhere Georgia.
It was amazing to her how wounded he could manage to sound around those words, and still have the courage to ask them. But perhaps it was easier for him than for a man like the Colonel. He wasn't a company man, despite the uniform. Steve's faith was in people.
Impressively Princess ignored the only human in the room as well as the intimidating lump of muscle staring hungrily at her in favor of greeting Tony with cool unflappable professionalism that would have brought tears of pride to Pepper’s eyes. Tony relaxed a little bit, but kept a close watch on Andre out of the corner of his eye.
“You wanna tell me what that was about?” Steve bent to murmur in his ear, mindful of the curious gazes that were following them. He smiled when his lips grazed its fuzzy tip and Tony shivered.
"No, but he did mention they'd try and corrupt our minds. I suppose when you can make what hunts you go insane there isn't that much to fear." Natasha said and a fretful silence descended for a moment or two.
Thor sniffed, a trickle of irritation winding through him. Typical Midgardian. The ornaments were little characters of the volstags that pulled Thor’s chariot back home, carved by Asgard's finest woodsmith and they were treasures. The actual beasts had been a much-beloved gift from Loki when they were just old enough to start adventuring away from home and which made their likeness all the more precious.
She and cap had been on a mission for SHIELD as part of a new strike team that Fury had put together. They looked a bit jet lagged but weren't sporting any injuries that Bruce could see with the naked eye. But despite looking like he could use a sit-down Steve didn't venture further into the room.
T’Challa’s dark serious face broke in a small smile that to Steve reeked of smugness. The guy had known just how hard to hit to get his point across. He could have made Steve bleed, but by grace alone he wasn’t.
Above them, flashes of blue and red light cut through the rising fog of gas, as the fight on the fourth level continued. The woman they’d caught on the security footage and the Gata mercenary who had interrupted her attempt at abduction had been enhanced, both displaying a power unlike anything ever observed in Gata or humans before. Tony just hoped Steve and Clint would be able to handle whatever they found up there.
. They wouldn’t remember any of this. Their history would have been rewritten. A whole new reality born from the ashes of the old.
“That’s a good word. Keener, give me a spelling.” Steve prompted and Harley, who was currently polishing off what looked like the last strip of black peppered bacon from the early breakfast Bruce had whipped together for everyone, mumbled through a full mouth.
It was no wonder because every movement the strange kat made was viciously quick and brutal in force. Tony had no doubt that the tom could cut his way through six more rounds of security forces and not so much as need to take a breath. And he was sure it was another kat that or the equally swift and cutting motions of his tail, which seemed to be lined with metal barbs, were some of the best robotics Tony had ever seen in his life and he wasn't actually sure which one he'd prefer.
The probability that Clint would have made some sort of culinary disaster and would come whining to Bruce for help around dinner time was 11.7% based off of the rotation schedule that Coulson had put together for the kitchen – because feeding them all was a chore, and if shared meals was going to be the norm, Coulson was all about making it efficient.
Killian was quick though, leaping to land next to Tony before he could scramble back to his feet and crashing a heavy boot down against his chest.
“Keep walking Stark.” She finally murmured so lowly that he doubted someone without kat ears would have heard her before her words were whisked away by the wind.
There were fireworks going off in Tony’s brain and not just the sexy kind. The sexy part - the part of him that lost his breath as Steve pushed him back against the roof ledge and practically purred at the hard press of muscle against his – that part almost made it impossible to focus on anything else. Because Steve kissed like he was waging war, like he didn't know how to do anything else, and thrilling as that was Tony wondered what it would be like to make him go slow, to teach him how two bodies could dance without touching the floor.
“Aye, volstag are particularly fond of mistletoe berries and chilled evergreen needles.” Thor added, grinning as Tony’s expression got more and more finished (as Jane liked to put it). “Here on Midgard there is no time a year for them like Yule.”
But Tony and Pepper had kept things running along smoothly and the mood had stayed happy and light despite the unavoidable reminders of how the residents here were used to going without. The adults had gotten as much of a kick at seeing the Avengers dressed up as the kits had and everywhere he looked there were rosy cheeks and laughing eyes, even on the shiest of them.
He's fifteen when he figures out what the big deal with sex is. But those are other memories for other times.
"It was a joke big guy." He sighed, mustering a sincere if somewhat brief smile. "Congratulations you two. Really. "
“But the thing I can’t get out of my head is, at least Clint came clean. You could have told me all this when you knew the jig was up but you didn’t. You just left.”
Nothing stressed a bond like being shot by your own mate. Or having one mate try and kill the other he supposed. And now Steve was in a coma and his serum enhanced brain would be leaning on his closest bonds for strength in order to heal; but that wasn’t Tony it was Barnes.
Some irrational part of him didn’t care that the wires T’Challa was hooking up to Tony served a purpose, only that Tony was in danger, about to be hurt, and that those hands were helping. A nudge here, a gentle stroke there. Those hands were touching what they had no right to touch.
“His hair is longer now” she commented idly as if the man’s hair style were the most important change of note, her gaze softening with sympathy as Steve sucked in a shuddering breath.  “But that’s Ivan.”
“Hey Tony, tell this guy how fast the average kat heals.” Clint said, and Tony could only presume he meant tell medi-kat because Rhodey definitely knew already, what with how often Tony managed to injure himself. Not that it made much sense for the medic not to know either.
Tony had to fight a blush as the kit stumbled over the words. Steve’s eyebrows arched as the kid blathered on.
"Fine, I'll run it by them. But only because you asked so pretty. Nice touch with the pheromones back there by the way. Bet the kittens back home just love you." Tossing his tool kit aside on the workbench, Tony's mind was already turning toward the next big thing. "I've got a project on my back burner I  should get back to."
Steve gripped her wrist and pulled her hand away, and Natasha thought on all the strength in those hands. How easily they could be turned against flesh to crack and bruise, and yet they could touch now with such deceptive gentleness.
A line that had something to do with Luke Debar, because it was no coincidence that he was carrying around a replica of Bastet's stone. The Nehe Stone.
Natasha’s response didn’t exactly absolve Tony of his fear or his guilt, but its simple practicality did resolve him to the necessity of it.
“Awesome. So I know this is the part where you tell me it was for my own good and blah blah blah, but let’s skip directly to the part where I feed you back your balls. Here’s what I want.” Tony leaned forward in his chair, his smile still firmly in place. “I want direct contact with whoever is doing the negations between you and the King. You and the World Security Council are going to pull out all of your little feelers and leave me and my team to handle the negotiations.”
Steve and Tony are going to usher us through the Winter Soldier arc, and then Tony and Bucky are going to dance us through Age of Ultron, and finally T'challa and Tony are going to take us through Civil War. I really like what I've planned for Pride Avengers and Tony's development as a Queen through those arcs and of course hope that you do to.
But the itch of not being close enough, of leaving them vulnerably unbonded, was distracting and only growing stronger by the day.
"Stark!" A sharp forceful voice barked, and Tony stiffened, ears going erect and hair-raising as the air clouded thickly with the unmistakable scent of pissed off tom about to lose his shit.
Tony eyed the two of them as they made what should have been a completely normal interaction seem strangely intimate. He felt like he’d intruded on something private and when he caught Bruce’s eye and the tom quirked a baffled brow, he knew he wasn’t alone in the feeling.
The kit enters the corner store, and Mr. Allen looks up as the bell above the door jingles and smiles at him, but the kit’s eyes immediately go to the kat who is perched upon Mr. Allen’s counter. He is out of place, not just because Mr. Allen only has one kat, a tom named Marilyn, but because this kat has pedigree written all over him. He doesn’t belong in a little corner store in Brooklyn.
It’s not that long though before Tony’s figured out how the tools work and he’s never been that content with sitting.
“You are an exceptional rarity in the world Mr. Stark. But you’re not perfect. None of the gata are. You’ve been broken down, chipped away at over the centuries, and now you are not even capable of fulfilling the purpose of your design are you?” Killian was saying as he leaned over Tony once more, hand trailing down the smooth plane of his chest and lips curling into a smile as Tony tensed, the acrid smell of fear filling the air as the man’s fingers brushed against the edge of the arc reactor.
He'd still forgotten it and would have missed it altogether if JARVIS hadn't shut down all his running projects and powered down all of his monitors an hour before they were to leave.
“Do we know what their target is?” Steve was asking, and there was a crackle on Coulson’s end of the radio before the agent’s voice filled the jet speakers.
So he’s only been dating Steve Rogers for a week. It has been an excellent week mind you. An A+ week in anyone’s book. He’s been attentive. He knew for sure because he’d only missed JARVIS’ set reminder once due to engineering zone out. The handy alarm is a great reminder to ask himself “Have you spent at least sixty uninterrupted minutes with Steve today?” and if the answer is no, to fix that quick.
Peter swung onto the rooftop a moment later and thirty seconds after that the door to the stairwell was kicked out and Steve appeared shield raised and at the ready. He lowered it slightly when he took in Peter and Tony standing alone.
“You helped us in a tight spot son, and we’re grateful, but the Avengers are a team. If you really want to be a part of it, the first rule of teamwork is listening to your teammates.” He scolded in that ‘Captain America disapproves’ tone that could wilt flowers. “Tony asked you to stay on the bench. Having an untrained wild card appear on the field disrupts the entire team. You could have caused more harm by showing up than you realize.”
Neither it or the playroom that Hughard builds him full of mechanical toys that click and whir as their pistons and cogs move so that Tony can finally go to sleep without crawling into bed with them.
He reminded himself that he'd well and truly signed up for this. Sometimes knowing what you wanted and being ready for it were wildly different things, but they were past the point of balking about it now. Tony had made his demands of them, and they'd done their best to meet them. He had to meet them half way.
His whole body perked to attention like they were taking roll call in gym class and his heart pounded just as nervously as if coach was about to single him out, except this time he
The soldier slashes angrily and the room around them shakes all the harder. But it’s clearer now, Tony realizes with elation. Light seeping into the corners as it gets somehow realer and realer around them. Tony can feel the soldier now, his thoughts insistently frantic but ungraspable. Like the buzz of an insect he couldn’t find to swat.
He heard Steve chuckle behind him, felt the warmth of his mirth bubbling over the link already so much stronger between their minds. Someday soon they’d be fully bonded Tony thought with eager anticipation, but right now he had to somehow keep a thirteen-year-old kit who refused to stay down from getting himself killed.
“You mean she can see him through it?” Coulson asked, surprise and a mild note of unease creeping into his tone. Steve couldn’t help but feel a similar worry. Had the Queen of the Panther Pride been watching them all this time? Plotting and planning without their knowledge?
Natasha was struggling, because whatever version of extremis Killian had been dousing himself with he'd obviously saved the best stuff for himself because his skin was glowing and the strength he was displaying was incredible.
“Some would say our entire relationship is indecent,” he remarked dryly, curious what Mrs. Fujikawa had made of the news circulating about their relationship.
He wasn't perfect at it yet, but there were fewer and fewer Hulk related incidents these days, and none that had occurred outside an official Avengers call so... progress.
“Can’t even look me in the damn eye. Look at me you fucking pussy!” Mr. Banner roars, his fist crashing into the wall beside their head.
And it goes like that, from small to big to small again. Running from Brian and running from Howard. Playing in the park with Mama and reading to Becca with pride in the dark as she claps and calls them a regular Einstein.
“Kinky. Now that you’ve seen the preview do you want to revisit your ‘I don’t sleep with men whose names end in Stark’ policy, Romanov?” He preened, laughing as Natasha laser eyed him.
He actually pretended to read the damn thing, even flipping over to the next page before he finally settled back in his chair and announced, “The doctor is still projecting two to three weeks for your burns to heal. No miraculous change. Bandages stay on and physical activity will be minimal, Barton."
“But then you crashed that plane into the artic which was pretty awesome, so you actually got ahead for a little bit, and then like a bajallion years passed and you should have gotten one point for each of those years but you were asleep so you missed them. And, this is the good part Tony look, the first thing he did when he woke up was join the Avengers and fight those aliens.” Harley looked over at Steve but didn’t seem to notice how stiff the atmosphere had gotten or the way the captain’s smile had faded.
So this chapter didn't have a lot of Thor in it because Tony had some important pieces to push into motion but next up : It's Christmas and since Tony's fairly certain it's his last he just wants to spend it in peace, but Harley wants to build a snowman and the villains seem to be doing Holiday overtime. Catman keeps showing up and the only one more depressed than Tony this Christmas might actually be Steve. Turns out that 'Yule time'  is a pretty big deal for a certain thunder god and none of it will do. If ever Tony thought Thor was more brawn than brain, well he'd stand corrected.
"Their tests are designed to stop you from ever reaching the gate, and when you do walk through the doors of their classrooms you will be marginalized, ostracized, and unfairly scrutinized. No one will wonder why your scores are lower, your attitude always labeled combatant, and when you are dropped from their programs they will say it was because you never had any business being there in the first place.
“There is no kitty corner skipping," Tony insisted. Across from Steve, one metal finger on the hand of the robotic arm attached to a mannequin (with a Crayola drawn face thanks to Harley) jabbed a finger at the board where Steve had attempted to wiggle out of losing one of his pieces by making an illegal jump.
He'd walked that road for years until the night he finally got picked up by SHEILD when one of Marko's jobs went bust. It was the run of the mill black market op. Transport goods across the city and if the feds show up take care of them.
And then without any further warning the tom struck. Damn it. The guy was fast, Steve cursed under his breath as he raised his shield a little too slow to avoid being clipped on the side of the head. It was all instinct after that, T’Challa didn’t give him space to breathe, barely a second to consider before he was darting in for the next strike, all fluid movement and feline grace.
“I knew that you wouldn’t miss the hunt!” The woman was saying as Thor, grinning broadly, swung her in a wide circle as if she weighed no more than a pillow.
“Fair enough. If it makes you feel better that’s not the worst name I’ve had to say with a straight face this week.”
They went down to the lab where Bruce was waiting. It was great and all, having a brain that could make swiss cheese out of others from across the globe but the implications of that were too grand for any scientist to allow it to go untested.
"Unfortunately finding my boss mixing his food and foreplay wouldn't even be on the top ten list of things I wish I'd never walked in on."
"Steve..." Tony's hand reached for his arm but the words wouldn't come. He'd never expected to hear something like that come out of Steve's mouth. His knee jerk response was to absolve him, to point out all the ways that he privately knew Steve to be wonderful and loving and so achingly good it was hard to stomach in the face of his own shortcomings.
His flesh jumped beneath her fingers as she trailed them down his ribcage, chasing away the disturbing memory with the solidity of the present. The past could not haunt you if you stayed in your present.
Even in his distress Tony had to marvel at the technology. The energy field was circular, about two and a half feet in diameter. The red and blue bands were actually constructed of multiple lasers that were projecting out of small spokes in the hub, that when spun at a high enough velocity created an impenetrable surface. For a moment Tony was reminded of Steve’s shield and he had the wild thought that whoever had designed the thing must have been a fan. Not to mention a genius. It was basically a lightsaber on crack. A lightsheild?
These were people who had never been tamed. Who had been passing down knowledge and fighting techniques for hundreds of years and took pride in their strengths. They weren’t burdened trying to be human. They were happy and comfortable in their difference and stronger for it.
She left it like that, like it was final and maybe someone else would have asked her how she was sure or tried to reassure her with some platitude about finding a tom of her own one day but it was so clear to Steve, in her finality, in the wound that she was allowing him to see. And she was
Excuse me Dr…. [pause] Trask? I’m not sure what you’ve heard but The Avengers are a voluntary critical response unit.
Yes, he volunteered willingly for the Avengers Pride project and he has absolutely no reservations about the potential expansion of the pride that the Resilience Reserve has opened up. It’s amazing that the shelter kats and others like them are going to get the chance to live out the rest of their lives in a peaceful and prosperous environment. Don’t you agree? (With a strong suggestion in tone that anyone who didn’t could just go ahead and find a bridge.)
"Actually I have no idea who I'm speaking to right now. Just a guy in a costume with some fancy gadgets who likes to show up late. Thank you for your help, but stay out of this."
Tony didn’t want Bruce to go, shuddered violently at the thought of letting any of these people touch him, but he bit back his protest and nodded numbly because he had no right.
A great cheer went up, mostly from Thor's countrymen who were probably just happy it was time to feast and that they were on the bride's team so they would be served by their guests. The Kǫtrdýr naturally grumbled, but Thor saw the one Tony had nicknamed Tigger glaring venomously their way.
That was the moment one of the Avengers jets chose to come speeding overhead and by the time Tony had pulled his eyes away from the incoming jet to glance back at him, the man in the Cat suit was gone like some sort of freaky Houdini.
As requested he’d brought his resume, a reference from his teacher (his current science teacher was awesome and a lot nicer than Mr. Hepburn had been) and an example of his work.  His web shooters were by far the thing he was most proud of, and he really wanted to show Mr. Stark what he’d done but he knew that was too risky.
“And the nightmares. Have you had any more of them?” Tony prodded gently and the smile turned wan as Steve shrugged and glanced away.
Steve vocalized Tony’s unspoken thoughts and the engineer nodded in agreement quipping, “Although it’s redundant and not technically correct, I agree with Clint that saber-knife is still a cooler name.”
He’d known even before they hit the back porch because that strange tickle in his head had kicked up again and he’d just sort of felt the presence of the satellite dish, and the television someone had left on in an upstairs bedroom and the coffee maker which was sitting on standby in the kitchen. The connection was getting stronger, Tony realized fearfully. It was becoming a battle for which was harder to ignore, the humming of the machines or the minds of others.
She looked over at Amory, who was still watching and waiting for her permission, and flashed him a grin.
Even though every second was a kind of torture, Tony was kind of grateful that she didn’t answer too quickly. They both knew what was at stake here, and what was really being asked. It wasn’t about sides. It wasn’t even about who loved who or how much. It was about Pride. As Queen he had to know who was his, who would be standing with him, right or wrong, come hell or high water. It was Tony’s personal responsibility to know when he’d fucked up and to do something about it. But it was also his responsibility to carry the pride, and only that kind of devotion would give him the strength to shoulder the burden of thousands of lives stacked upon his shoulders year after year.
“Oh gee, this is so embarrassing but wouldn’t you know, my dance card is already full.” He turned his head pointedly to look back at Steve who was watching them from across the room as if he expected the tom to suddenly go on attack. Tony’s smile softened with fondness as Cap’s eyes met his questioningly and he tossed the blond a reassuring wink.  Steve smiled in relief and started to make his way toward them. Heat twisted low in Tony’s belly.
“Tony, are you alright? Can you speak?” Steve demands, hands gently cradling Tony as the room comes back into focus and slowly the pressure inside Tony’s skull receded.
“That’s heartwarming coming from you Stone. Is there anything else you or Ms. Hansen can tell us about AIM?” Rhodes asked and Hansen dug in her shoulder bag before extracting a small flash drive. She got up to give it to Stark but Natasha intercepted her, extending her hand with an acceptably friendly smile to ease the exchange along.
star in the middle this time – and then through his body. For a moment Captain America looks down shocked, and then he crumples to the floor, his face ashen as blood begins to soak through the front of his uniform.
“Well ho-hum, look who’s so confident. Weren’t you just announced dead? Not sure I’m in to dead guys.” Tony smirked up at him as Steve lowered his mouth
There’s no warning. One-minute Ivan is holding them intending on sleep, just as (she) remembers and the next he has reached for one of the knives hidden in his boot and has rolled on top of them in the dirt.
In a few days the life of Tony Stark former weapons manufacturer, current leader in the global fight for clean energy and Queen of Avengers Pride, would be in the hands of Dr. Bruce Banner, MRA Helen Cho, and of course his own; though for the record It’s not his hands that he’s placing the most faith in.
Beside him Natasha made a considering noise, her own brow furrowing in thought as she scrutinized the blond tom, who, Tony would give him this, stared back at her with the fixed expression of calm only a true showman could master.
Her gentle humming, the silly songs they sang to celebrate joy and sadness, rain and sunshine as they came at them in turns. Her laughter. Her exasperated sighs. Her chatter. The click of her tongue and tap of her foot. Her breath. Her heartbeat. Her music.
The tomkat leapt for an adjacent ledge less gracefully than he might have otherwise and Steve grinned, catching his rebounding disk and sending it flying again.
"I've got trapped civilians in a crashed bus and six heavily armed insurgents. Clint?" Natasha reported and Tony heard the sound of rapid gunfire followed by a low hiss of pain which he felt faintly echo across their bond before Natasha had the wherewithal to put up a wall. They were both getting better at them. It wasn't comfortable blocking each other out but for focus' sake it was sometimes necessary.
The captain was standing next to the roof edge, staring not up at the stars or even out over their great city.
What had Tony said the guy’s name was? General Prokovic. It sounded Russian. Maybe it had something to do with Natasha’s past. He didn’t know, and he’d have to figure it out later because purposefully chosen distraction or not, the realization that Tony might be slipping into another heat definitely needed to be handled.
"You know, I expect this lecture from Fury, Coulson, hell Cap even, but you're the last person I expected to be all about team bonding. Fury must really give out an amazing Christmas bonus if you're willing to push this hard."
“I’m sorry. I didn’t want… you know I didn’t want-” Tony’s airway was closing again. He closed his mouth with a gasp, shivering as he gulped desperately for air, cringing at the thought of Natasha witnessing him cracking this way. It was strangely more invasive then having her share his memories, even some of his most terrible. Maybe it was because there wasn’t anything truly wrong with him. He wasn’t being tortured. He wasn’t under fire, he was just falling apart after the fact because he wasn’t strong enough to take it.
They are his contract. His reminder. His self-made shackles. After the fact he never remembers the words themselves, just the feeling of his mind turning on him. Until now.
“T-O-N-Y.” Steve offered with a seemingly innocent expression. Tony cast a withering glance his way but Steve just grinned at him.
He rushed Clint like a linebacker and grabbed ahold of him, and for one terrified moment Clint imagines being stabbed or otherwise impaled, but the guy just heaves and threw Clint clear across the room straight through a glass set of doors. As pain splintered through his back Clint was thankful for Tony’s obsession with glassy things.
It wouldn’t take Amory long to run his tests and determine just where and when in the multiverse JOCASTA had dumped them. They would need some sort of plan in place before they were ready to make a trip down to the surface, but there would be time enough to think about making contact in the morning.
One, Fury owed him a damn explanation because like hell he had a foreign spy on his payroll and didn't even know it.
, whatever their motives were. But still...that didn’t completely account for how strong the sense of urgency became at the thought of one of them being shot.
He heard voices – Steve, calling his name. Natasha and Clint. Thor. Others. People were singing. The words foreign, carrying the weight of years.
"Okay." Poor Steve looked lost before pointedly deciding to ignore that bit of unexplained weirdness and moving on. "I'm glad you two have bonded. I don't know if I ever told you that. She's a great gal. I'm happy she has someone."
"Negative." Clint's response was breathy and strained. "Got chased into a bit of a tight spot. I could use a pick up myself."
“Fuck…” Tony breathed out slowly, seeming to come to grips with the truth of what Steve was saying far slower than he normally would.
“Killing one of our teammates? What the hell kind of call was that! Just because this is practice doesn’t mean you shouldn’t take it seriously Tony!”
Ivan pulls them from the flames and won’t say why. He tells them he was watching the rebels before they attacked the village, and they know he must have passed by the academy before and seen them there with their mistress, who taught young girls the art of dance. Ivan saw them dancing once, and asks now if they know the story behind the dance of swans.
"Ah. I see. Well, I suppose I wear it because I wish to remind myself that I am always under God's eye, wherever I go. Now, why did you wish to know?"
“My condolences.” He muttered just loud enough that he was sure Pepper as well as her guests would catch it and then with aplomb he did what he did best and didn’t give them too much time to think about it. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to join you yesterday Your Highness, it’s been a busy week. First that guy with the giant rats in central park and then that public hearing regarding my Gata Rehabilitation project. We have strong federal backing but the assholes on the state board in Massachusetts are playing hard ball. I’m sure you understand.”
Whatever lame excuse Parker was going to drum up for being there died away in a gurgled yelp of surprise as he let go of the ceiling just a second before the place where he’d been suddenly exploded outward in a shower of plaster and dust.
She was afraid now because she already knew. Tony won't tie them together. He won't open the door of his mind and invite them in, only to know for certain that he's only good for what he can give them.
He's nine again, and it's an Excursion Day with Yinsen which Yinsen says means the world becomes the classroom and Tony just knows means he gets to go outside and do something approaching fun.
"I like the new nose by the way. What's your surgeons name? It isn't Becker is it? Did you see that botch job he did on TLC? Well I didn't because TLC, but Youtube it."
He kept his eyes open, fought through the pain in order to get back on his feet as quickly as possible, so he saw it when the thin metal disc that had knocked him off his feet rebounded and made its way back to the hand of his attacker, who held it up to defend himself from the shots Ivan rained down on him as if he’d anticipated his every move.
Well as nice as sleeping with his boyfriend was, it wasn’t a proper coping tactic he reminded himself staunchly as he finished suiting up. He was going to get through his grief eventually by doing exactly as he was doing. Which was openly communicating with his partner and keeping things honest.
As Tony and Bruce struggle to find a solution for extremis he makes some bold plans for the future. The Avengers Pride started with Fury's ideas but Tony's going to make it his own. He never does anything small.
“That doesn’t explain how Viastone got involved.” Clint pointed out, tone brusque and waspish. Natasha noticed that his claws were starting to show. She could see them beginning to poke painfully into his clenched palms but Clint of course didn’t even flinch. Both of them knew it was better not to alert the enemy you were armed or to waste precious seconds getting there.
He didn't bother saying anything to that, or anything at all as Robert left them, apparently confident in Tiberus' ability to weasel back into Tony's good graces.
The kits whiskers twitched as his eyes lit up with excitement, his honey brown tail swishing behind him and over on the couch Natasha made a small sound of amusement.
"And your enemies closer." Tony added with a toothy smile. The flash of teeth was a symbolism all its own and he doubted it would get lost any more than his blatant use of fel appeasement wiles.
That confrontation would come someday, he was sure of it, but it was not today. Today Ivan and the twins had a mission and it was imperative they not fail it. Lucky for all involved, that this particular mission wasn’t all that high stakes. They were set to kidnap an unguarded woman from a public mall. She wasn’t anybody special and wasn’t in any known danger so she’d never see it coming.
“I am Maru! Destroyer of the seven tribes” he declares with his best roar as father chuckles and swings him back to the ground.
He just doesn’t think it will matter when T’Harun is king. That’s all. But he knows better than to say so.
“Ah. You mean me. Bastet told me when my scent was starting to match yours.” Tony hated to admit that but at this point he didn’t see a point in avoiding the issue. Apparently, his nose wasn’t strong enough to pick up the changes yet but T’Challa’s was. So Bastet had been wrong. The difference in their sensitivity hadn’t started with the introduction of homo-sapien DNA but with the genetic tampering done by humans that had resulted in modern Gata. Tony clenched his teeth, swallowing back the rise of an old familiar rage.
Wakanda wasn’t impressed with the western powers sniffing at their borders for many reasons, chief of which was the atrocities committed against Gata kind, but the efforts of progressive lawmakers Steve had never even heard of and the resulting creation of the Avengers Pride gave them hope for the future. He’d said it all with grace and the kind of magnetism Steve had come to associate Tony with, a smile fixed on his face the entire time that stole people’s attention away from the underlining threat in his every word and everyone had cheered.
“Go! This is the move that works Steve,” he heard Natasha interject. She was panting with exertion. Not for the first-time Tony was thankful for how quick witted she was. She’d already calculated the odds and knew what they’d have to do to win. Steve, no slouch in the strategy department himself put it together and Tony heard him inhale sharply.
Tony didn't think about it as he ran for the edge of the roof. His focus was on M.O.D.O.K streaking ever closer on that hover chair of his, and the narrowing window of opportunity he had. He shoved years of experience as a CEO, fighting every form of prejudice imaginable, into that single command, and then he leaped, thinking all the while about blips on the radar.
Hadn't he already seen that? Some part of Steve asked himself. There had been a moment during the battle of New York when Steve had paused on the battlefield, cowl lost, slowly raising his bruised and battered body to survey the senseless destruction and loss of countless lives happening around him when he'd realized they weren't going to win this one. They didn't have a hope against creatures like the Chitauri, and even if he and his shield were right where they were supposed to be - between the innocent and the forces that would consume them – it was not his hope to die on a battlefield with the knowledge that the people he'd tried to protect were doomed.
Maybe reading his thoughts because his barriers were still so shitty or maybe T’Challa had just gotten to know him that well, the tom frowned and reached for the hand Bruce wasn’t currently holding and said, “You still need to rest Tony, and no matter how badly you’ll want your pack close while you heal you must protect your mind and theirs by taking things slowly.”
The familiarity. The similar styles of humor. Never seeing one on the same mission that he saw the other. The mouthwatering tech. The only tech he'd ever glimpsed that could so effortlessly rival his own had been stolen out of Wakanda when those mercenaries stumbled upon the country and got more than they'd bargained for.
“ETA fifteen minutes. Get ready for landing,” Natasha announced over her shoulder, flicking controls to push the jet faster; because they all recognized that growl in Tony’s voice for what it is.
“Can I ditch the mummy act or what?” Clint whined a few moments later, scratching at the bandages on his forearms. They had him on some good meds so his pain level was down but he itched like a mother.
“Probably more than alright.” He teased, stepping close and winding his tail playfully around one of Steve’s legs when the blond wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist. “Hurts like a bitch, no word of a lie, but in the best possible way. My first time latching with someone I care about in a long time.”
“Why not Princess?” Riri chimed in, eureka in her tone. “It’s right on trend with popular pet names in this decade and you certainly won’t forget to respond to it.”
“That didn’t go well.” he joked with a halfhearted shrug, scenting like fear. They all knew what it meant to fail a mission. “So, what now?”
And Tony was very afraid all of a sudden of the challenging glint that had entered the green of her eyes.
“I’m sorry, it’s just that…” Tony struggled to get ahold of himself, unable to stop grinning with mirth. “No it really doesn’t, but it definitely should. Thank you.”
and began firing into the air, just as a shape, huge and black, came hurtling down from above. Even with the warning Tony didn’t have enough time to get completely out of the way. The man clipped Tony on his side, sending him spinning off balance and crashing into the floor with a painful clang. He was thankful he had the suit to break his fall and absorb most of the impact, but still. Ouch.
Tony couldn't shake his head of those visions either, not the one he'd had in the woods nor the one he'd had in his bed – when love had flowed so strongly between them, when Steve had looked at him with such warm regard.
That’s perfect right? There’s a future out there where Tony’s going to build a Pride (a Gata nation!) and he’s going to do it with Steve at his side with the rest of the Avengers. Yay! Only, get this, the kid he’d thought was Bruce’s in his dream? She isn’t.
When Natasha had been a kit training in the red room she’d had many handlers, but the Madame was the one that the others had answered to, the one that everyone had known to fear. Natasha used to call her Red Queen in the privacy of her own mind, before she'd realized the foolishness of believing her mind was impenetrable. Natasha could still summon the exact tone of her voice and mimic the imperial way she'd given commands.
"Plebeians." Tony muttered irritably. "Your right to have an opinion Clint was revoked when you suggested Pawn Stars. You've been reassigned to footrest duty. Trash TV opinions not needed."
"My son's tastes have run towards Midgardians of late, but I do not believe the Jane he so often speaks of shares your blood dear Bastet." Firgga murmured and the feline glared at her with intense blue eyes.
"Not from where I'm standing.” Sam answered easily, confusing Steve. It had sounded like Sam had made a bet with someone that his relationship with Tony couldn’t be real, and if it wasn’t because he and Tony were such an odd pair on paper. But Sam thankfully didn’t leave him wondering for long.
“Queen Anthony,” T’Challa didn’t shout, but he didn’t need to. His tone demanded to be heard and the crowd naturally acquiesced, falling quiet to catch his every word. “On behalf of myself and the Panther tribe, ruling tribe of the united tribes of Wakanda, I thank you for opening your doors to us today.”
This year he’d had to improvise some because of the destruction of the Shelter, but Pepper had made arrangements to see the lodge properly decked out and that the residents would have as fine a Christmas as Tony’s money could buy them.
“Would anyone who wasn’t me come in like this?” Clint asked, flipping a few switches on the console so that the search beams on the quinjet flared on dramatically and the air strip was pumped full of loud music.
It was the hurt that Tony could feel tugging at him over their developing bond that made Tony snap. He knew that had happened on Shelly Williams couch that morning wasn’t Steve’s fault. Steve hadn’t really done anything besides come to Tony’s defense and he couldn’t be blamed that the world was so damn backward.  Unfortunately, that realization did nothing to make Tony less angry about it, and guilt on top of everything just tended to make him snappish.
Pepper, frowning now, opened her mouth to protest and Tony smirked. The smirk slid off his face however when somewhere off camera T’Challa spoke up again.
“Already ahead of you honey bear. He’s got a mother here in New York and a brother in the air force.”
He’s five and he has a bug. His cheeks are hot and he’s sweaty and miserable. Mama lays in the bed with him, his head resting against her chest.
“All the more reason I should be there. Mom’s powers are too strong. You can’t take her by yourself.”
“More than fine, I imagine.” Natasha murmured softly with the barest hint of a smile and some of the nervousness twisting in Steve’s stomach eased.
Her groom of course wore the traditional dress of the Kǫtrdýr, sporting a kilt made of rich colorful fabrics and draped in the ornaments of his house and station, including a bejeweled collar. A more simple design than the one Queen Bastet wore of course, but it was a beautiful bright gleaming silver and looked dashing sat across his puffed breast and wide shoulders.
As you may already have guessed the end of the Thor flavored chapters will carry us into Steve's playground which brings us to Stonyland!
The room was thick with fight scent, enough that even Maya's anxiety seemed spiked by it. It was easy to tell that most of it was coming from her teammates, who were not at all happy with Stone's presence there. Tony had never exactly been candid about his past but Clint's report had minced few words and they'd all read Tony's file. Thor didn't release the same kinds of pheromones as a tom so the smell wasn't the same as the others. His had more ozone, not dissimilar to the smell of an approaching rain storm.
Clint rolled his eyes. Did no one read the report he did on Tony when Fury’d sent him in on that whacked out undercover gig? Do not give direct orders unless your last name is Potts or Rhodes and even then, proceed with care. He hadn’t even written that part in marker.
, but the unmistakable will of a woman who has decided that she wants the life inside her because it’s hers.
Tony turned to bolt after Natasha who somehow managed to cover a lot of ground even with a gimp leg. His ears picked up the sound of booted feet running toward them that could only mean the backup was coming. He hoped she knew the way out of there.
“I’m serious Tony. He could give you brain damage with enough effort.” Bruce insisted with a growl rumbling in his throat, fingers digging harshly against Tony’s skin for a moment.
Before birth he had only ever known the rhythmic ebb and flow of the womb, his tiny body suspended in a great darkness… he can perfectly recall that dark and the sound of his mother’s heart beat surrounding him. It had been his entire world, before he even had a concept of worlds or the passing of time.
There were so many things happening at once inside of Peter he couldn’t have formed words even if he wanted to. There were his natural nerves and the overwhelming surge of awkwardness and elation that came with having his hero right
The tension in the room had elevated, the elegantly dressed dinner guests smiling viciously behind their hands and muffling titters and for a moment Steve was back on the streets of Brooklyn outside David’s Barbershop, some slow eyed creep whistling as he and Bucky walked by –
She said the name with a hitch, like it got caught somewhere between her heart and her throat and Steve wondered sadly who Ivan was. She didn’t leave him wondering long.
Natasha didn't bother acknowledging that blatant falsehood, turning instead to where Steve was still standing awkwardly in the doorway, watching them.
The scent of him was dizzying but Tony struggled to stay focused, because it was important that he warn Steve before they started. Steve had to know what might happen. Tony moved his head, kissing the side of Steve’s jaw before leaning back, placing a stilling hand on Steve’s chest to put a temporary halt on things.
“Tony you need to ease off on the drinks.” Rhodey whispered harshly, keeping a pleasant expression on his face as he guided Tony away from a cluster of dignitaries wanting to know if Captain Rogers planed on collaring him now that they were an item.
"But residing in the real world, I recognize the need to let them have their occasional pound of flesh."
In which Peter Parker's life changes forever (again)  Tony and Steve get their bond on and a wild Bucky appears, demanding to know who the hell he thinks he is.
With such a light staff Killian's arrival had made a splash, curious bodies gravitating to the center of the warehouse and Natasha followed them, a silent shadow above, capturing photos as she went and trusting Tony could get something out of them in the horrible lighting.
Tony doubted the Winter Soldier was in any state to make such promises or that Tony could bring himself to believe them even if he could.
Tony quietly closed the link between himself and the ships computer and turned back to his work, unease churning together with fear and confusion in his stomach.
"We are sir. The video is a match at exactly ninety two percent suggesting that our masked friend is either the king of Wakanda or a relation. However it is unlikely, which is why I referred to it as an anomaly, especially given that our second match is far more likely. Though I'm afraid Sir, that it may come as a bit of an unpleasant surprise."
“As you are my host I will do as you do,” he said in a long suffering way, raising his long legs and putting his feet up till they rested side by side with Tony’s. Tony sipped his tea, but the mug didn’t do enough to cover his smug grin. Not that he was even trying to hide it.
Luke glanced around at the tools littering the floor around them with an expression that cried bullshit and Tony sighed. Debar being the one medically trained engineer who was able to tell what Tony had changed in the last hours just by the tools he was using was both amazing and unfortunate.
Swallowing she shrugged, turning to make her exit. Over he shoulder she hot back, "So do you. And yet, we're both still here."
"I was riding the short bus?” Tony asked slowly, everything still sinking in. He still couldn’t believe what he’d done, the things he’d seen in that strange place. Which had to be real right? All those people those other Queen’s, they’d really been there.
Stark men are tough. They don't second guess themselves as often as Tony does and they don't mess up the way he can't seem to stop doing.
“We’re ready for takeoff,” Phil ordered Natasha, the last to squeeze aboard and Clint gave him credit for giving the cue to take off before he turns to Banner and says,
Satisfied Tony stretched up on his toes (damn the woman’s stupidly high heels) and smacked a kiss on her cheek, grinning as she squirmed under the tickle of his whiskers. “Thanks. You’re the best mommy.”
He couldn’t explain what it was about her that held his attention the way she did. On first sight she was just your average kat. Her clothing was interview appropriate but clearly off the rack even though she wore it well. She was slender, but not as thin as was stylish for models and kats right now.
And if there was one thing Tony wasn't all that good at, it was taking care of peoples emotions, not even his own (especially not his own).
Bruce like Steve was wearing the standard black tuxedo (Gata edition with accommodation for his extra limb in the back) but it hadn’t taken Steve’s observant eyes long to spot that for the first time in all the time they’d known each other Bruce wasn’t wearing any of his SHIELD issued tags- the ones with the tracking chip embedded in them that warned people about the HULK and let them know who to return him to if he was lost somewhere he shouldn’t be (AKA tried to run again).
Island - and in the very public speech you're going to make, about how fervently you believe in change and cleaning out the trash in the company dear old daddy built, you're going to announce your endorsement of Judge Powell in the senate race.”
His Ma had said the same thing about their less than perfect tree that she said about every cough or illness that Steve had ever came down with.
So given that there was a feral tom running around outfitted with foreign tech, making minced salad out of Tony's enemies, you’d think there would at least be a wanted poster stuck somewhere; but here they are in America, land of " the domesticated kat is a happy kat", and there are nothing but crickets from SHIELD and strangely none of the press has so much as printed a word about the guy.
"No. Make yourself at home. Everybody else does," Tony answered between swallows of his breakfast. "And don't believe half of what this asshole says, unless he was telling you what an amazing person I am and how fantastic I am in bed, then by all means."
"I live dangerously." Tony picked out a strawberry from the mix and threw it in to his yogurt for emphasis. Tub piled high with fruit he spooned a large spoonful into his mouth and chewed happily with a blissful moan.
Some like Bucky, Laura, and Sam had stuck; but most of them were overflow from when there weren’t enough beds at the youth shelter and they didn’t stay long. Even so, while they were under her roof Sarah had always insisted on being called mom. And it had hurt her that she couldn’t do more than offer a temporary respite on their little farm. He’d seen her hide enough crayon drawings up in that box she didn’t think they knew about, to know that those other kids had a piece of her and always would.
“Incoming!” Tony shouted a warning, and Steve looked up and only had just enough time to bring his shield around to avoid being kicked in the chest by the dark clad figure of Prince T’Challa as he dropped off the ceiling beams.
“I’m going to have to say bye to bikini season, but otherwise yes.” Natasha answered with a small shrug, letting her shirt fall back into place and Steve’s shoulders sagged in relief.
Those early associations with words like ‘responsibility’ and ‘legacy’ and 'father' are surprisingly sweet. A sweet turned sour with age, sure, but sweet none the less in all their naivete.
“Stop the incursion? Girl, are you crazy?” Riri gaped at her. Which was kind of bad because to pull any of this off she really needed Riri to have her back, but Nyota really couldn’t blame her for her skepticism. T’Cael could, but then again, T’Cael had gotten super protective of her and Teddy since their parents had died.
Tony almost didn't want to hear it. It was taking everything he had not to lose control of the terrible anger brewing inside him. The fact that he was terrified of the thought of being given over to Ty, to have the disobedience fucked out of him, only made it worse.
“I ran every feasible test I could, comparing this earths signatures to what is stored in JOCASTA’S memory banks. It looks like a match but honestly there’s just not enough to be certain.” Amory tried to explain in a rush, gesturing toward the projection as he spoke. “So I tapped into their satellites and started doing some digging. They have Gata! Those other earths didn’t, and look, look what’s happening on the news!”
He'd been so sure that Howard would want to breed him with some ancient tom in some old as balls family with piles of molding money, and would never agree to let his (not) son mate with a Stone. He'd loved the idea of running away with his first love and when Ty had been holding him possessively and yaking away about the kits they were going to have, Tony had felt amazing in a way that  he hates to remember now.
Tony’s heart sank. He’d not realized until that very moment how hard he was trying not to dwell on Thor’s reasons for sticking around. Sure there was Jane, but Jane could hardly be the reason he’d agreed to become an Avenger.
She had the strange feeling that she was being watched, though no one from the facility had shown any sign that they were aware of her presence.
Sitting on a velvet cushion within the chest were a pair of wrist guards. The thin cylinders glinted an enticing gold under the afternoon sun but it was the ruby lines forming delicate braids across their edges that really captivated Tony’s attention. There was a strange energy coming from them, though all his scans came up negative for buried technology. Magic. God Tony hated magic, but even so his fingers itched to examine the deceptively delicate looking pieces of armor.
They know she steals the books but they don’t mind. As an aide she doesn’t make much and all her wages go to Mr. Banner anyway and he certainly won’t buy them books.
Rhodey asked once what it was like (because the first thing people want to know when you tell them your mind stores everything is whether you remember being born for some reason). Tony found it difficult to explain, and he doesn’t think he’d do any better now as an adult. How does one explain the very beginning of themselves?
Steve’s hands tightened around his shirt and Tony only had the barest moment to note the sudden change in his scent before Steve’s gaze fixated on his mouth and his intentions became clear.
“So they try and take our teeth, and when that doesn’t work they put us down.” Tony finished in a grave tone. “I don’t know what those guys were after. Maybe they were bad. Maybe they’re trying to help themselves or somebody else, but either way if the Avengers don’t get a handle on the situation and somebody gets hurt, a lot of Gata are going to suffer. Do you understand?”
She rose silently and even as she signaled for the servers to sweep back in and they came, bearing large steaming cauldrons of the bone broth that MiKall had described to them so many hours ago, her voice went hissing through his thoughts like a cold wind one last time.
“Getting punched by Captain America is practically a national honor,” Clint pointed out slinging an arm over the prince’s shoulders and something about the motion made something tight in Tony’s chest release. Clint hadn’t done that since they’d discovered the man’s identity Tony realized. This was really it, the start of putting the past behind them and moving into the future, whatever it would hold.
Because it would have driven her crazy not to hear their voices again. It made her gut clench thinking of sending Jaime and the others off. Not knowing when or if they’d see each other again. That was the real reason why she was building weapons.
The bottom is in tatters and stained black halfway up the thigh with mud and soot. It had been a pretty hand-me- down once, but now it is a dull grey that reminds them of the fire that took away their home. The smell of smoke still lingers on it, thick in their nose whenever they breathe.
Obadiah is easy to remember. If Hughard is a tumor, Stanislov is a black oil creeping through his veins. He couldn’t see it back then; how insidious his poison was. Tony’s early associations are warm hued and heavy with the desperate need of a child for recognition.
“We’ll get them Tony. You can outsmart them.” Steve said, stepping up to his side. His voice was firm but gentle, with a kind of knowing in his eyes that would have sent Tony into a panic attack months ago. As it was it still made his stomach twist uncomfortably even as his heart beat faster in his chest and his kitten knees got all wobbly once they’d decided he didn’t need to stand anymore when there was a big strong tom who could carry him around. Christ.
“Tony, I’m sure you know that a lot of people are very concerned about this passion project of yours.”
Or at least that's what should have happened, because he made all the right moves to make that happen; but then he felt a firm grip around his tail and a firmer tug had his creeper seat rolling backward.
There’s a little girl asleep halfway on top of him, her mass of dark ringlets pushing against the boy’s cheek. He doesn’t seem to mind.
With everyone running low and an extra wait estimated for SHIELD backup Steve had begrudgingly relented, but warned Tony to stick to aerial support and hang back.
Tony was sure of a few things: Catman was a highly trained, expensively outfitted and one hundred percent feral operative. No, Tony hadn’t been able to smell him through that suit of his but he was certain just the same, and before anybody accuses him of thinking with his hormones, it should be remembered that he watched the guy slice up his ex-boyfriend in under thirty seconds. Domesticated the guy is not.
“What have you got Stark?” Steve asked, and Tony gestured to the largest screen directly above the center of the table.
She and Clint had been called away suddenly on a mission for SHIELD, the highly-classified nature of which Tony was party to because Natasha at least, was officially a member of Pride Avengers and as part of a bonded trio, technically she belonged to him and Bruce and Fury had to ask before he borrowed.
