“Well,” Dean says, pushing Cas up against the car and kissing him, “maybe I do believe in luck a little.”
Cas shushes him and says in a tense whisper, “Whoever they are, they’re not moving like tourists. Come on.” He pulls Dean away from the column and leads him, unresisting, further into the labyrinth.
Fada looks a lot like Faya-Largeau. It’s smaller, but also walled in mud brick, the walls on either side of the entry gate painted in the red, yellow and blue of the Chadian flag. Twisting streets mean that they have to drive slowly, dodging camels and pedestrians. They stop at the police station to check in and find out that the MSF camp is just outside the walls on the eastern side of town. Victor drops Dean off at the collection of tent-like buildings pitched in an flat open area and says he’ll be back in a few days. Dean stands there, his bags at his feet and feels a strange sense of adventure and elation as he watches the two cars drive slowly away. He shoulders his bag and backpack and walks towards the nearest tent.
Cas smiles at the wonder in his voice. “Yeah, it is.”
On the other hand. Jessica is cheating. She doesn’t deserve the special midnight profiteroles. No one who cheats on someone as obviously special as Dean,
“Dude, you are not going to tape me again.”
“Pfft. Please.You invited me in here when I was alive, so I get like a permanent pass.”
“Welcome, everyone, to this celebration of the end of another year, and the beginning of a new one. I’m Tamara Knightley, the owner of Twisted River Winery. We are very honoured to have Kazuhara Tanaka here with this collection of  Edo Period Nabeshima ware. It was produced in Lord Nabeshima's kiln at Okawachi near Arita around 1700.” She nods towards a tall man in a severe black suit standing next to one of the spotlit pedestals that holds a beautiful blue plate painted with herons.
“That’s
Clearly, he was wrong.
Dean’s a bit ashamed of himself, now that Cas is in front of him but there's still a bit of fear clinging to him, fear of being alone in this alien environment.
The thought that had been floating just below his consciousness for days finally surfaces. “And Aozi. There was an attack and a kidnapping there the night you stayed with me in Faya-Largeau, Victor told me about it. It’s why we didn’t go north to Ounianga Kébir. The next morning you warned me away from going north, said you’d just been up in Aozi, things weren’t safe.” He gives a humorless laugh. “Yeah, I’ll say.”
If only Meg could see him now, Cas thinks as the sled races down the trail between the spindly spruce trees, the dogs running tirelessly and course-correcting at the commands of the musher, Josie, who’s standing behind Cas on the runners of the sled. One of the lead dogs barks, and it sets of a chorus amongst her teammates as the sled flies over the snow, the sun bright in the deep blue sky, but already sinking towards the horizon even though it’s early afternoon.
Cas looks back at him with massive incomprehension. “Dean. We’re not going to Chicago. It’s not dark yet, and you’re not wearing sunglasses.”
Dorothy takes the flask out of Charlie’s hand and puts it on the seat beside her. They stop talking as the tour guide begins to tell them the Cree and Ojibwe legends of the northern lights.
“If your hands aren’t cold anymore, is your heart still warm?”
“No, that’s one hundred percent not going to happen.”
“May your powers flourish like an oak tree...:” Cas pauses for a moment like he’s gathering up courage and then continues, “and get you your heart’s desire.”
humans it’s ever been my misfortune to —”
Dean nods his acceptance and Albert pours a shot of the Canadian rye whisky for him. He has no idea where Albert sources his eclectic collection of liquors. Last time he was through here it was Glenlivet, the time before that it was two bottles of Stoli that Albert had put away for him, telling two Russians that had found their way into this small unnamed bar, that the best he could do for them was some sketchy mass-produced gin. Dean grins at the memory. The hangover had been epic, though. Dean asks Albert about his family and settles back to hear the older man’s stories.
Cas sighs and deftly fishes a wonton out of the bowl and into his mouth. Dean fumbles briefly with the chopsticks, getting them situated a non-standard but marginally effective grip. After a couple of abortive attempts, he mounts an attack on a dumpling. A small wave of broth crests the rim of the bowl and splashes on the table.
“American. Good. Well, Mr. Winchester, you’ll be accepting our hospitality for a while, until we can make contact with your employers to arrange a bit of a money transfer. Habbané here will remove the zip tie. So long as you behave, there’s no reason to put it back on. You may move about the camp, but the only tent you will have access to is the one in which you spent last night.
“Dean, get me some tweezers, I can pull some hair from its tail.”
‘Not gonna lie, Cas, it looked really bad.”
Cas sits on the bed, but doesn’t look at Dean. “I’m sorry I yelled,” he says to the closet door. “I’m sorry I got so mad. It wasn’t about the squirrel, though it is annoying. I was worried because you had done something dangerous.” Cas looks at at the evidence of the pouting session on Dean’s bedside table. “Magic is not something to be used lightly. Especially after half a bottle of whiskey. I was scared for you. What if you’d accidentally banished yourself to another dimension? Or the bottom of the sea, or Saturn, or...Cleveland?”
Traffic is lighter than usual, a lot of people home for this week between Christmas and New Year’s, and Meg drops him off at Pearson International Airport with time to spare. The flight from Toronto to Winnipeg passes quickly, and before he knows it, he’s riding down an escalator in Winnipeg’s Richardson International, on his way to the gate for his connecting flight to Churchill.
Sam had been infuriatingly calm, making Dean sit down and eat breakfast.
“No, I can’t do this Dean. I can’t take advantage of you if you’re under the dryad’s spell. It’s wrong.”
God, Dean remembers the feeling of awe that came over him at that moment. He resented the hell out of it, but he couldn’t deny it. He couldn’t look away from those wings and the blue fire of Cas’s eyes. That was the moment his life changed. Nothing was the same after that.
“I like NPR,” Cas says mutinously.
Cas rolls his eyes like they’re dice in his hands at a craps table.
“I don’t know, maybe the tux, the rose, Gabe congratulating you at the bar.” Cas’s voice is indignant. He can’t help it. He turns and says accusingly “You and Jessica have a song!”
But instead of scampering off into the woods, it makes a beeline for the door of the bunker, the door that that Dean has left open, because his hands were too full of spell paraphernalia to close it. Dean and Cas stare open-mouthed as the squirrel darts into the bunker.
“Looks like we’re spending another night together.” He covers them both with a foil emergency blanket from the first aid kit. Dean relaxes against him, Cas’s body heat welcome in the cooling night. The painkiller is kicking in and he’s feeling floaty.
. “It took much longer than I’d planned.”
Cas giggles unexpectedly, it’s a nervous reaction he has no control over.
Cas looks at at them speculatively.
The glare she gives him is poisonous. She tugs the tiara from her head and starts trying to comb the curls out with her fingers. “We don’t have time for this,” she says impatiently. “We gotta go.” She reaches for his hand.
Cas is struck dumb by this. Dean didn’t walk away angry, he walked away for Cas, for what he thought Cas wanted. Cas can’t think what to say as Dean shrugs helplessly, then gets up and starts turning on lamps. The room is growing darker as the sun sets. Cas finds words again. “Dean. Please come over here.”
Christina turns to see Cas standing there. His parka is open and there’s a knife in the sheath on his belt. She wonders what he’s doing out here, but doesn’t remark on the bloody handkerchief wrapped around his left hand.
“Cas, you’re killing me here.”
They’re settled in a booth in the far corner of the diner before she makes her first move, Meg eating a chicken parm sandwich and Cas working on a classic breakfast because he figures if you
“I still think it was witches, you know,” he says.
“Eh, working.”
Before loneliness will 'cause my heart, heart to break?
Cas kept shoveling, his back turned to Dean. Dean leaned over stealthily and packed a handful of snow into a ball. Grinning, he lobbed it overhand, and it hit the back of Cas’s head, crumbling and sending snow down the back of his jacket collar. Cas spun around.
““It’s ginger brandy and peppermint schnapps,” Charlie says gleefully. “It keeps the snow snakes away.”
“I’m sorry.” Cas is contrite. “I didn’t hear the bear until the last minute. I wasn’t expecting to see a bear on the street. I’m here to see the northern lights. I didn’t come here to see the bears. I didn’t mean for you to come out in your slippers to save me. Thank you, by the way, I was pretty much too scared to move.”
“Yeah. I like it here. So much to see. I’m hoping to get a chance to see some of the desert. I keep expecting adventure, but it’s just been work. Might was well be in Kansas, except for having to check for scorpions around the wells.”
But at night, alone in his apartment, Spock snoozing on the couch beside him, he can’t stop Dean from creeping into his thoughts. He thinks about how Dean’s lips felt on his, the warmth of Dean’s body curled against him when he woke in the morning, Dean handing him a mug of coffee in the sunlit kitchen. Meg’s right. He fell hard.
Dean does a really good impression of a constipated goldfish for a couple of seconds.
Gabe grabs Cas’s wrist and drags him across the sidewalk and through the nearest doorway. Cas stops and shakes the water out of his hair. They’re in the lobby of another hotel, a small fire is burning in a fireplace against the back wall, and Cas heads towards it, intending to warm up, not realizing that Gabe is no longer behind him until he looks around and sees his brother disappearing through an open set of French doors. A brass easel beside them holds a placard with ‘Winchester-Moore Wedding’ printed on it in flowing gold script. Great. Gabe the wedding crasher.
As Issa hands Dean his plate, she whispers to him quickly in French, “I only have a moment. You need to be ready. The army will come tonight, for the girls, for you and Dr. Meg.”
. For some reason, he wants very badly to stop and say a few words of comfort, but realizes how weird that would be, and continues to his own seat a few rows back.
Dean can feel his heart beating in his chest. He’s dizzy. Is Cas saying what he thinks he’s saying? Does Cas feel the same way that he does?
“So, you slept with someone who wasn’t Michael. That’s progress, Cas! That’s textbook getting over the ex. I’m proud of you.” He looks around, worried that someone could overhear, but it’s past the rush of lunch hour, and the closest tables are empty now. “So, why are you back down in the dumps?”
“Well, the only thing left to do, if you feel strongly enough about him, is to go back to Churchill and talk to him in person.”
Dean sighs heavily and pulls back onto the highway. “You were supposed to say, ‘Hit it,’” he says plaintively.
“Charlie?” Dean asks, befuddled.
The first package arrives in May. Dean finds it sitting on the map table next to a box from a rare-book dealer in Brooklyn and another from a New Orleans herbalist. It’s small and misshapen, wrapped in brown paper cut from a grocery store bag and taped furiously. Nobody’s getting into that package without a pocketknife or an angel blade. Dean recognizes the bold angular letters of Cas’s handwriting — it’s addressed to Dean and the postmark is Charlotte, North Carolina.
He holds the canteen between his legs so that he can use his hands to take the lid off and drink. And then he tries to make himself comfortable on his side on the carpet, and attempts to sleep.
“Well, you could have fooled me.” Dean’s voice is dry.
He looks up, and time stops. At least it stops for the microsecond it takes Cas to realize it’s Dean who’s standing in front of his chair. He tries to take a breath, breathes in the mouthful of beer instead, and promptly begins to choke and cough the beer all down the front of his shirt.
The room is half full, probably about twenty men and a few women sitting at the low tables that are scattered around the floor. There’s an empty table near what looks like a bar at the back of the room so they sit down. Youssef orders food in swift Arabic and Dean heads to the bar to order beer for the table. He stops for a moment to get his wallet out of his pocket, and when he looks up, there’s someone standing between him and the bar. A dark-haired someone. A strangely familiar dark-haired someone.
“You want to throw away everything we had?” Michael is incredulous, “Everything we spent five years building?”
“Sammy.” Dean rolls his eyes. Sam’s putting the ‘sam’ in ‘samctimonius’ again. “It’s
“Well, we didn’t talk much that night.” Dean’s eyebrows raise at that, and Cas hurries to add, “about our jobs, or even our last names.” It’s hard not to be flustered when Dean’s standing right there in front of him. Dangerously handsome in his suit, so different from the man in (and out of) faded jeans and flannel, and yet just the same. Cas gestures to the chair next to him and Dean sits down, putting his conference tote down on the floor. Cas can’t read his expression, which has shifted to something bland and neutral
‘This isn’t too bad.
By the time Cas gets across the lobby, held up briefly by a lady with two miniature schnauzers and a giant rolling suitcase cutting across his path, Gabe is nowhere to be seen. Cas sighs and heads into the room. No one takes any notice of him, his suit makes him blend right in with the wedding guests. He stands at the door, looking around.
staying here,” he looks at Dean. “We’ve got to go get a couple geologists over by Iriba and take them to  N’Djamena to ship out back to France. Things should be quiet enough when we get back to get you up north. Meanwhile you can relax for a few days.”
there.”
One morning at the end of February, Dean got up and found a letter on the kitchen table.
“I don’t want you to kill the squirrel, Dean. When I asked if you could stop him raiding the feeder, I didn’t mean for you to use lethal methods.” Cas is pissed. He turns his back on Dean’s apologies and goes back to watching the birds.
“Sam has backup in California, Dean. I don’t think you should go alone.”
Gabe and Benny show up around noon. Dean and Cas are sitting in the shade of the first row of rock pillars when they see the car in the distance. Cas makes them retreat back into the maze until he can see that it’s Gabe for sure and not their pursuers from the night before. As the Land Rover gets closer, they can hear the sounds of Supertramp rolling across the desert.
Cas had left in February.
“Hello, Dean”
Dean’s looking puzzled.
He shakes his head to clear it.
“New findings at depth meant we had to re-evaluate the model. Now we think the deposit is related to a steeply-dipping intrusion. We used structural field interpolations to create a model of the different foliation generations using historical structural data.” Cas hits a few keys and the three-dimensional shape of the model changes. “The predictive model pointed to a high mineral-potential zone near the contact between two foliation planes.”
“Hardly,” the man says dryly. “It was just a misunderstanding.” He extends a hand, and Dean pulls him to his feet. He’s weaving a bit, and Dean grabs his arm and steadies him. “Thanks.”
Dean stopped, What the hell was wrong with him? He was distracted from these thoughts by his hands, so cold they were burning. He looked down at them, pale in the floodlight and flexed them, gasping slightly. Cas was immediately by his side.
And then the floor seems to fall out from under Cas, because it’s not Dean who’s advancing towards the bride and then sliding across the floor on his knees to end up at her feet. It’s not Dean who’s making her howl in helpless laughter as he grabs the hem of her voluminous wedding gown and throws it over his head. It’s not Dean whose head appears again a few seconds later, after some theatrical flailing, dragging the lacy garter down past her ankle with his teeth. It’s not Dean who stands up triumphantly brandishing the scrap of lace and ribbon while Jessica giggles and smooths down her skirts. It’s the floppy-haired groomsman she was making out with in the coat room.
Dean turns around a corner and Cas is there, leaning against the rock like he doesn’t have a care in the world. Dean is suddenly furious.
Dean snickers at that, and says something under his breath about squirrel sex that has Cas glaring at him.
“I needed to get rid of some of the tea. I wanted some privacy for a minute. You didn’t really think I’d leave you here?”
Issa stands up, and brushes the dust from the hem of her dress. “He’s older and thin. He has white hair on the back of his head. His name is Youssef. Youssef Oueddei.”
Cas uses Dean’s sat phone to reach Gabe at the MSF camp. He promises to come for them at first light. When Dean starts to shiver again, Cas helps him into the jacket from his backpack, and then lies down on the sand next to Dean and pulls him close.
“I swear to God, Cas, If I have to make nice with one more rich old white guy, I’m gonna puke.” Gabe tips his head back and swallows the last of the scotch in his glass.
“Jacob Marley?
“Cas! Cas, are you alright?” Dean falls to his knees beside Cas. His eyes are closed and the blood on his shirt is very black in the moonlight. “Cas!” Dean puts his hand gently on Cas’s cheek, his voice shaking. “Cas, talk to me babe, please, just say something!”
Cas sighs and grabs some noodles with his chopsticks. He leans over and slurps them up expertly. Dean follows suit, but manages to splatter everything in a two-foot radius with a fine layer of broth. It tastes good, but really this is way too much fucking work for soup. Cas is alternating using his chopsticks and spoon, and Dean is momentarily distracted when Cas’s hand closes around the cylindrical squeeze bottle with a rooster on it.
“Uh, no comment,” Claire says, cracking her gum.
Well, isn’t that just perfect. He’s headed up to the oil fields smack dab in the middle of the alert zone in a couple of days. His email notification chimes and he opens a new message from his boss. It seems they’re taking the alert seriously. He’s being assigned security for his trip up north.
Cas sighs and moves closer. “I’m sorry about this,” he says, and kicks Dean in the left leg. Just below the bandage.
Cas dresses carefully for the cold night. He layers on a tee shirt and a sweater over long johns and jeans, topping it off with a parka, tuque and heavy gloves. He’s booked on a tundra buggy excursion to see the northern lights. By day, these elevated bus-like vehicles are used to cross the tundra in search of polar bears. At night, they go searching for more celestial sights. The buggies are heated, and have comfy seating and even a bathroom, but Cas hopes to be able to get out once they leave the lights of town and photograph the aurora in the open air. He piles on with around twenty other people and they soon start shedding their outerwear in the warmth of the buggy. With a lurch, the buggy gets underway. Windows all around and even in the roof show the dark indigo sky as they leave the halo of light around Churchill and head out onto the tundra.
“Dean.” Cas says.
“Oh, this isn’t about Christmas, Dean. You embrace the spirit of Christmas just fine. This is about something else you should be embracing.” She gives him yet another significant look, “Or, more specifically, someone.”
“No,” he says, “I’ve still got half, thanks.”
“No. You don’t,” Cas answers.
Gabe notices Dean’s preoccupation with watching Cas and asks him how long he’s planning on staying in Fada, each word just dripping with innuendo. Dean pretends not to notice the tone and tells him it’s just for a few days, and by the time he looks over at Cas again, he’s alone.
Cas tries to keep a straight face. He should be used to this by now. He
“In Chad? Four years now. But before then, South Africa. I left the U.S. ten years ago to take this job. How long have you been in Chad?”
?” she leans back, the chains vanishing from her arms.
“It’s Genesis. And Genesis is rock, isn’t it?”
Dean gives him a cocky I-rest-my-case grin and kisses him again, his hands working their way under the hem of Cas’s tee shirt, and that touch of warm hands on his skin for the first time in months nearly derails his thought processes. Dean shifts so that Cas is lying next to him , caught between Dean’s body and the back of the couch. He lies there enjoying Dean’s slow sensuous explorations. Dean kisses him deeply as his fingers trace circles on Cas’s stomach, just shy of tickling but leaving tingling paths in their wake.
Dr. Castiel Novak leans forward in his office chair and clicks the play button on the YouTube video for the fourth time. The dance of feathery lights in the night sky, the dip and sway of green aurora against velvet blackness, is mesmerizing. He sighs. He wants to see them in person, before he moves back to Kansas. He’s got, what, four more months here to make it happen? But it’s so far. And he’s busy. And he doesn’t want to go alone, it had always been the plan to see the lights with… Well, it’s just not going to happen, that’s all there is to it.
Dean goes back to his seat. Albert is standing behind the bar. He must have seen at least part of what happened because he sighs heavily and grabs a broom before heading over to the booth.
“No way.” Dean grumbles.
“Your gratitude is overwhelming.” Dean’s tone is as dry as the 350 miles of desert between Abéché and Faya-Largeau. It doesn’t go unnoticed.
Someone bumps against him as they brush past in the narrow aisle of the ministore, jolting him out of his reverie.
Black Dog
. He snaps out of it when he feels someone grab his sleeve.
He peers up at Dean. “Oh for fuck’s sake. You again.” Trench Coat struggles into a sitting position and looks at Dean before leaning over and spitting out blood, “Of course I can walk.” He doesn’t seem to be in any hurry to make good on that pronouncement.
Dean’s dreaming. He’s moving through a jungle, hacking the underbrush in front of him with his favourite vampire machete from the Impala’s secret arsenal, moving as fast as he can through the clinging vines and thorny bushes to get away from something chasing him. Something dark and huge. Ratcheting up the fear is the sound of the jungle. Unseen creatures are hooting and trilling, a menacing soundtrack that beats against Dean’s ears, getting louder and louder, until the fabric of the dream rips and disperses. He wakes with a start.
“Je suis désolée. Il est parti.” she answers.
“So? Dean, you know it’s important to reproduce them
“Dean,” Cas starts, but the best man doesn’t let him get any further.
The moon is out. Filtering through the leaves along the forest path, it makes the shojo seem even more unsubstantial. Ahead, Cas stumbles and bites off a curse. Dean is pretty sure he’s acting. Cas is inebriated, but shouldn’t be that drunk. He needs to be able to keep the shojo busy so that Dean can attack while she’s distracted. A thread of worry winds its way around Dean's stomach and he picks up the pace. He can’t let anything happen to Cas.
“Nothing. She’s gone to give her blessing to the clearing and then she’s coming with us. I told her that we could plant her in the woods behind the bunker or send her back to Greece. She chose the latter. I’ll make sure she gets back to Crete.”
He shouts in pain and sees Cas run towards them, a thick tree branch raised over his head to knock her away from him. As the branch descends in a downward arc, it suddenly flies out of Cas’s hands inexplicably
Cas sits up slowly, taking over the job of holding the compress to his wound. “I see. And those are the only reasons you called me ‘babe’: alcohol and scary monster?”
"Oh, Dean." he says.
Dean pulls him back down into a deeper kiss. “If Amazon has squirrel feeders, I’ll buy him one myself.”
“My name is Cheryl Okemow and I’m Cree. My family has lived on these lands for many, many generations. The Cree believe that the aurora is the spirits of the dead who remain in the sky, apart from their loved ones. They believe that the lights are spirits of these departed friends and relatives trying to communicate with those they’ve left behind on Earth.
Dean’s still dizzy from the kisses. “So what if those German tourists see us necking, it’s not the end of the world.”
Dragging Gabe with him, Cas opens the door to the hall. Dean is standing there, leaning against the wall, arms crossed in front of him. Cas can’t read his expression.
Cas swallows down the nausea and recounts the story of the previous night, leaving out the sex and making it sound like an entirely G-rated evening of television viewing with a stranger. The women are suitably horrified by his being stalked by a bear, but something in his carefully modulated voice must give something away, because Charlie’s questions about his saviour are getting more pointed by the time their tour guide comes into the lobby to collect his passengers. Cas hugs them goodbye and heads off in the right direction to his rental.
“I know that, Dean.”
“ ‘Give him some time’? It’s been months, Sam. Months. Christ, he’s off on some hippy quest finding himself. It’s like a bad movie.” Dean stomps off to his bedroom.
“But nothing! Man up and tell him. I didn’t raise a coward, boy.”
“You come out here most mornings,” he says.
“Yeah, I’m beginning to suspect that the mineralization type at Muskox is similar to Detour Lake, I wanted to see the models. You were using cesium magnetometers to get the mag data right?” Dean asks, playing along with Cas’s abrupt change in topic..
Dean picks up the pace. It’s a fine line to let her get far enough away from the winery so that the smokers aren’t in any danger, but not let her out of his sight for long enough to allow her to become a threat to Cas. He slips the sword out of his jacket and stalks down the pathway.
Shaking and nauseated, Cas ends up back at Charlie and Dorothy’s hotel, which, praise be, has working wifi. He’s sitting in the lobby using Google Maps to find his Airbnb when a familiar voice calls his name excitedly. He looks up to see Charlie standing there with a coffee and her coat slung over her arm.
“No. I’m fine. It’s okay.” And it is. He reaches for Dean again, anchoring himself with the hard press of Dean’s body against his. He kisses Dean hard, showing him how much he wants him.
He’s almost out of strength when the bubble of silence passes and the sounds of the raid flood back in. He can hear the gunfire again. And the roar of vehicles coming up the road to the valley.
the mosquito netting. Got a big mouthful of DEET in his coffee. Spat it out kinda like you did just then.”
Cas chooses to ignore the last question. He smiles. “Yeah, the
“Well, the one in the picture has fringes, and this one doesn’t…” Cas registers the look on Dean’s face. “It’s fine, really. Thank you.”
“Doesn’t mean we can’t have fun tryin'. I’ve got an evolutionary imperative for you right here in my boxers.” Dean smiles wickedly.
“Oh really? I think after last time we were on this bed, it’s your turn to kiss my....”
“I left to hit the can, and when I got back you were all over some other guy. What was I supposed to do, hang around and watch? Pick up some pointers?” Dean says acidly.
If he knows his weddings (and he does, he’s been to enough of his cousins’ nuptials) this one is in the post-dinner, dancing stage. The bride is on the dance floor with her bridesmaids, shaking it to a Rihanna song. People are lingering at the tables with coffee cups and wine glasses in front of them. And there’s Gabe, at the bar,
Genesis, it’s just shitty Phil Col —” Belatedly, Dean remembers Cas’s recent infatuation with Phil Collins ballads. Cas had found a shoebox full of Phil Collins and Santana cassettes at a yard sale outside of Lincoln a few weeks back, and to Dean’s dismay liked the former way better than the latter. Dean has had a far closer relationship with Phil Collins over that time than he ever wanted — listening to the tapes had inevitably led to Cas downloading Phil’s entire discography onto his phone.
“It’s a mystery,” Cas answers, “It’d make more sense if it were part of a tank.”
“No worries,’ Dean says, obviously trying to bring the smile back under control, “Take your time. Jess still has to toss the bouquet and we gotta do the garter thing.” The smile escapes again. “I’ll, um, leave you alone to…” he pauses for a significant second, “finish up.” And with a last flash of teeth he heads out to the hall.
, deserves special surprise dessert.
“She’s in there?” Dean asks.
“Huh, so you felt it too,” Dean says, relaxing back into his seat. “At the risk of sounding like a chick flick, I felt a connection. I couldn’t stop thinking about you, haven’t really since that night.”
I can't see but I feel it
and disappears into the forest. Oh. Yeah. That’s right. Shojos can move things with their minds. Which is why sneaking up on them is so important.
He’s barely awake, flashlight drooping in his hand when he hears the sound of someone approaching. That wakes him up fast. Odds are that it’s Cas, but Dean has no idea what he’s going to do if it isn’t. He exhales in relief when Cas comes into the light.
The next day is New Year’s Eve. Cas has signed up for an aurora-watching tour, they’re going to be driven out on the tundra away from the lights of Churchill. There’s some worry about the weather; it’s clear now, but overcast might be setting in as there’s a cold front coming that might be bringing snow. He’s tired from his day of travel, but excited to be finally seeing the aurora.
“Gabe, we can’t stay.”
“Yeah. I knew a guy.” Dean smiles at the memory. Vincent had been fun. Fun and passionate. Vincent Picard. Dean had not been able to resist calling him Jean-Luc. Especially in bed.
“I don’t want this.”
“Cas is a grown man, Dean.”
. Dean is disappointed at this. He starts to thank the woman, but she interrupts to ask if he’s
Dean asks, “What was that all about? I heard the yelling from the inn. I could only understand a few words, something about girls? You poaching someone’s girlfriend?”
“Yes. It’s my fucking job, Dean. I work all the measles clinics. And so does Meg.”
“Dean.” Sam had looked at him, “He’s thousands of years old, he’s survived Purgatory and Leviathans. He can look after himself for a while. Even without grace. You’ve taught him a lot.” Dean had grabbed his cell. Cas’s phone was not showing on the tracking app.
“Well, we could head back there, grab a burger and a motel room and go back to the school in the morning,” Dean says as he pulls some bills out of his wallet to leave on the table, and slides out of the booth. They cross to the door, the bell tinkling as they step out into the chill fall night. “Maybe we’ll have better luck this time.”
Dunes of sand are visible here and there, now tinted yellow as the sun rises higher. Strange fingers of stone and mushroom-shaped outcrops jut upwards out of the sand. The wind has abraded the sandstone for thousands of years, sculpting the rock into pillars and pinnacles of fantastic shape, some towering two hundred or more feet in the air, and others toppled and lying like cut trees across the landscape. They’re up on the Ennedi Plateau now, and the outcroppings are more frequent. Large towers and arches go by and are left behind in the dust kicked up by the jeep.
Cas just grins.
“Incoming,” Gabe says under his breath, putting his glass on the table. Cas straightens up, unconsciously putting himself in front of his brother.
Dean’s glad for the rescue. “Both of you are doctors?”
“Are the girls all okay?” Cas asks, when she lets him go. “I was coming to help, but got pinned down. Too many bullets.”
“Well, --”
Cas has his sat phone again, and when he notices that Dean is awake, he cuts off the conversation and comes back over.
“Cas, I’m glad you’re staying here. Really glad. I’ve missed you when you’re not here. You don’t know how happy it makes me to know you’re going to live here now.”
Dean waggles his eyebrows. “Probably because you were remembering the amazing sex,” he teases.
“Hi, Charlie,” he says, when it becomes obvious that he’s not going to be able to avoid her in the small lobby.
“Ah,” Meg says, swallowing a bite of her sandwich, “a hipster.”
“You sounded very convincing.” Dean hands Cas the bottle of water again, and Cas drinks some.
“What are you doing, Dean?” Cas asks.
“Sammy,” he says with finality. ‘I got this.”
,” says Cas. “It’s a type of oasis. The water table hits the surface here.”  Dean is speechless, taking it all in. “It’s kind of like a highway rest stop. The salt caravans rest their camels here and let them drink. They’ve done it for millennia.” The camels are loud, milling around restlessly. A few young ones peer at them curiously from underneath their standing parents.
“I don’t know. I spent the night, had coffee with him in the morning, and then panicked and snuck out while he was taking a shower.”
“I bet it’s safe for me to be going now, they’ve probably chased the bear out of town.” Cas’s voice makes it a question.
They walk down Beverly Street, past tree-shaded century-old houses of Baldwin Village on the edge of Chinatown, proud dowagers now divided up for student housing for the U of T and the other universities clustered in downtown Toronto. There’s no breeze and the sun feels warm and it actually feels like spring might be on its way. They cut across at Dundas and down McCaul Street past the Ontario College of Art and Design’s flagship building, an architectural marvel—a black-and-white spotted box seemingly floating in the sky over an 1920s red brick building, held up by a dozen multi-coloured legs. Past this, the CN Tower looms large, and Cas thinks this is probably his favourite view in all of Toronto.
“Cas?”
Cas walks down the hallway, and into the lobby. The further away he gets, the more in control of himself Dean feels. That’s more like it. There’s a hunt to concentrate on. No time for rogue boners. Sounds of laughter and music are coming from the dining room as he passes the door, and he takes a moment to look in before continuing towards the winery’s entrance.
“I think I can shower by myself, thanks.” Dean isn’t sure why he’s being a jerk. He knows he’s doing it but he doesn’t seem to know how to stop.
“Yes.”
“What's wrong?” In Dean’s voice, concern is winning out over passion. “Do you want to stop?”
“Two days.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t have hit the booze so hard the last couple of days.”
Victor rolls his eyes and continues.  “He’s a local warlord, from the Toubou tribe — went to school in England. He came back after and took up with a splinter group of the Boko Haram. He and his crew have been raiding for a couple of years now. They come in riding Land Cruisers armed with assault rifles and grenade launchers. They steal anything useful. Lately they’ve been kidnapping too; school girls, like down in Kenya, brides for the ‘soldiers’ and foreigners for ransom. He’s more about the money than the ideology.”
Snow is coming down now, blanketing the green grass of the grove. The green leaves turn brown as Dean and Cas watch. And there’s a shuffling of feet through snow beyond the ring of oaks, as four figures break away from the far side of the grove and make their way back to towards the spa and civilization.
“You’re not helping,” Cas says.
“The bartender.” Cas gestures at the bottles he’s put down on the table as if it should be obvious. His face is carefully blank.
Dean grins and falls into step beside him. Cas leads him up what looks like a dry riverbed and into a canyon in the rock, its entrance a wide black fissure. The sandstone walls rise up several storeys high, blocking the sun and casting them into shadow. It’s quiet too, the wind that was present out in the open gone now. The canyon twists and turns and they walk for quite a while. Dean glances over at Cas, wondering how long it’s going to take to get to wherever the fuck they’re going. Cas must be able to read his expression because he smiles and says, “Don’t worry, it’ll be worth it. I promise.”
Cas gets up and Dean can see he’s got the gun in his hand again. “I’ll be right back, I’m going to go check out the ‘fucking armed men’ situation.” Dean’s not sure if he should be pissed off or reassured by Cas’s flippant reaction to being hunted by Islamist insurgents in an ancient natural labyrinth most of a day’s journey from anywhere that could remotely be called civilization. He decides that he’s too tired and scared to be pissed off.
Several things hit Dean at once as he shakes the man’s hand.
“Did you get close to me so I wouldn’t notice Youssef’s being places he shouldn’t? You two really should communicate better. He’s been busy trying to warn me off you. I bet my showing up in Faya after those guys attacked you was super convenient.” His voice drips sarcasm.
“So, no luck finding him then?” Meg asks, changing the subject.
And suddenly it all feels wrong. Cas feels briefly faint. He shakes his head to dislodge intrusive thoughts of Michael.
“I know, I know. But I freaked out about sleeping with someone else, someone not Michael.”
They travel for hours, and it’s not the most comfortable Dean’s ever been in his life. His leg is throbbing, but it’s a small mercy that their hands are cuffed in front of them and not behind. Meg looks like she’s sleeping and Dean’s vaguely resentful that she’s relaxed enough to fall asleep. He’s caught in a maelstrom of unwanted thoughts about Cas and is worried what Mashaya is  going to do to him and Meg when they get where they’re going. Meg shifts in her sleep and slumps over towards him. He catches her with his cuffed hands and rearranges her so she’s sleeping with her head on his lap. The warmth of another person is reassuring. He drifts off too.
“OK, let’s go. There are better places to hang out than in here," Cas says, and steers Dean back outside.
“Nah, I think those are fireworks.” Dean pulls him down again and says, “think we’re working on some fireworks of our own.”
“Yeah, well it could be worse, we could still be eating stuff made by...”
internal freakout that he’s sure is just over the horizon.
In the morning, they set out again through the sea of dunes that Victor tells Dean is called an
Cas wraps him in a towel and sits him on the bench. His touch is clinical, and Dean’s not sure if that’s good or disappointing. But as Cas stands back up after tucking the towel around Dean’s waist, he has a first-hand view that Cas isn’t as unmoved by the situation as his professional demeanor might suggest. Cas pulls his tee shirt and shorts back on, grinning at Dean when he notices where Dean’s eyes were lingering, but doesn’t say anything as he helps him to his feet.
“Dammit Cas.”  He’d phoned Cas, and the call had gone to voicemail. “Cas, get back here right now. You’re being stupid.”
Dean laughs a little bitterly, “I don’t know what I expected. I just enjoyed your company the night before and I thought you did too. I wanted to get to know you better. That, uh,” he looks down, “that didn’t just feel like a one-night stand. I was really happy the next morning, thinking about spending the day with you. Taking you for breakfast, maybe out snowmobiling. And then I came out of the shower and you were gone.”
“Hey, no big deal. I’m fine, Cas. Cold hands, warm heart.” It was out before Dean could stop himself. An automatic response. Cas tilted his head and looked up at Dean.
“I did too. Felt a connection. And it scared the crap out of me.”
or the effect of the spell is going to be different from what you wanted. See the one at the top, the
“What did she say to you before she...acorned herself?”
. Dean looks over at him, smiling.
“Is it far?” Dean asks.
. His leg is throbbing again, and he winces, letting his head fall back against the car. It’s silent now, the gunfire has stopped.
“She’s not the one who needs warning.”
“Oh for Christ’s sake, let’s get you inside where it’s warm.” And like an echo of that first night, Dean’s hands are on Cas, pulling him through the door and into the blessed warmth of the familiar living room. Cas kicks off his boots as Dean pulls his parka off him, and he stumbles over to the couch, Dean pulling the afghan off the back and wrapping it around Cas’s shoulders to stem the shivering. He’s spared talking right away as Dean strides into the kitchen and Cas can hear the sound of the tap running and the kettle being filled. He leans back and closes his eyes and doesn’t open them again until he hears Dean return.
The Land Cruiser door closes with an expensive-sounding thunk behind Dean. Meg looks over from where she’s leaning against the opposite window. Her wrists, like Deans’, are secured with zip ties. She still looks mad enough to kill, but smiles at him and quotes
“I’m really glad you’re not Boko Haram, Cas. I’m pretty sure that’d be a dealbreaker in a boyfriend.”
“Hey,” she answers, looking up at him speculatively, his friendly tone throwing her. Cas isn’t the only one who seems different now.
The path leads down to a stream and some formal gardens, abandoned in the cool night air. Empty. The perfect place for a shojo kill. Cas is humming something to himself, playing the drunk to perfection, and the shojo slips sinuously closer, long nails poised to rake across his unsuspecting back. Dean picks up his pace, running as silently as he can, sword raised to plunge into the shojo. And that’s when the whole plan goes to shit. Dean trips over a tree root snaking across the path and does an Olympic gold medal–worthy faceplant on the cedar chips of the path, the force of the fall knocking the sword from his grasp.
“Huh.” Dean looks suspiciously at the chopsticks that are wrapped in a napkin beside his placemat next to the oddly shaped ceramic spoon.
The city left far behind them, they camp that night under the biggest sky Dean has ever seen. The Milky Way cuts a glowing path across it, and, when the campfire gutters and goes out, Dean lies in his sleeping bag and looks up at the Big Dipper hanging low over the northern horizon. Kansas seems very far away.
“True. But I like you, and you never do anything for yourself. Let go, live a little! Do something just for the hell of it. Don’t analyze it to death.” She smiles at him and he feels a reluctant smile break out on his face.
They’re lying there, Dean still breathing hard and about to reach for Cas, when they hear the first noises.
They’re in Cas’s living room with pizza and a beer each when they do a 411 search for Dean Winchester on Cas’s laptop. No Dean Winchester in Churchill. Cas slumps over on the couch, defeated. “He must just have a cellphone.”
Dean’s hands find their way into Cas’s hair. Clothes are pushed back and pulled off. Nails scrape across skin as Cas draws Dean up against him, and he feels the same mix of passion and euphoria as the last time.
before they’re kissing, and all doubt flees under the dizzying pressure of the kiss. Dean’s lips are warm on his and it feels like all things good. It feels like coming home.
and something small falls on the grass. Cas bends down and picks it up. An iridescent green acorn lies in his palm.
Cas drives slowly out of Fada as the road is occupied by villagers walking solo or in pairs or leading donkeys. A few miles outside of town, Cas consults the compass on the dash of the jeep and cross checks it with a GPS unit that's suction-cupped to the windshield. They head southeast off the road onto a faint track. The sun is just peeking over the horizon, changing the colour of the sandy soil from grey to pale rose.
“Dean, I’m sorry—”
“Hippie God crap?”
He finally looked at her with a smile and a not-quite-humble shrug.
Dean straightened. “The hell it isn’t. You told me everything I do is out of love. You told me it was I was the reason you learned to love. What is it, Cas?”
“Thank you, Charlie.”
“We can,” Castiel said. “That’s how the few nephilims we’ve had came into being; angels could fall in love with humans. Or with each other, for that matter, but most do not. Opening yourself to love… it takes a lot of free will. Our job isn’t to love; it’s to serve our Father.”
Dean looked behind him. “You up to something important?” His eyes widened. “Wait, is that the map table?”
Cas picked up the lube and squeezed its fingers before pressing two against Dean’s entrance.
“This whole time?”
“Why are you kneeling?”
“Are you sure?” Cas nipped Dean’s ear and sucked at the spot behind it, making Dean’s toes curl.
as a kid and Burt Reynolds giving him a funny feeling in his stomach, he realized men could be attractive in a way that women were. He had shrugged it off as something everyone must feel because why not? People are people, and some people are crazy hot.
“You were still hunting?” It sounded less like a question than a disappointed statement.
“I wasn’t sure. I’d only seen you with women.”
“Whoa! Don’t make an angel jealous.”
“You got a place nearby, or should we check out the rest of the garden…?”
Castiel pushed inside, and his mind went blank. Everything he had ever known, for all of creation, was swept away until there was only Dean. Cas was neither angel nor man; his existence was only for Dean.
“No buts. I only wanted my question answered,” Cas said. “You want me, and I want you, and you cannot argue with the reasons I want you because they are mine.”
“Sounds like you got through that okay, at least until the killing part,” Dean said with a smile. “Don’t worry, I can walk you through it.”
“You’re right about that; that’s for damn sure.” Dean runs a thumb through the condensation trickling down his glass. “He was, uh, my partner.” The word feels heavy on his tongue, but that’s what they were, right? No one else ever came close to being that to Dean. A best friend, someone he
Dean ran his hands through Cas’s thick hair and let Cas tug him closer so their chests were pinned. He brushed his tongue across that plump bottom lip, and Cas parted his lips for him; still, he was tentative with his tongue. He knew Cas had kissed before, he’d
“Is this okay?” he asked. Cas closed his eyes and nodded, pawing at the muscles in Dean’s back, making it very difficult to undress him. Dean pulled Cas’s arms away. “Hang on.”
—maybe it was Heaven, but his angel tasted sweet, like milk and honey. Fucking biblical.
“I… was risen. I was in the Empty, but it couldn’t sleep. It was so loud… then quiet, completely still. A while later, I was here. Well, not
Dean rested his hands on Cas’s hips. He licked his lips and stared a Cas for a long moment. “Only if you’re ready.”
Dean closed his eyes, hands petting Cas’s hair, trying to ground himself, which was challenging to do in
Dean nodded, his mouth a desert. They held each other’s gaze until Dean finally let his eyes drift down Cas’s body. Holy fuck. He knew, well, he knew Cas would look
Cas leaned back in his chair and exhaled. This type of power had distorted Castiel in the past. It’s “above his pay grade,” as Dean might say. That responsibility, that power… what if he can't manage it? What he goes mad?
“No,” she said. “I want to stay. I think you should go.”
“What are you talking about?”
Chapter 1: Endless Numbered Days (album title)—Iron and Wine
Cas smiled wearily. “I had my grace back, but it was… new. Like a fledgling’s. I couldn’t fly, I had to relearn everything. I ended up in Nepal. And Winnipeg. I tried healing animals, I tried to hear my brothers speak, hear prayers, but it was… chaotic. Unstable.”
“No, it isn’t.”
. He was just screaming at the sky. Jack never came back, never responded to his or Sam’s prayers about Cas. The world had gone back to the way it was, everyone in place except Cas.
“No.” Jack frowned. “I wanted to give Earth a fighting chance to work on its own, not to have angels and their Maker constantly interfering. As it was in the beginning, when angels only became involved under certain circumstances.”
He thought it was two days since Cas left, though he’s not strictly keeping up with the calendar at the moment. Time felt pretty damn pointless; it was full of waiting. Would they find Chuck? Would they be able to take him on? Was there any chance he’d get Cas back? That stupid son of a bitch. He and Dean hadn’t even talked about how to escape Billie; bastard just decided he’d sacrifice himself to save Dean. Again.
when He created you lying in bed
Cas’s head cocked to the side. “I meant you, Dean.”
Dean froze as Cas held his gaze and flexed his shoulders. The wings burst from Cas’s back with a woosh of air. His wingspan was, shit, maybe twelve feet? About as wide as two of Dean spread out behind him.
“Cas… fuck,” Dean keened. He took his own knees in his hands and greedily spread them further.
Cas’s eyes widened.
Dean lost track of time. By the clock on the dash, he’d been driving a couple of hours, but who knew how heavenly time worked. Still, it stayed bright and springtime outside the car, and he never saw another vehicle.
Dean nodded. “I figured, but I mean, I wasn’t even sure you
It was overwhelming.
Dean looked up at the top of the stairs. Trench coat, tie, blue eyes. He hopped from his chair, not wanting to let himself believe…
Cas was a quick kissing study and deftly massaged Dean’s tongue with his own. Fuck, he was making out with
of you.”
The blue eyes were actually there in front of Dean. He was awake, this was real. They were real.
“Yeah?” Dean signals the bartender with two fingers. “How long have you been together? If you don’t mind my asking—”
Cas smiled. “I’m not a guardian angel. Those don’t exist.” Cas shifted on the bed, so he was kneeling on his heels. “I’m just me. I’m
“You tryin’ to get rid of me that fast, huh?”
“We all like him,” Cas said. “That is why we’re all here, after all.”
Jack escorted Cas to the garden in the middle of Heaven. It looked different than he’d seen it last, but no less lush. A lawn of feathery, groomed grass spread before him, surrounded by a thick forest. The canopy of trees, dressed in all manner of emerald leaves, stretched toward a brilliant, unblemished sky. Blossoms sprung from the forest floor, festooning the greenery with splendid color. The flowers were from varying climates and ecosystems harmoniously sharing the sacred soil.
Dean looked at him and smiled. “Just you.”
Cas smiled as a tear skated down his cheek. “Are you sure?”
“I want to feel you inside me, Cas.” Dean held eye contact, and it punched the air from Cas’s lungs. “If you aren’t up to that tonight, that’s okay.”
Dean let out a huff of air. It was dark, cut, and, okay, average, but fuck. It was Cas. He felt Cas’s eyes wander about his body, his breath quickening. Dean held out a hand and Cas all but dove on the bed.
Cas furrowed his brows. “You’ve done this before?”
“But how did he summon the Empty?” Sam asked.
Dean’s face lit the room with a grin. “It is.”
Dean slid his hands around to Cas’s abdomen and kissed along the edges of the wings on either side of Cas’s spine. The wings twitched beneath his mouth, and, oh,
“Why not?” Cas asked. “It’s the truth.”
“You should’ve told me.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Didn’t have to agree so fast.”
Once he has a seat and glass of whiskey at the bar, a woman takes the stool next to him. She’s a wisp of gorgeousness with dark hair and, of-fucking-course, blue eyes. Dean doesn’t have it in him to even look twice. He hadn’t checked out another woman in months. Or a man.
Cas nodded. “I’m yours. My body, my grace, it’s yours, Dean.”
Dean’s shoulders shook with unchecked laughter. “I’m pretty sure we made up this ‘situation,’ and there’s no right or wrong way to do it.”
“So,” Deirdre says, “back to my original question: are you okay?”
“Yes, I asked about you, dumbass.” Dean quieted. “I hated the thought of you being in the Empty; you deserved better than that. And, hell, you’re Jack’s
Dean nods, and a helpless chuckle escapes his throat. “You could say that. He was...well, he was kind of everything. I guess. We’d been...we knew each other for about twelve years. We kept getting closer, but there was something there right from the beginning, ya know?”
Bobby walked up to John. “I’d think real hard before finishing that sentence.”
Cas’s cheeks burned in an annoyingly human way. “Lead the way.”
Cas collapsed against Dean, both trying to catch their breaths. Dean curled himself around Cas, arms and legs keeping Cas in place. They stayed that way as Cas softened inside him, until Cas finally pulled out, making Dean whine with loss.
Dean slowed and pulled into a single parking space in front of what looked to be a park. He stretched his legs as he closed the car door behind him and was happy to realize there were no cracking joints for the first time in years. A cobblestone path appeared before him, so he started walking. Yeah, serious Dorothy vibes.
Dean turned toward Cas. “You know I’m not ashamed of you or anything, right?”
“You’ve seen Kelly?”
Cas stood by the bar a while, giving the Winchesters some time together. Mary had tears in her eyes, looking worried then happy. John said something that made her stiffen, and Dean look to the floor. John’s face darkened and Mary snapped at him, reaching for Dean’s arm, but he jerked it away.
“I know,” Dean said. “I know, I just… I don’t think I have that information right now.”
“Come on, you had to know something was up.” Dean laughed and wiped at his nose. “My entire life was hunting. It was my dad and Sam, and that’s it. Never made anything else stick, not even friends. Except you. For the past, what, twelve years we’ve been together. You’ve been the most constant thing in my life that I wasn’t born into.”
“Why?” Dean shouted. “Because I prayed to that asshole every night! He godded-up and left us. I just—I needed to know you were okay! I didn’t know where you were, if he just left you in the Empty, or what the hell to think.”
“Dean…”
Story: Just a Memory—ODESZA
“Not long, actually,” Jack said. “About a month, Earth time. It took us a couple weeks to get to Chuck, and since then, I’ve been figuring out what I am.
Cas kiss before, but knew he didn’t have a hell of a lot of experience and didn’t want to spook the guy—
Not much later, Cas found himself sitting at a booth in the back of the bar. The place was full of Dean’s friends and family; watching Dean talk with such joy warmed Cas more than the, what Dean assured him was top shelf, whiskey in his tumbler. Old friends were meeting new. Jo and Ellen were gleefully pouring drinks behind the bar. It was the homecoming Dean deserved.
John held up his hands. “Okay, okay.” He looked at Cas. “Wouldn’t want to get between you and your little
“That’s it?”
And Sam... his brother could probably get into law school, live that dream he had fifteen years ago, but he wasn’t. He and Eileen were busy turning the bunker into a kind of command center for hunters.
“But?”
Chapter 4: Take Me to Church—Hozier
“They’re well,” Jack said. “When I left, they seemed in good spirits.”
. The angel he fought with and cared for and depended on for the past twelve years was in his mouth.
“We’re what?” Cas asked.
Jack smiled. “I’ll share it. Heaven has always worked by feeding on the energy of angels. There aren’t a lot of you left, but even if there were, my Heaven shouldn’t have to be fueled by your grace. I have enough to run it myself. Also, you and the other angels all have your full grace back and your wings. I think I can focus my energy on bringing back the worlds Chuck destroyed. They shouldn’t have to suffer because their God got bored of them.”
They stayed that way for a while, their breaths in sync and fingers drawing lazy circles on each other. Eventually, Dean froze, and, well, Cas had prepared himself for this possibility. He hated thinking it could happen—regrets from Dean—but he couldn’t be entirely sure how Dean would react to love, to sex, and to the fact that he was in Heaven.
. You’re not better than me.”
“Are you sure?” Jack asked, hovering near Cas. “You’re… you’re really okay?”
“But what about here? Haven’t you seen him before tonight? You better have, and he’s not avoiding you.”
“Jack?”
“You’re a really irritating guardian angel, you know that?”
“That sounds good, Jack; I just want to make sure you stay, well, you.”
Dean is still laughing when Cas rolls on top of him and kisses him.
“It’s Cas. Castiel Novak. And that was my brother Gabe, it’s really his name.”
The man grins, and then grimaces because of the cut on his lip. It’s an attractive smile and makes his face look much less forbidding. Dean’s reminded uncomfortably of his attraction to the man the first time he saw him. “Yeah. I know it’s not exactly good for the weather here, but it’s kind of a good luck charm. My name’s Cas.” He leans against the whitewashed wall for support and kicks aside the remains of a broken bottle.
They get down to work, flipping the long white laminate boards around until the magic combination of holes are oriented correctly and pounding in dowels and tightening screws to build the square bed frame. They work pretty well together as a team. Dean lays the parts out, Cas cross-checks with the instructions and rearranges as necessary. Their fingers brush occasionally, when Cas hands Dean a screw or a dowel. The slight touches are like sparks on Dean’s skin. And even when his back is to Cas, Dean is aware of him, is mapping out his location with some sixth sense that seems to work on body heat or grace or something.
Dean opens his mouth to ask about werewolves in Kansas, but remembers a hairy (in all senses of the word) weekend in Olathe a few years back and changes gears.
Cas is backing up as the shojo advances, stepping as carefully as he can without looking at his feet, getting further away from the lighted path, Dean, and the sword. Dean can see his eyes in the moonlight. He looks afraid, but in control, all pretence of being drunk gone.
The bottle’s down about halfway (it’s been a pretty good pouting session) when Dean gets a bright idea. If he can’t defeat the squirrel with bird-feeder technology, and he can’t shoot it, maybe the Men of Letters can help him get rid of the freeloader without hurting it. Maybe there’s a spell to magick it away. That should get him back in Cas’s good graces. And he’s off to the library, only stumbling a little bit.
They end up eating lamb and sticky rice. A bowl of dates follows, no doubt courtesy of the date palms that provide the oasis town with its most valuable resource. After two days on the move, it’s pleasant to sit still and enjoy the food. They spend a few hours there and it’s nearly midnight when they retrace their steps through moonlit lanes back to the inn.
Abandoning all attempts at stealth, Dean charged Cas and tackled him into the snow, landing on top of him and mercilessly washing his face with a handful of snow.
together at her place, with her sister.” Cas’s eyebrows rise at that. “Guilty pleasure,” Dean says defensively. “That song played after Johnny Drake died, and it’s so dramatic and Jess cried so hard that I teased her about it forever, so it became our song.”
Dean turns his head to the side and watches as Cas lies down on the bed beside him, grinning. Dean can’t help but smile, his satisfaction transitioning into fondness.
“Well, It
“They’re fine, she answers. “We spent most of the day lying on the floor, but we’re all fine.” She hugs Dean for good measure. “Thanks for the heads up.”
But it is. He’s clad in a grey suit, and clean shaven, a lanyard with the conference ID hanging around his neck. He’s heading from the concourse into the giant exhibit room where all the mining companies and mining equipment companies have their booths. The room seems to spin around Cas. Making some kind of excuse, he extricates himself from Claire and Vicki and nearly sprints across to where he saw Dean just a few moments before. But the room is huge, and a lot of the (mostly) men standing around booths and walking in the aisles are wearing grey suits. Cas casts around looking everywhere. The hum of conversation in the room is affecting his concentration as he darts down one of the aisles, head swivelling as he looks for Dean. A colleague he recognizes from a conference a year or so previously, a base metals guy from the University of Colorado, standing in front of a diamond-drilling company booth catches his eye and heads his way, already smiling, but Cas points to his watch and mouths sorry as he hurries past.
coming,” Dean says, swaying slightly on his feet.
The canyon makes one more turn and then opens up into a huge cavern-like area. Dean stops dead. In front of him, ribbed and scoured sandstone walls stretch up for hundreds of feet all around them, glowing ochre and amber in the late morning light. Interconnected pools of black water cover the sandy floor, and everywhere he looks there are camels. Hundreds of them, standing in the pools, drinking, Standing beside the pools. Lying in the shade of the canyon walls. A small group of men in the robes and veiled turbans like he’d seen in Faya-Largeau, Bedouins maybe, lounge against the sun-warmed rock.
While she’s distracted by Cas, he manages to stand. His wounds are superficial, but even if they weren’t, he doesn’t have time to worry about them right now. Cas’s diversion is working. The shojo is advancing on him. Dean looks around for the sword.
“I can’t tell you that. You need to stay out of this.”
“Relax, bro. At least let me finish this drink and then we’ll see about leaving.” Cas realizes this is about the best he’s going to get from Gabe when he’s in this mood. Cas leans back against the bar and lets his eyes follow Dean again. The song’s over and he’s on the other side of the room talking to an older couple, the man with a greying beard and in a wheelchair, the woman with long brown hair. Next to them is a blonde girl who listens to what Dean’s saying and then looks shocked and slaps him on the arm, but then bursts out laughing. Dean grins at her and moves off. A redhead calls him over, hugging him tightly as he drops a kiss on the top of her head. Dean is well-loved by his family and friends, it seems. As if Cas conjures it, Dean looks over and catches Cas’s eye from where he’s standing. He smiles at Cas for a long moment, and then drags his attention back to the red-haired girl.
“They’re merely fulfilling an evolutionary imperative, Dean. They’re propagating the species, passing along their DNA to the next generation.”
They come to another break in the maze, an open sandy area, probably a third the size of a football field, most of it in shadow as the sun falls lower in the sky. Cas stops and looks across at the passages on the other side. “We’re going to run across and into the second passage on the left. The one with the acacia tree just to the right of it. Got it?”
The two-hour flight to Churchill seems to take forever, he manages to sleep a little, his head pillowed on his wadded up parka against the window, but it’s only mid-afternoon when he lands. He takes a cab to the hotel where Charlie and Dorothy stayed. He left in such a hurry that he had totally forgotten to reserve a room, but he’s lucky, there’s one available. He figures he’s got a couple of hours to find out Dean’s address before he gets home from work. After he dumps his carry-on in his room, too antsy to change out of the white shirt and dress pants he’d put on that morning, he heads downstairs to the restaurant. ‘Ellen’s Place’ is burned into a honey-coloured slab of wood over the door. He sits at the bar and orders a beer and burger, suddenly famished.
. Yeah, I may have, under an extreme amount of stress, maybe, possibly, used a term of endearment in your direction.”
And there it is, an opening, the chance to tell Cas the thing he’s been nurturing in secret for longer than he cares to admit. Ugh. He
“Who’s Benny?”
Cas sighs irritably. “No. Just watch.”
“Jeez Cas, we’re gonna be here all night. Why don't you just mojo it together.”
“Good morning.” He heads straight for the coffee maker and Dean feels perversely proud that he’s instilled that habit in Cas. It gives them something to do together, a thing to share. Last thing he wants is Cas knocking back herbal tea with Sam. Dean shudders at the thought, eyes lingering on Cas’s back.
”I didn’t ask for your help. I don’t need your help. You can go now.” The blue-eyed man glares at Dean.
Cas chats with the two women seated closest to him. They introduce themselves as Charlie and Dorothy. They’ve flown up from Chicago to come see the bears and the northern lights. They’re funny and gregarious, and Cas thinks Meg would probably get along with Dorothy, the snarkier of the two.
The scene changes. Dean can see himself in a confessional. The shadow of the screen half obscuring his face.
“Hey I —” Cas stops. “Fair point.” He sits up and opens the half-finished bottle of water from the night before. “How long are you here in Faya-Largeau?” he asks Dean, and takes a long drink.
“So?”
Cas sips his beer and texts Meg to tell her he’s arrived safely in Churchill and is on the hunt for Dean. Ellen is loading bottles of beer from a box into a fridge below the bar, and when she sees Cas put his phone down, she asks him if he’s ready for another beer.
Mashaya stands up from where he was crouched behind the car. He swings the rifle around and trains it on Cas. And it’s like time slows down for Dean, everything fades away — the sound of the gunshots, the bullets splitting the air, the yelling — and all he can hear is the beating of his heart. The sky is amber, still reflecting light from the sun that’s dropped below the horizon, and he sees the barrel of the rifle silhouetted against it, pointing at Cas. He takes a deep breath, and heedless of the pain in his leg, springs up from where he’s crouching and before he knows it, he’s airborne.
“Cas, I’m sorry too. I was so wound up with getting that goddamned squirrel away from your feeder. I kinda lost perspective.”
“He let one of the microprobe techs go. Said they were not ‘working up to expectations.’“
His eyes are drawn back to the split in the rock. Cas is sliding down feet first, unarmed, using both hands to keep himself upright.
“Oh for fuck’s sake, Cas, I’ll look after the cat for you.”
Dean pats the pocket of his robe. “Please. No way I’m leaving Baby’s keys in a locker. What if we needed to make a quick getaway?” They cut between two buildings and down into the tree-lined parking lot to where Baby is parked in a far corner. They walk as fast as they can through the frigid night air and Dean starts Baby up the moment they’re both inside. But she’s been sitting in the cold all day, so when Cas scoots across the bench seat and leans against Dean for warmth, he doesn’t complain. And then the interior of the car starts to glow. Blue light leaks from Cas and surrounds both of them. Dean can feel the tingle again, the one that’s a mix of arousal and the warming, healing pulse of Cas’s grace.
“I think so. Help me up.” Cas pulls him carefully to his feet. He can stand on his own, and he can put weight on the leg, but he’s not going to be winning any awards for speed. Cas gathers up their belongings and they make their way slowly to the edge of the labyrinth to wait for rescue.
They’re flitting from branch to branch now, following her—they know the routine. They’d been shy at first when she started feeding them, but now they’ll stay put on a branch four or five feet away before darting in to snatch the crumbs from her palm. They’re almost weightless when they land, puffballs of feathers, only the pinch of tiny claws on her fingers to prove they’re really there.
“No,” Cas says, “that didn’t occur to me. I thought they’d be afraid of people and snowmobiles and cars.”
He smiles.
Cas smiles. “You have to keep the wound dry. I’m going to tape the bag over the bandage so you can shower. It’s just surgical tape, don’t be a baby.”
. Looks like this is an extra-special holiday for you guys. What made you pull your head out of your ass and come to your senses, Dean?”
“This is crazy. And since when do two men go to a spa together anyway?”
“Dean Winchester, this is Félix Badeh and Youssef Oueddei. Security and Asset Protection.” Both men nod. Félix is the younger of the two, in his late twenties probably, stocky, with a round face and an easy smile. Youssef is older, easily in his late forties, whip thin and looking none too impressed. His black hair is cropped close to his skull, a stripe of white stretching across the back of his head like someone had chalked it there.
After thanking Josie for the ride he takes a shuttle back to town with some of the other visitors and ends up back at the Airbnb. He’s booked for a second aurora buggy trip that evening, and he dutifully gathers his camera and outerwear and heads back to the tundra buggy headquarters. Charlie and Dorothy aren’t on this tour, and Cas doesn’t know whether he’s sad not to see his new friends again, or relieved that he doesn’t have to make small talk.
Green light plays across Dean’s face, shifting and shimmering over his features. Cas is lying beside him leaning on an elbow and running his fingers through Dean’s hair. He looks up. Through the space between the curtains, he can see the aurora, the emerald ribbons unfurling across the sky to the northeast, over Hudson Bay, its light bright enough to suffuse the room. He sits up abruptly, drawing in a reverent breath.
The man rolls his eyes. “God save me from fucking tourists. No, they’re to scare the bears away. Dude, that was way too close for comfort. You don’t fool around with bears. They’re apex predators. He would have tried to eat you.” The man moves to the living room window and looks out at the street.“Well, he’s moved on. Hopefully he’s headed out of town.”
Dean turns back to the table and looks at her suspiciously for a second. Rowena being nice to him is still somewhat of a new concept. Cas chooses that moment to join the crew.
“Yeah. There’s supposed to be a surprise dessert at midnight for everyone. Profiteroles, Jess’s favorite. The chef baked them earlier, but he just left for the ER. It looks like appendicitis. Gabe’s kinda blitzed but I figured that you’d be an old hand at filling them and making the chocolate sauce.” Dean gives him puppy dog eyes and Cas is lost. He doesn’t have a clear idea what profiteroles even are, but how can he not help? Telling Dean that he’s not Lucas the baker is not an option. It’s far too embarrassing, and besides, Cas wants everything to go perfectly for Dean.
“Oh my
“Jesus Christ, Cas! What are you
“Cas, oh my god. How bad are you hurt? No don’t move, babe. Lie still, let me take a look at your chest.”
Cas turned Dean and pushed him to the bed. By the time he landed, both he and Cas were naked.
“Is this what you want?” Cas’s voice sounded small as it interrupted Dean’s near-slumber.
He sat on the hood of the Impala, miles from the bunker in some nameless woods. Praying. Since Jack became God or whatever and fucking bounced, Dean prayed every night.
“He does,” Dean said. “He knows everything about me, so he knows everything about you.” He rubbed a hand down his face. “You know, I thought things could be different here, in Heaven of all places, but you’re still the same guy not taking responsibility for abandoning his kids over and over again! Sam wanted to get away from you, and, for some godforsaken reason, I wanted to
Jack stumbled into the room and froze. He stood for a beat, two, three…
“I’m well. I’m glad you’re enjoying it. When Jack and I set about rebuilding, you were one of the people I had in mind.”
Dean was always in Cas’s thoughts, wondering how he and Sam were doing. It was difficult not to worry, but as Cas adjusted to his new existence, he felt more at peace with leaving Dean behind. He hoped the hunter would have a long life, getting everything he desired. He hoped that he would remember Castiel with affection but not be consumed by loss. His wish, his prayer to the silent universe, was that Dean would move on and find love with someone worthy. That Cas would be a passing memory, a whisper when Dean needed strength, a story to tell his children at bedtime. This was what he wanted more than anything in existence—a good life for Dean Winchester.
That seed grew, nourished each time Dean was near. Dean’s selflessness, steadfastness, intelligence, and emotion kept altering Cas at his core. Cas’s nature was being reconstructed without him realizing. His fascination with Dean turned to admiration, and that admiration turned to love. The love was confounding. He cared deeply for other angels and Sam, but this wasn’t that. This was wildly different.
Deirdre squeezes his shoulder. “Promise.” She lets go of him. “Thanks for the drink, Dean. I hope things get easier for you.”
“You… bested Chuck?”
“I didn’t really think of it as ‘part of myself,’ like I didn’t identify one way or the other. I liked who I liked. Maybe I was in denial; I don’t know.” Well, if this wasn’t a boner killer. “It just, fuck… it wasn’t allowed.”
“This is amazing,” Dean whispered, reaching out to touch the trees and bushes and all kinds of plants. He had no idea what they were, just that they were beautiful.
“What did he say?”
Interesting.
Cas coated his index finger with the warm lubricant and teased Dean’s opening. Cas sighed as he smoothly pushed inside. Dean was tight and hot and did not seem to wish to let go of Cas’s finger. He slid his finger to the music of Dean’s gasps, the sweetest sound Cas could recall in all of history.
“Well,” Cas spread his arms, “he did. He took me out not long after he got here. I’ve been helping him renovate Heaven, trying to figure out how to do better.”
Dean sighed and scratched the back of his neck. “That’s fair, I kinda kept the whole dude thing on the low. Uh, I wasn’t exactly brought up thinking that was okay. Real men were with women, end of story.”
. I saved you. Again.”
“No!” Dean yelled. “You don’t get to judge me,
“Are you? Drowning in whiskey isn’t
“We don’t,” Cas said. “A lot of people find it comforting and, of course, there’s never any nightmares.”
“It’s just… a lot.”
A familiar flutter surrounded him and Cas put his hand on Dean’s cheek, running a thumb across his bottom lip, so he could see their surroundings. They were standing in Dean’s room. Cas flung the door closed and Dean heard the lock turn.
more than that, and so is Dean.”
Dean nuzzled into Cas’s palm. “Hey,” he said and waited until Cas looked at him. “I wouldn’t be here if I wasn’t sure.”
Jesus.
“John!” Mary hissed.
He knew what He was doing
The figure in front of him stood. “Hello, Dean.”
Chapter 2: Scar Tissue—Red Hot Chilli Peppers
Dean looks to the woman beside him and feels that it wasn’t the first time she asked that question. She studies his features with a frown, twirling a martini glass in her fingers.
Fuck it.
Dean sighed. “No, sir, it’s just… Look, we all fucked up that night; we all let them go.”
“You don’t have to be whole to love,” Cas said quietly.
“And what?” Cas asked.
Castiel stood up and extended his hand. “Stand.”
“Dean,” Cas growled. He took Dean’s aching dick in his hand and smeared the pre-cum around with his thumb. Dean squeezed his eyes shut and buried his face in Cas’s chest. Cas’s hand was soft and knew exactly how to touch Dean, and he was ready to come within moments.
Pamela’s lips were suddenly on Dean’s. To his credit, Dean jumped in surprise and gently pulled away.
“Jesus, Cas, come on—”
Sam glanced at Dean, but he ignored the look of admonition.
Cas sighed. “I know it is, but this is a lot for me too. I never thought we could have this. I must admit, I don’t know the proper thing to do in this situation.”
“For real,” Dean stated.
“No,” Cas’s eyes still downcast, “I told him I love him."
“That’s precisely why I’m telling you,” Cas said. “You don’t strike me as the surprise party type.” Dean smiled and nodded. “Spend some time with friends or alone… whatever you’d like. The Impala’s outside.”
Jack gently rested a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “We beat Chuck; we rewrote the ending. We’re
“Okay,” Dean said, tracing his fingers along Cas’s chest. “This isn’t really where I thought this was going.”
Cas lightly held Dean’s chin and turned his head toward Cas.
sorry for taking care of you for the past decade.” They continued to scrabble, following each other around the dungeon. “I saved you. I died for you. I watched you submerge yourself in this… this ridiculous need of yours to feel sorry for yourself—”
to. The de facto God of the universe was a three-year-old nephilim, but Cas found unwavering faith in him. It was the faith he felt millennia ago with God. It warmed his grace, as if the insides of his vessel were lighting up, and he had the urge to spread his wings. To flex them, ready to be useful, willing to work and make a tangible change for good.
“No, no, it’s not that. It’s just…” Dean closed his eyes. Cas started to take his hand from Dean’s shoulder, but Dean grabbed it and placed it back. He needed that hand where it was once scorched into his skin.
“And you left!” Dean shouted. He shoved Cas. “You told me you love me and just… just fucking vanished. You left me here!”
I am now. What I’m capable of, what I want to do.”
He nodded and reached to his nightstand, wincing as he pulled the tube from the top drawer.
“Please,” Dean gasped.
?” John was grumbling. “On a job?”
“Been better.” Dean takes a long drink and grits his teeth. Lately, whisky’s gotten harsher by the day. “Lost someone recently. It was, uh, it was unexpected.”
Cas nodded. “It took time, but it got better. I’m in control now.”
Dean shuddered as Cas swiftly removed his fingers. “Jesus, you’re gonna kill me, man.”
The first order of business was Jack building his mother a mansion near the garden. Then they took to the expanse of Heaven, erecting no walls, just open spaces. Each soul would have the power to manifest their ideal home without a conscious thought, all powered by Jack. Slowly they unpacked the towers of souls, reverently spreading them across the ever-increasing land of Heaven.
—and watched the scenery rushing past the car. Cas did a damn fine job. This road was that
Dean said something and nodded toward Cas. Pamela looked over and waved weakly, looking both apologetic and put out at once.
Castiel slowly made his way to consciousness, wings tucked back into an ethereal plane. Sun shimmered through the curtains, bringing a cool breeze with it. A body shifted behind him, and Cas closed his eyes, inhaling the familiar scent of his bedmate, and smiled.
“Jack’s in the gym practicing his Bobby moves. It’s just us,” Sam said. “What happened?”
, like as far as dudes went or whatever, but he was fucking magnificent. Where did those hipbones come from? His arms and legs were just so toned… and his dick.
Dean wasn’t ready to leave yet, but he was getting there, getting more comfortable being alone. Sometimes, at three in the morning, as he tried to sleep, Dean had a weird longing for the days of living in motels. Sleeping in a bed with Sammy on the other side of the room was safe; knowing Sam was there felt safe. Not alone, not lonely. Pathetic as it was, he needed to be close to Sam, at least for now. He felt like he had nothing else.
They stared at each other, and,
Jack stepped forward, a serene smile on his face. “Castiel,” he said, “it’s good to see you again. I hope you don’t mind that I woke you.”
“Don’t think that’s much of a surprise now, Cas.”
Cas’s eyes drifted shut and leaned his head on Sam’s shoulder.
Yeah…so...dudes are kinda hot. He gets that now. If he’s honest with himself, which he tries not to be, he always knew that. Ever since watching
John shoulder-checked Bobby as he stormed out of the bar.
“Thank you,” Jack said behind him. “I was hoping you’d like it.”
Dean put the Impala in drive and sped away from the Roadhouse. Cas was here. Had he been in Heaven the entire time? When did he get back? Did he know Dean was here? Why hasn’t he seen him yet? Did Cas even
“Better?” Cas’s voice was low as he stalked Dean, circling the bed.
“We’ll see,” Cas said with an exaggerated eye roll. “I have to hold onto this vessel, at least for a while.”
Dean grunted at Sam. “What about him?”
Dean walked away, ran a hand through his hair and down his face, then stepped back to Cas. And grabbed him by his blood-stained tie. “I don’t know what you want from me.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” John took a step toward Cas.
Cas nodded. “I told him right before I ‘died.’ It’s how I saved him so he could save the world.”
The bartender drops off fresh drinks for both of them. She picks up her glass.
“I don’t, um, I don’t have any pressing business at the moment.”
“Why didn’t you come right here?” Dean interrupted. “Why did it take you a
Dean sighed and glanced at Cas from the corner of his eye.
Cas pulled off of Dean with a slurp. “No, why, is this not correct?”
“I’d like that very much, Dean.”
Cas slapped Dean’s head with his wing, and Dean laughed.
He needed to chill out; this was Cas. Of course Cas wanted to see him; he probably just had important Heaven shit to do. Dean steadied his breath—funny how he was bordering on panic in friggin’
Cas licked the underside of Dean’s dick, his tongue flat and sure. He kissed his way up Dean’s cock and took the head in his mouth. He stared at Dean, who eventually nodded. Cas closed his eyes and sunk fully down, Dean hitting the back of his throat.
Dean slid his arms around Cas. “In a good way. I swear, I’ve never come so hard.” He nudged Cas’s chin up with his nose. “You are incredible.”
“You remembered that?”
“Jack…”
“Really? That’s all you want to know—logistics?” Dean snapped.
“I have, last night.”
That evening, with the sun slung low in purple clouds, Cas found Dean standing alone outside the Roadhouse.
“So you could’ve taken them out sixteen years ago, and you didn’t?”
Sam asked something else and Cas wanted to know how the end went down. Dean stood in the same spot, not really paying attention to their words. Cas was back. Again.
A cool breeze enveloped Dean, and he could only see wings shining before his eyes. They spun then Cas lowered his wings.
He looked at Dean with disgust. “Come on, Mary. We’re getting out of here.”
anything for you?”
Dean charged forward until he slammed Cas into the wall, glass crunching beneath their feet. Dean pressed his forearm across Cas’s chest, pinning him.
Chapter 3: Rivers and Roads—The Head and the Heart
They were silent as they traversed each other’s bodies with broad strokes and light touches. With reverent kisses. In a moment of synchronicity, they reached for each other’s cocks and their eyes closed with moans. Dean was hot and heavy in Cas’s hand, and he knew it was over. Cas would never want or need anything but this. He was irrevocably ruined by Dean Winchester, for Dean Winchester.
. “He, uh, he said his ultimate happiness was something he couldn’t have.”
“Ain’t so bad yourself.” Cas frowned at him. Right, Dean probably wasn’t supposed to deflect compliments with humor. “Sorry, just, uh, nervous I guess.”
Dean shook beneath him, and Cas lifted his head.
Dean massaged the wings’ thick muscles, amazed at how they seamlessly connected to Cas’s back. Cas’s mouth was off him now, face buried in Dean’s neck, and he
“I want to watch you.” Cas’s breath warmed Dean’s ear. “I reformed you with my hands. I breathed air into your lungs. I’ve seen the colors of your soul. I want to watch you climax.”
He pats her hand. “I am. Talking helped a lot.”
“What was that?”
It was as if a seed was planted all those years ago when Cas first saw Dean’s soul. The beauty of it had startled him; he’d never thought of humans that way. They were precious and to be protected, but were ultimately just another part of his Father’s creation. Rebuilding Dean Winchester, piece by piece, did something to Cas. For the first time, he felt things that had nothing to do with Heaven or his brethren.
“Dean,” he grunted, “I’m going to—”
Dean’s eyes crinkled with a smile. “So that’s a yes then.”
“Welcome to Heaven,” Cas rumbled. He rolled them until he was above Dean, straddling his hips. “I’m with you; what do you have in mind?”
“Fuck yes,” Dean panted. Cas pushed another finger inside and grazed Dean’s prostate. His hips jerked from the touch and the buzz that swarmed his body. “Cas,” he whined.
“The deal was the Empty would take him instead, but it wanted to fuck with Cas first. It told him it would only take Cas once he experienced a pure moment of happiness.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yes, I’m sure. Sometimes good things do happen, Cas.”
Cas and Jack spent ages pouring over the schematics and practicalities of Heaven. Time moved differently here, making it far easier to concentrate than on Earth with its constant urgency of moving around the sun.
speak to him like that again, I will cut you down.”
Dean leaned back in his chair and ran his hands down his face. “I know. It’s just… it’s personal.”
Then a moment came, and Cas walked outside to find Dean playing fetch with Miracle.
He felt Cas’s breath on his face. Dean’s other hand clawed down Cas’s back, hurting him, marking him.
“Come on, man, can we not talk about my fucked-up childhood while we’re naked?”
“Cas I—I can’t…” Dean was babbling. “This is too much. I don’t belong here. I mean, with you… I don’t deserve—”
“Thank you for being there,” Dean murmured into Cas’s neck.
Dean looked down at his half-eaten cake donut and picked at the icing. “He’d made a deal with the Empty, back when he was in Heaven with Jack. The Empty wanted to take the kid, but Cas stepped up and offered himself.”
when God created the monkey He was asleep
Dean threw his tumbler across the room, glass smashed and whiskey flowed against the wall. “You should have fucking told me,” Dean growled. “You made another one of your stupid martyr plans and didn’t have the balls to tell me what would happen one day. One day about
Charlie leaned over. “Can you burn eyes in Heaven?”
. It was Cas, Dean could say anything to him, and it’d be okay. Anything, even—
? It fucking broke me.”
“I’m sorry,” he panted with a grin, wiping his eyes. “That was just… that was insane.”
Dean’s groans became more urgent. “Castiel.”
when God created love he didn't help most
He was in the Empty.
“Welcome home, Cas,” Jack said. He stood tall with a proud smile.
“Yeah, it was this nest of vamps. We actually met them in ‘06, you, me, and Sammy. They were after the colt, and one of the girls who got away back then was waiting in this barn…”
Dean pushed himself against Cas, and his other hand went around Cas’s throat. “You knew how it would end. You knew and you did it anyway. You didn’t tell me. You just gave me this life-fucking-changing information and bounced.”
Charlie looked between the two of them. “Well, I’ll leave you to it. Let’s hang out soon; I hear Gene Roddenberry’s somewhere up here.”
“Jack!” Dean yelled. “Jack, what the fuck?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas said. “I should have healed you.”
you. You raised us in motel rooms and the damn car. You made me hunt and take care of Sammy since I was a little kid. Not exactly father of the year shit, John.”
“Hey, hey, I love it.”
Jack grinned with his teeth. “Good! Thank you so much. For everything.” Jack held out a candy bar, reaching through the map of Heaven, making the buildings holding over forty-six billion souls shimmer and twist. “It’s peanut butter and chocolate. We can taste here!”
Dean walked over and ran his hand along the edge. Same damn table.
Dean looked as if he were going to say more when his parents entered the bar.
“We could take a walk.”
Dean began unbuttoning Cas’s shirt as Cas struggled to get his hands beneath Dean’s flannel. “Why the fuck do we wear so many layers?” Dean grumbled.
Cas dropped his hand. “That’s fine; we can talk whenever you’re ready.”
“No. Jack… he shut off our communication with the Earth for a while. I can’t see or hear or feel anything.”
Cas nodded. “Very good. Take off your pants.”
“Is… is this real?” Dean asked. “You’re here?”
Cas glanced to the dense grass beneath their feet. “You asked about me?”
Cas finally let a smug smile onto his face.
when He created the giraffe He was drunk
did you want?”
Satisfied the kid was fine, he stepped closer and Dean steeled himself.
Dean got in a punch and blocked another. “I don’t feel sorry for myself. I just know what I am, who I am. I deal with it.”
Dean gave a bitter laugh. “For one, he ran the kid out of the room before he could even get his shirt on. I got, well, let’s just say I got in a lot of trouble. We moved the next day and had to start a new school just when Sam was making friends.”
Cas, of course, complied and added a second finger. Knowing Dean’s anatomy, he found Dean’s prostate, causing Dean to buck from the mattress. Cas stroked him, and his other hand went to Dean’s cock, causing Dean to clamp harder around Cas’s fingers. Cas watched his lover’s face, and any semblance of control was gone. Eyes squeezed shut, Dean took in large gulps of air each time Cas touched his prostate. Cas used three fingers now and was fascinated by how Dean’s body sank into the mattress, helpless and so very compliant.
“I don’t know… special. Your ‘profound bond’ was like nothing I’ve ever seen. You guys were close like brothers, like us, but not the same. Cas was like a brother to me, but you gotta know it was more than that. I’m not saying that means romantic or anything,” Sam said before Dean could protest, “but it was significant. You needed each other; I don’t know, you always seemed calmer… happier when Cas was around. Like he grounded you. It sounds like you changed him too.”
. What was supposed to have been an easy trip to the land of the living ended up leading Castiel down a path of destruction. Dean closed his eyes and felt the angel’s hand, slick with blood, on his shoulder. Cas’s blood, Dean’s blood, demons or angels or monsters or humans, it was because of Dean.
“For real?” Dean’s face lit up, and he glanced at Cas, who nodded.
He came all over His Blessed Universe.
“Not at all,” she answers. “About six years now. She’s, well, she’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
“Hey, Cas,” he said without turning around.
“Do you have lubricant?” Cas asked, hands running down Dean’s thighs.
, someone he genuinely
“I agree,” Cas said. Dean nodded and took Cas’s face in his hands.
Dean never speaks to the bartenders or other customers much; he went out so he wasn’t drinking alone. Drinking alone means he had problems. Drinking in the proximity of other people means he’s fine.
“That kind of power… it can be… overwhelming. Even corrupting,” Cas said slowly. “How will you manage?”
to be around who wasn’t Sam.
Cas and Charlie waved back.
Cas finished his drink and thought perhaps he should lower his alcohol tolerance for the night. “He said I… Well, I’m very important to him.”
“You were taken out by
“The deal,” Dean said, “how could you not tell me?”
“Okay, fine,” Dean mumbled.
“On Earth,” Jack said, “there was this show,
Dean looked at John. “You were there, and you didn’t chase them. You watched them drive away.”
to love.
you capable of?”
Cas stood and caught Dean glancing at his nakedness before quickly turning his eyes back to the bed. “Why don’t you take the day to explore?” Cas pulled on his pants. “I believe a surprise party is being thrown for you tonight at the Roadhouse.”
“It’s amazing,” Dean said, “how they just, I don't know, look like part of your back.”
, have you seen it?” Cas shook his head. “I think you would enjoy it. It’s about the bureaucracy of running the afterlife and quite fun. They had architects who created what they called ‘neighborhoods.’ They decided what people could experience, what the landscape was to look like, anticipate needs, and everything else. That’s what I would like you to do: build a new city for all of Heaven. Connected.”
when God created dogs He didn't help dogs
Cas withdrew his fingers and Dean let his thighs fall open. He was transfixed as Cas coated his cock in lube and lined it up against Dean.
“I told them I wouldn’t be around, well, not in this vessel at least. I feel like I’m… everywhere on Earth. It’s like in the corner of my mind I can feel the plants and animals and humans living, going on as if Earth was never in jeopardy.”
“Love can be that way. Not much we can do about it.” Deirdre stirs her olives. “It can feel like getting hit over the head with it, doesn’t it?”
“Have we met?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Perfect for me, whatever.”
Dean woke to a rigid, uncomfortable bed. It didn’t feel right, but he knew he was in the bunker. It smelled like
After a rest with his mother, Jack left to restore worlds, but Cas still felt Jack’s power streaming through every part of Heaven. The remaining angels were pleased to work near the throne for Cas, managing the celestial city’s minutiae. Even if there were still rifts between them and Castiel, they could all feel the change and new power. They understood that it was because of Jack and that Jack was there because of Castiel. It slowly became more comfortable to work together, not as a garrison, but as a harmonious collective.
“Have you told him?”
Cas laughed and rolled off of Dean. “You are a heretic.”
. I was hoping he’d at least spring ya before he did whatever hippie God crap he had planned.”
Dean’s eyes drifted closed. He needed to be filled with Castiel, needed to feel them joined, to know, for that moment, Cas couldn’t leave. Cas was with him and inside him and it was Dean’s entire world.
“Few weeks.” Candy appeared in front of Jack and munched happily on a nougat bar. “I think they’re going to be fine, I really do.”
you told me didn’t define me? That was the only thing that got me through it, the only thing that made me beat Chuck.” He took a gulp of air. “I was ready to die. I—I fucking
“No,” Dean grabbed Cas’s face. “This is… you’re amazing, Cas.” He hauled Cas to his mouth and took Cas’s cock in his hand. “Can I?” Cas nodded, and Dean flipped them over.
“Are you all right, Dean?”
Cas nodded. “I believe so; why?”
way.”
One of the great wings reached for Dean, and the curve caressed his cheek, and he shivered, though the feathers were warmer than he expected.
As time passed, however, it became clear that Dean would never feel such a way for Cas. It had taken years for Cas to figure out, then accept, that his feelings toward Dean were something more than love. It was romantic love,
He fiddled with Cas’s tie, finally able to get it over his head. His hands shook as he unbuttoned the white dress shirt, and all the while Cas was caressing Dean’s face as if he’d never touched Dean before, like he hadn’t brought him back to life.
Dean rested his hands on Cas’s waist, leaning close to the wings. The feathers showed their true strength. They weren’t delicate at all; they were firm and strong.
Dean didn’t notice when he started crying. He gripped Cas tight by the waist and nodded.
It felt like life was running through Dean’s veins again. He had been numb for so long, but Cas’s body pulled him out of that cold, lonely place. He felt Cas warm and heavy against his hip, literally making his blood flow faster. He ground against Cas with his own clothed erection and he wished to god they weren’t in the dungeon. They needed a bed, like, now.
“Please, Cas,” Dean whimpered, biting his way down Cas’s shoulder. “I can’t wait. I’ve waited too long. I need you.”
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, just for a moment. He just… needed a sec; his ears had been tuned to those two words the past year but never heard them. His breath shook and he opened his eyes, and why was he so fucking nervous in Heaven? Shouldn’t this place be, like, made of Xanax?
“Of course,” Cas answered. “We were—are—best friends. But ‘longing’ doesn’t mean something explicitly romantic. I could feel Jack miss me when we were apart; sometimes Claire would think of me. It’s more of a tugging than anything, like you had a rope attached to me.”
Cas held out a hand, and Dean took it. He walked them to the bed, and they sat next to each other. The tips of Cas’s fingers ran from Dean’s forehead, to his temple, to his cheek, and along his jaw, so Cas’s thumb was caressing Dean’s bottom lip.
Dean looked around. “Is it the whole bunker?”
“So I’ll get to see them more?” Dean asked, captivated by the feathers glistening between his fingers.
Approaching from behind, Dean tried to come up with something clever to say. Did it hurt when you fell to Heaven? Come here often? Remember me? It’s Dean, from Earth.
Dean tore himself away and, grabbing his glass, walked into the abyss of the dungeon. He stood in the middle of the room, drank, and waited. He waited for Cas, always waiting for him.
“‘Night, Cas.”
“Cas!” Sam ran to the angel and grabbed him in a hug.
“I—I don’t know. I don’t know what else to do. Cas… you’re gorgeous. I’ve never seen—never thought of anything so beautiful in my life.”
“Yeah, he’s in the trees and the ladybugs or some shit.” Dean rolled his eyes. “It sounded nice at the time.”
Startled out of his thoughts, Dean jumped when Sam dropped into the chair across from him. Sam stared at him for a while, not speaking. Sam had been watching Dean for days, and it was getting to be way too much.
—so we could probably figure something out.”
Castiel descended to meet them, not saying a word.
but when He created you lying in bed
Once they were settled in Dean’s room, Dean pulled out his laptop and sat against his bed’s headboard; Miracle hopped up next to him with a slow wag of his tail.
“Well, a boy can dream.”
“Thanks, Bobby.” Cas left his glass on the bar and made his way to the reunited family.
it. Death, nothing, Hell, Purgatory, wherever I ended up.”
being. That Dean did everything for love. That Dean wasn’t selfish, wasn’t a killing machine, didn’t operate out of anger. That
a new kink. Cas leaned into him. “
“I didn’t
Charlie hummed. “I’m sure you’ll make him right at home.”
“Yes, and this morning.”
“What
“I must admit, I am as well,” Cas said. “I’ve only done this with one person, and I’m aware that being with a male vessel is… different.”
“Jack… how long was I gone?”
Sam patiently waited as Dean gathered his courage.
“I feel the same,” Cas said softly. He looked mesmerized. “Have you… did you feel this way before?”
“It can be overwhelming to humans; that can happen.” He smiled. “I suppose I should take it as a compliment.”
Cas turned around. There he was. Castiel, angel of the Lord. God help him, the dude still looked tired. His blue eyes were the same color as the freaking sky, his hair rumpled in that way that always made Dean want to either fix or mess it up more.
Dean looked at Cas. “Do they, uh, you know,
He grunted and stood, stumbling toward the kitchen. He left the bottle on the floor, figuring he’d be back down there soon enough, cradling the drink in his arms. Coffee and a box of stale donuts greeted him, and he took some of each, gingerly lowering himself into a chair at the table. His body ached in a way that only came with age and heartbreak. Okay, maybe sleeping on the floor didn’t help.
Cas took Dean’s thighs and pressed them forward, allowing him to drive forcefully into Dean.
“Anything I can do to help?”
Cas strained his ears, but all he heard was the rustling of leaves. Not even the other angels. “What about me? Could I hear their prayers?”
Dean took Charlie’s seat. “So,” Dean said with a cough, “Pam’s here.”
“Please don’t leave.”
“I want you inside me,” Dean managed to choke out. Cas faltered a moment, breaking the rhythm of their hips.
Cas blinked and turned to Charlie. “What do you mean?”
Cas wrapped a wing around Dean. “Goodnight, Dean.”
Cas rubbed against him with a pace as slow as torture. “What do you want me to do?” He kissed along Dean’s collarbone and Dean tried to pull strength and courage from the pleasure of Cas’s mouth, but he stayed quiet. Cas had seen his soul. He’d seen everything that makes Dean
“Don’t you dare finish that sentence.” Dean leaned his forehead against Cas’s temple. “I’m no good at this relationship stuff, you know that.”
Cas draped his wings over them both, creating their own pocket of the heavens, and Dean shouted, coming across his chest. He held Cas’s gaze with wide eyes, looking shocked at the force of his climax.
It was too soon. Far too soon by Earth standards. He shouldn’t be here yet. Not him.
He laid a hand on Dean’s chest and Dean the warmth of Cas’s grace spread through his entire body like an old friend. The marks he left on Cas’s body disappeared as well.
“I’m yours,” Dean whispered. “No question, no doubt. So… you can have me. If you still want me.”
Then their teeth clacked together, and Cas’s tongue was in his mouth. Cas wrapped a hand around Dean’s neck and held him tight. Cas was a sloppy, uncoordinated kisser, and it was the best thing Dean ever felt. The angel licked everywhere in Dean’s mouth, like he was afraid one of them would disappear.
Cas slid nearly all the way out and back again. Dean wrapped his legs around Cas and pulled him deeper. Cas was beautiful, eyes squeezed shut, a look of pleasant surprise crossing his lips.
Dean signaled Jo and motioned toward Pamela. She handed over a beer, giving Dean a wink.
“Oh. Uh, sorry, I’m not really interested…”
Dean burrowed against Cas like a pushy house cat trying to get warm. “That’s good,” he murmured. “Always got nightmares. Didn’t wanna sleep.”
Cas stretched them high and wide for the full effect of the blaze behind him. Prims. Each individual feather refracted the light and turned the wings to rainbows. The colors shimmered as Cas gave one good flap, and the breeze nearly knocked Dean to the ground.
Jack seemed to see his struggle. “I know you, Cas. I’m… I’m who I am because of you. Be at my side, please.”
Dean sat up with the cream-colored blanket bunched around his hips. He cleared his throat and ventured a glance at Cas.
“Speaking of which, why don’t we get some sleep?”
“They are,” Cas said. “They’re a part of me.”
Dean clapped his hands. “A promotion! Nice! How does it feel?”
Dean scrambled to his feet. “Maybe I did. Maybe I needed something—”
hip bones that had to be some kind of heavenly-cheating because they were incredible and made Dean’s mouth water. And the wings… the wings made him look powerful, but they were inviting, not like the time Dean first saw their shadow in the barn.
“Are you sure?” Cas asked quietly, once again avoiding Dean’s eyes.
quite pleasurable when you touch them.”
“Talk to me,” Cas said. “I want to know how you feel about what happened between us. Any feelings you may have are perfectly valid; I just need more information.”
Dean held Cas’s face in his hands, and Cas’s hands rested on Dean’s waist. “I’m going to kiss you now,” Dean said. Cas nodded, eyes wide.
It was Cas’s duty, and he knew he would agree, but, watching Jack… he found he
“So,” Jack said, his eyes wide as he bounced in his seat. “You wanna start? I have a lot of ideas.”
Cas leaned over and sank himself entirely inside Dean and stayed still as Dean adjusted to his size. Cas filled him with a stretch unlike anything Dean had ever experienced. He canted his hips to encourage Cas to move.
“That doesn’t diminish what you overcame,” Cas said softly. “I’ll say it again, you are the best man I’ve ever known, Dean Winchester.” Dean opened his mouth to argue, but Cas cut him off. “And, if I must, I will keep telling you that for the rest of time.”
“I’m okay. Things didn’t go exactly how I wanted, but overall it was a pretty good night.” Dean extended his arms. “Come here.”
“How about now?” Dean looked up at him with a grin. “I’m not even tired or drunk.”
Charlie studied his face a moment and broke into a grin. “I knew it!” She slapped his arm. “You like him!”
Charlie rolled his eyes. “Duh. I mean you
Dean shivered, not knowing how to ask, how to say what he wanted. “You,” he breathed.
“What happened?”
They were… Dean didn’t know. His brain tried to make words, but all he could do was stare in awe. The feathers were translucent white and delicate. Dean moved forward, but Cas held up a hand to stop him.
“Wait,” John said. “You’re telling me my son’s an angel loving—”
Dean yanked Cas’s head to the side and attacked this throat. He
Dean reared back and swung his arm. Cas grabbed it inches from his face. “You’re angry with me? Fine.” Cas squeezed Dean’s hand. “It changes nothing.”
“Right.”
“You have a dog?”
“Can I see you?” Cas asked gently, his hands coming to Dean’s jacket. All Dean could do was nod, his mouth a sudden desert.
“Really?” Dean’s eyes were wide. “They came out ‘cause of me?”
Cas shook his head. “Of course not.” Cas cocked his head and studied the man he considered to be a son. He was different. The white light behind him swirled into warm colors, a reflection of whatever was going on inside of Jack. “What have you done?”
“My wings are feeling shy.”
They sat at the table and a kind of hologram shone, shimmering blue, across the table. It was a map of Heaven.
“Why are you here? Why did you wake me?”
“Hello, Charlie.”
. Close to here. That was thirty days ago.”
Cas grabbed Dean’s hips and flung him supine on the bed.
“Fuck you,” Dean snapped, and charged forward until Cas banged into the dungeon wall. “Fuck you for leaving.” Dean punched Cas’s mouth, the back of Cas’s head crunching against the wall. “Fuck you—”
“A widower?” Deirdre offers softly.
“Ew, not that.” Charlie glanced at Dean. “What did you guys talk about? What did he say to you?”
Cas’s warm hands shot beneath Dean’s shirt and gripped at his bare skin. His breath inflamed Dean’s ear, and he had to stop kissing Cas’s pulse point to breathe. Cas took this opportunity to mimic Dean’s movements and latched his mouth to the side of Dean’s neck, and it was as if Cas was trying to consume him like some crazed angelic vampire.
. Stretching the knots out of his neck, Dean slowly sat up. He was on the floor with no blankets to keep him warm, just a half-empty whiskey bottle for a pillow, and why not? He used alcohol to cushion the rest of his life, and he needed something between him and reality. They weren’t on the best of terms right now, him and reality, because the only thing that felt real to him were his last moments with Cas before darkness swallowed up his best friend.
“I wanted him around, all the time.” Dean looked up at Sam. “You were the only thing more important to me than Cas. You. And, trust me, you didn’t always make the cut.” They smiled. “I took it for granted that he’d always be around, you know? I took
Cas kissed his way to Dean’s ear. “What do you want, Dean?”
Dean took Cas’s arm, and they stopped walking.
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean shuffled onto his knees and grabbed Cas’s face, crushing their lips together. Dean was desperate—his kiss must’ve felt desperate—but he didn’t care. He didn’t know what to say to Cas using his words. He also plain needed the guy to shut up.
Dean tugged Cas until he stretched out next to him. Dean ran a hand through Cas’s hair, then rested it on the back of his neck. He pulled Cas toward him until their lips met, and they both smiled into the kiss.
“About what?”
Deirdre places a hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay, I asked. Thank you for telling me your story.” She looks to the bar entrance, and her face transforms into pure sunshine. Dean turns to see a tall Indian woman walk in, scanning the growing crowd.
.” Though Dean realized he couldn’t think of an instance in which he’d say no to sex with Cas.
“Okay, so. Jobs.” Dean looked at the dog. “On my resume, should I lead with my GED or zero job experience?” Miracle nudged Dean with his snout. “You’re right, I’m legally dead, may as well lie on my resume.” Miracle head-butted Dean’s arm. “Fine, damn, did Cas send you as my conscience or some shit?” He sighed. “We’ll figure it out. Gotta be someplace that wants a mechanic with a shady past and no Social Security number.”
“Touch them,” Cas said softly. “Please.”
“Yeah, man, that’s what he wanted me to know. That this fucking angel of the fucking Lord was in love with me. I guess.”
Well, Dean certainly didn’t expect to find two new kinks in Heaven. Wings
,” Cas repeated.
“Found him a couple days after, uh, after you died. Name’s Miracle. Long story.” He studied Cas’s face. His signature head tilt, eye squint, lips-parted look. “You didn’t know any of this?”
Dean nodded, his vision whirling before him. Cas’s breath hit his dick, and Dean grabbed the sheets for dear life. Dear death, whatever.
. Dean took his hands away and stumbled, landing on his backside to sit in front of the kneeling angel. Cas looked at him with concern.
This damn dog, though; he had the dog. He couldn’t stumble around, getting sloppy every night, and take care of the mutt. He had to be careful on hunts, no matter how badly he sometimes wanted to rush in blind and let the monsters do what they may. Dean had to take care of the pup’s goofy ass. Fuck, dogs were awesome.
“So you felt you had to hide this part of yourself?”
when God created hate we had a standard utility
Dean sniffled and stood. “Not much else
Dean looked at the calendar in the kitchen. One month. One month since the angels poured out of the empty, one month since he spat in Chuck’s face. Cas thirty-five days gone, the only one kept in darkness.
, especially when it was Cas. Cas touched his lips to Dean’s stomach, to his navel, to his hips. Dean lost his hold on Cas’s hair when he moved to Dean’s legs, massaging his way down both of them.
Dean opens the bar door with a sigh. It’s early enough in the evening that the place is half-empty. It’s rustic and seems well-loved. Kinda reminds him of the Roadhouse. That was so long ago now.
with something.”
Enochian.
taught
“I had to,” Cas said, arms at his sides even as Dean grabbed his trench coat lapels. “Billie was going to kill you and it was the only way to stop her.”
“What if I did want something?” Dean yelled. “Did you even fucking think of that, you stupid son of a bitch?” Dean strode across the room and into Cas’s space, face inches away. “Were you ever planning to say anything?”
“Because it was my decision.” Cas stepped closer. “Jack knew, he was there, and I asked him not to tell you and Sam. There was nothing you could have done. I agreed to the Empty taking me and it would have done it then, while we were in Heaven, but it wanted to punish me. To have the promise of eternal darkness hanging over my head until I forgot and allowed myself to be happy only to have that happiness ripped away. It knew it would happen eventually. I knew too. It could have taken years, centuries…”
“Is what what I want?” Dean asked with a yawn.
Dean combed his fingers through Cas’s feathers. “Glad these guys showed.”
Time passed the way it generally does in Heaven, meaning it technically didn’t though much was accomplished. Cas and Dean settled in a cabin by a lake. Jack came to visit. Cas and Dean managed to sneak Kevin into Heaven. Claire arrived earlier than expected, which made Dean furious. Cas began prison reform for Heaven’s dungeon.
Dean’s fists continued to pummel Cas until the angel pushed him away. Cas jabbed Dean in the jaw, taking him by surprise.
“Lemme get this straight,” John said, ignoring Cas completely. “You couldn’t kill a group of fucking vamps fifteen years ago
“Anytime you’d like.”
“I’m yours,” Cas slurred as he quickened his pace.
“Of course. I’m correct in remembering that we are best friends?”
Cas avoided Dean’s grin. “Yes.”
“Jesus,” Sam breathed. “I’m… I’m so sorry, Dean. Do you, um, how do you feel?”
They both knew he was giving Dean an out.
“Shut up! This is the best thing to happen in Heaven since I met Carrie Fisher! So, how was it?”
“I don’t know what to tell you,” Dean said. “Cas saved me from Billie and the Empty took him, end of story.”
“That was a lot,” Dean said. He looked at Cas. “You doing okay?”
“Worthy.”
She slides off her stool as the other woman catches her eye. “Hey,” Dean says before letting go of her hand. “You...you take care of each other. Don’t waste a moment, okay?”
“Jack put it here. I rather like it.”
Dean took his hand and stood, eyes still looking down. Cas took his chin in his hand. “Would you like me to put them away?”
“Not much,” Cas said. “I feel at peace here. Jack restored my full grace and my wings.”
He fucking heard Dean. “I said fine.”
Cas leaned away. “I know.”
“No, it’s not. I didn’t know she was going to… it’s not like we haven’t… I told her you and I were…”
Dean pulled Cas’s mouth toward his and their lips met. Closed mouth, chaste. Cas’s lips were soft against Dean’s, moving gently.
“This isn’t a competition!”
Dean gripped Cas’s thighs as he worked Cas in his mouth, gliding his tongue along the length and hollowing his cheeks until Cas keened. He took a deep breath and sunk entirely around his best friend’s dick.
“It’s okay,” Cas whispered. He stroked Dean’s cheek. “I’m here now and we’re together.”
Dean stepped into Cas’s space. Dean took Cas’s face in his hands and Cas’s breathing hitched. They stilled, watching each other. Cas didn’t move under Dean’s touch, looking afraid to. Dean smiled, as if either could break this spell.
Dean took a deep breath and told his brain to fuck off. “I want you. I want you like this, Cas, in my bed. In my life,” his voice cracked. “I should’ve said something before… I should’ve tried…”
Cas babbled above him, trembling sounds and Enochian prayers falling from his lips. He sounded like he was speaking in goddamn tongues. Dean rutted against the bed, wanting Cas in every way possible, but right now, he needed Cas to come in his mouth.
. This is what he wanted, what he
They pulled apart and stared once more. In each other’s personal space, looking, like they always had been, like they were always meant to.
“Yes, I visited her and will move her from her room as soon as I build a place. I want to change Heaven so she—everyone—has a better place to spend eternity. God shouldn’t separate humans; they should enjoy something real.”
Yes Yes
“You and I haven’t discussed the nature of our relationship. Regardless, tonight is about your arrival, not me.”
“Fine,” Cas said, “maybe that’s not
Cas spasmed inside Dean, filling him with seed not meant for this. God created his body to protect man, not desecrate one. It was forbidden.
As his spasms slowed, Dean pulled him down, one hand clutching his hair as they kissed, the other stroking himself as Cas desperately kept rolling inside Dean, needing to feel his orgasm.
“Dean!” Cas called. Dean looked up, and Cas tossed him the keys to the Impala. “Sam’s home.”
Dean managed to get Cas’s shirt off, and Cas shoved Dean away.
Dean snuggled back down against Cas. The rise and fall of Cas’s breath lulled Dean into a finally peaceful sleep. Before he slipped into the twilight, Dean whispered, “Yours.”
They stared at each other for Dean didn’t know how long. Cas’s face was battered and bloody, a face he’s seen before—a face he’s caused before. He knew he looked the same, he could feel the blood seeping from his ear and nose. Cas’s eyes looked desperate, like when Dean had the mark of Cain, nearly killing Cas.
He stared at Cas’s split lip. Cas’s head tilt with the attention.
when God created plants that was average
“Are you
“What happened?” Dean whispered.
Dean dropped to his knees.
He looked, and Cas was panting with wide eyes and a sweaty brow. Dean crawled up, and Cas snatched his head for a kiss. Cas’s tongue delved into Dean’s mouth, sucking his own flavor.
the nerd.” While leaving, Charlie turned and gave Cas a double thumbs-up behind Dean.
Dean pulled Cas on top of him, relishing the weight. His ribs were tender from the fight and blood was smeared across their faces, but he chased the ache because it was that same ache—longing—he’d felt for the past four weeks. But now it was made flesh as what he ached for was with him, on him.
In a fucking trenchcoat. Seriously? He shouldn’t be surprised; why would he wear anything else?
Several months later, he was helping Sammy out with a case. Vampires, apparently vamps with history. Seemed like milk run status until—
“Stranger things have happened,” Dean whispered, nipping Cas’s bottom lip. “Please.” Cas straightened up and teased Dean with the head of his cock. “Cas…”
“Yeah… yes.” Dean fidgeted with the blanket. “Why?”
Shit, right. “Sorry,” he muttered, stripping as quickly as possible. He almost wanted to cover himself, Cas’s gaze was so intense, but he forced his hands to remain at his sides.
,” Cas breathed into Dean’s ear.
thing that would lead him to the center of Heaven. If he’s anywhere, Cas would be there, and all he had to do was keep driving.
John’s eyes turned murderous. “How dare you talk to me that way? You know nothing about me or my family.”
? Cas began kissing Dean’s neck, then moved down to his left arm, licking and nipping here and there while he massaged Dean’s palm, releasing tension Dean didn’t even know he was holding. Cas kissed across Dean’s chest and repeated his kisses on Dean’s other arm.
It was Cas’s turn to shove Dean against the wall. “You needed nothing,” he hissed. “I gave you
“I missed you too.”
Cas leaned over and brushed his lips against Dean’s. “I think you’ll find that quite impossible.”
They walked in silence for a long while. How do you bring up your best friend’s dying declaration of love?
Dean took Cas’s hand from his shoulder and held it. Held his friend’s hand smack dab in the middle of Heaven. It had been a day.
“Don’t you?” Sam asked gently.
“I missed you,” Dean said,
“That’s Pamela. I may have… burned her eyes out.”
“Fuck!” Dean tightened his grip on the sheets, feeling like he’d float away at any moment. Was it Heaven or the grace that made this feel so mind-blowing? No, it was Cas, just Cas. Cas had his mouth entirely around Dean’s dick with his tongue darting out to lick the top of Dean’s balls. Where had this mouth been all his life?
“Yeah, where is that kid anyway? He hasn’t been taking my heavenly phone calls.”
“That was—” Dean tried to catch his breath. “Fuck, Cas, I don’t know what that was. That was amazing…” he was at a loss. “That was…”
Dean looked up, and they watched each other as an orgasm tore from Dean’s body. He held onto Cas’s shoulders as he ground into Cas’s hand, painting their stomachs. Everything shook around him like an earthquake, except for Cas’s eyes steadily looking into his own. Cas kept his hand on Dean until he had to roll away from over-stimulation.
There was a fluttery sound in the quiet cave and Castiel, Angel of the Lord arrived. Dean jumped to his feet, expecting trouble, but Mari simply turned her massive head to observe the new arrival. Castiel’s eyes widened slightly at the creature, but then to Dean’s astonishment, he bowed low.
They spent the rest of the afternoon there, with a short break for Cas from the butterflies, to get some food at the food trucks and then the garden was finally closing for the day and Dean almost had to drag Cas out of the garden back to the car.
“I will fetch your brother” said the big creature and she shuffled out of the room, returning shortly with a slightly confused Sam.
Something in Dean cracked and broke and he laid his head on Cas’s shoulder, nuzzling into his neck. “I, wanted you to look at me the way you did Mari and then I realized that she is like your equal man, and I’m just this broken human with no great insights or wisdom.” Dean sighed and wiped at a tear that was tracking down his face. Stupid emotions, he thought.
“I’m not used to being at loose ends, with no purpose. It uh, it…” Cas was twisting his shirt in his fingers and not looking at Dean, but he blew his breath out in frustration and sat straighter. “I’m frightened Dean. You must be disappointed in me. I can’t even be brave and I was an angel in Heaven’s army.” Dean realized that was the most that Cas had said in days and that Cas was worried about disappointing him was a blow. Had they implied that he couldn’t be afraid?
“Before we get to the cabin, let’s go clothes shopping for you. You need your own things man. I’m sorry we didn’t do it sooner” said Dean. He felt bad that Castiel’s needs had been left to last and that Castiel felt like he couldn’t ask for things. Closing up his duffle, he gestured Castiel out of the room and they met up with Sam at the Impala. Dean kept the music down at first and kept his eyes open for the nearest big box store. Eventually a Walmart sign came along and he shifted into the exit lane for the mall. Once they parked he turned around to Castiel in the back seat.
The morning of May 20th dawned and Dean was in the kitchen early, making coffee, eggs, pancakes and bacon. Castiel stumbled in after the smell of coffee had started to waft into the rest of the house. Dean smiled at the sight of the former angel with his hair sticking up in all directions, dressed in a worn pair of sweats and a faded t-shirt.
“Of course we can talk Dean, what do you want to talk about?”
“That is a good one. It’s a bit grim, but epic and it has a road trip in it.”
"Dean I will always try to save you. I cherish you."
Sam was reading a book, head leaned down and he looked up at Castiel’s voice. “Oh hey Cas, thanks yeah.” Castiel passed him the beer, but stood thinking a moment.
Dean laughed, big and easy, throwing his head back, “yeah Cas, we are aren’t we. Let’s keep going then” and they carried on down the street hand in hand.
"We should slow down a little. I won't ravish you in the car yard" said Castiel.
Dean shook himself and plastered on a grin, trying for cocky and probably missing by miles.
“Alright Dean” and Castiel grabbed his jacket and gloves and they went out to the car. Dean had the germ of an idea. Sam was at the University of Kansas ransacking their library and Dean remembered something he had seen the last time he was there; a sign for a butterfly garden that apparently was a resting place for hundreds of species. That was just the place to go. They could stop on the way for a good breakfast, spend some time outside and  maybe even have late dinner with Sam before they head back. They could even get a motel room and take in the sights the next day. Once out on the highway, Dean put on some music and looked over to Cas in the passenger seat. He was watching the world go by out the window and his face gave nothing away. Dean was going to have to actually ask about this and he grimaced a bit.
"Dean"
“Cas, man, I want you so much, I think I have for a while.”
“Dean this area is a resting place for the monarch butterflies that migrate south to Mexico every year. They come from the north, rest here and carry on south. Today and tomorrow are ideal days to see them.” Cas whirled around to stare at Dean in wonder. “How did you know about this Dean?”
On a late spring day in Duluth, Minnesota, Dean and Cas were walking down the street from a diner they had just been enjoying a meal in, towards their motel where Sam was waiting and Dean took Cas’s hand. No big drama, just a quiet gesture. Dean turned to Cas and squeezed his hand to get the angel’s attention.
“I am new to being human and being on the earth all the time. I have no, what did Sam call it? Safety net. I just have you and Sam. I’m afraid that if I can’t be a hunter you won’t want me anymore and I have nowhere to go, no friends.”
“Sammy, what’s going to happen next? I mean, we just keep hunting? Keep putting ourselves out there? Cas doesn’t want to hunt and, I um, well I don’t want him to. He shouldn’t have to live our crappy life as his reward. Maybe he could get a job, get his own place, meet a cute girl. I don’t know.”
Cas turned slowly through a form, stopping with a smile when he looked up at Dean.
“I heard Charlie and Sam talking about Stephen King and The Stand is supposed to be good. I’ve never tried a scary book, but I like the description.”
Now, though, Dean was wracking his brains for something really special to show Cas just how much he cared about him. He grabbed a beer from the fridge and idly flipped through their wall calendar that had ended up on the table. There it was on May 20th, World Bee Day, and Dean knew what he had to do. It was even one of Cas's day's off. Perfect.
“I’ll grab Dad’s journal” said Dean and he went off to get it. Sure enough John had a cabin he used that was north of Crescent City, California. It belonged to another Hunter, but apparently they just had to check in with them to get access. Everyone went to bed with a renewed sense of purpose, excited for a vacation.
“These butterflies just started landing on me, Dean, and look around this garden, there are hundreds, just hundreds. The children are enjoying this as well.”
“Let’s find a bed for the night, ok and then I promise I’ll tell you what’s on my mind” said Dean. It turned out to be pretty easy, with a nice enough looking motel appearing a few blocks from the restaurant. Dean got them a room with two queen beds and they got settled in. Sitting facing Cas on the other bed, Dean’s nerves were threatening to get the better off him, but he drew in a big breath and tried to calm himself.
“I have no pronounceable name, but the closest for you might be Mari. Yes, that will be acceptable” said Mari.
"Happy Birthday Cas. This is Etienne, he's going to setup a hive in the backyard for you and give you a lesson on how to care for the bees. There's more lessons, but this will get you started" said Dean. Cas came down the porch stairs and wrapped Dean in a fierce hug and Dean could feel tears wetting his shirt.
"Dean are you well?"
Dean really wished he could be cool enough not to jump when Cas appeared, but nope, he was as bad as a teenager in a   slasher film.
“Listen, Cas, I was raised to suppress almost all my weak emotions like fear and sadness, so taking any advice from me is a bad plan, but you cry if you want to. Laugh, cry, rage, quake in fear, it’s all better if you get it out and maybe tell someone if it gets to be too much. I may be shit at actually expressing emotions sometimes, but I will always listen, ok?” Dean reached over and squeezed Cas’s hand that was lying on the seat between them. He was going to let go, but Cas squeezed back and then didn’t release his grip. Dean shrugged and didn’t examine too hard the part of him that liked holding his friend’s hand.
"I know Cas." The 'I love you' was unspoken, but things changed between them that day.ring Castiel. It was all kinds of hot and Dean was flustered. A light touch on his arm drew him to look at Cas and he saw his friend again, worried and a bit awkward.
There was only silence. Dean stilled his breathing and tried to extend his senses and read the room. There was no breathing nearby which either meant Sam was being held elsewhere or he was dead, but Dean couldn't even let himself think that. That way lay hopelessness and Dean needed strength. The space around him felt deadened, muffled; no creaks from wooden walls or floors, no outdoor sounds of wind, rain or traffic, so they were in a cave possibly or in a facility underground. The smell made him decide that it was a cave. There were damp earth and mossy, plant odours. All of it meant that they had been moved, but he didn't have any idea how far. His head was throbbing from being upside down and he missed someone entering the room.
“Sam, Cas and I were talking and what do you say to a road trip? Just head out and find a shack by the ocean, grill meat and drink beer?”
“Cas do you think you would like to be boyfriends, err partners if you want?” said Dean, suddenly very interested in his boots.
"Alright Dean. First you need to change into pants that are more flexible than jeans, then we will go through the first basic moves."
“I just don’t know what to do,” Castiel sobbed, “I used to be a warrior, feared and respected by many. Now I’m dressed in cast off clothes, I have no purpose and I have no way to contribute. I want to be useful.” Eventually his tears dried up and Dean sat back as Castiel straightened up and wiped his eyes.
“Dean this is the most wonderful gift I have ever received. These little creatures have a long journey ahead of them and they bring such beauty and joy with them. This place is blessed for providing them with sustenance and safety. Thank you for bringing me.”
“Dean are you alright?”
“Uhh Sam is better at that shit than me, but yeah. Let’s get on the road, huh?” They got back on the highway and Sam did indeed show Castiel how to search for music and they setup him up with Apple Music, so he could download and listen to as much as he wanted. Sam also showed Castiel basic camera functions and how to use the various edit commands and filters. Next was an Instagram account, when Castiel realized he could share his photos with friends like Charlie. He chose the name brokenwingedwarrior for his account and his profile picture was a flaming black wing. Dean had no idea where Castiel had found it, but it was cool. They stopped in a diner later in the day for dinner and Castiel seemed obsessed with uploading pictures to his account. He took pictures of the food, signs, the impala and he tried to take pictures of Dean and Sam, but Dean put his foot down.
“Hey Cas, making some friends?”
Back out on the road, they made good time to the university and eventually the area them was more and more built up and then apartment buildings gave way to campus housing and they were looking for signs to the Observatory. Dean eventually spotted the side road that led there and when they pulled into the lot, there were far more cars than he expected. They got out and headed over to the observatory dome, where everyone else seemed to be headed. Cas stopped in front of a sign proclaiming the area ‘A Monarch Waystation’
“What is this Dean?”
Even with the late hour, Sam was in the library with a book in front of him, but looking closer, Dean realized that it was fiction instead of research. He grinned, happy that the big nerd was easing off a bit. He sat at the table and leaned forward on his elbows, Castiel sitting to his left.
After putting the coffee on, Dean stood quietly leaning against the kitchen counter, just absorbing the early morning house noises. A movement in his peripheral vision had him spinning around for a better look, but his jaw dropped taking in the former angel with bare feet, in just sweatpants, with his hair sticking all up over.  Dean couldn’t look away from the play of muscles across Castiel’s back and the graceful flex of his wrists and forearms, but he turned away gulping. That was his friend out there. He had never ogled a man before and he felt anxiety zinging through his body at this new development. Castiel was going through what Dean thought was tai chi moves, but he couldn’t be sure. Dean grabbed a bottle of water out of the fridge and poured two coffees. He put the bottle under his arm and grabbed the coffees, pushing the screen door open with his shoulder. No point in denying what he’d done, but he didn’t have to deal with it right now.
“Fugitives, remember Cas? Hunters don’t want to draw attention to themselves.”
“Hey Cas buddy, you in there?”
"Thank you Dean. This is nicest thing anyone has ever done for me." Cas wiped his eyes and turned to Etienne, who was turned away looking at his phone, to give them privacy.
Sam rolled his beer between his hands, and Cas wondered if Dean and him had talked through the idea of not hunting before.  “Cas, you can do whatever you like. Dean and I won’t force you to hunt or whatever, and you would be very useful with research. Don’t worry about it, try and enjoy our time here.”
They munched quietly for a few minutes with Dean’s beers opened next to them. Dean took a sip and leaned back.
“Sister, I am honoured to meet with you again. I hope these hunters have been respectful?”
“No thank you,” said Dean as Sam accepted.
“Damn, Stu has a nice hideaway here” said Dean. Castiel joined him staring out at the ocean and his smile was back.
“Hello Dean.”
Dean couldn’t look at Cas. He was very glad for the darkness hiding his ridiculous blush. “I uh, I can’t really talk about this, Cas. It’s ridiculous.”
The diner was coming up on the right and Dean took back his hand to turn the Impala into the parking lot and find a space farther away from the cars currently in the lot. They dove into their cheeseburgers and fries and Cas tried orange soda. He took a swallow from the cold bottle, condensation pearling and sliding down the sides and he full on grinned.
“What did you think of?” Asked Dean, swinging around to better face his brother. “Come on, what dream have you been sitting on?”
Dean had never really appreciated the size of the bunker until he had to track down a missing angel. He hadn’t seen Castiel since lunch and it was now 11:30 pm and Dean was worrying. Since becoming human, Castiel had a tendency to hole up in his room for hours, or disappear into the bowels of the bunker doing his own thing. He avoided talking to Dean or Sam and Dean wasn’t even sure if the former angel was eating.
"You're gorgeous. Of all the things I failed to notice over the years, this one I'm amazed I missed. Man, you are hot and I'm freaking out. I've never really admitted that I noticed guys before. With Dad being the way he was, I just kept it buried, but seeing you, I just, I don't know. It's not just physical, you have to know that Cas. I've always thought you were smart and such dry humour. I'm babbling I know" said Dean with a rueful grin. Castiel didn't respond right away, just staring at Dean with a serious expression. The longer it went on, the worse Dean's anxiety got until he was sure that Castiel was about to reject him outright and Dean was preparing to flee.
“Dean”
“What’s up Cas? You look like you are having profound thoughts, and yeah, how do you know Mari so well?”
With no warning, Cas slid over the bench seat and Dean hugged him close. Cas was really crying now, gulping in air and trying to be quiet about it, but Dean kept hugging him and rubbed a hand down his back. “It’s ok Cas, it’s ok. Hey, if you stop crying we can go get cheeseburgers, how does that sound?”
"Today is World Bee Day and I know how much you like bees," said Dean.
“Well to be fair, I didn’t know about the monarchs and their migration. I saw the Butterfly Garden sign last time Sam and I were this way on a hunt. I’m glad we got to come here today though. Let’s head over to the garden” said Dean, but Cas was already moving, threading his way through the crowd and Dean lost him right away. Dean took the time to look around while he watched for Cas and it was a gorgeous spot. Gardens spread all around him, with flowers of every imaginable type. People stood taking pictures everywhere, kids were running between the flower beds and there was the smell of food trucks from somewhere. After about three patches of flower beds, Dean spotted Cas surrounded by kids, and covered in butterflies. Dean moved to where Cas could see him without disturbing the butterflies.
“Hey Cas, you’re up early.”
“Oh yes Castiel, we have just been starting the sharing of tea and conversation. Please join us.” The angel took a ceramic mug of tea and sat primly in his trench coat, looking right at home. Mari patted him with a huge paw and on a normal human that would have knocked them flat, but Cas just smiled at Mari.
“Sure Cas, I can show you some easy meals to make ok? And we can get a couple of cookbooks too.”
“I don’t even know what you are much less how to help you. But before I help, I need to see that my brother is safe.”
“Dean, what is wrong? You have been standing there staring off into space.” Dean turned and Cas was standing right next to his shoulder. He jumped and might have let out an unmanly yelp.
“I know, it’s ok. I didn’t know you felt this way, man. I mean I knew something was up, but I didn’t realize what was going on.” Dean sat silently for a bit longer trying to figure out the thoughts zinging through his head.
"Well, you were hunting humans and we protect them."
“I have just never seen you so eager to help a creature that isn’t human Dean. You seem very comfortable, much more so than I expected. Mari is an old, old creature. She and her kind walked the earth long ago and there are very few of them left. In fact I haven’t seen them in hundreds of years. Mari and her mate may be the last two. I sometimes call in on them for a long perspective on the world.” He seemed wistful, looking suddenly as old as his years, and it hit Dean that there weren’t many creatures as old as Cas either.
That night they settled for sleeping in the same bed in t-shirts and boxers, just holding each other. Dean lay there with Cas leaning on his chest and he couldn’t get over the feeling holding this being, this person who had been in his life for so long. He could feel his muscles, feel the movement of his chest as he breathed, smell his hair and skin and it was so good, so overwhelming that Dean could feel himself about to cry. He was so lucky to have this, so lucky that Cas wanted him and he vowed to change things. They were going to get Cas signed up for a course or two, maybe something creative and then cooking; Dean could teach Cas to make  his chilli or even pie. He drifted off with his mind full of possibilities.
"Certainly. Would you like to show me a spot to build the hive?"
"Dean I will always try to save you. I cherish you."
“Dear friend,” and she proceeded to say a name that neither Dean nor Sam could understand, “has become very ill and his mind is fractured. I could use your help and of course the hunters to trap my mate and find a way to help him.” Her paws were twisting together and even Dean could see she was distressed. He moved over to her and patted her massive shoulder.
"It was an accident, not a hunt," rumbled the voice sounding apologetic."My mate is sick and he has been acting without thought. We don’t kill humans. We eat smaller prey than you. If I let you down, will you listen? I need help to catch him and cure him.”
"Dean, please believe me. I have been attracted to you for quite some time, but I never thought you were interested in men, so I buried how I felt. May I kiss you? Are you comfortable with that?"
"Yeah Cas, I want that too" said Dean. The kiss itself was brief and closed mouth, but Dean felt as though his insides were on fire. Then he felt Castiel's hands slide under his shirt and those wonderful warm hands on his chest felt so good, he groaned and wrapped his hands around Castiel's neck and kissed him some more. Everything was warm and smooth and Dean wasn't freaking out really at the lack of girl parts and curves. Castiel was his friend and he trusted him. Castiel pulled back a bit and looked up at Dean.
From Dean’s chest came a small sniffle and Cas wiped his eyes, “I like cheeseburgers very much, Dean.”
“No, a day off, a chance to get out do something different. Come on, grab your coat and lets do this.”
"Nah, it's a special day though and I wanted to celebrate. We will be seeing them later. Do you remember a long while back we talked about birthdays and you said you didn't have one? Well I thought you should have one, and today is the perfect day for it." Dean smiled down at his new boyfriend and couldn't help the flutter of nerves. He wanted this to go well. He had never been good at birthdays and holidays. There was always something to hunt or an apocalypse to stop.
“Of course Dean, what took you so long?”
Dean laughed, enjoying cheering up Cas with food. He was so easy to please sometimes and yet was this ancient being with a head stuffed full of knowledge. “That’s great. Sadly it’s loaded with sugar, so it’s hell on your teeth, but it does taste good. We’ll get some for the bunker from a store on the way back.”
“Good riddance to it, man, it was seriously foul and those teeth were getting a bit close for my liking” said Dean. He went to the Impala for the gas can and between the two of them they disposed of the corpse quickly. Once they were back in the Impala and driving in the darkness toward the motel, Cas spoke without looking at Dean, eyes on the passing swampland.
“No idea what you mean Sammy, nothing’s going on.”
"You will not touch Dean, he is defended!"
“Oh my god Dean, Cas isn’t going anywhere without you. He almost follows you everywhere . I think you and he should talk about what you want to do.”
“You’re right. We should take a break. Didn’t Rufus or Dad have a cabin on the west coast somewhere?”
“I don’t want to hunt. I was trying to decide how to tell you. I thought you would be disappointed and I would have to leave. I can leave of course and find something for myself…” Castiel’s voice choked on the last part of the sentence and Dean grabbed Castiel by the wrist and Castiel turned to look at Dean.
The next day, Dean made a few calls and found Stu Gardner, who was happy to let them use the cabin. He was living in Washington state and didn’t get to it often. Apparently it had two small bedrooms, a stocked pantry and a deck that faced the beach. Dean was happily throwing clothes in his duffle bag when Castiel came in the room. He seemed uncomfortable, awkwardly wringing his hands.
“Human emotions are often difficult for me. They seem  too crude for the complexity of feelings to be expressed and sometimes there are so many emotions that I can’t follow the subtle interplay of them. But I know about love and I have happily loved you for years Dean.” Then to Dean’s amazement, Castiel leaned in and kissed him with confidence. Dean returned the kiss, feeling giddy and strange.
Dean just blushed and shoved his hands in his jeans pockets. “I wanted to make you feel better Cas. I’m really glad it worked.”
“I thought you might like to find music you like and this has a good camera too, so you can take pictures of our trip, or whatever you want of course.”
"I do not recognize this creature, but local folklore has tales of a skunk ape, a foul-smelling primate that lives in the swamps."
“Sure Cas, you’re welcome. Let’s get the stuff inside and I’ll make us some burgers.” He raised his voice and Sam came around the side of the cabin. They had the bags and the groceries unloaded quickly and Dean started in on cleaning the grill out on the deck. Sam was puttering around salting the windows and doors and unpacking his duffle bag. Castiel took the time to at least put his duffle in the small room at the back of the house opposite the other two rooms. It looked out over the beach and held only a twin bed, dresser and a small wooden chair for a bedside table. Castiel unpacked his book and wandered out to where Dean was working.
“We’ll get some stuff here like shoes, since you want those new and a jacket and swim stuff, then we’ll hit up a thrift store for t-shirts and jeans, okay?” Castiel nodded and they headed in. The greeter welcomed them in and Dean went straight past the man, but Castiel went over to the older man and shook his hand.
“What if we talked to Sam and took a break? Went on a road trip to somewhere, maybe where we can see the ocean?”
“Dean, I find emotions hard to handle. I know what they are and what function they serve, but I didn’t realize that they got out of control so easily. Maybe I just need more practise.”
“Nah, I’m fine, just relax and I’ll have burgers on in no time. You could get me a beer though before you get comfortable?”
It was a few minutes before Dean responded. “You seem to lump Cas and I together. We’re not joined at the hip, man. He can go out into the world on his own.” Even saying that made Dean’s whole body stiffen with how much he hated the idea and looking at Sam’s face, he seemed to see right through Dean.
"Yeah Cas, thanks for swooping in and saving me."
They went inside the house holding hands and Dean didn't even notice Sam smirking at him from the kitchen table. Bobby waved his coffee mug at them. "You two were up early."
Dean laughed and leaned in for another kiss, long and slow and sweet. “Dean’s patented insecurity, you know me. But, Cas you gotta know, I don’t ever want anyone else. You’re it for me.”
"Ok, I'll be right back," and Dean went back in and up to his bedroom. He changed, his brain in a swirl and went back downstairs and out to Castiel
"I do not recognize this creature, but local folklore has tales of a skunk ape, a foul-smelling primate that lives in the swamps."
“I know, let’s do it then.” Dean smiled as Cas sat up and tried to fix his hair. They got back out on the road and Dean went through his mental list of good burger places and realized there was one about 30 minutes away.
“Shut up Dean. Just sit and listen, alright?” Dean nodded, still with Cas’s hand over his mouth. “I have no desire for the things you said. A girlfriend, a dog, these aren’t important to me.  There are some things I would like to change. I want to learn, perhaps take a class. Most of all I want to stay with you, however you will have me. If it is only as a friend I will consider that an honour, but if I can be more to you, it will make me very happy. Do you understand?”
In the days after a hunt, when he and Sam were resting at Bobby’s, Dean would often have trouble sleeping and he would find himself popping awake at the crack of dawn, heart racing, flooded with adrenaline, his mind trying to slough off the remains of a hellish nightmare. It was no different this particular morning as Dean struggled to calm himself. He eyed his flask on the bedside table, but he suddenly wanted to face the morning clear-headed. He got out of bed, threw on a clean pair of jeans and a t-shirt and wandered downstairs. The house was quiet and dark, but by the dawn light, Dean could just see that Castiel’s place on the couch was empty. He restrained himself from running out to frantically look for Castiel, knowing that if anything was really wrong he would have heard it.
They disposed of the corpse quickly and once they were back in the Impala and driving in the darkness toward the motel, Cas spoke without looking at Dean, eyes on the passing swampland.
“Sam, would you like a beer?”
Nothing changed between the hunter and the angel outwardly. Dean still went hunting with Sam and Castiel showed up to help out. Sometimes there were research sessions in the library and sometimes Dean would curl up in bed and Castiel would appear in his bedroom and slip under the covers with Dean and hold him tight and tell the hunter how much he was loved and how good he was. Dean loved those nights best, even if it he wouldn’t admit it to anyone. There was some pretty awesome sex as well according to Dean and the world still turned. No one yelled at him for being happy and with a man. No one even raised an eyebrow.
Castiel didn’t answer right away, so Dean just sipped his beer and watched the stars overhead. It was strange to have this down time, but good too. He started thinking about how nice it was to take care of his little family and how he wanted to do more of that. He wanted more of something else he couldn’t quite get a grip on. He wanted dinners together, but he also wanted nights of movies on the couch and he even thought about going on a road trip with Cas and Sam to see the ocean. He was picturing Cas in shorts when his friend spoke in the darkness, his higher pitched voice still strange to Dean.
"Yeah, just enjoying the down time. I'm making pancakes and bacon" Dean announced and that was it. Castiel leaned right into him as he cooked, Sam made more coffee and Bobby read the paper. Dean and Castiel held hands all through breakfast and no one batted an eye. Sam just smiled over at them and it was enough. That night when Dean lifted the quilt to let Castiel crawl in next to him it seemed as natural as if they had always been doing it, Castiel curling into him and Dean wrapping his arm over Castiel's chest. They fell asleep together with the cool air blowing in from the open window and the moon beaming down at the new love.
With a sigh of happiness, Sam put away his phone and went to get ready for bed. As the house settled into late night quiet, Dean and Castiel came in holding hands and with whispers, Dean convinced Castiel sleep in the same bed, with a promise of just sleep and as Castiel lay his head on Dean’s folded arm, he felt as happy as he ever had. Dean slid into sleep with the presence of his best friend soothing and the sound of the ocean a gentle backdrop. They hadn’t solved the bigger issues about hunting, but together they could handle anything.
The bunker was chilly with the early fall weather and Dean shivered getting out of bed, hopping around trying to avoid touching the cold floor until he found socks and shoes. Only once he was in layers of t-shirt, plaid shirt and hoodie did he feel warm enough. Coffee warmed his insides as he sat at the kitchen table, but he didn’t feel right. There had been no hunt for a few weeks now, Sam was gone on a research trip and Castiel had been shut up in his room. Dean worried about Cas in his newly human state. He seemed to avoid people and his rare smiles had all but vanished. Dean tapped his fingers on his mug, thinking, and while he was looking around it struck him that he didn’t like the idea of Cas being almost underground all the time. His friend  should be outside in the sun, with bees and flowers or something.
The thing advanced, hot breath rolling over them as it leaned in and growled. It reared back to strike and Cas swiped with his angel blade so fast that Dean almost missed it and the creature fell, gurgling, to the ground. Dean staggered under the weight of his relief and uncomfortable with being saved he rubbed his neck and looked away from a glowering Castiel. It was all kinds of hot and Dean was flustered. A light touch on his arm drew him to look at Cas and he saw his friend again, worried and a bit awkward.
“I am. I’m enjoying The Stand, it’s very entertaining.”
“You humans might think we are monsters, but we only prey on animals. You have no name for us in your language. We have been on this continent longer than people and will probably outlast you. May I offer you some tea while we talk?” The offer of tea coming out of the mouth of a ten foot high, furry creature made Dean snort, but he managed to turn it into a cough.
Dean nodded again, and Cas removed his hand. They stared across the space between the beds and then Dean leaned further and kissed Cas just like he knew he had always wanted to.
“Ma’am we will be happy to help” and he raised an eyebrow at Sam and Cas who both nodded  in agreement, although Sam smirked at his ma’am. Dean was amused in turn by the sight of his giant of a brother and Mari heads together as they planned out a trap that would hold her mate. He caught Cas staring at him from across the fire and the look on his face was puzzled.
Castiel reached out and took Dean's arm to draw him closer and farther under the nearby shade of a pile of cars. They were almost chest to chest and Dean couldn't help but crave even more. He could feel the warm of Castiel's skin and smell the slight odour of electric charge and cinnamon that was Castiel.
“Hey Cas, we’re here.” The former angel’s eyes opened slowly and he smiled at Dean, a soft small smile that made Dean’s insides do funny things. They settled into the hotel room, Sam taking one bed, and Dean and Castiel splitting the other one. They kept to their separate sides, but Dean still felt like Castiel’s presence was overwhelming him. He lay in the dark for what felt like ages listening to Castiel breathe, letting himself relax to the sound.
Dean looked up at his name, “yeah Cas?”
“I don’t know, we’ve just been so busy keeping going that I never really thought ahead. Well, I have, but it never seemed possible.”
“Cas, no. I know I’ve been a dick in the past, but this is your home now. I promise. For as long as you want, I swear. I don’t care if you want to hunt or not. You’ve done enough. We all have.” Dean sat back shocked at himself. Had  they all done enough? That thought had never occurred to him before, but now it lodged in his brain. Castiel was shaking and Dean, more bold in the dark, pulled his friend in for a hug. Dean realized Castiel was crying and he just hugged him tighter, trying to be the best friend he could.
Monsters didn't often get the jump on the Winchester's as badly as this, thought Dean as he watched Sam grabbed and held down by two hulking hairy brutes. It was the last thing he saw as darkness fell and he toppled to the floor.
“Thank you, it is tai chi, but an older form that was used for fighting that I would have done in the past. I needed to learn how to fight in the human form, so over the years I have been training to use various styles. I wish to be of more use to you and Sam, thus the reason I am out here training. Tai chi is relaxing and a good start to the day."
“Thank you for welcoming me to your store. That is very kind. I am Castiel.” Dean grinned at the stunned expression of the greeter and they carried on. What Dean didn’t expect was that Castiel would be so stubborn about clothes. He tried on pair after pair of boots before picking the ones he liked and the same with running shoes. He debated between several pairs of shorts before Dean lost it and tried to head to the electronics and music section. He was stopped by Castiel’s hand on his arm and a squinty expression on his face.
Then Dean heard himself say a thing that he never intended to come out of his mouth. "Would you, uh, show me how to do this?"
“Dean saved the world,” Cas said. “I merely helped. As for being a footsoldier, I
“Hello, Dean,” he said.
What happened next was not so gentle. Dean yanked Cas back to his mouth, and Cas circled his arms around Dean’s waist. Cas parted his lips, an invitation and maybe a question, and Dean snaked his tongue inside Cas’s mouth.
“And Sam and Dean?”
“I will. I have you and my mother.”
Dean sighed. “You did a
“Do you have somewhere we can go?” Dean asked.
Cas watched Mary’s face light up when she spotted them. “Go,” Cas said. “We can talk anytime.”
“Because I have something special for you to do.” Jack put his candy aside and folded his hands on the table. “I want you to take care of Heaven for me.”
Dean stopped talking.
Dean rested his forehead against Cas’s. “I’m glad you did.” He pushed off Cas’s trench coat and his suit jacket. “I want you.”
Cas threw up his arms. “That’s all I want!”
Joy bloomed in his chest all the same as he contemplated the last moments of his life. He knew he hurt Dean; he had seen it on the hunter’s face. Dean had looked like he was breaking, but Cas’s declaration had felt right, and he was taken so quickly he hadn’t time to feel badly about injuring Dean with his sacrifice. Dean knew. He knew how Castiel felt about him, how he
“I’m… pleased,” Cas said carefully. “I enjoyed spending time with you.”
Charlie jumped out of her seat. “If you hurt my best angel friend, there will be hell to pay, Winchester. Possibly literally, I met Ash, and he likes to talk about string theory—a
“Thanks.” Dean looked away. “How, uh, how are you feeling?”
Cas chuckled and accepted Jack’s offering. “Thank you, Jack. We’ll have to try more food.” He surveyed the map table. “So, where do we begin?”
Cas took a step back and looked among the three of them.
“Yeah, I get that. But what
“Did you—”
“How do you propose I do that?”
“Yeah,” Dean replies. Deirdre sits quietly, clearly waiting for elaboration. “It took me a long time to come to terms with how I felt about him. I didn’t—I hadn’t been...that way...with a man before. Bit of a shock, to say the least.”
for granted. I thought maybe someday… shit, I don’t know what I thought.” Dean rubbed his knuckles against his eyes. “It scared me,” he whispered. “Whatever I felt… it scared me.”
“You sure you never done this before?” Dean managed to get out.
changed me. I told you that, and I meant it.”
Dean’s lungs filled with blood, making him feel like he was drowning in sludge. He didn’t want to leave Sam. He never wanted to leave his baby brother, but… he knew this was the end.
“We’re here because I flew us here,” Cas said dryly.
And he was okay with that.
about him. He knew, and he was alive.
Dean chuckled through his tears. “You’re damn right.”
“For real? Can I see ‘em sometime? Would that work up here?”
A body plopped down beside Cas, and he smiled while being pulled nearly into their lap with a hug.
With a nod, Cas produced a tube of lubricant. “I understand some preparation is in order.”
“Bobby told me this was your doing.”
and when He created suicide He was low
“Is your brother all right?”
really
“Not at all. I can only imagine how overwhelming this has been for you.”
Cas looked up from between Dean’s thighs. “I want to worship you, Dean,” Cas said with that voice that sounded like Baby driving over gravel. “Will you let me?”
rewriting the ending, so much that it isn’t an ending at all.”
The woman shakes her head. “No, I mean, you kinda seem like you could use someone to talk to. I’m meeting my girlfriend here, but she’s held up at work. I figured I might as well try to make a new friend.”
Cas smiled and looked at his drink. “I suppose I do.”
“Oh my god,” Dean whispered.
“Try me.”
when God created me He created me
love like that. I knew you could love. I knew you loved me and Sammy and Jack—and I’m pretty sure Meg for some reason—but didn’t know if you angels got all… romantic and shit.”
He made some mistakes
, the Empty came in and took him. Killed Billie too. One second he was there; the next, he wasn’t. He was gone.”
Dean scrubbed his hands down his face. “I don’t… I feel… Fuck, I don’t know, Sammy. I don’t know.”
“You blaming this on me?”
Cas knelt before him and kissed him gently. “They weren’t always like this.”
He had thought about this many times since Cas left. Fuck, he’d thought about it
“I don’t want anything, I’m not asking for anything. I came back here because I—I thought this was my home. I thought you were my
Mary looked between Cas and her son. “Is it true?”
and everything.”
“You did,” Cas replied. “To a point. Make no mistake, John Winchester, Dean is not the strong, selfless man he is today because of you. He is so
. Jesus fuck, his angel was whimpering. He applied a bit more pressure, and Cas rolled his hips, his hard-on brushing against Dean’s.
“Do you want me?” Cas demanded.
“It was all true, every word I said to you.” Cas looked him plainly in the eyes. “I love you. I have for a long time.”
Dean’s eyes darted around the kitchen before finally landing on Sam’s. “Said he realized that ‘happiness’ wasn’t in the having of what he wanted, but in telling me how he felt. It made him so happy, my just knowing, it summoned the Empty.” The tears Dean avoided since Cas was taken pooled in his eyes. “He… he told me he loved me.”
“Together. I said together.”
“Yeah. Makes sense.”
“Wondering if you’re ready to talk.”
,” Cas said softly, gentling Dean with a hand to his cheek.
Dean took Cas’s face in his hands. “It’s perfect.”
Dean unbuttoned Cas’s shirt. “I might have a few things in mind…”
“What?” Charlie shrieked, causing half the party to look their way before returning to their conversations.
“A lot happened yesterday; it would be fine if you weren’t okay.”
Dean smiled and rolled onto his back. “Lube on demand. Nice.”
“Good, it feels good. It’s a lot of responsibility… of power, but I’m managing. I just… I want to do something right.”
, Dean jogged over and pulled Cas into a hug. Cas stiffened, but Dean felt him relax, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist and sagging against him. Dean buried his nose in Cas’s neck. He even smelled the same. Like, shit, it was the forest—woodsy and rain shower fresh. Cas smelled like the motherfucking Garden of Eden.
Cas settled between Dean’s legs, and Dean clumsily shoved a pillow beneath his hips and planted his feet on the mattress, offering himself to Cas.
Cas combed his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I know.”
“Why do you think my wings changed? Because
“Castiel. His name was Castiel.”
“I’m sorry, Cas, I know you want to hear them, but Sam and Dean are part of that world. Someday, maybe, you and I can talk about opening communication again.”
“I would be honored,” Cas said, his voice clear.
“Yeah, Dad, Sam’s fine. He—he stayed with me. He knew I was on my way out.”
A brilliant light shone behind the angel and the wings…
Dean collapsed on Cas’s bed, fully clothed except boots and socks. Cas shrugged off his overcoat and suit jacket and pulled his tie over his head.
“What?” Dean said dazedly. They were so much more miraculous up close. Dean held out a hand, and the prism bent a rainbow onto his palm.
“Awesome,” Dean said, turning back to Cas. “We can catch up, you know, hang out. If you want.”
Dean’s quivering hands softly stroked the feathers, and Cas preened.
“Good,” Dean said with a smirk. “Because I think I’m into wing play.”
“Is everything okay? Did I say something wrong?”
Dean smiled. “Yeah, I guess so. Are you… do you feel different now? Than you felt on Earth?”
Cas leaned down and kissed Dean, forcing his tongue into his mouth until Dean kissed back with a force that nearly tipped him over. Despite being beneath him, Dean fought for dominance until Cas complied, helpless but to let Dean explore his mouth as he gripped Cas’s hair.
Cas pressed his wing further into Dean’s hand. “It
Cas gave Jack one last squeeze and then held him at arm’s length, checking him over like a mother hen.
Dean chuckled and rubbed his hand along his neck. “Yeah, not the most epic hunter death. Sammy and me were fighting some vamps in a barn, and… why would someone leave rebar sticking out the side of a column anyway? Fucking shoddy workmanship is what it was.”
“What did you do?” Sam asked carefully.
Cas fought the urge to take on his true form and tower over this tiny man. “We were both made to be instruments of war by our fathers. And we both declined. Dean was a hunter for humanity, not for you.”
“No,” Sam said. “I mean, how do you feel… about Cas?”
