"I'm listening," Steve said, and the belief in his words, his belief in Tony, was as certain as a rock. Tony let it warm him and tried not to dwell on why it filled him with such a glowing sense of relief, and maybe something more. He needed Steve's sense of certainty for what he was about to propose.
Tony thought, clenching his hands so hard the blunt fingernails dug into his skin. Even in the heat of action, Steve could have taken a moment to meet Tony's eyes, let him know what was about to happen. If Tony had been ready, maybe the whole thing would have gone differently. He didn't know how, exactly, but he did know that Steve didn't need to have gotten shot.
"Get to Camp Leigh. Get on the base." In the mirror, Steve shrugged. "Wing it from there?"
Tony swallowed against the thick knot of feelings in his throat and didn't say a word. Steve must have taken it as a no, because he slid the book back into its place on the shelf and kept searching.
"Take your time," he said noticing Tony's glance.
"Tony?"
Meanwhile the two dogs were happily sniffing each other's butts over on the park-lawn grass next to their feet. Fifi and the black puppy had somehow managed to circle the two of them with their leashes. But did they look remotely remorseful about it? No, they did not.
"Steve?"
"You'll still be back to Morgan, along with the Space stone." Steve's smile wasn't right.
Steve jerked as if electrocuted at the touch of Tony's mouth. Tony felt his flinch, started to pull back but no— If this
"Right." And somewhere out there, Steve's friend was held captive, tortured and brainwashed for the eventual mission to kill Tony's mom and dad. They'd made this choice once already, not warning their younger selves in 2012 about what was coming for their world, but this felt even more personal. Tony looked at Steve.
Tony's head was swimming by the time he finished hugging Howard, thanking him for wanting to try to be a good dad. Steve was watching him from behind one of the military trucks out in the yard, and he had signaled he already had the Pym particles in hand. Tony clenched the handle of the briefcase with the Tesseract and made himself step back from his dad. Jarvis was already opening the door of the car, and Tony wrenched himself away from him, too. The thought of what it would be like to abandon the plan and talk himself into Howard's good graces in order to get invited into his home to see Maria was like a persistent insect buzzing around Tony's head. He pulled away from them before he did something stupid. These people would go on to live their own lives, while Tony would always miss them.
"I love you," Steve whispered into his ear.
"It's my shoulder," he murmured.
"What—!" Arms flailing, Tony yelled out in surprise and then he was landing in a rolling heap, avoiding injury only through fall-training that was still instinctive. His briefcase thudded to the ground by his side. The moment stretched as he looked up dazed, expecting Steve to follow. Instead of Steve vaulting over the fence after him, he heard gunfire.
The clerk looked Steve up and down. "What are you coming from: a kid's birthday party?" His eyes gleamed in that way a father's eyes gleam when he imagines inviting Cap to a birthday party for his own child, not that Tony's ever thought about it.
"Howard Stark's expedition ship recovered this in the Arctic," Tony had bullshitted to the face of a security officer at the inspection entrance gate when they opened the portfolio case with the gleaming Captain America shield in it. "We're bringing it down to the labs for study." Steve did his best impersonation of a stone-faced SHIELD agent next to him.
"Your uniform and shield." Tony shut the barn door and came closer, taking the shield out of the sheet that covered it and setting it next to Steve. Immediately, Steve ran his fingers across the Vibranium, as if checking the shield was real and whole.
"Something burst?" Steve asked, his tone a wince, as he joined him looking at the steaming engine. He looked ahead at the two-lane road lined with grass and sparse aspen trees; nothing around for miles and the sun firmly behind the horizon, rain clouds threatening overhead. They were on their own. "Looks like it's overheating. We've got water in the backseat."
Tony blinked at that onslaught of information to unpack. He took Morgan's hand, rising. "Let's go see Steve, then, and thank him." She skipped along at his side, as if they were dancing. "And what's that in my hand."
Steve knew he might never see him again. He watched Tony scramble back out through the length of the tunnel, disappearing behind the corner and, it felt like, taking all the remaining light with him.
Everything about the world lurched and paused for a heart-stopping moment. Steve stared into the lively brown eyes of Tony Stark.
"I know," Steve sighed, his thumb brushing Tony's cheek. "Wish we could watch a movie or something, to pass the time."
"What are you talking about?" Tony looked baffled. "Who's Morgan?"
, he entreated with his thoughts.
"And what's that you've got?"
wield it? Sorry, buddy, not happening." The thought was abhorrent, even as Tony knew Steve would jump on that grenade with the slightest provocation. "Even if you weren't injured," he threw into the ring, still stung by the way that had happened on a routine get-away. They'd been so close to counting the mission as a win.
He strained to keep his head above the water, tilting it back, and it was in the midst of this Steve realized Tony was next to the grate again. He was working on attaching a large metal hook to the iron beams from the other side, a flashlight between his teeth spraying wild streaks of light around the muddy grey concrete walls. Steve's ears were underwater by then, but he thought he heard his name or might have felt a touch against his face one last time. There was a great deal of noise, just before water closed over his head.
"Me, maybe. Not sure we can sell you as an egghead." If Tony's eyes lingered on Steve's biceps, well, who could blame him.
Don't let it be said he couldn't recognize love.
"I don't know," Rhodey admitted with a sigh, "He wouldn't actually talk to me directly. He had FRIDAY relay the message, but the gist was: he doesn't want to see anyone until it wears off."
"Well, I
Tony rubbed his temple.
Tony mourned Natasha, but she'd been like a sister to Steve and Steve was
And then they went back home.
Steve put one of his palms to cover Tony's, on the side of Steve's face, and pressed that palm into his cheek, against the start of a rough stubble there. His chest rose and fell like he'd just run a marathon, and Tony found his own breath speeding up. "I tried so hard to give you space. Whatever you want, I've given it to you. But this, you being like
The battle-hardened edge faded from Pepper's eyes a little. "I know. Honestly, I wouldn't do this to you, but the dog-sitter is running late and I need to be on the plane to L.A. in"— she looked at the elegant rose-gold watch on her wrist —"fourty minutes, so Happy will already have to perform miracles with traffic."
Once again, Steve proved his readiness to take orders, moving faster and harder, pounding into that one sweet spot. Tony gasped and moaned and shook, feeling Steve fill him as waves of pleasure washed over him with every thrust.
Tony wasn’t sure how long he held him for. It could’ve been seconds or it could have been minutes. But eventually he had to pull away. “You go back to the others. I’m going to call a new suit and get the broken one back to the tower. I don’t trust anyone else to handle it.”
The battle after those few was a lot harder. Tony didn’t go down, but it was still a difficult battle. This time it was either an alien or a mutant or an interdimensional being. It was unclear, but they had some kind of self-multiplication powers that were a royal pain to deal with. Tony spent most of the battle constantly on his toes, reacting to every little thing that was thrown at him. The team got separated going after different versions of them, and they only knew that they managed to knock the real one out when all the other versions suddenly vanished. Tony was in the middle of a fight, and when all the duplicates suddenly disappeared he was left in midair, throwing a punch that didn’t connect, adrenaline still coursing through him.
Steve always seemed so bold and collected during a fight. So sure of himself, so full of confidence, ready to take on anyone and anything the world or other forces could throw at him. It was one of those things that Tony both admired about the man and could never understand.
There were a lot of things he admired about Steve that also drove him up a wall. He was also self-aware enough to realize that a lot of the things that annoyed him came down to his own insecurities. His endless, selfless courage reminded him that at the end of the day, he always had and always would consider himself selfish, at least in his own eyes. His straight-edge morals reminded Tony of all the horrible things he’d done in the past for his own sake. The way he carried himself with such confidence just reminded Tony that most of his bravado was a complete bluff. Sure, his therapist routinely pointed out that he would throw everything away for someone he cared about at the drop of a hat, or that the things he’d done in the past didn’t define the person he was in the present, or that the airs he put on were a perfectly normal coping mechanism considering the life he’d grown up with, but that didn’t change the fact that his perception of himself had been shaken all those years ago and never quite recovered.
“You okay, doll?” Steve asked, his lips right next to Tony’s ear.
Eventually he managed to gather himself, straightening up to see Steve standing a few feet away from him, wearing a concerned expression.
Steve drew in a sharp breath. “Fuck- Tony- close-”
Steve seemed to take the not-so-subtle hint, because his fingers were withdrawn and a moment later something much larger was pressing against him, then into him. He found himself panting, his forehead pressed against the wall.
“Do you just… carry that around with you?”
Tony just did his best to make a noise in response, adjusting to the length in his mouth before beginning to bob his head. Steve was heavy against his tongue, and the feeling of his hands in his hair was amazing. He was achingly hard, his own cock imprisoned in his suit, pinned uncomfortably against his stomach. The whole situation of him being on his knees in front of Steve in an alleyway, sucking him off while he was still in uniform was so overwhelmingly filthy. He wanted to stay there forever.
It was one such battle when Tony went down.
When Steve pulled away, Tony barely had time to cough before he was being hauled to his feet and pulled into a heated kiss. He was sure Steve could taste himself on his tongue, but that didn’t seem to deter him. Maybe he found it attractive.
“Fuck,
The two of them cleaned up in a comfortable silence, Tony putting back on the front and back pieces he’d removed from his suit as Steve replaced his glove. After a couple minutes Steve spoke up.
For a moment they both stood there, panting, Tony slowly becoming aware that it was only the armor keeping him upright. Eventually Steve pulled out, leaving Tony feeling empty.
“You could’ve had this so much sooner.”
“You never said-” Steve’s voice was cut off by a groan as Tony rolled his tongue up the underside of his cock.
“Do you have any idea how many times I’ve imagined this?”
“Did we get him?” someone asked over the comms.
With that, Steve was kissing Tony again, pushing him against the wall of the alleyway and pinning him there. Tony groaned as he felt his back hit the wall, and he pulled Steve closer. He managed to get the back of his suit off and Steve turned him around so his hands were pressed up against the wall.
The next few battles were easy enough. Steve and Tony’s teamwork had drastically improved, and they spent the battles side by side when they could. After the battles they’d go to debriefs exhausted but still making dry jokes about the situation, planning on what food they’d get afterwards.
He thought he might shatter.  He thought his stomach and his heart might not stay inside his body. He thought… He thought he recognized that voice.
“It’ll be ugly.”
He was in a tiny town, far from anywhere resembling a city, renting out a room in the only motel in town. The whole building only had three units and the bedspread looked to be something knitted by the old lady who ran the place, but it had a percolator instead of a single-cup brewer, so he was actually very pleased with it, on the whole. It had a shelf of books—take one, leave one.  The shelf was clean, but the books had that smell to them, the dusty smell, the one that said they had forgotten how it felt to be read. He had picked up a cookbook, was halfway through the poultry section learning about duck a l’orange, when he heard a familiar thud outside.  He sighed, closing the book.
Tony finally closed his mouth over the tip and Steve gasped.  He was so hot and wet, the pressure eclipsing whatever thoughts Steve had been trying to have.  Tony shifted, trying to take more of Steve, swallowing him down, the tip of Steve’s cock pressing into his throat, sliding down, cutting off his air. He worked his hand around the part of the shaft he couldn’t take, fondling behind Steve’s balls. He pulled off, breathing hard.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve replied, finally. “I’m just going to see a little more of the world. But you know how to get in touch, if you need me.”
That’s very sweet, Steve, but in this case, James is actually right.  Tony needs to know how to do this sort of thing on his own.
Finally, looking out a window at the rising moon, Tony said, “Was there a reason I woke up in
“Hey, Shell.  It’s hard, I think, when you feel like, you almost fit in.  Like, you almost got it right.  Everyone else thinks you’ve got it made, you’ve got it together, but you’re just. Not. Like. Them.  So, I understand.  Have you ever thought of coming out to anyone? I have. Years ago. To my best friend.  I mean, I’d thought about it. If only to get him to stop trying to set me up with girls.  But I don’t know.  It ended up being a moot point, since he moved out of the country a few years ago.  And now, my friends, they’re great, but we’re still relatively new friends. What if they hate me? I guess I just want to be sure. –Flying”
“Clint, I told her you could throw a knife and release all the party balloons that are supposed to be dropped at midnight.  Not that you should but that you totally could if you wanted to, in one throw.”
“Tony?” he asked loudly, wanting to give full warning.  If he was wrong, if there was an eager partner in there, he wanted to be stopped before he saw anything. He didn’t think he could forget the sight of a wet, aroused Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha had moved to cover the other side of the room, keeping an eye on the doors.  “Pepper said Colonel Rhodes is on his way, Hogan is having a shit fit, and she’s flying him back in tonight.  She is rounding up the lawyers and she said that Stane was supposed to have an appointment in,” she checked her watch, “just a few minutes so she wanted to bring in private security.” She pulled another gun from the small of her back and slid it over to Steve.  “I told her not to bother.”
“Tony, m’boy!”  Obie’s stentorian voice filled the room, jovial and welcoming.
It was extremely weird hearing Loki’s voice coming out of his own mouth, Tony reflected, distracted momentarily.  Then he saw Steve, who was glowing like a tomato again, bashful. If the poor guy got any redder, he’d be having nightmares of himself.
Tony watched the tense moment, when none of them spoke.
Pepper grinned back. “Is he dead? I’m not objecting or anything, but the PR might be a challenge.”
“They’re not, I didn’t,” Steve started.
“I’m not bored,” Tony said, quickly.  He was not going to lose out on Steve time. And he didn’t want Steve to think he was getting bored of his company.  They’d started out a little rough in the beginning, back when Tony had thought Rogers was a bit of a grandpa and Steve thought Tony was flighty.
“Um, Jarvis? Could you maybe help me get Mr. Stark’s attention?”
“So, the point is to make sure you can feel everything, right, but to not let your fingers get burnt off again,” Tony summarized.  “This is what I’ve got now. It’s a neoprene base, but it has Kevlar armor to let you punch things, since I know it’s one of your favorite activities, and magnetic pulses on the gauntlet to call back the shield.  Also, the finger tips have increased sensitivity, they’re almost as sensitive as your fingers normally are, but they have a layer of shielding.  Not like the Kevlar, it won’t stop bullets and it’s not really flame proof, but it’s a start for right now.” He was a little frustrated. He hadn’t found anything that would keep sensitivity and be truly protective. Not yet.  But Steve needed it, and he couldn’t help feeling a little extra motivated.  He loved taking care of Steve, who rarely asked for anything. It was infuriating, really.
“I have a lot of spare time now,” Steve says. He turns his hands, flexing his fingers, trying to keep blood in all the right places.
Natasha smiled, thinly.  “I’ve spent time in a lot of places.  Europe, mostly.”
“I mean, I don’t. But if you say so; you’re the genius after all.”
I haven’t heard back from you.  I’m hoping you’re not disappointed.  If you are… I’m so sorry. Truly.
“I love you,” Steve said again, muffled a little with his mouth against Tony’s hair.
“Yep.  No more one-armed bear wrestling for you.  And before you say it, yes, she’s the best thing that’s ever happened to you and that includes when you got your expert qualification.”
These were Mr. Stark’s blueprints.  What had he done? He was supposed to be helping, not sticking his nose where it didn’t belong! Mr. Stark had told him just this morning, he was an engineer—the foremost in the country.  And Steve was an unemployed veteran.  He had no training in architecture or mechanics; he had no right to mess with Mr. Stark’s documents. And he’d written it all in pen. Steve was sure that Mr. Stark could print another copy, but it was the hubris. It was the arrogance of his actions.  He’d overstepped his bounds.
They looked at each other for a second.  “Yeah, that’s really nice of you, Stark,” Pieter said for both of them.
“Right. Well.  Same.” Tony stepped back into the elevator. “About the getting in touch, anyway. Take care of yourself, Rogers, don’t miss me too much, save the manful tears.” He grinned, pressing the button to take him back to the workshop.
Steve couldn’t reply.  His whole body was rigid, fighting to contain the feeling of his entire world flying to shards, to hold all the broken pieces together, inside.
Steve looked at him, smiled, still a little awkward.  “You didn’t have to, Tony,” he said, although Tony wasn’t sure if he meant because Steve was getting out of jail or because Steve knew he was gay and didn’t need any bribes to still be friends.  It didn’t really matter, anyway. Tony did know Steve would stand with him.  Just like Sam, and Pepper, and Rhodey. Just like Natasha.  And Bruce, who was just pulling up in his beetle.  He went into class with all of them, around him, a tight knit little pack.  His people.  These were his friends. Flying's rejection still stung. And Tony was still mad as hell about being outed, not on his own terms, not in the way he chose. But his friends were with him, the way he’d known they would be.
Tony wasn’t going to lie to himself here.  If this blonde giant weren’t so beautiful, he’d have killed this conversation in its inception.  As it was though, “I just fired my PA.  Well, not fired so much as promoted.  Well, I gave her the company.  So, I have an opening, as it were, for an assistant.” Barnes raised an eyebrow.  He knew exactly what Tony was thinking.  He’d seen Tony looking. He’d blush, but he really couldn’t be shamed.  Not by his would-be thief. “You know, handle all the things I don’t want to handle.  Pick up things for me.” He had a sudden urge to drop things just to see him bend over.  Down, boy, he told himself. “I just don’t like getting handed things.  You’ll have to do some paperwork, liaise with Stark Industries, help me evade Pepper—that’s my old PA. Sometimes that means all hours.” Tony could imagine blondie sleep ruffled and, well, honestly, looking sort of adorable.  How was a giant that adorable? And in his imagination? Whatever.  Business at hand.  “So, if you want it.  That’s what I got.  Start paying off the Chihuly.” He found he suddenly really wanted not-a-Neanderthal to accept.  But he had the upper hand, anyway. Wasn’t like the guy could actually say no without putting his friend in a bind. And somehow, Steve didn’t seem like the type of guy to do that.
“Whizsup?”
“So, Tony, Tones, my friend,” Hammer’s oily voice oozed at him.
Everything about him, Tony Stark, was so bright, so flashy. He was everything that Steve struggled with in the modern world.  So quick, so casual.  A flippant smile and wink to the cameras, false daylight.  Steve had enough practice with the press on the USO tours to know a fake smile when he saw it.  He wondered what it covered. He wondered if Tony remembered what it covered, if it ate at him, like it ate at Steve.
Steve seems to notice, covering for him.  He adds, “Besides, potato chips aren’t healthy.  Get the kid some carrot sticks or something. I didn’t do all those PSAs for nothing.”
Apparently Romeo had decided he was going to sleep in Steve’s room.  He’d emerged from a nap and playtime bow-free, but extremely fluffy.  When Steve stood up and said he thought he’d hit the sack, Romeo trotted along at his heels.  Steve was a little disconcerted.  He’d never had a pet, and he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do with him.  Still, Steve’s bed was huge so there was plenty of room.
This time Tony’s the one who’s silent for a moment.
“It appears to be something in Howard’s old files.  Something filed under Project Rebirth, sir.”
Steve just looked at him pensively, didn’t acknowledge Tony’s comment about the money. He reached out, taking Tony’s hand, stilling his motions.
birthday,” Jarvis put in.
“We won,” Steve said, smiling wryly, disbelieving—and still, somehow, sad.  He was close enough to touch.
“Mr. Stark, these galas are the best. You’ve got to let me come to the next one. This is the best job,” Steve said, on the edge of slurring.
No one paid any attention during class.  They may as well have canceled them. Instead, rumors ran rampant—Steve had ambushed Hammer and Hodge (both of them?), Steve had been painting Peggy naked, Steve had been dealing drugs—the rumors got more and more ridiculous throughout the day, but by lunchtime, the word was out.
Right.  He had other things he needed to do.  Like make sure Thor was still breathing.  Steve checked the Asgardian, made sure he was still alive.  He was snoring, actually, so Steve wasn’t too worried.  The goat wandered over and started nibbling on his shirt.  Steve considered shooing the animal away, but then Thor had brought the goat to sacrifice for dinner, so it seemed only fair to let her get a meal in, too.  He let her be.
“About wh-“ Steve began.
“Who the hell came up with this thing, anyway?” Tony asks, removing fragments of stretchy fabric.
“Well, not in so many words, Nat! I didn’t ask him to anatomically describe his ideal date!”
“Jesus, Steve.  We weren’t all raised in the Great Depression you know. Were you going to boil that, too?”
Tony put down his tablet.  He’d created the plans for making Steve’s new palette.  He’d use the new shiny metal he’d gotten from Mr. Morita.  Whatever it was, it’d hold paint.  It was strong, too.  It could probably take a punch even.
“Got a crowd, I see.  Classy, Rogers,” Rumlow ground out.  “Very Harry Potter with the team building.”
I wish there was more. But there isn't. I realize it's short, but it's all I've got.
So I guess, why am I telling you this? Well, your emails are the best part of my day, too.  Every day.
“Jesus, Steve.  Pot, kettle.”
“Hey man,” Rhodey said. “How have I never seen you working here before? I swear we’re in here like three times a week.”
“You guys okay?” he asked. “What kind of effects are you experiencing?”
“It would have been Steve’s dick,” Bucky threw in, stage whispering.
floated through his mind.  He squashed the thought.  Steve wasn’t his.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, tipping the mug back to level.
By noon, his bladder was calling.  Tony got up, refreshing email automatically on his way to the bathroom.  Nothing.  There was no way Flying didn’t see the story—if not on ShieldSpies, then on CNN, Fox, local news… He’d at least have checked his email by now.  He checked his email at least three times a day, not that Tony was counting—he just noticed things.
“Really, Buck? I tell you that breaking and entering is a good idea and you want to make an issue outta what I call the guy?”
Fuck Rhodey for being so observant, Tony thought without malice. Still, he wasn’t wrong.
So he trained, and he read, and he listened.
Mindful of the company, of the politics, of all the good he was trying to do, trying to leave Pepper on solid ground, trying to build a legacy that would grow instead of a weapons company, all he said was, “Sounds a little like coercion to me. Not really my style.” He turned to find Steve and give him an errand—to go see Pepper, to find the Fountain of Youth, honestly, anything to get him out of Stern’s reach—but Steve was nowhere to be found.  He’d disappeared, his presence only known by a fresh glass of apple juice on the rocks.
“Tony, you said… You said we have to be better.  That we exist to save lives.  That we fight to make sure that no one is above the law, not even us.  You were going to kill him.”
“Steve,” she greeted him. “I’m so glad you’re here for Tony, especially with Happy gone.  I need to wrangle a new investor into clean energy.  I’m a wreck—I have to sign Johansson tonight—and I can’t worry about Tony.  Tonight’s going to be difficult, since he doesn’t want to let the public know, well, you know. It’s going to be rough. You’ll keep an eye on him, won’t you?”
“Um,” Steve started, smoothly.
Steve ended the call, enormously relieved.  Bucky would be okay. Nat would be able to fix it.  He’d never met someone more determined. He went back to the bedroom. Bucky hadn’t moved, so he grabbed a book to keep himself company.
Steve opened a browser window, searching for a grief counseling group.  Survivor’s guilt, the therapist had said. Steve entered it into the search bar. Fury was at least right in that it was a little better to see what other people had to say, hidden here, behind his computer. Of course, Fury would never let him go to an actual meeting.  SHIELD didn’t want their newest melted mascot to be out in public, talking to everyone.  Not when they couldn’t control it.  Even his hander, Coulson, seemed to be playing things close to the vest, but then he seemed like a devoted acolyte of Fury’s.  So this was the solution.  An online grief counseling group.  Message boards, they said.  Group chats, they said. Maybe a VA meeting in a few months. Maybe.  Coulson seemed to be pushing for it, or Steve thought so, anyway.  But Fury and Hill didn’t seem to feel the same.
“J?” he asked, without removing his eyes from Steve’s face. “Confirm translation?”
Steve sighed, putting down his watercolor.  Tony was fiddling with an arrow tip, so Steve slid a hand around his waist, kissing the back of his neck.  Tony put down the arrow tip, turning fully in Steve’s arms.  He smiled, pulling him in for another kiss.  “Come get me after,” he told Steve.  “And don’t let her do that flippy thing with her left ankle. She always pins you with that move.”
She smiled, wryly.  “I’ve picked up a number of talents over the years.  It comes in handy.”
The reactor was still recognizable, but stretched into a nautilus, winding around itself.  It was beautiful, like a flower in the midst of unfurling.  The next page patterned the shape geometrically, as if Gatsby had decided to forgo his green light in favor of a love affair with an arc reactor.  The following sketch pulled the reactor into four dimensions as much as it could while using only two.  Tony had never thought about it like that.  There was so much potential.  He turned the page again.  The center of the arc reactor, the heart, encircled by an orbiting set of external lights.  It looked like a hyper stylized flower.  Or a solar system.  It was beautiful.  Was it hubris to get a drawing of something you made framed, if someone else had drawn it and it wasn’t quite your original creation? What would Miss Manners say? Emily Post? Emily Gilmore? Screw that. What would Pepper say? She was always a good judge of what was tasteful.  Tony’s wry humor came back to him.  He could leave it to her.  If Steve said it was okay.  He could leave her a giant rendition of his true heart.  The thing that made him see the need to do good in the world.  To leave behind something better than himself.  Sure, it might kill him, but it made him have a life worth living.  Better not tell her the killing him part.  She probably wouldn’t like it as much.
“Sir is on complete blackout, Captain,” Jarvis said regretfully. “Even I can’t speak to him or interfere unless it reaches an extreme threshold of behavior or time.”
As the air lightened, Steve felt himself collapse, like his lungs couldn’t hold oxygen anymore, like his heart was slowly pulling itself smaller, his body losing its muscle, losing its will.  This was it, anyway, this was the end.  Somehow he’d have to explain to Tony what he was doing naked in Steve’s bed.  Chalk it up to magic, maybe.  How had he thought he’d survive this hit? How had he imagined he’d be able to go on?
“Uh, Steve, Sticky Fingers is playing with his phone at the table,” Tony tattled on Peter. Steve was a stickler for putting away tech during mealtimes. It was important.  For bonding. And sometimes Tony stayed longer, smiled more.
Damnit. His brain started spinning, considering ways to convince Stern to play fair, only take aim at Steve.  Was this retribution for Tony’s threat? No. It had to have been before that. Bucky had been drinking for hours to be in that state. It was probably a power play to get Steve to come crawling to Stern.
Or maybe it was him.  Maybe it was Tony.  Maybe Flying had heard the news, seen who Tony was, who he really was, and found him lacking.  Flying might not think he was cute. Might think he was a nerd. Maybe he just didn’t think Tony was attractive.  Not even his fault.
Steve’s face went still. “He won’t touch you.  He won’t.” His tone dropped. “I’ll tear him apart if he tries.” Tony believed him. Completely. Steve addressed the other two. “Stane has some sort of electronic taser or something. Tony?”
So maybe Tony didn’t hate magic entirely, since it had eventually led to him having a very enthusiastic Steve Rogers as his boyfriend. He was, after all, a scientist at heart, and there were all sorts of experiments he could do with a naked supersoldier in his bed.
Bucky eyed him suspiciously for a minute and made a dissatisfied sort of noise in the back of his throat as he stood up.  He stepped into the bedroom to drop the towel in favor of a pair of sweats, not bothering to close the door. From inside the darkened room, he called back, “You know, I bet I just turn a garden hose on you when you’re wearing a tshirt and some tight jeans and Stark would claw his way through a rosebush to get to you.”
“How tragic, then, that the Captain is so enamored of you,” Loki told him.  “It’s unfortunate, really, with someone so well-endowed. Perhaps you’d reconsider?” he asked Steve.
Scenario one: Tony had brought back a very enthusiastic partner and they were currently, um, busy, in the shower.  A woman, probably, by the pitch of the noise.  Tony hadn’t brought anyone back to the tower for months, and Steve was self-aware enough to know that he’d been more pleased by that than he should have been.  He started by telling himself it was because he wanted Tony to be in a stable, happy relationship. That he wanted him focused on the team.  It wasn’t exactly a lie.  He did want Tony to be in a stable, happy relationship (with him), and focused on (part of) the team (him).  He stifled the feelings pretty well most of the time.  He thought Natasha might know. He was pretty sure he’d slipped up when she had still been trying to find him a date.  But she wasn’t saying anything.
Tony’s alarm woke him up at six am.  He checked his email.  Nothing.
Steve felt nonplussed.  He held out his hand.  Stark took it, but dropped it quickly.  “Jesus,” he said again.
“Well, Miss Potts sent me a note, Sir.  She said she didn’t trust Batroc. I just kept my eyes and ears open.”
The way Steve always, always had his back.
“You have to actually eat the soup for it to do any good, it’s not Boggle.” He sounds amused, not annoyed. He sounds fond.
“Shell,
Finally.  Bucky’s eyes opened, still bleary, but conscious this time.
Tony sighed internally, and looked briefly at Steve, standing next to Pepper at the side of the room. They made a lovely couple, tall, fair, athletic.  He brought himself back to the question. “Actually, I’m not in the market for supermodels, Russian or otherwise. And no, I, and SI, would never sell weapons to enemy combatants.  As you know,” he glanced toward Steve again, apologetic, “I owe a great deal to our men and women in the service, and I would never betray their trust. As for Dubai,” he hesitated slightly, checking his phone almost imperceptibly, “no. We’re trying to track the money from the sales, transactions made without the company’s knowledge or mine, and we think that money trail ends in Libya. We’re working with our teams to liaise with the Libyan government.”
Feel free to let me know what you think
“It’s being worked out.  I’d say another two or three days.  Just thought you’d want to know now, start packing your bag. Do you have a bag? Your bindle? Fold up your hankie squares?” He hears Steve sigh. It sounds like his lungs unfurling for the first time.  He imagines him, standing tall, looking up at the Wakandan sky. It’s picturesque, even in his mind. “I’ll send a jet. I need some help on the ground up here.”
There’s another one of those brief silences that won’t stop screaming.
Also, author does not know technicalities of anything really.
“And?”
Steve had held his hand as he cried, held his head as he’d puked, and put him to bed.  Bucky would be horrified when he realized he was back to being a duckling.  Still, it was the least he could do.  Bucky had always been by his side, always had his back.  He’d had to assign him to some of the most difficult positions when he was the team’s sniper.  Too exposed for comfort, separated from the rest of the team.  But Bucky had never complained.  Never tried to pull rank or earn favor because he was Steve’s best friend.  He just had a job to do.  Watching Steve’s sorry ass, as he usually put it, trying to keep him out of trouble.
Folding his slice, he took a bite.  Ok, Steve was maybe not kidding.  This was actually delicious. And from an oven in his kitchen? Amazing.  He realized Steve was still standing in the kitchen.  “Sit, Rogers.  Have pizza.  You’re allowed to have pizza. You have to eat, you know.”
He remembered moonlight, quiet, a breeze.
“Like what, Tony?” Was that patronizing tone truly there, or was he being swayed by Steve’s drawing?
Steve just smiled, a real smile—and that was luminescent, the warm benevolence of a kind sun.  Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen anything quite that astoundingly lovely before, and it was addictive. He wanted to keep making it happen, make it happen for him, make Steve smile.  He needed it.
The end.
“So,” Natasha said.
There were barely any dots to connect, barely any data at all, but let it never be said Tony was not a genius. “Pepper told you.”
“Not you, you idiot. Me.  Ambitious. Headstrong. Doesn’t know his limits.” Tony hadn’t even thought about applying that description to Steve. But hearing it again, it does seem appropriate.
“What happened?” Tony asked, curious. There was no way someone had stood Steve up.
The front door closed gently.
He’d wake, sitting up ramrod straight.  The lights from the neon beyond his windows were too bright, the reds and oranges, the blues, like the phosphorescence of bombs, the crimson of blood, the blue of the tesseract.
Steve was wavering, not sure if he should sign up or click the back button, when something Wilson wrote caught his eye.
In all their times together, the sweetest thing that Tony ever called him was the flat nickname of Cap. Or maybe Mr. Rogers, in that playful tone of his — but that was all. Tony had never hugged him, never touched him with the kind of intimacy with which he was stroking Steve's hair now. He'd never lowered his face and pressed a soft kiss against Steve's mouth like that, murmuring, "Promise."
things like that. It was the past, bitter him, and he was tired of those corrosive feelings. He just wanted Steve to stick around. It came out sad and wrong.
"They know who Cap is," Steve marveled, in sotto voice. "I knew they had comics and movies all this time, but I just never— I didn't realize how constant it's been." He was slouching, as if to make himself smaller and overwhelming endearment stole Tony's breath for a moment.
Steve looked stricken. "Tony. You must know. Don't you?"
Tony nodded. "Don't you trust me?" A note of hurt snuck into his voice.
"That's the plan."
He braced himself for no response, but after a few seconds, the blackout was lifting and the door was opening, and there Tony was. He looked just like he always did — that is to say,
"Some sort of latent trauma, probably," Tony waved a dismissive hand, tipping the sunglasses off his head down to his nose. "Exposure therapy will probably clear that all up. Listen, I have to get going—"
, but a small part of Tony's mind was at peace. It wasn't fair that he was putting Steve through this kind of pain, but... Steve wasn't letting go. Steve wasn't giving up.
just nerves or cold feet, as they called it?
"That wasn't real," Tony entreated, stroking his hair in a very distracting manner. Steve wanted to believe him so badly. "You hit your head in the fight with Mysterio last night. Nearly cracked your skull open, dumbass." He punctuated the last with a kiss on the top of Steve's nose. The fountain of affection that seemed to be pouring off Tony in every touch, and every glance, even his voice, was melting the hard ice that had formed around Steve's heart. Those eyes would not betray him.
"Boss is my creator," FRIDAY answered simply. A moment later, she added in a thoughtful tone, "However, my recent observation does suggest a chemical influence at work."
"There is always another way," Tony said automatically, still frozen.
He found the moment inexplicably peaceful between one breath and the next, and then he was out cold.
"Let me buy you coffee," Steve said. They both glanced down at the dogs that were watching the two of them with the look that faintly reminded Tony of parents watching precocious children. "We could find a place to sit outside. It's a gorgeous day." Steve looked around and actually breathed in a lungful, as if savouring it.
"Tony?" Steve called, and his expression showed concern even through the unfamiliar features of the image inducer.
Clint, Hulk, Thor had all shown their pain and despair in a different way, yelling and arguing. Tony didn't know which one of them he was worried for the most. For himself, it was as if it wasn't true. Tony was numb, disbelieving of the idea that she could be gone, just like that, never to return. Angry arguments swirled; Hulk threw a deck bench into the lake.
"Nat would want us to keep going," Tony said, squeezing Steve's hand. "C'mon." Tony caught Steve's elbow, helping him to his feet. "I've got FRIDAY modeling a glove that should fit all the Infinity Stones. Natasha lay down her life to give us this chance. We can't waste it," Tony said. "But I promise you. We get this done. We get the Snap reversed and everyone's okay? We can talk about it then."
Tony looked startlingly blank. "You dreamt I died?"
"That I hate dogs?" Tony's lips fell in a bitter twist. "Yeah, not so much."
"Nothing I want more," Tony blurted out and winced at how earnest it came out. "So. Uh. Rhodey told you?"
on the living room couch. She thrust a paper doll cut-out in his face, careful to avoid jostling his bad arm.
"What?" Tony finally looked up. "What does it matter—? Wait, you aren't saying—" He failed to find words for a second.
"We should focus on getting back home." He pointlessly straightened the collar of Steve's shirt, wishing he could do more. "You just leave the rest to me."
"Let's try to keep a low profile, the hotel guy already thinks I'm on my way to Woodstock." Tony ran a thumb over his bearded chin.
"It's true." He wanted to look into Tony's eyes even if they were angry at him once more. "You said... I lied to you."
Peals of laughter. "No, Daddy! It's
The spark of anger was enough to make him push up off the ground and start pacing. What was
Tony moved back a few inches so their eyes could meet again.
"No, I'm good." Steve shifted and tried to look more alert. "I just—" He yawned. "Sorry." Carefully, he rolled more to one side and nodded at Tony to continue. "What were you saying?" he entreated.
"Cap," Rhodey said with a sigh, "That man loves you. The biggest truth I know is that he wants to marry the shit out of you. And he won't talk to me, he's just fibbing me off. FRIDAY says he refuses to see anyone 'until it wears off', which will not be tonight, according to Tony. So of course I called you. You can talk him down and get him to the reception." He said this with steady certainty. Steve hoped he was right.
. He just had to keep repeating it to himself, until the words sunk in. He looked over at the other man, only to watch Steve wipe his cheeks with his palms.
Was he smiling? Tony couldn't feel his own face, but he thought he had to be smiling.
"...I think that light above needs to flash green."
"Yeah," Steve agreed. "Don't worry about the looks, just find me something that fits."
"Only that—" Tony waved a frustrated hand. Steve wasting himself away on a memory didn't sit well with Tony. He could do better than that. "Yeah, for sure, the rough winds lately have been very, very rough, but— Can't just curl up in a ball and cry, right?"
"And we're together?"
He knew what he had to do.
Steve's laugh might have been a sob. "You saved us. But it was too much. You—." He couldn't. Just thinking of it, of Tony in that state, brought excruciating pain. His right arm had been charred. Steve couldn't do this, his mind shied and skittered away from the memory. He opened his eyes and drank in the sight of this very alive, very worried-looking man straddling his lap.
Steve complied.
"Hey, buddy?" Okay, so the anxious twist in his gut had nothing to do with the hot dogs. Steve either didn't hear or was too far down in his thoughts to respond. After another moment's hesitation, Tony gave in, pulling one hand from the steering wheel and set it on Steve's shoulder, shaking him lightly. "You falling asleep over there?" The feel of Steve's warm shoulder under the jacket was captivating; Tony's hand lingered.
future. Without meaning to, he was starting to make plans that counted on Steve being around for it.
Tony was still giggling when they walked out to the open veranda of the lake house.
Tony groaned, and drew Steve's shirt closed, careful of the injury. "Because thinking something happened to you was a walk in the park. You get that keeping things from each other has never made things better, right?"
After a moment's hesitation, Tony scooted over closer to Steve, sliding a careful hand on top of his sternum, in a half embrace. "I wouldn't say no," he whispered, butting his forehead against Steve's cheek, breath hot next to his ear.
"Wow, you sound frazzled," Steve said.
"Oh yeah! Heard about that," the clerk suddenly turned from incredulous to friendly. "Give'em hell, Cap!" And he gave a sloppy salute that had Steve pulling up an awkward smile in return. Everyone was a fan, Tony thought with an inner eye-roll. That was okay though; in the future, plenty of people liked Iron Man best.
"What were you gonna do for fun?" Steve asked with a quiet patience that made Tony cut a glance to him again. Steve's probing blue gaze caught him and wouldn't let go.
All it was was a little touch, through the jacket, warming him up. At one point Steve straightened the collar, fingertips accidentally brushing Tony's neck. His touch was electrifying; Tony flinched back.
Tony thought maybe together they could do
"You think you can figure it out if we get into Zola's lab?" It almost wasn't a question.
The roar in Tony's head lessened by a fraction, a space opening up to feel another's hand that had been present on his own shoulder. Rhodey. Peter was there too, crashing into them from a wild swing, and lending them his strength. And more, more. Pepper. Thor. The raccoon that Tony remembered explaining, very sarcastically, how he had helped Quill contain the Power stone once, and now was doing it again, for the sake of his adopted world. Barnes made it to Steve's side, holding on tight to his other shoulder. Then it became a human chain, every Avenger, all the people Strange had brought to this battlefield to assemble on Steve's command, they were all connected. Every connection opened up space for Tony to keep on breathing.
Steve lifted his chin up high, to keep the water from getting into his mouth.
to be waking up together.
Tony was about to crow over the ease of their successful escape when his sensors registered Steve's grip starting to slip from his armor. If Tony wasn't clasping him to himself, he would have fallen.
, the way Steve was looking at him. Tony spared another glance, taking his eyes off the relatively empty road. Steve's smile had faded to a faint cant of his mouth, but he wasn't looking away. As the sun finally rolled behind the horizon, its orange rays highlighted the chiseled features of the man next to him and turned his hair golden in a way Tony found unfair. Their eyes met and held. "Yeah?" Tony said, nonsensically.
Steve was, of course, entirely unaffected by the flu that had swept through the city like a plague, yet even so, he looked tired. He'd stayed up with Tony all night to look after him. Steve was almost disgustingly sweet about it, too: patient with Tony's taciturn moods, going as far as to fluff his pillows and change the cold compress on his forehead, even bringing him a bowl of chicken soup broth when Tony couldn't keep anything else down. He always spoke in a soft undertone for the sake of Tony's terrible headache. Tony didn't deserve him.
"You have the vials?" He turned to Steve.
While Steve lay silent and still, Tony rolled over on his side, turning to Steve and propping his head up on an elbow. He studied Steve's face while Steve let him, not looking away from his study of the night sky. He waited for Tony to make the call, ignoring the rising urge to reach over, to seek the warmth of his body and pull him closer that seemed to always live dormant in his hands.
When they separated, Tony looked really and truly happy, perhaps the happiest Steve had seen him since the proposal had gone off without a hitch. It made Steve feel like maybe he could get this right.
"Yeah," Tony answered back in the same tone. They didn't move. "In a minute."
"4A," Tony showed him the thick iron key with a leather tag. "Let's get going before your young fans adopt you."
Steve looked doubtful. "We'd need equipment to do that."
"You think we should bunk down around here?"
He leaned hard on Steve, one arm wrapped around Steve's broad shoulders, knowing the other man wouldn't mind. Steve was a little shaky on his feet himself, so they held each other up. Tony wasn't gonna be the one to say it, but pain killers were wearing off already, and his right arm hurt like it would fall off. And everything they'd lost, the struggles that came along the way, those were all still there, pressing on his heart. But that weight was bearable, because they had each other. They'd done it. They'd actually kept what they found, and didn't die trying. Nobody was more amazed than Tony, who'd from the first felt that Thanos was a curse hanging over him that would maybe take him down. But: Steve. Steve had shared the burden of the power of the Stones, and was pressed up against Tony's side now, holding him close. Tony let more of his armor melt away, just so he could feel him be closer. Steve was so warm.
"We're about an hour from the base," Tony pointed out, considering the empty road.
She was silent a moment. "Boss says no."
"This isn't up for discussion, Tony: I'll use the duplicate particles and you use the original.
Tony could feel his pulse jump. "Stop it," he growled.
He didn't have a good view of the road, so Tony went out of their hotel room, directionless, only knowing he couldn't stand back and wait. He had no idea where he'd start looking for Steve.
He was thinking of Steve again.
He was a giant hypocrite, of course, because Tony certainly had had his share of jagged crying fits over the past five years. Above all stood out Morgan's second Christmas, when Pepper was on the other coast and Tony was stuck with a toddler that wouldn't go to sleep, and kept screaming no matter how he tried to soothe her. After Morgan was finally quiet in the early morning, he'd ended up in tears himself, wondering who was he kidding here. He had felt like the world's worst fake dad. How he'd wished he could have asked his mom what to do. She was thirty years gone, then, and in that moment, Tony had missed her so much he couldn't breathe. Even now, he had to clear his throat before he could continue, "Don't give up on the future yet."
"Fifi. She's my PA's dog, actually," he answered, and mentally wondered what he was doing telling the truth. Appearing like a dog owner was clearly the name of the game here. But it seemed wrong to pretend with Steve, who was without a doubt having the best time. Fifi was milking it for all she was worth, naturally, licking Steve's hands and making him laugh in a way that was a revelation. She'd never so much as attempted that with Tony, perhaps sensing his anxiety. "You're really good with her."
"Cut the wire, huh?" Steve murmured, as if to himself. He looked up, piercing eyes focused on Tony, and for some reason more closed off than before. "I will, if you will."
Tony sat up straight. "Aren't you late for your plane?"
Sensing defeat, Tony switched tracks, leaning back in his chair, tapping a pen against his lip. "Well, what's in it for me?"
There wasn't any good way to spin it — they had a big problem on their hands. The security at Camp Leigh was on the highest level, and on top of that SHIELD was looking for them all over the country. Tony could monitor communications with a carefully placed interceptor bug in the phone cable network, so avoiding them was possible, but the commotion he and Steve had caused by stealing the Tesseract left a big impact.
"Bad dream?" he asked, looking for all the world as if he
Steve's eyes were almost unbearably intense, but oddly Tony didn't want to look away anymore, he didn't want to hide. Even though the confession was vastly embarrassing on some level, a part of him wanted Steve to hear it, this little secret of his younger, less-cynical self. He wanted Steve to know, because he wanted Steve to know
With a yank, Tony took the jacket off himself, pushing it back at Steve's chest.
Steve's eyes widened. "Your—?
"God, that's messed up," Tony pronounced, staring off to the side at a wall as if it would yield answers. "You really scrambled your brain." He pulled Steve back against his chest. Steve didn't question why Tony was being so tender with him. It was clear that wherever he was, real or not, Tony and him had a very different relationship than the one he dreamt up.
By that point, Steve was so out of it, he couldn't remember why he was struggling anymore. He knew he'd have to swim, he'd have to try to get to his feet and find land, but try telling that to his body. His limbs refused to cooperate. So, for a moment, he just let himself sink; but only for a moment. Air bubbled out of his lips, and he felt the burn of water enter his lungs.
"Tony..." Steve whispered in an entreating manner. "We don't know whether we'll be able to get more."
"Well, I suppose if you feel strongly about it,
From the communications on base, he learned that Hank Pym had miniaturize and moved all of his research to an undisclosed location, so there was no hope of lifting a few more vials even if they made it down to the lower levels of the military bunker undetected. A rendering of Tony's face was on WANTED posters that were beginning to circulate, which significantly hampered his ability to withdraw money from the sparse ATMs in the city. He had managed to hack into a Stark family account on a single occasion for a sum he hoped would go unnoticed, and they subsisted on those funds since, including new, unbloodied, clothes for Steve, some materials Tony required for his work, and paying down the new hotel room. It hadn't seemed wise to remain in a rural location, where they would eventually be spotted and easily identified.
"Can you try to sleep some more?" Steve asked now, brushing a tender hand over Tony's brow to sweep the stray damp locks of hair off his forehead. Tony turned his face into the touch; he liked the feel of that hand. Steve paused, and kept his hand in place. His palm cupped the side of Tony's head. "You need to rest." The dark sky outside the bedroom window meant it was still entirely too early.
Nat is gone! How am I supposed to keep— keep..." He didn't go on for a moment, too choked up to speak. Instead, Steve covered his face with his hands. His voice came muffled. "Moving." He rubbed his face once, getting rid of the remaining tears and looked up meeting Tony's eyes. Steve's eyes looked tired, like everything was getting to be too much for him, this life, these years of living in the world that had been broken, and having only a few people to anchor him. Tony didn't have the answers for him. He didn't know how they'd go on without Nat, but he knew they still had work to do. He needed Steve to hold it together.
When he was done hacking up a lung, Steve let himself collapse down onto the ground, using the last remnants of his strength to roll onto his back. Tony flopped down next to him, equally spent. Their fingers almost but didn't quite touch.
Tony drove another minute in silence, but it wasn't like there was anything on the way down to Jersey that deserved that kind of focused attention, and if there was, Tony wanted to hear about it.
The AI's voice sounded from somewhere above. "Colonel Rhodes is correct. Boss is in the workshop and he's called for a Blackout."
The barrels of golden hay stored inside the one-storey barn had made an excellent bedding once Tony unrolled them on the ground. They had the color a few shades lighter than Steve's hair.
Tony stared at him. He had nothing to say to that. The excuses he had built up of it all being in friendship were thin on the ground.
He got his hands on Thanos's glove and let the stones meld with his armor. Then he was thrown back with a punch to his solar plexus that knocked him to the ground.
"Yeah?" Tony croaked. He felt like all the strength had gone out of his body, and all he could do was remain upright where he crouched with one knee on the ground. And if he collapsed, he thought it would be fitting if he collapsed at Steve's feet.
"Cap showed me how," she said, matter-of-fact. Tony was going to have to stop using 'Cap' as an endearment, if his daughter was picking it up as Steve's actual name. "He was sad, but not ouch sad, but in here sad," she pointed to her heart, "and I asked him what made him happy, and he said you did, so I drawed him a picture, and he showed me how to make new clothes!" She pursed her lip and diligently showed Tony how the doll got its shirt clipped on, with little paper cut-outs wrapping around the borders of the doll.
Tony leaned in to kiss him once more, tenderly. He stepped back and composed his own hair a bit, pulled down his tux, then reached up to straighten the bow-tie on Steve's neck, and to pet Steve's hair back into shape. His brilliant dark eyes shone brightly as he took this time to compose himself while fixing what he could. Overwhelmed with affection, Steve contained any urges to ruin his careful work with more kissing, but it was a close call.
Tony rolled his eyes, but leaned into him. "Stop with that," he muttered, hiding his face in Steve's shoulder.
"Okay," Steve said, thinking. "Okay." And then he knew. "I've got this."
He made it up the stairs in record time, even with the pounding headache. When he unlocked the door, Steve jumped up off the bed as if he had springs.
There was nothing he could do to make it better. He didn't believe there was a 'better' for people like them, watching the endless parade of ghosts of their lovers, friends, family. Gone now. No platitude about her living on in their memories, no assurance that time would heal all wounds would make a difference to Steve, but Tony had to at least try be there for him. So he remained close by.
Steve's lips moved silently against his hand shaping the words. His eyes bristled with hurt.
"You look like you've seen a ghost."
, and he was allowed to be a little unnerved. He felt like this was the other shoe dropping, because everything had been too good to be true so far. Gathering his nerve, Steve kept his voice calm. "FRIDAY?"
He turned, but Steve's large hand landed on his elbow, holding him back from leaving.
One focal point. And then the wish was granted and as Tony looked on, the enemies that threatened their world crumbled to dust.
"Like...You don't remember." Tony sighed. "You and the others? We all kind of used the stones together? I can't imagine what that kind of power would—" He stopped and studied Steve's face. "Ah."
"Still, though—" Tony mumbled against his mouth, kissing him and trying to talk at the same time. He'd thrown his leg over Steve's and was now basically in Steve's lap, sitting on top of the covers. "You dreamt I died?" Tony sounded curious, nibbling on the corner of Steve's mouth. His hands slid under the thin t-shirt Steve wore, stroking his back with soothing circles.
Even looking at Fifi now filled Tony with low-key terror. He was going to screw this up. Neither Howard nor Obie were around to "protect" Tony anymore, but he didn't have much trust in himself either. Just look at him now...trembling and shaking because of being near a dog.
"Tones," Rhodey's voice called at his back. And then a command, "Give them some space!" There was a little circle around him and Steve, both still kneeling in the dirt. Steve's face was wet.
"I mean it," Tony said. "You so much as
. And come hell or high-water, Tony did love him. He wanted to say he would
"And I should, what, abandon you here?!" Tony yelled into his face. "That's your plan?!"
Control vanished in an instant, and Tony spat out, "Anything could have—You—! It's been
"You know we barely have five bucks to our name?" Tony's mind jumped to the other topic that worried him. They had left the hotel room behind, and there wouldn't be any beds to sleep in tonight, comfy or otherwise. Tony was used to falling asleep working in his garage, but it didn't do his back any favours. "Even with the current prices, that's
"Good luck."
The air smelled of ozone promising rain and the lulling sound of tires on the old asphalt road counted off miles as they put New York behind them. Rays of the setting sun pierced the pink clouds where the road met the horizon and burned his retinas, making Tony's headache flare up worse. Tony attributed his rising nausea to that and maybe the questionable hot dogs from earlier. Their heating and A/C was broken. The chilly breeze through the rolled down windows only left him feeling clammy and unwell. After a bit of silent driving, he started skimming through the radio channels.
"So, it's okay for you to talk about sending me back on my own, huh? But you don't like it when it's your turn." Tony looked at him significantly. The warm relief at the way Steve had refused came swift. Even though he didn't want to admit it, the thought of Steve easily leaving him behind had been distressing for a number of reasons.
"Just, kid stuff. Ice cream. Go swimming. Find a school field and play some ball with the other kids there. Read books like I wasn't doing enough of that already." Tony shrugged. "Stupid stuff. Do you know what's the ironic thing?" Steve waited patiently. "I'd think about running away, and I'd think to myself,
"Not for me, not if it's you."
Steve cried. Silent tears rolled down his face and the numbness around Tony's heart cracked at the sight.
The following minutes dragged on interminably. Steve strained against the confinement, trying to wiggle his leg free, hoping against hope that he might just get lucky and the trap that held him so securely would suddenly spring open. He wasn't cold anymore, but still had enough presence of mind to register this as a bad sign. Movement became difficult, as if he was wading through a thick bog, with dense weeds tangling up his limbs. He couldn't feel the leg that was pinned down at all. He thought he could hear distant sounds from outside, something like a clang of metal. He imagined it could be Tony, hooking up a chain or maybe repositioning the crane next to the entrance. The remaining light had all but vanished, and Steve could barely see the water gurgling around him, pouring out into the reservoir outside.
"Babe, remember to breathe," Tony entreated him, his hand a warm weight at his neck, massaging in circles. "Nice and slow, okay. You're safe. I'm here."
"Tony," Steve choked out.
"So you see, I didn't mean this to happen." Steve lowered his eyes, somewhat bashfully. Tony wanted to kiss his eyelids, and he was almost incapable of remembering why he shouldn't. Typically this feeling incited panic and the need to back away, but something changed, a switch had been flipped. All he wanted was to be closer to Steve. Steve who continued in a rush: "I know what it's like to watch something awful and be unable to stop it. I didn't want
real. This was undeniable. It couldn't be a hallucination. Unless Steve was still asleep? Drugged? Someone messing with him? But it didn't feel like a dream. Tony's mannerisms, his expressions, every hair-strand on his head and every dark eyelash were exactly as Steve remembered him.
"Buster's training as a therapy dog," Steve put in, and then, unnecessarily: "He is really gentle."
"I get it," Steve rushed to assure him, running a calming hand down his back. "You were scared—"
He put his face in his hands and groaned.
Tony stared. "...What the hell do they have in the water that you are you saying stuff like this..."
Only sheer luck had limited Steve's portrait and description to that of a generic blond male. Luck also held as far as his injury was concerned; it was healing nicely. The serum truly was a miracle: good became great, months of recuperation became days. Steve was walking, as long as he took it slow and didn't contort his upper body too much. A night's rest had done wonders for him; it had been good for Tony as well.
"You're scared of them," Steve said with quiet certainty, and added in that baffled tone everyone always used when they heard about Tony's little hangup: "But why?"
their way through, other people would get caught up in their escape. The chance of casualties was too high. He had to put on the suit.
could be a stranger then."
"Don't," Tony said. Just:
Tony opened his second eye and studied the cut-out doll very, very seriously. "A mouse?"
Steve smiled, happy all of a sudden. He felt like warm sunlight had touched his skin — except it was still dark, even with the half-moon out, and all of it was only Tony, only
"Steve. Buddy. Pal," Rhodey started without a preamble. "You have got to talk to Tony right away."
"If you still want to, then tell me when we finish this," Tony entreated forcefully. "And I'll believe you." That much at least was true.
Steve knew, in his heart, this was it.
His comforter raised a tousled dark-haired head and said, with a half-yawn, "You awake?"
Tony looked down so he wouldn't be meeting Steve's eyes in the bathroom mirror. "Hmm. What's the plan tomorrow?"
By that point, the plan began to fall into place. Steve used one of his many talents to acquire them an older model Chevy, its black hood gleaming in the sun as Tony drove and Steve watched the scenery from the passenger seat, somewhat morosely. The drive was slow. Tony had always liked these older cars because they talked to you. This one was telling him her troubles with the whistling rumble of the engine. He couldn't spare the time to give it some much needed TLC, get it purring like it could be, so he kept well below the speed limit to avoid overheating the engine.
"Save your strength," Tony stressed, mind running through their options. A hospital? How would they explain it after the break in at a SHIELD facility? But if Steve needed it—
"A tree?" Tony asked.
. Tony basked, knowing it was all for him. "I've got you. Come on." Steve slid an arm around Tony's midriff, helping him rise. They stumbled to their feet.
By the time Tony got back, carefully landing behind the trees and slipping inside the barn, Steve was sitting up, leaned against one of the pillars that held up the roof. Tony was both happy to see he'd had the strength to pull himself upright, and worried about the graying cast to his face. Steve's fingers stilled when Tony poked his head through the door; he had been turning the familiar steel compass over in one hand. Now he looked relieved, like Tony had been the one in any danger.
Steve looked at the vial, then he looked at Tony. "If you say it's a truth serum, it's a truth serum. But Tony, there's no need to postpone the wedding. The others will not pry—You know, you don't have to roll your eyes. If they do they'll regret it immediately. And you know— you
A brief smile quirked Steve's lips and fled. His brain
"People are people."
the one who always changes," Tony protested, baffled. He lifted his head off his make-shift pillow. "For one, I became Iron Man. And—"
He squeezed his eyes shut, to chase the prodding thought away.
"What? Why?" Steve's surprised voice echoed in response. He came out of the bathroom a minute later, his Cap costume folded in his hand. He looked good. The dark blue of the jacket highlighted the lighter shade of his eyes.
"I'm too old for this," he sighed as he pushed his seat back into a reclining position as far as it would go.
Then another pair of hands were grasping him around the chest, and he was pulled up, up out of the water until he surfaced with a big gasp. Tony was right next to him, grasping at his midriff, and yanking him up by whatever he could grab, by his shirt, and pulling him closer by the waist. They shuffled the remaining distance to the entrance of the tunnel, and dropped several feet over the edge into the reservoir of water with a big splash.
"Fuck." His eyes were like dinner plates. "I had a kid in your dream? With— With
It was meant to be a joke, but Steve's gaze fell to his lap, where in one fist he clenched his compass, with Peggy's picture in it. "Doubt you'd get much for this," he said. His thumb stroked the shiny metal cover and Tony watched the play of emotion on his face. Steve caught his curious look, his lips curving in a self-deprecating manner. He went to shrug and immediately gasped as the movement tore through his wound. Steve's face drained of all colour and he swayed, crinkling the sandwich wrapper in a clenched fist as he propped himself up with both hands to stay upright. His brow furrowed against the pain.
They walked back into the lobby together. "Stairs," Tony muttered low, hoping Steve's appearance would go unremarked. They weren't so lucky, however, and the desk clerk who had sold Tony their two-bed hotel room earlier did a double take. You didn't often see Captain America's doppelganger in full costume and shield stride into your no-frills hotel.
Even with Steve's attempt to soldier on, Tony wanted to fix this. But nothing he ever tried or said had truly made a difference to Steve. If they saved everyone with their absolutely insane plan, maybe then Steve could try to let the past go.
Still, it was hard not to turn it over in his head. If Tony did get doused with a truth serum, as Rhodey had related, then why wouldn't Steve be his first phone call? At this point in their relationship, they didn't keep secrets from one another. Getting there was a long and winding road, but now they were solid. Steve knew Tony loved him. Rhodey was right that Tony had always seemed to want to marry him.
Then Steve said, painfully, "I can't live on scraps, Tony."
Tony rushed back in to support him, catching him by the elbows. Steve just stared at him blearily, from a chalk white face. Rapidly looking him over, Tony could see the red stain of blood trailing down from his chest near the shoulder. "You got shot?!"
"You raised a daughter," Steve said simply. "Morgan Stark."
His mind did not have the familiar barrier to throw up against the sudden swooping urge to touch back. To run his fingers down Steve's broad back, all that glorious silky skin. His breath stuttered, fantasies springing up unbidden, how they could be with each other. Steve's hands sliding down his body, far less innocuous than a touch on an elbow or a shoulder. Tony sunk deeper into the reclined seat, body going boneless, as the voices in his head had suddenly hushed and stilled, subservient to the hunger he'd thought forgotten. Aching for the touch that was needed, that was welcome. Heat started to pool in his stomach and their eyes were still locked. Steve bit his own lower lip and Tony held back a noise. Steve was dangerous in a completely different way. He was dangerous to Tony.
"What the hell—! You—?" Tony couldn't even finish that thought. "I cannot believe you!"
"You lost too much blood," Tony answered. "If you faint, I'm taking you to a hospital."
"They've got Zola down there, working for them," Tony said, gingerly stepping around the issue that he was sure was playing on Steve's mind as much as it's been on Tony's. Zola was leading the Winter Soldier project. "You know he's spent a good part of his life trying to replicate Erskine's formula."
Steve was silent.
"We can't keep having this circular talk again," Tony continued after a long moment, swirling his index finger in the air to indicate the vicious cycle they seemed to be locked in. "Either we trust each other, or we don't. That's what it comes down to in the end."
"We'll bunk down in the car." Steve nodded to himself, and returned to his silent staring out the window.
"Yeah, you're real ancient," Steve said with an amused lilt to his voice. He was taking off his coat and stuffing it under his head, like a pillow. Tony followed suit.
"...How you feel?" Tony repeated, brain seeming about as useful as a bricked hard-drive.
Tony looked utterly confused. "How am I—You know what, I'm getting that doctor. This is the second time you—Hey!" Tony had moved to rise and do as promised, but Steve wouldn't let him. His hand hung on to Tony's shoulder keeping him firmly nearby, on the bed.
Tony stared. "Steve, you're gonna need to get specific about the crazy things you've dreamt up."
With a jerk of a hand, Steve yanked his own helmet off, throwing it to the side, and yep. Those were definite tears.
with you?"
Steve took a shaky breath. "Okay. There's a lot left to do, we should focus on that, you don't need this right now." Steve offered him that escape, but his eyes were searching Tony's face, as if asking to be proven wrong, to be heard and understood and
Tony's hands stilled briefly and resumed their stroking. "That made it into your dream. Of course it did. You still feel guilty about it, huh?"
It was Steve's turn to frown. "Yeah? Have you thought about what's next after we get all the Stones?" His tone was combative, but Tony knew him very well by now, and could hear the real question.
He looked at the hotel clock; that had been four hours ago.
For a moment, when Tony opened his eyes, his eyes met Steve's and they were just the two of them. Two people transposed into another separate world together, one that was only theirs.
Tony jerked back, eyes flying open. He was pressed back against the car door behind him, as if he could get out of Steve's reach. His thoughts were a chaotic mess. Did he want to get away? He'd wished Steve to reach out for him so badly just a little earlier, and now that it was happening, it felt worse than getting electrocuted. Tony was sure Steve could hear his shallow breaths in the awful silence that followed. He was panicking. Everything was made worse because Tony could see even in the faint light that Steve looked surprised to be so summarily rejected. While Tony curled in on himself, Steve shifted awkwardly in the seat. His eyes scrutinized Tony's face — did he look as shocked as he felt? — and Steve nodded to himself.
Steve drifted. The heavy down comforter covered him where he lay in a uniquely comfortable bed, and the idea of opening his eyes to face another day felt daunting. He recognized his head pounding with a headache, but Steve was good at setting things like that aside. That pain became almost abstract. Even so, he could only linger in this state between wakefulness and a dream for a little while; life carried on.
" Just the reaction Tony didn't want, and the reason he had tried to avoid saying it back at the pawn show where a cynical store keep had given him enough cash for the simple gold band to last them a week of living frugally, or as Steve called it, 'like normal people'.
"Good God, Rogers," Tony sighed with heavy relief, in perfect summation of the dire peril they'd barely escaped from.
"Steve!" Tony's voice seemed to come from far away. He sounded odd; frightened.
Suddenly wide-eyed, Steve forced out: "No—"
Tony caught a breath. "Got something to say to me?"
"Keeping it on for three years was sentimental." Logical, practical Pepper would approve of his decision, Tony knew with confidence. She'd stopped wearing hers years ago. But in the mirror Steve was giving him a look entirely out of proportion with the difficulty of the act for Tony, his expression gone somber and earnest.
"Huh." Tony's glance at him was one of admiration. "Of course, you can hot-wire a car. ...Did Natasha teach you?"
"Then what?" Steve said with an easing in his heart. He was so sure that there was nothing that could shatter the bond between them if they
Tony knelt down next to him, ignoring the protests of his scraped up knees. He propped himself up with one hand to lean over and peer at the sealed wound on Steve's shoulder. He'd done what he could while Steve had been unconscious, and thankfully it hadn't started bleeding again.
The words were like pinpricks of sunlight piercing the cloud, colouring everything in a different light. Tony knew, of course. "I love you," Steve repeated again, fiercely.
"Are you really gonna read me a bedtime story?" Tony asked, with his scratchy voice.
Steve's face lit up. "I'd like that," he said, sincere. Tony's stomach jerked.
On the other side of this inadvertent prison, Tony was still peering into his face, studying him as if to determine if he'd be alright on his own again. The moonlight coming from the far-away opening was just enough for Steve to see the paleness of Tony's face. Tony was spending too much time worrying; he needed to act. Steve had to put aside his own fears and help Tony.
At first, Steve had lain on the bed, on his side of the room, hands on his stomach, fingers intertwined, and staring motionlessly at the ceiling for a good while. Not asleep, but seemingly lost in thought. Preoccupied. Tony, too, had been distracted from his observations of Steve by the tech he was working on. The inducer would let them get to places they had to go.
"I dropped them, Tony," Steve snagged his elbow. He was trying to catch Tony's eyes, but Tony could only look at the bruising all around the wound on Steve's shoulder, mind racing with potential complications. Blood clots, infections and nerve damage. "I've only got the one vial left." Steve tried to free one arm to go for the lone vial with Pym particles on his belt, but Tony hardly needed the suit to restrain him from moving too much. Steve struggled against him. "Tony! "
—?" Tony put a hand to his heart and pretended the hairs on the back of his neck weren't standing up. "You know how I feel about dogs."
, he thought with helpless frustration. Tony rubbed his bare arms. The nighttime brought with it a typical April chill and he was shivering.
Crow's feet showed in the corners of Tony's eyes, crinkling as he smiled. "I love you more."
Tony put his hands on both sides of Steve's face, looking at him as if he could peer inside. Steve stared back with his blue blue eyes, and Tony lost every trail of thought, his mind becoming quiet and still. For a moment, all he wanted was to press his mouth to Steve's, to kiss him and whisper promises against his lips. Steve's eyes roamed over Tony's face, and his mouth fell open just slightly, so invitingly, seemingly poised on the verge of saying something, perhaps telling Tony to go ahead.
to have a plan, Steve seemed awfully willing to go in unprepared.
himself get shot to protect someone.
"Go," Steve said, even though the thought of being alone in the dark once again was a gnawing chasm. Steve met Tony's glittering, worried eyes with as much calm certainty as he could imbue in his expression. Looking torn, Tony swallowed and nodded agreement; he moved to leave, turning away.
Tony's smile turned sardonic. He shrugged for no reason; it wasn't as if he was going to apologize for being incredible. People mostly had one of two reactions to finding out he was who he was, and in the long run this was by far the kinder. He glanced to where Fifi was wagging her tail at him and rolled his eyes.
But her eyes were turned towards her doll, having temporarily lost interest in the adults.
Tony said nothing. He felt if he opened his mouth a torrent of words would pour out and there might be yelling. His eyes flicked to the small dark specs that soaked through Steve's clothing, above the wound, then he forced himself to focus on the way forward. He carefully led Steve inside the room, and locked the door shut behind them. "Let me see," he motioned to the injury with his chin, one arm around Steve's waist pushing him closer to the bed.
gone."
"I'm gonna be fine very soon."
And as he came awake, still his heart felt leaden while he slowly blinked his eyes open, staring at the ceiling. His comforter really was quite heavy.
"You were always Iron Man," Steve said. "Before you built the suit, you were Iron Man here." He reached out and touched his fingertips lightly to Tony's breast, over the heart.
Tony sputtered. "
Standing among Zola's things, the research he would use to further Hydra's interests, Tony had a sudden wish to set fire to it all. But as they had seen with seemingly unconnected acts — Hulk taking the stairs in 2012 — the butterfly effect of everything that could result from their actions in this timeline was unpredictable. They had to stay focused.
Then the temptation was suddenly over in lurch of movement, as Tony pulled back away in one swift move, and sat up.
with me—." Steve's voice broke, he breathed in shakily. His hand clutched Tony's fingers. "I'm not a saint."
"Cap...?"
"Natasha would have been great at this. This infiltration stuff," Tony clarified at Steve's quick questioning look. He clenched the wheel harder. "Hell, she probably wouldn't have dropped the ball in 2012. Maybe she and Clint should have gone there and you and me to Vormir, huh?" Despite the ease of his words, Tony found himself shivering. Between the nuke and the voyage to Titan, he was two out of two for terrible trips to outer space and not eager to repeat the experience. Natasha had read that about him in about two seconds flat and volunteered.
— fingers stroking his skin. Steve gasped and flinched at the contact, making Tony frown.
"Shoulder. And it's better now," Steve said, almost smugly. Tony's blood pressure climbed and his eyes must have communicated his feelings because Steve sobered. "It's nothing. I was fine 'till the walk back. Anyway, we needed the money; it wasn't fair. You can't have to look after everything."
Outside the small hotel, he turned the Manhattan street corner to a shadowed alleyway to find Steve, in his full Captain America regalia, entertaining three young kids with dirty faces. Ten-year-olds from the looks of the lot, and wide-eyed with admiration only Cap could inspire. He was letting them touch his shield. Even in profile, lit up by the bright midday sunshine, Tony could tell the warm regard in his eyes made the kids straighten their shoulders and stand a little taller. They gave Tony distrustful looks and scattered like peas when he approached. Steve gave a quick salute their way, to flashes of childish grins, and turned to Tony. "You got a room?"
It felt good.
"Okay." Steve nodded. He shuddered, then straightened his spine, visibly steeling himself. "We'll talk then. I can wait."
But Tony pressed his fingers to Steve's lips, shushing him. "Don't," he whispered, repeating his refrain from before. He couldn't hear those words fall from Steve's mouth now. It would utterly undo him.
want compared to that? I don't know that I can be what you need. Most of the time I tell myself we'll be okay and hope like hell, but like this,"— he took a shaky breath — "I can't push it down. Damnit, Steve. You should have left me alone until it wears off."
," Steve stressed, when Tony turned to him, ready to speak, "I know you, and if you say it'll work, it'll work."
figure that out, yeah," Tony shrugged. "I mean, it's not like I'd be inventing time travel. This one we know works. It might take me a few months. Weeks." He corrected himself, and glanced at Steve with an eyebrow raised. "But."
"I'm okay," Tony croaked. He wasn't completely sure at the moment, but, yeah, maybe. Someone called for a doctor. FRIDAY had administered some sort of a painkiller, unprompted, responding to the readings she was receiving from the suit, but he didn't feel like he was about to keel over right there and then.
Down on the lower levels, it was more touch and go, since aside from Tony's brief visit, they didn't know the layout of the labs very well but didn't want to look like they had no idea where they were headed. He could easily get into any locked area, but identifying the needed subsection was key. Thankfully, Howard Stark was nowhere near New Jersey at the time, staying home with his very pregnant wife. Tony tried not to think too hard about
Steve watched him for a moment, then pressed his fingers behind his ear, turning off the image that covered his head. Instantly, familiar blue eyes were looking at Tony and relief crashed over him. Tony turned off his own disguise. Steve smiled back.
With his armor, it didn't take long to make sure the split in the hose was sealed up, and then it was just a matter of pouring about a gallon of water into the coolant tank. By then the dusk turned to true darkness, and the shadows of the trees around them were black shapes against the midnight blue that matched the dark shade of Steve's coat. Tony started the car and listened to the reassuring rumble of the working engine. His patch was holding up well.
"A crane?" Steve murmured to himself, trying to connect the dots as to how a crane helped them. He was stuck a few dozen feet inside a tunnel. He knew if he could just focus, he'd understand Tony, who seemed to be leaps and bounds ahead of him.
Steve pressed his lips together, then said in his quiet voice that meant he heard you and emphasized. "We have to go now. Something this high profile — Peggy must be in charge of the investigation. She'll be looking for us. We have to jump back."
"Tony!"
Tony and Steve exchanged wide-eyed looks, reading each other's apprehension. "We gotta move," Steve said, and pushed Tony in the direction of the next truck. Tony ran ahead, crouching behind the second, bigger vehicle. Steve was a moment behind him. Tony's attention was split between the threat of many people with loaded guns and looking for a way out that didn't need Iron Man. Their new hiding place was close to the heavy wood and metal fence, that could get them out of sight long enough for some sort of plan to fall together. Of course, Tony had no hope of climbing the fence without his armor. He looked back the way they came. The path through the front gate was cut off. Even if they made it to their stolen car, they'd never drive through the check-point in one piece. And even if they
. Hoping Steve would do ask he asked.
They stayed in their lanes, in any case.
well!
Steve processed this with a minute blink at the opposing wall. Their lives were
, Tony thought, gripping the steering wheel and staring ahead at the road. The silence weighted on him.
A laugh snagged on Steve's breath from that reaction, from catching the amusement in Tony's voice, his characterization of the emergency CPR technique as a kiss of life. His gasp of a laugh sparked off an answering chortle from Tony. For a few moments they both lay on the ground, chuckling at nothing, as adrenaline worked itself out of their systems. They were both soaked, but neither one cared. They were alive! Eventually, their breaths grew steady. Then, as the silence grew heavier, Tony suddenly said, "Why, did you
And then, like he didn't know when to hold back a finishing blow, Steve said: "I should have told you before, how much I admire and cherish you."
"We won."
"Yes! You have no idea how hard it is not to tell you things," Tony blurted out again and looked frustrated. He jerked his hand away from Steve. "Sorry," he mumbled, starting to turn away. "It's unfair."
Tony asked it so casually, pointedly. Steve could have turned it into a joke. He didn't.
...what if he'd been smarter, better? What if there was a way to fix everything? With the planet, with the team, with him and Steve. He worked on Steve's shield to keep himself sane in between all the endless baby walks, naps, feedings, washings. It gave him a sense of purpose beyond being a Dad to prototype different styles of shields, measure their function, simulate how well they worked at knocking down bad guys. In the end he always came back to the original that seemed to fit Steve's fighting style best. Finally, when the shield lay completed in the garage, he would look at it sometimes and feel that same wistful ache, pulling at him like quicksand. He had tried to turn his thoughts away from looking for a solution, but couldn't stop himself.
Steve started talking, with some difficulty. His tongue felt heavy, and he had to blink to clear his vision, struggling to remain sitting upright. He told Tony about the Snap.
"Yeah, yeah." Tony handed him the bag. Steve was in the bathroom, changing, in a flash. The second-hand store Tony had found in the neighbourhood had carried a midnight blue nylon work jacket, a white crew neck shirt and grey pants in Steve's size, and though Tony had been tempted to bring him back some ridiculous bright knitwear, their shared goal was too serious to mess around with, and he couldn't spare their limited funds on a joke. So Tony got him something less hipster, more Steve McQueen. Waiting for him to change, Tony thought back to the clerk downstairs. "We gotta leave," he called through the closed bathroom door, staring at his untouched bed with some measure of longing.
"I have two artists under this roof," he announced when Steve half-turned from where he'd been leaning with his arms on the wood railing, studying the world outside as if it held answers. He was wearing a sky blue shirt that set off his eyes. Steve smiled at seeing him and Tony's heart flipped in his chest, and his body thought Steve looked very fine indeed. He kept talking to cover up the shift in the mood while coming closer to the man. "Help, I'm being assimilated. I feel the urge to lock myself in my garage and go on an engineering spree."
"I told you not to bring her around!
"But you're not, Tony." Pepper looked at him with wide guiles-eyes. "She likes you."
"Is everything a competition with you, still?" Steve wondered, relaxing into the possibility that this moment could exist between them.
"Is that your dog?" Steve said, apropos nothing at all.
"I had Cap pajamas when I was four. Probably shouldn't have told you that." Tony's gut was fluttering as if he was mid-flight. The sense of companionship he and Steve had found again had him feeling like he was in an elaborate fantastical dream. They couldn't
Tony leaned on the railing next to Steve. "You're pretty quiet," he said softly. "You okay?"
might as well have been written on his face. His fingers disengaged from Tony's elbow as if burned.
Hammer?” Pepper asked, looking up from her color coordinated post-it notes.
“Very funny, Steven,” Tony replied, repressing a reaction to giggle inanely.
“Well, you’re not wrong,” Tony says. “Although I don’t understand how they don’t see it’s your chest on display just because it doesn’t have a shiny white star on it.  Of course, I guess they haven’t come all over that chest before.” He says it without thinking.  No, that’s not true. He knows it will hurt them both.  He says it anyway.
Damnit.  That asshole.
Steve?
Tony stiffened for a second, then relaxed, arms winding briefly around Steve’s torso.  “Go,” he said again. It was just unfair that he had to keep telling the man to leave, when all he really wanted to do was keep him. But, Steve wasn’t his to keep.  Wasn’t anyone’s.
“I brought you lunch, Mr. Stark,” Steve told him, unnecessarily.  He didn’t know where to put it, and stood awkwardly, shifting his weight, unsure of his welcome.  He hadn’t been wrong, but then he hadn’t been kind either.
Tony’d said that? Or was Pepper just… exaggerating? Steve put that thought aside.
. “Come home with me?”
Tony turned and shuffled into the room ahead of her, nerves jangling. Did he think Pieter was cute? He was.  A little scruffy, thin runners build—part of the cross country team, like Steve and Sam.  A vague hint of an accent somewhere, adding a layer of mystery.
He put his toiletries in the bathroom, then changed into a pair of sweatpants and an old t-shirt.  He followed Jarvis’s directions down to the gym, starting on a heavy bag after stretches.
For two weeks, Steve lurked.  That was the term.  He signed up, read other people’s grief, their guilt.  And he felt it all.  All these men and women, people he could have saved if he hadn’t gone under. And what was the point of having put down the plane, of having missed out on everything if the world hadn’t really changed at all?
“He thinks you left.”
Nat looked closely at him.  Then she shrugged.
. Graduating from MIT. Early. With multiple degrees.
“Nope, no apologies.  No thanks.  I was just making my rounds, realized I hadn’t done the proper host thing of putting champagne and fruit baskets in the rooms of all my guests, figured I’d make up for it with, well, water and ritz.  But, you know, ritz! They’re ritzy! Only the best for oh holy god, Rhodey’s wearing off on me. This is the end, I’ll have you know.  The end.” Tony strolled casually over to Steve’s bed and handed him the water and looked at him expectantly.  Steve drained the entire glass. “Now, I normally would say no crumbs in the bed, but it’s a special occasion.  You’ve been working for me for three weeks—twenty-one whole days!.  That’s the longest I’ve ever had a PA, besides Pepper. We should celebrate! This is only the beginning.  Tomorrow, after the thing, we’ll go do something fun.”
Cookies? Tony did a double-take internally. Not that he was going to flutter every time someone said cookies, surely there were tons of guys who learned how to bake cookies, right? From their moms? With their possibly awkward parent situation?  What did he know about the Maximoff parents, anyway? When was the last time he’d seen them? He remembered a guy walking out of the house, old enough to be a dad, surely. He hadn’t really gotten the dad vibe from the guy, though. Uncle maybe. And they were new to the area.  Tony was pretty sure that they were recent immigrants, roots somewhere in Eastern Europe. Did that account for the guilt that Flying felt about coming out and causing trouble? Because his parents had already given up their homeland to ensure a better future for Pieter?  And sure, he could have spent time in the hospital in middle school—and Tony would have no way to know. And how ironic would it be to have the guy he was crushing on—at least—living next door?
Back to the plan.  Well, the modified plan. Find the loose thread in SI. Bring it to Tony. Thank him for protecting Bucky. Muster up the courage to lay out his heart, no expectations other than that he might have been right in the first place, and hope for the best.  It wasn’t much of a plan, but it was something. Somewhere to start.
“I can hear you, you know.  The left knee joint is making a squeak when you rotate laterally.”
He swallowed, guilt and disappointment burning in his chest.
“Tony, is that a little less shiny than it was last time I saw it?” Steve asked, his eyebrows coming together in a furrow. “Is it that salve I gave you?”
Steve still knelt next to him, holding his hands, barely breathing.  He was alive. Tony was alive, color coming back to his skin, the new reactor glowing steadily. Steve had to tell him, to show him.  He’d almost missed his chance.  “Tony.” His voice caught. “I.” He swallowed.  Carefully, he brought Tony’s hand to his mouth, very gently kissed the tips of his fingers, making his lips as soft as he could.
Steve winced.  He thought he’d thought it through. He thought he’d considered the outcomes, that Tony would forget everything, that he would have to hide his feelings again. How had he not seen this outcome, the one where he lost Tony anyway? Where Steve broke the friendship? He should have just said it.  If Tony was going to figure it out—and he should have known, Tony was the smartest person he knew—why hadn’t he just said how he felt, been honest, they’d end up in the same place anyway, with Tony leaving and Steve on his own, completely alone.  He’d thought there’d been nothing left to lose.  How short sighted he’d been. He prepared himself now, straightening his shoulders.
When Steve got back to the tower, he’d put the idea mostly out of his mind.  It wasn’t a big deal.  He’d get over it.  Then he saw Tony, finishing the last of the coffee pot in the kitchen, fiddling with a stylus and a Starkpad, and he had never felt so desperately, achingly alone.  For the first time, he felt completely hollow, he had nothing left to give. He filed paperwork for a leave of absence immediately. He gave himself a month.  He’d take his cell phone. If they really needed him, they could call. He sent out an email to the team.
“Tones, seriously, you haven’t noticed?  She got here like, two days ago.  The English girl?  She is so goddamn hot. I mean, she can totally kick my ass, I’m sure of it, but like, yeah, I could be into that.”
Steve just blinked, complete sweetness.
Tony looked over at him again out of the corner of his eye.  He was cute.  But more than that, if this was Flying, he knew him.  He knew the person inside.  And that was what mattered, even if he hadn’t been cute.  A bubble of excitement gurgled up in his stomach and he suppressed another inane desire to giggle like a kid.  He’d found him.  He’d found him, they could meet in person, he could maybe kiss him, maybe just be known and know each other.
“Or what? You’ll tell people? It’ll be a rumor! Nobody even cares about rumors. Everyone knows how much shit gets made up and you have always been trying to start shit with me, you little fucking weasel.”
Steve’s hands tightened, reflexively, around Tony’s.  “I.” He cleared his throat, his own cheeks burning.  “I was in jail.  I didn’t. I didn’t even know, until I got out.  And then I saw it was you, and I thought… I’ve known you for years. You’re so beautiful, and so smart… your dad’s name is on the science wing. You don’t even need to be in high school anymore—god, Tony, half your classes aren’t even through Shield High anymore. And I’m just a dumb jock who’s lucky enough to be your friend.”
“I bet she’s putting bows in his fur,” Tony said grumpily.
He took a shower, unsure if it would be weird if he didn’t close the bathroom door.  It was in his own suite, off his bedroom, so he didn’t usually.  Or maybe it would be weird, then, if he did? After all, kittens weren’t people.  It was just sitting on his bed, playing with one of Natasha’s hairties.  There was no reason to feel self-conscious.  Steve finally sighed, knowing he was overthinking the issue, and closed the bathroom door.
Tony kept pulling Steve forward until he could kiss him, ignoring the way his legs bent up past where he was comfortable.  Then he pushed him back a little, commanding, “Move.”
Pepper uncapped a pen.  “Great, glad you made it, Tony.  Peggy, you don’t have to play if you don’t want to, but you’re absolutely welcome to join us. I know you’re hanging out with these two a lot, anyway,” she nodded her head toward Steve and Sam.
He made some coffee in the little plastic machine, adding a splash of milk and sugar.  He opened the computer that Coulson had given him to help him get acquainted with the world, but remotely.  Safely.  Where he couldn’t do any damage.  Just sitting, in his kitchen, trying to get settled in a world that had moved on.
The study group broke down from there, but Tony couldn’t stop smiling the entire time.  They packed it in early, since Steve and Sam had regionals the next day.
Fuck.  It wasn’t Steve, after all.  Jesus.
“Well done, Rogers.  You saved us a bunch of money. What do you think, J, about $50,000 in delays, another $300k in market share once HammerTech has to work through the ethics committee?”
Speaking of trouble. His phone buzzed with a reminder from Pepper.  The Coulson charity gala (“The Scientific World is a Magical Place” was their motto—really) was tomorrow night.  Again. Was it that time of year already? Pepper was supposed to be there as his PA.  Well, looks like everyone’s favorite linebacker-impressionist would need to be there.  In a tux. No night like tomorrow night to be a penguin. He broke the bad news to Steve even as he phoned the tailor, giving Happy directions to take them to the nearest mini golf park. They deserved a break after the press conference.
“It’s only a day, Steven,” she cautioned him. “I can’t change someone’s nature. When the sun rises on you, my powers will end.”
“Yeah, that’s the one.  So, imagine, just for a second, if he got put in charge of an integrated unit.  A few women under his command—the beginnings of combat for women, trying to win their way into true combat positions with combat pay. Trying to prove themselves. Had to… get his approval… to get through.” She made a face, meaning clear.
So, thanks.
In all honesty, he had no idea how to handle the mess.  He wasn’t sure what to do.  There really wasn’t anywhere to turn. He chewed the inside of his cheek and slipped the phone away. Pepper glided up next to him, white suit glowing in the soft lighting.
Steve snapped his mouth shut. He felt like he should say that he knew that, but… the Tony Stark he knew from the press, from the weapons he’d had pointed at him, from his experience with Howard…
“Maybe you should look for some new company then,” Natasha purred. “Wouldn’t want you to get bored.”
Tony shook his head to clear it and downed the coffee.
Steve would not accommodate this bastard’s plans. Stane was outplayed this time.
Speaking of which, Tony needed to pack up his belongings, ship them back to Barnes’s apartment.  Not like there was a lot to pack.  But Steve had run out of here without anything—just a phone.
Tony looked up at him, that quiet look on his face. It was so different than his usual urgency, but it looked… it looked right on him. Comfortable.
“:-) I won't tell if you won't."
“Will that be all, Miss Potts?”
“Where are you?”
The smell of pizza caught him on his way up the stairs. Jarvis was the best.  How did he know to order pizza every time Tony got hungry?  Besides the fact that he’d been invented by a genius, obviously.
“Happy three weeks, Rogers,” Tony said casually, hating how much he liked the sound of counting anniversaries.  Steve was his PA.  He worked for him.  They weren’t dating.  He was working off Barnes’s debt, technically speaking, and Tony didn’t have all that many weeks left anyway.
They were home.
😎 - Tony
Here is Bruce as requested by
Then the fingers left.  Clint moaned softly in protest, but Tony just opened his shoes and pulled them off, followed by his socks.  Instead of tossing the socks aside, Tony tied them to his pants between his ankles, creating a pair of cuffs.  Tony glanced up at him with a smirk before running his nose and tongue up one leg.  Those sparks were back.
“Anthony!  It is good to see you!”  Thor’s voice jerked Steve out of his thoughts.  Tony and Bruce had just entered. Steve'e eyes took in the genius greedily.  He looked okay, a bit pale perhaps. Tony met his gaze a moment before Thor bound over and swept him up in a hug.  Bruce was smiling next to them. He met Steve’s eyes briefly, before Steve had to turn away.
“Okay.  He was a bit hungover when he woke up, but it passed quickly.”
Obidiah’s answer had been exactly what he’d wanted at the time, but it probably was the noose around his neck too.  Obie had taken care of everything for four years and Tony was still cleaning up the mess 4 years after his death.
“What?  Why?” Steve couldn’t understand.  They would be perfect together.
“Yeah, I know right?”  Bruce gave a breathy chuckle.  “Tony is just different. Its just him.  You know that better than anyone, I think.”
There will be more Thor cuddles, I promise.  I wanted to get this bit of detail and history in this chapter though.
Being with Tony had given the first true release he had had since Phil had died.  He was safe with Tony.
“What did he say when you told him?” Because Steve was feeling like torturing himself by learning how perfect they were together.  But Bruce just chuckled.
What more could Tony do to show he trusted Natasha, then to put his very heart in her hands.
“No, I understand.  I-I’m glad someone is looking out for him.”  Steve looked over as Bruce shook his head.
*Warning Rant Ahead*
Clint wasn’t sure what he said when Tony covered his mouth.  He wasn’t sure he said anything in English or even intelligent.  All he knew was that Tony caught his shoulders when his wrists were released, just like he knew Tony would.  Just like Iron Man always caught him when he fell.
Tony is still keeping secrets from his team.  Apparently he isn't the only one.  Maybe a dose of Tony will reveal the secret Steve is keeping
Tony nodded.  He took a deep breath, he could do this.  There was no real change here. Now he just had some answers.  Putting that aside, he had other questions, “So what did your mother say about my nature in general?”
What do you guys think of my interpretation of Tony's feeding/incubus trope?
“Are you okay, Steve?”
Rewarding good behavior is the most effective means
(See the end of the chapter for
Now he waited to see what he heard this time.  This time he could fight back if it wasn’t what he wanted to hear.  Steve’s hand clenched on his shoulder briefly, but Thor shook his head.
😭 - Clint
“Tony!”  He tried jerk towards the genius, but he couldn’t get a rhythm going since everytime he was forward Tony would grip him momentarily.  One time he didn’t jerk, but the swing lessened and Tony barely touched him on the forward motion, smirking.
“Look, I can feel your terror from here, so let’s forget about it and go back to the arrow case.”  Clint jerked up to look at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shit, sorry.  Give it a moment to wear off before you answer.”  He watched as Tony backed away.  “I only meant to help with the shame.”
With Tony he felt safe enough.
“Also, JARVIS?  Those two at the fundraiser, find some blackmail material on them.”  They were not attacking an Avenger and getting away scott free.
Please please please comment!  I havnt touched this story in quite a while
Clint huffed as he passed Tony’s room for the fourth time.  He should just call the whole damn thing off.  But his teammate, his friend needed help and he could help, or he could at least try.
Clint swayed.  “Oh god yes, Tony.” He felt Tony flinch slightly.  The touch disappeared and Clint felt a whine building inside him.  It cleared when Tony swore.
“I hope you don’t expect me to kiss such a dirty mouth.”
“He will be aware again momentarily, my friends.  Do not fret. The Man of Iron is a strong one.” Tony blinked at Thor’s assurance.  Bruce was taking his vitals via his arm as Steve hovered next to him.
Some of you may remember, I've been using this fic to explore different aspects of my own sexual orientation.  This chapter focused heavily on the non-sexual part of my own desires.  It is NOT meant to represent all Aces, just a piece of me.  I like Ace-Nat, I think that's my head-cannon for her
It was different than Steve.  Steve was like a dozen shots of expresso, where Thor was more like a splash of cold water.  Tony felt himself melt into the strong arms as he came off the power high. Distantly, he heard Bruce and Steve clamor to know what just happened, but it took him a minute to bring himself to care and another minute to bring his ears back online.
Steve could understand that. Tony seemed to fill whatever spot was there for him.  He did it with his energy, his enthusiasm, his curiosity, his genuine care. Steve knew Tony was the worst communicator in the world.  No one communicated as badly as the genius. But take away that and you were left with a giving man in pain. One who Steve had fallen for hard.
“I figured I’d ask once I worked out the mechanics.”  Clint nodded.  He watched as Tony continued to fiddle, letting the familiar activity of the workshop flow over him a moment.
Thor has so much skin!
Steve and Bruce both stood quickly when Tony wobbled and groaned.  Thor caught him before either man could, but they were still next to him in an instant.  Thor immediately cradled the smaller man in his arms.
“So what happens to me?”  Tony had only asked that one other time in his life.  When his parent died, leaving him a company and a fortune at age 17, he’d asked Obie and Rhodey each that question.
“Yes,”  Thor nodded, “It is the sharing of pleasure beyond separate experience.”
“Ah, you need a break, little hatching?”  Tony’s teasing voice had him freeze.  Tony seemed to settle in front of him and everytime he swung forward those delicious fingers would caress him.  Sparks flew across his chest, thighs, stomach, even his back.
Thor chuckled as he set his hammer on the counter and claimed a stool for himself.  “And how fairs Anthony? When we last spoke, Lady Pepper had just revealed his particular biology.”  Thor picked up an apple as he asked.
.  I hope you like it!
“Wait so you can actually sense my arousal, and reactions to it?”  Clint raised an eyebrow, intrigued.  That actually had potential.  Tony nodded, still looking determinedly at the screen.
Bruce watched as Tony asked Thor more about his bedroom on Asgard.  “I’m not attracted to men.”
The sweet tension caused his hips to attempt to thrust, to search for friction, but that caused him to swing away from Tony.  Tony moved to the forward extreme of his swing.  Clint frantically tried to grip the floor.  He found that he barely could in the exact apogee of the swing.  He also found that there was a small flat ledge connected to his swing for his feet.
When Tony looked back up, he felt shame start to rise, but Tony stepped forward and placed a hand on his cheek.  Clint was startled to feel the shame lessen and then disappear.
“Thor!  You’re back!”  Clint’s excited voice grabbed everyone’s attention and Tony stood, letting Thor grab the bouncing archer in a hug.  Bruce shook his head and wandered over to the kitchen are to make a meal for everyone. Tony chuckled as Natasha joined the three men in the kitchen.  Taking a moment while they were distracted, he grabbed Steve’s attention.
Steve shrugged.  He was still trying to wrap his mind around the revelation from last night.  He hadn’t counted on falling in love with Tony. Especially with the incubus unlikely to return the feeling to an extreme.  Tony didn’t do monogamy, he couldn’t. Steve knew that. He still loved him. Tony had snuck up on him and now, he was stuck.
Thor smiled.  “You are a wondrous elf!  Slightly telepathic with your specialty, you are a brave species.  Pleasure elves can use energy given from one to another over a bond greater than passing comrades.  Due to the secrecy of the elves, mother knew very little about your actual abilities.”
He put the sketch of Obie in the book, closed it, and laid it on top of the clothes in Steve’s bag.  That was it.  He’d have someone take it to the apartment tonight.
“You didn’t call, is everything okay?” he asked, opening the door, pulse picking up.
Okay, he could work with this.  He wrote down a number of words phonetically, saving them for Google, all the while keeping an eye on Bucky.  The poor bastard was still completely dead to the world.  It was good for him, though.  Steve’d tried to wake him up, tell him the news, but Bucky had been solidly asleep.  For now, Steve took his list of words over to the kitchen to make a snack for himself. He brewed another pot of coffee, trying not to think fondly that Tony would happily mock the little Mr. Coffee sturdily doing its job—trying to do its job.  It really just heated water and turned it brown. But Steve hadn’t had a lot of sleep over the last few days; he’d take what he could get.  He sliced up some cheese and laid it across a piece of what Steve thought was probably bread.  Probably.  Natasha had decided to try baking—as a form of therapy, she said.
A display of the office appeared on the wall, and he could hear the conversation heard off screen in greater clarity.  Didn’t prove anything, but… He pulled up Google and started running searches. And since when did Tony Stark care about water in developing nations? Algeria? Tunisia? Chad? These countries weren’t even on most Americans’ list of known nations.  What was this all about?
She just breezed past him. “I got it.”  She came back, carrying three cans of tangerine soda, handing them off to Bruce and Tony.  Sam followed with a plate of cookies, and Steve was just behind him with a stack of napkins.
“Tony. I’m not a genius but I can recognize your work when I see it.  I got a close up in Germany, remember? And I do use one, now.” He has to.  Sam isn’t as good at catching him.  He doesn’t say it, but Tony can hear it anyway.
“You remember this little guy, right? One of Howard’s last. It’s a shame the government didn’t approve. There’s so many applications regarding short term paralysis.” Obie chuckled, removing plugs from his ears as he moved into Tony’s field of vision.  “You know what I was wondering just a minute ago?” He held out Steve’s sketchbook in the same hand as the paralysis device.  “How did your little rent boy figure me out?”
Second Thanksgiving at my house, 8pm.  Just bring yourselves! Oh, and someone tell the Maximoff twins, would you?
Tony had known what he was doing, but still.  “Hey, it was no big thing.  We’re still on for minigolf, right?”
“It ain’t a competition, man,” Sam reminded him.
When they got to the car, Barton (
“Maybe he’s…” Rhodey tried, but didn’t know how to finish it.
After a few seconds, Steve hesitantly wrapped his arms around Tony. His embrace was warm but gentle, and it took a lot out of him not to just melt against him. He smelled like ash and sweat and leather, but it was strangely comforting.
Or at least, he tried not to. It became harder and harder to ignore the feelings now that he knew what they were. Every time Steve would smile or laugh or frown in concentration the emotions would surge again and he found himself struggling to ignore them. He wasn’t ready to feel about somebody the way he felt about Steve. Love, or at least whatever romantic feeling came before love, was something he didn’t have much experience with. And truth be told, it scared him.
“Perfect. Rendezvous in twenty minutes. The usual location.” Steve grinned, then reached up to his ear and turned off his comm. Tony was slightly confused by the action, but started to catch on to why he might have done it when Steve closed the distance between them. “Helmet off. Now,” he demanded in that voice he usually reserved for giving orders in the field. The voice that made Tony want to drop to his knees.
Tony threw everything he had including himself at the matter, making decisions quickly and based entirely on whatever would help the most people sometimes at the cost of his own safety. While Steve shared his willingness to be stupidly self-sacrificing and his talent for accurate snap judgements, he seemed to carefully evaluate the costs and benefits of each move in an instant and had a talent for giving orders that utilized each team member’s unique talents while keeping them all safe. As much as Tony hated following orders and frequently disregarded them when he saw a solution he thought would be better, he had to admit the man had a knack for that sort of thing.
But peace never lasted, and after that month, they found themselves in another battle. Steve and Tony had been separated from the rest of the team, standing back to back as a hoard of robots surrounded them. Steve was hurling his shield and throwing punches while Tony aimed blast after blast. It took about an hour before they’d cleared the bots in the area and Natasha tracked down the villain’s hideout, taking him out and sending the remaining robots crashing to the ground. Steve turned to Tony, chest heaving as he caught his breath.
“Yes, we did,” Steve confirmed in his ear. “He’s restrained right now and SHIELD is taking him away.”
“Are you sure you’re okay?”
A month passed without incident. Steve and Tony went on dates Tuesdays and Fridays, and each time he kissed Tony goodnight, leaving him to wonder what would happen if he pushed him just a little further. It was starting to drive him crazy, but if those were the boundaries Steve had, he would respect them. So he didn’t try to deepen the kisses or go any further. He just kissed him back, happy he was getting what he was getting.
Steve looked up from Tony’s cock, meeting his eyes with an intense gaze that made heat curl in the pit of Tony’s stomach. “I want to fuck you.”
“Porn. Very helpful.”
It would’ve been interesting to graph whatever was happening inside his head as he lay there. Because as the adrenaline that had been keeping him going during the battle faded, the panic of being trapped in his own suit began to grow. He knew that someone would find him before long. He couldn’t stay trapped forever. But over the course of the half hour he was trapped there, the panic of his something primal in his mind was becoming more and more overwhelming. He was trapped. Stuck. The suit felt like it was closing in on him. The thing built to keep him safe, the thing that he trusted with his life, was now a prison. His breath was coming in heavy pants, and he had to fight to control it so he wasn’t hyperventilating. He had to get out of there, he had to-
He reached down and slid his hand into the pants of the flight suit, gripping Tony with a leather-clad hand. Tony’s knees nearly buckled at the touch, and he grabbed onto Steve’s arms out of instinct.
“What? Fuck, yes, it was amazing.” Tony looked at him in surprise.
Steve began to move his hand, going at a torturously slow pace. He’d occasionally swipe his thumb over the head of Tony’s now leaking dick, collecting the precum on his glove. After about a minute Tony noticed that Steve hadn’t even gone fully soft before he started getting hard again.
“Depends. Which part do you want off?” Tony asked, his voice hoarse.
Tony laughed, walking over and quickly kissing Steve’s lips. “Come on, let’s go meet up with the rest of the team. We’re late.”
“Tony…” he said in a low voice.
He took more of Steve into his mouth, not for the first time finding himself extremely happy about his lack of a gag reflex. But even without that factor, he still couldn’t get all of him in his mouth at once. He still had about an inch left when the tip of Steve’s dick hit the back of his throat. But judging by the way Steve’s gloved hands gripped his hair and the strangled noises he was making, he didn’t seem to mind.
Tony was the first one to pull away, mostly because his lungs were burning. Thanks to the shrapnel and the arc reactor, he had a reduced lung capacity, starkly contrasting Steve’s ability to hold his breath for a frankly alarming period of time. He flashed Steve a soft grin.
to him, because it just wasn’t fair for him to just… have that.
Steve nodded, picking up his shield from where he’d propped it up against the edge of the rubble. “I’ll see you at the debriefing.”
people. He just wasn’t that type of person.
The feeling seeing that concern gave him combined with the usual affection and annoyance, then was supplemented by a surge of relief. He was alive. He was okay. The bomb didn’t seriously hurt him, and the team had handled the situation. Everyone was presumably safe, and the relief washing through him brought a tired smile to his face.
After that, Steve would regularly come down to the workshop and sit on the couch with his sketchbook, drawing things Tony never asked to see and Steve never offered to show him. But given how often he glanced up at him while he was working, he had an idea.
“You could’ve asked me to dinner first,” Steve chuckled.
He kept his grip light, knowing that he could easily hurt him in the suit. After a moment of just slowly massaging him, he dropped to his knees, letting the armor cushion his fall. Steve looked down at him with eyes that were a much darker shade of blue than usual.
Well, Tony certainly wasn’t about to argue with that. He did pause, though. “Lube?”
Steve’s fingers curled in, and he spent a moment fumbling and searching until he managed to find the one spot that made Tony gasp out Steve’s name and his cock jump. He spent a moment just lightly pressing back and forth on that spot before pushing in a third finger. He alternated between spreading them and pressing them against that spot until Tony gasped out a warning.
end up taking him out to dinner. They went to a little fifties-style diner that Tony loved. It was a little after Steve’s time and a while before Tony’s, but the burgers were huge and greasy, the fries were thick cut, and the milkshakes were amazing. While they were on the date, he realized he’d never seen Steve that relaxed or heard him laugh as often. Steve was always so uptight, and it was nice to see him relax a little. He even got him to blush a couple times with his flirting.
He obeyed, the helmet coming off with a hiss. Steve stepped forwards and reached to Tony, placing a gloved hand on his jaw. Then he flicked off the comm unit and leaned in, pressing a heated kiss to Tony’s lips.
During team activities like pizza nights or movie binges, Steve ended up with a regular spot right beside Tony. They’d steal food from each other and once Steve fell asleep on Tony’s shoulder during a movie. The entire time that love he felt for him grew into something more intense. It ended up getting to a point where he’d smile and Tony’s chest would ache painfully.
Then Fury slumped a bit, moved to rest against the edge of his desk.  Tony felt a surge of pride, bursting out of his seams.  His man went toe to toe with the vulture and won.  He’d keep an eye on the programs, remotely, but Steve had won this round.  He was ridiculously hot. His principles, his will, his willingness to lay it all on the line.  And, Tony thought, watching Steve walk out of the room, the rest of him was pretty hot, too.
Steve looked up, the same radiant look in his eyes, this time mirroring the morning sun that gilded his skin and swept down his lashes.  He was so beautiful, it made Tony’s heart ache. Not with want or desire, just his sheer loveliness.
“Of course, Sir.” At once, a display of Batroc’s office, sans Batroc, appeared.  Steve was looking at the screen, and missed the way Tony started at the idea of Jarvis calling anyone but him “sir.”
Tony screwed around a little with a little gadget he’d been working on, propulsion-based.  Not a lot progress, but he wasn’t really trying, heart not really in it.  There wasn’t any food in the fridge anymore.  But Tony couldn’t bring himself to go out.  Or even order anything in.  Eventually he just trudged back to his bed.  Not much of a safe haven.  He curled up again, Netflix back on.  In some part, he just wished he wouldn’t have to wake up. Wouldn’t have to deal with tomorrow. With the end of today. With everything. It was overwhelming. It felt like there was no way out.
“You saved me from myself, Steve. It’s probably three days of work you saved, plus whatever I’d normally have trashed while I was drunk.” His voice was weary and acidic, heavy with irony, buoyed by a false jauntiness. “Probably another $400k. You’re almost all paid up.” He hated himself. Reminding Steve of just why he was there, that Tony was the sort of man who took advantage of that kind of situation.  But the truth was that Steve
Finally, Steve commended Tony’s switch-backs and his communication.  Steve always wanted more communication, and Tony was trying.  He preened internally, giddy and blushing, but just nodded at Steve. “No prob, Cap. Whatever you need.”
Steve, he couldn’t be emailing, he was in the middle of a study group.
“No more carting you to swim meets, no more practice SATs… Maybe I’ll take up quilting, send you some blankets in college.” Mr. Morita messed up Jimmy’s hair, then turned back to Tony.  “You boys get going.  Make sure you show me what it turns into, now, and make sure it doesn’t go all Terminator on us.” He winked at Tony and waved them toward the door.
From: Tony 10:43am
And the worst part was, he did want a reason to call, excuse or otherwise.  Tony had said he was free to go, but apparently, in truth, he wasn’t free.  He didn’t want to go.  He’d told himself it was an infatuation.  Tony was smart and sexy.  Easy to develop a crush on someone like that.  But it was more than his charm.  It was the way he cared about everything.  The way he stayed up too late trying to get projects done, because he knew that he could fix it, and if he could fix it, men and women would be safer on the field. It was the way he seemed to singlehandedly help a world that continually tried to tear him down, that didn’t deserve him.
Weird.  “Miss Potts is actually the CEO—“ Tony began
The arc reactor was stunning. It was.  Symmetrical, perfect, and powerful.  It had literally saved his life, and then made him redeem it, so it was gorgeous on its own.  But seeing it rendered into this new idea, through Steve’s eyes. Something that Steve must have seen as worthwhile, too.  Something he must have seen as beautiful.
It’s called tough love, Tony.
I’m not disappointed. Or, I was, a little.  I guess I just wanted it to be you, not because of who he was, but because I thought it’d be nice to be with you, in person. Not be with you, but be with you. You know what I mean.
Steve is smiling.  Tony can tell. “Besides, the kid is pretty much a genius, right? Like you?” His voice is somehow warm, even over the shitty phone.
Score.  He got Steve time tomorrow, too, and it was for the team.  That was a net win for him, even if everyone else on the team was freaking out and he had to walk to Mrs. S’s with a giant green Hulk, an assassin, a demigod, and a goat.
It was just like Tony to make sure Bucky’s number was programmed in; he should have known.  Tony was always looking out for other people. When he’d heard Happy’s sister had been in an accident, he’d put Happy on his own private jet and sent him to see her in California immediately.  She was in the hospital, but stable.  Just the other day, Steve had come back from picking up Tony’s tux from the drycleaners and happened to mention in passing how they’d had a broken window from some drunken party goer the night before.  An hour later, he fielded a call from Mr. Kim, thanking Mr. Stark for the new window. He was demanding, sure, but meticulously thoughtful.
“So why’d you really invite Hammer?” Nat asked as they walked down the hallway.
“Guys, I have great news,” Sam started.
“I do have a place like that. Or, it’s a place where everything makes sense.  Where I can just be me. It’s not perfect, it’s at home, and there’s always a danger that my dad will walk in and yell at me, but in that room, it’s my own space.
“No, Tony,” Steve said gently, turning his head to softly kiss Tony’s palm. “His greatest creation is you.”
Steve smiled. “Okay.” He leaned in, just an inch or so, and kissed Tony, too. “I hear that guy’s boyfriend is pretty protective of him.”
?” not-a-Neanderthal broke off in surprise.  “Oh my god—Bucky did you break that? It’s priceless!”
Rhodey reached out to shake his hands, something a bit like awe in his eyes, although a cynical glint gave away that he knew exactly why Tony was so interested.
Sam texted around noon; he had time for a run.  Steve pulled himself out of bed and into the shower.  Running was good.  Physical exertion was healthy, and it wasn’t like they had to talk the whole time.
Tony looked in the mirror.  He looked… normal.  He didn’t look difference.  He looked like Tony Stark, millionaire genius nerd.
“Unpack.  Now.  Right after lunch.  The blueprints—those were good. You made them better. I already sent them to the production team.  You were totally right about the changes, although I’m not sure why you needed the greenhouse.  I mean, food gets shipped in, too. But I really should have thought about the extra school reinforcement. But no.  You, you stay.  I don’t release you.  You’re working for me. But what’s with the trees?”
His email pinged almost immediately, as he was looking at straps to stabilize the back of the palette, making sure it wouldn’t slide too easily from Steve’s palm.
Intriguing.  Experimental? “What for?”
Steve snorted.  Then, begrudgingly, he added, “She’s a big favorite with a lot of the guys overseas. They think she’s real pretty.”
Steve handed the bowl off to Jarvis.
Sam grinned at her.  “Passenger pigeon? Smoke signal?"
Tony smiled, tasting disappointment. If only it were that theoretical.
Someone knocked on his door.
Steve didn’t answer for a second. “Um, they’re great,” he finally said, sounding slightly strangled.
A large hand moved in front of his face and his phone was plucked from his grasp.  He could hear Steve saying his name again and again. Then a spotless, smooth finger hit the end-call button and the phone was tossed to the floor, an Italian leather shoe crushing it under its heel. Shit.
“Oh, I’m very excited to play,” Peggy said, eyes twinkling.  She had a take-charge, roll with the punches sort of attitude.  God help the world if Pepper and Peggy ever decided to team up against it.  Tony was pretty sure they could reorder the entire planet if they put their mind to it, while painting their nails and sipping on lattes—er, tea.
Steve grabbed his bag, heading down to the garage.  Sam knew how to get in touch, Nat always had tabs on him. Tony could, if he thought about it, call.  He wouldn’t, Steve knew.  But he could.
“No worries, I know, Pep told you. She already owns me, it’s fine.”
Pulling on a hoodie, Tony grabbed his keys and texted Rhodey.  He was waiting for him when Tony arrived, cramming a granola bar in his face.
“Huh,” Steve said.  It was very faint, sounded a little like screaming. Not exactly like screaming—not enough to be truly worried—but it was close. He got up to investigate, still absently holding his bowl.  Leaving the others at the table, he wandered toward the stairwell.  It sounded fractionally louder, although it was probably bouncing.  He started up, toward the penthouse.  Definitely coming from the penthouse.
Obie surveyed it for a moment. “So you’re almost out of juice, huh? What’s the prognosis?”
Tony shook his head, mockingly.  “You’re the worst.  I can’t take you anywhere.  Dad jokes, Rhodey.  You’re not even forty yet. And you don't have kids! Where did you even pick that up?”
“I didn’t.  I took yours.”
, and Discovery played it like every day for three months.  Well, the young astronaut, John Storm… It was just like Wonder Woman, actually. My dad thought I had a thing for his sister, Sue.
She didn’t turn to look at him, but he could feel her approval and agreement.  “He’s trained in it since practically birth. He’s had to do this since he was small—the press still sees him as he was when he was young: troubled and vulnerable.” Her voice hardened, and he knew the tone wasn’t for him; he was also aware he’d been guilty of misreading Tony, too.
“Fine, fine,” Tony grumbled. “Grab Jack the Ripper and let’s go introduce him to the rest of this zoo.” He walked toward the elevator, knowing Steve would catch up.
He didn’t see Steve all day.
His inbox lit up again.
Tony wondered what he looked like. Miserable, probably.  He dashed into the bathroom, locking the door.  He checked his phone reflexively. Nothing.  Of course, if it
“But I will carry the provender back to the tower for you, Tony, in my well-muscled arms,” Thor countered, flexing.
“Aw, Tony, I’m sure he likes you, too,” Steve said, picking up his bowl with the other hand. “You hungry?” he asked the kitten.
Besides, it’s my last year in school, and I don’t want them to have to deal with more. It just seems easier to stay quiet about it.  I think I’d hurt more people by coming out than I do by staying quiet.  I mean, what if my friends did decide to stick by me? I don’t want them to lose out on the rest of high school. I don’t want people to pick on them. I don’t want them to get bullied because of me, because I came out. That would be on me.  I can’t do that to them. Maybe you think I’m just being a coward.  Maybe I am.
A blue laser shot from the prismatic core, slicing cleanly through several sets of industrial shelving and sending tools and sheets of metal clanging toward the floor. Well, collateral damage.  Worth it, this time. He turned the laser toward the stabilizer, praying to a god he didn’t believe in and science he did that it would work and held his breath.  Bad idea.  Muscles need oxygen.  And there, it took! Yes! He was a genius! He’d always known it was going to work! He hit the shut off switch with a gloved hand.
To:  A-Team
Within minutes, Rhodey was busy killing all the high notes on a Queen track, Natasha had somehow gotten Bruce to dance, and Hammer had downed half a bottle of SoCo.   Sam was loudly telling a crowd about Steve’s inspirational speech at the cross country race, Steve blushing hard.
“I’m sure this isn’t anything like what you normally get, Mr. Stark,” Steve began apologetically.  Then he added, “But, then, you live in Manhattan, so you probably don’t know the real thing anyway.  You wanna knife and fork with that?” The look he turned on Tony was pure innocence.
Tony huffs, annoyed.  “Yes, I gave him a microchute. And a parachute.”
Steve glanced at Sam, grateful, but didn’t quite seem to catch Tony’s eye.  Well, maybe he was a little uncomfortable, having heard about Tony.  Didn’t really seem like a Steve thing to do, but maybe Tony was just taking things personally. Seeing things that weren’t there. After all, Steve seemed a little embarrassed overall, not quite meeting most people’s eyes.
“Tony? You okay?” Steve asked. It sounded like he’d run into a wall.
“A day.  Maybe two.” His phone rang.  He looked at it.  Steve.  Was he in trouble? Was Stern trying something again? Apologizing to Obie and promising to return immediately, he started up the stairs to the living room. It had been a long day and a longer night before, and Tony’s exhaustion showed. The dying reactor probably didn’t help. His progress up the stairs was slow and his breath came heavy and difficult. The phone continued ringing in his hand, long after it should have stopped.  Apparently Pepper had shared the secret of how to bypass voicemail. Hitting answer when he reached the sofa, he quickly put the phone to his ear.
Steve hesitated, then hooked a stool over from behind him, and grabbed a slice.  “So, how long has this clean water thing been going?” he ventured. His lips were shiny, and Tony had the urge to lick it off.  He’d never found grease quite so sexy before.
Steve gave himself a mental shake.  “Thanks, Tony.  I’ll come with you.”
Finally, he set down the book in the kitchen, next to the coffee maker.  It was almost morning. Dawn stretched rosy gold rays over the tips of skyscrapers, painting their high edges, lightening the sky, alleviating the mystery enshrouding the city.
Bucky returned carrying his shirt and plopped into his chair. “Hey man, I only speak the truth. I saw the interview—he’d be half wanting to rip the wet shirt off you with his teeth and the other half trying to make sure I didn’t give you another cold.”
He grabbed an apple from the counter and went down to the workshop.
“Okay, first of all,
“Well, he may have gone to run a few errands for SI.  I don’t know that he’ll be back tonight.” Tony put on his least-concerned face, perfected from years of living with Howard.
“It made him reckless!”
I’m so glad you’re not disappointed. For complete honesty though, I’m glad for two reasons. First, because I would hate for you to be sad about it.  But also,” Tony let out an audible gasp, “because I can’t stop thinking about you, about maybe meeting you, about kissing you. I know, that’s probably a little weird, since essentially we met online and for all we know you could be incredibly not attracted to me.  But I guess I just wanted to still have that possibility. Maybe when we graduate, when we’re ready to get out of here, we could meet up? See where it goes?
“Mr. Stane is on his way down, sir.”
Sam texted around noon; he had time for a run.  Steve pulled himself out of bed and into the shower.  Running was good.  Physical exertion was healthy, and it wasn’t like they had to talk the whole time.
“Could you have a lousier poker face? Just tell me. Who told you?”
And I know what you mean, about feeling alone.  I do.  So, I just want you to know, if you need me, I’m here for you.
“Well, wanted to keep it authentic, Cap,” Tony said, gratified that Steve had noticed. He turned back to the design that Jarvis had up. “How’s it feel? They might be a little tight on your fingers but we can stretch them out, loosen ‘em up so you can really move around in there.”
The photo further down the hallway—beyond the bathroom—was older.  Steve was maybe ten—well before puberty. And his arm was slung around another kid that Tony didn’t recognize.  Brown hair. Scrappy.  Bigger than Steve, for sure.  Was this the mystery best friend?  3/5 was pretty good.  60%.  That was almost passing.
“You are, hands down, the worst liar I’ve ever met,” Tony observed, without any real heat behind it.  It didn’t actually bother him.  It made sense.  Pepper had to hand down her knowledge to the next her, after all. Or, the next him? Her next him? Ugh.
“Jarvis, you can get recipes for Rogers, can’t you?” he deflected.
He started the conference call, introducing himself as Steve Rogers, the new PA for Mr. Stark, and apologizing for conducting the call in English.  Engineering seemed to be on the up and up.  Within four days, they should be fully operational.  Not a problem.  He thanked them politely and told them he’d get the information to Mr. Stark.  That screen closed, and only Batroc was left.
Romeo had finished eating. He hopped up into Steve’s lap, pawed around a bit in uncomfortable places, and promptly fell asleep. Tony stared at the kitten, a strangely sour expression on his face.  “Tony, he’ll love you too, once he forgets the bath,” Steve told him, consolingly, trying not to flinch at the sharp claws.  “Besides, I’m probably just the warmest, what with the superserum and all. It’s not personal. Here, just pet him.”
He packed a bag. Just a few clothes, toothbrush, cash. He was just double checking that he had what he needed when Natasha showed up in his doorway.
“Is that the report from SHIELD?” Tony asked.
“Hi, Professor,” Pepper said, always professional, as Rhodey nodded.
Steve stood for a second, frozen with indecision. Then he gave in. If he had only this left, if this was the end, he could allow himself one hug.  It didn’t have to be romantic.  Even if those feelings weren’t appropriate, he still cared for Tony. He knew what a good man he was, what he was trying to do in the world. It could be friendly, and Tony wouldn’t hold it against him. He pulled Tony into a quick embrace, gratitude for all Tony had done for him, regret for leaving him prematurely, and a mix of stifled disappointment and relief he didn’t want to look too closely at right now.
Tony knew it was his fault. A failing of his crippled heart. A payment that would come due, soon enough. A few months, he had, maybe more, maybe a little less.  Every time he looked at the reactor, it had lost a little more light, dark lines stretched wider across his chest. He took another look in the mirror, seeing the bags under his eyes and the unruly mess of hair.  The arc reactor still glowed. But soon.  Soon enough.  He sighed.
