“Dad, it’s okay,” Dean found himself saying before he realized it, with no idea of when he’d decided to reassure him. To lie to make his dad feel better.
He had been trying to ignore these feelings, ever since they spent the entire night looking at the stars, when Dean had spent the whole time looking mostly at Cas and the way his face lit up every time he found a new constellation to talk about. And now that was all on the brink of being nothing but a distant memory.
There was not much keeping him from holding it all together, and the way Cas looked at him made it so much harder.
“Not that there’s anything wrong with that,” Dean backtracked, feeling slightly guilty for making Cas feel embarrassed for the second time today.
When they were close enough for Bobby to completely deck him if he wanted to, Dean braced himself for what was about to come. Bobby would probably lay it on him, that he was an absolute idiot, an ass-backward moron who went and got himself mixed up in stuff he shouldn't be and now was dragging them all with him.
“It was great meeting you, too.” Cas smiled at her and Dean couldn’t stop his eyebrows raising. He had never seen Castiel be polite to anyone, let alone see him smile at someone he didn’t even know.
He settled down on the couch, it wasn’t the first time he had fled to the now unused outpost cabins. Whenever he had been in a fight with his dad this was always a good place to escape the snide comments that were bound to come his way if he stayed at home.
With a body full of liquor, his tongue carefully tasting Cas’s lips, licking them before pushing past them and meeting his tongue. He pulled Cas closer, keeping their upper bodies tight against each other, Dean’s legs were trembling by this point, all his blood pooling in one place just inches away from Castiel’s groin. For a second Castiel’s body moved with his, slowly, and Dean felt him kissing back harder,–
Dean had mere seconds before the next attack, the demon lunged at him. It crashed into him and they both fell to the floor. Dean’s leg was screaming in pain, but there was no time to waste. He
The training session had left Dean completely drained. there wasn’t even any leftover energy for worrying. He was sprawled on the couch. Sam had gone off to the Roadhouse again, which now that Dean came to think of it, he seemed to be spending a lot of time at the Harvelle’s lately.
“Hm?” Dean’s thoughts were interrupted. “Well obviously, I want to know more, but I guess you can’t.”
With Michael imprisoned, Lucifer in the cage, Raphael in no shape to lead any armies, Gabriel was the logical choice as a new leader - except he wanted nothing of the sort. Castiel just wished his brother would step up, and reveal to all their brothers and sisters, who Metatron really was and have them choose to follow him. He hated this plan, going behind everyone’s back - he knew it was the right thing to do, yes, but every fiber in his being seemed to burn with uncertainty.
Turning back to face the angry woman in front of her, Mary sighed heavily, "thank you for bringing him home. I have to go now." Mary closed the door and leaned her forehead against it taking a deep breath before she turned, with her son still standing at the foot of the stairs, "I thought I told you to go upstairs, go now, I can try to calm your father before he gets to you, go on."
I am so sorry for not updating this sooner, I promise to be good and write the next part. So much has happened since I last updated and I feel like this needs to be put out so we can have some quality reconciliation between them. Also it's very short haha
The sound made Dean jump slightly as he looked down at the small red dot at the bottom of his screen, indicating that he had a new message. He clicked on the message
Once Lucifer arrived at the bunker Dean began explaining things to him, things he didn't understand. Castiel was really the one who knew anything but there was no way Lucifer was going to risk letting him out from where he was buried in the depths of the vessel mind. No Lucifer would deal with this on his own. With stealthy vigilance and careful planning he could keep up the Castiel facade.
Dean sat back slightly, a little offended by this man's tone, no one spoke to him like that: ever and it kind of excited him, "well it's as I said I've been known to help heal a broken heart. How about this? How about, I come back tomorrow and we can discuss terms."
“Oh,” was all Castiel could muster. His head was spinning, and the things it was turning up only confused him further. “But— I thought you said your Grandfather had passed away several years ago?”
At the recommendation of my professors, I did submit some stories (including Gabriel’s) to a few publications earlier this month. I’ve got a while left in the program here, of course, but if nothing else perhaps I can get some early idea of how my writing might be received out in the world. And, if I’m supremely lucky, perhaps I could get something on the way to publication before I finish here. My hopes aren’t especially high, but I suppose one never knows.
“Dean,” Cas said. It was nearly midnight, and the attic room was dark apart from the lamp on Dean’s bedside table.
But the deeper transformation, I think, is uniquely my own. It is a specific awe that can only be born in an isolated child. And I’ll confess, it has been years since I felt so like a child, despite my physical youth. I am, in a word, giddy. There are possibilities here that need not be invented or imagined because they stand before me and speak my name. Even in a home full of children and revolving farmhands, I never experienced such open connection. (Well, perhaps Hannah came close, but our time together was always far too limited by class periods.) Here, suddenly, I am sought out and considered constantly by like minds who leapt from strangers to friends with an effortlessness I have never encountered.
With that, it was as if Cas’s eyes were caught on Dean’s. As they stared at each other, Cas couldn’t help but feel like nothing at all had changed since they were back at school. Their connection was as electric as ever.
The final approach to the lake house was like a balm to Cas's unsettled soul. Whatever specters of memory might lurk in the trees along the road, this bit of the drive was too beautiful to be overcome by fear.
Dean’s brave enough to admit to himself how nervous he was when Sam brought up possible futures on the drive here. And honest enough to admit how relieved he was that Sam was including him in the contours of the various options. It feels different this time, and not just because Chuck is absent. This isn’t Sam finding a life with Jess or Amelia or even Sarah and leaving Dean behind. The discussion Sam wanted to have was about what they could do next together - not necessarily living together and breathing all the same air and doing all the same things with their lives, but together in the way other families stay together. They could move to the same town somewhere, maybe share a house while they get settled into general life or maybe not. They could stay at the bunker, instead, while they build something new, and then branch out on their own paths later. They could look at regular jobs that actually excite them, carve out little corners of the universe for themselves where they can be regular guys, but not have to blend in to stay safe. They could say goodbye to credit card scams for good and start off fresh, sell some of the antiques from the bunker and make themselves money, and go honest from here on out. They have so many options, to hear Sam tell it, and they can decide what to try as a group now - Sam, Dean, and Eileen. They can make those decisions without having to sacrifice each other or anyone else. They can find ways to be there for each other without holding each other back.
For this first visit, Chuck set us up to each meet with Jody one-on-one several times. I’ve never engaged in any sort of counselling or psychotherapy, but the setup of these sessions felt almost as I imagine the beginning of a therapist/patient relationship might. We met, first, to simply get acquainted- chat about our lives and backgrounds, etc., and generally get used to each other’s company. For that first meeting, we were asked to bring along some finished samples—the sort of things we might submit as part of a portfolio. So, when the second session rolled around, Jody had read some of our work, and we were able to discuss our actual writing with her—inspirations and motivations and everything surrounding our working mindsets. Then, for the third and final formal session, she had read some early drafts of work we felt was “unfinished”: full drafts, snippets of works in progress, even entirely discarded ideas. This session was geared toward where we are and where we wish to go, discussions of what we feel are our strengths and our weaknesses, things we wish we could overcome or deeply want to try. It was all, in my opinion, fascinating. So much more open and personal than the “you-should-you-shouldn’t” feeling of most formal writing education. And with such a thoughtful and sharp interrogator as Jody, I found myself discovering my own desires as an artist even as I shared them, her questions aligning my most fleeting thoughts into something approaching epiphany more than once.
“Apart from pointing me toward East Jordan in the first place,” Castiel corrected. But there was another possibility, wasn’t there? “Or was that Celeste’s idea?”
“Oh, trust me,” was Cas’s ominous response. “If she actually hated you, you would be painfully certain of that fact.”
Then he puts them all down again so he can put on his mask before returning to the door with his haul.
The way she put it to me was this: “Try something big and personal, but outside your active life experience. Find a place where these two concepts meet, and let them combine. Meld them into something new and special and uniquely your own.” She encourages research and questioning of people, of course— how can one expand one’s mind without opening it up to learn? But she doesn’t want me to cut myself off from avenues because they are foreign. Instead, she wants me to use the tools at my disposal to learn about them, and then make them my own.
Cas could see that. For Dean to come back and then actively decide on bigger and better things would hit John like a physical blow. He had gotten used to the Florida move over time, but he had been able to rationalize it with the fact that Dean had Lisa’s desires to consider.
Dean seemed to take the blow of the words physically, leaning back and muttering “ouch” without an ounce of his usual humor.
Dean frowned slightly, but shrugged. “I mean, they were mostly ‘our’ friends, you know? Mine and Lisa’s. And they were cool, even after the breakup. I wasn’t kidding when I said Lisa and I split on good terms. But—I don’t know.” He fortified again before continuing, glancing up at Cas quickly. “I was never so close with any of them that I needed to stay in town for them, I guess. Not when we can keep in touch so easily online. So, I decided to…leave.” He finished rather lamely, and seemed at a loss.
“Hey, so,” Ben begins, looking at the small cell phone in his hand. “Andy wants me to jump into Fortnite. That okay?”
“Mmm, yes,” Cas replied. “Nothing like sleeping in a twin bed, three feet away from your new boyfriend. Sounds very sexy.”
This is still what drives me to read to this day (and the Garden has one hell of a library, let me tell you). But this autumn has brought me a new source of magic by way of the creative process. This isn’t entirely new, of course—I did opt for a Creative Writing degree, after all, despite the apparent reality of my post-graduate circumstances. But this—this is new and utterly beyond.
(Huh. That became some kind of free form poem. Cain will be thrilled to hear his classes are rubbing off on my work… Anyway, I hope you enjoyed my accidental Christmas poem!)
Cas looked at him, then. His concern almost shone in the moonlight, a beacon of shame that he hadn’t been enough to invite Cas’s confidence that summer, no doubt. That was no good. “Because it was selfish and gross, and I felt like an asshole the whole time.”
The moment seemed to crystalize, all four of them frozen and silent, until Dean finally cleared his throat. “Uh… Hey, Mom.”
I am happy to report that I have arrived in Charlevoix, Michigan quite safely. The drive up wasn’t terribly long, but I appreciated the hours of solitude it afforded. Frankly, the span I spent confined to my rather luxurious rental Prius gave me much needed time to recalibrate as I left the farm for the last time.
I’m not sure how much I told you before about my project’s prompt. The upshot was that I needed to push myself out of my comfortable little bubble of knowledge and let something honest and unknown take over. It was quite a ride, let me tell you, as I pulled together some past characters and concepts into a new space and let them run wild. The end result was pleasantly unexpected.
There was a long, dark moment before Mary spoke. “I see. And then you lied about it to all of us.” She was quiet, but her fury was palpable, even in whisper. “May I ask what exactly made you think you couldn’t, at least, tell your mother the truth? Have I been so aggressive in my hopes that you will find a mate in life that I have made you ashamed to be honest with me? Or, perhaps, afraid of me?”
Okay, perhaps I’m exaggerating slightly in the glow of this gorgeous sunrise. My classmates and I didn’t solve world hunger or cure Cancer last night. But it felt so very important, nonetheless. At least to me. You understand: I have never had a true community of my own before. Not in this sense, at least, where we are all equal, if varied, and can share and comfort without fear of retribution. My siblings were my charges, and my few early friends were necessarily distant after class hours, so a night of earnest, soul-baring connection would never have been in the cards. It was vastly out of the realm of possibility for me.
“No, no. Lis and I broke up after prom,” he admits, grinning wistfully. “We were sorta just friends by that point, and she was gonna go to college. Ben came from that next chapter of her life.”
Oh, how to answer that one? He had made it sound like his crush was isolated to high school. Ought he keep up that charade to protect the fragile status quo?
The logic isn’t strong, but logic flew out the window back in March when pro sports first closed down, and Castiel is going to milk that for as long as humanly possible.
In her wake, Castiel realized he needed to snap out of his mental fog and attempt to behave like a human being. He cleared his throat. “Hello, Dean.”
“The fact that your whole life will change permanently this afternoon?” Cas prompted, wry smile in place to make his joking tone clear.
Thankfully, Charlie came to his rescue, breaking the silence by donning an air of false excitement and snatching the dice bag from Dean’s hand. “Whoops, I’m gonna be late! Gotta go! Cas, come on in! Good to see you! K, see ya!” The whole thing happened in seconds. And then Castiel was standing in a cozy foyer with Dean, and Charlie was gone.
Unfortunately, he didn’t have long to bask in his good fortune. He had been roused by the smell of fresh bacon, and far too soon Ellen’s call to breakfast was interrupting his shameless cataloguing of Dean’s freckles. There were still tasks to be executed today, things to help with, miles to drive before he and Dean could have time to begin working things out.
Cas just nods. None of this is really company conversation, but such are the times. “He’s been great, though. Just told me to move in as soon as I got laid off, to save myself the rent money and ride all this out.”
Ellen still looked skeptical, but Mary had turned toward the dancefloor midway through Cas’s little monologue. She seemed to soften some as her eyes followed her youngest son’s joyous movements around the dance floor.
There was a call from the top of the stairs, then, as Sam ducked his head down from the second floor. “Did someone say the cupcakes are—CAS!”
Ellen eventually called over a request that Sam couldn’t help with, and Cas offered to take over. Dean looked taken aback. “Cas, you can play now?”
In the thirty-three days since my last correspondence, I have barely ventured any further than the confines of the house and its grounds (formidable, yes, but largely made up of rooms, trees, and a small stretch of beach). However, I already feel like a world traveler. I recall encountering much the same feeling when I first received the responsibility of a library card. I dove head first into literature, testing the waters slowly with Mrs. Novak— (oh, to hell with it. I’m 21 and she will never read this, so I will henceforth “grow a pair” and dispense with the strange formalities!). When it became clear that
Dean just shakes his head and says, “Eat your dinner.” He might actually be blushing, but that could be a trick of the fading light.
Cas had the pleasure of sitting next to Ms. Moseley while they ate, who proved to be a charming, saucily brilliant woman with a special soft spot for the bride and groom. She informed Cas that the couple had first met under her eye in an elective Philosophy class each had decided to take on a whim during undergrad. She claimed that the moment the two had laid eyes on each other, she had known their love would be vast and magnificent. And while Cas wasn’t usually one for such over-romantic notions, the certainty in her expression had him quite swayed.
Cas tried to recalibrate, look out at the road, focus on the music and ignore the lyrics, think about literally anything else. No dice. He gave up entirely, and popped out the CD.
I’m finding it hard to believe that a month has passed since my last letter. It feels like barely a blink has elapsed between that first afternoon writing with the spectacular view of Lake Charlevoix in sight, summer breezes persisting despite the traditions of autumn’s arrival. And yet, I feel as if I have travelled far too many miles to have only seen one month go past. But here we are, October whisking our little band of creatives toward a lakeside winter bound in words, flakes, and blazing torrents of inspiration. That’s my prediction, anyway, given the month that has just transpired.
“It all turned out pretty great, didn’t it?” Dean was asking, gaze turned mistily toward where his brother was dancing with Ellie Moore.
Talk about emotional whiplash. What the fuck had just happened? He couldn’t deal with it—not here, not now. He needed a distraction. So, he did what any adult man would do faced with a crisis of the heart: he marched across the dance floor, liberated little Addie from her mother’s arms, and began to teach the child how to do the Chicken Dance.
Through the line came a low voice, and to Castiel’s relief that voice sounded equal parts hopeful and relieved. “Dean? Is…is that really you?
Dean reluctantly glances up, his own green eyes meeting icy blue, and he swallows the lump in his throat. Shifting slightly, attempting to close the gap between them, Dean inhales softly with the words still stuck in his throat. He had planned out what he would say on the drive over, but now here in front of this  man that he cared so much for, he was at a loss.
Dean never saw the same client more than twice, which he clarified once the client asked for another night, much to the clients dismay. Once the night was through Dean left as quickly as he possibly could, not bothering to collect the money left on the night table. Dean sluggishly made his way back to the motel room that he had rented out, pushing the door open once he got it unlocked and throwing his bag to the floor. He has his personal laptop set up on the small night table that was conveniently placed at the foot end of the bed.
Dean woke up to the sound of frantic voices, his head hurt, and he couldn't see, "Michael I need more saline, stat."
Cas was staring at Dean in surprise, when suddenly Dean had his lips against Cas' mouth and his hands against his cheeks, nudging his lips softly, "mmm....okay we can." Cas gripped Dean's hips with his hands as they kissed for a few moments, a soft moan escaping his lips, "Cas...." A soft chuckle escaped Cas after Dean said his name, "hm?" Dean pulled away from Cas, standing in front of him as he pulled on his hand, "let's go to bed." Cas stood in front of Dean as he held onto his hand, then they walked hand in hand up to the bedroom, stripped down, and Cas ravaged Dean passionately until they both tired out, Dean falling asleep tangled in Cas' embrace. After a few minutes Cas allowed himself to lull off into a peaceful sleep, his mind content, and his heart almost whole.
"What would you like me to say? That I've missed you, that I've spent the last 4 months aching for your return like some damaged housewife?"
Well Dean was about to change all of that, by the time he is done with him, he will be an expert. Of course, no one could ever be as experienced as Dean, he considered himself slut royalty, an honorary whore, but still classy.
Cas turned away from Dean, slowly making his way back to the couch, falling against the couch once before he sat down. "Cas are you drunk?" Dean took a few steps toward the couch as Cas turned to look at him, "I don't have to explain myself to you, Dean. Just leave." Cas turned to grab the bottle from the table, but before he could drink from it, Dean was there and had gripped his wrist practically ripping the bottle from his hand, "I won't let you go down this path." Cas snapped his head in Dean's direction and furrowed his eyebrows, anger in his tone, "who the hell do you think you are? You don't own me." Dean looked at Cas, his eyes wide in surprise, and he shook his head, "yeah that may be true Cas, but if something happened that I could have prevented I wouldn't be able to live with myself."
Dean watched as Cas leaned forward probably so that he could read the chat, then he began typing on his keyboard.
"Gabriel!" Cas jumped up, running into his brother's embrace in which Gabriel lifted him into his arms. He held the sobbing boy in his arms rubbing his back gently.
"Well....no I don't do dates." Cas sat up, moving so that his back was rested against the headboard of his bed then looked down at his hands taking a deep breath and Dean shifted as he moved, "look I don't know what you are expecting from me Cas, but I can't be
"Dean....please" he spoke softly, then slowly turned around to look at Dean, letting his hand fall to his side, "I realize that you have these feelings but.....we can figure something out can't we?"
Crowley sat on the throne glancing around the room at the demons that stayed. He needed to find some way to silence the rumors before anyone got any bright ideas to overthrow him. He stood quickly slowly making his way to a table at the other end of the room. Suddenly the doors burst open and in the doorway stood Castiel. He had a look in his eye that sent shivers down The King's back but he tried hard to suppress the movement.
There was a brief moment that Lucifer could feel his heart race when he glanced at Dean. He couldn't understand why and honestly he didn't really care to know. He stood next to Dean as he talked about a Hand of God and what they needed to do to get it. Lucifer couldn't help but glance down at Dean's bottom lip. He could imagine sucking it gently between his teeth and he closed his eyes, allowing the images of him and Dean rolling around the floor of the bunker in a passionate embrace to run through his mind.
Once he got everything together, Cas paused what he was doing so he could quickly grab his laptop. He walked into the living room, pulling it from under the coffee table, then set it carefully on top of it. He typed in the information for his account, then waited as it loaded everything up. Cas took a deep breath, holding it slightly as he noticed the first thing that popped up,
There was a point, when Dean first arrived in town, that he had made an offer to make payments in the form of sexual favors to Bianca, she wasn't bad to look at with her nice curves and huge bosom, but she was a total bitch; she had shot him down however, which wasn't such a big deal to Dean, he could literally have any person he desired, and he would much rather use his body as payment than give money that he earned himself.
Staring at his screen, Dean leaned forward with his hands rested against his chin. He could see the words that Cas typed and he could also see his face. The look in his eyes, the way he spoke, he wasn't lying. Of course, no one else would know, they hadn't been around Cas like Dean had, they hadn't see the unraveling man in front of them, the broken soul who had just lost the love of his life. Dean felt sick. He dropped his hands from his face, letting his head fall.
“Oh, okay,” Mary replied, rolling her eyes. “And where are you planning to sleep then, Dean? In your car?”
Left, rather suddenly, alone again, Castiel tried to settle himself by taking in the room around him. It was a cozy space, walls of a soft blue circling a set of complementary furniture, mismatched just enough to suggest pieces were collected one by one across a lifetime. The sofa and chairs were quite clearly lived in, nothing freshly bought or plastic wrapped, but certainly well maintained.
As they open up their food containers to dig in, Ben turns to Dean. “Well, you two seem to be on good terms again,” he says, giving the man a knowing and vaguely probing look.
“This isn’t some kind of thesis,” he assured us over and over all autumn. “It’s just something to focus your final semester. We don’t expect a magical polished masterpiece based on prescribed rules and illogical timelines! You’re here to learn and grow!” Chuck is the sort of anxiety-sufferer who loves to reassure others that they don’t need to worry, even though they likely still will. It’s oddly comforting.
Like the bachelor party the night before, the rehearsal dinner was a fairly relaxed affair. The group had grown, of course, with the arrival of some more extended family and friends over the course of the day. Jess had confided in Cas that there might be some slight family friction on her end this evening, as she had not invited her (rather horrible) biological father, but had invited his mother. Jess and her sisters had always felt connected with Grandma Esther, she told Cas, who had stayed in their lives after the divorce. Apparently, she had sent Mrs. Moore cookies after the split was finalized, along with a letter in which she called her son’s treatment of the family “horrific”, and begged to be allowed to stay in touch with her granddaughters, even if she had to cut all ties with their father to win their trust. Jan Moore, ever the diplomat, had agreed to the contact without requesting such a disownment, and had apparently gotten along with her former mother-in-law ever since.
Sam seemed to be warring with his more chivalrous instincts as he gazed at her, but there was no way he could resist the power of that look on Ellen’s face. “Fine,” he said, a bit petulant in his defeat. With a nod, the women turned toward the kitchen. “But can I at least—“
The reception was in full swing by the time the wedding party made their way back down to the barn. Aaron, the DJ, marked their arrival by blaring Queen’s “You’re My Best Friend” over his impressive speakers so the guests could turn their spots in the buffet line to applaud them all.
Cas swallowed hard. He was imagining it, right? That… that sex voice? It had to be the ambiance—the barn full of fairy lights, the couples pressed close, the sultry tone of Jimmy Page’s guitar. Down boy, Cas told himself firmly as he turned his focus back to the task at hand.
Dean laughed at that, relaxing a little further. There was another slight pause before he asked, “And, uh, what else? You dated a rock star apparently…”
Realizing that he won’t be able to open the storm door with his arms full of sugar containers, Castiel turns to the side and stacks the unwanted varieties on the tiny end table next to the door, where Gabriel’s keys and wallet usually live. Dean might be laughing at him silently, as he juggles baking ingredients in his brother’s doorway, but it’s impossible to tell through the mask. That’s a small mercy. Castiel chooses to tell himself the gorgeous man is merely grinning.
When you slink back to your hometown, a grown man with a sudden and embarrassing amount of free time and no particular trajectory to speak of, sometimes there’s just that one person you absolutely do not want to run in to. That person you so vehemently don’t want to come across that you become a praying man in the hours of open road laid out between your old life and this new prospect of haunting your childhood home. That person who you are suddenly hoping moved far, far away, or evaporated off the face of the earth entirely, just so you don’t have to figure out how to face them in your current state.
Please hear me out, Archangel. This is not a decision I have made lightly, and I want to be sure you understand precisely why I had to make it.
Dean seemed to relax a fraction at Cas’s agreement. “Yeah. It’s real, that nearly-tangible extra spark of connection. And sitting in the house in Florida, looking back on that day, I remembered it—really remembered. So, suddenly, the idea that a big love, the magical kind of love is just an exaggeration? It had to be bullshit. I’d lived it, and it wasn’t with Lisa.” He looked almost terrified, and Cas wondered if this was the first time Dean had said any of this aloud, even to himself. “So, when she got home, we ended it, and as much as that conversation and some of the stuff that came after deeply sucked, I felt kinda liberated. Adrift, sure, like you said. But free and hopeful in a way I’d missed. And more like myself than I had in a while. And mostly, I just missed you like hell.”
So, as Dean stands there in the sun, he finally gets to watch his brother laugh happily with his girlfriend without dread gnawing at his insides. It feels damn good.
We will also have a visiting instructor later in the year, as I understand it, but for the moment we are settling in to our first semester with just the four professors and the Estate’s staff.
Just as in December, I enjoyed the crew at the Roadhouse immensely. They were much the same as before, fun and loving and covering it all up with a thin veil of surly sarcasm. There was a new air of proud excitement, of course, over Jo’s impending college search— new possibilities stirring in the air, but without the high school senior’s usual undertone of panic. She’s got a good amount of time before next year’s application deadlines, and she’s looking at this whole ordeal as a possibility rather than a necessity. It’s quite a smart way of thinking, in my opinion, and while my time working as her tutor has solidified my confidence that she will be accepted to a good school in the end, I still think this more relaxed attitude will serve her well.
“It’s in the trunk,” Dean called, looking relieved, but apparently starting to recover from his random bout of panic.
Cas wound down the drive as excitement began to build. He could see familiar cars up ahead, parked along the trees at the far corner of the sprawling lawn. The house sat in the very center of a large forest clearing, three stories and sloping pointed roof rising nearly to the tops of the trees. The open porch looked out over the long stretch of green toward a break in the trees where a portrait of pebbled beach kissed the lake's edge, a magnificent sight, especially at sunset. Cas had spent many a sunny day exploring this property and its surrounding woods with Jo Harvelle and the Winchester boys, building makeshift forts and organizing improvised games of soccer and baseball in the back forty. One particularly wet summer, the kids had even staged a small play, setting the adults down in the barn to watch them all enact a spoof version of Star Wars to general hilarity. Cas wondered idly if Ellen or Mary still had that video of that performance floating around somewhere - it would be highly entertaining to wrangle Sam's lawyer friends during the festivities this weekend to show them all his teen attempt at a Jar Jar Binks impression.
Dean flicked a glance his way. “Yeah. And we just floated in the middle of the lake for, I don’t know, hours.”
“You guys were all great with him, and he jumped right in with the banter and the bonfire songs and the weird card games, but…the whole time, I felt wrong. I wanted so badly to just be here with you all, but I felt responsible for him, for keeping him entertained, or something, and it basically ruined the week for me.”
Jo snorted and stood up from her perch next to Charlie. “Well since Mr. Snark over there is currently being used as a mattress, I’ll get the damn guitar.” She edged around the fire and held her hand out to Dean, apparently expecting him to hand over the keys.
Well, too late now. He would just put it inside the screen door, and someone would find it eventually. It wasn’t going to get rained on with the sturdy porch roof overhead, anyway.
“I have an idea for you,” Cas confessed, taking advantage of their position to speak his suggestion right into Dean’s ear. And conveniently eliminating the need for eye contact at the same time.
But now that we’ve developed a deep degree of comfort with each other, things aren’t quite so firmly defined. We’re being encouraged to collaborate a lot more, both in the writing and in the critiquing. Most of our group sessions are set up more like workshops than classes now, with the professors facilitating and participating, but not lecturing or taking over. I quite like it, so far. Since our areas of focus and our styles vary so widely, it seems to open us all up to have such a mixture of ideas expressed. Any piece brought to class gets read into the ears of a poet, a romance writer, a thriller specialist, and a bunch of others all at the same time, and so can benefit from all the perspectives, rather than one line of inquiry. What better way could there be to avoid becoming mired in cliché than to stretch outside the box, stylistically? I did a fair amount of work on a couple new ideas during my time in East Jordan, and so far, I’ve been immensely enjoying the reactions of my various classmates and teachers to those pieces. I can’t wait to see in what directions their impressions and ideas ultimately take me.
“You’re looking at him,” Dean replied, gaze bouncing around the room, landing anywhere but on Castiel. “Dean Michael Winchester. Like you said right at the beginning, Smith was just a convenient alias.”
By the time everyone had settled in around the bonfire for burgers and biscuits, Cas had to admit that it was the most enjoyable bachelor party he had ever witnessed. He had only been to a couple of weddings before, for various college friends, and all of them had opted for the “traditional” American bachelor mess of booze soaked evenings full of overly loud dance music. But Sam had been in recovery since his sophomore year of college, and Jess had quit drinking somewhere along the way as well, so neither really fancied that sort of graceless debauchery any more. They had decided to forego the odd, antiquated tradition all together in favor of this combined pre-wedding cookout, and Cas could not have been more thrilled. Even as the ghosts of bonfires past swirled by in the wind, he couldn’t seem to stop smiling. Addison was chasing Ash and Garth around the yard, Jess’s younger sister Laurie was whipping up unbelievable mock-tails, John seemed to be explaining combustion engines to Ellie’s husband, and the world felt utterly settled.
So, clearly this was a clever ploy to try to get me to keep the phone. But don’t you see the spot you’ve put me in? I can never manage to deserve this gift.
It was such a rush of warmth to hear Dean say that again that Cas couldn’t contain his smile. “Well, that's the thing about family, isn’t it? No matter how long between visits, they're still there when you need them.”
But Mary seemed mollified. “Come here,” she said, wrapping her son in a hug before holding him back for a scrutinizing look. “Are you okay?”
“Look, it…” Dean scrubbed a hand over his face, apparently in distress. “We broke up on the night of the 4th, okay? And I’m not sure if you remember what happened that same night, but—“
Against all odds, he managed. As the various other lake house residents packed up their cars for departure, not one of them gave him any kind of confused or reproachful look along with their goodbyes, so he must have been more subtle than he felt. Or, perhaps they were all just too used to him checking Dean out. That was a disquieting thought. But Cas was sure he’d hear all about it when the news began to spread of their relationship, and while it would be a bit embarrassing, at least it would no longer seem pathetic.
“I am really sorry about Lisa, though, Dean,” Cas offered in apology. Rather than letting any snotty comments about Lisa fall from his lips, he simply added, “You guys were together a long time.”
Dr. Jody Mills, the visitor in question who has just spent the week here at Chuck’s Estate, is, I can happily report, a true delight. She lives downstate with her wife and daughter, and is a no-nonsense woman with the pixie cut of a rock star and the dry wit of a modern-day Wilde character. By the end of her first evening in our midst, my feelings about the elusive final project had shifted from vague apprehension to palpable excitement. It’s amazing what an affinity between two personalities can do for one’s view of the world, Archangel. I won’t know the parameters of my project for several months, but given this last week, I am certain that it will both stimulate something wonderful in my writing and prove immensely fun to work on. That is the kind of certainty Jody Mills inspires.
The benefactor who administers this scholarship has set several rules for you, should you choose to accept your place at The Garden. These requirements are outlined below.
“If you’re sure,” Cas replied. His skepticism earned him twin unimpressed looks from his surrogate mothers. Sheepishly he added, “which you are, of course. That’s why you said as much.”
Patience Turner, the photographer in question, showed up promptly at 1PM to start in on pre-ceremony photos. Cas was slightly baffled by the sheer volume of images she was tasked with capturing, but was very impressed when she showed him her early stills of the yard’s finished setup, empty but glowing in the noonday sun. Patience’s business was a two-person operation, he learned, and her co-founder Kaia was in town, meticulously capturing Jess’s transformation into bride. Patience attempted the same with the grooms-people as Sam, Dean, Jo, Cas, and Kevin emerged in their grey summer suits (mercifully jacket free, given the heat) and donned their freshly MacGyvered boutonnieres on the sunny attic porch. Jo looked stunning in a silvery grey sleeveless jumpsuit, and in an uncharacteristic show of femininity had even woven some flowers into her hair to match those pinned to her chest. When Cas commented on how nice she looked, she punched him hard in the shoulder, but he could have sworn she blushed, as well.
On the one hand, there are probably explanations for all of this that make perfect sense. But, at least to Castiel, it all just feels…peculiar. True, he doesn’t have kids, and hasn’t been around people who do in a long time. But this whole exchange just doesn’t feel like a father and son. It feels like friends with mismatched ages, maybe. Or an older and younger brother. Cas’ confusion is back with a vengeance, and there’s no longer a Star War to distract him.
“How did you end up back here?” Castiel can’t help but ask it. He’s very lost regarding the timeline of all this.
“How’s yours, by the way,” Cas asks, remembering the younger boy who had run around with them now and again when they were young. “Sam, right?”
There was a painted portrait over the fireplace, a man and a woman seated on a bench in some sort of park, timeless in their frozen beauty, laughing together at some unknown pleasure. Framed photos lined the mantle below this painted pair, and fanned out around the room, on tables and set among the bookshelves, even across the top of the small upright piano in the corner. It was bright, with autumn sun streaming through the front windows to settle in the room like a mist. It welcomed him in, so Castiel let his curiosity calm him and turned his gaze to the photos on the mantle. They seemed to be in no particular order, judging by the clothing styles. The couple from the portrait appeared in several, at various ages, sometimes with a small boy in tow. There were other adults as well – friends, perhaps – and then the small boy grown up with a baby in his own arms.
Next, I embarked on another endeavor inspired by the class discussion, though not in such a linear way. A variety of unrelated comments had gotten me thinking about the assumptions we make—how my immediate trains of thought pitted the dragon as a villain, or at least as a problem to be overcome, and how that’s a fairly clear metaphor for so many of the problems we face in this world. I couldn’t get that out of my head, so despite having successfully completed the exercise of making something from nothing, I kept going. I wrote some sort of confessional/diary entry snippets from the dragon’s point of view. It was rather sad, and remarkably intense for something sparked by pure silliness, the tale of a being at the crossroads of things, stuck feeling just outside of several identities, wanting only to be loved, considered, needed. This dragon did not mean to haunt the castle— they were simply stuck in the castle. They did not wish to be so big in such a small space, to frighten the people who came there, to be in any way a problem for anyone. They simply
And this, I gather, is where things started to go sideways. John was not pleased at how far away his youngest son had gone to earn his degree, and was not subtle about expressing this when Sam came home for Christmas his Freshman year. It doesn’t sound like John was ever particularly gentle with his children, (though, again, I have all this through the lens of people who love the boys like sons, so I cannot claim an unbiased perspective) and the ensuing fight was one for the ages. A desperate Dean defended a drunken John from a furious Sam at the end of his rope, and by the end of the night, Sam had fled with a promise never to return. Apparently, Dean’s defense of John had been too much for Sam to tolerate, in the end—as far as anyone here can tell the brothers still haven’t spoken to this day, nearly five years later. Sam did not attend the funeral when John succumbed to a heart attack a few years ago.
I don’t really feel comfortable being “kept” like a Victorian artist at all. Perhaps it is another peculiar byproduct of my upbringing, but I can’t abide the idea of hiding away in my work and being of no active use to the world.
And then, much to Cas’s delight, they were kissing again. And kissing, and kissing…and it was more than even Cas’s hormone-addled teenaged mind could have dreamed. It was hard fought and honestly won, and Cas’s mind was alight with rainbows of pleasure.
Cas’s head now seemed to be doing the same bobble head thing, only going from side to side. “I mean, I always assumed she could just tell.” Then, quietly, he looked down at his hands and admitted, “I thought perhaps that was why you initially pulled away. Because you or Lisa could tell I was jealous, and it was making you uncomfortable.”
The proposed date is this coming Saturday. He wants to take me for cider and donuts at a favorite local spot, and to wander around a cute little town nearby. I think the only thing for it will be to accept the offer and go there to explain myself, to confess to having lied about having even some remote family, to try to make him understand that the interest he has shown me is a true honor, but one that is misplaced. I’m terrified this will net me one less friend, and will hurt immeasurably in the telling, but I cannot stand to lie to Dean any further. I must face up to the problems my reckless flirting has wrought.
“But I do,” Castiel stressed. “I need to repay at least part of this favor, Dean.” And when Dean looked poised to argue further, he added, “I will superglue it to your forehead if I have to.”
Dean, for his part, wasn’t some raging dick bag. He was just a dude. A bit of a jock, but with too much hint of an iffy home life to be called “clean cut”. He was in his own little world, complete with a couple close friends and a hot dance-team girlfriend, and in the vastness of their rather large high school population, he very easily might not have known that the same Cas Novak from 7th grade was back in the neighborhood at all.
“Well, that was kind of the goal, man. You were the height of cool, and Jo was teasing me mercilessly about it all the damn time. Not to mention Sam, the little shit.”
“Yeah, no need to call John, we’ll sort it out.” Ellen replied, herding the two young ladies toward the door. “And please leave the biscuits be, would you? Dean’s got them under control, and Cas can help if he needs it.”
We spent the day exploring Traverse City, which is a lovely town in its own right. But our day was interrupted just after noon by a call from Bela’s cousin, who was apparently also in the area, and offered to take us out to lunch.
Cas nodded, wondering if she had any clue how deeply he agreed with that particular sentiment. Then he bit the bullet and asked the million-dollar question. “Are Lisa and Dean already here, then?”
“Excuse me,” Dean shot at her, mock-offended, “what do you think I am, an amateur? It’s a family cookout. Of course I brought my guitar.”
“I mean, she raised us,” he pointed out, digging pajamas from his suitcase as he spoke. “She's come to expect it.”
Dean started to babble, shaking his head in desperation. “NO, Mom, that’s—it’s not—of course I’m not—“
But when he checks again a few hours later, Dean is, in fact, on the front lawn in the dimming colors of the early evening light. And he is not alone.
And I suppose I’ve been dancing around the truth of this, haven’t I? The fact is, I was hurt on Sunday evening. My classmates all welcomed people they loved to our commencement ceremony— even Krissy, who invited up some college friends. And while there were people there that I knew, people who were proud of my accomplishments, none of them had come for me, specifically. Dean came to support his cousin, and Balthazar was there for Meg, and there was no one I could claim solely for myself.
“That’s because it’s in my car, genius,” Dean rebutted, thoroughly enjoying himself. Addy had passed out in his lap, apparently so exhausted that Dean didn’t even need to keep his voice down as he bantered with the others.
An answer didn’t occur to me until after I was settled back at The Garden, in the end. Not wanting to ruin the trip, I had put this tiny concern to the side of my mind during my time in East Jordan so I could relax and enjoy the casual atmosphere. But I pulled out the mental file when I got back to the Estate. I can’t really abide not understanding how I feel, if you haven’t noticed. I suppose I’m something of a chronic analyzer. But perhaps that comes with the trade.
I’m sure you’re at least marginally curious about my vacation, so let’s get that out of the way first, shall we?
Cas took a deep breath, aiming for as much positivity as his cynical mind could muster, and settled. He began to sing along.
Castiel doesn’t let himself stare at Dean’s house much over the ensuing week. He’s trying to get into at least some kind of domestic routine, if only as a balm to his mental health, so he spends as much time as possible just reading or writing or brushing Bela (when she will allow such intrusions). He does go out to walk the neighborhood occasionally, but sticks to his side of the street as he comes and goes, and Dean is not on the lawn at any of these times.
(oh, so liberating) was uninterested in tracking my literary education long enough to control it, I quickly gravitated toward those texts I had expected to find forbidden. Whether fantastical or questionable or outright banned books, I inhaled all of it in the moments I could carve out between homework and housework, and my world expanded exponentially with every page. Even stories set in the mundanity of any given “now” gave me such a newness to explore. I was acquainted with so few people (and knew even fewer) that having a guide through any new experience led my mind into previously unimagined galaxies without fail. It was, truly, my first taste of the world. Of humanity. Of magic.
“But even without any of that,” Dean continued, “we always had this… bond. It was easy and comforting and domestic in its way, sure. But there was also this extra level of excitement to share things with each other, because we knew the excitement would be really mutual. Passion, in its way. It was never like any other relationship in my life, romantic or otherwise.” He furrowed his brow. “At least that’s how I’ve always felt.”
“Uh huh,” Cas agreed, raising an eyebrow. “And either Ellen or Bobby will be washing these sheets in the morning.”
Warmed as always to be considered an honorary Winchester, Cas tenderly replied, “She’s pretty great, Aunt Mary. I like her quite a lot.”
A phone began to ring. It was nearby, apparently in Dean’s pocket, judging by the jerk of his hip at the sudden vibration. They broke apart with a chuckle, but Dean didn’t let go of Castiel as he pulled out the phone angrily to toss it aside. But then—
“That,” Dean tells him, leaning down to catch the gaze of those fathomless eyes, “was for leaving without letting me fucking talk.”
“I have no clue what that means, but it definitely sounds intriguing,” Dean replied. “Any chance you’d be able to point me toward a cheap place to crash up there in the Frozen North, Cas?”
“You sure? Some water? I could use some water…” Dean’s expression had descended into something manic now, and Castiel changed tack out of concern.
In the silence that followed this exchange, Castiel opted to sit. Much better to run though all the dumb things he likely wrote to Dean while sitting, eh? Seemed like a safer bet.
John’s father, Henry Winchester, was apparently quite wealthy, coming from a branch of the same tree Bela calls home and then rising to be a well-respected man in his own right, and a professor at the University of Michigan. No one here seems to know much about what, precisely, happened next, but John and Henry are said to have fallen into a massive argument just after Mary’s funeral, and John ran off with his boys in tow, vowing never to speak to his father again.
“I think it’ll be more than a couple,” Cas interjected, wincing. “I mean, I gather you’re planning to lie to everyone’s faces all weekend to keep this a secret? Ellen’s not gonna take kindly to that. Nor are Charlie and Jo.”
An unexpected turn, no? That I should come across yet another group of Michiganders who consider my new acquaintance Mr. Winchester to be a kind of family? Well, that appears to be exactly what has transpired, and to add to the irony, I’m learning even more about him here at the Roadhouse than I did when we were face to face.
Mary threw up her hands. “I swear. If he throws his damn back out again over an extra $30 a night, I will wring his neck.”
Dean shrugged uncomfortably. “I got a little jealous. I do that sometimes, I guess. And then I bailed. I do that too, honestly.”
“I guess, but…” Dean turned back into the night, looking stricken. “You didn’t do it because of a lover, you know? When you were with Balthazar, it didn’t change anything about how you kept up with us. I just feel like a stereotypical sell out: I went chasing after a girl and forgot my family.
“It’s okay,” Cas replied, slightly baffled by the earnest apology in Dean’s tone. At a loss, he opted for sarcasm. “I guess. I mean, you have all weekend to make up for it.”
“I didn’t have much to go on,” Castiel replied, frustrated. He could tell that Dean was deliberately missing the point now. “I couldn’t exactly Google ‘Michael Smith’ and expect to gain any kind of clarity.”
Dean looked so baffled it was almost funny. But there was hope finally stirring in his eye, and it warmed Castiel to see it. “Still? Even…now”
(Ah, and I should probably specify, in case you are unaware, that all the instructors here have insisted we eliminate honorifics and formalities when referring to or about them. I promise my uses of single names is not intended with disrespect; it is an act of obedience.)
Of all the contingencies Cas had prepared for this weekend, the possibility that Dean would be here alone had never occurred to him. He blinked at Mary and did his best not to sound unduly flustered.
“I’m not actually familiar with that establishment,” Cas confesses, causing Dean to raise his eyebrows in surprise. “But if they offer a bacon cheeseburger of some kind, I’ll have one of those.”
With a squint, he confirms Dean is driving the car, and he has just enough time to offer a wave in response before Dean is forced to speed back up to avoid impeding traffic. Castiel watches the car turn the corner before continuing down the block.
“Congratulations,” he replied, bending slightly closer to her level. “And what is your true name, Mistress Flower Girl?”
My apologies for the slight delay with this letter— I had to take a bit of time to process some things before I could write to you about this particular vacation. There were several complex and seemingly contradictory feelings swirling around in my chest by the end of the break, and even I, a supposed wordsmith, couldn’t immediately articulate the how and the why of it all. Perhaps I still can’t, really— I certainly don’t have real, tangible answers. But I’m hoping the attempt to put this down in a letter to you will bring some clarity to my own heart.
The silence was, naturally, even worse. In the absence of music came a ghost of that same haunting melody, richly accompanied by dangerous memories. Memories of summers at the lake and walks home from school and Christmas evenings in the Winchesters’ basement. All complete with Dean’s encouraging smile, his inviting eyes bright with excitement and affection. And, then, when the memories began to contain Lisa, well…Cas hated that he honestly liked her, because he envied her so deeply it physically hurt sometimes. Needless to say, it had felt like a blessing when he had missed seeing Dean and Lisa during his last visit home this Christmas. Much to his own guilt, Cas had found Christmas even more enjoyable in their absence, happily spending lazy afternoons with his family without the nagging awareness of Dean and Lisa pulling his focus. They had come up at New Year’s, apparently, but he had conveniently gone back home by then.
“Damn right,” Dean agrees. “Han Solo is the shit.” Then he stands and stretches his back. When he turns back to Castiel, his gaze has a whole new heat behind it. “You want a beer?”
So, Chuck (as he prefers to be called) finished his first series, and invited some old school friends up to the estate for a writing workshop that snowballed into the intensive 1-year graduate level program we have today. Two of those friends from the original workshop, Professors Fergus Crowley and Cain Mullen, now work here full time, and Professor Pamela Barnes just signed on a few years ago. She’s quite fiery, and I must say it is highly entertaining to watch her direct her own mix of teasing, sass, and badass-ery at the male instructors across the dinner table.
There was a stunned silence at their little table. Dean was rarely so overtly bitter, especially around his mother.
The neighborhood was by no means silent, but compared to the chaotic Friday afternoon campus he had just driven through it felt positively suburban. And if he sat in this car too long staring at the house, someone would eventually notice. He had to make the call, one way or another.
A/N: hello guys, first off I wanna say thank you so much for reading it means a lot to me. Second I would like to say that I will be writing this fic mainly from Dean's prospective but there will be times that I switch to Cas' just because it'll keep the emotion alive and we will get to see the things Cas is feeling as well. This chapter is going to be in the prospective of Cas. Thanks for reading xx
"Well technically, we live here, but this is a sanctuary Dean....for children abandoned by their families...." she trailed off her words as Dean's expression changed and he began crying. She felt the pain deeply of the child in front of her. She leaned forward, extending her arms toward him, and without hesitation Dean jumped into her arms, his body shaking as he sobbed into her embrace.
Dean sighed heavily, rubbed his hand across his mouth and shook his head, "you know what? Just keep it." Dean turned away from Cas' and walked out the front door, Cas watching in surprise as he watched Dean leave.
Dean cried for what seemed like hours, falling asleep some time between, only waking when a light knock came to his door. He jolted awake, taking a few moments to recollect where he was before slowly climbing off the bed to open the door.
Sighing heavily Dean got up and grabbed his bag, he needed to find something decent to wear out, surely he couldn't look like a complete slut, he was going out with Cas and that actually meant more to him than he liked to admit. Dean slumped his shoulders and leaned over the dresser on his elbows
He would be ready when the time came however, for when he needed to expel Lucifer, in fact he was saving his strength for that very moment; but until then Castiel would remain in his solitude awaiting his time. He could feel the vessel moving but had become so used to what was happening that he paid no mind anymore. So when Lucifer finally made contact with Dean, Castiel was completely oblivious, just sulking about inside the vessel like a small child
Castiel looked deep into the eyes of Lucifer, fear starting deep in his chest threatening to rip through his throat, as he tries to remain calm. He keeps his eyes locked to the Prince, knowing full well that he's either going to live or die. He knew what he needed to do, the fate of the world depended upon his sacrifice. Suddenly Lucifer begins to emit a blinding white light as Rowena prepared to send him back to the cage from whence he came. Castiel must choose quickly before he disappears, so he said the one word that changed his life forever.
"Get out of my house Castiel. You are no longer my child. You're no longer a member of this family." Castiel looked up at his dad with a look of hurt in his eyes, and the tears fell instantly down his cheeks.
After their food came, and they had completely filled themselves with food, Cas and Dean lay side by side on the couch, with Dean resting his head against Cas' shoulder, "why didn't you just go straight to the client, Dean?" Cas reached his hand down gently caressing Dean's fingers as he spoke and he felt Dean take a breath, "honestly Cas, I needed to see if what I was feeling was real." Cas felt Dean shake softly in his arms, then he heard small chuckle escaping Dean, "and?" Cas kept his breathing stable even as his heart had begun beating heavy in his chest." Dean laced his fingers with Cas' and pushed himself up so that he could look at him, "they are real, and the reality of it scares me because I've never felt anything like this before."
Cas sighed heavily as he reached into his closet, touching the fabric of the shirt, he was sure it still had Ash's scent on it. Pulling it from the hanger, Cas stepped back until he was sat on the bed, clutching the shirt against his chest with his nose pressed against it,
And Gabriel did just that, taking his younger brother far from the reaches of their father, never to show himself or Cas anywhere near the house.
Dean looked so beautiful beneath Cas, even being a whining pile of moans, Cas enjoyed the sight, "you look a wreck Dean." The words escaped Cas' mouth as a growl as he finally reached his climax, releasing inside of Dean, the sudden release forcing  the cum to gush from Dean's hole. Dean allowed himself to relax after his own release, relaxing his arms from their previous state of gripping the bedding in his fists. Dean propped himself up on his elbows, Cas hadn't moved from being inside of him, but he leaned down cupping Dean's face in his hands as he looked into his eyes, "thank you for this Dean." he gently brushed his lips against Dean's, the skin of his lips tender from when Dean sucked his lips so hard as Cas pounded into him.
Debating whether or not he wanted to do a live cam show or not, Dean pulled his shirt up over his head discarding it to the floor. He sat down on the bed, laying back with his arms extended to the sides as he exhaled a large sigh. Suddenly he heard a ding on his laptop, a sound he had grown used to now since he became a sex worker. It was a last resort really, his choice, because he had exhausted all other forms of work due to his shit attitude and constant narcissistic personality. But Dean didn't care, he had the luxury of sex whenever he wanted. All he had to do was post an ad and people would be lining up to do him, for a price of course.
Once he made it back to the motel, after he parked his car, he walked to the door,  grabbed the keys from his pocket and started to unlock the door.
Cas pulled back from Dean caressing his cheek with the back of his hand, the man still panting as he looked into Cas' eyes, "no, Cas, thank you. I...I've never had that happen before." Cas slipped himself out of Dean, and he heard a slight gasp escape Dean, making him chuckle softly; he moved to the side of Dean laying flat on his back, Dean was still staring at the ceiling, his mind was completely blank, the only thing he could really think about was everything that just went down. "That....was.....amazing." Dean laughed out loud, turning his head to look at Cas, then shifted so that he was laying on his side his head propped up against his hand and elbow resting against the pillow.
Finally Dean became frustrated enough to move away from his laptop he needed food, not having eaten all day, so he left the screen up and went to grab food from the kitchenette. Conveniently the hotel room he scored was top notch, with a mini bar, kitchenette, and even a mini hot tub, which made it easy to entertain clients.
He'd spend countless amounts of time watching tv and humming to himself, all the while Lucifer strutted about in his vessel creating mayhem and destruction. If Castiel was completely honest, he actually thoroughly enjoyed not being in control. It meant no pain, no suffering at his own hands, he could be at peace in his mind.
Lucifer lets out a long breath, rolling his eyes and shudders, the chill running swiftly down his spine. "You alright Cas?" Dean placed his hand gently on his shoulder and Lucifer looks at him cocking his head to the side. Again, his heartbeat picked up and he could feel the sweat forming on the back of his neck. Without thinking, Lucifer reaches his hand up and gently caresses Dean's cheek. He could hear the low growl in his mind and he knew that Castiel was angry with him. Lucifer grinned and it slowly turned into a smirk as he moved his fingertips along Dean's lower lip.
, "so I'm just a stop on the way?" Dean took a deep breath, shrugging his shoulders, "Look I'm sorry Cas have a job I need to do...and I don't even know why I'm explaining myself to you." Normally Cas would have been angry by the way that Dean was speaking to him, but by this point the alcohol began taking its effect on him so he slapped his hand through the air as if he was shooing Dean, "well...then go on and do your job."
Cas had turned away slightly, in an attempt to hide the flush in his cheeks, "Cas is everything alright?" Turning back to face Dean, Cas gently bit his nail on his thumb then slowly dropped his hand to his side, "I'm perfectly fine Dean. I agree let's order something."
Stepping back on his left foot at those words, Dean's face falls. Sure he hadn't come with extremely high expectations -- hell he hadn't even wanted Cas to accept his apology -- yet somehow those 5 simple words were enough to stab him right in the chest. Maybe he deserved that, he
Smiling wickedly, Lucifer leans in,  as if he were going to kiss her but instead he reaches up he grabbing her chin. Peering into her eyes, which are full of desire, and one swift movement of his wrist he twists her head to the side breaking her neck. Her body falls limp to the floor and Lucifer looks up at Crowley.
Dean dropped to his knees so he was eye level to Cas, reaching out to place his hands on either side of his face, "I'll make it stop." Cas shifted his eyes to look at Dean, rose to his knees, and Dean pulled their bodies against each other, then connected their lips together. Cas gripped Dean's sides, gently biting down on his lower lip, causing Dean to open his mouth as he gasped. Taking it as an invitation, Cas slid his tongue into Dean's mouth, fisting Dean's shirt in his hands, as they embraced each other. In one swift movement, Dean pulled Cas from the floor pushing his back to the other wall, pulling his shirt up over his head. Cas gasped softly breaking their kiss momentarily, to pull Dean's shirt up over his head, tossing it carelessly to the floor.
Sure he could tell himself that it was nothing else, but he knew. He knew that there was only one thing he wanted right now and that was to make
Mary smiled softly at Dean but gestured toward the door, "be back no later than 6pm." Dean had already left the kitchen and went out the back door by then.
"You know," he steps forward toward Crowley, placing his hand roughly on his shoulder and pulling forward until his mouth is against the demon's ear "you caused this, I hope you realize that. Her death, it's on you, puppy." Lucifer grabs Crowley throwing him effortlessly across the room, the echo of his body hitting the wall fills the room.
Lucifer listened quietly for a few minutes, but nothing came through. He sighed softly rubbing his hand against his chin then the deep voice came through,
Once Dean was certain she was back in her office, he turned back to the door, pushed it open, and went inside throwing everything on the floor. He desperately needed a shower, he hadn't had one since the first night that he met Cas and frankly it made him feel disgusting. Dean had to be clean, especially in his line of work, being so filthy all the time wasn't sanitary. Sure some of his clients had that problem of not bathing, which he made a request that they do and posted it on his page for them all to see, but some never listened.
Cas was a mess when Dean up and left, he blamed himself for being too clingy and overbearing. But that changed when he decided to do his first broadcast, just to feel something, anything. Inexperienced as he was, his follower count grew increasingly large within the first month and it never stopped. A small town boy, who lost his husband, was all these sex hungry fiends needed to latch on and it was all downhill from there.
Cas picked up his glass, drinking it down in one go, no hesitation, which caused Dean to gasp softly, surprised that he would just shoot it like whiskey, "I'm a mess, Dean..." he shrugs his shoulders at Dean, who still hadn't drank his wine yet, "are you gonna drink that?" Dean glanced down at his glass, shook his head, then handed it to Cas, "no. Uh I am so sorry about that Cas, I honestly feel that I am the lucky one here." Cas shrugged after he drank the wine setting his cup down on his coffee table, "how is that?" Dean inched a little closer to Cas so that their legs were practically touching, "I am known the provide excellent services, call it a cure for a broken heart, if you will, but I think we can help each other." Cas narrowed his eyes, looking at Dean from the corner of his eye, "and what makes you think I need your help."
By this point everyone had discovered "Castiel" to be alive and thus Lucifer began imitating the angel. No one knew the truth, except he and Castiel so it wasn't difficult to fool them all.
Dean looked at Lucifer his eyes a deep green with little specks of yellow in them, "Cas?" Lucifer dropped his hand looking at Dean and shrugs his shoulders. "I'm fine." Dean's expression was deeply concerned but at the same time you could detect a slight enjoyment when Lucifer touched his cheek. Dean continued on and Lucifer was content with listening to him speak. As soon as Dean was finished talking, he stepped toward Lucifer with a seductive expression.
Dean turned the water on in the shower stepping into it, letting the water run down the front of his body, as he let his head fall back. He turned so the water was hitting his back leaning his head against the wall he couldn't stop the thoughts of Cas that invaded his mind,
. Starting up the car, Dean glanced at the front door and Cas was standing there, watching as he pulled away from the house. It was time for Dean to move on to the next town, this was too much, Dean Winchester doesn't date, he doesn't feel romantic feelings or any feelings, except maybe desire, but most definitely he doesn't care about anyone. Yes it was definitely time to move on to the next town, a place where Cas was not, so he went back to the motel, packed up his clothing and everything else he brought with him. He went and paid Bianca one last time and Dean Winchester was off on the road, to the next city where he would start completely over.
He sent the message and sat back resting his arm along the back of the couch, while holding his beer. It seemed like ages before the reply came but once it did, Cas was to the point.
Dean took a quick sharp breath, releasing his hold on Cas' wrists, taking a step back, then his expression turned into one of pure desire, "then do it." Cas smirked as he pushed off the wall, stripping out of his own pants as he stepped forward, shoving Dean against the wall by his shoulders, once against putting his lips against Dean's ear, "you asked for it." Cas stepped back from Dean, then gripped his wrist pulling him toward the end of the hallway and up the stairs. Dean glanced around the dark rooms as they passed them until Cas stopped in front of a door, pushing it open and pulling Dean inside, flipping the light on and turning to face Dean. Cas released his hold on Dean's wrists but quickly threw his arms around his neck pulling his body against Dean's, "so, $40 an hour? Extra for oral, for kinks you'll try anything?"
"No, Mary, it isn't. I caught that son of yours," her hand was shaking as she pointed her bony finger at the boy behind Mary, "with his hands all over my boy, they were kissing."
"Castiel?" The man smiled an evil smile shaking his head then spoke his voice a higher pitch that Crowley expected, "guess again." Realization hit and Crowley began backing slowly toward the wall, "Lucifer." Crowley quickly turned to see his mother stood behind him, her dress was slightly torn, possibly from falling over something while trying to escape.
The client gave Dean the time of 7:00 pm and also sent the address a few seconds after the message was received, which caught him completely off guard. Usually clients chose to meet up somewhere like a restaurant or somewhere public, none ever gave him a direct address; still Dean made a note of the address in his phone and one more message came through before the client signed off.
"Cas I'm so sorry, I had no idea....." Cas shrugged his shoulders as he shook his head, "please Dean, there isn't any way you could have known." Dean dropped his gaze away from Cas, how could he be so damn insensitive, "still it was wrong of me-" Cas held up his hand then he reached down to pop open the wine bottle, and Dean walked over to take his spot next to Cas on the couch. "I used to cook for him, he loved it, always a meal ready for him when he got home. He was a serviceman, in the Navy, and..." Cas' voice grew shaky as he poured them both a glass, picking Dean's up handing to him, "he didn't come home, not alive anyway." A tear fell down Cas' cheek and instinctively, Dean reached up to wipe it away, which he froze the second he touched Cas' skin, "I asked you here so that I could have that one last dinner, ya know?"
After she left the room, closing the door gently as she went, Dean curled up on the bed, and allowed himself to cry. He cried for the boy that loved secretly, until his mother walked in on him kissing his best friend in their underwear. He cried for his loss of family, although he was certain he could learn to love it here. But mostly, Dean cried for himself, the bravery he had in running from his own home, the strength he had not to give up completely.
Cas sighed softly, running his fingers through his hair, honestly this was not helping him at all. Every feeling that Dean helped him get rid of last night was back, only it hit him harder now. He had to find something to make himself feel better, something that will last, so he decided to get drunk. Yeah sure it was almost noon but Cas couldn't handle it, he didn't have a job, living off Ash's death benefits just as Ash wanted him to kept him living comfortably, but he had nothing else to occupy his time with.
Dean chuckled softly at Cas' comment, if he only knew what that comment meant, especially to someone like Dean. "Alright let me back up," Cas backed up more onto the sidewalk, then Dean started up his car, shifting it into reverse, as he placed his arm behind the back of the passenger seat, looking behind him so he could get in properly. Once he was in the driveway he turned off the car, took a deep breath, sneaking a glance at the man that was walking up the drive, before dropping his gaze.
Cas would be waking up right about now and Dean had parked in front of his house like some creep, waiting for him to come out. Maybe if he could explain himself in person Cas would understand, or maybe not and he came all this way for nothing. But he had to try, he needed to see that angel face one last time, even if Cas forgave him Dean wasn't sure that he would be down to have him around anymore. After all, he did just disappear for months without a word to Cas, not that the strapping young man gave him a second thought after the first two weeks anyway but it still meant something to him.
"I am so sorry that happened, Dean. If you would like you may stay here for a while, we could try to find other family of yours for you to stay with, the choice is yours."
. He hesitated before he clicked into the live, the announcement of his arrival appearing at the bottom of the screen.
"Hi, I'm Dean, we chatted about this meet up last night." Finally the client stepped out more pulling the door open wider, "right, uh please come in. Please take off your shoes."
Dean raised his eyebrow at the awkwardness but shook it off as he stepped into the house, the smell of food hitting his nose instantly,
As he ran, adrenaline pumped through his veins, making it so he didn’t actually feel the scar pull on his leg burning with every step. All he could think about were all of the things he still wanted to learn about Castiel, about how one night of looking up at the sky was nowhere near enough. How one stupid, way too soon drunk kiss was not enough. Not enough. He needed more.
On the contrary, Dean eyes the floor as if it was the most interesting thing in sight, and Castiel couldn't believe the words that came out of his mouth next.
he had to call Sam. It was just a matter of locating his phone… Dean searched the room to check where he’d left it, but it wasn’t anywhere obvious.
He tried to shake it off, that eerie feeling on the back of his neck that told him he wasn’t good enough for this, that he’d fail, that they were all putting their money on the wrong horse. That Cas was wrong to trust him to do this.
“Please?” Dean couldn’t give a fuck that he was pleading with an angel right now, all that mattered was his little brother. “He means everything to me.”
“You two are in tip-top fighting shape,” Rufus grunted at them. “You keep training, get your weapons here, not at the Echo Zone, and when the siren sounds report to me for further instructions. Now get the hell out of my sight.” He waved them off and before they could turn the corner, into the elevator, Rufus called out “And tell Jo she’s with me too, have her get her ass in here before the week’s out.”
Realization set in, slowly, like waves licking the sand, one after the other, until the tide covered it up completely. Castiel still saw him as an angel-hating hunter, as someone who saw
“And is no one going to question why are you in charge of our missions?” Joshua looked around the table at the different faces. He had never chosen Metatron as their leader, and he was sure the other angels felt the same way. Something had to be done, someone had to speak up.
“I wish you’d just talk to me, Dean.” Sam’s voice carried that same concerned tone that it often did, it made Dean want to punch him in the face.
Dean laughed it off, trying not to resent it. The elevator’s doors opened up and he was ecstatic with having gotten away with this. By the time he came back, who knew if things were still calm enough for him to have to explain anything at all.
“So you want me to leave you then?” Castiel’s tone held something that made him think the angel was messing with him, but just out of precaution he tightened his grip a little. He could feel Cas’s chest moving rapidly but soundless, and he realized that he was laughing. Dean thought of shooting him an unamused look, but there was no way he was gonna be able to look Cas in the eye when they were this close, he would lose whatever was left of his composure. He just looked straight ahead, over Castiel’s chest and his own arm draped over it.
Dean, who was nothing but selfless, brave, and kind, always trying to do the right thing, but a prisoner of his own mind, just as he was. At least that’s what Castiel had to keep telling himself, to keep his strong facade from crumbling down. He knew he
“But now,” Bobby dragged the last word out, “that I’ve thought this through, and come to terms with it, I can tell you I’m proud of you.” Bobby’s palm made a god-awful sound slapping against the back of his neck, and if Dean didn’t know it was well-intended, he’d have cursed. “Even if you’re still an idiot for screwing around with an angel,” Bobby mumbled under his breath as he turned away.
In fact, this whole idea was looking a whole lot like the worst idea since the invention of bras. But it wasn’t like he could just go back now. His heart raced when he felt the weight of Cas’s body pressing down on the mattress, enough to make it so that Dean felt his whole body sliding towards the middle of the bed. It probably wasn’t the ideal size for the two of them, but somehow they managed.
“Dean?” A ruffle of feathers behind him caught his attention. “Your call sounded very distressed, what’s going on?”
They spent a few more hours talking about anything to avoid the heavy subject in the air. Dean told Cas about his first hunt, the first time he’d actually gotten to kill a vampire on his own, and how he’d actually been scared shitless the entire time, and in return, Cas told him something about some of the places he’d visited in his missions - Dean asked about certain countries, in particular, ones he’d always wanted to visit, and Cas tried his best to paint a vivid picture for him, but Cas also offered some stories of places Dean didn’t even know existed.
“That sounds amazing,” Dean stated with a small smile, amazed at how right there in front of him sat a being who had all of that, and still sat at a burger joint outside Jefferson City. His brow furrowed just a second after “and lonely.” He ended up saying. He could relate. The feeling of peace, of being alone, no brother bickering, no father to boss him around, no walking on eggshells, afraid to disappoint him… But still, even when he got away, had some time to himself, he always inevitably ended up feeling some type of way, lonely.
He didn’t quite know what drove his sorry ass to do this, but he figured such a stunning amulet should rest in its rightful place, over Cas’s chest. So, that’s exactly what he did. He picked it up, and warily placed it over Cas’s heart, the tips of his fingers brushing against the skin accidentally. A bright, shining blue light scared him off -
“Who is to say?” Curt seemed lost in thought for a second. “But I know that the archangels are supposed to be most powerful, which if you ask me, is a load of crap. I mean, after all, you’ve got Michael looked away in your city’s little prison cell, now he can’t be all that powerful can he?”
Gabriel winked at his brother. “How about you open up to your big brother and then afterward we can figure out what that dick Metatron is up to.”
hurt, he’d taken worse beatings. Still, it felt nice, having someone else care for him, even if the noodles wouldn’t turn out as great.
“Have a seat,” Metatron stood as if he was looking out of a window, but there was nothing but blank walls -
but for the moment he allowed himself to hope this point in time was just what he was talking about. He would love nothing more than to leave it at that, to just fall asleep swayed by that little shimmer of hope that Cas could feel something for him.
“And I think you’re being a dumbass,” Bobby looked at him from his chair. “Don’t start putting yourself in unnecessary danger, wasn’t nearly dying last week enough of a thrill-ride for ya?”
“Will you be there?” This wasn’t amongst the hypothesis Gabriel had prepared him for, as usual, Dean Winchester was full of surprises.
“Thanks, man, I owe you one,” Dean patted his fellow hunter on the back, familiarly shuffling the keys to the training center in his hand.
Dean tried to sit up but winced as his leg warned him not to. Hot flashes of pain filled his memory and he had to try hard not to pass out again. He moved again, slower this time, trying to position himself a little more upright, and after a few hisses of pain and several whispered curses, he was able to do so.
"We have come to negotiate the freedom of our leader," One of the six, statue-like figures spoke first. Loud enough to be heard over the rustle of leaves and branches.
Bobby seemed to mutter something under his breath and Dean was partially grateful that he didn’t catch the exact words.
Castiel took a step back, turning to look out the window. There he stood, his back now turned to Dean and the hunter could feel he had reached his limit, he could feel him shift uncomfortably, wanting to tell him everything, but being conflicted in doing so, and with that, Dean could relate, he finally looked at Castiel with seeing eyes - they were both soldiers in a coming war, apparently on opposite sides, but every day defying orders, based on the trust they felt for each other.
An image of Castiel’s lifeless body flashed through his mind, his eyes shot open, immediately looking for him in the doorframe, but he was still there, still sitting on the floor of the old outpost cabin.
Castiel found himself surrounded by every shade of green imaginable. He stood in a forest thick with tall trees and a variety of plants and animals. Little beads of sweat started to cling to his skin immediately as the tropical climate engulfed him in a warm hug. The different climates on earth were something Castiel would probably never get used to. He could feel every little creature buzzing with life; birds, insects, and reptiles. The ground trembled every so often when a wild animal moved on the jungle floor. The air was filled with at least a thousand different smells that were each unique to plants and flowers. Castiel wondered why Uriel had summoned him here in the middle of a jungle. A flash of bright yellow caught his eye and the angel stepped closer to take a better look at a flower he had never seen before. It was strange, after so many years of roaming the earth, it was still able to hold so many little undiscovered secrets. The smell of the flower distinguished itself from the other scents around him, it was sweet, and yet it also had a distinctly unpleasant fragrance. Somehow he found himself leaning in even closer.
There were so many things on Dean’s mind, disorganized thoughts, the alcohol affecting his judgment, and every emotion just simmering under the surface, but the words of the angel stood out, cutting through his mind like a razor-sharp knife, ‘
The answer was simple, yet it could mean anything and for a second Dean regretted asking, because if sleep was fleeting before, it was now completely gone. His heart fluttered more than he’d care to admit, he couldn’t stop all the thoughts that came rushing in, all the things Castiel had just admitted he’d never shared with anyone before. And he was more than happy to be able to hide his blush in the dark.
Maybe Bobby and him were closer than he’d ever thought. Maybe his dad had told Bobby decades ago, and he just had a good memory. “Plus,” Bobby added as an afterthought, “it’s an island, so strategically speaking, that’s where I’d hide it.”
“What the-” Dean blinked rapidly, trying to figure out where he was. It took him a few seconds before his head stopped spinning and colorful spots stopped messing with his vision. He noticed his leg was throbbing like hell, he tried to move it, but to his surprise, he couldn’t. “What the-” he repeated.
“I will.” Dean squeezed his baby brother’s arm, not wanting to let the thought of it possibly being for the last time occupy his mind.
Not that there was anything wrong with appreciating the physical appearance of another man. Well, except for the fact that Cas wasn’t really a man, was he? Then it would make sense for Dean to be impressed by an angel, wouldn’t it? They were described as great celestial beings after all, and actually, it would just be rude not to appreciate their appearance and-
“Well can’t they be killed?” Dean was now fidgeting with one of the knives that were displayed on the wall.
“Son of a bitch,” he cursed as his left foot slipped off the lid and landed in a particular moist piece of trash. He hoisted himself onto the window sill and made sure to lower himself quietly. The rifle on his back caught on the window sill and Dean tried to untangle it but a loud thud made him stop dead in his tracks. He immediately grabbed ahold of his holy water while scanning the room for a possible enemy. There was no one in the room with him and there was complete silence again. Dean figured that either Bobby or Sam must have tripped over something. He was standing in what appeared to be an old office. There were old desks covered in dust and dirt. Some desks were still fully equipped with computers, notebooks, and organizer trays, others had spots of noticeably less dust on them. Someone had definitely been up here, but Dean was pretty sure demons hadn't been there to steal some goddamn office supplies. Whatever these assholes were up to, it couldn’t be good.
When Sam returned, freshly showered and put together, John gave him a duffel full of old books. Usually, they weren’t supposed to leave the library, but he guessed his dad could pretty much do whatever the hell he wanted anyway.
Sam took the joke and laughed it off. He really didn’t want to get into it with his brother, and for that Dean was grateful.
“You’re such a fucking hypocrite, you know that?” Dean was about to lose it, and even if his dad hadn’t decided where he was going with this yet, this had surely decided the course of the rest of the ‘conversation’.
“I-” Castiel closed his mouth again quickly like he changed his mind midway through talking. “If I were to tell you, there would be certain risks that even I wouldn’t be able to protect you from.”
Dean jumped at the knock on his car window but rolled it down. He silently cursed himself for taking so long to pick a song, which let’s be honest, was probably gonna be either ‘Ramble on’ or ‘Traveling Riverside Blues’ anyway.
“Right,” Dean said, feeling annoyed. He realized they were now standing only a few feet apart. This didn't make any sense, if this guy was an angel, why wasn't Dean dead by now?
John motioned for Dean to follow him up the stairs, leaving Sam in the narrow hallway. As they reached the attic Dean could feel the dust start to fill his lungs, clearly no one had been up here in a long time. There was just a single narrow window, but it was blocked off by stacked boxes, making it even harder to see a damn thing. Dean cursed as he walked into what appeared to be some old oil painting, the sharp edge of the frame digging into his shin.
So this was where they were at, Castiel thought, it remained a mystery to him how humans would always pretend certain events hadn’t occurred, just in order to keep things civil. It had always seemed ridiculous from the outside, but now, he just felt relieved they wouldn’t have to address it. Exactly as Castiel had thought, Dean had never wanted it to happen in the first place, and he was prepared to never speak of it again, even if the thought of doing so felt heavy in his stomach.
As he was falling asleep, a thought crossed his mind. For a moment he was worried that someone might have seen them out together, they hadn’t been exactly careful when they were prancing around town. If anyone were to mention it to John, he was done for.
Dean wanted to slap himself, or Cas, how could he be so damn blockheaded sometimes? Did he have to spell it out for him?  “Of course I trust you, Cas, it’s not
He was hyper-aware that neither of them was sleeping, just in a hazy and drowsy state of rest. There was nothing to say, nothing to ask, nothing that could be talked about in the dead of night that wouldn’t change
It was hard enough trying to keep his cool, all while his body just ached to be touched, but it was especially hard when the same guy who he knew didn’t want him, kept looking at him - Dean had decided not to look away first just a few seconds ago, not because he couldn’t, because he was sure he probably could, but to make him think he was completely over it. He didn’t think it was working all that well though, Castiel still seemed completely nonchalant about it, and Dean still felt like a hot mess near him.
Dean decided to just shake it off, getting up he grabbed the beers he’d brought and gave the place a last look around, in the back of his mind, still hoping the angel would show up any second now. He sighed, feeling perhaps more desolated than he would care to admit.
“Yeah, of course I do, someone has to look out for the kid.” Dean cleared his throat, talking about his family with Cas didn’t sit well with him, it went against his every instinct, and he could still hear John's voice, clean as a whistle.
He considered sleeping on the couch and offering Castiel the bed, but that seemed pointless. It was becoming quite ridiculous how much he needed the angel to be close to him, to keep him within his sight. It was turning into an unhealthy habit that he would need to kick rather sooner than later.  But for now, he was tired,
Castiel looked uncomfortable, Dean could tell by the way his eyes slightly narrowed, thinking to himself that the fact that he could tell was a sign that they’d been spending too much time together. Whether that was a good thing or a bad thing, he still wasn’t sure.
“I’m going to take us the closest I can, but it will be warded for sure. It won’t be enough to keep me out, or else no other angels could get to him, but it will be enough to weaken me. We’ll go the rest of the way by foot.”
“Hey,” Sam pushed Dean’s feet away. “I was actually trying to do some research, on the light source you saw.”
Both of them stood there panting, trying to predict what the other would do next, but neither of them moved towards the other again.
“I’m making you something to eat,” Castiel answered, now facing the items in the pantry. “I’ve seen it’s a common tradition amongst humans, utilizing food for comfort”
“My brother,” Castiel paused, “his name is Gabriel, you may have heard about him, he feels Metatron is behind the attack.”
“-yeah, not so much. It lands directly into it. Which means there is no way you can get out. To get in you’ll have to drop seven feet from the ceiling. And then you’re just stuck there with him.”
“I do not look like I’m constipated,” a poor defense on Castiel’s end had Dean laughing, and the sound filled Castiel whole, he would forever be amazed at how this one sound could uplift his mood, it was like Dean’s laugh physically pulled the corners of his mouth into a senseless smile.
Dean cleared his throat as the silence took over once again, with every second he felt more and more awkward. Cas opened his mouth to say something, at the exact same time he also decided to speak.
Castiel refused to answer, he looked to his feet, he knew where this was going, Metatron knew perfectly well he hadn’t gotten rid of anyone. A sudden fight or flight sensation set in him.
And so, he’d stood there, as Cas disappeared into thin air, way too aware of all things said, and worse yet, of all the things left unsaid.
“An old buddy of mine called, said there were some strange things happening near his garage in Pittsburg.”
Dean was used to being alone, it had never really bothered him, but as of recently, he felt lonely. He’d never felt so distant from his brother, from whom he’d never kept secrets before, and even his dad, with all his anger issues, had always been company Dean was glad to keep. But now, every second with them felt like something might slip, and every second spent alone, gave way to this empty, hollow feeling inside, and a longing for someone to be there, talking with him, and day after day, the someone he felt was missing, was beginning to be always the same one.
There was something off about the walk over to the bus station, and Dean couldn’t quite figure out why. Sure, lately he had gotten used to the convenience of being able to take his car to get to training in the Echo zone, but it sure wasn’t the lack of comfort that made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. Something eerie and unsettling hung over their heads, he just couldn’t name it, and of course, the falling rain plus the looming threat of John Winchester didn’t help. It was the only reason he had agreed to take the bus over baby, he didn’t want there to be any chance that his dad would think he wasn’t home again.
Dean felt extremely relieved that his dad hadn’t pressed the issue. He felt bad enough lying to Sam about what happened, he didn’t need more of this moral compass bullshit. Not that Sam had even bought his lies for one second, he wouldn’t stop asking about the details of what had happened. How it was possible that Dean’s leg was completely fine and how they managed to get away from the demon in the alley. Dean had put it down to luck, but that wasn’t gonna cut it forever.
“Last night you told me-,”  Dean cleared his throat, vomiting the words before he could think them through. “You said you wouldn’t mind, uhm-” he felt kind of ridiculous asking, but it was better than the risk of another
He looked back to his brother, who slowly started to regain consciousness. It didn’t surprise him when the angel disappeared not even a full second after that.
“They were waiting for anyone to show up for Gabriel, it was an ambush,” Cas stated, still as if trying to figure it out himself. “We fought, and I managed to elude them, but not before they got me. Then I flew here, and I guess that was enough to drain me out.” He sat up straighter, leaving Dean kneeling in front of him, hands still bloodied and brow still furrowed.
“Well, I’m afraid we would be here all night if I were to get into it.” Curt answered, but the disappointment must have been visible on Dean’s face, because he continued, “but I’m happy to answer any burning questions you may have.”
He wasn’t sure how long he kept doing it, holding the vial between them, as close to his own chest as he could without moving Cas, and mumbling Cas’s name over and over again.
“Welcome brothers and sisters, to another highly needed gathering.” Metatron’s voice silenced the voices around the table. His demeanor was overly dramatic, and the way he looked down, before looking up with every word, left the rest of them feeling uneasy.
“He wanted to know about the angel’s next attack,” Michael sighed “But as I told him, a few hundred times most probably, there is no next attack planned. We have no interest in mingling with humans, we haven't for decades. Well, at least not in any way that you need to be worried about.”
“Fuck, sorry, let me just-” He fished it out of his back pocket, annoyed at the interruption. “-Shit, it’s Sam, I have to take this, hold that thought.”
“You must think you have it all figured out, huh?” John spat at his son. “Your arrogance makes you weak, son. You have never been able to succeed on your own, you’re dependent and you can’t even stand the thought of being alone, that’s why you run away from your whole life here every chance you get, isn’t it? It’s why you turn your back on your own family, isn’t it?” John scoffed “Do you really think there’s any chance of a normal life for you out there? Can’t you see that every time you get close to anyone out there, you’re putting them in danger? And worse, you’re putting all of us in danger, don’t you care about this family?”
“I think you should sleep. We can leave in the morning.” Cas took a breath. Dean wasn’t sure if he was tired or taking in the smell of the pine trees around them. They were silent for some time. “The island of Chilóe is beautiful. I can understand why your parents chose it for their honeymoon.”
Because he couldn’t be. He couldn’t have died before Dean had had a chance to make him feel at least one more time before Dean could tease him, and flirt with him like he meant it, he couldn’t be gone because Dean just started realizing how much he enjoyed spending time with the angel. If he knew everything could be taken away from him in a swift moment, he would have stopped sulking weeks ago. He would have used the time to get to know everything there was to know about Cas.
It was unusual for angels to meet under a gazebo in Heaven’s gardens. However one would hardly find a place that was more discrete to discuss important matters. The colorful gardens filled with daffodils, bluebells, and hyacinths created an eternal season of spring. In the stream of water, rocks were as green as mountains and lilypads floated with grace. Tall weeping willows and cherry blossoms sheltered the area from prying eyes. Finding a more serene place in Heaven would be rather difficult. That was why Metatron chose this exact place to meet his brother, whom he considered his inferior.
Dean didn’t even try to argue because he knew he didn’t have a leg to stand on, he shrugged instead.
And she did. The bottle emptied into the glass, filling it until it was empty again and then he’d do it again. Dean let his anger boil just under the surface, drinking it away, thinking of what he’d say to the angel, how he’d make him confess. And his father… There was no way he could confront him without exposing himself, but he had no idea how he’d look him in the eyes after knowing what he did. How a man with such moral standards, supposedly, had tossed them all out of the window, giving the enemy all the ammo they needed to destroy his family? And for what? For intel on a war that always loomed, but never seemed to come?
The bed was cozy and warm and Dean wouldn’t want to leave it, but the blankets over him were getting him warm and flustered - or maybe it had something to do with the all but naked body beside him - so he pulled them down to his waist, just over the hem of his boxers. Of course, this meant he also pulled the blanket down off Cas's shoulders, revealing more skin than Dean’s half-hard morning wood could defy, immediately reacting to the image. Yet another reason for Dean to stay away from Cas, the last thing he wanted was for the angel to wake up and reach out for him, because if just the look of him, placid and serene, was doing this to him,
“What?” Dean had looked confused, and then realization draped across his face, and laughter erupted shyly “No, not you. Baby, my car -” He struggled to get the words out between laughs “I’ll drive you, dumbass”. Shaking his head in laughter, he tried not to look at Cas, letting him get all flustered and red -
“I guess,” Dean admitted sheepishly. The truth was that they didn’t know how lucky he truly had been. The last he remembered was a pack of werewolves chomping down on him like a goddamn happy meal. There was no way they decided to take pity on him and backed down.
Dean got home late that night from the bar. He had finally pried himself away from Ellen's burning stare with an excuse that he needed to check up on Sam, who was probably at home by himself right now. Dean knew perfectly well that Sam was safe and asleep by the time he got home. But he couldn't stand to listen to any more comments from hunters complaining about Bobby. They would talk about how he was becoming a delusional old man and that someone of his age should probably retire from being a hunter. But Dean couldn't disagree with them more, besides his dad, Bobby was one of the most skilled hunters Dean had ever seen.
As always, the biggest shout out to my grandma in crime Fred, who has been supporting me and helping me write this fic. Go show her some love on
For a while, they just stared out of the cabin’s porch, over the forest. Dean’s hand rested on the wooden structure that separated them from falling over a story down. Cas’s left hand was just half an inch away, and Dean just stared. His mind wandered to the night before, just some hours ago, they had slept intertwined, so close, and now the distance between their fingers seemed impossible to close.
“Yeah that makes sense with why they can’t find it, and with what I’m about to tell you.” Dean raised his eyebrows before he told Cas about Curt. When he was done explaining the whole thing, which involved telling him he’d told Sam and Jo, he got a text. He opened it and the bastard’s ugly mug was staring right at him, mocking him. “Here. Do you know him?” He showed the picture to Cas.
A guy passed by them, before Dean could defend himself, stopping short right in front of them, cutting them off.
“Of course I do, she’s family,” Dean said as he physically wiped away the sweat on his forehead, that conversation with Jo was not gonna go well for him later.
“I knew the guy was shady. And they told me I’m getting old. Now who’s laughing?” Bobby said, with the straightest face possible. “
The bartender stood nearby, obviously eavesdropping on the conversation, not even trying to hide it. She eyed Dean up and down and smirked at him, and he was sure she was flirting. He looked at Sam, his face saying it all -
. “So I don’t know how this works, or if this even works, but I figured I would try to talk to you through praying?” It was more a question aimed at himself than Cas, who obviously couldn’t answer. “So, here goes nothing” He cleared his throat
“I was just about to head to The Roadhouse, it’s our local bar, you can tag along if you want?” Dean knew there wasn’t really a logical explanation for inviting a complete stranger to a bar, but then again, this guy had just helped him get away from his dad,
The bartender apologized, and Dean looked at Castiel from the corner of his eye, trying to check if the angel looked anywhere as self-conscious as he did. He didn’t. Castiel looked completely unphased by this awkward interaction, eyes slightly squinting as if trying to understand the social dynamics at play.
Thank you for reading yet another chapter of this fic! Honestly, it's amazing if you've stuck around this long, or if you're new; welcome! Things are getting quite intense over in the city, what do you think will happen next? Please predict away in the comments!
“Hello to you, too” She greeted, rolling her eyes at him. Dean’s scowl only deepened, staring at Sam.
“Of course this was in the first year of the 17th century, so much has changed since” Cas concluded his exposition on the fishing markets and city life in some coastal town in Africa Dean had never heard of before and would have trouble pronouncing. He drank every word Cas poured, and as he felt the time tick by, he made a mental note to bring this topic up again, hearing Cas talk about all of this, was like a book he couldn’t drop, adventure and travel all wrapped into one.
Before Dean could take a step back though, Cas started standing up, foam still covering most of him.
Dean glanced around to make sure baby was safe in the small parking lot at the side of the road, and then they made their way to the town.
“Are you okay?” Castiel bent his knees over him on the ground, extending a helpful hand for Dean to grab onto. He looked him over and saw his foot caught between a risen root and the dirt beneath it, twisted in a direction Castiel was sure was not the correct one, anatomically speaking.
The asphalt felt unwelcoming, freezing the bottom of his jeans where he sat. It was a cold December night, but he couldn’t move.
“Then who is behind all this? I’m sure you have your suspicions,” A silence filled the room. Michael didn’t move a single muscle, there was nothing to tell Dean he’d even acknowledged his question. Why was Michael telling him all this, if he didn’t want him to know? What did Cas mean that Dean would have to decide? If Michael wasn’t the big bad they’d thought he was, who was? What was his role in all of this? The questions piled up, and there were little to no answers. “Answer me, god damn it.”
“You see this?” Sam pointed to a straight line on the blueprint. Dean followed his finger. “This is the air vent that’ll get you in. It lands directly into the box.”
“Dean-” Cas interrupted him, but Dean just had to get it out because if he didn’t say it now he didn’t know if he would ever find the courage.
“You ever had homemade pancakes before?” Dean asked, he knew the angel probably hadn’t, and there went another check on his list of firsts he could give Cas.
A long moment of silence passed the time, and Dean found himself wondering if Castiel had fallen asleep. The angel’s eyes had fallen closed minutes ago, and his breathing had become slower. Dean however, felt wide awake and chances of falling asleep anytime soon were slim. His mind was going over the last few days, it didn’t seem real, every time he did something, said something, he expected Cas to pull away, to be colder, like the night he’d kissed him - but he never did. Cas’s reactions were
“I didn’t-” He didn’t want him to feel like he was putting Cas above him, but he also didn’t want to admit that Cas was the one who told
“Do you think angels are capable of any form of human emotion?” He had no idea where this question had come from, it wasn’t at all the one he’d meant to ask - he’d always wanted to know about weapons and history, and not waste his chance by asking some stupid question to this dude he’d just met.
“Dad,” he greeted back, shoulders already tensing up. “Glad you’re home for once,” he decided that if this was about to go down anyway, he might as well get some things off his chest.
They made it outside without encountering any other demons. Sam and Bobby were busy arguing about how the demons would have known they were coming. But Dean wasn’t paying any attention to them, he was too distracted by his own thoughts. He had just seen it out of the corner of his eye and hell, he wasn’t even sure if he had imagined it or not, but his gut was telling him to go back and check.
The door to the hallway was ajar, Dean made his way to it steadily. Making sure not to let anyone know he was there. The hallway turned out to be empty. He opened the door leading to the staircase when another loud thud caught his attention. The sound seemed to be coming from his floor. He turned around to look for the source when a blow to his stomach sent him flying backward. His back collided with the nearest wall causing him to gasp for air. He reached into the pocket of his coat for the flask of holy water. He stood up, readying himself for the next attack but his leg gave a warning stab of sharp pain.
His wings were pitch black against the moonlit sky, but at the same time, they seemed to radiate as every individual feather seemed to reflect the colors of the lake, as if they were made out of tiny rainbows - Dean thought they looked exactly like the color of asphalt after it rains. It used to amaze him how black could turn into so many colors, until Sam had to ruin it and explain how the light refracted and scienced his amazement away. But this so much more magnificent, he felt as if he was looking at something he wasn’t supposed to, like the beauty of these wings was something he’d have to keep forever, just his. It almost felt divine, and in a way, he guessed it kind of was.
“You should, uh, talk to your...friend.” Bobby advised him, choking a little on the appropriate term for the creature he thought was his enemy not an hour and a half ago, “Maybe he can get you both there, and quickly. Things aren’t going to hold out much longer here. Barnes is eager to go to war, and your dad ain’t helping the matters.”
“Cas, lookout-” and before he could finish his warning, Cas was struggling, another angel’s elbow around his throat.
“And why don’t I believe you right now?” Dean said through gritted teeth. He knew there was no way that Michael was making all of this up right now, he knew Dean’s name
Please feel free to send me a message on Tumblr, I would love to hear more about the people reading this fic.
Dean got to the door of the car, and threw himself in, closing the door behind him, putting as many walls between him and John as physically possible. He had to breathe, but he also needed to get the gear in drive and just
Some part of him wanted to resent Michael for sending him on that mission all those years ago, but the truth was, he had no one to blame but himself. It wasn’t Michael’s fault that he had gotten himself too close to humans, it wasn’t Michael who pushed him to heal that soon-to-be hunter, all these years ago, and it certainly wasn’t Michael who’d ordered him to save that same hunter day in and day out, since that night.
A set of stairs appeared almost beneath his feet. Dean made his way down, in the dark. At the end of the stairs, a small hall was equipped with all the interrogation device essentials one could ever need, laid out on a table, and all sorts of medieval torture-looking instruments in shelves, decorating the space. In the furthest wall, an iron door was inscribed with angel warding and a small, head-length, sliding wicket.
Well, that was new. He couldn't remember the last time his dad asked him if he’d eaten. Dean told him that there was still pasta on the fridge that he could heat up, and made his way over to the fridge while John stretched out to take plates from the cabinet above the stove.
There was that impatient tone again. Castiel had cut him off for the second time, man, this guy didn't have a shred of patience. Dean contemplated peeking, but somehow he had the feeling the angel would be able to tell.
“Huh, guess your leader has more style than I gave him credit for,” Dean smirked as he read the neon sign above the club. “Alright, The Shady Lady, now this is a case I can get behind.”
Dean’s heart sank. He didn’t want Cas to leave, and more so, he didn’t want Cas to be sent off to some mysterious mission, especially not with the negotiation going on later that night. He didn’t want to picture Cas standing across the hunters, he didn’t want to picture him talking to commander Barnes or his dad, he didn’t want to picture what would happen if either one of them stepped out of line and - No he wouldn’t let himself think the worst, even if the angels did attack, Cas would never kill them just out of spite, or at least that’s what he had to tell himself.
The way they had been chased, and attacked, the way Cas seemed more than eager to let himself get killed, the way Dean had blurted out the one thing he’d never thought he would even feel, let alone yell at someone as they ran for their lives… Yeah, this whole day had been difficult, but letting Cas go, after all that, had been harder.
When he got to her house, he rang the doorbell twice, letting her know it was him. He waited, fidgeting with the hem of his shirt, worrying if she’d already told anyone what she saw.
“Castiel,” Dean called out into the cold air. Calling out a name to someone who wasn’t even within sight would never feel normal. Dean shivered as the wind brushed his shoulders, he should have brought a coat.
Dean’s arm reached blindly across the wall, searching for a towel, his eyes looking up at the ceiling, very focused on
More than once he drifted off, being only awoken by Sam or Bobby shouting at the men in the Tv to ‘stop being an idiot’. It was a cold night outside since it was December, but luckily Bobby kept the place quite warm with the fireplace and a bunch of fleece blankets. Every time Dean managed to doze off, he woke up to the sound of their voices, and as they watched and talked and laughed, the memory of his dad’s rage this morning left a bitter taste in the back of his mouth. When he was a kid, he’d often feel this way, being at Bobby’s, silently wishing this was his life, and this was his home. It was the same feeling now, and even though Dean didn’t really think the words, he knew they were there.
right, like freeing the archangel who can help end this!” Cas’s voice was urgent now as if begging for Dean to understand, but he didn’t. He couldn’t. “I’ve rebelled for this, Dean, I can’t go back! If we can’t pull this off, I’m as good as dead.”
The door made an awful screeching sound as he pushed his shoulder against it. Inside, Dean would never get tired of the view - an empty gym, completely equipped, top of the art machinery and shiny new weights lined the foot of the wall. This part of the training center was relatively new, a few months back it had been entirely renovated and it was kept glistening, because it was the little ones' job to clean it, something about teaching them discipline and chores. Hell, Dean thought it was a great idea, but was happy they didn’t get to cleaning till after their own training was done.
mowed the lawn outside, went to the cabin to check for a note from Cas, and came back. “Why don’t you join me in training? Might help keep your mind off things.”
“Dean..” He tried, hoping that the simple mention of his name would remind him of who he was, and that he didn’t want this, that he should just tell him to go. Even though he thought this had to happen, he couldn’t do more than just wait, wait for a reaction that never came - instead, Dean’s expression turned serious, and just when Castiel thought he was about to send him on his way, he felt the calloused hands tighten the grip on his shirt, and he knew he was done for.
“Yeah like I need Sam to tell me anything.” Jo elbowed him playfully. “When I bumped into you guys he was totally wearing your clothes. Plus, you never did convince me when you said he
“To get rid of the Winchesters,”  He finally answered, as Metatron seemed to be impatient, and now that the thought had crossed his mind, he had a feeling he had to be more careful around Metatron. “So they would not interfere with your plan for the city,” he added.
“Sorry Sammy, but hey, at least it wasn’t a long list to go down.” He chuckled, but something told him Sam didn’t think it was that funny. “I’m okay, I promise”
“I need to get to the command center, and I need you to cover for me-” He started before Sam interrupted him almost immediately.
“I know why I thought I remembered the smell,” he turned his attention to Dean, speaking faster than Dean could process it, obviously. “The sweet smell in the warehouse-”
Leaving Cas, with no real reassurance that he’d even see him again had been the hardest thing Dean had done to date. You’d think it was something else, something bloody and difficult to kill. Or one of the many times he’d nearly died, or one of the few where he’d managed to save Sam or John’s asses on some hunt gone wrong.
They waited for all the men to walk inside the warehouse and moved stealthily across the street, Dean holding his gun out in front of them as Castiel let him lead the way. Only with Dean did he feel he didn’t need to lead, that it was okay to let someone else take charge, it was a pleasant change from what he was used to in Heaven, where eyes were on him at all times, always waiting for orders, and all the responsibility of whatever the outcome rested on his shoulders.
“I don’t care that we’re being attacked, I don’t even care that I almost died trying to save your ass back there. The reason why I’m so angry is because you’re so desperate to throw yourself in harm’s way!”
He knew what it looked like, a very conspicuous blue, shimmering, light, that could be held in a necklace or something of the sorts. So he just had to get it, and get it back to him.
Dean wriggled his fingers nervously. He couldn’t get Jo’s voice out of his head, he went over their conversation multiple times. Why would she think Cas was anything but a friend, or a fellow hunter? Was it the way they talked? The way they walked? The way Dean looked at him? His mind wandered to thoughts of Castiel, and after a few moments an unsettling feeling set on the low of his back -
Apparently, the closest Cas managed, was still a heck of a long way from where Gabriel was being held. Cas had told him they were deep in the Smoky Mountains terrain, and that they were looking for a cave. Other than that, he could only say he would
Dean waited at the register for quite a few minutes after he had paid. He had been busy picking at the jar of free candy on the counter. Either Sam was watching porn on the toilet or he was in some sort of trouble, knowing his little brother better than anyone Dean definitely guessed the latter. He made his way over to the restroom, thanking his lucky stars for keeping the demon knife on him. He was on his way to the restroom when he noticed that the restaurant’s backdoor was slightly open, sounds of struggle came from the alley behind it.
Gabriel sometimes opened his eyes wide in acknowledgment of their presence, and Dean could see the shine of the tears that trickled down his stubbled cheeks, but he pretended not to notice.
“I’m not going anywhere.” He added, sending a wave of warmth through Dean, like someone stepping on his heart with fuzzy socks. And he couldn’t really argue with the fact that he needed to sleep, that much was obvious. He looked around, eyeing the bed in the only room, not really wanting to move all the way there, and moving further from Cas.
Dean walked down to his car, he heard Sam close the front door behind him. They were headed to the garage in Pittsburg where Bobby’s friend reported the case.
when they were getting closer. Which for Dean, meant walking around aimlessly, until Cas drew sudden U-turns, and heading another way.
had he been in full control of his capacities, he knew exactly how Dean felt about angels, and worse, what he really must think of him.
“Shh,” Dean hushed him immediately, “don’t try to speak.” He looked around for something to help stop the bleeding, but there was nothing close enough for him to reach without letting go of Cas, and that was not happening. “I got you, I got you,” In a quick decision-making process, Dean decided his shirt could very well be ruined. He squirmed off it, with the help of the hand that wasn’t holding Cas’s skin together, switching hands for a second, when it needed to slide off his busy hand.
Cas looked at him, warily, something unspoken hanging in the air between them. The peril of their venture to free Gabriel wasn’t lost on Dean, but it wasn’t enough to make him back down. He was done worrying about Cas, whether he was hurt or bleeding if he even was alive somewhere on the planet. From now on, Dean would be right there, making sure Cas wouldn’t die on him.
“What happened? Are you okay? Are you in trouble?” The questions just kept coming, one after the other, like Sam was hoping to drown Dean in them, as if that would make him somehow stop and answer. “Dean, for fuck’s sake if you don’t answer me, right now, I’m waking dad up.”
“These are very good,” Cas said in between bites of his burger. His eyes closed as to savor the taste of the burger and Dean found it hard to look away from the sight in front of him. With the next bite, a moan escaped Castiel’s lips and it sent hot shivers down Dean’s spine, almost immediately reaching his groin.
The words made sense in his brain, nevertheless, the one who stated them was the cause of dismissal. Dean didn’t trust Michael as far as he could throw him. All he knew was that he needed to get the hell out of there, before falling prey to this brainwashing, before he accepted the one thing he knew was the ultimate betrayal of his people.
When Metatron rose to power and gave him orders to get rid of the Winchesters he’d felt bothered by the order, in the years that he’d watched over the city, he had grown fond of these humans, and the idea of getting rid of them didn’t sit right with him. Had he saved the hunter’s life, just to take it away again?
The garage wasn’t much more than two petrol pumps and a small workshop. Sam and Dean walked past the petrol pumps and an old Suzuki-model that looked like it had been there for years.
Sam nodded along, most likely still overwhelmed with the information. Dean patted him on the shoulder and gave him a head sign to get out of the car. Time was running out.
The wound on his leg was throbbing painfully, but Dean’s mind was elsewhere. All this time he had wondered if the memory of his fall was just something his imagination came up with. That if he would have told his dad, John would have said Dean was just asking for attention. Of course, he never told his father, because he was afraid that he would accuse Dean of lying or maybe even worse, of not killing whatever was there with him that night. But this time there was no hiding his luck. Sooner or later his dad would find out that Dean didn’t kill any of the werewolves that had attacked him tonight. At that moment he didn’t know what he feared most, whatever the hell had saved him twice or his dad.
“No, he hasn’t been home a whole lot since you left, either.” Sam’s brow furrowed and Dean knew something was brewing, Sam had probably already figured that out too judging by the grimace on his face.
Dean took a long drink from his beer while rain fell softly onto the porch roof. October’s chill was making him grateful for the alcohol in his system. Sam had repeatedly asked him to come inside. But despite the living room being warm because of the lit fireplace, Dean preferred the crisp outside breeze. Every now and then he caught a whiff of pines mixed with rain which weirdly enough always calmed him.
“Dad!” Dean stuffed his lockpick into the back of his jeans in record time. Oh, he was in deep shit and he knew it. “I was just trying to-”
“We should just free Michael right now, it is merely a matter of going down there and completely obliterating every pathetic little ant in that appalling city, our leader will finally be free again,” Inias yelled out, jumping up from his seat.
Dean just muttered a quick hello, and ran up to his bedroom, only to hear Sam follow him just seconds later. He grabbed the weapons that lay scattered around his room, knowing fully that they would probably be useless, but still, not really able to leave them behind. He tossed them in his backpack, along with an emergency first aid kit, and a small flask of Jack.
Dean woke up from the dream that had felt so real that he had to spend about half an hour pinching himself, just to be sure he was awake. He stared at the ceiling for so long that odd shapes and faces started to appear in the grains of the wooden ceiling.
He suddenly remembered overhearing Bobby talk about a possible meeting between the hunters and the angels, a so-called peaceful way to free Michael from the city and give the hunters something they wanted in return. The idea of a harmonious negotiation between the two was more ridiculous than the idea of Sam shaving his hair off.
"I think we'll pass," and before any of them could react he thrust the silver blade into the angel's chest with such force that the blade emerged on the other side. For a second, disbelief spread across the angel's face before it turned into an agonizing scream, a blue light emerged from its eyes and mouth before it fell to the ground, scorch marks in the shape of wings surrounding it.
“It is,” Dean answered, almost in a whisper, but he wasn’t talking about the sky. In fact, he’d given up on watching the stars, and instead focused on the way Cas’ eyes shimmered, even in the dark, when talking about his little stars. They were so blue, and seemed to reflect the light cast by the moon. The lines that surrounded them made him think of the angel’s age, and even though he looked no older than Dean, while he knew Cas was thousands of years old - and in this moment, he felt almost honored to be here, sharing this moment with him.
“Michael,” Dean greeted him, careful to look around to ensure no one was listening. The room was empty and silent, the only door to the corridor, behind him. Iron bars separated the hunter from the angel, who sat in a chair, in the middle of a sigil carved into the ground, filled with holy oil and set afire. The blue fire burned low to the ground, Dean supposed some sort of spell kept it alive.
“I’m not leaving him here.” was all Dean got, from Castiel’s gritted teeth. “You need to go, I’ll hold them back.”
“Here,” he tossed the towel over to a very dripping and oblivious Cas, still feeling the fabric of his cotton shirt cling to his back.
“I’m guessing they told you already?” Dean made himself known. He cleared his throat, feeling a little nervous.
“What?” Castiel asked as he licked a splotch of mayo from the back of his thumb. “Is there something on my face?”
“Well, you had never tried burgers” he paused, smirking a little before continuing “You haven’t had sex” He lowered his voice and looked over his shoulder to the older couple in the booth behind them. “I wanna know, what else haven’t you tried?”
Gabriel looked worse than Dean could have ever imagined. He couldn’t’ve been there long, but the angels sure did make use of the time. The archangel hung there, hovering over his own filth, blood and dirt crusting every crevice of his face, and what they could see of his body. He was shackled to the ground, by his ankles and pulled up by his wrists in a cross-like motion, the top shackles hanging from the ceiling of the cave. It wasn’t a pretty sight. In fact, Dean was doing all he could not to flinch away from it. If he felt like this, and he’d met Gabriel only once, Cas had to be taking it worse.
That being said, he still couldn’t bring himself to leave the cabin. Maybe if he waited just a little longer, Cas would show up and he could stop the unnecessary worrying. Dean sighed as he kicked off his shoes, he would have to find some way to catch up with his training. With everything going on they hadn’t been sent out on many cases anyway, the only one that seemed to frequently leave the city was his dad. He tried not to guess the reason behind his dad’s constant disappearing, whether he was just avoiding his own family, or if he could be striking another deal with some treacherous angel in a warehouse filled with lethal weapons.
He shoved his hands into the pockets of his jeans, a small habit he had picked up from being around Dean a lot. The hunters’ clothes were actually growing on him, sure they were more restricting than his usual garments, but unlike his own, they didn’t remind him of the differences between him and the hunter next to him.
Jo laughed dryly. “Funny you should mention that,” another gulp, “is that what’s going on with you? That Cas guy not into Dean Winchester? How is that possible?”
Dean had been there countless times, he knew the command center like the back of his hand. However, there were secrets hidden in there that even he didn’t know anything about. His heartbeat fastened as he got closer to the entrance, normally this wouldn’t faze him, but this was different. He was actively looking for something that could be wrong, or actively looking for trouble like his dad would say. If he got caught he would simply play it off as looking for his dad, even though Dean knew very well his dad was outside the walls right now. Nothing bad was going to happen, he tried to convince himself.
They talked about the angels until they heard John’s truck pull up in the driveway. They quickly changed the subject to Bobby's new car.
It throbbed with the blood pumping through it, begging for Dean to just deal with it. But he couldn’t.
This was the effect Dean had on him, these were the feelings he fought so hard - a battle always lost, and for the first time in millennia, this wasn’t a battle Castiel minded losing; in fact, he could even go as far as thinking he loved every second of this losing battle.
Dean took another sip of his beer, the bitter and cold liquid drowning his tongue before sliding into him. He would have to rely on liquid courage tonight.
The cabin was dark and cold, his breath showing up, even inside. It was exactly as he’d left it but as Dean made his way over to the table, opening the book, his heart sped up as he realized; there was a new note.
The sudden shift in his breathing was all the answer he needed, though a soft-voiced answer confirmed it. “Yes,” a pause, “why are
He had purposefully spent the last hour helping Ellen in the kitchen, a place he knew for certain he wouldn’t find his dad hanging around. They spent their time cooking in silence, Dean peeling the potatoes while Ellen was whisking away in the saucepan of barbeque sauce. It was oddly peaceful, only busying himself with a simple task like peeling a root vegetable instead of aiming for the best spot to kill a supernatural being.
Dean turned around, clutching the knife in one hand and holy water in the other. He tried to appear braver than he felt.
But Castiel also knew that wasn’t what Dean was, not completely. Dean was more than that, he was intelligent, resourceful, funny and he was a
” Good, that’s what Bobby always said before proceeding to tell him whatever it was he was not supposed to know. After a few seconds of hesitating, Dean realized he’d have to convince him to spit it out, Bobby could be such a stubborn bastard sometimes.
half-sob echoed in the alley, as Dean yelled at the angel, unaware of the tears threatening to fall down his face.
“Wow, Heaven is starting to sound more and more like a bad teenage flick,” Dean wrapped the towel around his waist, tucking it in at the side, and made his way to the bedroom to sit on the bed, just in time to catch Castiel’s confused expression. “Sorry, I just mean, it’s a lot to handle.”
“I don’t really know, I guess, yeah,” Dean didn’t break the eye contact Castiel had locked between them, it was intense and it made the words coming out of his mouth seem so insignificant. It was the first time anyone had ever asked him this, point-blank, and the first time he’d tried to answer, still, it wasn’t something he was particularly apologetic of - he’d never been one to be ashamed of his sexuality, but it wasn’t really something he ever talked about, especially at home. “I mean, I had only ever been with girls up until high school, I never really thought about it, and then one day I just got with a guy and that was that, felt pretty normal to me.”
“Only time will tell, I guess,” Dean concluded for her. “But I hope they make it, Bobby and your mom.”
He steadied his breath, as he felt Cas take one step closer, feeling the wooden wall against his shoulder blades. At this distance, Dean could see him perfectly, the moonlight casting a white glow on his jaw, his stubble grown out more than he’d ever seen in him, and his eyes, hooded and pupils wide. Dean felt the way Cas was staring at him, at his lips, at his body and he let it wash over him, filling him up, and even on the coldest January night, he felt as if the sun was hitting his skin, warming him from the inside out.
They had spent the past hour talking of cherished memories and Dean had told him about the time he and Sam had hidden in the back of Bobby’s truck when he went out on a hunt - they couldn’t’ve been older than 10 or 12 - and they had watched him gank a vampire. It was the first time either of them had seen an actual breathing vamp and when Bobby found them ‘
He had no idea where they were running towards and he was starting to have trouble keeping up with Cas. He cursed his damn human legs, and then himself, if only he had been on more runs with Sam. He briefly wondered if angels ever got tired, or if they could run forever. It sure seemed to be the case.
Dean was busy checking out the gashes on Gabriel’s torso when Cas let out a pain-ridden sound. He had his hands on the bars again and was trying to pull them apart. They still wouldn’t budge and Cas’s skin was starting to smell like a cooked pig. Dean knew it was useless to get him to stop, so he joined him, grabbing at the lock, trying to break it apart. His muscles burned and he pushed them even further, but there was no opening it.
Cas took a deep breath, trying to focus, but his body didn’t seem to follow his brain’s commands. His eyes hadn’t gotten used to the dark, his heart raced and he felt the blood rush to his head, leaving his legs weakened, he made his best effort to strengthen his knees, but it all felt so pointless, as long as Dean stood so close, and yet so agonizingly far, he wouldn’t be able to pull it together. He mentally cursed in Enochian, damning the day he’d met this hunter, and had sent all his rationality and logic out of the window.
And a thought grew in him, like a virus, spreading, if Castiel wasn’t so sure of Dean’s aversion to angels
He quickly moved along the hallway, trying to ignore the shudder that was building up under his skin. He knew this was gonna come back to bite him in the ass sooner or later, but right now he couldn’t afford the luxury of caring. He tried to think of where to go next,
him to do it. He briefly wondered if his dad would notice that the bruises and cuts were all gone, but he wasn’t planning on seeing him for the next few weeks at least, so, what the hell.
Their eyes were locked together, unmoving, for what Dean could only tell by reason couldn’t’ve been more than a few seconds, because by any other account it seemed like forever. When Castiel’s eyes dropped to his lips, Dean couldn’t stop himself from mimicking the action, and all of a sudden both of the angel’s hands were on the back of his head, gentle fingers laced into his hair, and Dean tried, but could not, for the life of him, think of where those hands were a minute before, because where they wandered now, tangled in his hair, brushing the back of his neck, pulling him in - it was where Dean felt they should’ve always been.
“Dean,” Bobby sighed. “What happened to you was damn near a miracle and I wouldn’t be so sure if it was a good thing yet. So please, for my old heart’s sake, don’t start acting stupid.”
They were both breathing heavily by the time they parted. Cheeks flushed and lips red, glistening in the weak moonlight. Dean refused to let go of Castiel, his hands still laced together at the back of Cas’s shirt. They stood there for a few minutes, giddy smiles plastered on, just breathing the same air, their foreheads pressed together and their eyes closed.
