Stark turned back to him. “Captain, the man had a tooth full of cyanide. He was prepared for if we ever caught up with him. Why go through all this trouble unless you have something to hide? We can’t leave empty handed. I’ll be able to easily get facial recognition off him with these new photos. Let me dig into him.”
Turning around, he pulled Tony flush against his chest. Looking down at him, he was greeted with the same warm, honey eyes that he loved so much.
“If we’re being technical,” Steve placated, “this isn’t either of our bedrooms.”
give a shit, to what might happen to The Captain and The Howling Commandos. In the end, there was only one thing that mattered: getting himself out of this alive.
Bucky opened the contacts listed in the phone and smiled. “Is everyone getting one of these?”
“Maybe you’re hanging out with the wrong crowd.” Phil couldn’t help the escalation in his heart rate. There was no way that Fury could know about The Commandos, right? No. Phil was careful; all of them were careful.
He reached back into his pocket, pulling out his phone. His second explosion at the Avengers base had been confirmed, but he still had his last card to play.
(See the end of the chapter for
Fury leaned back in his chair. “When I was younger, just a beat cop, I remember bringing this guy in. We’d been chasing him for years but we just couldn’t pin him. One day, well, it was almost as if he’d just fallen right into our laps, handcuffs already on.” The man rubbed a hand over his bald head. “When I asked him how he’d managed to slip up, he said he pissed off the Librarians.”
“From the man that regularly uses a bow and arrow, I’m curious as to what your answer is as well.”
Steve leaned forward, pressing their foreheads together as a surge of emotions coursed through his body. “Yea,” Steve answered, his voice wobbly. “Yea, I understand.”
Bucky, it seemed, had other plans. He dragged Steve down the stairs and into the gym, ignoring Steve’s halfhearted protests. Bucky finally stopped once the two were in the center of the room, inside a well-used boxing ring, reaching out to grab Steve by the shoulders.
He would say it was like coming home, but… it wasn’t. This environment was familiar,
“No,” Steve sighed. “That doesn’t mean anything. He wouldn’t pick up the phone for me anyway.”
Christ, Coulson, you killed Clint!”
Tony bit his lip and reached out, grabbing Steve’s shirt collar. He moved deliberately, giving plenty of time for Steve to move away before pressing their lips together. It was slow, almost chaste, their lips molding together. Steve sighed into it, relaxing into the comfort of Tony’s embrace. Just like the last, it was over too soon, Tony leaning away with a quick nip to Steve’s bottom lip.
“Buck,” Steve whispered, gesturing for the man.
He could feel the heat of Tony’s eyes on his neck, but Steve didn’t look back. After everything that had happened today, that had happened
Steve watched the two interact, almost ready to get up and intervene when a voice stopped him.
Bruce levelled him with another glare. “You’ve been watching too many sci-fi movies, Clint.”
Steve engulfed a near hysterical Tony into his arms, comforting him. Steve knew how important Clint was to Tony.
to be family.
“Wait, you laugh about it? How well do you know Pepper?” Tony gaped.
Bucky took off running to State Street. He needed to get to his present self before they cut off anything else. Jacking a car, Barnes headed back north.
“Well, technically I was here first.”
Tony huffed out a deep breath. “I haven’t been feeling well.”
“What, lie to me?” Steve snapped. “But you were so good at it.”
It didn’t matter, and she didn’t care. All she could feel was her roaring heartbeat and unbridled joy, as if she were back in Emily’s slippers completing her sur le cou-de-pied.
“What do you mean?”
He ignored the glare that Stark shot over to him, knowing that it was fake. He had been around the man enough to read his faces like a book. How his eyes would light up when he talked about the latest project he was working on, his calloused hands flying around animatedly, bringing out the Italian in him. How he unconsciously worried his bottom lip between his teeth as he tapped away on his computers, eyes darting around the screen. How his face would go blank whenever he talked to his business partner on the phone, or when he adorned his face with plastic smiles when he had to go out in public, quite unlike the few small ones Steve had managed to pull from the man. His eyes always looked curious, whenever he looked at Steve, it was like he was trying to take him apart like a machine.
Steve stared down at his phone, rechecking what Loki had sent him.
Phil had answered. Clint had been furious, desperate to take action, but he knew that he couldn't. It was the type of man that Phil was. Clint knew it - it was part of the reason he fell in love with him. And while Clint had kept his mouth shut for every other job that Phil worked, he knew that they weren't just playing cops and robbers anymore. What HYDRA had managed to accomplish in a few months was devastatingly immeasurable. If Phil was to become another check mark on HYDRA's to do list, Clint wasn't sure what he would do with himself.
He saw Steve’s face pale, eyes shooting down to Clint immediately. “…what?” Steve breathed out.
Hearing no response, Tony nodded to himself, and walked back into the mansion.
Steve couldn’t help but grin as he looked around the large room. “It’s a speakeasy.”
When Tony regained consciousness, he groaned at the heady throbbing in the back of his skull, eyes blinking through foggy vision.
“No,” Steve cut him off. “That is the only thing that is keeping me afloat right now, Rhodes. I will believe he is alive until I see otherwise.”
Bucky spun around quickly, finger pointing accusingly at Steve. “Of course I’m fucking mad!” he shouted. “You always do this, Steve.”
Barnes clenched his jaw. “Really? That’s all you’re going to say? I know for a fact that you hate the man more than any of us, and that’s what you’re going to go with?”
Tony lifted his chin in defiance. “I said no.”
“Is that all?” Tony twisted in his lap, so they were facing each other.
All of the Avengers stared blankly at Tony.
“Don’t,” he bit out coldly. “I am going to New York. I am going to prove to you that Tony Stark is alive and well. Now you can either stay here and mope or you can come with me.”
Steve watched his men ready up, the sounds of guns loading and boots lacing up a familiar sound. One that he hadn’t heard in too long.
Steve could see the fireman look back at him with confusion. “He is not in here with you?”
Thor Odinson was the heir to probably one of the biggest energy companies in the world, Asgard. Thor’s family, who started the company in some small town in Norway, had managed to transform it into one of the largest the world had ever seen. Their tech brought the world into a new era of cheap and efficient electricity, not to mention the groundbreaking work they've started on green energy.
“Is that so hard to believe?”
“I’m sure we don’t know the half of it,” Steve smiled in return. “But Phil is innocent, well,
“Rogers, I presume?” the man asked. Steve could hear his voice reverberate through the phone that was still pressed to his ear.
A window lowered.
The duo entered an awkward silence, before the elevator stopped. “I-I hope you like it. I designed each of the floors, but don’t worry. I won’t take it personally if you want to change anything.”
“That’s funny. I don’t remember starting a fire.”
Bucky’s eyes darted between the pair of them, working out what Steve had said. “You’ve been at the same safe house?”
“Well, are we just going to keep doing what we’re doing right now? Because it doesn’t seem to be working,” retorted Sam.
He looked down to see Tony staring back up at him, eyes glowing in the moonlight. He was wearing a soft sort of smile, one that looked like it was made for him and only him, and Steve couldn’t help but lean down and kiss it. Tony molded perfectly against him, as he always did, the brunette hitching a leg around to push closer into his mouth, Steve sliding a hand down his smooth back to rest on the curve of his ass in response.
The Captain rolled his eyes, but Tony could see the underlying smile. “Bombs aren’t really our style.”
The Captain.
“We’ll be waiting for them,” finished Steve. The blonde turned to look at Nat. “Go; spread the word. We’ll meet up with you later.”
He felt Steve trying to pull out of his grip again. “Thor!” Clint shouted, finally having enough.
Tony didn’t know how long he’d been there when he found himself waking up again. Peeking one eye open, he’d seen that someone had attempted to tidy of the room as Tony could actually get a clear shot of the floor. An arm reached across his middle, pulling him gently to lean against a chest and Tony tensed.
Right now, Steve would have loved nothing more than to curl up on the couch in his office, trying to trick his body into getting some sleep, but Steve knew how it would play out. He would lie on the lumpy cushions until the unwanted energy thrumming through his body would make him too restless, until Steve found himself sitting behind his desk yet again, pouring every piece of information they had for the millionth time.
Reaching the top of the stairs, Steve saw Thor and some of his men flank the rest of Hammer’s men, getting them away from Bucky, who was leaning over Clint. Steve tried to run to them, but Stark pulled him back. “Barton’s fine. Finish this first.” Steve glared at the other man, but found himself shooting alongside Stark anyway.
“Come on, no fair!” he cried over Wanda’s laughs.
She nodded, letting go of Thor’s hand long enough to vault herself onto Bruce for a tight hug.
He stood up, offering a hand to Steve, but it was quickly slapped away. Seeing that Steve had finally made eye contact with him, Bucky could finally look into the haunted look in his eyes, the planes of his face, covered in red blotches. “Didn’t you hear what I said?”
"Darling, you should really do something about that cheek. It would be a shame if I caused some permanent damage to that pretty face of yours."
Clint furrowed his brow. “But you just said he wasn’t coming.”
There was a pause in the gunfire. He could hear Hill screaming for backup over the dead man’s comm. “Rogers?” a voice called out.
“Well, you found me. I was just leaving, so I’ll walk you to the door?” he asked, trying to push past the other man, but was stopped by a large hand.
Steve chuckled, making a left turn. “I can guarantee you an afternoon you won’t forget, how about that?”
“Alright, alright,” Steve placated. “I think I can swing a meal.”
“We’ll get to that,” Fury smirked. “What I want to know now is why they targeted you.”
“Sounds like a hell of a time,” Natasha commented.
Steve squeezed their hands together, kissing Tony's forehead. "Okay. Good," Steve replied, Tony able to feel his smile against his own skin. "Can I ask a favor?"
“Cap, calm down. It’s just me,” a steady voice filtered through his ears. Steve’s vision, still swimming, managed to lock in on Sam, the man seemingly unaffected by his violence, even as Steve had his gun aimed at his chest.
betrayal, his company was more than floundering at the moment. Stock points were dropping by the minute and the board was scrambling for any way they could sweep up the mess. Pepper, who had been somewhat informed of his arrangement with the FBI, had been in constant contact on their plans to move forward. But, as if reading his mood from hundreds of miles away, had been able to distinguish that something was wrong and was shouldering most of the work load, keeping everything she could off Tony’s lap. While he was forever grateful for her – no way he’d be of any use right now – part of him wished that she wasn’t like this. That she would get back into the swing of things, forcing him to move past Steve.
They didn’t talk much after that.
“We all did.” Tony spun around again to see Natasha perched casually on the sofa and
Seriously. The best thing about doing a work in progress is that I can take in to consideration any ideas/comments/concerns you guys have. Tell me what you think! What you like, what you think I can do better, anything to make this story the best it can be.
Tony hissed, the metal burning into his hands. They were shaking as he peeled them off, the man having to lean against the wall for support, using every bit of strength to yank the gauntlets and the wires out. Maybe it was just him, but the reactor seemed to be dimmer, its power draining. Not that Tony could fire off another shot before permanently ruining his hands. Besides, he didn’t think he could hold his hands up anymore.
“Well, I do,” Barnes snapped back, throwing his jacket at Tony. “Steve isn’t the only one who can’t swim.” And with that, the other man jumped into the water. Tony blinked in shock, unable to come up with a retort as the other brunette leapt in. It was agonizing, watching him slip below the water, disappearing from sight instantly. Some of the water from Barnes’ wave slashed onto Tony’s bare skin; the man shuddered, the freezing droplets turning his veins to ice.
“No, no, that ship sailed a long time ago,” Tony laughed. “I’ve just never, you know…” he trailed off, gesturing at how they were positioned.
Tony sighed.
What happened to being a team player?”
“No, you idiot,” Bucky replied, smacking him on the shoulder. “The bed he has is a
Tony twisted, turning to meet Steve’s gaze. “You’re serious,” he said, eyes narrowing as Steve nodded. “You really just want me to make shit up about the galaxy because you like hearing me talk.”
“No way,” Fury answered with a scoff. “I would be stupid to accept a deal like that. You haven’t given me anything useful.”
If Steve lived long enough to see Stark again, he’d kill him.
“FRIDAY, call Steve.”
“No. We’ll handle this. Come on, Barton; grab the rifle.”
“Well, do you have a dealer?”
Tony thought he would have gotten used to the sound of chirping birds waking him up each morning, but here he was on day twenty-seven, and his fingers still twitched for the sidearm he knew wasn’t there. Dreaming about popping the demonic alarm clocks into nothing more than a pile of feathers was only satisfying until he opened his eyes, and he realized that they were still there.
his handler had told him. At first, he’d been furious at the prospect. But now, he found himself looking forward to a curmudgeonly boss who never gave him passing glances, and an empty scrap yard that didn’t ask any questions.
Steve kicked at a trash can, sending it spinning down the alley. Today was enough to confirm his suspicions about HYDRA, and now everything was already going to shit. Stark never denied his logic about HYDRA, meaning he probably thought Steve was right. No one was stupid enough to attack Tony Stark in broad daylight without a death wish.
“I don’t know what to say,” Steve admitted. “I keep telling myself that we made the right choice. That this was the best choice for everyone,” he said. “That this is a hell of a lot better than prison.”
Tony squirmed in his hold until they were face to face. “You play dirty, Cap,” the brunette smiled. “Talk like that makes me want to throw you over the nearest flat surface.”
As soon as Happy drove off, Tony shrank down as far as he could into the seat.
“Listen, pal. No name, no deal. Well, I won’t deal with you anyway, but I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt.”
Without a second thought, she dragged Sam into Fury’s office for some semblance of cover. She could hear Ward step in behind her and she spun, tackling him to the ground in surprise. She was off of him before he managed to get with the program. He swore and grabbed at her ankles but then Sam was on him, fists beating into the side of his temple. She allowed her focus to shift back outside, Ward’s gun already nestled in her hands. The doors still hadn’t opened and she used it to her advantage, dipping back out the door, hiding in the cubicles and waited.
“You know what?” Tony replied. “Turns out I don’t really
Steve could feel his blood start to boil. “Tony has been missing for days and the police don’t know about it. Are you telling me that you want the police to
“And you’re no fun,” Tony pouted.
“Hey, watch your-
Tony groaned inwardly. What the hell was he doing? Four days ago the man sitting in front of him could have potentially ended his life, and now Tony was giving away business advice? He rubbed at his temples, trying to get a handle on the raging storm in his head.
What Tony wasn’t expecting was for him to be sitting beside the man as he drifted off, pushing a hand through his dirty blond locks. Watching as The Captain try and follow his hand like a lost kitten almost broke the heart Tony wasn’t supposed to have.
“What the hell are you doing here?”
The other brunette let out a long sigh, pinching his nose between his fingers. “Fine,” he relented. “Two hours. No more than that.”
Tony thought he could finally die happy when Steve put a hand on his shoulder. “Thank you. I mean it.”
“Umm, I don’t know? At the tower?”
Steve rolled his eyes, shoving Bucky out of the way far enough so he could saddle up behind Tony instead, the smaller man fitting perfectly against his front. Tony leaned back into Steve instantly, the man’s shoulders shaking as he looked over at a grumpy Bucky, a look of glee no doubt gracing his face. Steve’s hands drew over Tony’s hips, fingers running up and down the expensive fabric.
charging in blindly to save him, instead of scattering like he should have.
Pepper walked around Tony standing in between the two. “A Sergeant Proctor, correct?”
“UroClub,” Tony read aloud. “JARVIS, what am I looking at?”
“You couldn’t find me before.”
“Steve?”
Tony sighed. “I’m assuming you heard everything?”
Steve wanted to be sick. Instead, he started laughing. “Right,” he gasped, watching his own demise in sick amusement. “You were the one that taught me that when someone says that, they mean the exact opposite.”
“Hey, Cap,” Clint interrupted. “Why don’t you go check on Bucky?”
He had been there. He had seen the whole thing. It was thing that Phil could latch onto before he'd lost consciousness.
There was a reason no one knew what The Captain looked like.
After an eternity of walking down the long tunnel, Tony saw a service ladder, leading to a large iron door. Tony breathed a sigh of relief, quickly climbing to the door. Slamming his fist against the cold metal, Tony issued three sharp bangs against the door. Tony could hear a small shuffle on the other side of the door before it gave a large creak, opening to Tony.
Tony breathed a deep sigh, rubbing at his face.
“Why don’t you?” replied Tony, nodding towards the door. “We’ll handle the next one that comes in.”
Maybe it wasn’t Natasha’s eyes he had to look out for. “It’s nothing, Buck,” Steve tried to placate. “Work’s been crazy, and I- ”
“Well, I’d ask Barnes here, but I don’t want to electrocute myself,” Tony tried to joke.
Furnace.
“Phil offered Fury a deal for the family, right? Tell the FBI what he knows and we walk free?”
“Mole?”
On the tracks that had just blown up.
Clint beamed at her. “Thank you.”
Sam didn't really get too much time in the spotlight in GUE, so I decided to give him some extra lovin' here.
“I’m so sorry, Steve.”
Tony huffed before looking back down at his meal.
And there it was. Out in the open. He had been made. It wasn’t like Phil thought he could keep the secret forever. He knew that someone would find him out one day. He had only prayed that Clint would have been as far away as possible when it happened. He hoped that when he’d get incarcerated, that Clint would be safe.
Bruce smiled. “I don’t think you realize who your roommates are. Let’s count, shall we? One, you’ve got a crazed mechanic who never learned to share. Then there’s your other half, a man who I heard went through hell to get you out of Budapest. And then a super soldier that carried you ten miles out of a bomb blast in New Jersey. Let’s not forget that there’s an actual god upstairs. And then there’s me, who could always improve on my anger management.”
There was a nod and Tony was thrown out of the barrel and on to the floor. Steve knew it was him that moaned softly as he watched Tony cough up lungfuls of water, gasping for a full breath. He was alive. That was all that mattered.
Which was completely ridiculous. But it was Pepper. So this is how Tony found himself staring at research on the effects of greenhouse gases. And of course, Pepper had taken him off the Stark tech project last month. Tony had already put the best phones and tablets out on the market; Pepper decided that he didn’t need to make any more improvements until the competitors caught up. So Tony couldn’t even mess with his own tech anymore.
Steve didn’t have a good answer for him.
Steve sighed, rubbing a hand across his face. “Was too tired. I’ll go tomorrow,” he lied.
The door burst open again and both Natasha sand Fury reacted, both their guns trained on the newcomer.
Tony ran up and pushed the hands off Steve. "This isn't necessary. He's with me."
He barely had a moment to digest what was happening. “What the hell are you doing here?!” Barton hissed.
and Tony wanted to keep it that way.
“Tony, is that you?”
“SHIELD has reported movement of a HYDRA cell in Belarus. Per Director Fury, aerial footage shows large amounts of unidentified tech amassing in their facility. Just this past hour, energy spikes have been reported, knocking out several towns’ worth of power outages. An order for immediate deployment has been issued for the whole team.”
Bucky moved to put a hand on his shoulder. “Yeah, buddy, you’re a dead man. Should’a left you in the warehouse.”
It wasn’t like he could be mad. He wanted to – he sure as hell knew that Tony and Steve left out the earfuls they’d probably gotten from the others that they’d left behind – but Clint knew to hold his tongue. Especially since he’d been bending the rules himself. Man, were these two in for a surprise.
“Yeah,” Tony sighed. “Apparently five armed men just tried to attack my assembly plant. You wouldn’t happen to know anything about that, would you?”
“This is a patented repulsor beam. One shot with this energy blast and your ass is cooked.”
Bucky turned to face him, wearing a deadpanned face. “Right, so how does that explain Vienna?”
When she was given an instructor job at the studio, Natasha had specifically requested to work with children, the younger the better. There was something soothing about teaching the fundamentals, even teaching them over and over again. It was special getting to see a child discover the joy of dance for the first time. A joy that she had felt once – one of the only happy memories of her childhood – and relished in reliving it over and over again with each class. Every movement was pure and light.
“Good morning, Steve.”
“Come on, Barnes,” continued Tony. “You can’t think this was a good idea.”
Steve shuddered.
Clint asked in a small voice.
Bucky snorted, yanking Tony into a filthy kiss. “You think you’re funny, don’t ya?”
Steve pressed. “None of The Commandos besides Bucky knew where any of the information was located; they didn’t know where to look to find it! How could HYDRA, after all these years, finally find where everything was located?”
“I could have really used you in my teenage years when I tried hiding evidence of my soirée’s before Howard got home.”
Steve thought to himself, thinking of Tony’s presents that were sitting innocently in his pocket.
Steve jumped away from the wall as quickly as he could, just narrowly getting out of the way before the wall was smashed open by and large wrecking ball.
So, to see the man start to tidy up was almost wrong. He was stalling. Steve shifted a little closer, his moments hesitant. It wasn’t awkward between them, per say. It’s just that they hadn’t had a lot time to come to terms with what happened at the first attack. With everything else happening, there has only been a handful of times that Steve has found himself alone with Tony, and each time that he's there, he doesn’t know what to do.
“Get out of my head!” Tony shouted, picking up the scotch bottle and throwing it against the wall. He watched as the glass shattered into millions of pieces, the amber liquid splashing all over the walls and carpet as Howard Stark laughed inside Tony’s head.
“It doesn’t matter where you’re doing this, you shouldn’t be doing it without a doctor,” Barnes growled. “Let me at least call Bruce.”
Do you even know? Do you even know that’s he’s alive?” Clint nearly cried.
“I saw, Bucky. I was there when it happened.”
Pierce rolled his eyes. “If that’s what you came in here to tell me, I swear to God, Rumlow, I’ll be the one to put a bullet in your brain.”
“This is unbelievable,” Tony snapped. “How the hell did you convince him?”
“I’m sorry?”
“And you thing you’re above the law, don’t you?”
“Stop throwing those sad puppy eyes around and I might actually believe you,” Tony quipped as he threw a blanket on top of him. “You need to relax, Cap. I’ll let you know the second the computer finds something, deal?”
Steve snorted, ignoring the twitch in his still healing chest. It was only day three in the hospital and Steve was already getting stir crazy. The change in music and pleasant conversation was nice, but it could only do so much. Hill had brought in some books for him, but Steve couldn’t focus, his head still pounding from his latest encounter on the helicarriers. Sam, thankfully, was a constant presence on his side. Steve would forever be grateful for at least someone to keep him sane, but he found himself wishing more than once that there was a different dark haired man next to him.
“I don’t give a shit about me, Buck!
With a running start, Steve sprinted through the quinjet leaping out of the open ramp and into Stark Industries.
But it didn’t matter. Here, laying in this queen bed, he’d never been more aware of all the empty space around him.
It was like thinking about smoking. There are thousands of articles, books, even stories about smoking. About how bad it is; about how it kills. It’s not like people aren’t aware of the implication; the evidence is everywhere. But people still line up every morning in the convenience store to get a fresh pack of cigs anyway.
“Wait.” Pierce shot a hand up to stop him from taking the file away. “What’s that?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whined. “I didn’t mean for this to happen. Forgive me,
“Artificial Intelligence,” answered Bruce. “You built him?” he continued, looking at Tony with interest.
Bucky hissed again, and this time she turned to face him, her eyes glowing.
A blanket is thrown over him.
He was in a rougher part of the neighborhood, but Rogers paid no mind. After all, Iron Man could be here.
“Normal?” Wanda almost laughed. “What do you know about normal,” she sneered it Tony’s face. “What does anyone in this family know about normal?”
could lead down two paths, but it always brought him back to the same place: trouble. Back when he was growing up, Steve Rogers got laughed at, beat up in alleys. Sometimes even ignored completely. No one wanted the scrawny street rat that was Steve. But after the SSR? Everybody wanted him. Everyone wanted Steve Rogers and all of his little secrets. Mobs all over were gunning to use him until he finally broke down.
People were fighting over designer shoes instead of their next meal. People filled up their car’s gas tanks more daily than whole families used to fill gas cans in months. They searched for which block had the cheapest cup of coffee instead of searching for which city actually
Tony rolled his eyes dramatically. “Come on, Cap. Trust me on this one,” he said with a smile.
“I could ask the same for you,” responded Steve, leaning down to search for the lost pencil. Steve heard Tony snort as his movements kicked his pencil farther under the desk and out of sight. Steve shot Tony a final glare over the desk before sinking down to the ground for more reach.
He reached out an arm to grab him, but Steve snarled. “Get out my way.”
Tony could feel more than see the blush creep up Steve’s neck as it burned into the skin Tony was trying to hide his snickers in. “That’s your own fault, honeybunch. You should have known better.”
Steve charged forward grabbing Tony’s hips and spinning the other man around, pressing their lips firmly together. He swallowed Tony’s gasp, hands digging more firmly into his sides as he felt Tony slump against him, responding eagerly. Tony’s hands ran across Steve’s back, one trailing up to yank at the bottom of Steve’s hair and the blonde groaned, reaching down to hook his own hands under Tony’s legs, tossing him onto the kitchen island.
Of course he knew that. He would beat himself up forever because of that. It was his job to protect his team.
hot tub,” Steve replied with a shrug of his shoulders.
“Be honest with me,” Steve said quietly, his voice hoarse. “Please. If you had to choose –
She didn’t reply, already sauntering out of the room, both Clint and Steve on her tail. Stepping back outside, Clint saw an old car, no doubt brought in by Natasha. They kept walking until she opened the trunk, the three of them peering at the cargo down below.
Tony! He’s a serious threat and you know it,” responded Pepper. “I think we should call the authorities.”
Tony raced along the street, charging back to the cemetery as quickly as possible.
“Tony, come on. You gotta stay with me, ok? Wake up; let me see those eyes, sweetheart. Please, Tony,
“Tony!”
“What can I do for you Pep?” He tried to give a smile, but Pepper only frowned in return.
Happy Holidays, everyone! Wishing you and your families all the very best! Times like these always remind me how blessed I am, especially to have you guys.
“Well, come on,” Pepper continued, blatantly ignoring Tony’s statement. "Tell me. Who’d we piss off this time?” Pepper reached in her handbag, pulling out some concealer and began dabbing it over Tony’s face.
The Captain eyed him warily, but Tony held his hands up innocently. “Relax. I’m not interested in stealing your business; just color me curious.”
“Did he say Loki? What the hell is wrong with him?” Natasha hissed.
“Wait,” he started. “Listen, I know you don’t want to see anyone and by the way I wanna throw up I probably shouldn’t be walking around but I need to get this off my chest.”
Steve nodded, mind happy to be presented with another task. One that would bring him closer to Tony. The crew ran down another street, away from the smoking crater. Sure enough, it wasn’t long before they found another storm sewer.
“Tony and I came here together,” Steve answered. “We’ve
“Tony.”
Tony staggered, trying to reach for his phone, then fell quickly to the ground instead. He tried to take in huge gulps of air, but was cut off wet coughs, blood starting to fill up his throat. His vision started to wane; black dots danced in front of his eyes as his body reached an inferno as it continued to tear him apart.
But Tony didn’t listen for the rest. He was out of his seat, pushing through the crowd with renewed vigor, running for the door. Racing outside he found himself lost as to what to do, heart pounding but frozen like a deer in headlights.
His heart clenched at the thought of the other man, the EKG singing in response. He had to get out of here; he had to get to Clint. He remembered the phone call, he remembered Clint's frantic tone. Clint had known something was wrong and had been rushing in head first to go get him. Actually getting shot, however, was more of a blur. He had felt the blinding pain, of course, that had him on the ground within a blink of eye. But all Phil could focus on was the screaming; not everyone's - bullets firing always had the knack of sending the public into a blind panic - but his screams.
Bucky snorted, rolling his eyes. “Pigs will fly before the day comes that you actually listen to what you’re supposed to do. Now, stop being an ass, and tell me what I need to do.”
“Yeah, I don’t know if I can do the whole ‘adhering to authority’ thing,” Steve smiled, reciting from memory.
she had said.
“You heard me. Were you in the van that tore 67
“That will be all, Ms. Potts.”
“Wha-?” This wasn’t real.
Tony pushed himself up to a sitting position. “I guess not.”
“No.”
The Captain’s poker face remained unfazed. “Maybe.”
Steve glared at the finger indents now on the roof of the car.
, he told himself. On the bright side, at least Clint was talking to him today. Yelling, technically, but Bucky would still count it as a win.
"He's fine," Rhodey assured him. "Nobody else was anywhere near the blast radius. You sure you're okay? Nothing like this has ever happened before."
“No.”
So logically, it shouldn't surprise him that Steve and Tony would end up together. Stark, having lived in the public eye his whole life, has had his romantic preferences out in the open for a long time. Both men were objectionably attractive with similar backgrounds; adrenaline junkies with sordid pasts a knack for guns and had criminalistic hobbies - which, now that he thinks about it, checks off a lot of boxes on his own list. To a third party, the pair of them falling into bed together just made sense.
Natasha chuckled.
Steve Rogers was an old name, whispered around the streets of New York. By all accounts, he was supposed to be dead, buried deep after his history with the SSR. How he survived was a miracle by itself. He had always just assumed that he'd died after his run-in with Schmidt. Pierce still remembered how long it took him to actually believe that Steve Rogers was still alive and walking around New York.
Phil scoffed. “And what would they be?”
Silence again.
“Tony?” he whispered unbelievingly. The man under him grinned, far too happy to have been just jumped in the forest. “What on earth are you doing here? How did you- ”
Hill sighed, but eventually gave in. “When the first shots went off, it was pure chaos. While originally, we thought that was HYDRA’s end game, we think they were using it as a smoke screen. Most of the targets went down in the Pentagon. While they were being taken out, HYDRA had a strike team waiting, using the panic to their advantage to try and break in. They were eventually subdued, but they’d made it all the way to the archives, no doubt to steal confidential information.”
The faint whine of sirens grabbed his attention. He looked up to see red and blues start to stain the yellow flames. “Hey!” he shouted, voice already hoarse from the smoke and water. “Somebody! I need help down here,
“I just left him there,” Bucky retorted quietly. “I don’t know if he’s even alive or not.”
haven’t even seen it; I’m lucky to even know it exists. Why the hell would he show it to you?”
Steve watched as Fury ambled over to his kitchen table, plopping down in the nearest chair without an invitation. The chair creaked threateningly under the weight, but that was nothing new; the pair of antique seats that were salvaged from a Queens curbside seemed to protest anything over a sack of potatoes.
“Maybe prison wasn’t such a bad idea,” she joked.
“Come on,” Steve said, heading back towards the door. “We’re going to another one.”
“Don’t be so dramatic,” Bucky responded, pecking him on the cheek. “You love us.”
Clint looked expectantly as Bruce. “I’m feeling there’s going to be a ‘but’.”
Tony tried to shrug indifferently. “What did you expect? I’m done with you people. What Rogers does in his spare time is no concern to me.”
The question caught Tony off guard. He raised his head slowly, meeting Clint’s tired gaze again. “I’m sorry?”
Tony froze.
Both men jumped when they heard the voice. People had gathered watching the scene - the ones that hadn't run screaming at the first sight on the gun - drawn to it like a moth to a flame, but an older gentlemen had stepped forward courageously towards the two fighting men.
“Hey, Captain!”
Empty. As it always was.
“Thanks, Buck, really, but what if- ”
“Tony?!” Steve tried to call into the wreckage.
Clint shot the man a glare over his shoulder. “You’ve wasted enough of our time to show that you really can’t.”
Steve woke up late at night, still in the alleyway. Trying to piece together what had happened, he cursed. His future self was nowhere to be seen. At least he left the shield.
Steve hummed, looking to the other one. “And you?”
Steve thumped his head against the wall before charging down the stairs. He couldn’t deal with this right now; he needed to meet Loki. Knowing that the rest of his team was in search of Bucky, Steve slipped out the back and into one of their cars, driving to the location Thor had given him. He knew how wary everyone was of Loki. Steve would be lying if he said he didn’t feel the same way, but there was else nothing he could do. HYDRA had them backed against the wall. He couldn’t sit idle again. He won’t sit back and watch his family get slaughtered again.
“Yeah, people. Not you. You’re on medical leave. You should be in bed.”
Natasha frowned. “But?”
“So you don’t need me.”
“We’re almost there. Grab the knife.”
“What were you even doing? There’s no one in here.”
Emily gave her a smile in return, but Natasha could see most of the compliment had gone over her head. Another reason that made Natasha want to bundle this child up and keep her close to her chest. Innocence was a tough trait to come by, precious, but all the harder to keep.
“Are you saying I’m not?”
“I think you’ve got a lot of my guns,” Tony responded.
did this.”
He spun suddenly, ignoring the searing pain from his arm, to face Barnes, who was sitting comfortably bin a chair crammed in the far corner. Tony let himself sidle back down to the couch, the apparent
“Immaterial,” replied Romanoff. “Who are you? Who do you work for?”
“So what, I’m not allowed down in the lab until Peter’s married with his own kids?”
He breathed a sigh of relief when he heard a familiar voice. “Fine, Cap. Just a graze.” Steve nodded to himself, bringing a hand to run through his hair. He stopped, however, when he felt something sticky on his fingers. Steve pulled back quickly, eyeing the red that now stained his hand.
Steve looked back at the horde of cops and spectators that were surrounding the bomb radius. “How?”
The flames coursed through his veins, scorching through his body.
“Steve?”
“Tony,” Steve started, but Tony just shook his head.
"I don't know why," he continued, cutting Tony off. "It's not that I wasn't, because God, Tony. When you left, I couldn't...I was so horrible to you. And now this? Look at what I've done to you. This is all my fault. If I never sought you out in the first place, none of this would have happened. You would have been safe. I'm so sorry, Tony. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm- " Steve broke off with a quiet sob, pressing his face into Tony’s hair.
“Then move money from somewhere else, Pepper! I’m not dumping the team and there is no way I can back out with Fury. We’ll pull through like we always do; you just have to trust me.”
“Yep.”
“So?” Steve asked.
“Yeah,” Pierce sat behind his work desk, idly holding his phone between his fingers.
He saw Sam flinch a little, although he wasn’t sure if it was from being caught staring, or the rough sound that was his voice.
“Let me tell you something. Clint’s never leaving; you know that, I know that. He doesn’t know anything outside of this life. And where he goes, I go. I mean, the man can barely find his shoes in the morning; can you imagine him trying to survive a week without me? Besides, domestic live wouldn’t suit us. That’s a one way ticket for us to sit in recliners and get fat.”
“Uh, yeah. The Captain and his mutts have never shown an interest in me or my business. In fact, I’m not even sure he lets his men off their leash; they’ve probably never seen what’s on the other side of Brooklyn’s borders. We don’t exactly roll with the same crowd, so don’t even bother trying to slander his name.”
“Maybe someone just got lucky?”
“What do you want? You already have me.” snapped Steve.
Steve was almost startled at the wave of protectiveness that washed over him. Even though be only knew Tony a short time, Steve couldn’t help but be entranced by the man. He was a fireball of energy, and Steve had become attached like a bug to a lamp. The way he raved on and on about his projects, how his quick wit managed to throw Steve through a loop. Steve wouldn’t let anyone touch Tony.
Steve sent him another dirty glare but opted not to continue. Encouraging Bucky would only end in disaster. He turned back to the colored boxes. It shouldn’t feel like such a hard decision. Steve was sure that Tony would have something nice to say no matter what he brought home, but that wasn’t good enough for Steve. It needed to be perfect. The feel needed to be perfect, as well as the color. And now, he was stuck between red and blue.
“You bite your tongue,” Tony snapped back, causing The Captain to grin wider. Tony rolled his eyes, before looking back to Coulson. And then to The Captain. And then back to Coulson. “No way,” Tony continued, his mouth gaping open. “You’re in with the police? Bribing the good and honest men of the NYPD, are we now? Didn’t seem to peg you as one of those guys, Cap.” Tony couldn’t help but notice a faint flush breeze over The Captain’s face after the use of the nickname.
Nick chuckled. “No, ma’am; got very specific orders for this one.” He handed her a small, heavy package. “I’m sure you can still sign for it, though.”
Steve turned to her. “What; why?”
was the real question.
The silence between the two lengthened, Steve twitching at each movement made by Natasha, like a frightened deer in headlights. The twitch turned to a full startle, the car jerking in the road, as Natasha’s ringtone blared, filling up the space of the truck’s cabin. Natasha rolled her eyes at Steve’s steely glare, eyes flicking down at the phone long enough sigh softly before answering the phone, leaning back in her seat, feet swinging up onto the dash lazily.
He took a deep breath before opening the door.
“Running a simulation, The Captain and his men have an 11.7% success rate.”
“Steve, I may not be in expert when it comes to this, but I’m almost positive camping doesn’t consist of me sitting in the car in the middle of the woods.”
And his threats were not to be trifled with. “Guess I better go and get my armor.” And with that, Tony slid out of the interrogation room, following dutifully behind Coulson.
Tony apparently had other plans, pushing Steve back down on the bed, straddling him. He grabbed Steve’s cock and slowly sunk down on it. Tony stared at Steve; his mouth was gaping open, blue eyes glowing in the moon light.
The Skull cocked his gun. “Faith isn’t going to save you.”
He looked back over at Tony, who had finally managed to pass out a few hours ago, body twisted in the thin blankets, breathing deeply. It was clear that he needed it, and while it stung that Tony hadn’t been sleeping – sleeping with
“He’s still got a pulse, but that’s about it,” Tony jeered.
“I’m just going to kneel. You see? I’m cooperating,” Steve retorted, keeping his voice calm, trying to be nonthreatening.
He was just Tony.
“You were the one who decided we needed to have a repeat performance. I’d usually be game to show how a real New Yorker throws down, but I’m gonna tap out this time. Can’t afford to lose any more brain cells.”
Or even the interviews.
could never grasp it with their real family?
“Don’t.” Hill’s voice carried over their excited bickering. “Don’t get your hopes up.”
“Can I help you?” the twig thin girl asked behind the counter, her voice almost as fake as the smile she flashed them.
“It was the right thing to do.”
“You need to go up on the vasopressor.” That was Bruce. Steve tried to calm himself, knowing that with Bruce in there, Tony would get the best help he could.
Tony stretched a hand out; one that Steve reached back for. He was startled by the callouses; the marks of hard labor. Not very fitting for a business man. But it didn’t matter, because St-Tony was smiling up at him, causing Steve to return it just as easily.
Bucky tried to open his eyes again, following the voice he had for so many years. “Buck, you with me?”
Steve sighed heavily and closed his eyes. “Yeah, it’s complicated.” Opening his eyes, he met Tony’s gaze while tightening the grip on his shoulder. “I do trust you, you know.”
“I can’t help it. With everything that’s happened, I think I have a right to be a little worried,” Steve sighed.
What actually came out of his mouth was less than helpful.
Steve rubbed a hand on the back of his neck, blushing slightly. “I like it when you say our people,” he stammered.
Steve raised his gun again, ignoring the pleas before shooting another one down, humming slightly when the other men cowered as blood sprayed over them. Without another second of hesitation, Steve moved to the next target, stopping only when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
“Why the hell not? You said it yourself. We’re on the same side here, Phil. Fury wants Pierce gone, we want Pierce gone. Come with me.”
“Loved it. Every bit. Even that dumb mailbox.”
“Where are they sending each of us?” Bruce piped in.
“Tony,” Steve interjected, grabbing the smaller man’s arm. “This is too much; we couldn’t possibly- ”
“Barton, now, please!”
He was thankful for each day he didn’t have to Hulk out. Today showed to him yet again, that he shouldn’t pretend that he’s a hero. That he could actually help people.
his fault. And Clint knew it. And that whatever happens, regardless of whether Coulson survived or not, that bridge between him had Clint had burned. No, it wasn’t burned, it was eviscerated.
Tony thread their fingers together. "Listen to me. This isn't last time. I'm not going anywhere; I'm not leaving your side. You need more? Know that I'm just as invested as you are, Steve. I've never had this before, either. Just know that I'm here, with you, right now. And I don't plan on going anywhere."
Steve cursed. Tony and Joseph Grant were still enemies in the eyes of the public. Of course Pepper would know. And of course, without thinking, Steve had just blurted his normal alias.
-------------------------
“Then why the hell did you get it?” Bucky snapped back. “What the fuck is this, some sort of consolation prize?”
“Good God, why does anyone come to this hell hole?” Tony asked.
Steve thought. He looked back at Tony, the man still seemingly getting his bearings from being woken up. Steve was unable to hold back a chuckle, brushing some of Tony’s hair out of his eyes. “We’re home,” he said quietly, watching as Tony melted under his touch. “Ready for bed?”
Alexander Pierce sighed softly as he slowly closed the file he had been reading. He knew this moment would come; it was inevitable. Honestly, how it had taken this long was a blessing. Finally dragging his eyes away from his desk, Pierce looked up at a fuming Obadiah Stane.
“Give them all we’ve got,” Steve breathed. “Tony’s been in there long enough. It’s time to get him back.”
Tony Stark. The real one.
Bucky smirked and narrowed his eyes. “No.”
“You can’t keep putting this off, Barnes,” pleaded Sam. “The man’s going crazy that you keep slipping out and you won’t tell him where you’re going. We’re running out of ways to keep him distracted when you leave. Steve’s a smart guy, Buck, he’s gonna catch on. Or worse, he’s gonna follow you one day and then we’re all gonna be done for. Something tells me that he won’t be too happy when he finds out that we’ve been meeting with Stark behind his back.”
Tony looked around, overturning rubble. The initial reports that he had listened on his fly over there told Tony that there were only a few minor injuries reported so far. But they still hadn’t found Pepper.
“We’re done. For now. I’ll escort you- ”
“I know. You think it’s easy looking this good?” Steve replied with a smirk.
He watched Obie disappear up the steps before heaving a great sigh.
Tony thought, as he tried to lose The Captain in the crowd.
“But Sir. The call. It’s from Ms. Potts.”
“Nobody saw me,” Pietro pouted. “The camera couldn’t even catch me.”
“Two words. Steve Rogers.”
“Does it look like I care?” Tony hissed, eyes darting back down to the black hole that had engulfed The Captain. They were wasting precious time that they already didn't have.
be profitable. You are right, people need those things. But they won’t forever. Diseases are being cured left and right, solar energy is sweeping the globe, technology becoming more advanced. Eventually there will come a time where the next step won’t be necessary. There’s a peak in those markets, and once you’re there, there’s nothing left to get from it.
Stane leaned down close to him. “You really think that just because you have an idea it belongs to you?” And with that, he tugged, the cord of the arc reactor disconnecting from his body. The pain that followed wasn’t new; he’d been unplugged by Pepper just earlier this week. But this was different. It was vicious and cruel, paired with lingering betrayal.
“You’re adapting,” Steve said softly. “There’s nothing wrong with that.”
Clint let out a small chuckle before grabbing the officer, pulling him into a slow kiss. He pulled away reluctantly, smiling when he felt strong arms wrap around him.
The handle jiggled again before the door swung open. Tony darted behind the doorway, head peeking out just slightly from behind the wall.
The younger boy scowled at Steve. “My name is Patriot,” he hissed.
To: Tony Stark
I agree,” said Steve, pulling the blankets around his shoulder closer to him. “Does anyone have a suggestion?”
“Rogers? Why are you still down here?”
“Fine,” he almost whispered. “Have a seat, Barnes. Let’s talk.”
Delmar shook his head. “No, I’m talking a long time ago. Like
Rogers reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a map. “You know what this is?”
Sam thought to himself. “Anything I can do to help?” he asked instead.
“Stall him,” Steve snapped, pushing them both out the door. “I’ll take care of the rest.”
“Tony!”  Her white pantsuit was stained, dirty with debris and dust, and there was a small bruise on her cheek, but otherwise looked unharmed.
Steve pulled his eyes back on the road, losing himself in his own head. What was the plan? With the last three sites empty, odds were not in their favor for this next one. There were no obvious signs left by the thieves anywhere else – how was he to track them? Tony could probably hack something close by and get them a lead. But how long would that take? Were they already too late?
Sam rolled his eyes, stepping around Stark and into the kitchen. True to his word, Steve had put on some coffee, and Sam walked over to pour himself a cup. He heard Stark shuffle in behind him; he could almost feel the man’s stare, no doubt trying to think of something to say. They’d never been very close, but then again, with everything going on, there wasn’t exactly a lot of time to bond.
It was almost comical to see the group freeze, their heads all whipping towards Tony guiltily.
He still remembered, of course. There would be no way he could forget; Steve doubted he ever would forget. Everyone else was already gone: Howard, Erskine, even Phillips. He had managed to get Bucky hidden away, but he had been too late for her.
present for The Captain.
“You just really like hearing yourself talk, don’t you?” Steve almost jumped at the harsh tone, forgetting Tony was standing beside him.
and Bruce had –
Steve couldn’t help but smile. With everything that he’d lost, just seeing Tony doing something as mundane as talking on the phone was enough to remind Steve of all that he still had. Steve chuckled as Tony groaned, throwing his free hand up to the ceiling.
“Oh, really?” Tony scoffed. “Punching the hell out of a sand filled bag doesn’t constitute as work. There’s nothing else that needs to be done. JARVIS and I are manning the computer and your boys have the whole place on lock down. All of our bases are covered. I’ve even got a few people of my own out and about, just in case.”
"Phil was part of the family," Bucky answered flatly. "I did a pretty crap job protecting him."
Stane snorted. “If you only knew.”
“That’s not what I mean.”
“There was too much risk involved! What if you managed to get The Captain in the blast? We need him alive.”
“Absolutely not. You’re still criminals.”
Steve scoffed. “There’s nothing you can give me except the satisfaction of hearing your last breath. And even then, it’ll probably be as disappointing as you are.”
When Steve felt Natasha sit down next to him, he didn’t hesitate to pull her into a fierce hug. “
Steve sighed and reached for another vial of the serum.
“Are we stopping for lunch?” he asked. There, sitting innocently between two bricked up buildings, sat a small restaurant.
“Can I help you?” she asked again.
“I love you,” Steve murmured into Tony’s ear, biting it softly.
“I’ve got a location,” Clint gasped in between breaths.
“It’s nice,” Tony continued. “We went there a few times when I was a kid. It’s all wooded, and there’s a private lake.”
“Well, tell him that if he can’t be bothered to pick up the phone for me, I sure as hell don’t have to listen to him!”
Progress, to say the least, was almost nonexistent. Tony could only manage a few steps with Barnes before he’d have to lean against the wall, pain radiating all over his body. Tony had thought the sewage path was long before, but he knew he’d been across an entire country faster than the time it took from them to traverse the passage.
“I know.”
Steve reached forward trying to get her from drawing too much attention to them, but the movement had the woman pulling away, crying even harder. Steve pushed his office chair out a little so he could lean out of his cubicle. He checked both ways, slipping back inside once he knew the coast was clear. One more look at the crying grandma and Steve made up his mind.
“Be together.”
Tony scoffed. “Oh, really. You’re gonna pull the ‘I’m just a grunt soldier’ card now? Everyone knows now much pull you have here. I’m surprised The Captain is able to tie his shoes without asking you what kind of knots he should go with.”
“A thank you would be nice.”
“I didn’t want to show up emptyhanded,” Steve replied, ears turning pink. It was a less than fond memory; let it be said that none of Earth’s Mightiest Heroes are morning people.
But, Tony got up and pushed on. “BARNES! JAMES BARNES!” he shouted, breaking off into hacking coughs. Tony tried to follow the clearest path to where he Barnes was last, crying out in relief when he finally saw a familiar body through the haze.
Natasha stilled. “I’m not following.”
“How is he gonna figure it out?”
The trio looked over to the rickety table and sure enough, two soda cans sat on the dusty surface.
Steve rubbed at his eyes. Part of him just wanted to cancel the podcast entirely. Whomever this criminal is, he shouldn’t have the luxury of listening to him each week. But he couldn’t find himself to do it. The podcast was all he had, really. It’s all they all had.
something from the store. Of my own choosing, of course.”
“No!” Tony cried, stopping Steve’s panic. “No, we’re nowhere close to that yet, it’s just- ”
Tony knew that look. That unimpressed gaze with a hint of fond disapproval that nearly screamed ‘
“Not what?”
Tony’s blood ran cold.
“It might be easier if you’re on your knees.”
“I don’t like him,” a voice rang out behind him.
“It’s great,” Bucky interjected, fingers curling protectively around the small device. “Really, it is.”
Steve collapsed into his chair, crying into his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
The second explosion had been right under the first, which could have caused big structural problems. Tony could have gotten been sucked in by the collapsing floor, or gotten caught under falling debris. Clint shuddered at the possibilities.
he thought to himself. Which is why he was so surprised when he felt Barton take off his cuffs.
-------------------------
“Do you remember The Mandarin?”
Clint sat in a diner picking at his eggs. He had stopped by a safe house earlier in order to restock in funds. When he got there, Clint froze.
Steve bit his lip when there wasn’t an answer.
“Steve, what the hell?!” Sam cried, but Steve just reared up again, sending two quick punches before pushing his whole weight against the door, finally feeling the panes give way. Steve was sent crashing to the ground, shards biting into his exposed skin.
Clint stumbled across the alleyway, cursing into his phone as he was greeted with another voicemail. His hands shook as he typed in Steve’s number again, newfound adrenaline pulsing through his body.
“It means that Mr. Stark has lost a lot of blood and is dying. Now,
Tony stared at the man.
The duo stepped in and Steve reached over to his right, flicking on the lights. The room was washed in the florescent glow, revealing walls of empty cabinets, dusted over desks, and abandoned chairs.
“Then who is he?”
Overall, the place was too small, overcrowded, old fashioned, and out of place.
He missed Phil, he missed their home. Missed all of them cramping around that dumb table, should to shoulder. He missed falling asleep to the sounds of his family around him: the thump of a sandbag, footsteps on a metal staircase, muffled laughter, and the clanging of dishes. He missed catching curled up in a corner, eyes focused on the pencil scratching against the paper. He missed Bucky digging through the fridge, throwing utensils at anyone who got close to his cooking. He missed watching Thor hilariously trying to teach bruce how to punch, he missed Sam trying to flirt with anything that had two legs. Hell, he even missed Stark.
Obadiah could see a vein bulge on Raza’s temple, just barely visible under the poorly healed burns. The man reached into his jacket and pulled out some crumbled pages, handing them over to Obadiah hesitantly.
Sparky rolled his eyes. “Barton, it’s not that,” he argued. “You’re here to
Raza sneered, the few men be brought with him echoing his statement behind him. “You’ve kept me waiting for days. Do you know how many men I lost last week? The bomb was bad enough, but now I’ve got Commandos picking us off one-by-one.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Cut it out, son. You’ll blow your foot off.”
Clint lifted up his head to glare at her. “Out of shape?! My body is a fine tuned machine, thank you very much.”
Steve narrowed his eyes at the two men. Full of shit, the both of them.
“Now what?” Pepper’s voice turned his attention towards her, his friend cradling his current arc reactor gently in her petite hands.
not the
“What are you going to do?”
And suddenly Steve was angry, angry at Bucky for giving him that look, angry at himself for putting it there in the first place. Angry about Clint and those damn microphones, angry at Fury for even deciding to even call, angry at a nameless face, hiding in the shadows as he searched for another victim.
(See the end of the chapter for
do realize,” Steve added, “that if you actually asked Pepper for a break, she would absolutely give you one.”
HYDRA coming back was enough to put everyone on edge. Clint still had no idea how they managed to get rid of them the first time. They were so
“He’s in all of our heads,” replied Thor. “This is what I was trying to tell you. We can’t win against his mind. He’ll see everything that’s coming and just prepare for it.”
“Why, because I’m not like you?” Tony snapped, spinning back around. “I’m not a soldier, Barnes. I don’t exactly do the whole chain of command thing. Hell, the entire concept of the words ‘team player’ are completely foreign to me. But I’m not going to sit around here and twiddle my thumbs. Screw that,” he hissed, trying to stomp away again.
Tony looked back at The Cap-
The woman’s lower lip trembled. “It’s my cat. He won’t come down.” She pointed a slender hand up a large oak tree on the right side of the road, Steve barely able to make few meows from the animal. Steve sighed but found himself walking towards the tree anyway. “Of course, ma’am, but I suggest you stand clear. There may be trouble,” Steve said in a firm tone.
“Oh, absolutely,” Tony shot back. “Positively stunning. Perfect for a romantic road trip.”
“Yes, Florida is known for its great hiking spots,” Steve replied sarcastically.
“What’s wrong with me!” Tony yelled. “You’re planning on sending me off like some crazy to a mental hospital!”
Clint and Thor had shown up, finally extracting Steve from his friend’s side. No one asked about Tony. Maybe they already knew.
“Any reason why that might be?”
“Don’t try and talk. You’ll have plenty time for that later.”
But Stark didn't answer. He looked past Steve and right at Bucky, who was leaning against the door. "Nope. No info until you call your guard dog off."
Tony Stark lay hunched over the island, dead asleep on the bar stool. Steve had been so caught up in his daily woes that he hadn’t even seen the man.
Steve sighed before slowly starting to trudge down the road. He could call for a ride, but given his current predicament, he opted against it.
Tony didn’t care what The Captain said. There was no way he was going to sit idly by while there took out HYDRA. He could handle himself, no problem. The shit storm that happened at his own warehouse should have proved that. He'd come in -
Steve pulled himself out of his head, looking back at Clint. "
“You built me an arm,” Bucky whispered.
Both men stopped as they finally reached the other wall. It was impossible for them to have seen it upon walking in, the shadows and the furniture blocking any sort of clear view.
It didn’t sit well with Clint. Best not to deal with it.
Steve rested his head against his hands. “Because you have. Because Alexander Pierce is the head of the NYPD.”
“Pepper,” Tony placated. “Look at him,” he continued, pointing to Barnes. “He wants me to come with probably as much as you want me to go. But this is something they need me for.”
“So is that why you’re here? To give me a pep talk?”
“You have way too many mugs and they all have puns on them, but I love that when you pick a new one out, you smile as you read it, like it’s funny to you every single time,” said Steve.
“Dammit. DAMMIT!” Barton slammed his hands down on to the steering wheel after making a sharp right onto the main road.
Clint couldn't help but think.
“We just need to get out of here. Treachery doesn’t tell us everything; just tells us our specific jobs, and once we’re done, we have to report back to him with the next one. It’s just- this job can’t go wrong. The Avengers already took out one of us last month. We can’t afford another failure, especially when we have them so flustered now. But now we have you; we have the upper hand.”
All the lights were still on, left on in the crew’s haste to follow the potential lead on Tony.
“Ugh, don’t ask,” Natasha moaned, kicking Steve in the shin as he started to chuckle. She looked up at the pair of them, and for a moment, it was like no time had passed. She knew it wouldn’t last, but was content on grasping it for as long as she could. “Where’s my present that you definitely didn’t forget in the car?”
“Will you marry me?”
Steve looked down at his new combat suit and smiled. “
“This isn’t the way to do it, Obie. I won’t do it.”
“Don’t move!” the cop shouted nervously.
Clint started shaking again. “But, but Phil, I- ”
Continuing down the hall, Tony found that he was in some abandoned warehouse; very easy to maneuver.
Clint’s thoughts moved to Laura. His days were filled by an ache to return to her, to his family. But he couldn’t. The file he found at the campsite was filled with profiles of each of the Avengers, new and old. Clint couldn’t go back to them yet, not with the rest of the operation still alive. Going back to Laura could put her and the kids in danger, not to mention that he might be leaving the rest of the team unprotected against the rest of
Gathering all the pictures together, Tony froze when he heard a dull rhythmic thumping. He dropped the sketches, not stopping to see where they fell, and slipped back into the meeting room. Tony crept down the stairs, movements silent as the thumping got louder.
“We can’t leave Phil behind,” Steve argued. “Think about Clint!  We have enough intel on Pierce, and now Stane, to cut another deal. Don’t forget that the FBI is after them too.”
“You too,” he whispered against the brunette’s lips before the man was gone, scampering out of the room. Steve frowned as he watched him leave before walking over to his desk to grab his gun.
“No,” Barton snapped. “
“With this,” Tony breath, rapping his knuckles against the glass casing of the new reactor, “I won’t ever have to do it again.”
Steve hadn’t thought twice about the fact that Tony wasn’t answering his phone. Steve hadn’t thought twice about heading to base before helping Tony first.
“Complicated?” Tony finished.
Bright laughter caught both of their attention. The pair turned to watch Tony babbling animatedly, no doubt telling Phil some ridiculous story, and man shaking his head and chuckling. Steve walked past Clint to join the pair, sliding next to Tony, throwing an arm around the man’s shoulder. They all looked at home at the table, like they were always meant to be there, with him. Phil laughed again at something Tony said. Steve bent down to feed Lucky some crumbs that were left on the table. Clint could feel the phone burning in this pocket and smiled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha, Tony, and Rhodey stood in the back alleyway of the supposed hide out for the bomber, Nickolas Beattie. The three had opted to take a car to the site, thinking that taking a quinjet would be asking for a little too much attention.
Tony scanned through the crowd again, towards the back, until his eyes landed on Steve. If Tony didn't know he was already there, he wouldn't have even seen the blonde. Standing in the shadows, hiding from the crowd. It was for his own safety - Tony wasn't sure how many people would recognize him as Joseph Grant.
Bucky's Florida life is 1000% inspired by B99.
Bucky smirked as he wiped the blood off his metal hand on their captive’s shirt. “What can I say? I got lost in the moment.”
“I’d start bringing you lunch to SI, and we’d eat together in your workshop as you try and explain what you’re currently working on," the blonde added. "I’d selfishly keep you out late, only to give me a better chance to stay the night. And if things still go well up to that point, I’d take you on a trip. South, I think. I’d like to see you spread out on a towel, lying the day away as you tan beneath the sun. I’d take you camping, and even though I think you’d hate it, you’d still do it. For me.
“Yes, you do,” Barnes said with a roll of his eyes. “You just want to do what you always do and avoid talking about it. The Commandos are falling apart; people have already made off for the hill already! Steve’s got the whole place on lockdown and won’t let anyone out of his site. I had to have Barton squeeze me through air vents to get out. We’ve got no leads, no info, nothing. We’re all just sitting around waiting to die at this point!”
“Oh yeah?” Clint asked, pushing himself up to rest against his elbows. “Sure you wanna ask me? Word on the street is that I’m not too stable right now.”
“What?”
Bucky watched as the man moved meticulously over the weapon, checking to make sure everything was set before he nocked an arrow against the taut string, drawing his toned arm back. Clint’s breathing slowed, the hunter emerging, stalking his prey.
he thought to himself.
“Is it in the building?”
Everyone makes assumptions. We can’t help it.
“You got about fifteen seconds to get out of this house before I come over there and start swinging.”
“No way that you didn’t check the sizes before looking at the colors, Steve.”
“You carry the weight of the world on your shoulders,” Thor soothed. “You need to let us help you.”
That was Raza.
Tony couldn’t leave him. He promised.
Working alone was like the good old days. Clint could move fast, taking down the rest of the operation silently. There was no one to worry about, except for himself. But at that point, dying on his vigilante mission didn’t seem to be a major concern for Clint.
Finally tearing his eyes away from the paper, Steve stood up, walking over to his son, digging into the steak on his plate.
Steve looked at Tony, probably having the same internal conversation that he’d just had with Phil. “Well, I’ve heard nothing but Clint’s odes to your tacos for years, I can’t exactly pass up on this opportunity, could I?”
“If you’re sure,” Steve responded.
did you get here?”
“Save it, Hill,” Fury interrupted.
“You’re right, you need me. Let’s go.”
Tony spasmed in Steve’s grip, moaning deeply as one of his hands moved down to cradle Bucky’s head. He bent over the counter, pushing closer to Bucky and further into Steve’s iron grip. “Then what the hell are you waiting for?” the man asked breathlessly, looking over his shoulder back at Steve.
“I know I’m asking too much. But I need to ask it anyway, because I know that somewhere in that thick head of yours, you know I’m right. I’ll be as safe as I can be with The Commandos. Letting Tony Stark go on a rampage could ruin us all.”
The brunette sighed, sitting up, Steve mirroring him. He had to tell him about Phil. That was the right thing to do, wasn’t it? If he didn’t say anything, no one would be the wiser – the FBI would be off their ass and onto Pierce’s, but they’d never see Phil again. But it was
Tony snorted, clinking their glasses together. “Well I’ll be damned, Barnes, but it looks like we finally found something we can agree on.”
the man underneath him sobbed.
I’ve been waiting weeks for you to ask me. Don’t worry, I’ll go finish Stark off.”
Steve shook his head, scrolling past to see the messages that had accumulated from the man as well.
Rumlow shook his head. “No. Or at least, I don’t think so. He was here for something else.”
So Barnes had sat quietly the entire ride, listen to Tony sob out his recent blunder with Phil. He stayed silent well after they’d gotten to the lab, Tony’s guilt getting the best of him, forcing him to tinker with something to alleviate some of the stress.
“Tony?” Steve answered, sounding a little too desperate.
Steve found himself stumbling on the steps. “No,” he stated, mostly to himself. “I really wouldn’t.” He bit his lip to try and stop him from smiling as he raced up the rest of the stairs to catch Tony. Trailing back into the main room, he found that everyone had regathered around the police scanner.
"Absolutely not. He's a convicted murderer."
Pierce clenched his jaw. “Did you hear me? I said Stark was there. You told me they were done.”
“Because you were always so innocent,” Clint smirked into his drink.
“the usual.”
Steve let out a controlled breath, glaring down at the tiny machine. He thought about the satisfying sounds it would make if he crushed it in his hands.
Steve jumped as yet again, his car’s radio shouted another alert. “All units, we have a bus robbery in the vicinity. I repeat, all units- ”
He heard Yinsen sigh next to him. “I am not deaf; I heard you the first three times.”
Clint had been doing so well, lately. Well being a relative term, of course. But it seemed that it the recent weeks there had been tiny slivers, echoes of a Clint that the team had been long since buried alongside Phil. But telling him this? Well, Steve honestly didn’t know how Clint would respond. And that was what terrified him the most. Steve didn’t miss the irony of the situation; who knew that such could news would potentially have the most devastating reactions.
It was Steve.
And it needs to be dealt with.” The Captain pushed Tony away, the metal chair he was tied to rocking unsteadily from the force.
“The SSR was responsible for putting a lot of people behind bars,” Steve stated. That was, until HYDRA got sick of the status quo and murdered them all.
Steve gaped. “Umm, Wednesday.”
The seconds ticked on. Steve didn’t say anything.
Clint sighed. “Fine.”
Chapter 3 is almost done as well; should be up by the end of the week. :)
“Hey, man.”
Barton nearly collided with the minivan he was passing. “
“I’ll do it.”
“Steve- ”
“Well how was I supposed to know that you were HYDRA!”
He could feel it gnawing in his gut, growing with each intake of air. How could he not be angry? Each day peeled back a new layer, revealing a new dilemma, throwing another player in the ring.
Tony pulled away to look up at him. “Absolutely. I can’t hide down here. I need to do everything I can to keep our people safe.”
Hammer rolled his eyes. “Did you hear me? Stark weapons.
Ugh, all the fluff.
Clint couldn’t help but flinch at Pepper’s shrill tone. After moving in to the tower, Clint had the pleasure of watching the domineering CEO turn Tony into a pile of mush about once every week. While back then it had brought endless enjoyment for Clint, actually being the one who actually who pissed off Pepper was horrifying.
“Hey, you can’t- ”
“Don’t look so put out,” the brunette continued. “Dinner means the possibility of me naked in
“WAIT!” Steve shouted. “It’s Joseph Grant! My name is Joseph Grant. I told you, now
“What?”
“Steve, shut up.”
Tony tried to stay nonplussed, but he knew he was failing miserably, his frantic heartbeat a dead giveaway. He always saw Barnes as a threat, but
“That wasn’t you?”
“I thought you were going shopping?” a voice came from the couch. His roommate, Bucky, laid sprawled out on the furniture, gray eyes flickering momentarily to Steve’s empty hands before they slid back towards the television. He was already in his uniform, donning even his jacket and shoes. No doubt the man was waiting until the very last second until he had to leave for his
There stood Sam, gun in hand, face beat to hell. His eyes swept over the carnage in the room. “Have fun?” he asked with a bloody smile.
Tony lowered his arm. “You’re a Looper?”
Seeing the literal light at the end of the tunnel would have had Tony laughing if it not for his desert dry throat. He dragged Barnes out of the sewer, laying his as gently as he could against it. Looking back, he could see the base, what was left of it really, fully engulfed now by the orange of the fire and the red and blue of sirens, both flashing brightly in the night sky.
Loki laughed louder this time, his condescending tones echoing through the small room. “Like you have anything I could want. No, no, Captain. I need you to
“You’ve never been with a man before?” Steve shot him an incredulous look.
“Don’t bother, I’ve already tried that. For me to sleep comfortably through the night, I need the room in like the mid-50s, but I can’t do that to the two of you! It would be like living in an icebox, which you’ve both already done the time for!”
Steve furrowed his brow. “No clue,” he answered. “He said it was just another favor that I owe him.”
He locked in on Bucky’s name. Ever since they’d been sent into witness protection, he’d had nothing but time to think and reflect on everything that had happened. There were a lot of things he wanted to say, but never thought he’d get the chance.
“Why don’t you start by telling me why you had a file on Alexander Pierce in your apartment.”
Steve took a final look around the dimly lit room before turning, jogging up the stairs and out of the speakeasy.
Steve’s hand drifted to Tony’s hair, drawn to it like a cat to yarn, twisting the curly locks between his fingers. He hadn’t realized how long it had gotten, but he liked it; long, unkempt tresses just begging to be pulled.
“I can’t just smash through a wall; the building is gonna come down on top of us!”
Tony had every right to blame him for what happened to his family. Phillips knew there was a mole, there had to have been. Information that only the SSR were privy to was broadcasted all over New York, and no one could figure out how it was being done. And then, one by one, the SSR had fallen. Steve had tried so hard, did everything he could to save them. And he couldn’t.
Iron Man is a murderer. He and his weapons kill thousands in the future. He is the reason Peggy was dead. Rogers couldn’t sit idly by and let it happen. He had to stop it. No matter the cost.
he thought to himself, imagining Steve pile deeper with each thrust. “More,” he gasped. “More, Steve, please, I need- ”
And no Happy.
“You are,” Natasha argued. “I would know if you weren’t. Besides, you lasted longer this time. You’re getting stronger.”
Raza flung the smaller man out of the way, eyes only for Tony. “You refuse to help me and I torture you. Back and forth the game goes, but there’s never a winner. I’m changing the game now, Stark.”
He'd been so careful not to let anything slip - the name Steve Rogers was a relic. No one was supposed to care bout him. He was Pierce's for the taking. While his brain was screaming at him, he tried to remain unfazed. By the way Stane was smiling at him, however, Pierce knew that he had failed. “Who?”
“Well, Sir, I- ”
“It’s not that, Sir. There has been another explosion. At the Avengers base.”
Before leaving, Bucky paused, giving a last glance to the corner of his closet. His go-bag that had been packed immediately, as soon as he first stepped foot in his new house. Stuffed full with clothes, loose cash, and some pocket knives. He’d even managed to finagle a fake I.D. from some kids at the local college. He’d itched to go out and buy a gun – criminal or not, it was laughably easy to get his hands on one down here – but he had held off. He wasn’t going to give his FBI handler an excuse to raid his house, or worse, have him pick up and move. Besides, he knew his neighbor had one in his garage; it would be just as easy for him to swipe it on his way out.
“Barton first,” Stark grumbled. “I can’t take any more of his bitching,” he continued. Steve stared in disbelief back down at the brunette, but let Bruce head over to Barton. He could hear Bruce’s disappointed huff as he dressed Clint’s wound, but Steve only had eyes for Stark.
Wanda just shrugged. “I’ve got nothing to report.”
Tony never got a way to contact them. For all the blonde knew, Tony and Barnes were supposed to be back at base.
“No.”
Clint turned to face Loki. “Let’s go.”
He nodded to Tony with a wide smile, clapping Tony on his back as he headed up to the podium. Tony could see the faint uneasiness sitting behind his icy eyes. Tony hadn't confided with him what we was really speaking about today, just telling his CFO that it was just a fluff piece for the press, something for Stark Industries to use to gain some points in the public eye. While there hadn't been anything previous to this that Tony had kept from Obie - especially on matters involving company policies, Obie really did handle this sort of stuff better - Tony knew the man well enough to know what his stance on this would be. And he knew that he couldn't let Obie talk him out of this one. Not this time.
Tony let out a broken laugh, because
“You want me to sell most-likely defective guns to other mobs?”
Steve gasped, chest heaving and a questioning look. Before he could think twice Tony grabbed at Steve’s dick, which had slipped out of Tony after their movement. Steve immediately tensed, his abs contracting as Tony’s fingers danced around it. He fumbled with the hard length, struggling to guide it back towards his entrance. He’d had this done to him multiple times and it always drove him crazy; he could only hope to give Steve a fraction of the same pleasure.
Hearing no answer, Steve opened the door, again being met with nothing but the quiet.
Clint’s head perked up, following the sound of the voice. “
“Oh,” Mrs. Danowitz murmured. “What a very… unique name.”
Tony thumped his head against Steve’s chest. “You have no idea.”
But Pietro was already laughing. Tony groaned at the inevitable. Once Pietro started, there was no stopping that boy. “Well, it’s true,” he grinned.
Thor had taken Steve.
“We really gonna trust this guy?” Bucky asked.
“It has to do with them, doesn’t it?”
This.
Steve woke up gasping for breath. Eyes wide, he took in his surroundings. He was on a cot, in what looked to be a garden shed. Someone had thrown a blanket over him, and left him a jug of water. Steve chugged the whole jug without pausing for air. There was no more drug in his system. Steve took a deep breath; he felt clean for the first time in forever. Reaching for his shield, he turned to go when a voice stopped him.
Tony thought viciously to himself. He placed his mug back under the coffee machine, ready for a repeat performance the next day. Then, Tony went to go stand in the hall.
A future version of Bucky Barnes ran through the streets of New York.
He wore the same face now, walking slowly around the makeshift campsite. Steve found himself blinking away a few tears that threatened to spill over.
Cap. Not you too,” Clint whined, frowning at both Steve and Natasha’s chuckles.
Steve knew that Stark was right. What other choice did they have? Honestly, he would take any kind of answers at this point. Even if that meant doing it Stark’s way. All he could do know is pray that this gesture of good faith keeps Stark on their side. “Do it.”
“He didn’t eat?” asked Bucky, looking down at the tray in the doctor’s hands. Bruce shook his head and Bucky sighed, rubbing a hand across his forehead. “He won’t talk, he won’t eat, he won’t move. I have no idea what to do.”
And with that, The Captain fled.
“How’s the HYDRA hunt coming?”
Bucky almost whispered, pain evident in his voice. “I’m not risking you. I’m not sitting on the sidelines for this; not this time.”
Steve watched him go before turning back into the building, blatantly ignoring the smug look that Natasha was sending him. Fight first, Tony later. The sooner they finish up here, the sooner he could go home. And then, Tony. Easy.
Steve spun around to be met with two new faces. One was a gorgeous redhead, with a polite face and kind eyes. Her posture spoke volumes of headmistress, while her aura brought forth a feeling of a loving caretaker.
“For the number of stupid decisions that you’ve made recently, excuse me if I don’t listen to you,” Tony snapped.
Fury leaned forward, head steepled in his fingers. “And what price would that be?”
“Small talk. Really?”
Tony’s head snapped around, finally catching the shadows from the other similar tombstones.
Tony’s heart was pounding. Steve stopped at base. Where there had just been an explosion.
Natasha narrowed her eyes, not falling for any of it, but her stance softened. “Fine.”
together.”
“No, he just had a cock as big as one.”
“Or,” Tony countered. “You’re just jealous that I’m a master already. All of my S’mores had a perfect golden brown to them, making them gooey perfection. Even Gordon Ramsey would cry.”
“Can you believe it? Forth loop closed this month?”
Tony cracked his eyes open, locking in on one of the many assistants that Strange used. She was strangely clean; her scrubs looking as pristine as they would when they came from the package. Not looking like they had just been locked in a room with a one armed man who was bleeding buckets.
“The heat thing, I could have gotten used to – and I’m sure I could have made strong enough sedatives for the sleeping issue, but this?” he cried. “I feel
Steve sighed, tapping a few more buttons on his phone. “JARVIS?”
With one final nod to Natasha, Steve and Sam ran into the building.
But somehow, in the midst of everything else, Pepper had managed to surprise him, yet again. But that was so Pepper; going miles out of her way just to make sure she got her point across. Sneaking into the speakeasy, a place she’d avoided like the plague, only to show Tony a glimpse of what she saw through her eyes. A sliver of the humanity that Tony thought he’d lost long ago.
“Because I watched this one mob beat Tony to a pulp. I watched this one mob drown him within an inch of his life. How long until one more mob turns into two? Into three? Bucky, we’ll be lucky that we last until the end of the week before the rest of New York’s criminal system comes knocking down our door demanding my blood.”
Steve ran out the door, running into Rumlow and the rest of the strike team. “Here, this way!” Steve shouted to the team, leading them around to the back of the diner. But Rogers was already gone, using the winding streets of New York to cover his escape.
"You wish," Stane laughed in response. "After what you did, you should count yourself lucky Pierce's men got to you before I let you bleed out in some alleyway."
“He was just going to tell you that I was running late,” Steve lied. “Ran into traffic.”
“Nothing upstairs,” Nat called.
“Alright, as I was saying. I may or may not have gotten a little too rough with Hammer’s man.” A few snorts and quiet laughs answered the blonde. “Just a head’s up that he probably won’t be happy with what I left him. If everyone is staying, then you should now that it’s gonna get heavy real fast. I would apologize for my rash decision but no one spills a Commando’s blood without hearing from me.”
“Who are they?” asked Steve, curiously gazing at the two men tied up, thrashing around against their tight bonds as Clint frowned. He didn’t like where this was heading.
“Maybe you don’t, but I sure as hell do,” Sam tried to joke. “You must be joking if you think that I’m going with Dumb and Dumber over here.”
“So,” Fury continued, “Pierce seemed to have claimed that he found the lost files on zip drives.”
Barton rolled his eyes. “Humor me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Coulson said nothing.
The man Steve had saved from his own suicide. His injuries were extensive, his lawyers the best of the best. That wasn’t even getting started on the other suit filed by the victims of the train accident. Steve didn’t stand a chance.
“See,” Fury started, standing up to pace around the room. “If you would have told me that two months ago, I would have believed you. Now, however, is a completely different story.”
Steve glanced over to an equally suspicious looking Thor, but Natasha cut in. “Relax, guys. JARVIS is a computer. He runs the house.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Steve,” Bucky tried to intervene.
“We’re losing him!”
Tony nodded, starting to unwrap the bindings form his hands.
“The files,” Fury repeated.
All but one.
“You were listening! And here I thought you didn’t care,” Tony answered sardonically.
“So, you agree that he needs to be stopped?”
Tony knew The Captain and his Howling Commandos were no laughing matter. Tony had never personally run into them, and he hoped to keep it that way. When The Captain first showed up on the radar, no one took him seriously. B-list mobsters are always popping up, trying to make a name for themselves, only to land behind bars. But somehow, he and his ragtag groupies had risen through the ranks, claiming Brooklyn for their own.
With one last yawn, Steve got out of bed in search of his new lover. When he walked back downstairs his heart jumped into his throat.
“Now,” Stark said, standing up from the table, “we wait. It won’t be more than a few days before Hammer decides to move, if your girl is convincing enough. I’ve got eyes on the place, you just place a few men there and we’ll be right as rain.” Clint watched as Stark tapped idly away at his phone. “Well, my work here is done; time to do more important things.” He waved a hand carelessly at Steve, not even bothering to look up from his phone. “You know how to contact me if there are any problems. See you around, Cap and mutts.”
Tony shot Yinsen a glare, ignoring how the man’s smile grew, instead shifting around on the cot until he managed to snag the blanket between his good fingers, hoisting it over his body for some semblance of warmth. “Well, you can just forget your Christmas bonus.”
“Tony will be fine,” Bruce assured. “There were a few close calls, but he pulled through. I shouldn’t have been worried. That man will outlive death himself on pure stubbornness alone. Steve on the other hand, is a completely different story.”
“And the first thing you do when you get out is charge down the street guns blazing, isn’t it?” Pierce sneered. “You’re such a child.”
“Oh, so you’re going to pull rank! Last time I checked, my job application was never finalized.”
There were a million things that coursed through his mind, excuses to delay the inevitable, but Steve ignored them. He’d faced certain death before, but astonishingly enough, he was more worried about what way on the other side of that door. Maybe it was knowing that regardless of what happened, he would still be there, and have to live with the consequences.
She needed to do something, fast. Pierce would not leave this building alive.
“JARVIS, Pepper,” he groaned, hoping the AI would understand to get him to the familiar face. When the lift stopped, Tony found himself tripping out of the door and straight into Obie.
"Oh, I'm sorry. It hurts now doesn't it, Princess? Good." He pushed forward, aiming a sharp kick to The Captain's gut. At least he tried to. He had to hand it to the guy, he had great reflexes.
Phil jumped, forgetting that Fury was even there. The man had pulled his chair closer to the bed, looking as he always did: like a man that already knew the answer to questions he hadn’t even asked yet.
Mind pumping into overdrive, Steve leaned forward. His eyes fluttered shut as he felt Tony’s warm pants against his lips. One of Steve’s hands drifted up to hold Tony’s neck, pulling him the final few inches to-
Rhodey shot Tony a dirty look before sighing softly, turning to look at Steve. “Can you
“What?” Tony cried, his chest giving another painful lurch. Pepper shouldn’t be there, she
“How is he?”
He would just have to get someone just as broken.
Sam’s voice chided as he answered the phone.
Repetitive noises sounded behind her and Natasha turned slightly. Ward’s fingers were tapping over his holstered gun, almost nervously, much the same way they had moved over his phone screen. He met her gaze and frowned. “Move it,” he snarled, pushing her forward slightly.
“Steve!”
Steve spun around to be faced with a familiar red head. “Agent Romanoff.” She gave her usual cool smile, before ushering Steve inside.
“Exactly what I was thinking,” Bucky agreed. “It’s about time we get some answers. Besides, it’d be fun to finally get to kick around the people that held your boy for three months.”
“Oh, thank Christ,” Bucky breathed out, leaning against the wall for support.
Alexander Pierce walked down the long hallway, his whistles echoing off the wall as he did. Stepping up to the front desk, he whispered a few words to the guard on duty, the man nodding before pressing the buzzer to unlock the gate separating the prison from the outside world. Obadiah Stane stepped through the doorway, quickly letting the other officers do a quick search of his body. Once he got the okay, Pierce jerked his head to the left, Stane quickly falling into step beside him.
Bucky shot the man a glare.
A weight that he didn’t know he was carrying was suddenly lifted from his chest.
“I know, I just- ” Steve breathed out slowly. “I need answers.”
He let the car crash into some trash cans, and stumbled out. Trying to walk failed, as one of his legs disappeared. “Wait! WAIT!” Bucky screamed into the night. “I’m here!”
Tony could see the flurry of emotion flash across Steve’s face, but to Tony’s surprise, the blonde held it all in. Instead, he reached for Tony again, twisting slightly so Tony was encased in his hold. The two lay there in silence, Tony pushing closer to Steve, hoping the man would feel his steady heartbeat. “Tell me you’ll be alright,” Steve finally uttered.
“TONY!”
Their prisoner’s eyes bugged out of their sockets, his head snapping towards Thor as his pleas increased. “Oh no, my friend. You attacked The Captain’s men today. You answer to him.”
“Tony, you know that- ”
Obie was anything but stupid – there was no point. Tony walked down the rest of the steps, eyes firmly locked with the floor as if that would help him escape his impending doom. He reached the main floor, and Tony waited to see who would speak first. When he was met with silence, Tony sighed, thinking that Obie was just waiting for him to explain himself. He looked up to try and reason the scene in front of him and stopped.
Steve knew, as the first punch landed, that it wouldn't be the visual that haunted him for the rest of his life. It would be the sounds, the ones that he that he heard, the ones that he didn’t. Tony just sat there and took it. It was sickening. He didn't bat an eye as they pummeled into his ribs, bruising, if not cracking them. At each slam to the face, Tony would just try and smile, offering a cheeky remark to let Steve know that he was still fighting.
existed. Not for a long time - or so he had thought. “Where the hell did you find this photo?”
The surgeon cleared his throat. “I apologize. You give us any damn advice you please. I’d just feel a lot better if we’d find that bullet.”
“You just couldn’t resist, could you? You
“You think Loki is planning a double cross?”
He and Stark watched as the blonde walked away, the pair of them falling into an awkward silence.
“Maybe it is true what they say,” Clint drawled. “You are a genius.”
“I know.”
“What?”
Obadiah Stane walked over to Tony and squeezed his shoulders. “The business meeting? Tell me you didn’t forget.” Stane gripped the bottom of Tony’s chin, looking questionably at his face.
“We’re not going to stop you, Steve,” answered Natasha, catching up with them. “We just need to go a different way.”
“Until then, we still have to worry about HYDRA. I hate to ask, but Clint?”
Steve blatantly ignored Natasha’s heated stare. “Coming,” he muttered, walking away from the redhead.
Steve’s eyes tracked over Tony’s face, finding a questioning look.
It was one of Steve’s favorite looks. Sure, give him a
for months. It was like you’d vanished off the face of the Earth!”
“I’m sorry, did you say something?”
Bruce couldn’t help but smile up at the wise god.
Tony groaned as he began to pace. This was all his fault. Barnes had tried,
Tony’s eyes widened.
Steve sighed, tossing the bag to Tony. The smaller man dug in immediately, brow furrowing as he pulled out what was inside. “What on Earth is this?”
“What are we doing here?” Bucky asked.
Steve found himself going up in the elevator instead of heading towards the ground, eventually stumbling out onto the roof where the hospital’s emergency helicopter sat waiting. He heard Hill speak over the phone, no doubt pulling enough strings to get them usage.
Steve fought the urge to twitch under Bucky’s gaze. “And what’s to say something’s bugging me?”
“To make sure you do your jobs,” Fury responded blandly.
Out of fear, Tony had skipped a few more business meetings and public appearances, trying to avoid from stepping outside his office (which he promised The Captain he wouldn’t do; the blonde wanted Tony to keep his routine the same to make everything appear normal).
that got him up there. She’d always been a superstitious woman, but then again, almost everyone was down here. There was always a higher power at work, whether it be God or the Devil himself. Christianity, hoodoo, witchcraft, anything really, had a part to play down here. But Sam never paid that any mind. He didn’t believe in fate. He believed in people. People had driven him north, and people had brought him back down South.
Tony’s been in the whiskey again.
“Tony,” she snapped again.
Clint knew how people worked. Past experience taught him that failing people usually meant a bullet in the head. And Clint had failed Captain America. Clint knew how Steve had gone off the handle after Bucky had fallen from the train, ending with a decimated HYDRA base and a plane in the ice. Lord only knows what he’d do now that Clint had let Tony die.
“Steve?”
"HYDRA was never a threat to me!"
Tony could probably count on his fingers the number of times that he had been given anything out of love. And after watching Tony cradle the carving against his chest, Steve vowed to get Tony to look that way as much as possible.
“Tony, I’m so sorry,” Steve whispered, tears forming in his own eyes. “I didn’t know it was hurting you so much.”
Tony was sure that Barnes had no plans of letting anyone in on his little ruse – he’d managed to keep even Steve off his back all these years. But with everything that had happened, there was no way that Barnes could keep up with each blow that came their way. The crew knew for sure, Steve especially, given the way they’d been almost hyper aware of Bucky’s presence, the concern only taking a backseat for Clint’s dire situation. Everything seemed to finally be locking into place these past few days, and Tony was furious that it had taken him this long to catch up.
“Are you nuts?” Barnes cried.
“Where are you?”
Barnes had left him there, dragging an unconscious Clint from the cops, ditching the scene before they were all caught. But he’d thought Phil was dead. Even if he knew that he wasn’t, there wouldn’t have been much he could have done. Charging through the street to get to the injured man would have only resulted in the same ending, only this time with Barnes and Barton also in custody.
Over half of his crew was gone, Coulson was probably dead, and Steve was letting Tony slip through his grasp.
Bucky grabbed his arm. “Don’t go back in. Let them stew for a little bit. Give them time to figure out what they wanna spill to us tomorrow.”
Tony shot him a glare. “Yeah, well this is some very unstable material. We only got one shot at this.”
Stark yanked in Steve’s grip again. “You can’t take me to a hospital, are you
Steve startled out of his thoughts, looking back down at Tony.
“Do they know?” he asked harshly.
“What makes you think I don’t go out the front door?” Clint asked in return.
Tony didn’t mention him much, but Steve had a feeling his first impression was enough to go on. Stane did not sit well with Steve. With the tight grip he shook Steve’s hand and the glares he shot him, Steve knew the feeling was mutual.
Steve’s response was cut off by the lab doors opening and, a dark blur darting across the room before Tony was gone from his arms, now cradled by a panting Bucky.
That was five days ago. Ever since then, a new warehouse was constantly getting overrun by HYDRA’s forces. As soon as Steve and his men would race out to help, there would be two more problems waiting for them. Steve actually had to call Clint back in to help before he had a chance to talk to Phil. With the increased criminal activity, Coulson was putting in the extra hours as well, so there was no free time to snag the officer to ask him about Pierce. Steve knew it was driving Clint up the wall, but until they figured out what was going on, it was out of their hands.
“I’m not one of your trained dogs, Steve," Tony snapped in return. "You can’t keep me locked up!”
“You coming?”
Tony shrugged. “Because I’m smarter.”
Sparky crossed his arms. “Because I’d like to hear what you have to say for yourself. Why did you get into it with that customer a few days ago?”
Steve rolled his eyes. “JARVIS, save whatever he’s working on,” he said as he walked around Tony’s messy desk, grasping his chair and wheeling it over to the door.
“That’s just great!” Rhodes shouted, throwing his hands up to the ceiling. “You’re hooking up with him too!”
Happy Thanksgiving to all those celebrating! (I'm uber thankful for all of you guys!)
It was the modern day Cold War; each side was just waiting for the other to make a move before striking themselves.
Tony smiled like the Cheshire Cat, clamoring out of the bed. “Home already? Wow, what a short flight.”
you need to listen to me. Grab Coulson and- ”
Steve lurched forward to look at the far wall, Sam barely managing to catch him. “It’s not there,” he whispered.
Their moment of peace was broken, need and want quickly taking over them. Tony soon started pushing down desperately, grinding down to meet Steve’s thrusts up.
he's not here!"
Tony broke his eyes away from Steve, glancing back at his lab. His work bench was littered with papers, his tight scrawl covering them in indecipherable ramblings, the pages half covering a photo of Steve holding Peter for the first time. The Iron Man suit, staring blankly back at him, hung open, waiting for the new missiles Tony wanted to install. Lying innocently on the floor, Tony could see the wrench he had thrown at DUM-E earlier for another failed smoothie attempt. Coffee mugs were strewn about, but a sharp pain hit his chest when he realized that the liquid inside was amber instead of black.
Steve counted it as a win when he saw a small smile grace Natasha’s face. “I’ll go get everyone. Ten minutes.”
Iron Man huffed again before patting Steve’s cheek gently. “I have a previous engagement.” With that, Iron Man shot off form the ground and taking flight, the suit dipping gracefully through the skyline before disappearing completely.
Tony chuckled, reaching down a hand to yank Clint off his feet and surprisingly, into a tight hug. “You’ve got a mean right hook, Legolas,” he said.
Not caring for his own safety, Clint raced to the voice. He stumbled into some overturned pipes, giving Clint a nasty gash, but if anything, he pushed ahead faster. Just over the third mound of debris was a familiar red and gold suit. With a familiar man cursing within.
Plenty of time for us to get back on the road so I can go complain to Natasha. In fact, I might just decide to stay with her.”
Every day. Every single day it was the same damn thing.
“I didn’t want to wake you. It looked like you needed the sleep.”
Steve closed his eyes, feeling moisture starting to gather behind his lids. God, he didn’t even know what to say, what he
Steve hissed, his face hardening.
“Right,” Tony sighed, pulling his hands away to run them over his face. “I guess in the meantime, I can start canvasing for Fury. JARVIS and I should be able to find something.”
Clint shot another look at Phil and froze. Clint didn’t have his phone because he dropped it in the explosion. Clint didn’t have it because Phil was currently holding it in his hands.
“You’ve topped for men before!” Steve argued back. “You’ve bound to have encountered this before.”
be serious.”
Yinsen rolled his eyes. “
“I can have more than one friend,” Tony replied, crossing his arms. “Jealous, much?”
But of course, he didn’t have much of a choice. It was his new home now.
On the other side was a stern looking woman with hard eyes. “Afternoon, sir.”
Pepper where the hell were you?! You have a real problem not answering your phone when I need you to. You are going to be the death of me.”
Tony crossed his arms. “You don’t have anything on us.”
He could see Tony smirk, no doubt in triumph. “Good. Now then, wipe that frown off your face. Tonight’s a special night.”
“It’s not like I wanted to leave him there!” Bucky tried to argue.
“Well, what do you suggest?” asked Clint. “Because Stark is our only ally left and he doesn’t seem to be much of a team player right now.”
“Bruce, hey, snap out of it!” Tony said, waving his hands in front of Bruce’s face.
“It’s alright,” Bucky responded, letting his body be squished, even leaning closer. “Probably shouldn’t have led with the water, hmm?” Steve didn’t respond, just opting to press closer to his friend. “You should probably lie back down; Bruce says you're going to have quite a fever to deal with.”
“It doesn’t make any sense,” Barnes said, even as the car jolted forward with increase speed, the driver changing lanes to adjust to their new course. “What the hell could he be doing there?”
“And Steve and I would be stupid if we came here without having something useful.”
Bucky pushed the man’s hands away. “I came as fast as I could. It’s not easy sneaking out, not with Steve starting to ask questions.”
Tony tore his gaze back to his car. What remained of it, anyway. The charred and melted shell of his vehicle stained the once clear street. A small fire still blazed within it, the smoke emitted reaching high into the sky.
Clint sighed before throwing a file onto the table. “After… the warehouse, I came across this. The Suit. His name was Finnegan Thorpe. He was part of this organization called Brimstone. Our new friend downstairs is part of it too.”
The SSR was not something he could ever envision himself being a part of growing up. But it was only a matter of weeks before Steve realized that he couldn’t envision his life with it. Without them.
“What?” Tony scoffed. “You heard Fury. This is the chance to start a new life. Why wouldn’t you want to start something fresh in Kansas? You know what? Forget I said anything,” he snapped, eyes burning.
“Tony, you just made some pretty earth-shattering statements about your company today. It could be important.”
HYDRA was nowhere to be found. It was driving Tony insane.
“Stark, you gotta understand- ”
Steve nodded, hopping up to his feet, placing a hand down to help the other man to his feet. “Well then, we better get cracking. We only have until Friday before you join us on the wanted list for desertion.”
Tony smiled. “When I was younger, guys used to hit on me by floating quarters. I never told them I was TK, I would just hold their quarters down. A guy even burst a blood vessel, he was trying so hard.” Tony felt Steve laugh, the gentle huffs tickling his hair.
“Like you had anything else to do today.”
“Alright, gentlemen,” Fury sighed, sitting back down in his chair. “Here’s my offer.”
“I mean, is there anything even there? I hear South Carolina is all the rage. Maybe you could just come stay with me.”
Sam grinned. “Square deal, Cap.”
Steve immediately snapped his head towards his comrade, eyes searching for any type of injury. “What’s wrong?”
“Well, that’s all well and good,” Fury agreed. “But you don’t have the files, do you? Pierce does.”
Steve welcomed him, easily taking his burden, just as he always did. He laid there at let Tony sob and scream himself hoarse. Just like everything else, Tony didn’t have much energy left, and it wasn’t long before he was quite again, silent and content to listen to Steve’s heartbeat, breath hitching every now and then.
He stepped down onto the main floor, heading straight for the noise and pulling his gun out as he walked. Tony expected to find an old pipe or rusting piece of machinery reacting to the harsh cold of the New York winter, but he wasn’t about to let his guard down. Not with the threat of HYDRA.
By the time Steve had made it back to base, he found himself with an even worse headache. But the peace and quiet he was looking forward too quickly stepped out of reach when he entered through the door. Inside, his crew was bustling.
Steve bit his lip, but shook his head softly. “No. I mean, I don’t think so. But, the bomb…”
“This is a road trip, Steven. You can’t have a road trip without road trip snacks!”
"Alright, Stark; cut the shit. What changed your mind?"
“Clint?” Steve prompted again. “How bad is it? What did Loki say?”
Tony would never forget the day he'd figured it all out, the day he'd traced everything back. His parents were dead,
But this one, Tony would never forget.
What he wasn’t expecting was for Tony to sit back down next to Steve handing him the tablet. “JARVIS finished decrypting,” he whispered, shooting Steve a heavy look.
Steve pulled away from the other man, looking at the darkened room. Not even the lab lights were on. “Tony?” he called into the darkness. “JARVIS?”
“We gettin’ any guns?” Bucky asked, nodding over to where Hill’s team were loading their own weapons.
He had warned Steve. He had told him,
His brother was dead, gone before his very eyes. The scepter was the last thing of Loki’s that he could hold on to. The last way he could remember his brother. They would never understand that.
Tony startled at her tone. Was she that put out that he never called? “I’m sorry?”
Steve raced over to the familiar metal man. It was empty.
Steve’s car turned the last corner before be pulled up in front of the small church. He hoped out quickly, sprinting up the steeple steps. Busting through the main doors, Steve almost ran into Sam. “Hey, is the night still young?” Steve tried to joke.
“This isn’t a joke,” she hissed. “Tony, you’ve been shot, kidnapped, assaulted, and tortured! Ever since you’ve gotten involved with this mafia, it’s brought you nothing but pain.”
Okay, a few things:
do in New York. First thing he did was stop at Riley’s sister’s place. He didn’t go in to visit – that door had shut long ago. He stood across the street, watching a tired mother check her mail while Riley’s nephew – at least four years old by now – ran circles around her in the lobby. Sam could hear him giggling, his golden hair shining under the building’s lights. Logically, he knew that there was a higher chance he took after his father, but Sam liked to imagine a smaller Riley in his place, running about his backyard, toy airplane in his hand.
“Never thought about it until you,” Tony finished.
He stepped out the small room, heading down the stairs and outside to breathe in the familiar New York air.
Warning: It gets a little graphic up in here.
Pierce’s dead stare bored into Rumlow’s. “If you cross paths, kill him.”
“We want Indiana, not Illinois.”
“I’m sure you’ve got quite an answer for the stunt you pulled at the press conference today.”
“Hey, you can’t go in there. It’s not safe!”
A sharp noise broke past his ears, as a man appeared on top of the tarp. On his knees, hands tied behind his back, a canvas bag over his head. Just like the others. The man barely had time to scream before Steve threw his shield at him.
“No, you keep talking to me, alright?" Clint begged. "I need you to keep talking to me.”
Checking his phone, he noticed he had a text from Sam saying that Thor was still at the police station. If what Thor had told them yesterday was true, then Loki might be out of the picture for good. The blonde was over at the station right now, with Sam keeping an eye on him from the distance, no doubt getting a complete report from the officers on duty. Of course, now that Loki has been arrested, Steve could only think about the presence of Pierce. Would be drop the charges on Loki? Would he throw out the case entirely? Or would be go so far as to cover it up by blaming an innocent?
“What the hell?” Tony panted.
Steve thought to himself. ‘A few more minutes’ is what he told Tony last time he asked to come out. And the time before that. Truthfully, the whole process should have only taken a few minutes, but no matter what Steve did, he never felt satisfied with the end result. But he knew he couldn’t put it off any longer. Steve groaned quietly, thinking again what a stupid idea this was before walking back to their car to let Tony out.
“It was on fire!” Steve replied loudly. “It was structurally unsound- ”
“A fire,” Steve whispered excitedly. “A fire, Sam! And we’re close!”
Steve gave a hollow laugh. “That’s too bad. We don’t want anything from you.”
Steve frowned, inching closer again. "You know the answer to that. You know how much you would be worth to people like them."
How wrong Phil was.
Tony looked over to the side table next to his bed. He reached out before his hand closed over the small buzzer.
Steve blushed furiously, but he couldn’t tell if it was from the comment, or that he had been speaking his thoughts aloud.
Tony pulled back. "Look at me." Steve clenched his eyes shut in response, but eventually relented to Tony's prodding. Looking up at Tony, Steve was reminded of how awful he looked. The parts of his face that wasn't mottled in bruises were pale and drawn, both blood and water drying in his hair.  "Everything that's happened," Tony started, shaking his head slightly. "Everything we've gone through. It was worth it.
The Captain nodded, but didn’t go back to his desk, just continuing to hover over Tony.
He refused to think about it. Tony knew what mobs did to people who weren’t useful anymore.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “I don’t follow.”
Steve, Tony, and Clint had taken the quinjet base to base with Natasha and their new quest. Nat had barely talked, but considering how mad she was at Clint, it was completely understandable. Hell, Steve was absolutely furious at Clint. He was gone for a month and then he just shows up out of the blue like nothing happened? Steve was going to have words with him. Many words.
As Fury watched Steve leave, ne looked at Rumlow. “Call the doc.”
“They shouldn’t,” Steve confirmed. “Why does that matter?”
“Just place them near the largest pile of files you see,” Steve explained. “They won’t go off until I give word to JARVIS, so we’ll have time to clear out. Tony thinks we should only need one, but I don’t think we should take any chances here. We need to make sure that everything burns.”
How are you so calm about this?”
“Fly home, kid,” hissed Steve. “I work alone,’ the blonde continued as he began his fight against The Wrecking Crew.
“Captain America,” Piledriver sneered.
“You worried about me, Mr. Stark?”
“No. Two months ago is when I started looking into you.”
Clint held back a snort as he watched Tony’s face scrunch as he replayed his previous statement. “Man, I’ve been hanging out with your guys for too long if I’m totally okay with what I just said.”
Barton snorted. “How the hell did you pass Stark’s interviews? You know he does fifty billion background checks on everyone. You wouldn’t have made it past hacking skills; he would have found you out in a minute flat.”
he thought to himself.
Steve drew their hands together, the digits interlocking perfectly. The pair descended into silence, only broken by the jets in the tub and the occasional bird chirping back at the morning sun.
He knocked on the door to the bedroom softly, ear pressed against the door. It was strange, having to knock at his own bedroom door, but he didn’t want to startle Steve. Tony had already checked the blonde’s own room and his office, to no avail. He should have assumed that Steve would go straight to Tony’s room. After all, he’s been staying there ever since Tony came back from his captivity.
The receptionist looked at Steve warily, but made the call upstairs anyway. The silence that followed was awkward, with Bucky tapping his foot on lightly against the hard tile, Steve biting his lip as he watched the employee talk with Pepper Potts.
Tony’s mind was in overdrive. It was one thing to be in a one-on-one with The Captain, but this was something else entirely. The Captain doesn’t get nervous; he’s one of the most powerful mob bosses in New York. He doesn’t get nervous. He
Steve felt Bucky’s firm hand grip the collar of his shirt, dragging Steve away from his current path to his office and to the stairs, leading him down.
“You haven’t figured it out, have you?” Steve chuckled.
Delmar White sat next to him, still trying to catch his breath from the recent event.
Phil pressed forward one final time to give Clint a lasting kiss. “I love you,” he whispered, calming voice sending a shiver down Clint’s spine. “Now go, get out of here,” he said, pushing Clint’s phone back into his hands. “And when I call you later, you sure as hell better answer. Got it?”
Steve nodded over to Bruce, meeting the man in a firm hand shake. He guided Bruce over to Stark, but the man brushed the doctor off.
“I missed you. We all did.”
It was usually ‘build this’ or ‘hack that’, the same old spiel that Tony almost had memorized himself. Whatever asshole he was dealing with at the time would make his demands, threaten him with torture. If Tony was lucky, sometimes they would throw the word ‘murder’ around. And then Tony would laugh, crack his jokes, maybe get punched once or twice - life isn’t perfect - and then, cue Happy.
Tony sighed. “Well, it’s been a rough couple of weeks.”
“Of course. What are you asking me to do?” Thor asked warily.
“I’m not interested,” Steve answered immediately, before dropping the phone away from his ear and ending the call.
Barton took a breath. “Pierce.”
Steve found himself laughing. "You started it," he responded, voice muffled by Tony's clothes.
The man patted his cheek. "I intend on doing just that. You see, you might be willing to sacrifice yourself to stay quiet, but tell me. Are you willing sacrifice your friend?"
Tony gave a small smile. “Yeah, he was always the best out of us all. Comes with being the only one in the family with a moral compass.”
Steve closed his eyes, cursing in his head as he heard Tony sigh.
“Cutting it pretty close, aren’t we, Cap?” Tony said with a wink.
“Well, that was dramatic.”
“I trust you. And, Clint?”
He had searched Kurt’s body, body racked with grief. Maybe he could get in contact with the family. Steve found a family photo. Kurt, with his brother Amand, mother and sister.
Coulson nodded. “He’s deep undercover. I never knew.”
Tony felt his eyes close, jaw clenching. There. That was it. One simple word to send his world crashing to the ground. One simple word, that’s all it took. That’s all it ever took.
it. But that wouldn’t stop Steve.
Or course Steve wasn’t just anyone. Steve was everything to Tony.
Sam didn’t find out that Riley had become the reason he fought until it was too late.
Steve was silent for a long time, looking at the cells in front of them.
“Something stupid, that’s what.”
“Tony, what’s wrong? Is it Clint?”
A burst of angry tones blasted in response, and Steve slumped in his seat, realizing that he probably should have answered his phone.
Oh, God.
Getting a closer look, Tony tried to carefully step around the rotting garbage and unmentionables that had washed up from the shore, and what looked like a decomposing seagull. Tony gagged, but pushed on, safe haven the only goal in mind. The drain was enormous, leaving ample room for Tony to stand up straight as well as avoid the grimy walls. Walking a little way in, Tony was met with a rusted steel grate, most likely to stop any large debris from falling into the river. Tony bypassed it easily; part of it had been broken off, Tony able to lift it up enough for him to slip inside before it fell back into place before continuing on. The walk inside the drain, to say the least, was dreadful. The air was stale and rotten, making Tony’s eyes water, the tunnel nearly pitch black, but he pushed on none the less.
But that was part of the reason that made Steve so dangerous. He was worse than a mother bear when separated from her cubs. And that mother bear is currently at Stark Industries. Where there had been two bombs. And where Tony had left his empty suit. Steve was probably not in the best state of mind. Not after recent events.
Coulson had been an enigma. Who Steve had originally thought to be just another swooning fan, had turned into being one of the most terrifying people Steve had ever met. Coulson shot Barton a glare, getting the archer to drop the food he was currently stuffing in his face, and to cower into a seat. “I’m sure you’re all aware of the fact that Mr. Stark has graciously offered to house you all until we find a more suitable location to… contain you. I expect that you will all be on your best behavior, as well.” Barton got another glare. Steve couldn’t help but smile. Coulson may be in charge of a group of potentially dangerous people and can probably kill a man in more ways than Steve could count, but in the end, Coulson was just a babysitter.
me. Hoping to take down two birds with one stone? Why stop with HYDRA when Tony Stark was just sitting a couple blocks down the road?”
was a weakness, and just another way for him to get killed.
The man put his hands on his knees and stared straight at Tony. “Well, it’s a good thing I have a few dogs of my own," he replied, ignoring Tony's quips. "Of course, it could be a problem that I won’t let them off the leash. You’re right; they’ve probably never even been outside of Brooklyn.”
“Will do. Stay safe out there.”
Clint shrugged, keeping his body loose with indifference. “Can’t help it if no one’s coming in to shop. Sales are down, of course they’ll be cutting staff.”
“Please,” Tony smiled. “Don’t make me laugh.” When Fury didn’t respond, Tony continued. “We done here? You can’t detain me without a charge.”
” Steve asked, his voice dripping with disgust.
“A lot of soldiers have a hard time moving on, after they get back,” Steve murmured lowly. “Myself included. It’s difficult to come to terms with the fact that we’re still fighting over here.”
Tony had completely forgotten he was on the phone with Natasha.
he’d said.
“You’re a disgrace,” was whispered at him, but Steve didn’t care. His eyes never left Tony. Never left the fact that his eyes were open and he was breathing. The guards threw him back into his chair, retying his hands behind him. Not that it mattered. Tony wasn’t putting up a fight.
his mind supplied- twisting his worn hat between his hands. “Well, boss. I don’t really know. I was waiting at the rendezvous point as planned and then Carl stumbled over, looking, well, looking like that,” the man stuttered out, gesturing to the dead body in front of them.
Steve frowned at the man’s response. His tone.
“That’s right,” Steve replied. “I’ve been looking for you. Should’ve known you would be hiding like the coward you really are.”
“You know what I’d kill for? A hurricane.”
Steve hated his name. Uttering ‘
Tony’s smile. The way that it could light up a room more than fireworks. Or his eyes. How the amber specks seemed to be constantly moving, like tiny little gears continuously moving in those brown orbs. When Tony would bite his lip when he has caught up in his own head, nimble hands dancing over his creations with practiced ease. Or when he scrunched his face when the days first light hit his tanned face, causing Tony to burrow further into Steve’s chest.
“Besides,” Tony added. “I come bearing gifts.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a slim phone before chucking it into Bucky’s outreached hand.
Steve felt himself blush again.
A flash of metal glinted against the light.
Phil shivered at the dark tone. That wasn’t Clint. That was Hawkeye, The Captain’s deadly eye in the sky. It always managed to surprise Phil that Clint could change like that, like a flip of a switch. Gone was the easy going farm boy, replaced with a deadly threat that stalked through alleyways. “First Calvary Church. Queens. Find Steve. Bring your boys home.”
“It’s working,” argued Bucky. “Stark’s not his father. He cares.”
Steve wouldn’t let the two of them out of his sight for weeks.
Steve yanked his face out of Bruce’s grasp. “I want to be here when he wakes up.”
Tony hummed into the kiss, frowning as Steve pulled away. “Which way would make you more comfortable?” the blonde asked.
Steve had told him one late night they were sat in the blonde's office.
Steve tasted iron in his mouth as he bit his lip to stop him from screaming. The pain and the shock must have caused Tony to feel so cold. Of course, now Steve was only picturing a freezing Tony, sinking beneath layers and layers of ice, all alone. Without thinking twice, Steve clambered on the bed, careful not to jostle any of the tubes connected to Tony, wrapping the smaller man in his arms. “I’ll keep you warm,” Steve said in a shaky voice, kissing the spot behind Tony’s ear.
“Now, wait just a second- ”
The Captain scoffed at him. “What are you gonna do? Throw money at the guy until he talks?”
“I am so fucking hot,” Tony repeated. “Like, all the time.”
“Undercover Chippendale,” another voice responded.
What the hell were they going to tell him?
he thought. No, Tony really didn’t. And after today, he was done with The Commandos.
“How?” Steve snapped. “How can you help? You know where HYDRA is? You know how we can stop them?”
Steve let Bucky pick him up, but faltered. Something wasn’t right. Something was missing.
“And did you see him- ”
“That bad?”
The maintenance entrance was out of the way, tucked neatly in the alleyway giving easy access for trucks to move in and out. Now, however, the alleyway was filled with frightened people, his employees, pushing and shoving their way out of the door and to safety. Clint and Tony pushed through the crowd as best they could, slowly making their way against the current. They were almost inside when Tony caught a flash of red hair.
“Shh,” a voice filtered into his ear, his head turning towards it immediately, despite the pain. It was a comforting blob to look at as his eyes slowly shifted into focus.
Hammer snorted. “Oh, yeah? What’s he got in his arsenal that can scare The Captain?”
“Here’s a list of everyone that was in the building at the time of the shooting,” Natasha said, handing Clint a small file while gesturing over to a small group of people that had been collected into the briefing room.
“Tones, you weren’t exactly in the best shape," Rhodey frowned. "It’s a miracle we found you stumbling around down there in the sewers at all.”
“Who said that?” asked Thor, reaching for his gun. “Show yourself.”
A pause. “What was that?”
“Arm,” Bucky croaked out.
“I certainly hope so,” Tony replied, wagging his eyebrows.
Clint had disappeared after the warehouse. After The Suit. After the remote. Steve had explained to him that he thought Tony had perished there as well, back at the hospital. If Steve thought Tony was dead, Clint could just have easily fallen under the misconception. “You thought I was dead. Because of The Suit.”
“You’ve never had one?”
“A bomb?” Tony pushed Yinsen out of the way to see for himself. Sure enough, down a ways was the shelled remains of the hallway that had led Tony to way too many ‘interrogations’. “Sunlight,” Tony said suddenly, as he finally managed to take in the light streaming down into the dark, cave-like sewer.
Steve looked around the room, meeting everyone’s expectant faces. “I think this just might work.”
Of course, he should have realized that Pepper was not one of his teammates, and doesn’t bow to authority. If anything, it gets her more riled up. Her gentle fingers turned to stone as she gripped Steve’s chin, forcing him to make eye contact. “Steven Grant Rogers, you listen to me. Your son has been up for God knows how many hours, being lugged around by you pacing up and down this hallway. He probably hasn’t eaten all day, and is covered in both you and your husband’s blood. Give me the child.”
“I’m not on a HYDRA op!” Delmar continued when Barton reached for his gun. “No, no, no, I am HYDRA, I promise!” Barton looked at him warily, but put his hand back on the steering wheel.
If the suit was here, where was Tony? Tony had taught him enough about the suit for Steve to know that the suit was dead. The fact that that bottom half lay really close to a huge chunk of ceiling did not sit well with Steve.
Steve frowned at the confession. “He listens to my podcast?”
to whatever story he was going to spin. Nothing would be worth the months of grief.
“I’m sorry, I must be missing something, still,” Steve interrupted. “You bought some buildings for some scones?”
“Think about it, Steve,” she continued softly. “JARVIS is offline. You saw the state of the lab. Tony Stark may be a mess, but there is a method to his madness. Someone else was in there poking around.”
Tony shrugged. “I just thought I was that good of a lay.”
“That’s real?”
“Yeah, Phi-," Clint broke off, eyes getting dangerously empty before continuing, "we had to go out of our way to file a police report because no one else had done it.”
He strolled down the hallway, shooting a quick salute to the blushing receptionist. He slipped into the bathroom, making a beeline to the sink. Cranking on the faucet, Clint put shaking hands under the cold water, splashing it on his face. He repeated for a few minutes, until he felt the cool tile start to make its presence known through the warmth of his sock. Clint looked down, smiling slightly at shoeless foot.
“Yeah, well your company did.”
“I’m serious, Bruce!”
Steve was gasping now, his eyes blown wide. Tony was going to die. Steve was going to let him die.
Stane clenched his jaw. “Fine.”
Obie hissed beside him, grabbing for his arm.
“Slow down, Steve.”
“Don’t you ‘Ms. Potts’ me,” she snapped. “You have a lot of nerve showing up here, Joseph Grant. Or should I say The Captain?”
Steve anxiously started to follow the small trail of blood leading down to the fire escape stairs. Tony was still out there. And Steve needed to find him.
“What, took a nap? Cap, that’s the first time I’ve seen you crash in days; you needed it.”
His boss, sitting across the desk narrowed his eyes. However, the other man in the room began to protest. “Well, whatever it was, it can wait,” he snapped. “Pierce, you need to get a better handle on- ”
“Shawarma?” Clint added, examining the sign. “What the hell is that?”
“Um. Buck, I- ”
Which is how Steve found himself in Tony’s office three days later. When Tony never called him after the incident, Steve took it upon himself to reach back out. Using his old disguise from the weapons demonstration, Steve had walked back into SI donning a fake military uniform, claiming to have a meeting with Tony Stark. A few lies and innocent smiles at a blushing receptionist, and Steve was in.
Loki’s eyes swiveled over to Tony, Steve stepping forward slightly, as if unconsciously trying to stop the threatening gaze. “Ah, Anthony. It’s been a while, hasn’t it? Now this,” he jeered, nodding towards Steve. “This I didn’t except. Since when did you join back up with this motley crew? Offer you something you didn’t have yet?” he drawled.
Steve clenched his jaw. He could hear the groan of the metal bars along the side of his bed, bending under the pressure of his hands. He wasn’t sure what words were about to come from his lips, but they never made it out as Steve found himself taking in Hill’s disposition.
Steve smiled at Pepper again. When Tony had first mentioned Pepper, back in one of their meetings in Hogan's hospital room, Tony confessed to Steve that it took only moments to know that he needed Pepper.
“He’s where?”
Rumlow’s vision went red. Rogers wouldn’t get away with this. Rumlow looked around the room until he found a map with a circled location. The other agents said that the present Steve was there. Which meant Rogers was going there too.
Clint slipped away from the crowd, darting down the back streets until he reached his destination. The train yard was quiet and still, looking like a graveyard for the old box cars. He hopped over a chain-link fence, landing in the overgrown weeds that had infiltrated the abandoned space. Clint stepped onto the tracks, walking in between the cars, eyes sweeping over each one.
Sure enough, not far from where they had landed, was the quinjet that he kept on the farm.
“Well, you’re going to have to sit down long and hard to think, then. The fact that they’re targeting you means serious business. Now, I could give a rat’s ass about what happens to you, but if there’s a potential for a mob war, I need to know about that. I have a city to protect.”
Her hands itched for the shaving kit, just to feel the weight of it in her hands. Her uncle’s set was long gone, melted down and charred up in the remnants of their original base, along with most of her belongings. When she’d gone silent that month to look for the men who planted the bomb –
“You don’t know anything else.”
Bucky hissed next to him.
“Then I don’t believe I can help you.”
“Ugh, this heat,” Tony moaned. “Get me the hell out of here.”
“My friend? Bucky?” Steve tried to feign innocence.
“For now,” Phil snorted. “That man is going to be in a world of hurt when he wakes up.”
He still remember making the call from the last two that had been killed, massacred by HYDRA. Husband and wife butchered on their way to work. He was no stranger to death, but trying to explain over the phone to the husband's brother what happened was nearly impossible. They were
Once Barnes was gone, Tony turned back to The Captain, looking him over. The blonde looked exhausted to the bone, not to mention infuriated, covered in blood, grime, and sweat. The Captain ran a hand through his already greasy locks, looking idly around the room.
“Is that everyone?” Sam called out.
“You’d want to do that stuff with me?”
“Why does Fury care what happens to SI?”
“They survived, Cap,” Clint smiled. “Do you hear me? They’re alive!”
He opened his mouth to speak, but Bucky through his hand up, effectively stopping him. “I’m gonna stop you right there. Because that lecture that’s on the tip of your tongue right now? I don’t wanna hear it.”
thought Clint.
advise you to fill out and file a WS2475 form with our legal department on the second floor. I wouldn’t expect someone to get back to you quickly to resolve the matter. I’d like to help, but there’s nothing I can do.”
Bucky must echo his sentiments by the way he swaggered over to Tony and pressed himself against the man’s back, wrapping his arms around Tony’s trim waist. “Come into the kitchen looking like that,” Bucky murmured, pressing a kiss on Tony’s neck. “A man might get jealous knowing you’re wearing it for someone else.”
Tony peeled his eyes open to see The Captain leaning over him with some pain killers and water in his hands. Tony took them gratefully, flicking a small smile to the blonde in thanks. The Captain smiled back easily, leaving Tony to fall into his desk chair, sighing heavily.
He finally allowed himself to slow when he finally made it. His eyes scanned through the crowds, the firemen, the chaos. Until he saw her.
Tony’s voice broke over the cracking flames. “Did they- ”
Tony’s hands shook as they guided him over to the cavity in his chest. Clint caught the end of the plug, looking up at Tony for confirmation. He could only nod, the archer then reaching down into his chest. He let out a sob of relief when he felt the plug connect with the baseplate. His heart echoed the sentiment, pulsing wildly as it tried to reregulate. Black dots danced in front of his vision, threatening to take him from his consciousness.
Tony gaped, coming around to stand next to Obie.
“Steve.”
He put a reassuring hand on her shoulder. “Stark will find something. We’ll have a break through, and then we’ll get the job done. Just like we always do. And besides, it wouldn’t be fun if it wasn’t a challenge, would it?”
“Well you’ve got a really strange way of showing gratitude, buddy,” Tony drawled.
“You’re really going to turn on me? On HYDRA?”
Pepper nodded, her eyes softening. “I know that, Tony. But if it wasn’t Bruce, then who was it?”
Back on the street, Tony immediately dashed back in the direction of the restaurant, cursing when he heard a shout. Turns out The Captain’s men were a lot closer to him then he originally thought. Tony ignored them, his mind focused purely on reaching the cars. As he was running, he uncapped the water bottles, letting the liquid flow down onto the street. He also tore open the sugar bag, dumping most of it off to the side of the road, hoping that the trail he left wouldn’t be noticed by the men chasing him.
“Well what do we do now?”
Barton peeked around the corner, and cursed. Be spun back around to Delmar. “Put your hands behind your back. Put your head down and say nothing.
Steve couldn’t help the smile that tugged at his lips. “Tony is lucky to have someone like you.”
Across the street, 2074 Rogers broke into the library, easily accessing a computer. He looked back down at his hand, his written numbers looking back up at him. He typed the numbers into the computer and hit enter.
“Maybe they’re really desperate. Or a distraction?” Tony pondered. It was a valid theory. From what Tony had told him, there wasn't anything of value at the hit targets. Anything of importance was stored deep in SI's research and development vaults, all financial information locked on Tony's secure servers. Some of the locations did store some of the company's weapons stocks, but they were never touched. It was as if the men attacking were there only to bring chaos, damaging equipment and attacking employees.
something wasn't right.
“Where the hell do you think you’re going?”
“Steve. There was an explosion. At headquarters.”
Bucky looked down. “Do you?”
The woman startled, almost dropping her bags. Tony could only imagine how ridiculous he looked. Running around in his undersuit, covered in dust and grime from the explosions. But hey, he was Tony Stark. He probably still looked better than the average man of their best day.
“Many times on Asgard, my warriors and I were sent to fight on different realms. And I did, of course, for the glory of my home. But after each one I couldn’t help but be faced with grief. And even now, after my brother and the Chitauri, I am faced with the same guilt. I call myself a god, but I am no different than a simple beast, reigning down lightening and terror onto different worlds. I often find myself asking about all the lives that have been lost at my hand, sometimes so much that my grief consumes me.”
It wasn’t a quick drive, inner city traffic making sure of that, but Obadiah quickly found himself losing time, all his thoughts leading back to Tony’s glowing chest.
Tony sputtered, unable to stop the laugh that escaped his lips. “The Captain. Are you kidding me?”
Tony pushed the man away and slammed the emergency stop button, the elevator screeching to a halt. "What the hell, Steve?" Tony hissed. "You can't just show up here. It's not safe for you!"
Steve frowned, but found himself nodding. “You should take someone with you.”
And with that, Pierce stomped out of his office as quickly as he came in. Steve slumped forward, banging his head against his desk.
“Jesus,” Obie whispered.
“I don’t care! Let me go!” Clint snarled.
And so
“Which is why you’re still single,” another voice replied. Wanda stepped out from behind the next car, walking over to the two men. “You might look mature but as soon as you open your mouth, the women go running.”
“No, Sir. My protocols are being overwritten.”
“And I had to be here because?”
Tony snorted. “You are something else, Clint Barton.”
Bucky sucked in a breath, catching up with Steve. “Natasha's right. If they wanted Tony's weapons, they would have made harder attacks at his stocking locations. That wasn't what they were doing. They were just there to cause a scene and draw us out. It was never about what was in the warehouses. It was about who owned them.”
Tony flashed him a grin. “You like? Had to gut the place myself. Howard’s style didn’t really fly with me. Now, it’s a perfect paradise to escape for a few hours.”
Sam, however, was not impressed. “Don’t pull that shit with me.”
Barnes scowled. “Cute,” he grit out, barging in past Tony and into his office.
Barton took a deep breath. “Ok. We’ll go there now. But we’ll have to move fast; knowing my luck, Rogers will be breathing down our necks within a few hours.”
“Hey, hey,” Steve replied, grabbing Tony’s hand, and pulling it away. “It’s alright, it’s okay,” he soother, pressing a kiss to Tony’s temple. “Everything’s going to be okay.”
He ran down the road until he saw someone walking towards him.
“I just think people realize how educational they are.”
. You’re scot free.”
Pierce had once heard that the SSR had managed to infiltrate the Pentagon. They were everywhere and nowhere, always ready.
Tony tried to move, to distance himself from the intimate moment, but his body protested, forcing his to remain stagnant. He could hear Clint sobbing, sounds barely muffled by Phil’s jacket.
"How much did we lose this time?" Tony leaned back in his chair, a hand running over his tired face as he waited for an answer from the surrounding board members.
Steve knew what Tony could potentially become. But he wasn’t going to let that happen. Not to Tony. Steve said he would protect this man. Steve would save this man. Make sure Iron Man will never exist. Change the future.
Steve almost jumped, Tony’s harsh voice breaking the long silence. It was the first thing Steve had heard from him in days; the attack on Stark Industries still fresh in his mind. Steve himself still saw their blood every time he shut his eyes.
“It’s true!” Rogers cried. “Information was being leaked, and I didn’t know- ”
“You think it’s HYDRA?” questioned The Captain.
“I know, Pep, you’ve told me a million times already.”
“Absolutely not,” Thor roared. “I won’t let you go in there and kill my brother.”
“I’m above your laws.” Fury reached into his pocket, flipping out his wallet. A quick flick of the wrist and Phil found himself staring widely at engraved letters gleaming on a square of gold.
“I can’t do that,” Steve replied.
“I can’t,” Steve said, pacing around his office. “I still have work to do.”
Clint shot him a thumbs up and headed towards the door. “Wait.” Tony’s voice rang out again.
Readers,
Tony snorted. “So, last night in paradise,” he said. “You got any plans tonight? Want to play some checkers?”
They didn’t talk right away.
Tony turned to face him, frowning. “Is that such a big shock?”
Clint didn’t wait for an answer; he was out of the door in a flash to hear the rest.
“No shit!” she screamed. “God forbid you tell me that!”
Bruce watched in awe as the girl skipped back over to her mother, who gave Bruce a small wave.
“You cannot be serious, Steve.” Bucky deadpanned.
Meeting Bruce Banner, like most other members of his crew, had been by complete chance. Bruce had been a teacher at a university, a brilliant man with a bright future. He had a sweetheart, Betty, the two of them diving into new research for their field of science. From what Bruce had ever shared with the crew, Betty’s father, General Ross, had never approved of him. Unfortunately for him, it was a two way street; Bruce always knew the military father was a bad egg. Digging into confidential files, Bruce found out way to much about a dangerous military program. Bruce, in spite of his calm disposition, blew up in front of Ross publicly, effectively ending the man’s illegal planning and military career. However, Bruce’s anger, along with the added bonus of hit squad from Ross, cost him his job, Betty, and the life he once knew. Lucky for Bruce, he had a few tricks up his sleeves.
-------------------------
It felt like forever before Phil pulled away, Clint immediately locking his eyes with the other’s lips. “Jesus, Clint, what the hell happened?! Look at you; I’ll get you a doctor, you need help, you need- ”
Which is how he ended up in this situation. Tony had taken such care of him, of them. It was
Steve blinked, pain coursing through his body as he struggled awake the second time today. Around him, the building was in shambles. His body felt like one entire bruise, his brain starting to panic when he couldn't get himself to move. That was until he looked down and found himself still tied to the chair, now sprawled across the ground.
Steve knew it must be worse as the relieved feeling that he was expecting never came. “Then what is it?”
“Dad has some property in South Carolina, a lake house. I’m sure it was at my mother’s instance; she was always trying to get me outside.”
She wasn’t sure what to say to that. She knew that he knew that she would be lying if she said it was fine. She felt the pang of jealously and longing curl in her gut like the unwanted monster it was. But this time she could see the weight that Steve carried in his hands. The price that came with it. And she wasn’t sure she could have handled it herself. “Your happiness is my happiness,” she finally said.
Tony was about to reply before a sharp banging echoed against the locked door of their room.
Steve’s blood ran cold. “I don’t understand,” he managed to stammer out.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Sam snapped, immediately coming to her defense. Red flags started to flash in her head and she looked back towards the elevator. It was coming up.
“I’m not encouraging this,” Steve answered, but he knew his excited tone gave him away. His arm pumped as he pictured Pietro rushing through the classroom.
“While the hell did you agree to that?” Bucky cried. “How the hell are we supposed to take care of each other?”
“Jesus, Bucky. What the- ” Steve started, but Bucky shushed him.
“Didn’t sleep too well,” he said nonchalantly, his shoulders shrugging.
Tony bit his bottom lip. “Not sure. Only a few people have access to my calendar, but since JARVIS can’t find the initial coding to have come from their computers, that means that someone hacked into the private server to update my calendar. Which means we have to go through the CPU’s individually to find a trace.”
He groaned, rubbing a hand across his forehead. Turns out there was much more to Tony Stark than meets the eye.
Oddly enough, the space wasn’t used too much. Every once in a while Clint would feel the vibrations in his feet from rock music that was blaring from below, Tony obviously gathering to wait for Steve to finish the latest mission briefing. Other times he’d stumble down there, the smell of Bruce’s herbal tea leading him into the lab space. Mostly it was just used as a safe haven, a quick getaway. Tony would hole up in there for a day to avoid the aftermath of a fight with Steve; Bruce would sit in silence, head buried in his research after a particularly nasty encounter that called for The Hulk.
“Screw you, Steve. I’m staying whether you like it or not. With or without you.”
Tony groaned. That man could pack a punch. Still, he wasn’t getting off that easy. “So, it’s true what they say. You do have a temper. Let me be the first to tell you that flustered looks good on you,” he said with a wink.
“Oh, he’s my concern now. I know who he is, now. I know what secrets he has.”
“Sam. He’s handling everything with grace.”
“Wow,” Steve found himself saying.
He did not come all this way just to be pushed aside like some damsel in distress. He’s Tony Goddamned Stark. And the only person who can control Tony Stark was Tony Stark himself.
“Tony, why didn’t you say anything?” Steve pleaded. “You were hurting, all this time, and we did nothing. Why didn’t you say anything, we could have gotten rid of it, we could have helped you!”
There were voices again.
“Don’t be like that, Steve. You and Stark got us out of there without a prison sentence or a coffin. Sounds like a win to me.”
“Pepper!” he shouted in relief.
“Don’t thank me yet,” Tony continued. “He knows I’m hiding something, which means he’ll have people watching me. We’re going to have to be more careful about our meetings.”
The Red Skull sighed. “You really aren’t in the position to be making demands, are you?”
“You’re here!” Tony shouted, too loudly – the way he got after not enough sleep and too much coffee.
“Good, that’s good,” Steve agreed, rubbing at his eyes.
his mind hissed.
“I brought the bomb in. This is on me,” replied Sam.
Tony walked over to the office door, pressing his ear against the old wood. When he didn’t hear anything, Tony opened the door slowly, the creaking echoing in the silent room.
Steve whispered, eyes widening as he closed the rest of the gap between them.
“We really do need to stop meeting like this, Officer Coulson,” Tony said, his voice carefully even.
He turned around, looking Tony straight in the eyes.
but he could still save Steve. His boss was out of his mind, blinded by grief and pain. If Steve sat around here, it wouldn't be hard for the cops to piece things together.
“-friend.”
“My informant from the NYPD gave them to me this morning. Someone found the bodies washed up on the shore. Ballistics report confirm your weapons, Stark.”
He pulled his phone out of his pocket, sitting down at a park bench to watch the show. With a few taps on his phone, he waited.
“Newbie. He hadn’t been here for more than six months. His badge got the shooter into Tony’s lab.”
“No running in the house! Hey!”
“Oh please, like that could even be considered the same thing!”
Tony ignored the last comment. "Pull it up."
Yet again, silence engulfed Tony as he sat alone on the floor. He took another long drag of alcohol. There was just too much in his head, too much clutter, too much pain. Would it be too much to ask to just stop thinking for a while? But that was Tony’s brain; the price of having a genius mind was that it never sleeps. It’s always running, always calculating, looking for-
This didn’t make any sense. Why would The Captain know his father? The Commandos weren’t even around when his father was alive.
Bucky reached out and grabbed his arm. “I’m sorry, did you just miss what I just said? My friends I were planning to coerce you into coming back to work with us.”
“Okay, I got it,” Pepper declared. “The copper wire!”
But he was Tony Stark. He didn’t get happy endings.
Noting his now freed hands, Loki brought them back around the chair, rubbing at his sore wrists.
There was a pause on the phone.
This time it was Tony who eyed The Captain.
“It became a thing because you continue to be a dumbass,” Bucky deadpanned. “Speaking of,” he added, turning to face Tony with an unimpressed stare. “Why the hell are you in a suit?”
“Don’t,” Tony cut him off. “There’s a time for that conversation, but it’s not now. Not gonna lie, Cap, but we’re not doing so good right now. We’ve made some pretty bad decisions recently; all of us have. We need a leader.”
Questions built up in her mind, but she already knew the answers. Why were they here? Easy, they were being stupid. How’d they get here?
“I need more than a sorry,” Bucky pleaded. “Take me with you.”
A million questions echoes through his head, his body finally settling on a pained groan for a response.
“Want to tell me what that was all about?”
Steve frowned at the balding man. How the hell was Tony supposed to act after something like this had happened? In fact, Stane looked as if he was the only one out of character here, acting almost distant and unbothered by the fact that two of his employees were just found butchered in the street.
“Listen,” Tony groaned, grabbing at Pepper. “You weren’t supposed to do that- ”
“Nothing I can’t handle,” she replied with a smirk.
Which is how he found himself slipping into not his bedroom like he was supposed to, but one of his new teammates.
“A simple thank you will suffice,” Iron Man answered, stepping into Steve’s space.
Rogers took down the last few agents before he found himself outside Fury’s office. This man had given him a life once; he had given Rogers purpose by putting a gun in his hand.
Tony didn’t even have time to hide before the mob boss had locked eyes with him.
a voice hissed in his head.
Steve’s stomach roiled, but he couldn’t stop his feet from dragging himself closer. Maybe there was a scuffle? Whoever was cleaning out shop got into a fight? Was it HYDRA? The Ten Rings? Neither The SSR nor The Commandos never used this place as a dumping ground, so the bodies didn’t come from them.
This time, Steve stepped forward, his hackles rising. Stark was too cocky, and too smart. Steve needed to get him out of here, away from his family. Every minute that Stark sat in here was another minute he was putting them at risk. "You've crossed too many lines today. I tried to be civil, but you're in Brooklyn now; I won't hesitate to kill you if you continue to piss me off," he snarled.
tell me you didn’t let him- ”
“Good,” Obie replied. “I’ll hold them off in the meantime, but I’ll need something quick.” He tapped at Tony’s chest, right over the reactor.
Pierce rubbed a hand down his face. “I don’t have time to play games with you. I’m too busy trying to clean up the mess that you created.”
Tony walked up next to Steve. “I don’t remember you complaining last night.”
“Sam,” Steve groaned.
“Well, then we need to move faster. It’s a good thing I already have a plan.”
Clint bit his lip, wondering if he could get around without telling them. “Tony Stark.” he conceded.
Stark held his hands up in surrender, but Steve had seen the side-eye he was giving. “I didn’t say anything.”
Steve could see Sam tense, but it didn’t matter. None of it mattered anymore. His mind was a run-away steam engine, plowing full speed ahead towards tracks that weren't there anymore. There was no plan, there wasn't anything - only the hot, boiling anger that fueled the engine to keep racing forward. Steve didn’t even turn to look back as Sam scurried out of the room, finally leaving him alone with the remaining prisoners.
The water dripping from the ceiling pipe echoed loudly through the silent room. Tony narrowed his eyes at it, as is daring the water to leak out again.
Tony groaned again. “Yea, yea I’m fine. A lot on the mind, that’s all.” With that, Tony hopped out of the car. When greeted with the elevator inside Stark Industries, Tony paused.
“I’d like one, yes,” his friend answered dryly. “We keep sneaking out here to do this, and it just… it isn’t right, Steve.”
“You think you’re so clever, don’t you?” mocked The Skull. “You waltzing up here like you still have all the power? I’m sorry to disappoint you, but you don’t; you never have. Even while you’ve been running amuck in this city with your hounds, I’ve been here. Even when you’ve cut new deals and made new allies, I’ve been here. Waiting, waiting for the right moment to strike.”
Both men startled at the voice, The Captain managing to sneak up on both of them, blue eyes blazing with fury.
Tony stared at the man, confused at the topic change. “I’m familiar with it, yes.”
Steve hummed, only half listening, eyes never leaving the stocked shelves in front of him. These ones looked to be on sale, but for once, Steve could give a rat’s ass about the total price tag.
Finally, under shaky legs, Clint managed to stand. He kept to whatever shadows he could find, trying to get as close to the police as possible. Clint swore, wishing he still had his aids in, knowing that’ll he’ll have to resort to lip reading to get any potential information from the boys in blue.
“At least until after another check in with the fuzz,” Tony said with a shrug. “If your handler doesn’t act like anything’s off at your next meeting, then you should be good. I just don’t want to risk anything.”
It seemed that whenever he turned, Riley was always there. Running into each other in the hallways, working the same shifts. Sam was almost convinced the other man was doing it on purpose; like he could sense Sam’s displeasure, and used it for his own fun. It wasn’t until Sam found out that Riley had made the cut to join a covert para-rescue team that he’d lost it. He’d marched right up to his new CO and given him a piece of his mind.
“Tony, when was the last time you’ve been up here?”
-------------------------
was in charge of this.
There was nothing but sirens of the incoming firetrucks, the crackling off flames, the crumbling of once solid walls.
“Is it them?” Tony asked, quickly obeying the smaller man.
“It was, Obie. We’re not holding ourselves accountable. We need to look at the whole picture, and- ”
“Tony, Tony, Tony. You’re not looking at the big picture. We can’t keep relying on military contracts to get by. If you want Stark Industries to stay on top, you need to do more.”
If Hammer was good at anything in his life, it was surviving. Why choose one side when he could play them both? Stay loyal to both sides and turn the two against each other. Then, when it came to blows, Hammer would step back, let them duke it out, and reap the rewards with the winner. He had told Stane he was in on backstabbing Pierce on the phone as he was walking to meet with Pierce about Stane’s betrayal. Hammer only hoped that this wouldn’t end with a bullet in his brain.
“-ony?”
“It said on the file that his assistant got in contact with you. A Ms. Potts, yes?”
Steve was dozing in the early morning when Tony woke him up.
The two fell into a silence, one staring at the other. Tony cleared his throat, looking away to start putting his tools away. It was odd, seeing him clean up after himself. Tony never put away his tools, leaving them laying about, waiting for the next use.
Tony turned at the sound of his name, smiling at Steve over the lip of his mug. “No, thank you, JARVIS,” Steve smirked in return, walking over to Tony, pulling at the other man’s hips until he was snug in his embrace. “I’ll get my caffeine another way,” he added, kissing Tony soundly.
“You torched the marshmallows, Steve. You let them turn all black and
"Buck, don't be like this," Steve replied, putting a hand in front of Bucky's chest to stop him from retreating. "I know what you're doing. I can't imagine how hard it was for you, but you did the right thing. You protected Clint. You protected the family."
Okay. So.
“But how?” Loki found himself whispering. He prided himself on being able to stay one step ahead of the rest; its how he was able to thrive on his own. But nothing - none of his contacts or his own notes - had even hinted at a rat within The Commandos.
Damn his sniper eyes.
“There are still employees in the building,” the agent explained. “We go in there and he’ll start taking out innocents.”
Steve frowned, plopping his head into his hands. How many times had Tony wanted to have this conversation with him? He’d definitely tried multiple times over the past few days – hell, Steve knew there was something that was eating at him, but it got swept under the rug as problems were prioritized.
“It was just a little workout,” Steve replied, even as his brain was screaming at him to quit while he was ahead. He knew that tone. Steve heard it when he watched old press clippings of Tony. The whole ‘
“I’m better this way,” Tony said with a small shrug. “I know the suit is shiny to look at and it has cool toys, but now I can be like you guys.”
Tony felt himself smile back with ease. “Breakfast?”
“A name,” replied The Captain. “He let something slip about ‘The Monger’. Sound familiar?”
“Quite,” Tony bit out, his smile razor sharp.
“I can’t afford another fuck up. You’re done.”
Stark shrugged. “Hammer’s an idiot; he’ll do anything to make a quick buck. Besides, HYDRA is probably looking to build itself back up. If I were them, the first thing I would do is get some my hands on some weapons.”
Steve nodded in realization, still looking at the numbers. “This is vital information about the Iron Man. He’s here, now. In this time, in this city. I’m gonna use this to find him. And I’m gonna kill him. And I’m gonna stop him from killing my wife.”
Steve paused. Maybe Tony did look his best right after sex.
Not even waiting to catch his breath, Steve hopped up behind the crates, the new angle giving him a clean shot on two men that were still after Bucky, who was charging up the far stairway to get to Clint. He took them down easily, watching as Bucky made the last few steps up to the upper catwalk where Clint was. Listening in, Steve could hear a few familiar sounding rounds go off from above, Bucky attempting to clean out the rest of the threats from the second level. Luckily for his men, the catwalk was too covered for anyone to get a clean shot from the main floor, while Steve’s position was less than stellar. Trapping himself downstairs with upwards of seven armed men left may not have been his best plan.
Steve walked through a few back alleys, checking his surroundings as he finally reached base. He tapped his knuckles against the door, waving slightly to the camera that aimed towards his face.  The door swung open, revealing a smirking Clint Barton.
Maybe this was hell.
“Clint?”
“I thought we said no more apologies,” Tony argued.
Bucky looked back over at him, his eyes wild and red rimmed. “Wanna know why we were there when the bombs went off? Because I wouldn’t let us leave. Wanna know why Stark knows your name? Because I called out for you. Wanna know why you almost drowned? Because I
Sam put a hand on his shoulder. “Ok. I’ll keep this under the table for now. But Steve, the longer you keep this from Tony, the worse it will be when he finds out.”
Obie shrugged. “Tony, it’s just another transaction with a different kind of business.”
“That’s not all,” Steve said, looking down at the fireman.
he couldn't help but think. Even though, Steve could see the other man wringing his hands with worry, his lips bruised from biting, his eyes weighed down by dark bags.
“It doesn’t,” Bucky hissed, glaring at some of the cracks that had formed along the walls.
When the two blondes looked back to him, he continued. “Why go looking for the man, when we can bring him to us?”
Barton slammed on the brakes when they came to a red light. “Stane was HYDRA?”
“Bold words coming from a man of your recent actions,” Tony snarked back, Steve shooting him the finger, but dutifully hunkering further down in his bed.
“I-I don’t know, he’s been helping me get everyone out, and- ”
For a long time the pair just stared at each other. “Those tears for your long lost boss?” Tony finally asked, taking in Pepper’s puffy eyes.
Steve was cut off when the door banged open and a police officer raced into the room. Sam was the first to react; he saw the uniform and had his gun drawn before the officer could even respond.
“Steve, come on- ”
“The stock dropped another five points today. We need to make a move soon, Tony. The board is all over my ass- ”
And I can’t do it again. Not again.”
“It’s killing you,” Steve whispered, blood curdling in his veins.
"If they were after Stark weapons, you'd think that they would try a little harder," Natasha replied. "So far, they haven't been able to take anything."
Phil pulled back to look up at Clint. “If we’re getting technical, I’m pretty sure I’m a dirty cop too.”
But Clint just walked right on past them.
“Who cares?” Tony snapped. “Less of them to kill when we leave.”
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Tony snarked.
“So what now?” Bucky asked. “Find the guy who gave the twins this address?”
