John had to look away, he felt guilty enough that he had disappeared on Mrs. Hudson and refused to see Lestrade after Sherlock's death. He hadn't spoken to them in years. It was simply too hard to face them, to set foot in Baker Street or the Yard.
"And the mission?" he asked, and subconsciously noted the priority of his questions- John first, always first.
When he pulled one of the large stacks of cardboard boxes away from the back of the room, he noticed that the wooden cabinet behind it wasn't actually mounted to the wall. He pushed it away.
After Mycroft left, he couldn't help but avoid Sherlock's gaze and before he knew what he was doing, he was going into the bathroom, locking the door and taking out his phone.
That night, when they retreated to their room after ignoring countless texts from Lestrade, something had once again shifted in their relationship.
John's heart did a funny thing at hearing that. That Sherlock had thought such a thing and had still decided to trust John with himself- he couldn't put it into words. He kissed his younger lover and let the man go on.
He even managed to devise a half decent plan of how to subdue his captor when he was taken to the Shower Room by a single guard. He managed, even in his weakened state, to head-butt the man, get his knife, cut his hands free – finally!!! – put the man's clothes on and carefully, very carefully peer around as he disappeared down the hall.
He picked the box up and shook it, metal, small, possibly hollow, a hint of moving particles? With another suspicious glance at his brother, he opened the metal case. Inside it, there was a tiny capsule attached to a thin, small, metal ring.
He thought for a moment and then shook his head, but he was smiling- he was trying to be funny, see?
Sherlock's head snapped up, but he schooled his expression into one of disinterest and looked down at his laptop as though resuming his scanning. "Lestrade" he said truthfully "Some boring case even a third grader could figure out." Ok, so maybe not entirely truthfully.
John let his book, tea and blanket behind, and crossed the distance between them. He offered his hand up, gently, quietly. And Sherlock melted into him, hiding his face on the crook of his neck.
Part of him wanted to grab Sherlock by the hand and run far, far away just as quickly as he could do it. He wanted to shelter his lover and protect him from everything, but god the man was brave. Sherlock was braver than all of them put together and he knew he was the Yard's best bet in finding their killers.
He pulled away the tiniest bit so he could look at his partner's flushed face. The doctor looked completely different with his mouth half opened and desire clouding his eyes.
John's choked laugh was priceless and he could see the sparkle of moisture gathering in the man's eyes. It was worth it.
John had always been an affectionate partner, but that Sherlock was just as affectionate came as a surprise – to both of them. His time in Serbia had shook him to his core, dismantled him and put him back together as someone completely changed.
John hovered over him as he slowly moved his legs off to the side and put his feet on the floor. They were pretty used to this by now, and as one they moved as soon as Sherlock was holding onto John's shoulders.
They did, actually. Sherlock had found the marks on the girl's body to be too precise, almost window dressing, like someone was putting her on display. The autopsy revealed what he'd already guessed: she had been kept and raped for extended periods of time. This wasn't a group of drunken men disposing of a body after they realized their mistake; they were dealing criminals smart enough to pull off long-term captivity.
"No." was the immediate, snapped response he got from his lover. And then the detective was walking into their bedroom and closing the door pointedly behind himself.
Then their attention eventually moved to him and the one in front, who had a cigarette in his mouth, grinned crookedly. He said something in Serbian that Sherlock didn't catch and then gestured to his friends.
But off they went to put their wedding attire on. Sherlock helped John into his, buttoning him up, smoothing the countless layers down.
"Look, can we please just-" the detective started, glancing towards the door like the passage of time was physically painful. "Lestrade's waiting for us." Us. That helped smooth things a bit more, too.
John could tell when he started slipping into something darker, restless, and so – Mycroft be damned – he softly grasped Sherlock's right hand in both of his, gently cradling it and calling Sherlock's attention back to the real world.
"Sherlock?" the soldier prompted, immediately. He also tucked himself away, disregarding the mess on his belly, because it suddenly felt extremely wrong to look so satisfied and debauched.
There was, however, the remaining part of their unspoken words- and this one was on Sherlock rather than on John.
John, who had moved to the floor and accidentally fallen asleep, jolted upright. When he looked up to see Sherlock standing, the last of his sleepiness drained out of him.
Sherlock was staring off blankly into the distance, his eyes unfocused as his mind worked rapidly "The owner of the house." He said, eventually "He's a client. He was watching the movies."
"I hadn't- before. And it's just that- I had never wanted to. I never saw the appeal of it, but then-" he swallowed "When I realized my- what I felt for you, slowly I- I started to understand. And for the first time, I could see it happening. If it was you, I could see it happening." He let out a bit of a huffed laugh "And part of it was that you were NOT GAY so it was safe to think about it when I knew it was merely hypothetical."
He knew it when he heard the screams in the other room. He knew it when the captured MI6 agent started sobbing, apologizing, sounding exhausted, and all the secrets had come spilling out. They made sure Sherlock could hear it as the man doomed them both.
"You've got ten minutes" Lestrade said to Sherlock. "Come on, Sally, not now. Let him do his thing" he told his co-worker, ushering her away from the scene.
It wasn't that he had suddenly become afraid of crowds, or people. But something about being out in the open made him feel like a target. He was weak and wounded and slow and if any friend of the twenty one Serbian deceased wanted to track him down and have their revenge, it'd only be too easy and-
He nodded at all the information and still kept looking at the pictures in his hands. He was almost sad to see The Kid among the bodies.
Sherlock sighed dramatically "None whatsoever. What does a man have to do to get a decent murder around here!" he shouted as though the universe would hear him. And, well, the frustration was definitely completely authentic.
"There you go, you're alright now. You're ok. I got you." John said, almost without realizing, as he soothingly pet his friend's back.
"Baker Street. We're at the flat" John supplied immediately, nudging Sherlock to look the other way so he could see the familiar numbers on the dark door.
"Ok. I'm sorry. I don't even know why I didn't tell you, ok? I don't know why. You were standing there and I wanted to take the case and I didn't know how to say it and then it just- escalated." He admitted, but it was delivered almost like a line.
It did not, however, stop the infections that were slowly taking over his entire body. His arse had been abused to the point of never healing back, his hands were swollen and red and he couldn't feel his fingers all that well anymore. His feet were dirty and there were pockets of pus in some of the cavities of his missing nails. He was running a fever that left him delusional and sweating well into the night.
John closed his eyes and bit down on his bottom lip, his hands fisting in the couch cushions. And then Sherlock's mouth was engulfing him in tight, wet heat and he went to heaven.
The scar on his right leg from the surgery – they had to put metal in there, apparently – was also healed. But it was the large incision that ran down Sherlock's entire stomach that still kept him hunching when he walked and groaning when he moved too fast; John hadn't seen it yet, and hopefully the detective could keep it that way.
Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry. John chanted in his own head, but he felt the tear fall before he could do anything about it. "I didn't" it was only two words, but they managed to come out broken nonetheless.
"You're back from the bloody dead, I'd say he's allowed to tell us." he was still grinning, unbelieving. And then he reached into his coat pocket and offered him an envelope. "Also, he thought you might want to help out"
"He was here a couple of days ago, remember? He comes to check in on you once in a while." John explained "I can text him if you want?"
It was a reasonable answer, John thought, and so he nodded and leaned down to kiss his partner's lips again. "Alright"
"I'm- I'll just- I need to-" he was standing up so fast he almost knocked his armchair over, which was a feat given how bulky it was, and then he was running out of the room.
"Oh god, John" Sherlock moaned, hiding his face in John's neck. Closing his eyes and welcoming the sensations. "If you keep doing that…" he warned, trailing off.
Out of all the things that could have triggered a bad memory, Sherlock hadn't expected John's moan of completion to have been it. But hearing it sent a shiver down his spine and he couldn't help but flinch, his torso contracting away from an invisible threat.
Slowly, but in a deliberate movement, Sherlock turned to look at him. And there was recognition in his eyes "John?" he asked softly, because it couldn't be true- John couldn't actually be there. This was a dream, wasn't it?
The next photo he flipped through wasn't of a table. There was a collection of very clearly antique vials and beakers and lab equipment-
"Because you're a bloody, manipulative bastard, who sent your own bloody brother-" he started, his anger boiling into rage inside him.
For a moment it honestly looked like the detective was about to hurl the violin across the room, but then he just let it fall onto the ground. His eyes were red when he finally looked up at John.
He already knew. He already knew it was coming. He could already feel his throat closing up and the walls closing in and no matter how tightly he wrapped his coat around himself it wasn't enough.
"He wasn't in on it." Sherlock declared matter-of-factly, looking at the man through the one-way mirror.
Once they were dropped on the floor, Sherlock flexed his fingers slightly and still kept his palms up in surrender. "What they did to you, they did the same thing to me." He explained, showing her his mutilated hands. "I'm only trying to help you, please, believe me."
When they parted, they both had little private smiles on their faces and John shyly moved his hand so that it brushed against Sherlock's free one, their fingers interlacing ever so slightly. He brushed his thumb against the other's own and then let his head drop onto the other man's shoulder. Sherlock welcomed the proximity and rested his head on top of John's, nuzzling ever so slightly as he committed his scent to memory once again; John had always smelt like home.
John was thrown at the non-sequitur, but just nodded, frowning slightly. He did as asked, and then the detective cautiously walked towards the bed and took a seat with a good amount of effort.
when Sherlock had invited him to see more corpses and violence; the same part that had come running even when Sherlock texted him
"Exactly" the DI replied and he looked equals parts elated that they finally had the lead they wanted all along and weighed down by the darker turn the case had just taken.
When there was still no protest, he trailed his fingers between Sherlock's cheeks, and then dipped down to brush against his entrance.
Sherlock had thought about it? About them? John's throat tightened even as he caught onto another piece of information.
They were given a wide berth when they entered the Yard. Either word of their altercation had flown to everybody, or Lestrade had made sure to tell people to be on their best behavior. Whichever the case, they saw neither hide nor hair of Donovan as they were escorted to a small interrogation room.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, remembering the media circus that all his cases became after the Reichenbach Painting debacle. But before he could say anything, John nudged him with his shoulder and shrugged.
Immediately, and as promised, John pulled his hand back and even moved away the slightest bit. He didn't do it out of hurt, either, it was simply a very clear statement that the space between them was Sherlock's to control.
Still frowning, John followed the detective out into the living room. "Did you… not want me to go?" he asked slowly, very confused.
Part of him was busting out of his trousers, hard as a rock and pulsing at the thought of his lover's mouth on him. The other part didn't want to think about why Sherlock was able to make such a declaration.
John nodded, humming in agreement. Then he wrapped his arm over his lover's back and they drifted into much needed sleep.
John was quiet for a bit and then he scooted closer to his partner before speaking. "You asked me to marry you."
In one particular hard suck, Sherlock ended up choking himself a bit and he pulled off of John almost in alarm. He felt a bit disoriented, and what not a second ago had seemed like a very intimate act of pleasure he wanted to perform on his partner, now seemed like the duty he'd been forced to repeat several times a day for months. He was going to finish what he started, though.
The sequel is also a very short story, and it's almost done. I'll post it soon! So subscribe if you want to be notified of when that's going to happen!
Sherlock was no longer allowed to waive food while he was on a case; he didn't even bother trying anymore.
But then the girls' mouth was free once again, and her screams pierced right through him, destabilizing his efforts completely.
He'd often revel in watching John masturbating, but sometimes he'd also brave touching his lover as well.
John even felt his cock twitch at the intensity of it, and he responded in kind, holding onto Sherlock's robe so he could pull the man closer.
"I'll shoot you." She threatened, but this time, it was clear she meant that she'd shoot him if he lied to her.
The only break in his routine was when he got his meal of the day. Usually it was stale bread and a congealed sort of soup, which he now had to eat handless since they never freed them after the first man had tied them. There was also the rare occasion when he would be pulled out of his cell by two or three men, shoved into a separate room and hosed down with freezing water to lessen his foul smell.
For the next full minute, he had to keep himself from looking directly at the screen; he wouldn't last long if he didn't pace himself by looking away.
They were both smiling at each other a bit ridiculously, and it felt like giggling at a crime scene all over again.
He arched again, more deliberately this time, and it cued John into rubbing himself softly against him. But this time, Sherlock also reached for his lover's left hand and interlaced their fingers in a loving gesture. With his head tilted back as it still was, he softly said John's name.
"That's what it was, John. I was right! I knew it!" he announced, looking equal parts relieved and triumphant "They're running a show! It looked like a stage because that's exactly what it was! I-"
John's heart constricted upon hearing it and the image of the broken man on the bed came back to the forefront of his mind.
He turned around, holding the patient's chart to his chest like a shield. And when he looked towards the nurses' station he was surprised to see none other than the British government himself, Mycroft Holmes.
When Mycroft came in later that evening, presumably after work, he actually seemed to ponder on the issue of Sherlock's discharge instead of adamantly vetoing it.
In a moan that came out as a huff of air, Sherlock constricted almost painfully around him and John could see as the man came all over his own hand. It was an insanely beautiful sight.
Sherlock still couldn't find something to say in reply, but as he followed her, the sergeant spoke again.
"Don't bother." Sherlock interrupted from where he was looking through a microscope down at a slide of dirt.
There was no singing from Sherlock's part. At first he tried to deduce his way out of it, even as he was beaten and whipped and drowned. He knew that no matter what they did to him, he could not allow himself to break. There were people back home he was trying to protect and he wasn't going to leave this place without dismantling the very last of Moriarty's web.
"It's a cold case, your majesty. Well, not that cold. It's from last year. Thought you might want to look at the files, see what you can get out of it."
"You're looking at this the wrong way. There's a plan- something- some reason why they're doing this. They're not- this isn't your run-of-the-mill boring rape case; I wouldn't be here if it was."
"We go to have fun now." The drunk man, young and barely in his twenties, told him in his attempt at English. And Sherlock knew that whatever was going to happen next was going to be very unpleasant.
The man's tongue peeked out to lick at his dry lips and he seemed to frown the tiniest bit. "Am I-" he started to ask, and his voice was very hoarse from disuse "Am I in England?" he asked, finally and John had never heard a sound so beautiful in his entire life.
." Mycroft interrupted, because no matter what the doctor would have said, he had done that and more. If it could be accomplished by human hands, Mycroft had done it to make sure his brother came home and if he could be sure of nothing else, he was sure of that.
Sherlock obliges, placing his head on John's lap and facing away from the paused screen. He curls in on himself and sighs heavily when he feels John's fingers in his hair.
Saying nothing, she unlocked his phone and hesitated, her fingers nervously hovering over the icons on the screen.
Sherlock nodded, understanding now why they wanted him when they seemingly had all the information they needed already.
Now Donovan really did throw her hands up in the air in surrender. "Oh great. Did you hear that, boss? Our double gang-rape homicide wasn't committed by rapists." She said, equal parts frustration and sarcasm. "It's like he wants us to waste our time."
Donovan and several other officers stood apart from the crowd. The usual amusement they'd have on their faces was missing; they looked rather serious, as though this was some kind of solemn ceremony.
It stayed relatively the same until that third case came to an end and Sherlock found himself wanting a bit more. They had been snogging on the narrow sofa, even though they had a perfectly good bed just down the hall, when the detective got off of John and sat on the floor.
Sherlock was quiet for a bit, thinking. He could feel his own half-hard cock pulsing very pleasantly inside his pants, if he ever wanted to be touched by John, it'd have to be during these times.
"Dr. Watson, I would say it is a pleasure to see you, but I do not believe you would return my sentiment" Mycroft inclined his head, leaning onto his umbrella with both hands.
Sherlock threw his still clothed arm over the doctor's chest and the sudden stark contrast made John shift a bit to look at him curiously.
Sherlock reached out towards the coffee table, and the fact he had to bend to get his food made his surgery scar pull painfully. John didn't miss his wince at all and so the doctor was up on his feet in a second. "Wait, let me-" the man started, drifting off as he looked around for something he could use to prop the food up.
"How do you want to do it?" John asked, and his gesturing clarified that he was talking about their positions.
In John's defense, it was the first time Sherlock left him behind on a case since they had returned to Baker Street.
"Yes, yes, Sherlock. Yes, you're home. You're in England" he told his flatmate as he grasped his hand with utmost joy.
His expression must have said something, because John was squeezing his shoulder discreetly, but he just looked right back to the screen, determined.
. And it was right. He'd found the room, he'd done his job; the police could take it over from here. But even as he decided to leave the crime scene that looked so much like his own, his mind was already running a hundred deductions per minute.
What John thought had been a one-off, an experiment gone wrong, an adrenaline-fueled error in judgement, actually turned out to be the very shy beginning of something he had never expected they'd share.
Letting out a heavy breath, but still with his lips pursed and his arms crossed, John relented. "Fine. We'll- we'll talk about this later." He acquiesced.
The first few strokes were tentative and hurt more than they felt good. John could feel himself pulsing around Sherlock's cock and he tried to take it slow. A tentative angling of his hips made for a better position and more control, so after that he started picking up the pace a bit.
And he did get it. When John came back from Afghanistan, he never really talked about his time there, or about his injury. Of course, he wasn't left as marred by his time as a soldier as Sherlock was from his time in Serbia – well, if Mycroft was to be trusted, John's PTSD hadn't even been related to his gunshot wound, but that was a whole 'nother kettle of fish – nonetheless, he understood.
But the detective wasn't even paying him any mind. His eyes were fixed on the other chair, where Sherlock sat crossed legged, bundled up in his dressing gown.
"We haven't set a date yet." He answered thoughtfully, as they rounded onto the main corridor. And by the time they reached Amanda Walsh's room, he was honest to god having something akin to a conversation with Sally Donovan.
This dissociating had happened to him before, back in Serbia. He'd check out of reality, because he didn't want to be there for what was happening. His mind was very used to hiding itself away and--
He closed his eyes for a moment to completely focused on what he was doing. He needed to relax; he should probably have spent a bit more time opening himself up.
"Well- I mean, the- why are you saying these men aren't rapists? I thought we have already established-"
A hint of a smile tugged at Sherlock's lips and he felt his heart skip a beat- he hadn't really expected this. Well, he hadn't really known what to expect, but.
Sherlock actually looked up from what he was doing to look at the intruder. But when he looked down again, it was clear he was addressing Lestrade. "You're not going to find them in the database. They're not registered sex offenders."
It wasn't until the detective rolled back, shifting so that they'd lie face to face, that they disconnected. They stared at each other for a bit, content smiles on their faces. The realization of what they had just conquered was just starting to set in for both of them.
Made of a dark, rich wood, it was beautifully crafted – Sherlock would say hand carved, even. Decorative patterns ran in relief all across the edges and all the way down to its intricate feet. It was very posh, almost Victorian-like; very Sherlock, really.
Oh, it was John now, was it? This was a 'John' conversation- and 'John' conversations meant Mycroft had either screwed up or wanted something from him. Or both.
The question was taken as the distraction it was meant to be and soon they were talking increasingly absurd wedding scenarios that neither would ever agree to.
When Sherlock found his violin, the absolutely heartbroken look on his face almost made John's heart stop. The doctor hadn't even remembered; hadn't even made the connection before. Sherlock had been robbed of one of the things he loved the most in this world, and John would have given anything – his own hands if he could have – to give it back to him.
Before the Fall, before everything, Sherlock wouldn't have bothered to give him an explanation. It made him think, sometimes, how far they'd come.
The fourth was the worst simply because of how fucked raw Sherlock already was. One of them, probably the first one, had enough stamina that they jerked off to it the whole time; cum landing on his captive's hair when he was done.
Careful with his enthusiasm, John started moving quicker, and the detective was meeting his thrusts and setting his own pace.
John ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls – and how he had reveled when they had finally grown back to their regular length – and kissed him once again before asking "That was good, wasn't it?"
He was no longer afraid to show what he felt, he didn't keep any words in, nor did he stop himself from reaching out to John. He felt he had been given a second chance, a chance to get it right, and he wasn't going to let it go. They had never been as close as they were now; completely bare to one another, completely invested and honest.
All of the men were shot on sight, non-fatal as per orders. It took them all of thirty seconds to subdue the entire base, currently manned by eight people. It was only Mycroft and two other agents, but they were efficient, better armed and had the element of surprise. They had been planning this for months.
Sherlock wanted to see John's face. He wanted to see it was John while he did it, every step of the way. "On."
It never turned into something sexual, and neither of them brought it up; they were both comfortable with things as they were. Sometimes, Sherlock would talk about Serbia – very vaguely, very succinctly. And every time he'd share his experience, John felt like he was being given a precious gift.
The months went by, and when September turned to October and Fall started chilling the air, Sherlock felt he was ready to take on a case. A real case.
"Oh, god! What, Lestrade? Just spit it out!" Sherlock demanded, annoyed. He couldn't help but notice that some of the Yard's officers had also left the conference and were lingering around them like a group of uncertain stray cats.
It was the first time he spoke in over two weeks and it seemed to throw his captors off. He tried to wiggle his hands pointedly from their confinement, attempting to show how impractical his position was when he couldn't hold himself up. "Just- my hands. Let them-" he tried to tell them.
"I- you do know- I mean, I meant it- I meant it romantically?" he clarified, clearing his throat; his head almost exploding from the effort of talking about his emotions
"Oh god-" he cried as his entire body shook and he spilled himself in spurts into his lover's mouth. His body spasmed a couple of times still, and Sherlock sucked him through his aftershocks, licking him slowly as he came down from it.
"Sherlock, do you want me to make you some tea? Get you some water?" John asked when his flatmate woke up for what seemed like the hundredth time.
"He's perfectly fine. It was just an expected side effect of one of his antibiotics. He might continue to get nauseous, in which case you can call a nurse in again." She said in a very relaxed voice, like nothing was the matter.
Made to wait outside, John slid helplessly onto the floor. He hid his face in his arms and pulled at his hair in frustration. His medical degree had never felt more useless.
His brother was there later in the evening, and it was like seeing him for the first time in months.
The man held a small laptop and was pointing at it enthusiastically "You see here? Your base locations. Your friend give gift to us, so we give gift to he." He told Sherlock in heavily accented English, tapping a thick finger against his forehead- probably where he'd placed the bullet in the other guy's head.
All of a sudden, he felt a hot liquid hitting his back. He almost dismissed it as one of them jerking themselves off onto him, but then he realized it was actually urine. Unbidden, the feelings of humiliation he had learned to push down came barreling out again.
"He kept texting. I hadn't planned on going and you were doing the shopping" he shrugged as he plopped down on one of the kitchen stools.
The flowers were gorgeous, the food was delicious, and the cousins too many to name. John's sister was sober and present, and Mike Stamford – their bloody cupid – could make it. Even Amanda had showed up, as promised, and she seemed to strike it up really well with Molly.
"I knew it!" he couldn't help the glee at seeing the dusty door behind it. He loved few things in the world more than being proven right.
When Sherlock looked back at the girl, Sally Donovan was crouched in front of her, already taking charge of the situation. His job here was done.
But then the detective put a hand over his just as he was reaching for the buttons on their trousers. "Wait, I- don't we need… something for this?" Sherlock asked, stilling him.
"That was… pretty bloody good" John assured him, realizing that all this time Sherlock had been holding back from thrusting into him. "Do that again"
With less care than was probably allowed in a crime scene, he started pulling things away from the wall. He jumped on the washing machine, crawled under the table and almost comically sniffed around the books on the bookshelf. He had the urge to pull on them one by one, but refrained. He was half glad none of the others were here to witness it.
"You do it". He knew it was absurd, but undressing someone felt like a violent act in his head. He wanted to see John do it himself.
There was the sound of ripping fabric and Sherlock saw his blanket being destroyed as the man fashioned a strip of cloth from it and used it to tie the detective's hands behind his back. Then Sherlock was turned around and his position was almost identical to the one of the previous day: the man's hand forced his head onto the floor, his legs kept Sherlock's legs apart and the other hand held his hips up as he forcefully entered him. The detective half wondered if this position was one they had learned and honed from experience.
Sherlock kept his hands firmly inside his pockets and looked past him as though dismissing the question "He was otherwise occupied, now where's the corpse?"
John hesitated and looked away "I- well, I'm not- I'm not at Baker Street anymore" his voice was very soft, like he didn't want to admit it.
They left him alone for a whole, blissful day. It was just him, his mind palace and memories of John and London.
He'd never had any intention to watch it at Baker Street – it'd have felt sacrilegious – but asking for that first and then working his way up to what he actually wanted seemed like a safe bet.
"Sherlock. Sherlock, look at me" John's steady soldier voice snapped him out of his thoughts "What are you thinking about? You know- you know we're at the hospital, right?" he asked with that uncertain tone of his "Mycroft's got people twenty-four seven in this place. You're- there's nothing to worry about, nothing is going to happen."
When he heard from them again, it was their boisterous celebrating outside- it sounded like they were drinking and playing card games. It also sounded like they were knocking things over while drunkenly attempting to arm-wrestle.
The man almost went for the next finger, but then Sherlock was shifting and positioning himself like they would have done; his nostrils flaring in anger, his eyes shut in denial. His arse hurt a lot, it never stopped hurting these days, and when the man entered him expertly he couldn't help the groan that escaped him.
"Where do you want me?" was the next question, and John hadn't moved from where he was standing yet.
Lestrade was getting really tired with the back and forth, and he let his frustration out as he addressed the two "Look, there are women being kidnapped and tortured to death in a basement somewhere, ok? Can we just be grownups and move on? We have a case to solve and no offense John but that's more important than Donavan calling Sherlock names, alright?"
Sherlock, who still wasn't speaking, just looked at him through hooded eyes and nodded several times, his hand twitching near John's thighs.
At the physician's questioning glance, Mycroft explained "John is a doctor" and then turned to his brother again "Are you certain, Sherlock? It could prove to be… uncomfortable."
He also felt as his lover started to tremble in his arms, but he quickly realized Sherlock had let go of him to wrap his hand around his own cock and pump himself furiously in a rhythm to match John's own thrusts.
"My assistance?" John looked befuddled as he chuckled sarcastically, what could he possibly have to offer the most powerful man in England?
But the consulting detective shook his head "No. I have John. I don't- he won't mind." He intervened, not wanting a strange person intruding on their life beyond this hospital "I don't mind." He added, because he wouldn't really need any help aside from what John currently helped him with anyway. It's not like much would change.
Sherlock never said anything, but John liked to think the younger man appreciated the scenery. He'd talk to him, tell him about the book he was reading or would just point out the trees in the garden or the new flowers that had come in. He'd wheel him up and down the small balcony before settling down beside him, and together they would stay there for at least a half hour.
The strike against Scotland Yard had only lasted till noon the next day, when Sherlock and John had woken up from their horribly fragmented sleep. Both of them knew that, regardless of John's anger and Sherlock's trauma, the detective was going to see this case through.
"Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock, stop!! Stop, stop, I'm gonna come-"John warned desperately, his hand squeezing the detective's as he felt his orgasm building.
But the consulting detective seemed to be in a world of his own, still thrusting ever so slightly, riding out the rest of it as he buried his face against John's neck.
Granted it was much later than either of them would usually get up, but the previous night's activities made for a very tired couple of crime-solvers.
Sometimes he could spend hours looking at the photos until he worked himself into sleep again. But tonight, there was stirring coming from the couch on his left and his hands froze on the pictures when he saw John sitting up and rubbing sleep out of his eyes.
The nurse walked in on them and it was a rather embarrassing ordeal, but they also felt no need to explain themselves; the woman couldn't care less.
But then Lestrade was clearing his throat and looking around a bit before turning his gaze back to them. "Actually, there's someone else who'd like to see you."
He could almost see the guilt in John's eyes as the man reached for his hands in repentance. "I'm sorry, love. We don't- you don't have to do that again, I-"
Unrelenting, the nurses brought him food every single day, and every single day John had to watch as he shook his head and turned away as though looking at ghosts only he could see.
And then he moved as though to swap their positions, but Sherlock stopped him by holding onto his arm.
getting rid of their trousers and pants. Their erections brushed against each other and it was deliciously painful. God, they were both so ready.
After a while, the head of curls move and Sherlock looks up at him "If we go home, I'll just be awake there instead of here. There's no point."
He tried to tell himself that there was no reason for panic - this was just a crime scene. He'd been to hundreds of crime scenes; it was fine and-
And now, as he looked at his mangled feet, at his mutilated hands, as he came down from hearing the other captured agent's death, he had to accept it was over. The torture, the sessions where they clipped his fingers off piece by piece, where they pulled his nails off one by one, it was all moot point- the other guy had turned them in anyway.
He decided not to point out the obvious, and instead just stood in front of his friend and held out his arms. "You want to get up?"
Mycroft pursed his lips for a moment and nodded "What you are doing now- that you're here with him, that is enough."
It came back soiled with the men's semen and a hint of blood, but he wasn't sure whether the blood belonged to the healing marks on his back or not. He cleaned his hair and his face, and then put the dirty trousers back on. He had nothing else to wear and despised the idea of being naked at the moment.
The nurses also tried to get him to eat something, as it would do wonders for his recovery if he could get some of his weight back. But when they first tried offering him food, he shook his head very emphatically and wouldn't hear of it.
Sometimes, there was food next to him, but his automatic reaction to it was that of revulsion- he knew he did not eat, but he couldn't remember the reason. He was surrounded by people, but he knew none of them and he couldn't understand a word they said. He let them fuck him because he knew that's what they wanted, but he didn't know why.
It was a strangely pleasant sensation, feeling the inside of John's warm mouth. And he realized with a pang of both relief and regret that at least they hadn't taken
"He's bleeding- he's bleeding, what's-" he even made a motion to pull the blankets off entirely, but the woman actually physically intervened and held his hand away.
His hands were sweating inside his gloves and his scarf was too tight around his neck and he couldn't breathe. "John? John! I'm locked in!" he attempted a second time and the last of it made it through.
Sherlock shook his head. "I can't breathe." He said as softly as he could, because there was nothing he wanted less right now than for the other people in the room to realize what was happening to him.
Sure, when he raised his hand for John to slide the golden band onto it, his left ring finger refused to straighten like the other ones. But John simply uncurled it with the utmost care in the world and slid the wedding ring in place. The finger bent again after that, but Sherlock let his other ones relax as well, and suddenly it didn't seem out of place anymore. They both grinned at each other.
Lestrade nodded "He offered his old farm house for them to film in and they let him watch in person."
But the guy had no interest in his reservations, he pulled Sherlock roughly by the hair and lifted it off the floor so the detective was arching very painfully in one of the most uncomfortable positions he could imagine.
"This is fine. This is perfect, ok?" Sherlock told him firmly, and it was part exasperated, part appreciative.
John eyed him with a mix of curiosity and reluctance. Sherlock could already see his friend forming a litany of objections, so he said it again with more resolve "John, I want to go home. I want to go back to Baker Street."
That first day, they both sat together for hours in almost complete silence. He wondered if there were no world-changing catastrophes waiting for Mycroft back in London, but he didn't care enough to ask.
Sherlock nodded, but then looked back to where their victim was still sat on the floor, overwhelmed by the commotion despite her relief.
He heard a faint "Dr. Watson?" behind him and he managed to shout back "Family emergency!" before he disappeared through the surgery's doors.
But the detective shook his head. He'd thought about it before, very distantly and very vaguely. Sometimes, he would get hard when he was kissing John; he was sure the doctor knew that by now. But at the moment, he had already disconnected himself from the whole thing. If anything, he wanted a shower.
And then they were giggling and kissing each other again. It was nice, this was. They were used to it by now; they had made out maybe hundreds of times in the past few months. And while John had been careful about letting Sherlock be the one to initiate it at first, he knew he was allowed – welcomed – any time now.
John immediately rose to his feet in alarm, but the woman's expression told him all he needed to know.
They were both lying on their sides, facing each other, and John could see every minute expression the other man made. So it was a sight of the gods when his fingers finally trailed past Sherlock's waistband to trace the outline of his now completely hard cock. The detective honestly shuddered.
They stayed like that for a good few seconds, connected and unmoving. It almost helped with taking the edge off a little bit so now John felt like he could actually last more than two minutes at this.
Sherlock just cleared his throat minutely again and looked away for a moment, his demeanor somewhat detached, like he was talking about someone else.
Both the John and DI heard a snort coming from their favorite consulting detective as the man walked ahead echoing "No signs" as he went.
John kissed his curls and nuzzled his neck a little bit, pulling him closer so their legs interlaced together. "I love you." he whispered and kissed him again.
With his eyes stinging with tears from the pain of his now broken ring finger, Sherlock had a strange, vulnerable inner-dialogue where some part of him asked himself for forgiveness, because he was tired of fighting and he couldn't bring himself to do it anymore.
Sherlock was stripped, kicked and beaten till his face was a bloody mess and more ribs joined the two that were already broken. This wasn't like the meticulous torture sessions of over a month ago; this was an emotional response.
Sherlock's mouth twitched at that, and his eyes visibly softened despite his efforts to keep a poker face. "Well, you've already got us out of the flat, might as well."
John had no idea why he was brilliant this time, but he stood up anyway and looked over his lover's shoulder to the screen.
She looked up towards the ceiling, mimicking him. But when she looked back at him, he could see her walls had almost entirely come down. He should have lead with that, he thought. His relationship with John automatically made him seem less threatening.
Can we talk about how the *vast* majority of Sherlock's vows, and part of John's were taken straight from the actual series? Like. How was Johnlock not endgame I can't.
He shook his head and glanced back at his lover, looking lost "What if this is the way I am now? What if I spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder? I wasn't scared of going after criminals before, because in the back of my mind I knew I'd win. But now… when I go into a case, I'm- I'm terrified."
Sherlock soldiered through and all John did was fetch him more coffee and squeeze his hand when he seemed too overwhelmed.
The detective was giving him the same look he did when John had clearly missed something obvious during a case "John. I meant- I mean,
After a bit, the detective moved up on the bed so that they were roughly at eye level with each other and the younger man kissed him softly on the lips before saying "You were brilliant, John" because the doctor had read the situation expertly and known exactly what to do; Sherlock didn't know what he'd done to deserve him.
It took days to track down the rest of the Snuff Films Gang, but one of the two members they had in custody was more than willing to spill the beans in exchange for leniency. It also helped that he had almost died at the hand of his victim and was a bit drugged at the moment of his statement.
He could feel Sherlock tense the slightest bit when he finally pressed himself against his entrance, and he stopped for a moment to stroke the detective's leg.
"Ok. Ok, fine." He said, something like compromise making him deflate the slightest bit. "I am not- I'm not trying to undermine your deductions. But a case like this- Sherlock, you aren't a machine." He told his lover firmly, holding his gaze unblinkingly for a good few seconds. "And the way it's going… can you blame me for being worried?"
He even made it to the door that would have led to the outside, the place wasn't very big and the activity was mostly kept on the other side of the building, but it was locked and he had to think quickly. There was a keypad by the door and he could deduce the password numbers by the use, but not the order, so he'd have to try his best guess.
"Come on, let's go upstairs." He said in an equally hushed tone. "I got you, ok? I got you. You're fine."
"That was perfect." Sherlock murmured and his partner opened heavy eyelids to look up at him, half embarrassed and half expectant.
The detective looked at him in a silent thank you; a small smile on his face trying to balance out the heaviness of his shoulders and the fear in his eyes.
While John was trying his hardest not to be patronizing, the simple truth of the matter was that Sherlock couldn't move around on his own yet – or, not very far anyway. Sharing a room was the only real option; it just hadn't really dawned on either of them properly until then.
John had been expecting some kind of backlash, but it was like he'd opened the seven gates of hell. Never mind that earlier that day, it'd been him angry at the detective and not the other way around. Determined to get past it, he drew in a long, heavy breath and then counted to five slowly in his head before letting it out.
"Yes." The detective couldn't help a small smile. "There are pictures of us on the phone, if you want to verify what I told you."
As far as first sexual encounters went, Sherlock was certain things could have gone much worse. Even if John couldn't see it as such, the detective actually felt better after the whole thing.
"Ok," John seemed like he had just caught onto something and he continued with his questions "Do you want us to go to our room?"
The feeding tube wouldn't come off for another couple of weeks, still. Sherlock's intake of food was consistent, but he didn't manage even a fraction of the calories he needed at the moment. He had been in the hospital for six weeks, now, and he no longer looked like a skeleton even if he was still much too thin for his frame.
"Sherlock faked his death" he told him in a very matter-of-fact way, as though John ought to know it already.
"I love you too, John. I love you too." The detective smiled, grasping the hand in his own and placing a kiss to the back of it lovingly.
John pressed the button that'd call the nurse, as he ought to have done before, and tried to soothe his friend while they waited. But Sherlock started to moan, very softly at first, but consistently. John checked the levels of morphine and saw they were only half way on the marker.
"Yes" he agreed, echoed, like it was equal parts obvious and equal parts insane. "Yes. Let's do it. Let's get married." He grinned, unbelieving, and kissed his equally grinning – fiancé? – again.
Sherlock allowed himself to admit that indeed, it did look beautiful- especially the sunlight, catching on John's hair. But yes, he did in fact want – need – to step outside properly for the first time in almost six months.
"I'm not insane, John. I know the victims were raped, but that doesn't give us the motive. We don't know why they did it. And if we don't know that, we don't know how they choose the victims, where they keep them or how they're going to strike next. If we're going to stop them, we need to find out why."
"Well, we're not married yet." The man countered, hiding his smile behind the water glass as he took a sip.
The detective still felt himself pulsing inside his trousers, but he couldn't bring himself to cross that line. If anything, he was afraid he'd react negatively and spoil this moment for the both of them. No, let them bask in this successful encounter; he didn't want John to end up feeling guilty again.
The two detectives looked at him, almost having forgotten he was still there. And the sudden focus made both Yarders look at Sherlock properly for the first time. The man wasn't wearing his signature gloves. But more importantly, he was holding a mug in both of his obviously mutilated hands.
"Stay back!!!" she shouted, tears streaming down her face. She was trembling and sobbing, even though she was the armed one.
"Good, that's good. Because we, ahm-" Lestrade fumbled a bit with his suit pocket and retrieve an envelope from it. "Here" he offered it to the both of them.
Sherlock's vision was still spinning a bit and he felt light headed from the effort of emptying his stomach, but he shook his head. "John- this case-"
When she pulled him by his shoulder so he'd lie on his back again, the blankets went with him and John could see the mattress underneath. There was a fist-sized splotch of blood on the sheets.
John twitched inside him at the request, and the thought of coming inside Sherlock made him start moving again almost immediately. He closed his eyes and let himself go, picking up speed and focusing entirely on the sensations.
Suddenly, like someone had just hit him over the head, Sherlock spun around and then stopped dramatically, his eyes widening the slightest bit.
What they eventually reached, with their slow pace, was a beautiful terrace. It was much larger than the balcony in their room, and it faced the actual gardens, giving it a breathtaking view.
"I know, I'm getting there" John told him playfully, but pressed a kiss to his shoulder and then finally, finally, held himself in his hand and lined them up with purpose.
Everyone was very pointedly trying to ignore the wailing of the woman in the video, but it very was hard to do so. The men weren't just raping her; they were torturing her at the same time.
At that Mycroft got up and reached into his suit, bringing out a large yellow envelope which he then held out for his brother to get "I was holding onto this until you were aware enough to… appreciate it."
"Don't blow up the flat while I'm gone" he warned with a mock stern face and Sherlock only smiled a bit mischievously back at him.
Eventually, there was nothing. It was all muffled inputs and the only things he knew how to do was roll over to sleep and roll back to open his mouth and accept that thing they always put in there.
Carefully, Sherlock accepted the envelope and slowly opened it with the lack of finesse his fingers allowed.
The voice snapped the detective out of his thoughts, and he looked up into the concerned eyes of his partner.
Right before their eyes, they saw the two men close the distance between each other and share a very intimate and chaste kiss. It was barely a brush of the lips, but it was clearly something they had done before.
John had his eyes closed and his hand up to stop Lestrade from talking as he processed the information.
As they pulled on each other and kissed fiercely like they were trying to meld their bodies together, Sherlock's eyes spoke to him. The piercing, pale blue eyes were blown with lust, with love, and they wanted something from John.
"Why don't you get dinner on, while I take a bath?" he said instead, as he got up to wash his hands on the sink.
There was no Mycroft today, as expected, and so he went to fetch food from the canteen before coming back to help Sherlock with his morning routine. The detective was doing pretty much everything on his own, so long as he rested between bouts of exertion. Sure, he still needed help to walk, but he could also take some steps by himself.
Finally, John cleared his throat and puffed out his chest a bit "Yes. That is- yes. We're getting married." He said, closing the case on their silent topic.
But the whole afternoon would consist of Sherlock walking up and down the halls of the house, checking every nook and cranny, going upstairs and then down and then up again. There was a bloody basement and a bloody attic and both were spot-clean.
It went on for a while and he could feel as his insides were torn, as he started to bleed onto the intrusion. This wasn't the superficial, minor bleeding that sometimes happened when they fucked him, this was blood that he could actually feel dripping down his legs.
He also dutifully sat down for all meals of the day, and didn't complain when he had to drink his meal supplement on top of that. The combined effect of proper nutrition and extra calories had him finally back to his normal weight after two weeks of being home.
One of the men from the video was lying motionless on the ground, blood flowing from a wound Sherlock couldn't see. And the girl- the girl was naked, cuffed at her feet and aiming a gun at him.
He heard the long, drawn out frustrated sigh coming from the policeman before the man finally acquiesced. "Fine. Now please come?"
Sherlock almost, almost lifted his hand to grab the envelope, but thankfully stopped himself in time. "Just put it over there, Graham. What is it, you people forgot how to tie your shoes again?"
John was standing there, arms crossed and staring fixedly at a point on the wall. His tongue peaked out to lick at his bottom lip, and then he cocked his head to the side and turned to look at Sherlock.
He would greet his captors on his knees, with his mouth open hoping it would tempt them into going for it – he'd gotten better at it, he could tell – and often times he succeeded.
"Ok, look mates, this- this just got out of hand, alright? Sally didn't-" he looked back at the sergeant, urging her to step forward and say her piece. "She didn't mean that"
-I'm writing them both as severely emotionally-constipated people; John as an extremely repressed bisexual, and Sherlock as a gay demisexual-ish, because that's exactly how they come across to me in the BBC canon. I don't think they would personally identify themselves with any of those terms, however.
That same week, Mycroft brought Cluedo of all things and John only wished he had popcorn to watch the two brothers play, it was so amusing.
"I'm not dead." He told his friend all of a sudden, and John had the decency not to look at him like he was an idiot "I didn't die- I- it was a plan, but we couldn't tell you- I had to- I was-" his mind was very foggy, but he knew it was important that John knew the truth, now. Now that his mission was over- was it over?
They were going to shower separately. John even started to – honest-to-god singing in the shower from the mood he was in – but Sherlock was quick to follow him into their bath. Wordlessly, the detective got in behind him, bit down on his earlobe and wrapped his hand around his soon-to-be-husband with a hunger he couldn't hold back.
?" John interrupted very pointedly, turning to stand in between Lestrade and his flatmate. "Sherlock?" he demanded, his voice all Captain Watson.
Sherlock was still frowning at him like he couldn't believe John was a real person, because he couldn't be so lucky. No one could be this lucky.
"Alright, you mad man." The doctor murmured, but his huffed smile was indulgent. He grabbed his discarded coat and followed his partner out the door.
Where he normally would have rattled on his brilliant deduction with the floorboards and sounds, this time he couldn't speak. He couldn't even bring himself to fake it. His energy was focused entirely on not letting his current state show – and he wasn't sure he was being successful.
His mobile kept ringing and it was, of course, John. He dutifully didn't answer, and just kicked it over to her as promised.
"We're checking the surroundings" Lestrade assured, but he too looked a bit tired. "John might be right. And we still have to interrogate the owner, either way."
The blokes from evidence were the only competent people in the Yard. Sherlock knew, because it was a challenge to steal things from them.
"It was fine. The bodies, the suspects, this whole case- I was handling it just fine." Sherlock started, eventually "But the room, when the door closed, it was just..." he trailed off and when he looked up, John could tell he was scared "I- I'm paranoid, John." He finally admitted.
-" John exclaimed, pursing his lips together and huffing out his nose loudly. "Is this why you didn't take me with you that first day?"
"Covered them well enough that you needed me to come in and point out the obvious" he replied immediately, giving her a fake smile before turning back to the bag in his hands. "Clean-up is tedious – and dangerous. You're most likely to get caught hiding a body than murdering it. Obvious."
When Sherlock opened the door to the flat with much more force than was probably necessary, he was unsurprised to see his friendly neighborhood policeman standing there.
There was something about this bed, about lying with his back up against the wall and John next to him; it felt unbelievably safe. He reached out and pulled the doctor closer to him so that the shorter man was essentially being used as a blanket. Then he pressed his nose to John's hair, inhaling the scent and enjoying the man's arms wrapping around his body.
John took off his sweater – he wasn't sure whether it had been soiled too. Wearing only his shirt and boxers, he joined his partner on the bed.
Sherlock was still moaning, but the nurse simply looked up at John and then continued to ignore him as she moved the detective around.
"Why didn't you tell me you went with Greg? I could have come with" John asked when he had returned, and he sounded just a bit hurt.
He could see John positively biting down on his urge to volunteer to help him with the food, but he appreciated the sentiment nonetheless.
"Are you-" he started, but was promptly interrupted when a young investigator walked into the room with a handful of papers.
They didn't address him. They talked to each other in loud drunken voices as they passed him around like a bowl of crisps.
"Well, then maybe you should stop saying it. Sherlock has… feelings too." He told her, even as the words felt very strange in his mouth. She looked at him with her nose scrunched up. "Oh, shut up. He does." He insisted.
There was nothing else in the room but empty space, it had no telly like usual hospital rooms did, nor was it overly decorated. It looked like an empty ballroom; the walls painted in a warm, inviting yellow and curtains white and tasteful were the only thing on them aside from the couple of paintings of landscapes.
getting better, though. One day, when he woke up, he blinked several times and it looked as though he was trying to focus- there was awareness in his eyes that John hadn't seen yet.
Finally, Sherlock pulled back enough so they could stare each other in the eyes again and he spoke in an almost whisper "I want to be inside you."
"Sherlock, they're- they're dead. They're all dead. Moriarty's dead, he-" John started, but the detective shook his head emphatically.
The younger man was pulsing, unbelievably hard under him as they rocked against each other fully clothed.
doing here?" John grumbled from the kitchen, placing two mugs down on the counter with much more force than necessary.
"No! No!" she sobbed, her face red "No, I won't…" she trailed off, crying, her shaking hands still holding the gun in Sherlock's direction.
"I love you" John murmured into his shoulder, and it was the softest of confessions, even as it was not news to either of them.
"John-" and that was all the warning he got, because then Sherlock was convulsing against him, coming all over his naked skin and the mattress. He had only lasted a couple of minutes, which was more than John could say for his own first time over twenty years ago.
Suddenly the detective jerked and drove up to meet John half way, but when he did it, his eyes shot open and he seemed alarmed.
The detective pressed himself entirely, almost comically, against the headboard. And John was confused until he himself was ordered to do the same as Sherlock tugged on the duvet. Then, the man slid underneath it and he followed suit, actually rather glad as it was getting a bit chilly on his naked skin.
He was, in fact, so focused on the The Work this time that he just went straight into the forensics lab instead of stealing the evidence off to Barts like he'd often do.
The man was not patient. He pulled the blanket off him and grabbed him by the hair "Turn!" he ordered again, very clearly, his face an inch away from Sherlock's.
His past drug abuse meant he had a very high tolerance to narcotics, and so his morphine dosage was through the roof. It was the main reason why he was still so out of it; he was essentially high as a kite twenty four seven.
"I'm taking him back to Baker Street. You don't want him contaminating your crime scene, do you?" He gave Greg a pointed look and then threw the crumpled paper towel he held into the bin.
John had to think fast, but he'd also been doing this for years, so it came out naturally "Something about the paint on fence, you know how he is." he said over his shoulder, even as Sherlock did not once turn around to face the police officers.
John was sat on his chair, his old arm chair, and was looking at him with startled eyes "Greg" he breathed out the name in surprise.
He closed his eyes as a pang of- what? Despair? Denial? Hit him. Was there anything he could still do? Was he missing something? There was always something. What could he say? Talk his way out of it? His Serbian wasn't good enough, and the men's English wasn't good enough.
"When- you died, I- I begged you for a miracle. I asked you to… stop being dead. Because I- when you were gone-" he stopped because his voice was starting to waver and he wanted to make it through his whole speech "I couldn't go back to our flat. I couldn't live there without you because- it just- was too hard."
Another glance at the two on the other side of the street showed that Sherlock had just managed to summon a cab. Great.
"Hey, are you ok?" he asked, clearing his throat. His hand felt for his jacket's pocket and something crinkled beneath his fingers; he'd brought Sherlock's emergency meds, just in case.
John nodded even as he had no intention of doing that, but Lestrade was satisfied and turned back to join the other yarders.
"My mother insisted on that one." Sherlock told her, because he could deduce the picture she was looking at by the shades of red reflecting onto her face.
Sherlock had his eyes shut tightly as he coughed, as though the movement caused him pain. Then the coughs grew deeper and less throaty, and the next thing John knew the detective was throwing up all over himself.
His lover was very much not looking at him. "I may have forgotten to mention all the details of this case."
When Mycroft came back in, John pretended he hadn't been crying; Mycroft pretended he hadn't seen it.
"John, you- well, you know already. What they did." Sherlock started, and then looked away before carrying on "But, it wasn't- it wasn't something that happened just once. It was-" he couldn't bring himself to finish it.
Two more men came during that day, at different times, they used him as the others had done and walked away in much the same way. No one untied his very well secured hands and no one bothered to pull his trousers back up. He was just left to slump to his side and try to catch his breath.
When they got back, he helped Sherlock back into his bed and for a moment their hands brushed and the unspoken words screamed between them again.
Outside the three of them, there was only one of Mycroft's men carrying their two suitcases – they hadn't much between them – but when everyone entered the car, the man sat on the front seat with the driver, leaving the three of them in the privacy of the back seats.
"It's not a case, Sherlock." His brother almost rolled his eyes, as though it should have been obvious. "Here." He said, and then he placed a little metal box on the coffee table.
When Sherlock woke up, John would kiss him good morning, they'd smile and laugh and tease each other as they used to. But then, Sherlock would also move on his bed and give John quiet looks of invitation. They spent one full afternoon side by side in the small hospital bed, Sherlock doing his puzzles while John read a book. They ended up taking a nap, John's head on his shoulder and the detective's arm wrapped loosely around him.
His ribs had almost entirely healed at this point, sometimes they would still hurt a bit, but it was barely there. His legs weren't quite there yet though and sometimes they would simply give out on him, though thankfully not both at once.
Efficiently, he removed the soiled blanket from the bed and dropped it on the floor, right onto the puddle of sick that was there. Then, he went into the bathroom, soaked a clean towel with warm water and came back to a Sherlock that still had his eyes tightly shut and an expression of pain on his face.
"You need to up his morphine. He's in a lot of pain. What's his dosage right now?" John demanded, feeling like a doctor that had no staff.
"I does the others, if you want" he offered, stepping away to give Sherlock a chance to redeem himself.
"What do you think?" his lover countered, even as they heard steps coming up the stairs. And before the two detectives could make it to their door Sherlock looked at his partner "John, can you just-"
But Sherlock's brain was wired to counteract incorrect trains of thought, so he immediately replied "The movie would lose half its market value. They want to hear her scream, that's part of what turns them on." He could, perhaps, have said it with less of a bite, too.
"I know there's something off about this case. When I was there, when I saw that basement- it's so staged, John. It's not normal. Don't you see? This is the perfect game! It's exactly the kind of thing he'd do." Sherlock sat up as well, and he looked a mix between scared and frustrated.
When Lestrade came to fetch them, Sherlock let John go ahead and stayed behind as Amanda pulled on his sleeve.
John was blinking rapidly, and he was already preparing this huge speech about how it wasn't the same thing; about how having something taken from you against your will, under the threat of violence – or, wrapped in violence – was completely different from sharing your body with someone you cared about. But then he realized that it was useless to say it- that's not what Sherlock needed to hear right now. Hell, that wasn't even the point John wanted to make right now.
When the nurse came to change Sherlock's bandages and presumably take care of his other needs, John was politely invited to fuck off. During those times, he'd usually take a walk around the hospital grounds, never straying more than a few meters from the entrance. He was starting to get to know most of the staff's faces even if he couldn't bring himself to spend enough time outside Sherlock's room to actually strike up a conversation with any of them.
Irrational as it may have been, the thoughts took complete control of him and he started hyperventilating and gripping the woman's shoulders forcefully.
"Sounds lovely" he retorted uninterested. It wasn't that satisfying to mock people who couldn't understand you, so he'd stopped doing it- mostly.
"I know." The detective interrupted, because he remembered Serbia vividly. It was England he had started to forget about.
After a couple of hours, he had unlocked himself from the bedroom and allowed John entry. He didn't want to alienate his lover, but he was not in a talking mood. So he went out into the living room, picked up his neglected violin and started to play a song that came out just as mutilated as he was.
The apology did soothe John's anger over being left out a little bit, but he still didn't feel completely ok with the whole thing. He
that assaulted him. He reached out, hand shaking, to touch the unconscious figure and he felt his throat constrict when he made contact with Sherlock's skin. God, it felt like paper- dry and thin and fragile. He looked so awful, he looked-
He felt the anger bubble up in his throat and he started trembling with the effort to not punch someone in the face or kick the nearest chair off into the wall. "You know what? We're done here." He said, voice low and cutting
Then he left his plate where it was and came over to kneel in front of Sherlock. "Sherlock, when you died- it- it just destroyed me. But the thought of you being in pain and not being able to stop it is so much worse. So there it is. There's your invincibility, again." He placed a hand on top of the one the detective was using to hold the box. "I didn't want to reassure you with empty words, because you're right- in our line of work, who knows what's going to happen? I don't think it'll be Moriarty's men or anything like that, but you're right that it could be something else, someone else. And now, no matter what happens, you'll always have a way out."
And there was that part of John that Sherlock knew so intimately – a darker part of him. The same that had answered
When he opened his eyes, he saw Sherlock's face flushed and his mouth half open. With his heavy-lidded eyes, the detective looked like he was in total bliss. The sight went straight to John's cock and he twitched; this was amazing.
"So I take it your talk with my dear brother didn't go as planned?" was the first thing Sherlock said when he walked through the door.
"I want to get married" the detective reiterated. "I want to get married to you. I've never wanted anything more than I want this right now."
Something was still missing, though, and when he pulled off the man's cock one more time, John opened his eyes in concern again, but Sherlock shook his head. "Your hand" the detective said, and his right hand extended so it lay on John's belly. The army doctor's own fingers finding it and interlacing them together.
"No, I don't. I don't know what you mean." John pressed, because he wanted Sherlock to spell it out if he was going to accuse John of mollycoddling of all things.
The detective actually stopped to think on the question, all the while staring at the enormous bed he hadn't seen in years. Instead of addressing the matter at hand, he touched the headboard absentmindedly and asked "Can you push the bed against the corner?"
John and he kept close to Lestrade and his team, so they all saw the shadow moving at the exact same time.
"Fine. Yes. I was talking to Mycroft, you're a genius of deduction, thank you very much" He mocked lightly, but he just sounded tired.
the motivation being different." He reiterated pointedly as he stepped away, trying to lighten the mood again. For the first time that day, it worked.
Mycroft… yes. He had seen him, hadn't he? He had been here. He nodded to John's question because he needed to know about the mission, how it had ended, if it had ended, if they were successful.
Sherlock started solving cold cases – 3s and 4s from what John could tell – from the couch and texting Lestrade every few hours with a solution. It kept him busy and focused and John was glad to see it.
But John had his jaw locked and he only opened his mouth long enough to look at his partner and say "Come on, Sherlock. We're going." And it was his military, no-nonsense voice.
When he was done, he had the taste of his lover down his throat and a positively Cheshire cat grin on his face.
"I haven't, ahm, kept in touch with Lestrade much, you know how it is- he's a copper and all." He put his hand awkwardly at the back of his neck "Haven't talked much to Mrs. Hudson, either. I just- time and-"
After the current two men finished with him, he was dragged onto his feet and out of the room down a path he knew well. He was shoved unceremoniously into the shower room and the cold, unforgiving water was thrown on him. Only when the men had let him go so they could spray him, did Sherlock realize he couldn't stand on his own anymore, his legs were too weak.
Armed with lube, things were very different. John squeezed an exaggerated amount onto his hand and made the same path he'd done before, coating the outside of his lover's entrance all the way up to his balls and then back. It turned sloppy and messy, but Sherlock seemed to be enjoying it.
It did. The man stepped on his right foot, his muddy boot digging into Sherlock's tender flesh without mercy. "Go, you fucking shit!" he swore in Serbian. And then he went for the detective's hand, expertly twisting one of his fingers until it gave it and popped, making his prisoner curse loudly.
Voices erupted from everyone in the room as people rose to action. The only person who didn't speak or move was Sherlock.
For some reason, he hadn't expected the man to come in his mouth and when he did, Sherlock went into a violent coughing fit, his gag reflex coming to life making him throw up a little bit on the floor.
"When you- was that why you didn't want to eat? When you woke up?" he asked, and he was severely glad his tone sounded almost conversational. That was good, that was normal, normal was good.
They hadn't, ever. It had been well over a year since their return to Baker Street, and their physical relationship had progressed tremendously well. Sherlock became more and more adventurous about touching and exploring John's body. He had been much slower in allowing John to return the favor, however.
His right hand found the door knob and he gripped it hard with his three fingers, but when he tried to twist it, it didn't move at all. It was a one way door.
Mycroft made a show of walking around the room before he sat in one of the wooden chairs, his umbrella resting against the table.
The younger man's back was pressed flushed against him, and John's cock already started to pulse in interest.
His other hand snaked over Sherlock's chest to interlace their fingers together, and with another loving kiss to his ear, his neck, his shoulder, he slowly rubbed himself against Sherlock's back, his cock nestling in between his cheeks but not moving to enter him just yet.
"I'm brilliant?!" John bit out a raspy laugh "Sherlock, I'm pretty sure that's my line." He told his younger lover very matter-of-factly. "That was- that was amazing." He laughed again, and it reminded Sherlock of when they met and John heard his deductions for the first time.
"Ok" Sherlock said, then. But before John even moved, he spoke again "Just- don't take my clothes off."
"Sorry" John said smiling as he stopped grinding so purposefully onto Sherlock's cock. "You just feel really good."
The doctor stopped moving and looked at him searchingly. He felt like he was being tested and he hated it.
It was then that John noticed the half healed scar that ran vertically down Sherlock's entire stomach. It was clearly not one of his torture scars, it was too precise and deep – surgery. He hadn't even known Sherlock'd had abdominal surgery while at the hospital, but then again, he didn't know much at all. It did explain why it hurt so much for him to walk and sit and stand up.
So by the time October, and the possibility of an outside case, came along Sherlock had already been leaving the flat to walk with John every other day. He didn't have panic attacks anymore, and he could move gracefully as he always had before.
"What is that, from the mission? Please tell me Mycroft didn't bring you a damn case- you're not even out of the hospital yet, Jesus."
Over the top of Sherlock's head, John and Mycroft shared a meaningful glance and it was an unspoken vow on the doctor's part –
"Oh my god, Sherlock. My bloody god, I'm fucking- jesus-" he babbled, still bent over as he came all over them both. When he opened his eyes he could see the mess he'd made on Sherlock's torso and something primal inside of him reveled in it.
"Well, ah. There're some people from the media who want to talk to you." he shifted uncomfortably again "You know, hero of the hour and all that."
He stopped counting after a few rounds. He was sure he was bleeding, and it was confirmed when he tasted one of the men after he'd been in his arse; it made him gag and throw up a second time. The proceedings went late into the night, with everyone taking a turn or two. He was exhausted.
When John finally positioned himself properly and lined them up, they stopped moving altogether and just stared at each other in anticipation.
Shaking his head, John focused and went to the cabinet where they kept clean sheets and procured a new set, including a thick, cozy blanket.
Then he opened his eyes and in a split second, he was hunching over and throwing up all over John's trouser legs and the grass beneath. His hand reached out to bunch in John's sweater as he continued to heave forcefully. The doctor dutifully didn't move an inch out of his reach.
John actually sighed in defeat, the hand clutching his decoy slumping to his side. He ran a hand over his face and then tossed the unnecessary bottle of aspirin on the couch.
Sherlock was breathing heavily and staying very still, but he didn't seem terribly tense, which in turn put John at ease. "Just… don't move yet." The detective finally spoke, and his right hand came back to rest on his lover's thighs. John's hand immediately covered it with his own and he ran his thumb lovingly over the other's fingers.
"I do not think Sherlock would have appreciated my sharing the details of his stay in Serbia with you. And you'll forgive me, Doctor Watson, if I wanted to afford him the dignity of, for the first time in months, having something done on his own terms."
He opened his mouth, caught completely off guard. Then he looked around and at Donovan, before nodding and sliding back to the floor to sit right across from her.
"I'm afraid because now I know what happens when I lose. And I-" his voice broke a bit and his eyes started stinging "John, I can't- there's nothing that scares me more than being sent back there."
It made John incredibly happy to see him recovering like this- recovering his will, his weight and appetite; and even his curls as his hair had grown back just enough that you could tell it wasn't straight.
Eventually, the man stopped. It looked like someone had cut his strings loose, because Sherlock just sagged. His arms went limp at his sides, the violin drifting to the floor, the bow pointing downwards in defeat.
The chorus of sniffles echoing in the church almost drew the attention away from Sherlock's own teary, reddened eyes. He was glad that, aside from John, really only Lestrade was seeing the state he was in.
John found him sat on the toilet's closed lid, hair damp and body already dry – so successful shower, at least – and wearing loose pajama bottoms.
They stay in silence for a little while, but eventually John's fingers still and he speaks again "Maybe we should wrap up for tonight"
Sherlock, who had been silent all the way from the car, just hummed as he put his fingers together under his chin. "And what
He ignored the part of him that did attach meaning to it, the part of him that felt violated, that felt humiliated, that felt as though this type of violence might be even worse than the purely physical one. To be tortured and beaten when captured was expected, it was a tale of bravery he could boast about later if he wanted to- but this? This was something he would never speak of again, these weren't the proud wounds of a warrior; this was shame.
Sure, she had been lurking in the background with all the other we-all-chipped-in gift-givers, but there was still no love lost between her and Sherlock. There was a lot between her and John, none of which was remotely pleasant.
"We kind of, ah, misplaced the rescue tape." Lestrade continued, clearing his throat, his hands in his pockets and looking anything but casual "So, no one can really watch it again to be sure."
The respirator came off as Sherlock's lungs fought off their infection and became strong enough to breathe on their own. A much less obtrusive nasal cannula replaced it and each little victory filled John with hope.
"Hey, cool off! Let her go, right now!" Lestrade ordered. And he didn't put himself between his teammate and friend only because it was physically impossible to do so.
"It'll get better, won't it?" she asked, looking much less cheerful than she had the whole time they'd been there.
John nodded at that "Yeah, that was a surprise for me too." He admitted. "It feels like nothing else."
Part of him was revolted at even thinking about John in a moment like this, but it was all he had. He used his tongue, he kept his teeth away from the sensitive skin and he sucked avidly. He tried to get all of it in his mouth, choked himself twice trying, but didn't give up and kept going. He bobbed his head rhythmically and soon the man was moaning and rocking his hips, hand grabbing at Sherlock's hair as he pushed the detective flush against him and came down his throat.
He stood right in front of him, a strong presence between the detective and the rest of the world, but he didn't attempt to touch him or comfort him. He knew that when this happened, Sherlock needed physical space and silence so he could close his eyes and try to breathe again.
"Alright, come here. I got you, ok? You're alright." he kept saying as he wiped his friend's mouth and neck gently. "There we go, that's better now."
The blatant movement obviously didn't go unnoticed and Sherlock dropped his head onto the cushion as though in defeat, a sigh that could have been a huff leaving him.
John was still looking guilty and pained when he turned back to look at him, but Sherlock promptly crossed the room and took the man's face between his hands. "John. I am fine." He said very pointedly before kissing him briefly.
Sherlock nodded sleepily and John dropped him off there before heading back to the kitchen. "Call me when you're out" he shouted over his shoulder.
He could feel himself grow hard at feeling John's hot skin pressing behind him. He knew what he wanted – it was a desire that came so naturally – and he also knew he wasn't afraid to try anymore. Just thinking about it, just the prospect of it, made him bite his bottom lip and made his breath speed up.
He did exactly that, and when his hand finally, finally reached inside Sherlock's pants and wrapped around his cock, the detective gasped against him. It was a very good gasp by the look of it, though. And when the teal eyes opened to look at him, they were almost pitch black from his blown pupils.
"Honestly, John, it's not like I don't know it's there" he said matter-of-factly in his best everybody-is-an-idiot voice. He'd felt it before during their make out sessions and, granted, he had never pressed against it so clearly like he had just done, but still.
It honestly just looked like he was going to get up and pull John into their bedroom, at first. But Sherlock didn't move and then he was placing both his hands on John's knees, his face dangerously close to the man's crotch.
Not only was there a bottle of lube in John's hand, but it was one that had clearly seen quite a lot of use.
In the night, John slept on his couch and there were lingering glances across the room and a lot of tossing and turning, but neither of them brought it up.
They stayed in companionable silence for a couple of minutes until Sherlock looked up and put his hands on the laptop with a tired expression. "You know what I really would like, John?"
There was a single mattress on the floor, a bowl, chains and a metal pole that was bolted to both the floor and the ceiling. There were dried splotches of blood scattered in different places.
There was a bit of a staring contest between them, then. John refused to be the one to point out the obvious, and Sherlock was way too focused on the good news to want to think about what came next. Eventually, he acquiesced.
Greg walked further into the flat and ignored both John's questions and Sherlock's antagonism. "You were right. It was in the dirt samples we got from under her nails." He said, sounding victorious. He always got like this when a lead turned out to be true. "We tracked him down; the mud on his boot matches."
For a moment, John wasn't going to answer that. He was just going to brush it off and say half-truths like he had been doing so far, but something inside of him was screaming that he had dreamed of this – of having a chance to tell Sherlock everything he'd wanted before the man died – and now that he'd been granted this miracle he was walking away because he was too much of a coward?
It was mesmerizing to watch him. His hand would speed up, but then slow down and drag a couple of strokes out painfully slow, then he'd pick up again, bucking his hips. His thumb would reach out to caress the head, grazing ever so slightly over his slit.
John's entire demeanor changed as he registered the words, and he promptly placed himself between his partner and the rest of the room.
He could see the moment she faltered, her frightened eyes softening the tiniest bit as his words reached her.
He handed the photos back to Sherlock and the detective lagged in accepting them, but in the end he did and placed them over his lap, face-up this time.
But then the detective was breaking the kiss and pulling back just enough so that they could look each other in the eye.
"The reason why… I let you see those pictures, John, is because I-" He closed his mouth, re-thinking the way he was going to say it "I don't know if I'll ever- if I will ever be able to… be with someone, in that way."
It was never dark inside his cell, there was always an anemic overhead light that cast a sickly orange glow onto the room, and so as he shifted sorely he could see the mess left on the inside of his thighs. They hadn't pulled his trousers back up, so he pulled it all the way off enough that he could use the filthy fabric to wipe himself clean, flinching as it rubbed against his raw entrance.
The room Sherlock was being kept in was spacious and bright like he had never seen a hospital room before. The bed sat in the center of the right wall, an array of monitors gathered around, beeping rhythmically in a way that was rather soothing- Sherlock Holmes had a beating heart. A couch sat in the one of the corners, while a comfy chair was stood near the bed itself. Large windows gave a breath-taking view of the outside and just under them there was a simple wooden table with a couple of wooden chairs- for dining, perhaps.
Sherlock cleared his throat and continued "I don't want you to..." what were the right words for this? "I don't want to deceive you. What we said, the other day- what you said, that you also feel something for me- I don't want to lead you along, because I know that after what happened, I- I can't. I can't."
"Yes, yes. We'll meet you there" Sherlock replied. And it was hard to make his usual dismissive hand gestures with his hands stuck inside his dressing gown, but he did it anyway.
During the first week, Sherlock didn't even shift; he was still hooked up to the respirator and being kept under heavy sedation. John became intimately acquainted with the room's couch and had created a nest of sorts for himself there. Some days Mycroft would come by and they would eat dinner or have tea, then the man would disappear to speak with the doctors – he didn't volunteer any information about the extent or nature of Sherlock's injuries, and John didn't ask. He knew Mycroft wasn't going to tell him, and he was afraid to examine the reason too closely.
Sherlock had narrowed down four possible locations that their body-disposal guy could have visited in the last twenty four hours based on the particular residues in his shoes. Once it was established that two of them were empty fields, one was too far away and the last was an old farm house, it wasn't hard to decide which to visit first.
"You want to… watch me?" he gestured to vaguely downwards, feeling his half-hard cock gain even more interest in the proceedings.
This time, The Kid stepped up to him but made no move to fuck his mouth or his arse, instead he said "I clean you" and gestured vaguely towards the detective's back.
For a split second that seemed to last an eternity, it felt like Sherlock was just looking at him, unmoving. But then warm, tentative fingers brushed against his naked flesh and John's entire body shuddered. The detective didn't do much at first, just touched him and let his fingertips run up and down John's cock. But eventually the three fingers of his right hand slowly and experimentally wrapped around then length and Sherlock glanced up at him almost as though seeking reassurance.
John leaned down and kissed him hungrily in response. The moan that was dragged out of his throat made it clear what he thought about the suggestion.
"Of course I've thought about it. I've thought about a lot of things." John's fingers were playing with the cap of the lube as he admitted it.
John was starting to feel his nose prickle in that tell-tale sign that his eyes were going to start watering, so he blinked rapidly.
He rummaged through his things purposefully, knowing exactly what he was looking for and where he kept it – away from his prying and all-seeing lover. When he came back to bed, Sherlock was arching an eyebrow in surprise.
That should have settled that, but the older detective was still fidgeting in front of him. Clearly, there was something still unspoken.
He had fought back on the third time they did it. He had numbed himself during the first two encounters, but on the third he felt he needed to do something to prove to himself that he wasn't cooperating. It got him a bloody nose, fingers shoved into the hollow of where his toenails should be and a kick to his side which had bruised if not broken a couple of ribs. In the end, the man still fucked him, only it had hurt even more.
Beneath the bushy beard and the myriad of bruises was a gaunt face with sunken eyes and pale, chapped lips. It was so beaten and dirty with grime that Mycroft actually took a few seconds to recognize the person for who he was.
Sleep, open your mouth, sleep, open your mouth, sleep, open your mouth. As far as he was concerned, that's how life had always been.
"I think he's thirsty" John told the nurse, desperate to help in any way, but the woman just looked at him and shook her head.
Sherlock nodded in understanding, but just as John was lifting his hand towards him, he grasped it in his own, stopping him. "Wait"
The twin grins and flushed cheeks and slightly wrinkled shirts that greeted the elder Holmes made the man eye them both with distaste.
When he came out, he was sure to linger for at least another handful of minutes before running a hand through his hair like he was just realizing something.
An order was barked to his friends, and soon they were all stepping forward to each hold one of Sherlock's arms and legs. He tried to struggle against them, more out of instinct than logic since he knew he had no chance to overpower even one of them, let alone four. His hands had last been mutilated after his brief escape ten days ago, his left pinky being the most recent loss, but all three stumps were still healing and he knew it was an exercise in masochism to attempt to stop the men with his hands.
"Don't!! Don't pick it up!" She shouted immediately, completely set back by the new potential threat.
The next moment the detective was sitting up so fast his head almost collided with John's jaw. He stared at the doctor wide eyed for a couple of seconds and then he jumped onto his feet.
The night that followed was one of the worse since their return to Baker Street. Sherlock had nightmare after nightmare after nightmare. And, unsurprisingly, it culminated in a panic attack so great that John had to give him medication to calm him back down.
This is it, you guys! Just sunshine and rainbows, and the happy ending that our babies deserved, but didn't get in the shit show of s4 (Yes, I'm bitter as fck).
They were walking in quick strides, making their way across the floor and out the door of the Yard, hoping they would still catch the two men. And just as they left the station they spotted John and Sherlock on the other side of the street, waiting for a cab.
She looked away from him again, put her hands in her pocket and paused pointedly before continuing "I don't know anything about your life. And even though you get under my skin sometimes, that doesn't make you a psychopath. And I'm sorry I called you a freak. You're not. You're just… smarter than all of us."
Greg took pity on the young investigator and told him to get back to it. Then he crossed his arms, and tilted his head at Sherlock, as though to say 'Well?'
Their position on the sofa was a bit odd; the detective was draped over him, but almost falling off. So Sherlock shifted, angling his head to reach John's mouth better, but when he did so, it was inevitable that John's hardness brushed against his thigh.
But the detective didn't need anything, he just couldn't sleep well. He had kept the sleeping pattern he'd developed in Serbia. Namely, he woke up at any hint of sounds, because if he wasn't up and ready when his captors wanted him, the sessions were always rougher.
"Oh my god" Sally exclaimed again, turning around like she couldn't look directly at the scene. "Oh my god. The freak-"
The sleepy pale eyes slowly blinked awake and at noticing their unfamiliar surroundings, the detective gripped John's arm hard.
"We're going home." John's voice was steady and kind. But he also managed to sound very much in command, even if his legs were half covered in vomit.
Slowly, he started lowering himself onto his lover's cock; it was unlike anything he had tried before. His fingers didn't really measure up to the real thing and he felt his thighs trembling in the effort to keep his descent steady.
"He's my partner." He said "As in we're getting married, not as in we work together. Although, I suppose we also do." He clarified "He's walking up and down the station, looking for us."
"Amanda wanted to be here, but she's still at the hospital. She asked if you wouldn't mind paying her a visit."
Sherlock even looked at him for a moment, disappointment also clear on his face. But the detective wouldn't be able to turn his back on this case, so John just sighed in defeat and nodded back.
Despite her threats, Sherlock knew she was warming up to him. He nodded, and slowly took off his Belstaff, making sure not to touch any of its pockets.
An order was barked off to the men who had been watching, and then Sherlock's hands were being pinned above his head and his legs were being spread apart. His knees were pressed against his chest, leaving him completely exposed; Leader had never fucked him before, and Sherlock didn't expect him to start now. He knew what was going to happen.
He looked at his phone hoping there had been some gruesome murder in the upper ranks that needed to be
"I think I'm good at it." He said, seemingly out of the blue. But both of them knew exactly what he was talking about, and it was the most conflicting statement John had ever heard.
He sat up with John's help as it was still very uncomfortable for him to do so, and the doctor also re-arranged the pillows on the bed after he'd set it almost upright.
His broken ribs and the surgery incision on his stomach made the whole thing a very big challenge. Most of his weight was shared between him and the woman as he leaned heavily on her so he could walk, but walk he did and he couldn't help but feel accomplished at having managed such a mundane task.
He asked himself how gay men could possibly enjoy something so painful. But then, he reckoned the average gay man was not getting fucked up to seven times a day by different people.
-One thing I always dislike about most recovery fics (and, by all means, everyone should write what they like, of course!), is that Sherlock always is hostile towards John. Personally, I don't think that'd be the case. I had yet to find a fic that portrayed them both as actively loving and open to each other after a trauma like this so I had to write my own lol.
The detective thought about hiding the pictures back into the folder, but John had already seen he'd been holding something and he was coming over to see what it was.
That night, John refused to sleep on his couch. He spent the whole night crumpled on his armchair and paranoid about every noise and movement Sherlock made. But the detective wasn't moaning anymore and his eyes weren't shut tightly anymore either. He'd gone back to lying on his side, and held the new warm blanket around himself in the same way he'd done before.
When they were finally sat on their respective chairs, digging into their sandwiches, footsteps could be heard coming up the stairs.
The nurses were, however discretely, almost in a line as they passed, greeting them and waving them goodbye, wishing for a successful recovery; the detective was graceful in accepting their well-wishes.
With another shove, John let her go and stepped away, but his posture was all soldier. His nostrils were still flaring and he was still clenching his teeth in anger.
She clicked on the icon for the reel, and the first picture that came up was of a document of sorts. She flipped through that, and the next one was of her companion, sitting on an armchair and working on a laptop. After that was a series of pictures that all looked nearly identical, both men were in the frame, but the crop was so up close that you couldn't see much of their surroundings.
It took him months to be able to take his clothes off during sex. It took him even longer to allow John to kiss his way down his body, to take him into his mouth like Sherlock had done to him so early on. Still, no matter how intimate, intense, hot, mind-blowing or constant their sex got, neither had been inside the other. That was a line only Sherlock would be able to cross, when and if he wanted to.
"It's a neurotoxin pill." Mycroft supplied without prompting. "Nanotechnology developed for MI6; the prototype was put to test six months ago, this is the finished version. It detaches through voice command and kills in two minutes, fifteen seconds. Painlessly." He added that last part as added measure "I suggest humming and Morse code; just in case you find yourself without a tongue."
Her chin was wobbling again and a couple of tears ran down her face, but then she finally nodded. She offered the phone to him, but didn't move from her spot on the floor.
"The body was found by some kids early this morning. Asked the business owners around, nobody saw anything. No windows to this side of the river, rough neighborhood used to the sounds of yelling at night…" Lestrade shrugged as he narrated the information they had gathered so far.
Sherlock allowed the image to become a scenario in his mind palace and he hid in there, hoping he could borrow some of the scene's warmth for his shaking bones.
When the detective did not move, he very efficiently shoved one of his hands down to Sherlock's crotch and grabbed his balls in a very forceful grip that had the detective screaming in pain.
When he woke up the next day, Mycroft was there and the two brothers were having a row over something or other. They both stopped once John stirred and started fighting more quietly, as if it wasn't already moot point.
Encouraged, John's hand closed a bit more around the length, cupping it through the fabric. He moved for a bit, feeling Sherlock's hips respond to the friction by grinding back, but then he moved his hand back up again so it rested on top of the waist band once more. His index finger very delicately traced over the tiny patch of skin he found there and once again the detective shuddered.
He started walking off, but stopped to tap with his umbrella again "Don't forget to get the aspirin on your way back. Good day, John" and then he was off.
"I'll take that" John offered helpfully and opened the envelope before Lestrade could think too much of Sherlock's actions. But then again, was anything ever strange when it came from Sherlock?
He opened and closed his mouth a couple of times, trying to find the best words for this. It couldn't sound patronizing, but he couldn't let it go, either.
But when he gathered himself and opened his mouth to take John in again, his lover stopped him, putting his hands on his shoulder softly and making him look up. "Hey. Talk to me? You ok, love?" the concerned voice asked and it was almost ridiculous how John could, well,
He sighed tiredly and rubbed his eyes before looking back at the mangled body of the young woman on the floor.
"I just- you know. You know I'm not good at this." He was looking anywhere but at Sherlock's face because he was a bloody coward. "I was miserable and I- my therapist tried to tell me- tried to get me to say it. I- the things I would have said to you and I- I couldn't, I-" He spared the detective a quick glance and surely enough, the man's piercing blue eyes were still staring straight at him. "What I'm trying to say is- before, I wanted to- I should have said it, I just-"
Once the detective was able to move around entirely on his own, he started rebuilding his chemistry lab, and their short-lived use of the kitchen table for eating purposes came to an end. John welcomed the change wholeheartedly.
Morning came and with it his first assailant of the day. He looked at the man with terror- he couldn't possibly- not right now, he just couldn't. He begged in English and he begged in Serbian, but the man just ignored him completely.
He'd woken up while one of the nurses was with him, changing the bandages on his back. He was completely still and pliant under her touch, but once she realized he was awake she tried offering a reassuring smile and nodding.
There was an air of efficiency to everything these men did; they were part of Moriarty's web for a reason. Before they had gotten the information they needed, they had tortured with skill and purpose; no playing with the food. They hadn't so much as looked at him. But now? Now he was fair game.
Her loud screams were suddenly replaced by gurgled noises as one of the men took her mouth, and the gagging noises that ensued made Sherlock start to dissociate from the scene.
Four men held a screaming, naked girl down as a fifth man walked into view of the camera and knelt by her legs.
Sherlock didn't seem interested in being touched and they would not even take their clothes off at all, but it was something.
His heart was beating so fast he thought he might actually pass out this time around, and Mycroft had to take the tablet away from him. He kept staring at his own lap where it had been, dumbfounded and trying to control the myriad of emotions running through him at the news
"Do you want us to take our clothes off?" John offered, as though he had just started reading from a list.
None of his assailant's friends seemed very happy with what the man had done. Sherlock heard him being admonished loudly as well as pushed aside roughly. The guy had apparently been too drunk to realize what he was doing.
The doctor, soldier, lingered for a few seconds more, staring Donovan down like a challenge. Then he turned around, ran his fingers across Sherlock's own and followed Lestrade into the building.
"Let's see it" he said almost absentmindedly as he continued to stare into the distance. There was some shuffling inside the room, which he imagined was Lestrade, but soon John's hand was closing around his upper arm and pulling him towards the corner.
"You want me to make you some tea? Might help?" he wanted to reach out and run his hand through Sherlock's buzz cut, but his hands stayed firm at his side. Despite their mutual feelings, there was something between them still, a line they had not crossed, and he couldn't bring himself to do it.
"Not usually, no" he breathed out his answer, but Sherlock just hummed in reply. The detective had carefully opened his trousers and was now tugging ever so slightly so John would shift enough to allow him to pull it down.
And the room was cast into a semi-dark glow, their soft lamp lighting up the room like a fireplace would have.
John threw an arm over his face, not believing what had just happened. That might have been the best orgasm he had ever had and that was saying something coming from Three Continents Watson. He continued to pet Sherlock's hair even after the man had completely let him go; he couldn't bear to lose to contact
John caught Sherlock's gaze and there was the unmistakable pull, the unaddressed tension between them, the unfulfilled promise- he wasn't completely sure where they stood, but this time he decided to just risk it and try.
Sherlock and John had mostly retreated after the bust at the abandoned station; it was all up to the Yard to do the clean-up now. Lestrade did text them here and there to update them on the current arrests, but for the most part, they were left alone.
The low, throaty growl that he extracted from his lover was delicious. He couldn't help but grin against his frustrated detective.
He didn't exactly connect the moans with a negative thing – when they moaned like that, it meant they were done and they were leaving – but it was something that he had only ever heard in that context. So it was very hard not to be reminded of the hundreds of times he'd heard that same sound before.
Sherlock moved around a bit, taking in some of the details he hadn't seen at first and cataloguing them for later. He needed to take his gloves off so he could examine the crime scene properly, but he couldn't show his hands when he was surrounded by people.
"It's- it's not poisoned or anything" he said, finally, looking completely unsure of himself since he had no idea if he had guessed right.
It was already the furthest Sherlock had ever been from his room, and his tightened grip on John's arm made it clear he was very aware of the fact. John rubbed his thumb over his friend's hand affectionately, hoping to soothe him and remind him that he wasn't doing this alone.
"What's this about?" he asked Lestrade once the man came out of his office to greet the two of them.
want to." He said very emphatically, because it was true. "I liked it. It felt… nice." A small smile tugged at the corner of his lips and he saw John cheer up the tiniest bit.
Originally, Greg had the full intention of chasing after them, but what he saw made both he and Sally stop in their tracks.
John was, once again, politely asked to leave as the two brothers talked to Sherlock's doctor in private. He knew it was fair and that Sherlock was allowed his privacy, but a part of him ached to be included in any and all aspect of his flatmate's life.
"No. Thank you, John." Mycroft drawled as he moved across the room slowly. He lingered by the shelves as though he was looking for something, but then stopped at the fireplace and turned around. "I've got something for you, brother dear." He said, finally.
It was surrounded by a short row of columns and marble steps led down to the garden bellow. There had once been a door that would have led directly to the terrace from the hospital, but it had been locked away in what looked to be a permanent fashion.
He walked behind one of his captors as the man worked and he wasn't even sparred a glance; the man had no reason to think he was anybody other than one of his associates.
"Let me show you something" he said and gently tugged Sherlock towards the right, so they could walk around the building and towards the back.
John was blinking rapidly in the tell-tale sign that he was trying not to let any tears come to his eyes. He was desperately trying to project the illusion of calm, but his clenched jaw was ruining it.
There was no opposition; Sherlock tilted his hips the tiniest bit, leaning into the fingers, and John trailed them down to cross a line he never thought he'd cross.
Tentatively, John raised one of his hands and slowly placed it over Sherlock's left one, stroking the back of it every so lightly while giving him his best awkward smile.
Immediately, he dialed his lover, all urgency returning to him. "John?" he called out as soon as the call connected. "I found her."
Sighing tiredly and rubbing his eyes, Lestrade just came closer and crouched near him "So, what have you got, then?"
Exasperated, Greg carried on. "Right, well. I still have to do it anyway." He said matter-of-factly "I'll be outside, when you're done."
Sherlock was still staring at the little device in his hand and something inexplicable was expanding in his chest like a balloon. He had never loved John as much as he did at that moment. He wouldn't have thought a human being capable of holding so much love inside themselves.
"…hold him now-" he heard the young boy tell his friend and there was some shifting around behind him. He heard the zipper of trousers again and braced himself for the pain- it didn't hurt any less the second time around. His body jerked away in reflex, but the strong arms holding him down didn't budge.
And there it was, not even a couple of seconds later he was biting out a warning of "Sherlock- I'm gonna-" and then he was moaning loudly and coming all over his stomach and his lover's hand.
"That was…" came the mumbled attempt at words and the doctor felt himself chuckle as he kissed his lovers hair.
Tentatively, John trailed his free hand up Sherlock's thigh and followed a path to his back and then down his spine, feeling the younger man shiver under his touch. When his hand stopped at the detective's tailbone, it was a question.
He'd never admit it, but his heart was almost at his throat, in fear he had been too late. According to his sources, the original message had been sent over three months ago and he had no idea how long Sherlock had been held captive before that.
His eyes scanned the message again and it was simply impossible to stop the automatic memories that came upon reading that word. Flashes of his time in Serbia always crept up at the most inconvenient times, but granted this one was entirely justified.
The door burst open, startling both occupants of the room. And then a swarm of black-clad policemen holding rifles flooded the place, followed by Lestrade and his team.
"Ok, well, that's ahm- now you-" he cleared his throat "now you know. But, I don't- you don't have to- I-"
"You'll have to be a bit more specific. As you can see," he gestured to their surroundings "I am at work, I have patients. I-"
Lestrade didn't walk so much as he jogged up the stairs like a mad man, throwing the door open without even thinking to knock. He was out of breath, but still staring around the flat frantically.
He almost dropped the phone in his haste to put his gloves back on before any of them got close enough to see. And, in hindsight, that must have looked a bit suspicious.
A nurse had been so concerned when he came back in that she thought something had happened to Sherlock in the night, but John shook his head and tried to hide his puffy eyes, his red nose and swollen face.
John opened his mouth, tried to think of something to say, realized he actually didn't have a defense for that, and just shut it again.
He wasn't even sure if they wanted him, at first; they never came in to fuck him together, save for that first time. But a nudge of someone's foot told him to get into his position- it was now something he did on command.
The stench that came off his feet and the stumps on his hands never went away, though; he imagined they were all getting infected. This was something that John would have known; John would have been able to tell him exactly what stage of infection every single one of his wounds was in.
They ended up both awake and exhausted at four in the morning, sat in their tangled sheets and damp bed. Sherlock had a glass of cool water in his hands, his head up against the wall and the eyes of a sleep deprived man.
The doctor smiled at his grumpy morning mood and continued making them a proper English breakfast. Ah, homemade food! How he had missed it.
"It's a wedding gift, from us – we all chipped in." Lestrade said, a bit awkward, as he looked back to the rest of the lurking team. "You destroyed the last one, so."
Lestrade and Donovan had jogged up to him and knelt down, trying to help with restraining the struggling man beneath him.
Hands reached for the dirty trousers he wore and snapped him out of his thoughts- he immediately bucked and kicked out without thinking about it. His feet protested loudly as the action only made his pain escalate tenfold.
John drew in a long breath, closing his eyes and trying to think of what to do next. His hands were clenched over his lap and he begged anyone who was listening to not have let him just ruin everything.
They were both smiling openly at having successfully made it outside. The breeze and the lovely sunny day leaving both feeling optimistic; it almost looked like things might turn out ok.
She crossed her eyes over her chest, unimpressed. "Why would they need someone else to get rid of the body? This guy didn't even cover his tracks properly-"
"I did expect that I would enjoy the intimacy of it. And that I would enjoy knowing it was something that gave you pleasure"
"I'll just go lie down on the couch. You go to sleep, John." He said after a good five minutes, moving to get off their bed.
"John" he breathed out, and it was a request. He could actually feel himself pulsing, needing, ready.
"Wait, wait, wait!" one of them exclaimed excitedly in Serbian as he kneeled in front of Sherlock. The detective didn't know this one that well, had barely ever seen him before, but the man was sneering at him when he attempted to say in English "You bite. I break your jaw." He warned and then he was taking out his cock and presenting it to his captive's mouth.
After a while, she sat down, gun still in hand, but almost forgotten. She pulled her knees up to her chest and rested her head on them.
Leave he did. And with their moment interrupted, they wouldn't speak of their emotional exchange again for a good few days. At least now, the tension between them was much less charged and much more a promise waiting to be fulfilled.
Sherlock eyed him with an almost child-like curiosity, silent. He looked at him for a good minute without saying anything, and John almost had to get up and leave because of how uncomfortable the whole situation was making him.
He moved a few more times, just milking himself till the last of it and then he dropped his head, completely exhausted, onto his lover's shoulder.
-Characters opinions/views on sexuality/orientation/trauma etc are their own. If they say something dismissive or ignorant, don't assume I agree with them.
The detective had stopped what he'd been doing and was now just staring fixedly down at the table with a blank expression on his face. Finally, he drew in a deep breath and sighed, rubbing at his eyes with his fingers. "I know. I'm- I don't want to shut you out." A pause. "I'm sorry."
His words, spoken directly to Lestrade, lead to an unspoken exchange between the two; John forgave him for not sticking up for Sherlock earlier on the case.
The detectives let them visit Amanda by themselves. John had actually faltered at the door, unsure if he was welcomed in, but the girl on the bed saw them both and opened a smile.
He tapped his foot against the wooden boards of the floor. And then he did it again. And one more time.
He placed his hand behind Sherlock's knee and angled his leg up just a bit, allowing himself to reach even deeper. The accompanying gasp that came from his lover sounded very encouraging. He didn't last another couple strokes and then he was spilling himself deep inside his partner for the first time.
When came the rings, Sherlock actually thought he imagined Mycroft blinking rapidly with suspiciously reddened eyes. John's was slid into place smoothly, but Sherlock's not as much.
Most of the time, Sherlock wasn't able to communicate it when he got cold, or when he wanted to go back inside, or when he was in pain. So John had to watch closely for any cue of discomfort. Usually, he'd bundle him up pretty heavily before they went outside; the detective had no body fat to speak of, and he was constantly shivering.
"Fine, Graham, then get rid of all your watch dogs, and I'll watch the video on my own." Sherlock said, then.
On the screen, there was a room very much like the one at the farm house. It was spacious and mostly empty aside from the dirty mattress on the floor, a bowl and chains. Unlike the farm house's, this room was occupied.
She was crouching over something, and he heard her gasp as she pulled her hand back "It's alive" she said, clearly surprised.
John seemed to melt afterwards, his hand lazily tracing patterns over the sensitive skin of his spent cock as he tried to even out his breathing again.
away from him. John was the first person he'd ever kissed outside of a case and he cherished it immensely.
They slept on the same bed every night, arms wrapped around each other, hands running through hair, loving kisses shared between smiles. Sherlock's stomach healed and his newfound ability to maneuver had him often draped over John as the doctor slowly ran his fingers up and down his back.
Murmuring to himself continuously, he kept his pacing and his thinking, his fingers splayed up and almost vibrating against the others as he tapped them together. John was glad Lestrade was paying his lover no mind, because it was pretty easy to spot the empty fingers in the gloves, like this.
At some point, one of the man's minions had arrived with a suitcase full of John's things – he didn't bother asking about that either – and a bag of takeout – John hadn't even known Mycroft ate takeout.
They spent the next half hour chatting; well, Amanda talked, Sherlock listened, and John stared at him like he was falling in love all over again. It was rare to see Sherlock being so openly empathetic to another human being.
Sherlock was staring at it intently. And then he was looking up at John with an expression of amazement that he couldn't conceal – not even in front of Mycroft.
He fell onto his knees, and tried to enjoy the fact that at least he was getting somewhat cleaned after the whole ordeal.
There was silence on the other side of the line and then Lestrade responded "Alright, alright. I'll get us a room, just the three of us then."
His expression must have shown something, because as soon as John recovered from his orgasm, he tensed and sat up on the couch.
"That's exactly what I don't want." The detective replied matter-of-factly, shaking his head "If I have to worry the whole time about whether or not I'm hurting you, or going too fast, or just- I'm not going to get into it."
"I do not know what will become of my brother once he regains conscience, which is why I'm requesting your help with this issue. I believe a familiar face ought to… facilitate matters." He looked away and took a sip of his nearly untouched scotch. "I will of course, compensate you for your time away-"
John's stance softened the rest of the way and he walked the short distance between them to brush his fingers tentatively against his lover's. Their noses bumped together as Sherlock leaned into him, but John pulled him down further and placed a kiss on his forehead. "I'm sorry, too."
He wasn't even one of the bigger ones, nor was he one of the brutal ones. Still, the tears inside Sherlock were made fresh, and when the second man came in a few hours later, the detective was beyond himself with fear.
John laughed a bit nervously "See, this is something even I haven't done before." He said, and it was possibly the best thing he could have said, because Sherlock's face lit up even more.
"Things- I- well. I've-" broken down entirely without you, I let myself go and I couldn't find a way out, the world lost its color and life lost its meaning and there were some days I couldn't get myself out of bed "been working. I ahm, got a job at another surgery and, ahm, yeah."
Sherlock shook his head immediately. And it was the first time he realized how much being clothed during these exchanges made him feel good; it made him feel like he was John's equal, even if that made no sense at all.
Sherlock closed his eyes momentarily. Somewhere in the Yard's bowels now lay a video of him taking gloves off his mutilated hands and telling a kidnapped rape victim that
"It's in my back pocket." He told her clearly "I'm going to reach for it, and then I'll kick it over to you." he narrated, shifting a bit so she could see he wasn't hiding a gun.
John nodded and his breathing seemed to grow very loud to his own ears. He watched almost transfixed as Sherlock got off him and sat on the floor by the couch, his feet tucked beneath him.
The staff often had to explain to him, again and again, that he was in England, in a hospital, and that Mycroft had brought him home, but he would ask it almost every time he opened his eyes.
He felt the wall blindly for a light switch and when he found it, he had to squint as the room came to life before him.
"I just…" John didn't even know what he meant to say anymore, because he was frowning at the detective's expression.
It had hardly been his plan to get captured in Serbia, but in the end it worked out as it allowed him to access the group's computer and contact Mycroft through secure channels. And by secure channels he meant that someone was now on route, possibly by foot, to personally deliver a handwritten note across the border. He couldn't know how long it would take for them to get his encrypted coordinates to his brother, but it had been ten days, now. If he was feeling rather optimistic, he estimated a month.
After that first case, Sherlock seemed to stand taller and prouder. His successful attempts at being a detective coupled with his successful attempt at a sexual encounter left him full of confidence.
A nurse walked in at that moment, not knocking, never knocking, and bringing a tray of medical supplies with her. "How are you feeling today, Mr. Holmes?" she greeted cordially as she placed her tray on the side table with efficiency; they all knew the drill by now.
There were another three officers in the room aside from himself and Donavan. It was enough people that the small place felt crowded, especially when they were all standing around the computer screen. Sherlock was the one invited to seat in front of it, however.
Donovan cleared her throat "Right, well, that's what I had to say, so." And then she gestured vaguely towards the hospital, before starting to make her way to the doors.
He put the metal box down on the table and brought his hands up to cradle his lover's face before kissing him. It wasn't a chaste kiss, either; it was hungry and opened mouthed and full of tongue.
There were a couple more cases, each riskier than the previous. And when they'd come home from solving it, it was to a fit of giggles, dinner and their one-way version of sex.
It was late at night; John was sat in his comfy armchair reading a medical journal when stirring from the bed made him look up.
With so many hands holding him down and open, there was not much he could do but take it. Some part of him that still cared whispered very softly that, once, he had hoped his first sexual experience would have been with John- well. Most of him didn't care, not anymore.
He was left trembling as the young man walked away, and the overwhelming smell of alcohol made it impossible for him to sleep.
"Not much" he answered simply; he knew Sherlock wasn't asking about Moriarty. "I told him that you were away in Serbia, and why. Anything he may know about your time there he has extrapolated from seeing your current physical state. I did not give him access to your medical files."
"Lestrade" Sherlock raised his mug at him in a mock greeting, but took a seat on his chair, completely unwilling to participate.
He wasn't sure when the tables turned, but maybe it was when the lube heated up because every movement became easier than the previous. He found that when he moved in a somewhat circular pattern, he could feel a brush to his prostate and after that he let himself go completely.
The British official had been nearly in his personal space, but had backed off now and stood in a more relaxed stance.
There was nothing but their heavy breathing for a while, and then it was the consulting detective who moved first. He leaned forward the tiniest bit, their foreheads bumping together for a moment before he captured John's lips with his own. This time, their mouths opened experimentally, tongues finding each other and making contact for the first time.
John was blinking rapidly again, and this time he closed his eyes as he nodded. He wondered if any of this would ever start hurting less.
"I don't care. I'll do it." John said quickly, because he'd sooner turn into a beggar on the streets than turn his back on Sherlock Holmes and if that wasn't the most absolute of truths, his name was not John Watson.
"Ah… some. I need to analyze water samples. Going to Barts." He told him and got up from his stool like the conversation was over.
Sherlock was grinning into the kiss and it was perfect. They stumbled their way inside the flat, leaving their coats behind on the hook, but never quite untangling from each other.
When they made it past the threshold of the door, the two agents stepped aside to let them through even as one of them spoke into his radio almost immediately after – probably updating the rest of the team as to where their charges were.
And while dead men didn't talk, the ones in the picture would. John wasn't blind, regardless what Sherlock had said on numerous occasions, and he would understand what the pictures meant.
Mycroft had brought him a very warm and cozy dressing gown, and John would always make sure to dress him in it, while also laying a couple of blankets over his lap for good measure.
John let out a disbelieving huff again. He tried to ignore the memories of when Sherlock did the exact same thing- order him around like he couldn't get his own damn coffee, like he couldn't text from his own damn phone, like he expected John to do everything for him, like-
He should have deduced it, from the boy's eagerness to his dark pupils to his quickened pulse, but he only realized what the plan was when his captor started undoing his trousers.
John's sigh of defeat matched his and the army doctor ran a frustrated hand across his face, the other arm falling to his side. "I know." He half murmured, half bit out. "I just- I meant what I said. I meant what I said and I don't want you to doubt that." He explained; closing his eyes and whishing he could will his erection away. "I try to… keep it out of the way, but I can't exactly… control it." He gestured vaguely downwards, shifting uncomfortably on the sofa.
"Jesus Christ" Greg murmured under his breath, similar noises echoed by the other people in the room.
"No!" Sherlock replied immediately and too emphatically "I mean no- no, I didn't not want you to go. I wanted you to go- to come. You can come to Barts." Jesus.
But Sherlock pretended not to see the question in his eyes- as though the consulting detective would ever miss something so blatant. He couldn't bring himself to answer- he hadn't rationalized it yet. All he knew was that, for now, the memories brought him an intense feeling of shame and he didn't know what to do with it.
"That's it, love, that's it" he murmured against Sherlock's lips, bumping their noses together and stealing a couple of kisses.
"John, mate," Lestrade said again, and it was a mixture of pleading and exasperation. "Sherlock?" He turned to plead to the man himself when his blogger didn't seem terribly inclined to let them in.
He waited exactly three minutes after John had left the flat and then he jumped out of his seat and snatched his phone from the coffee table.
John couldn't even contain the startled, joyful, almost choked laugh that left him. His chest was expanding and moving in quick bursts with his breaths as he stared at Sherlock through slightly teary eyes. He laughed again, a full, beautiful thing and then he was nodding and shaking his head and laughing some more and wiping moisture from his eyes.
"Amanda" Sherlock nudged, after a couple of minutes had passed. "Scotland Yard is already here, they came with me. But if you don't let me talk to them, they're not going to get to us."
He had to sit with him for ten minutes, trying to calm him back down and get his breathing back on track. "I'm sorry I left. I just went to get your water, is all. You're alright now, ok? I'm sorry."
