"Mr Holmes?" Gregson called, obviously waiting on an answer.
John-
“Listen to that mouth on you.” John laughed happily. “Simply amazing.”
“No.”
“Your room?” Sherlock was certain, but his body trembled as he spoke, a shiver of anticipation running through him. John tipped up, ghosting his lips along until they reached his ear and lipped at the lobe delicately, tickling his face with the soft facial hair.
Molly was cut off by a single pale hand raising into the air.
He looked back up to meet John’s eyes. “My vision is still, not quite right.”
Mr Gregson called the class to order then, and I turned to listen. I was in disbelief that I'd just explained all of this to someone I thought might have hated me just a few days ago. Maybe I was going a bit barmy with the weather. I knew I wasn’t; that this had everything to do with his voice and those eye. He'd seemed engrossed in our conversation, but now I could see, from the corner of my eye, that he was leaning away from me again, his hands gripping the edge of the table with unmistakable tension.
He could feel his testicles settling not quite right and a dull ache start up in his thigh and he moaned in frustration.
, just as had been the issue with Ms. Adler at their first meeting.
He hung up his gun belt and stepped out of his boots as I got out plates and started the kettle. As far as I was aware, he'd never shot the gun on the job. But he kept it ready.
“Plenty! At least fifty!”
"So that's, good." I insisted.
He closed his eyes, as they weren’t giving him any better information than what he had just gathered, and tried to breathe. Ribs. Broken... possibly total of three; more than likely four. Other bones intact, but leg compromised muscularly in some capacity. Allowing his mind to sweep further he found that his thigh itched terribly, but when he went to lightly rub at it, he realised it was bandaged. Broken then. Reconstructed in some capacity. Revised opinion: Very Bad Accident. But the rest of his body was mostly in tact? Sherlock realised that his head felt ‘sensitive’, as if the follicles hadn’t been disturbed- oh. Head injury as well. Could explain the eye sight as well. He hoped not, it would be a terrible inconvenience to have to go have surgery just to correct the issue, if it were correctable.
“221 Baker. My home in London, if you like. I do need to go there at some point, and I’ve grown accustomed to having you... around.”
“Isn't that a Z140? Alleviated titanium... neuro charged assault model?” John chuckled to himself. “You know, you
Sherlock conjured up the doctor’s steady hands; the way John might pet him as he dilated himself open for John. Would he enjoy watching Sherlock? Tell him to spread more, possibly lean forward on a hand? Lay back and let John press against it as he took Sherlock’s mouth in a melting kiss? His body was shaking, nonsense softly tumbling from his mouth until it was full both physically and emotionally. A curse slipped past his lips as he took time rolling onto his side, then covered up for a moment in his covers. His body quivered as he adjusted to the sensory overload, his cock rock hard.
too much that was certain. He groaned as he felt John’s deft stubby fingers slip further in. Just his skin and the water. John was whispering to him, but his body was buzzing. Sherlock was blissed out. The only things of import were the filthiness of John’s knowledgeable hand and the air in his lungs. Even the air was becoming secondary. The steam clung to them both as John ran his beard where he could along Sherlock’s chest still murmuring to him in a language he couldn’t
"Yes," The words rushed out as he began to tip forward, John's fingers pinching gently at his sensitive nipples. "Yes, yes."
“He’s quite... exceptional, sir.”
"They- don't like anybody, well, they don't notice anybody enough to like them- But he's still staring at you. Maybe, well." Her voice dropped a bit and she leaned closer. “Maybe it’s, um, he fancies you. A bit?”
"I know this is a little late, but this is alright, yes?"
“Love you too Major, but you haven’t called me that since basic.” His friend’s warm chuckle made John smile. So fucking glad they had made it through... his thoughts were brought back by the deep snicker in his ear. “... so found someone to keep you warm then?”
“Coats then, come on.” John rubbed his back gently. “There’s a lad.”
"I didn't have any trouble with it," I said, stung by his assumption. "I've done the lab before, though," I added before he could get his feelings hurt.
"Well, I have a few classes with a girl named Molly. I sit with her friends at lunch. And there's this boy, Mike, who's very friendly. Everybody seems pretty nice."
Version: Manic Street Preachers
Icy, is what humans called it.
“Oh, thank god.” The exhale and catch of breath was loud in the quiet room. “I was so worried, the chances of you... I’m glad you’re back. All the way.”
"O-oh. So it's- blokes then?" John had lowered his voice as he turned and took his small towel and dried his face and hands. His cheeks were a little more coloured than Sherlock had expected, but there was no wariness telegraphed in John's movements. "Which is fine, just so you, well, it's all fine here. With me."
"No, I like them-"
"Umm... Sherlock pulled me out of the way."
Sally pulled on my arm.
“John, I’m going to get my father,” I felt ridiculous as they prepped to unload me, Sherlock scooting in the back to speak to me. "He's the best here."
Sally Donovan, Head Nurse, worked hard for her position. Raised by both parents in solidly middle-class home, two siblings. She is the oldest child. Proud. Not looking too ever have children, but enjoys the company of men within monogamous boundaries. Career driven. Has potential.
“Raised to understand other world’s customs, but no, I do not practice any religion. Though we will have to have a reading about Saint Nicholas on Christmas eve, maybe some eggnog and peppermint bark.”
I swallowed hard, deciding to ignore the heat of his breath against my skin. "Your room? I would hope-"
. Idiots. “That button there... just... press it.”
“You need to be more clear, darling.” He was stroking Sherlock languorously, his other hand busy with tracing light patterns on Sherlock’s skin. “Are you asking if my bedside is stocked? If I’ve had time to unpack my lube and condoms?”
John’s hand came to rest on his. “I’ll help you, you know.”
“Three, please.”
“Greg? It’s Molly. No, everything is fine. I was just um...hoping we could maybe meet up a little later, or you could stop by the morgue? I was hoping you could give me a few pointers on how to um..well, break something to Sherlock. Coffee?  Great thanks! See you then.” Molly moved the phone to the desk, moaning and planting her face in her hands. It was going to be an interesting chat.
"I'm completely fine, Dad," I looked to him, then over his shoulder at Sherlock. "He was with me-" I had to close my eyes then as the world spun topsy-turvey. I tried to think of a logical solution that could explain what I had just experienced; closing my eyes against the pain of a cracking good headache and now nausea full-on, my mind unhelpfully supplied the memory of Sherlock’s cold hand against my face. I’d almost kill for it now.
With his parting words, My'crof cut the communication, not giving Sh'loc the ability to retort. It was not Sh'loc's fault that his emotions were so close to the surface; it was the unresolved. What he could not meditate through. Even now, he allowed it to colour his thoughts and heighten his emotions even as his mind cautioned him towards restraint. He looked again to the ceiling. Remorse, want, anger, greed; a kaleidoscopic mix filtered through him that would not ebb.
I was appalled. "You told Mum!"
“Go sit on the bed.” The doctor moved to the wardrobe and toed off his shoes and then unbuttoned his cardigan, hanging it against the chair closest to him before walking the few steps back to Sherlock. “It’s alright to be nervous. Let me take care of you, love.” His stable hands slowly unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt. “Why don’t you put your hands where you would like them on me. It’s alright.”
“I am certain I may be able to provide an answer, John, if you would actually ask whatever it is.”
“I do not wish to-”
They made it to the corridor before Sherlock realised there might be something off. Not in a very glaring way, but enough to brush at the edges of his perception. A patient seemingly waiting in to corridor to their right that just watched him be wheeled past without breaking his gaze, an almost amazed look on the man’s face. A woman that was at a nursing station that looked emaciated almost. Grey. Odd. Out of place. His observations had to be off. The morphine perhaps or the (something) they gave him to help with transport home as his body still railed against movement. He was reassured when he couldn’t figure what John had had to eat or if he indeed had finished reading his latest pulp fiction in the last forty-eight hours.
“Everyone, sir. Everyone.” He laughed, a harsh-sounding, half-strangled thing. “I think maybe it was a kindness, at first. To teach me to distance myself, but then the other children rapidly proved the words true... especially most recently. Adults too. It doesn’t matter... none of this matters-” Sherlock knew he was breaking down, he must have been exhausted and now John; his emotions were welling up higher than he liked. “Only the Work matters.”
I woke up, slightly startled, then cursing my head; it was now obviously the middle of the night. My lips felt cool, and I giggled at the memory of the dream. Kissing Sherlock. I was elated, full of hope, even though I was certain it would never move beyond this.  After that, he was in my dreams nearly every night.
“No, Sherlock. None of that is true. You are... handsome. Educated. Very clever. I bet you even play an instrument or five, possibly compose because you like the beauty in the mathematics or something... Point is, your heart is what sets you on fire. What moves you. That brilliant brain? Just an extension, but not the sum.”
He watched John carefully, a few simple hidden glances as he spoke. He'd not yet come this far in discussion of his sexuality as it was no one's right to know other than his own; yet, he felt as if being honest with John was important.
“Practically spot on, actually. I did leave my military career, but chose fairly quickly not to marry. To used to being a bachelor and other reasons I am sure you were too polite to mention when you were... doing what you did. Are you sure I couldn’t persuade you into a career in medicine?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"That name, it's dreadful." He spoke as he pulled on his drab coloured coat and then looked to his arms before his irritation rose and he yanked it off once again in favor for the polished cotton Polynesian printed shirt that hung on the metal post at the end of the bed. "Might as well call me Prick, as it is, instead of hiding your opinion behind yet another Americanism. They are ruining the language, thieving magpies!"
“Do you have lube, sir? I’d like-”
John took the opening and brought their teas over to the sitting area, handing Sherlock his before seating himself. God, this wasn’t a date, why did he feel so... keyed up?
No. Not really, but everything would be fine as long as I was still breathing.
“I’m just a bit nervous, about them realizing what I’ve done. I mean, what if people recognize them?” Molly fidgeted, brushing her skirt down. The man in the chair just chuckled.
"No, I'm not going," I assured her. "And my heat will be okay. Was just a flutter anyway."
“Don’t pine over the two-timing ex-wife, Major... forget her. There are millions of women out there.”
“Dinner with someone you are interested with, compounded by the fact that they are not only younger than you, but that they are as mutually attracted to you, and against their own logic enamored is both amusing and ‘sweet’. The fact that I have little experience in the realm of the bedroom has also added a small amount of scintillation. ‘Deflowering’ and wooing me... I cannot say that I am impervious to your methods, John, nor do I wish to be.”
"Yes, sir. I'll go to school and pick up our assignments, meet you at your home?
Thank you all for reading and I am so happy that so many of you have enjoyed this little romp on the saccharine side!
“Simple observation.”
“Shut it you or I’m taking pictures.”
His stomach did a flip at the thought of wearing it through dinner and only him knowing. Sherlock was nervous in a peripheral way, he knew he wouldn’t damage himself, but he had to keep his thoughts racing; amping himself up. Surprising John... yes, that was a good thought to follow. Would he enjoy the fact that Sherlock had tried for him? He sat on his bed then kneeled and flicked open the lube, re-inserting his fingers. It felt tighter out of the water and he breathed through it, his cock leaking against the towel.
"Before what? I don't understand." I hoped that he wasn't saying no to whatever this was between us. It was palatable. Weighty. As if I were in water but not drowning. "I've not, offended you, have I?"
really hurt someone with this thing, good thing it’s not loaded.” He pointed at the little bright yellow button that just screamed
It was absolutely silent for one long second before the screaming began. I was sure that everyone had their mobiles out or were running toward the administration building for help. It was bedlam. But more clearly than all the yelling, all the noise, I could hear Sherlock Holmes' low, frantic voice in my ear.
Also, about the boys and their play: Yes, John is choosing to not use a condom. Yes, Sherlock is allowing that. This is also fanfiction.
I looked at the little cotton fluffs that were building up along the sidewalk and swirling erratically past my face.
The man came back through the arched doorway with a slightly larger tray with tea, two cups and saucers and more of the chocolate-covered biscuits. “Flat then? You don’t look homeless-”
“I never guess.”
John sat and sipped at his tea, listened to his friend. How odd it seemed to induct a ‘rite’, then again, every planet was different where customs were concerned. Just look at Earth.  “Isn't there an arbiter you could use if that were the case, or would you need to go home to dissolve the engagement?”
They sipped the wine and enjoyed their first course, but by the main, Sherlock had visibly shifted a few times. John had noticed. The plug was stimulating him, and while keeping the pleasant feeling low in his stomach, it had begun to make him a little ill and uncomfortable. He politely excused himself, promising to only be a moment. Sherlock blushed, inwardly cursing the fact he couldn’t ignore the discomfort, and went into the men’s. His hands trembled slightly as he settled his palms on the cool marble counter. He could do this. They had, in all probability, another forty-eight minutes; it would be fine. A few deep breaths and the nausea should pass. No need to ruin the surprise.
Sh'loc turned and stared blankly at the screen then, trying to check what was welling within. "You have no right to ask, My'crof. You may be my eldest brother, but you are not yet head of our family-"
“No.” Now this had Sherlock’s full attention. “Just wore myself down.”
“Well alright, but John, just know it’s... whomever you want to date-”
"Yes, you did. We did." His smile was soft. Unguarded. "Was it alright?"
"Oh, hell." John muttered curse came freely from him before he had had a chance to leave his bed. He opened the door at the second set of raps against his door. They were quiet, but the emotions he could feel were far from it. A snarl with a thread of fear running throughout. "Alright?"
and I replied 'oh why ask me?'
His eyes turned impossibly dark. "Please, John."
"I was just wondering... if you were going to ask me to the dance?"
Thousands of cells formed in the heart of the generator, an assemblage of DNA elements. The cellular bath begins to move, beginning an imprint of a very human looking body. A very tall one at that. As the bones re-construct, the scientist was in awe as to how perfectly balanced they seemed; then the nervous and muscular systems were overlayed by the threaders. The very male body reconstructed quickly right before their eyes.
At that precise moment, his eyes flashed over to meet mine. He didn't look harsh or unfriendly as he had the last time I'd seen him. He looked merely curious again, unsatisfied in some way.
"Bloody hell-"
“Another way? I do not see another option in this case. I do hope that I may be able to dissolve what is there as soon as this visit is over,  it was beneficial for a time to remain ‘engaged’. Children of Vulcan rarely confide  in one another until after the bonding is completed, but Ir’ene and I- we both agreed that for a time it would be agreeable. Even if we had been married,” Sherlock stopped his words to breathe deeply. “but I digress. Little is known as of this moment.”
, what one could consider pretty even though her eyes and the set of her mouth told of hardships she had seen. The clothing though, the dress with
I noticed, everyday, that he hadn’t been back yet, but that his family seemed to be acting... well there normal... so maybe he was just away. Not transferred or sick. Where would he transfer too anyway? This wasn’t Sydney. At lunches, the chatter around the table was for the trip to the coast that Mike was trying to put together to Aldeburgh in a couple of weeks. It sounded interesting at least. The music festival was supposed to be a big deal and even Molly seemed to chime in about it. The beach would be warmish, but the water would be cold. I wondered if people even swam in the water there.
"But it's cold," I complained. It surprised me when he chuckled under his breath. There was an edge to the sound.
"Well..." He swallowed and wiped his hands on his trousers as he spoke. "I told her I had to think about it."
“Legs up, darling. Shhh. Can you do that? Just over my shoulders?”
"Why not?" Philip was genuinely curious now. "Come stag!"
Our hands wandered slowly, as we backed up against the large scrolled arm couch. It held about a hundred pillows of various sizes, but my god, did if form my body to his when he laid on top of me. Still clothed, this felt just this side of right. Not too much, but certainly edging the line. Sherlock seemed to sense that and laughed softly, breaking our kissing, but not moving otherwise.
“Yes, my intellect would go to rubbish and I’d not be worth anythi-”
“I’m... fine. Just foolish.” He was not embarrassed. No. He was upset with himself.
It wasn’t as if he were really missing anything anyway.
“Oh Molly, my hero, divine goddess. Oh, when Sherlock hears!”
“Yes,” John slowed, held him close. “If you like.”
When the exercise was over, I tried my best not to limp back towards the our changing rooms. I quickly dressed back into my uniform, navy trousers, white shirt. jacket, dark blue tie as I hadn’t gotten my house assignment yet. I found myself hoping Ii was with Mike. He was talkative and friendly. It was nice. He also had stated he wanted to go go for some sort of medical career. I have always known I wanted to be a doctor, too, so it would be nice to have someone to revise with when the time comes.
Philip interrupted us then; he was planning an epic battle of the blizzard in the parking lot after school and wanted us to join. Sally agreed enthusiastically, baring her teeth and hitting him on his arm. The way Molly looked at Mike left little doubt that she would be up for anything he suggested. It was on. For the rest of the lunch hour, I very carefully kept my eyes at my own table. I tried to chat with Mary about the upcoming theatre performance she was in. Glared at Mike with false-gruffness when he tried to goad me into the slush-fest later now that I was looking better.
“You sure I can’t talk you into a career in the medical field?”
My mind was spinning with confusion. Had I made up the whole thing? He was perfectly polite now. I had to speak; he was waiting. But I couldn't think of anything conventional to say.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John searched his face, his eyes moving quickly. “You can’t believe that. You, as a person, are important. All of you.”
My first weekend in Framlingham passed without incident. Greg, unused to spending time in the usually empty house, worked most of the weekend. I used the time to organise the kitchen and go to the bookstore to find something to read beyond the few books I had brought with me. I missed my bookcase back home. I wondered about making a trip into a larger town for better clothing options too. At least with uniforms, I didn’t have to worry about impressing anyone at school with the way I was dressed.
He answered, impassively as possible. "Yes, my brother, how is the family?"
Unfeeling.
It was bliss.
"They went hiking early this morning." She smiled sweetly towards me. "With the weather better than it has been they wanted an early start on the chance it turned by afternoon, they should be home by evening." Mr Holmes joined her across the kitchen and then whispered something in her ear. Her smile brightened. "We'll leave you two to your own devices, we'll just be up in the study. Mycroft and I have already had something; bit of a late lunch. Be good children."
“Slight blurring, haloing. Sometimes.” He could see the gentle emanation of colour around John. “You look as if your edges have been dipped in sunlight or honey.”
John and... someone else? He couldn’t make out who though he assumed masculine so Lestrade or... well it might be feminine just very hushed so Molly. If it were Mycroft or Mrs. Hudson, they would be in the room talking amongst themselves. There was a reason he was alone. News then, possibly a doctor? But then why in the hall and not here by his bedside. If only he could
"It's fine," I repeated with a sigh, throwing a quick scowl toward Sherlock who promptly laughed this time.
There was a flurry of activity around us now. I tried to get up, but Sherlock's hand pushed my shoulder down even as he grimaced and swallowed hard. "Just stay put for now."
“Daddydaddy, oh John- Please!” he cried as his orgasm slammed into him like a brick wall. It was all light and not air and it was wonderful and nothing else in the universe mattered but them. This. Now. It was amazing. John sucked him through it, then beyond, causing aftershocks to run through his veins like wildfire. It was blinding.
"Hey, Dad, in the kitchen."
"I'll be a modest bride, I promise. Just champagne and lilies of the valley for me; can even borrow a dress from Klinger. Pity we aren't the same shoe size, you'd like me in heels I think."
“Oh,” Is what came out of John’s mouth. “Um, I’ll make us some of your tea, then?”
“Thank you, Anthea.” Mycroft clicked off the intercom, and steepled his fingers under his chin as he turned back to the window.
"Some of the people in this town," he muttered. "Dr Holmes is a brilliant surgeon who could probably work in any hospital in the world, make ten times the salary he gets here," he continued a serious expression on his face. "We're lucky to have him. Lucky that his wife, Anthea, wanted to live in a small town. He's an asset to the community, and all of those kids are well behaved and polite. And they stick together the way a family should. Camping trips every other weekend... Just because they weren’t born here, people have to talk."
“What did I miss?”
“John, please. I’m... I just need a moment is all.” Sherlock wanted to look up, to meet John’s eyes in the mirror, but he couldn’t bring himself to. “I have never wanted to please someone before, not once since I was a small child. I found myself
I looked up. He was sitting as far away from me as the desk allowed, but his chair was angled toward me. His dazzling face was friendly, open, a slight smile on his flawless lips. But his eyes were careful.
"It will be really fun." Her attempt to convince me was kind. "You know we're all going. Should drag your arse there anyway. What about Mary?"
I giggled then, full of what I only assumed was joy. It was new. All of it was.
“Yes, here I am, with provisions.” Sh’loc ignored the residual warmth in his stomach and put his things on the counter handing the kimchi and then the silver cylinder to John. “Happy Festivities.”
Sherlock was visibly trembling, something that had John's instincts on high. "I will be fine. I am sorry for disturbing you this early in the morning."
"Do you mind if I look?" he asked as I began to remove the slide. His hand caught mine, to stop me, as he asked. His fingers were ice-cold, like he'd been holding them in a snowdrift before class. When he touched me, it stung my hand as if an electric current had passed through us.
"Oh, John, do you say that to all your bunkmates? Whatever will people say?" Sherlock wry smile flicked across his tired face as he childishly rolled his eyes. "How do they expect us to do this, at this level, with the intense care necessary? And what is this about a crew coming to film?"
I tried to ignore him.
They were laughing. Sherlock, William, and George all had their hair entirely saturated with melting snow. Talia and Quinn were leaning away as George shook his dripping hair toward them. They were enjoying the snowy day, just like everyone else. Maybe I was overreacting. Maybe he had been sick and was just angry about it? I know I can take things personally. Everyone can have a misunderstanding, right?.
As the drums ceased and the single flute began, Sh’loc himself started pulling himself out of the meditative trance that the forms had brought to him. He felt much more centered. Better aligned and in understanding of his feelings towards his friend. It no longer troubled him, that what he possessed for John ran very deep. So deep in fact, he had almost not registered it. What a shame that would have been.  As Sh’loc became more aware, he realised he was not alone, but the feel of the air was familiar.
“Me?”
“No these are not stripper attire. Yes, they are posh, so let’s get himself all tucked in and arse covered, shall we.” The tease was pushing Sherlock to smile in spite of his mood. “Good, now roll to your left so I can... there!”
When he sat next to me in class, as far from me as the table would allow, he seemed totally unaware of my presence. Only now and then, when his fists would suddenly ball up — skin stretched even whiter over the bones — did I wonder if he wasn't quite as oblivious as he appeared. I wanted very much to talk to him, and the day after the accident I tried. The last time I'd seen him, outside the ER, we'd parted ways amicably, with a little flirting if I was understanding the signals. Maybe I'd crossed them all; had gotten it wrong. I couldn't get myself to believe that though.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in a childish manner at the comment, it was enough that he had to live in this hellish place, did the people have to be so shallow? So one-dimensional? Boorish. It wasn’t as if they hadn’t just been up on their feet for fourteen hours straight, up to his elbows in some instances in the bodies of men younger than him. They were still covered in gore from the operating theatre, and here, the acridic tit was already backbiting him as they pulled off their surgical attire.
"I'm fine." My voice sounded strange. I tried to sit up, and realized he was holding me against the side of his body in an iron grasp.
He laughed a soft, enchanting laugh.
He gave us a rueful smile. "I know when a son is trying to shoo his old da away to sneaky kiss. Not like I've not done it myself, mind. Goodnight, Sherlock."
"What are you staring at?" Mary sniffed, her eyes following my stare.
They both laughed quietly. “Let me know if you feel that way again; overwhelmed.”
“Yes, Sherlock it would.” At least he could be prepared if something happened if they were training together. “So, Kimchi?”
So much weight in such a simple word.
Sherlock gripped at the covers and begged with his body for more. Slicking his fingers, John curled them towards his palm. He murmured praise quietly as he grazed the pinked hole with his knuckles. The tip of John’s uncurled finger probed once again. Sherlock was cracking with need and apprehension; it was heady. He wriggled his hips impatiently with pent up need, then coughed out a strangled cry as John dipped, taking his cock gently into his mouth. A single finger became two as the doctor slowly invaded his body.
IF THINGS BREAK OFF/GET SUCKED INTO YOUR BODY: Get to a doctor as soon as possible. PLEASE. This is very serious.
It was overwhelming. So much care. “Daddy-”
As the tub filled, his thoughts were brought to that night. How much he had enjoyed the night previous, waking early to find John already in the kitchen preparing tea for them both. It was nice, familiar in a strange way. Something he was not used to, but had been pleasantly surprised to feel cared for by someone who was not his parents.
My mind was buzzing and I was almost sick with it. All I could hear was my step-father's voice, then Mary's. I couldn't breathe, but I refused to let go.
"If John has said yes, then of course. We aren't Victorians and you aren't in danger around here, not with your dad being who he is and me being the D.I. round these parts."
“More like he makes eyes at you, feathers your hair when he thinks no one is paying attention... and you?”
“Come... home?” He tilted his head and stared at her. “Home from where?”
“You’re welcome.” He sipped at the coffee wincing. God he needed to switch back to tea. This grind was utter shit. Bitter. This payday he’d do it. As he finished his coffee, he switched on the wall mounted telly to keep the cat company. “Don’t watch all day, yea? It’ll rot that pretty little head of yours.” He scratched between her ears then moved to leave, opening the door, a quiet sush of mechanical levers opening the portal to the hall beyond.
John removed his thumb and gently soothed with soft strokes against his thigh and stopped stroking. “Shhh, shhh, baby. Breathe. Knees up, heels against your plush bottom. Now.”
"Well, tea then?" Sherlock had that same smile once again, one that I hoped I would see more often as he loaded a large silver tray with the teapot, two cups and various treats from the small assortment. "We can take it to my room. They won't mind. Young love, all that. My parents are not only sentimentalists but romantics at heart. I'd not understood the reasoning behind it until recently."
It doesn't hurt when it begins
He shrugged, and looked away.
Sherlock was waiting beside my car, looking straight forward, his lips pressed together. If looks to kill, I think we'd all be covered in blood spatter. I yanked the door open and jumped inside, slamming it as Sherlock folded himself into the passenger side and calmly closed it. His car was obviously still parked in the same spot as it had been this morning when he had arrived.
. You slept very well, it seemed. All snug against me.” John’s voice was a bit rough with the dregs of sleep that still clung to it. “I had forgotten how wonderful this could be. A lazy morning... lover in your arms. Pliant and still relaxed from sleep.” His cock brushed again, this time with more insistence, just barely penetrating Sherlock before slipping away. “Hmm... that’s lovely. May I, love?”
“Is there?” He smiled kindly now and poured for them. “Sugar?”
“That’s it, darling. Daddy has you.” Sherlock could hear the soft laugh and knew it wasn’t out of spite. No, it was like honey. Sweet sounding. He wanted John to do it again. “Do you like that, calling me ‘daddy’?”
, was most certainly not modern hospital attire. Now that Sherlock looked her over he realised that she reminded him of some something or the other... it was just there. And he could not
"That's a very good question," he muttered, so quietly that I wondered if he was talking to himself.
.” Between John stroking him and just that bit of pressure he felt hazy and electric all at once. “Please, please-”
Sherlock could not refute it; as much as it rankled him, Geraldine was correct. “That transparent are we?”
I sent that, and began again.
https://youtu.be/oVL2u9FX4v4
There may be another chapter to finish this out as the three-parter I envisioned.
“Simple, really. Your bearing, the tan lines at your collar and wrists, the difference of the silvered-sandy hair just beginning to darken to the same shade as your beard.” Sherlock dipped his chin towards his chest and looked up biting his lip before he continued. “Your hands. You are also ambidextrous, but you’re left dominant. It’s all about observation. I’m sure you understand.”
"Speaking again are we?" I finally asked, an unintentional hint of resignation filling the words.
“Masturbation and self exploration are wonderful.” John raised his hand and pushed the curls away from Sherlock’s eyes. “Nothing to be embarrassed about. You know what you like and then can show your lover, too.”
“Excitement. Thrill of the unknown.”
“Ask me properly, love.”
"Now, children.” He stated mildly. “Well, John, your father is in the waiting room. You can go home with him now, but come back if you feel dizzy or have trouble with your eyesight at all."
The last was from this morning.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Darling, let go.” John soothed even as the words were exhaled forcefully. “I can feel it... give it to me. Come for me. In our hands.”
"Possibly not." His fingers were brushing my hair. It was frivolous. "Everyone will be here soon, we should get you sorted."
I kept my voice indifferent. "May I?"
“Back?” He huffed what was supposed to be a laugh. “Where could I have gone? That nurse was in here watching over me... as if I could walk in my current situation?”
We all stood then, and I felt another rush of embarrassment at my reaction, but swiftly shoved it to the side. At least the rest of the family hadn't been in there to witness it.
Everything is great. Of course it's raining. I was waiting for something to write about. I met some nice kids who sit by me at lunch.
“Oh.” The doctor’s face softened even more, turning wistful. “Darling, you have no idea do you?”
What he wouldn’t give to just let his empathy roam free for a moment.
Sh’loc pulled the lightly woven jumper over his long sleeved thermal undershirt and looked himself over in the mirror. John had said casual and absolutely no uniform, even the casual wear one. He had only rolled his eyes when his bunk mate had turned away. He’d already used the downstairs communal kitchen to prepare the Kimchi the night before, so there would only be the preparation of the Bibimbap. Sh’loc gathered his items that he had carefully rinsed and stored the night before and set off, food and wine (which was a surprise for John) in hand.
I sighed and went to the next. It was sent eight hours after the first.
“Adrenalin crashing already, Holmes? Come on, stay with me.” A warm arm wound its way around Sherlock’s neck as he trudged. “I’ll get you a shaken and dirtied and pour you and it into bed, alright? Just a bit further.”
"It's still night until sunrise when on holiday." He tried to make light, but his attention was brought back around to the fact that he was
“Lots to do over the holiday then? You staying?”
My fears were strengthened during lunch when she sat as far from him as possible, chatting animatedly with Mary instead. Philip was unusually quiet through lunch and was still quiet as he walked me to class, but he didn't broach the subject until I was in my seat and he was perched on my desk. I know that Sherlock was there, but I'd also become accustomed to him ignoring me. It was horrible, but I was learning to live with it.
Sherlock cradled my hand in his. It was nothing but electric. I knew what was coming and I welcomed it, tipping up on my toes pressing his lips to mine. His lips were cool, but soft. So very soft I wanted to bite at them and taste them. I pushed forward our chests brushing. It was intoxicating.
He realised he didn’t have words for the feeling. It was so outside of anything he had felt.
The hand stayed still, just warmth and pressure against the sensitive skin. He felt cock twitch beneath John’s fingers and he whimpered. Couldn’t help it. Sherlock brought his hand up to bite it, but it was met with John’s other hand and brought to his lips. Soft small kisses were showered over the doctor’s callused knuckles as John palmed him, gently rubbing at his cock through the thin material. It was driving him mad. His hips rocked into the motion and together, they found a rhythm. A razor’s edge that was pleasurable, but so very much so. Overwhelming, his brain helpfully supplied.
No one seemed concerned about Sherlock, though I explained over and over that he was the hero, he had saved my life after all and risked his own; had nearly been crushed, too. Everyone else always commented that they hadn't even seen him there till the van was pulled away. Sherlock was never surrounded by well wishers or the curious. People avoided him as usual. The Holmes and the Wigging sat at the same table as always, talking only among themselves. None of them, especially Sherlock, glanced my way anymore. It stung at first, but I felt that it was mostly due to his siblings- cousins- family.
Sherlock could hear the genuine concern in his voice. It was odd; but not odd for John obviously. He concerned himself with others, that was obvious; this though had an edge of possessiveness to it that made Sherlock want to blush.
“Yes, sir.” He sat up properly now, his finger shaking out his curls. He had to look sheepish. Innocently caught. Which he was, but Sherlock knew his normal acerbic behavior would not fly with this man.
Sherlock woke to soft short hair caressing his shoulder. Warm lips were trailing a lazy line along his neck then back down towards his nape. The insistent hardness that was gliding along his cleft was not lost on him, he had his own tumescence to see to it seemed. It was rare for him to wake this way, but with John behind him, gently waking him in this manner, how could he not?
“She was here taking vitals while you were out in the hall with my surgeon, then proceeded to make herself at home with
“No, no I don’t; not nearly as well as I’d like to, I think.” He licked at his lips. “I think you feel similar?”
I decided to honor the bargain I'd made with myself. Since Sherlock hadn't looked angry, I would go to Biology. My stomach did little flips at the thought of sitting next to him again. They had nothing to do with the worry I had had days earlier. No, now it was turning on me for a whole new reason. One I wasn't fully sure would be welcomed. I didn't really want to walk to class with Mike as usual, on the off chance I gave my nerves away, but when we went to the door, everyone besides me groaned in unison. It was raining, washing all traces of the snow away in clear, icy ribbons down the side of the walkway. I smiled to myself, secretly pleased. I would be free to go talk to Sherlock without having to skip practice.
His lips twitched, fighting a smile. "A little," he admitted.
He handed it to me; it seemed like he was being careful not to touch my skin again.
“Very good, John. Yes, it was a present from an archaeological dig... oh, after First Contact. My family was one of the delegation that first spent time here.”
He couldn't help but to laugh honestly as John continued their banter. He'd begun stripping his day away and was splashing cold water from the basin onto his face and neck. This ease between them had been immediate which had never occurred in Sherlock's life before this. He chalked it up to a shared gallows humour and the lack of belief in a higher-power to get them out of the Hell they were currently living.
The tease of the slim metal just at the ring of his anus, the soft (warmth) of the water against him made his head swim and his stomach clench tight. Sherlock took a deep breath and relaxed himself against the pressure as the tip slipped in readily.
“No? What do you mean no?”
"Want to go first?" Sherlock asked, breaking my reverie. I looked up to see him smiling a crooked smile so beautiful that I could only stare at him like an idiot. "Or, I could start, if you wish." The smile faded; he looked slightly concerned. Serious.
Captain William Scott Sherlock Homes V, was not pleased at the rise of events that had lead him to a one way ticket to a mobile military hospital. It was true, that his expertise, as well as his lack of compunction would come into play in this forward operating base, he was loathe to be so near the violence of it all. Not the men coming in he would see die, or the vociferousness of their wounds that he would try to mend, no it was the side arm he had been requisitioned that gave him pause. Though willing to do what he could do from an intelligence standpoint, something that exercised his brain as it would go to rot if left to boredom, would almost be re-welcomed into his life at this point. This though, was most certainly not that.
The words washed over him and went straight to his belly, feeding the heat and the butterflies that had been drawn to it. “Sir.”
"He's staring at you," Molly giggled in my ear.
"John? John? Are you all right?"
It was silly to be nervous about it.
“Sherlock, you’re my bunk mate. My friend, too. I hope.” This was hedging towards areas that made John’s pulse quicken just a bit. No, they were friends. No matter the bandy feeling that was currently tying him into a very pretty knot internally. “So, um, your... ears?”
Sh'loc looked up to the roof of his room as he laid on the ornate master bed. Mrs. Hudson had done very well in finishing his home to his specifications, but the new antique, and the proportions of the item were not lost on him. Her human-ness was endearing, even though it had no right to be. She had even procured a second chair to go along side his in his personal parlour. Hope was evident in her thought pattern, even in her tone. She approved of John. He only hoped that it would not break her heart when nothing became of their errant friendship. It was true, he was unattached as arranged marriage for second sons was no longer in fashion, and though some still practiced it to be sure of the lineage of progeny, it would never be his path to follow. Of course his childhood neighbor, Ir’ene, had her eye on him for a very long time. Both were from Noble Houses, both attracted to the same sex. It could have been a marriage of convenience for them both, but as she had stated one night before he had left to go off-world, why settle? They both knew the pull off their emotions were strong; both a force to be reckoned with and yet perfectly cool and logical in their discussions with others.
As I came to myself, Sherlock was glaring daggers at his father who, himself, was wearing a small smile even if Sherlock was being insolent. This was terrible. Embarrassing. How stupid was it for me to go into shock over a bowl hitting the ground. I hope I hadn't ruined tea for everyone, fainting like that. I wasn't some poncy sheltered twat that wilted at- oh. Well, yes blood did affect me, but the bulk of the thought still held merit. I knew I was blushing scarlet but I had to sit up and calm down and not make more of a spectacle than I already had.
"Dad, it’s... we don’t have to-”
Sherlock leaned against the counter as I prepped the veg. "You hate social functions."
I turned to sit up, and this time he let me, releasing his hold around my torso and sliding as far from me as he could in the limited space. I looked at his concerned, innocent expression and was disoriented again by the force of his silver-colored eyes. What was I asking him? I had forgotten. Then I noticed the look on his face as I groaned and pulled my hand away from my scalp. Blood. The earthen iron of it made my stomach roll. Sherlock stiffened, his eyes going wide and- unhinged.
The tray clicking on his roll-away woke him out of the light doze he had fallen into. “Not eating much.”
“John. Back early.” He moved to the pushed aside chair and grabbed the towel and wiped off before quickly drinking down the water he had laid out for himself. “Was shopping for the upcoming holiday not to your liking?”
"Thanks."
He changed the pressure down to very low and ran the side of the wand along Sherlock’s well washed skin. Sherlock moaned, his eyes closed heavily as he shifted his hips out further in acceptance.
“No. No one.” John was rolling his foreskin over the head of his cock now and it was marvelous. “Not even what you are doing now, sir.”
“Where would the travel be to?” John’s eyes had that serious look about them. Interesting.
“You like it sweet then? How do you keep your teeth? Milky too, I bet; in the mornings?”
“Ultra-violet protection in three seconds. Two. One.” The scientist looks over to Lestrade and explains. “This is the crucial phase. The reconstruction of pigment. Cells are bombarded with slightly greasy solar atoms which forces the body cells to react, to protect themselves. That means growing skin. Clever, eh?”
"Do you know the Holmes?" I asked hesitantly.
John.
They laid together for a while just to do so, but eventually Sherlock began to feel sticky and a little used in all the right ways so John led them to his shower. It was largish, given the size of the cottage, but oh-so-very welcome. John twisted the hot, then cold taps adjusting them as the water rained down from the large showerhead. Sherlock reached out for the tubular metal attachment against the cool grey tiled wall.
He tapped at the clear glass trap door in the wall, the cigs he was allowed for the week neatly moving along like good soldiers until he could reach in for todays. Sighing, he patted his body the realised he didn’t have any matches on him. Damn. Wait, the fridge. Maybe he’d stashed a box in there. His phone began ringing as John checked a few other boxes that he had laying around with no luck. John rummaged in a drawer next, his medals and cap rustling around under his fingers.
, lingered in the room. Not enough to convince John of anything. Highly improbable to sway him. Maybe switching topics would be appropriate.
Sh’loc finished with his closing pose and opened his eyes to look upon John just as the music faded, a small up turn to his lips in seeing him there. Watching.
Until he began shrieking with laughter.
“Well, this is going to be... fun.” He frowned heavily figuring out how to dress himself.
“So... do I-” This was all new and Sherlock felt his nerves work against the hot buzz that had built up in the shower. His cock was responding, the light torture of the towel around his hips enough to make him whimper as John arranged the bed and then reclined against them and the headboard. “I don’t-”
"It is," I muttered, then met his gaze. "I think it's growing on me though."
“Sorry, sir.”
Sherlock felt himself pinken and scowled at the blush before collecting himself. “I- thank you?”
“No,” She smiled with a small laugh. “I’m no figment. Real and all that. Name’s Geraldine, but no one uses it.” Her curled hair bounced a bit at the negating shake of her head. “So it’s either Nurse Taylor or Gerti for you.”
“Sorry, can’t. Doctors are doctors and they are both quite worried over you, especially your
John had been trying to figure out where, exactly, Sherlock was from. His friend had remained rather quiet on the subject which was just making him all the more curious. He wanted to really get to know the abrasive posh idiot; really know him.
"Sherlock seemed friendly enough today," he commented as we shrugged into our raincoats.
He laughed. “Oh, this is going to be grand!” He bent over and began scraping together a pile of the white mush.
“Hush now, sir. You’re recuperating and need rest to gather your strength back.”
His voice shouldn't make his heart do the things it was doing. Shouldn't sound so familiar. Here, awake, his voice was certainly as rough as it had been when I had received an actual verbal answer from in in these last weeks. Asleep, in dreams, is where it seemed to belong now.
Through early morning fog I see
Molly raised her eyebrows and nodded. “Exactly. And it’s not just the book. My publisher just told me someone wants the movie rights.”
“Oh, you’ll live.” Sherlock saw the red painted lips quirk up, warming the piercing blue eyes that assessed him. She had her brooch flipped upward, held by delicate fingers, even though she was ignoring it in favor of keeping his gaze; his wrist in her hand. “Pulse is within normal, sir. Now if only the same could be said for the others on the ward once they get a look at you.”
John blinked twice, then again before answering in his ‘very careful’ voice. “Yea, let’s have a scan then.”
“Bark? Is it like cinnamon?” This piqued Sh’loc’s interest.
“Yes, love? That right?” His breath was hot against the shell of Sherlock’s ear. “Look at me. Come on... it’s all fine.” John continued to rub at the base of the toy, pressing at it. “Is it really too much? Do you need me to help you?”
"Soon, John," he whispered, and then he turned back around and began wheeling me to an exit.
Sherlock hummed and breathily spoke thanks as John rinsed him off just as lovingly. There was no other word for it. He was fully relaxed against the now warm tiles, his body becoming aroused in increments as John lathered his curls, then rinsed down his body again, this time detaching the thin metal wand from its holder against the wall.
“Whoever told you that? Did someone-” John cleared his throat and swallowed. “Whoever told you that and had the audacity to ingrain it to the point that is your automatic response is a right tosser.”
The smile from him was radiant. "Yes, at least father gives you a full bill of health."
“What have you done?” John’s voice was right against his ear, soft but urgent. “If you- you need to tell me, Sherlock.”
"We'll get you there yet, John."
Sherlock pushed his nose hard against my hand again, heaving a breath, growling again as he exhaled. My hairs stood on end, but it was thrilling.
"It's like your own little world in here isn't it?"
He looked relieved.
"You are very welcome here, John." Sherlock had come up behind me, his hands rested at my hips. "You always will be."
want to touch John- over the past several days. No. No, he would firmly close that door for at least the time being.
"Just what I need, my intended towering even more over me, though it would give me better access to all those virginal places you've kept from all others."
“If you are ill-”
“I could always take Mycroft up on his offer-”
Molly laughed nervously. “Well, that’s the other thing. Umm, you know how Sherlock has a brother?”
He shook his head to clear it; Not a thought trail he wanted to go down either.
Better. That was much better.
“Says the young man who fell asleep on a sofa in a cottage that isn’t even his.” John sighed and stood, taking his tea with him. “Not on drugs?”
"You have no idea." He smiled widely, flashing a set of perfect, ultra-white teeth.
...and you can do the same thing if you please.
"That's great," I made my voice overly excited to make sure the sarcasm hit it's mark through Philip's thick head. "and let me guess, you said no, like a punter."
"It's the most logical, of course, John. There is nothing wrong with it, your reaction. The sound is tied to a traumatic experience that is still fresh in your mind." Mr Holmes' voice was calm and sure. "How do you feel?"
Dr. Holmes raised his eyebrows. "Do you want to stay? Too much?"
Was that a- fishing hat on the Commander's head?
Sherlock felt soothed by the mild command even as his nerves jangled about making him a bit light headed. His stomach swooped at the praise that John was pouring over him, the words themselves kind. The meaning behind them, the feelings, unmistakable. He nodded and stood slowly, kissed John’s cheek then left to claim their coats. The thought of John having him further, of him riding the doctor’s cock, making him orgasm; just the fantasy made him hard all over again. Sherlock quickly tamped down on
“Oh, fire? Nice.” John placed their bags down in the hall and looked around. “This, well, it seems like you?”
“Sherlock, look, this is going to be hell. All of it.” John placed his hand once again over Sherlock’s. “Shoulder remember. I know, alright. Come on, there’s a lad.” He offered Sherlock the opening of a soft vest. “See, I’ve got you.”
“Not ill, I wanted to... please you. Especially after... being. And then I knew I had made the correct decision when I received your gift, John. I knew.” Sherlock shifted again, the pressure of John’s hand was doing things to him, as innocent as the touch was. All he could think about was the illicitness of his knickers and the insertable. The soft moan escaped him before he could cut it off.
He stood, and turned on the kettle before grabbing their cups. “You want your mother’s mix or...”
Car lights flashed across the window. "Soon, John, come meet my family. Say yes."
“I’m calling bullshit, Doc. Kiss your pussy. I’ll see you tonight after hours and get it all fixed up.”
“No, sir.” Sherlock felt compelled to tell him the truth and it rankled. “I- use the cottage as a quiet space. To read. Get away from the braying and stomping of the other underclassmen.”
“Sir, would you... do you have all the necessities here?”
“After.” John wrapped his bathrobe around himself and left off the tying before taking Sherlock’s hand.
“You’re an... a nurse, fairly young too. The fancy dress that you have though, is very out of sorts. You should be in current hospital ‘scrub’ attire, yet here you are in a dress. French design. Hair curled, face immaculate, and just a touch of that racy perfume left over from your evening date. You’ve mentioned Molly, though I have not seen you here here. You also have a keen enough eye to notice that John and I have more than a working relationship.”
“Perfect.” The scientist spoke the word in reverent awe.
“Movie rights? You aren’t even published yet. Who the hell is your publisher?” Greg asked.
"Shut up." There was warmth in the words that Sherlock chose not to disguise as he dried his torso and accepted the glass from John's hand. "Just not had the time is all- well there was- it doesn't matter. Honestly, women have always been a bit of an unknown. Not really my area."
“Yes, you act as if he is your sun.” She said it with such conviction.
“Yes, yes, fine.” His voice was low; resigned. John threaded his feet through the legs of the tracksuit then unsnapped the hidden side snaps to mid thigh.
“I know.” Deep down he did. He also knew he’d been trusted with something very private, no matter the reason. “I just, I’m worried for you now.”
The pain grows stronger...watch it grin, but...
For me it was more like slow motion. More accurately it was freeze frame. Possibly. Everything was both stopped still and going all at once but at the rate of treacle. I looked up, and couldn’t breathe. I knew I was gone. This was it. I saw several things simultaneously. The adrenaline rush seemed to make my brain work much faster, and I was able to take everything in like a perfect snapshot that would be my final memory.
visions of the things to be
“Thanks-s-s.” His mugger said quietly, the word spoken through his tightly clenched teeth, as the man properly shouldered the thing again.
"You don't like the cold." It wasn't a question.
"No, you haven't," I swallowed, the gravity of everything coming to the surface. "We haven't; it may be a little soon, but maybe not for us?"
It took the co-ordination of adults and responders to shift the car far enough away from us to bring the stretchers in. Sherlock vehemently refused his, but looked almost impossibly broken as he relinquished me to the adults. Everyone present watched soberly as they loaded me in the back of the ambulance. To make matters worse, Greg arrived before they could get me safely away.
Sh’loc wondered if his brother had set him up a residence there. Most likely, given his penchant for ‘covering all the bases’ as Molly Hooper would state in their labs as they worked. He wondered how the study group of John’s had come to envelop so much of his time as well, but it kept his mind busy, so that was enough. If he chose not to look more closely as to why he’d chosen to work with the other students, it was his prerogative. Though, the-
~~~~~~~~~~~
"More birds for you, you mean." Sherlock tried at a smile and felt it sit oddly. "That one, Mary, she's quite fetching. Soft. Bit round. She's sweet for you, you know."
"Take paracetamol for the pain, the nurse will have given Gregory something a little stronger for later. Only if necessary, John;" he suggested as Sherlock kept me upright. "It seems as if you were extremely lucky," Dr. Holmes said, smiling as he signed my chart with a flourish. Looking way from us to Philip's bed and the miserable boy himself. "You both were." He fixed us with a meaningful look, then his sharp gaze rested on his son. "Following him home? Do let me know how he is fairing tonight? John, be well. Now you, Mr Anderson, I'm afraid that you'll have to stay with us just a little bit longer," he said to Philip, and began checking his cuts.
"Probably not. He moves around a lot-"
“Well the cretins in your ‘study group’ would prefer things that I do not ingest... though most of what you stated I would try. Possibly Bibimbap or Kimchi? Though they are not from where I was raised, they are palatable vegetarian options that others might enjoy.”
understand. Irrelevant. It was tender. His heart stuttered in his chest as he felt every nerve in his body spark to life.
He looked at me now; his expression was skeptical.
Sentiment. Lovely. Absolutely exactly what he needed smack dab in this forsaken little corner of the world. As he opened the door to the barracks he shared with 3C he found himself hoping that the film made exactly the point they all wanted it to. He was a pacifist. Yes, he knew judo and bartitsu, fencing- these were purely academic aims. The same as his lessons in ballet and free-movement jazz had been, and hadn't those establishments proved enlightening in his formative years. This small act of non-violent protest would give a laugh to everyone enlisted, possibly piss his brother of properly, and probably have him end up in the 'hoosegow' with MP's rogering his ass for anti-war sentiment.
John woke up, the city smog curling at his window. The damn cat stayed out again. He could hear it in the corridor. All he had left was this little cubby of a flat and that damn cat. The bright blond of his short hair was still stuck up from the night before. Who had time when he needed to earn as much as he could before his points were lost on his license again. Damn, that was going to suck to pay off when it happened.
“Geraldine, who are you?”
I glanced at Dr Holmes as Sherlock waved the orderly away and began pushing me himself down a back corridor.
Now, I want to address something very quickly. If you are new to insertable toys, PLEASE be careful. Talk to the people that work at the shop they will help you and are knowledgeable. If purchasing online, please do so from a reputable source. You don't want bits breaking off and then a trip to the hospital.
Voices. He turned his head towards the door and listened.
“Been here long?” John just leaned against the portal and crossed his ankles.
"You aren't going to?"
People could be so cruel to each other.
“It may be settled here, at the Embassy. John, you need to know that there may be- repercussions to this.”
I relaxed against him and took in the rest of the room; it really was more of a studio. Very spacious with natty flourished wall coverings, velvet curtains, but hodgepodged furnishings. One wall full of books only interrupted by a very modern device dock and CD player that looked more art than anything, a desk shoved sort of against it, at an angle. Couple of miss-matched chairs, again one more crowded against the wall.
it brings on many changes
It rankled Sherlock that Geraldine seemed to have the upperhand. Utterly ridiculous. Who was this girl? She was most certainly a nurse, he could see that much, but she looked completely at odds with the here and now. Had that sense about her that John did, as if she had seen too much but had accepted it. Was it an impossibility that she had been to war? Most certainly.
Monday came in a little warmer, but devolved quickly. This did not help my mood. Molly and Mike met me in the car park and we walked to class together, Molly splitting off to her own while we went to class. I was actually beginning to feel comfortable here I realised, even if the weather was making me down. When we walked out of class, the air was full of swirling bits of white. I could hear people shouting excitedly to each other. The wind bit at my cheeks, my nose.
The group was pleased that the beach trip would soon be possible. The snow moved to damp cooling drizzle though, and the weeks passed. Things began to get green again.
My skin felt cooled where his fingers rested against my jaw, the tingle of it pleasant. The kiss was soft and chaste, and I couldn't help but to hope that when I truly kissed him, that this was how it wouId feel. I felt shocked that it was already a foregone conclusion. Sherlock laughed quietly and I swore I heard him whisper for me to sleep, but wasn't I already?
Main Theme Song: Suicide is Painless
“So is that why you like your hair a bit long? We all thought it was because you wished to appear more... androgynous?”
“Just-” Sherlock tried and then stopped, collecting his thoughts. “It’s good, sir. New.”
Now it was Geraldine’s chance to raise her eyebrow at him. “Why the war, of course.”
John laid quietly in one of the guest suites one floor above Sherlock's. He thought of it as a suite, even if that wasn't technically the name as it had a small parlour, or morning room, attached to his bedroom. A set of 'pocket doors' with the most beautiful array of stained glass closed one space off from the rest if you chose; why you would, John wasn't certain, if for nothing else than to be able to gaze at the absolute craftsmanship of the antique doors themselves. He loved the novelty of them so had closed them as he had gone to bed, the soft light from his parlour caused them to glitter gently in the darkness. Suffused with happiness, his mind wandered to his friend, the man he was just beginning to know.
I kissed him softly once more. "Yes."
"Philip, tell her yes," I said. "Don't be afraid to talk to her. It hurts to be ignored."
“I did just say, John. Are you feeling well?” He wondered if it might have been too much to ask. No, he had calculated, and it was correct of him to ask.
Sherlock looked her over. Willowy, long sable hair up in regulatory bun, clever, knows how to move what where, but not motivated by greed. Little personal gain involved. Children. Oldest sibling. Works with some sort of fiber often.
“Get on... John?” This made him want to shift up so that he was more sitting and pin her with his gaze until she either withered like Molly
"Oi, John, and who do we have here?" Greg smiled widely and clapped a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "Company for dinner?"
And then my brain would stop.
No, Sherlock wanted thoughts of John only as he slipped into the hot water and settled to soak, to force his body to relax and his mind to wander amongst more carnal desires. He realised John had stretched him further than he was used to, so he was gentle as he washed. It was, in retrospect, a good thing. Now he knew what that felt like; that he liked it. Wanted more, and soon. Sherlock’s thoughts wandered, processing the whole encounter. Biting his lip, he gingerly inserted a tip of a finger, then worked up to two so slowly it was almost maddening, but he
“Sherlock, it wasn’t real. I’m sorry.”
-----
The days there seemed dull and hazy until he backed himself off of the morphine; not as if he had been allowed that much daily to begin with. The nights were the worst. No John... well not often. The one bright spot was he would be home soon with physio to look forward too. John had said he would help here as well, work with him at his appointments even. They hadn’t discussed how he’d wake with their hands intertwined, or how he’d allow John to fuss with him; the gentle, sure hands were welcome. When it got into the deep night, he would try to sleep, though he generally only managed to nap. Nurses would come and go. Sherlock hadn’t seen that nurse again over the last few days and was beginning to wonder if it was a figment of his mind after all.
However, he continued to reach for the microscope. I watched him, still staggered, as he examined the slide for an even shorter time than I had.
"Alright?"
"Then what do you want, Sherlock?" I asked, keeping my eyes closed; it was easier to talk to him coherently that way.
Greg and I spoke in unison and then looked at one another and laughed.
I sighed. “Confused.” Why was I explaining this to him? He continued to stare at me with obvious curiosity. “He thought I was confused, but I’m not, I know who I am. She’s... well I hope both her and my sister are happy.”
“Yes, I am very hard and very wanting; and it’s because of you.” John kissed at his fingers again before raising Sherlock’s hands to lay them above his head. “Hands here, alright? Just for now.”
"I'm fine, really. Really. Just- thank you." I looked to Sherlock, who was still holding me close, but now in a more supported sitting position. "I've got it, just startled. See?"
"As it was when our father and our mother met." My'crof's smugness was apparent. "Don't upset her, Sh'loc-"
Greg immediately sobered, face paling. “Oh Christ.”
His cheeks flushed heatedly as the words processed. He hadn’t heard so many abject words of praise since he... well, since he had constructed his mind palace, at least. Sherlock felt his cock surge against the finely made pants he was wearing and he thanked the cosmos that he’d happened to wear that particular pair. They were almost see-through; very breathable, but also gave John a bit of a show as they looked great on him. He’d feel everything as-
“Us ducks?” He closed his eyes and shook his head then hummed painfully. “Nurse you’re not making sense. Please, go retrieve my friend from the hall. I wish to speak to him.”
“Can I bring you anything?”
All morning I was concerned about lunch; whether or not he would be glaring at me the entire time. I really needed to talk to him and get this straightened out. Part of me wanted to confront him and demand to know what I had done to piss him off. The other part of me hoped that it wasn’t what I thought it might have been... no one deserved to worry about that. When I walked into the cafeteria with Sally, I saw that his four siblings of sorts were sitting together at the same table, and he wasn’t there. Maybe skipped lunch for the same reasons I had contemplated.
“So very sweet, aren’t you?” Sherlock could feel the uptilt of John’s mouth against his skin. “Come on then.”
Mike intercepted us and steered us to his table. Molly seemed elated by the attention, and the rest of their friends quickly joined us. I tried to listen to their easy chatter, I found myself wanting to look towards the other table. Why was I hoping that the idiot would appear so I could go over and just smooth things over?
“Sir?” His chuckle was warm too. “How about I refresh this pot and we have a chat about finding you here?”
"It's Sally- Philip asked her finally." It felt like a relief; maybe she'd get busy with Molly over planning and everyone could just go about their business as usual.
Once inside the classroom, I saw with relief that my table was still empty. Mr Gregson was walking around the room, distributing one microscope and box of slides to each table. Class didn't start for a few minutes, and the room buzzed with conversation. I kept my eyes away from the door, looking over notes I didn’t really need, and heard very clearly when the chair next to me moved. My eyes stayed carefully focused on the pattern I was drawing.
His hand ghosted along my cheek once more and then he hopped out the back and was gliding through the hospital doors. There was another flurry of movement and urgency; another stretcher brought to the bed next to me. I recognized Philip and took a moment to thank whatever God there was that he was alright. Alive.
"Down boy, no need to spoil for a fight before it's there."
I waited for them to get their food, and then followed them to a table. Twice Mike asked, with unnecessary concern, how I was feeling. I told him it was nothing, which it was, really; but I was wondering if I should play it up and escape to the nurse's office for the next hour. It could stop me from acting rashly, that was for certain. Ridiculous. I shouldn't have to run away. I could deal with this like an adult. Politely ignore and then try to discuss it with him at some point, but not in class.
John.
"I- just," Reality slammed into me and I stilled.
He just nodded, his eyes on Philip's retreating figure.
Why haven't you e-mailed me yet? What are you waiting for? Mom.
"Sugar water," he murmured, writing it down as he spoke.
John packed them both, as he knew Sherlock would just have him do it anyway, and settled their bags at the door before working on putting the main room back to some order before they left. Their beds and sleeping quarters were already neat, so he wouldn’t have to worry about that. Sherlock actually was generally a very clean person other than he’d forget his mugs or PADDs and so John would tidy them. He had made sure to pack them both a few PADDs and his paper journal as well. There was just something about paper and ink. He couldn’t satisfactorily explain it, the fulfillment he received from writing this way, the ink dotting his skin at times. Other times, charcoal rubbed against his hand from sketching leaving its dark mark from the exterior of his smallest finger to the beginnings of his wrist. It just felt right, these things at his disposal.
They say when you die, your life flashes before your eyes.
I turned tomato red as he spoke. It was mortifying and I felt miserable and thankful all at once. I knew this talk would be coming, was most likely not over, but after today, I just didn’t want to even try. We lapsed back into silence as we finished eating. He cleared the table while I started on the dishes. He dried and set them in the rack. It was comfortable. Like we had done this same thing tons of times before. I told him goodnight after we were finished and I went upstairs unwillingly to work on my maths. I could feel a tradition in the making.
None of those descriptors were true.
“Alright, John.” Sherlock yawned then.
"What did you call me?" My insides clinched as she just continued to smile sweetly.
After retrieving my cane from somewhere; his jaw suddenly clenched. "Your father is waiting for you," Sherlock looked almost uncertain as he offered the wheelchair.
“Darling, you-”
for that's the only painless feat.
"Interesting. So she is the criminal mastermind." He had to give it to her, she was unassuming, but affable with everyone it seemed. Made connections and transferred goods to those in the know. "Clever girl."
“Hey! At least the cat comes back...” The blond shook his head trying to strike the match in his hand.
"That was awful," Mike groaned as we left class. "They all looked exactly the same. You're
"Got to love the rumour mill, they'll have us in Seoul and married in a fortnight the way you're hanging off me." John laughed between them as he pulled away to open their door. "Damn circus that's going to be- the movie, mind."
I was miserable.
the pains that are withheld for me
They continued through breakfast in comfortable company half listening to other conversations flow around them; it had begun to impress Sherlock. How everyone seemed to chatter amongst one another about hair styles and newest surgical methods all in the same breath. He'd never tell anyone, but they almost surprised him. People had always been so drab; so boring. Most here were other than they were trying to ignore the reality yet immersing themselves just enough to always be at the ready.
He went to his room and picked up his mobile. No messages. Searched through the box. No message. Clearly a gift for him to wear tonight, the message meant to be clear without needing any other. John was thinking about him today. About tonight. Anticipating. Sherlock dropped his towel and carefully maneuvered to put them on. His erection had flagged, but barely, the outline still prominent; the cheeks of his arse just peeking out of the back. They held on to him perfectly. Sherlock snapped a picture on his mobile and cropped it down to just a scant bit of skin and lace at his hip then sent it with the words ‘thank you’ to John’s mobile.
"Oh," I mumbled. Honestly, if I were him the non sequitur would have thrown me as well. "I just, you said something about circulation issues? I mean, I'm glad you're better."
I brought my hands comfortably to rest against his back as we spoke. The intimacy was not lost on me. This was more than I had ever expected, this feeling of contentment. I closed my eyes and just relaxed; I refused to feel shameful over a shared orgasm with someone I cared about.
“What if I were to- cover for you? Be an interested party?” He willed himself to match Sherlock’s gaze even though he was worried that perhaps he was showing too much of his hand. “If I were an interested party and had chosen to court you? Our- the Betazed- traditions call on a very long courtship so that we make sure that we are fully compatible when the time comes to marry. Would this- appease your mother?”
Sherlock looked fascinated by what I said, for some reason I couldn't imagine. His face was such a distraction that I tried not to look at it any more than courtesy absolutely demanded.
“Not a figment then.” Was his answer.
“So. You are?”
“I’ve seen her occasionally.”
“I’m fine.”
Little miss prissy silkily wound herself around and between his legs meowing at him as if she hadn’t just eaten before she’d decided to come home. He knew the score. He knew he wasn’t the only one feeding the little white cat. There was a woman, Mary, just down the way that would take the so-not-pitiful thing in on nights he was trawling for fares. Mary, now she was a nice one.
“John, it is fine that I am not bound by the rules of the hierarchy that my family belongs. I am a second son, and the Gods must have found a moment of wisdom when it was done. Please, it is fine.”
“Are you sure about this?”
I was an idiot, right along with Philip. I couldn't believe the rush of emotion pulsing through me —just because he'd happened to look at me for the first time in a half-dozen weeks. I couldn't allow him to have this level of influence over me. It was pathetic; no more than. It was unhealthy. When the bell rang at last, I turned my back to him to gather my things, expecting him to leave immediately as usual.
Greg seemed to feel awkward standing in the kitchen doing nothing; so he lumbered into the living room to watch some telly while I worked. We were both more comfortable that way. I called him in when dinner was ready, and he sniffed appreciatively as he walked into the room.
"Oh, I think everyone knows your name. The whole town's been waiting for you to arrive."
“Look, I know you- I know you saved me.” I said each word slowly, carefully. "I'm not going to tell anybody, but it matters to me," I insisted. It was hard to say what came next. "Thank you for jumping in and- you could have- as well you know. I don't know how you deflected Philip's car, but, thank you."
The barista behind the counter stared as Greg positively shook, tears rolling down his cheeks.
“Fight? Why?” John sat up a bit at this and leaned forward, elbows on his knees, the concern that had laid low in his belly made him feel slightly ill. “I will be there for you, Sherlock, I don’t mean that I won’t, I will, but-” He licked at his lips tasting the tea he’d sipped. “Well, what if there were another way?”
“Uh, yea, neat.” Lestrade made a face and watched the tube become covered by a metallic shield. “When’s it going to open?”
“Oh my god!” Sherlock gasped loudly as his body automatically tightened.
“Tired still it seems. Um, yeah that’s fine... morphine most likely. I’ll stay with you?” His free hand skated up to Sherlock’s curls that were loose and gingerly brushed at them watching his fingers. “I’m just. I’m glad you are back. Here. With us, yeah?”
Molly looked up as Dr. Vannen set a file down on her desk.
"Sherlock-" The tang of iron was stronger than it had been, I felt my stomach turn even as he brought his nose to the offending hand and nuzzled against it. "Is this happening? Are we?"
“It’s the cat, Blackwood.” John chuckled.
Sherlock Holmes was standing five cars down from me, staring at me. In horror. His face was a mask of shock, mirroring mine. But of more immediate importance was the dark blue Nissan Qishan that I had narrowly missed yesterday skidding, tires locked and squealing against the brakes, swerving without traction; the ice of the parking lot making it impossible for Philip to stop. It was going to hit my Mini, and I was standing between them with my keys still in my hands and knapsack barely slung over my shoulder. I didn't even have time to close my eyes.
"Get Philip out of his car!" someone else shouted. "He's stuck!"
"There's nothing wrong with me at all, but a little concussion," I complained. "Minor aggravation of previous injury. Had worse in rugby." I had a feeling he already knew all of this.
“Problem?”
“I do.” He swallowed, hard. “I want to get to know you, sir.”
He was already seated as was usual when I got to Biology, looking straight ahead. I sat down, expecting him to turn toward me. He showed no sign that he realized I was there.
I tried to seem indifferent.
A woman, one he assumed to be the old nanny, had come out to hang a large evergreen wreath with a acid green bow as it’s only ornamentation. Somehow, it fit with the feel of the place. Sherlock walked up to the woman and gave her a hug, which surprised John. He knew Sherlock was not one for physical displays, but it warmed him to see the Vulcan being familiar with someone. John stepped up the last few treads and waited as Sherlock pulled back and then introduced him. Mrs. Hudson took him in a warm hug as well and began guiding him through the entry and shooed them up to the first floor to get settled in the parlor for tea.
“I have a flat. It is small, thin walled and... miserable.” Sherlock rolled his shoulders forward. “I can’t even do any experiments, notes. Not even blue-tack.” He made sure to sound sad, not sullen. This was a fine line to walk, he knew, but every bit of what he was saying was truth. “Here, well at least I can revise in peace and work on cases and not be-”
Thank you so very much, all of you are amazing.
"You must be a good at quick educated guessing then." I replied.
"Why would it change if you've already spoken your mind?" John was surprised that he could still feel the unraveling of each emotion as Sherlock thought to himself; the way they tapered down to a low hum from the roar that they practically had been.
“Hey, just found a picture of the two of us...” John gazed at the picture of the two of them in uniform ready to raze hell if necessary. “From the day. God fucking Commandos-”
"Hello? John? What do you want?"
“Oh! I won’t say another word here. Promise.” She snickered, but she looked away. I raised my head enough to make sure that she did. “It’s okay, you know, if you are.”
It wasn’t until Molly had reached the street level, glass doors shutting silently behind her, that she realized what her biggest challenge would be. She shuddered at the thought of what Sherlock Holmes and John Watson would say when they realized that London’s next bestseller would be based on their lives.  Well, their lives and a generous helping of a little extra something from Molly’s subconscious.
The plug was one of three, the smallest. Only a little under eight centimeters. Didn’t seem like much. As he looked at it, the circumcised mold of the insertable made his stomach twist again. This was clearly ridiculous, the need to please, but he’d also never been as aroused as he was the night previous. Even now, he was imagining John whispering to him. How brilliant he was... how good it would be with him already stretched. Sherlock took his fingers out, lubed the plug and teased it gently around his slightly relaxed hole, exhaling as he did so. The soft whimper was out before he could stop it, instead his breath quickened and he bit his lip
Blackwood laughed his goodbye and rang off. John shook his head at his friend. Fuck, the man knew him so well. It wouldn’t be too bad after all; catch up, have a few beers, maybe some poker with those stupid ‘racy’ cards they had coveted in the darker hours together. Sweetie was still meowing at him so he tapped another button and the small feeder opened from a space along the floor. She began eating, purring at him inbetween bites.
“Oh, okay.” John would take that at face value for now. “But why hide your physiology at all? Sherlock, that is dangerous. Especially here on campus with so many different- look, I’m not going to out you, but at least tell me your records state that you are Vulcan.”
“Uncomfortable, how?” He knew little of  Vulcan physiology, they had yet to cover it in his classes.
"You don't understand, John." He whispered between us. "I'm not good."
"Tender?" he asked. "Stitches seem perfectly spaced and small. The laceration was not terribly deep, nor large. You should be fine in a few days."
John-
I watched him take seconds as I spoke, and felt relieved that dinner wasn't rubbish.
“Yes, just like this, darling.” John held him close, his front to Sherlock’s back. “In a moment, I’m going to have you kneel up, and I’m going to lower myself some.” His hands generously skated along Sherlock’s chest as he spoke. “I’m going to kiss you, spread you open with my mouth. My tongue. Would you like that, love? Nothing too rough, I don’t wish to overuse your body. Make you sore.”
“Yes, I’m fine.” John caught his breath, then exhaled before standing and walking past Sh’loc to pour their tea. Sh’loc did not miss the warmth of John’s gaze on his body. “I’d love to... spend the holiday with you, though over there it’s Boxing Day... well and Christmas too... and Christmas eve if you are religious but you aren’t so-”
“Why ever would I wish to do that?” The plain baffled look that crossed Sherlock’s face was a sight to behold.
in that far chair.”
But I was also alert and ready to counterattack with prejudice.
"So much for a quiet morning."
that suicide is painless
It sounded so very, very good. The heat that began radiating from his core had nothing to do with the shower and everything to do with John.
“Woah, Sherlock. Darling. Slow down.” John chuckled low and came up behind Sherlock to wrap his arms around his waist, his chin nuzzling between his shoulders. “I’ve got you. We can take our time with this. You’re shaking like a leaf.”
I had decided to read the novel we were currently studying after responding to mum in hopes of losing myself in it for a while, but my stomach grumbled reminding me the I needed to start dinner. I put the sausages in the pan and potatoes into the boiling water. With the rolls in the oven I figured it would be a simple, but much better than Greg had in ages at home.
“Well, a few of us are staying actually, in my study group, and we’ve discussed possibly having a dinner of our own. A real American spread, but with maybe one or two small dishes from our homes too. Like, for instance I could bring Kimden rolls and Uttaberry wine or I could also bring a good scotch and some Shepherd's pie... what about you?”
“Not enough. It’s not enough,” he gasped.
“Well, our... ears they are highly sensitive. And to put things on them. It bothers me.”
“Yes!” He gasped out. “So much... I need more.”
“Really?” He looked happily surprised. “So... are you... royalty of some sort back off-world?”
And the dreams continued.
“Sure you are. I’ll go see about that scan, okay?” A soft snore was Sherlock’s only response as he slipped once more into the morphine’s loving grasp.
“It’s just us, Sherlock. I’m not... this is fine. More than if-”
"John?" Sherlock laid his chest back towards me, but shifted the rest of himself to the side. Lacing our finger together he sighed. "I hope I haven't pushed-"
I laughed without humor. "It might not be, but it was my decision. I have more freedom here and dad- well I’m sure he knows, and he’s fine. So."
I was so indifferent, I couldn't even concentrate on Mike's chatter as we walked to our cars. He noticed and just smiled widely before continuing on. The rain was just a mist as I walked to the parking lot, but I was happier when I was in the dry interior of the Mini. I got the heater running, unzipped my jacket, and ran my fingers through my hair so the heater could dry it on the way home. I looked around me to make sure it was clear.
I bolted down some toast and some juice from the bottle. I felt excited to go to school, and that scared me. If I was being honest with myself, which I needed to be, this was really about Sherlock Holmes and that spark of
. The thrill of hedonistic behaviours. As if it was overly decadent and not-at-all-allowed, but still, Sherlock felt his cock pulse at the thought of feeling the metal within him. The feel of John’s mouth as the wand moved against him from cleft to root and back again, as it teased possibilities.
John tilted his head, his tongue darting over his lips. “Nurse?”
“The publication date is set for February the fourteenth. If all goes well, the audiobook will be released concurrently. Also, I’ve been having talks with a producer who is very…interested in converting your story to film. Assuming sales behave as projected, you, Miss Hooper, will be projected to stardom. But for now, I suggest you return to your corpses. Farewell.”
“You have a meeting with the Prime Minister at one, and then you should be free to record for the rest of the day.”
"John!" he yelled in panic when he recognized me on the stretcher.
"So, Sherlock, didn't you think Johnathan should get a chance with the microscope?" Mr Gregson asked.
Dad bought me a vintage Mini, can you believe it? I love it. It's old, but really sturdy, which is good, you know, for me.
His hands shook as he quickly unclasped the belt, the leather swishing through the buckle, then onto the stays hidden just on the other side of the trouser line... then the zip. “Daddy... you are-” He couldn’t think of a word so he ran his finger along the outline of John under his pants.
“They are sealed. There are protocols in place if I were in any personal danger, John. You have to trust me on this.”
"I was hoping later, after we've gone back down," His eyes were almost mournful. "You may not wish to, continue with me afterward, after what I say."
I closed my eyes and inhaled slowly through my nose, allowing the hint of his cologne to invade my senses for better remembering later.
The smile that graced his face as he came around so I could see him seemed uncertain, as if his face was not used to the expression. "There is no reason to be thankful for a purely selfish deed."
“Beautiful, clever you, to want to please me,” John kissed his jaw, his beard tickling at the lobe of his ear. Their eyes locked on one another. “Do you want this, so soon? I would wait-”
“There you are!” John enveloped him in a short half hug which he was certainly not prepared for. The touch set him on the other side of warm and feeling very alive. It bolted through him, leaving him rooted to the spot for a few seconds until his mind caught back up. John had noticed. Sh’loc  tilted his head minutely in answer to the appraisal he was receiving.
“Too noisy. Got kicked out over summer.” He couldn’t believe he was actually telling him this.
A restless groan escaped him as he pressed inward. Too sensitive. It made him flush, all overheated and itching for
“No, John I’m not...” Sherlock glanced at John, then down to the table. “I’m alright.”
“Yes, sir. Was I correct?”
The ginger tint of the beard was at odds with the -silvered sandy hair, and also spoke of domesticity. It was very neatly maintained as was his hair... clothing. Sherlock found himself half-hoping this was a dream. Here, a man, that seemed perfectly suited to him. Looking as casual as could be in civilian trousers, check shirt, and cardigan; but Sherlock saw through that... the urban camouflage. No, this man was still a ranking military doctor as far as the both of them were concerned and Sherlock intended to take full advantage.
His hand was warmed by John’s. This was new. The tangle of fingers was nice. Comforting. It took a minute to swallow and get his throat working before Sherlock made a small noise.
“Good boy. Such a good, wonderful boy.”
I had the feeling that he was forcing himself to make small talk with me.
"Hello, Sherlock," I said pleasantly, to show him I was going to stand my ground and be pleasant. "I'm doing better, thanks for asking. How are you coping with almost being smashed to bits?"
“I’m. Not. Embarrassed.” He bit out as John’s hand moved to the middle of his back. “I had... have... a gift for you too-”
He was glad for the fact that they had been given permission to film themselves instead. It had taken a call to Mycroft to see it happen; and didn't his brother just love that. He was due to the camp soon, as was one of the conditions to them being allowed to keep 'precious equipment to tinker with' with a promise of 'a very real film that is viewable for general populace'. Sherlock found himself hoping if there was any trouble that he would be willing to deflect it towards himself alone.
The roughened fingers once against squeezed against his as if reaffirming that Sherlock was tangible. It struck him somewhere deep that John would so clearly be certain about such a thing when he, himself, knew there had indeed been a nurse watching over him before he had dozed off.
. A scrape of teeth, a touch of callused hands that weren’t his own. His cock twitched hard and he bit his lip. He was antsy, wanting to orgasm as he had with John, but worried it would feel... lacking. Empty? Half-cursing, he took his fingers out and pulled the stopper as he exited the tub, wrapped a towel around himself, and went through to his bedroom. He pulled the small silicone plug out from his bedside, then the lube. The plan had been to use it at some point; to feel the hedonistic glide within him for more than the few moments his finger normally was. To perhaps feel out if he’d like that sort of stimulation in a longer duration. Never would he ever had thought its first use would be to prepare him for someone else.
His modesty may be lost at this time, but he still could not stop the rise of colour. The blush on Sherlock’s cheeks made them a mottled red. “Is this to-”
Sherlock responded by lapping again, this time in a wider stripe, and humming. The texture and play of the hair and then not was lovely. John tasted clean. Not even of soap, just the ephemeral quality of skin, even though Sherlock could clearly smell his cologne still. It was dark and woodsy and fit John to a tee. He worked his way up to John’s mouth, tentatively kissing, asking for more. John opened for him and let him lick into his mouth as a needy sound was swallowed between them. His body flared with heat all over, his skin prickly and tight. Leaning back on to the bedding, John followed him not quite all the way down, opting to run his mouth over Sherlock’s throat and collar instead, whispering soft words of encouragement as Sherlock writhed.
"My mother is going to visit. It is unexpected." Sherlock looked sharply at John but took the tea he offered. "There can only be two reasons for such a maneuver. One, is to persuade me to leave what she feels is a fool's journey. Two, because there has been a query from Ir'ene." Sherlock seemed to contemplate his choice of words before continuing. "She and I have been set to marry, but I do not wish the match. It is possible that mother chooses to ascertain if this has changed."
you, John Watson. In a way I never thought I'd want. You have indelibly touched my life. I cannot harm you."
It was better because it wasn't raining yet, though the clouds were dense and opaque. It was easier because I knew what to expect of my day Mike came to sit by me in English, and walked me to my next class. People also didn't look at me quite as much as they had yesterday. That was nice. It felt like I was deemed as close to local barring the tan and accent and that was alright. I sat with a big group at lunch that included Mike,Philip, Sally, and several other people whose names and faces I now remembered. I began to feel like I was treading water.
Love and Light~ Diann
Sherlock ran one hand to grip at John’s on his hip, the other to lazily pull on his own cock. He looked back over his shoulder and kissed at John. John’s beard was dense against his lips as Sherlock found the slight morning stubble that had yet to be shaved off of John’s neck.
Not the answer Sh’loc was expecting.
I tried to appear attentive but my thoughts were unmanageable. “I don’t have cooties.”
His face was hot as he spoke. “A training plug, sir.”
"Incoming!" Molly had stood and downed her coffee mere seconds before the actual sound of the helicopters could be heard. She briskly left the mess hall and bee lined towards the communications office.
That's when I noticed the still, figure leaning against a car becoming quickly drenched- Sherlock was leaning against the front door of an silver Audi A3, three cars down from me, and staring intently in my direction. I swiftly looked away and threw the mini into reverse, almost hitting a bright blue Nissan Qushqai in my haste. Lucky for the other student, I stomped on the brake in time. It was just the sort of car that might make scrap of my Mini. I took a deep breath, looked out the other side of my car, and cautiously pulled out again. I stared straight ahead as I passed the Audi, but I swear I saw him laughing.
I drove very slowly not wanting to carve a path of destruction all the way down Main. When I got out at school, I breathed the sweet air of relief at not killing anyone else, myself included. The roads had been treated, but it was still my first time driving through the hellish stuff. I was standing by the Mini locking it up and struggling to fight back the sudden wave of emotions that filtered back to me when I heard an odd sound.
Vannen left, and Molly sighed, pulling out her mobile. Her fingers trembled as she dialled and placed the phone to her ear. It rang twice before being picked up, a husky voice identifying himself at the other end.
"The VanBuren Supernova," Sherlock answered, slowing moving his gaze away from mine back to the front of the class.
I was only half teasing.
“Oh, dear God, yes.”
"She- she cannot." Sh'loc was not prepared to discuss a change as yet in his and John's relationship. "Why are you forcing my hand? You know it would break her heart- I only told her that I had met someone who, miraculously, seemed to understand my disposition"
Sherlock dressed as quickly as he could, and ran product carefully through his hair styling it in its tousled but heavily curled way. He pocketed a small tube of lube along with his other items and locked his flat for the night. The cab was indeed waiting for him. This shouldn’t affect him the way it was. Closing his eyes, he went to his mind palace to help him ignore the swishy feeling going through him. It was all transport. He could do this. Soon enough, Sherlock was alighting from the taxi and heading into Le Coq et Chat. He settled his nerves as the door was opened for him and his coat was taken before shown to their table.
And that was very, very stupid.
The game of life is hard to play
I blushed as I hadn't even heard her question. "Um, what was the question again?"
The young man, Radar, interrupted immediately finishing Greg’s statement for him. “I’ll go ahead and get the brandy and cigars, yes, sir.”
“Better to be cold than move someone with a possible spinal injury, John. And you want to be a doctor.” His expression had turned to something I did not recognise as his fingers curled gently around my face. “Almost lost that today.”
At least they were alive. Patching up boys to send home to their families-
A doctor walked around the corner, just behind and to Sherlock’s left. He was young, darker gingery brown hair, golden eyes and handsome in a by-gone era way. Where Sherlock might be considered Byronic, this man might have been at home in the courts of Queen Elizabeth I. Ruffs and all. He was pale, though, and tired-looking. From Greg's description, this had to be Sherlock's father.
"Where are the rest of your family?" I had realised then that I hadn't noticed the Landrover outside, and really only Sherlock and his parents must be home. "Will they be here later?"
Sherlock moved slowly, feeling over full and tugged on but blissfully hazy. The plug made walking difficult because he felt so open; exposed. It felt like ages to get to the door and finally open it, and was quite surprised that he was met with a courier in his doorway holding a package obviously meant for him. Interesting. He signed for the thin black wrapped box and then closed the door before opening it on the spot.
He could hear Sherlock dressing and called out they should get a bit of a move on as that grouping was the last for the day and if they needed provisions that they’d need to certainly be in London at a decent hour. He couldn’t wait to see this place. Sherlock began explaining that it was by Regent’s Park and the old tube stations. That it was an old Victorian that had been restored, so it had four floors and a smaller basement turned lab as well. John could not believe that Sherlock actually owned it outright.
to answer questions that are key
A great one.
Thank you all for being patient. This one was a bit of a bugger, but that's ok. All of you who have commented or kuddoed- this is a serious heartfelt thank you. I love having feedback and knowing that you are enjoying this insanity. *kiss*
"I thought it was supposed to come down in flakes — you know, each one unique and all that. These just look like the ends of cotton swabs."
“What does it matter what I believe when everyone else already believes it.”
He seemed puzzled by my unexpected question. "No."
“I figured you might want something softer against your skin tonight.” John smiled impishly as his voice dropped. “Still a bit tender? You are-”
“Anthea?” Mycroft called out when the tinkle of a small bell alerted him to his assistant's renewed presence in the office. “Has the recording studio been set up?”
“The CASSSSSHH MAN GIMMIE THE CASH!”
The shiny metal parted and reversed back from where it had come from revealing a humanoid, somewhere in their late twenties.
"Why does it matter to you?" I asked, I kept my eyes away so that he couldn’t read them or whatever it was that he was doing. "My issues have nothing to do with you."
"Well," he said after a moment, "I guess it's good you two are lab partners." He mumbled something else as he walked away.
But as it works its way on in
“Don’t receive compliments often, do you...”
"She was out on supply run again. Deserves a bit of the spoils, don't you think?"
Knickers. Whisper soft lace; baby pink.
“Yes sir. Your car will be here shortly.” There was a slight pause and then the voice continued.
He couldn’t meet John’s gaze. This was turning. Badly. “It’s just transport, sir.”
The kettle whistled, breaking his thoughts, most likely better for it. Sherlock filled the pot and set it on the small tray, his cup, saucer and a plate of the biscuits with the chocolate on top laid out perfectly. Deciding to settle on the long sofa, he brought it to the round side table and placed it just so before sitting and removing his shoes. Wouldn’t do to leave marks on the thing. He poured himself a cuppa and laid down, cracking open a book as he let his drink cool.
"That's what I thought." His voice, amazingly, sounded like he was suppressing laughter.
"Hey, you alright?" I asked quietly.
“C’torr with Kreyla as a... sopping device; not unlike naan.”
"Is he sleeping?" a musical voice asked a little while later. My eyes flew open.
And it was. Feeling like this for anyone, and so quickly. Even though it had been weeks since our initial meeting in class, we hadn't exactly been best mates. I resolved myself to follow this though, even if I was half terrified by the strength of my own feelings. I followed Sherlock up the back stairs from the kitchen to his room. It faced west with a brilliant view of the countryside and forest not far beyond. I realised then that half of his room was glass walled, at least it appeared as such until I noticed a very thin strip all they way around of very old brick. Possibly original. I began to realize the age and history of the home and felt out of place. This was a grand manor, and here I was in it. The things these walls must have seen in their time.
Sh’loc flicked on the kettle behind him and sat on the floor, practically boneless. “Tell me, John. How do you feel about this break coming up? Do you feel like travel this time?”
"Not picky, just letting Molls get her fill-" They both look over to the nurse and her mound of food, mostly toast, but beans, eggs, some veg as well.
“I’m bisexual.” John sighed as he said it. “The woman I would have married took exception and, well, maybe that was for the best.”
all our little joys relate
"You've warned me already, yet here we are."
"You should see the doctor," Greg said, laughing. "It's a good thing he's happily married. A lot of the nurses at the hospital have a hard time concentrating on their work with him around. I know we haven’t talked about it but, you know-”
but now I know that it's too late, and...
"John?"
“Good morning, darling.” The words were humid against the shell of his ear. “Would you mind if we stayed like this? Just for a little while?”
"On the contrary, I find you very difficult to read." Despite everything that I'd said and he'd guessed, he sounded like he meant it.
Mike caught up to us, and so did Mary, as we entered the dining hall. He had wet spikes in his hair and looked happily at a very dry Molly. They were talking animatedly between each other about the snow fight he had shielded her from. I thought it was pretty smooth of him to get her to fancy him that way. As I was going through and picking out food I just happened to glance over at the table where the Holmes congregated and froze for a second. He was back.
The fact he had longed to touch his friend, just companionably, fingertips resting on one another even. He craved it. Knew it wasn't customary though, with Vulcans being touch telepaths. It wasn't an aversion, it was- intimate. To know someone that way. John understood it implicitly, the reasons behind Sherlock's use of gloves, the care to not touch. To open oneself that way. But he could be careful with him. Being betazed, he'd been trained since a child how to shelter himself from unwanted empathic contact, had honed it so he could become a doctor and serve within Starfleet. He hadn't planned on Sherlock. It made him smile to himself in the near darkness.
There was a quick shared glance between Mr Holmes and Sherlock before Mrs Holmes spoke.
“I’m not a child.” His pulse was racing and he swore he could feel his heart trying to beat out of his chest. “I have no frame of reference for this. Any of it. You.”
“Yes, they are, John.”
SUPER QUICK NOTE:
Doctor then. Army.
“In time, when you choose.” His. John’s. The doctor began thrusting languidly. “Whatever you choose.” The susurrus words were kissed along his skin; set him aflame. “Let me take care of you, Sherlock.” John’s hand joined Sherlock’s and began a steady pull twisting their hands just as they crested over the exposed head, coating their fingers before sliding back down. “God, you are beautiful under me.”
Write me as soon as you get in. Tell me how your flight was. Is it raining? I miss you already. I'm almost finished packing for Florida, but I can't find my pink blouse. Do you know where I put it? Phil says hi.
“Your boy?” Sherlock gasped the words as the particularly well timed thrust took his breath away.
Thoughts occurred to him then that had not; oh, how the morphine had dulled him. Sherlock was glad to be off it to a degree but a significant part was still wanting it for the healing process, the other craving it. He’d have John at home, monitoring his dosages and keeping him in tea so he’d have some comfort that way as well. Getting dressed. Using the loo. On crutches...
Songwriters: MANDEL, JOHNNY / ALTMAN, MICHAEL B
“Yes. I have ways of disguising them, though I prefer to do so with my hair. The other choices are -uncomfortable.”
A brave man once requested me
"Hi, John." She quipped.
I sighed, scowling at the blackboard.
I decided to permit myself one glance at the table. If he was glaring at me, I would skip and try to see him after, before rugby. Maybe skip part of that, too, if it meant we could iron out whatever had happened. It was early days at this school. I might be able to get away with excusing my absence the next day claiming illness. Everyone would back me up, especially Mike, as concerned as he was. I must look miserable. I kept my head down and glanced up under my lashes. None of them were looking this way. I lifted my head a little.
"Childish, allowing your emotions to be so transparent. Tell me, will we have a 'happy announcement' by the end of your holiday together?"
"You go kiss and make up with Sally." Deflection was always my stronger suit.
At the sound of John’s voice, he rolled his head towards it. “Molly of course.”
"I'll see you at lunch, okay?" I kept walking as I spoke. "I’m going inside."
“The perks of your family wanting you to be safe, I suppose, although it will be worth having I suppose.”
They walked out of the O.R. 'sterile area', and towards the main part of camp, Sherlock's mind still preoccupied with sorting and compartmentalising each of the men whom he had worked on. He walked alongside John, trusting him to guide them to wherever they were meant to wind up at the end of their sojourn through camp. Most likely given location their barracks. Twenty eight hours wasn’t the longest he’d ever stayed conscience for, but never had the hours been so grueling. His thoughts kept snagging on themselves. He felt as if he’d been dragged over gravel and fed sand for almost every one of the last several hours.
He must have dozed off, must have. It was obvious as he slowly awoke, slightly off-kilter as his brain was still sleep-addled. Sherlock blinked his eyes open and was met with a kindly, amused smile and deep blue eyes set in a face that spoke of desert sand and crackling thunderstorms. The man was slightly smaller than him in stature, but well defined under his clothing, one only had to look at the shoulders to see that. His hands were clasped, small as well, but looked steady. The scent of antiseptic was barely noticeable under the clean-milled lavender and cologne.
“This. Touch me again, please.”
“Then we shall have to procure some after we’ve settled in the house.” Sh’loc felt the warmth rise again within him as pride in being able to make John smile washed over him. “I shall shower and we will make ready within the hour. Our transport will be any time this evening between 1700 and 1900 hours. Anything you wish to mail, we can do so there or once we are in London.”
I winced and lifted my hand. It was just a small nick, the tiniest of things. I also realised that Sherlock had gone very pale and had stopped breathing.
. And nice to him. “There is always something.”
The next morning brought a silence that was remarkably pleasant, no one had died, everyone was healing without heavier than normal houses stacked against them; breakfast was even what could be called passable. Real eggs and damn good coffee. Not that chicory business. Made Sherlock wonder what the black market was like in the area, how infiltrated and what was being passed through it.
John didn't feel guilty over it; not really. Samarah and he had been lightly bonded and promised as children. She was clearly happy with him, as he was her, but it was a friendship only. There was no romanticism there. His 'older' sister though; the way they looked at one another. There was a definite spark between the two women. It would be lovely to see them pair bond. To truly complete someone- it made sense that he was chosen at the time, familial bonds being strong- so it did not surprise him that it was Harriet that would be the one for his betrothed. It could happen, though rare. Then again, so were twins. Would Sherlock be open to him courting him was the question. The
“You don’t even know me, sir.”
“So innocent,” The laughter was back as John comforted, his hand dipping low between Sherlock’s cleft pressing when he found the flat edge of the plug. “I can feel the lace... and this... what size?”
My mom was in hysterics, of course. I had to tell her I felt fine at least thirty times before she would calm down. I wasn't as eager to escape Framingham as I thought I would be, Sherlock had, surprisingly, changed my feeling on the matter. Stupid, but none the less true. I decided I might as well go to bed as I waited for him to get back with our homework. I stopped on my way to grab my prescription from the bathroom as my head felt as if it was about to fall off. They did help, and, as the pain eased, I drifted to sleep.
This was the moment my world changed forever.
Sherlock and I both looked at one another. It felt so new, so delicate. I was terrified.
"Practically perfect in every way." He quipped against my ear.
His eyebrows knit together. "I don't understand," he admitted, and he seemed unnecessarily frustrated by that fact.
"With the soon to be step-father?" Sherlock surmised, his tone still kind. “He obviously figured out that you had bisexual tendencies.”
What he wouldn't give for the days of mayhem and locked room triple homicides in his City.
She shook her head as she threw up a hand to summon a cab. It was only going to get worse from here.
“Your concern is well meant, but rather misplaced I think, Miss Hooper. I can assure you that Sherlock Holmes and John Watson will suffer no serious effects from your publication. Come dear, a book published? Released to the mass media?”
She stood and walked towards the chair, this time with a small pocketbook; possibly psalms.
Greg rushed to my side as Sherlock stopped and stepped away from pushing me. It felt odd not to have him close to me. "What did the doctor say?"
. They’d barely met and yet his words... his actions had pinned something tender within Sherlock. Something fleeting and raw. Yes. He could do this. He
"Dr Holmes saw me, and he said I was fine and I could go home." I looked toward Sherlock and felt the tips of my ears heat. "Sherlock asked if he could follow us home, stay the afternoon."
“Of course I did, John... I was worried. You’d want to know too. Be reasonable.”
Greg fixed me with a firm stare but must have decided to let it go. "Alright, up you get. Sherlock, you got him, he's at least a stone heavier than you."
Sherlock closed his incense holder and gracefully got to his feet, joining John in one of the low comfortable chairs close to the fire. He picked up his cup and sipped, giving John the small quip of a smile. They shared the comfortable silence, punctuated only by softer words or an agreeable noise in answer, and ate the small meal John had prepared for them both.
“That. Was amazing.”
"Your father is a very understanding man," he agreed.
His imaginary John praised and soothed him. Because he would, wouldn’t he? Why did John
“Something fortifying, yes.” Came the straightforward reply. Sherlock, himself getting arranged on their sofa, PADDs close at hand along with his own for notes John assumed.
lucky you had Holmes for a partner."
“I’m going off to lunch. Would you like to come?” Vannen asked, pulling his glasses off and polishing the lenses.
221 Baker was a tall thinish Victorian lady. The exterior was painted in a way that would show off her character, much like the row houses that still existed in San Francisco. The coordinating scheme though was interesting. Each home painted in a variation of colours that on their own seemed to blend, but taken individually, John realised that they were done in a lighter followed bydarker pattern. Sherlock’s was darker, which was unsurprising, jewel tones. Deep still, aubergine, charcoal, the darkest teal John had ever seen. He took in the whole area now, not just the houses; it seemed to all be historically retrofitted. Iron fences around trees. Lovely box hedgerows hiding the uplighting for the cellars.  Oh, he’d love his evening runs here. If it didn’t snow. Maybe he’d convince Sherlock to take walks instead. He didn’t want to be too sedentary and have hell to pay in two weeks when they returned back to the Academy.  John was certain it would be very bad for them to just laze about, but when had he really known Sherlock to do so.
His own fingers coming up once again to find buttons, but this time John’s. The dark blue plastic whispered through each buttonhole as they both watched Sherlock’s progress. When it opened, Sherlock licked at his lips as his hands encountered the soft smattering of chest hair and still firm body. He wanted to kiss him, his skin. Taste the difference because he knew there would be. Without thinking, he pushed up on his elbows, letting go with his hands and opened his mouth to lick at an exposed nipple.
I teased my way into his mouth, expecting warmth, but finding the coolness there as well. It wasn't unpleasant, possibly I was just warmer than him. I blushed as I realised he was holding us apart and the reasons as to why that may be. I parted to catch my breath leaning against his cheek.
Sorry this is Monday, not Friday or Saturday. I received some wonderful news that then sent my weekend into a bit of havoc, but in the best way. As a heads up, there will be no post from March 9th to March 13th, due to said news. This is the beginning of the E rating, though really it's maybe more M. Thank you to everyone who has kuddoed and commented, it means a lot after such a long hiatus. ~Bo
“Yea, and who was the one who base jumped out of a shuttle?”
The doctor peeled away and laced his fingers with Sherlock’s to pull him down the hall and into the bedroom. It wasn’t large, being a cottage, so the bed seemed to dominate the space. He felt his breath catch again as he began fumbling with his buttons. The sooner he undressed the sooner he could get under the duvet. It was silly, to be self-conscious. John had most likely seen hundreds of bodies all in different states no less. He was being a child and needed to calm himself.
I gathered my books together, then stood and walked to the door. I meant to sweep out of the room, but of course I caught the stop of my cane on the door jamb and dropped my half closed knapsack. I stood there for a moment, sighed and bent to pick them up. Sherlock was there beside me; he'd already stacked my things and put them into the plain canvas bag before handing it to me.
is it to be or not to be
“Why do you say that?” Gerti’s eyes twinkled. “Aren’t really allowed to on shift-nights. You should know this. Don’t you get on with one of the girls from the Morgue? Oh, not in that way, I know you only have eyes for your doctor...”
All I heard was a thin high wine after those words. I had to blink a few times as everything got blurry; not a second later Sherlock was holding me and Greg was shouting about calling 999 and something about my head. It was as if I were in cotton wool fighting my way out. Just a garden variety panic attack scaring the wits out of my dad and my boyfriend.
The mugger in front of him was wearing a still of the hall on his head and was brandishing quite a large gun. Why does this shit happen to him? All of the crazy, none of the fun anymore it seemed. Twitchy flicked a random finger. Good thing the damn gun had it’s safety engaged.
it brings on many changes
"Hey, Dick, you okay, mate?" John's head was tilted and his hands were slowly taking away the beaker with the gin as well as his glass. It had over flowed. "This about tonight? Come on, it'll be fine. We'll lubricate it with some of Lestrade's real liqueur and those contraband cakes that Radar already has stashed away. We did the right thing. Brilliant idea. Fuck the MP's. Fuck your brother and every white collared arse who sent us here. Got the popcorn already in the mess, too bad we couldn't wrangle some real, honest to Christ Coca Cola from the Americans two weeks ago in that trade. Let's go to the movies, darling."
“Ah, of course. Right. Well,” He smiled tightly. “It’s time to get you home.”
"John,” There was urgency now. “I was standing with you, and I pulled you out of the way. Do you understand?"
“Good. Would be a waste,” John sipped at his tea looking out the parlor window to the garden.
I paused for a long moment, and then made the mistake of meeting his gaze. His dark gold eyes confused me, and I answered without thinking.
“Small, but shaped; sir-” Sherlock rocked his hips back against the stimulation. “
“Lie back, alright?” He pressed against Sherlock then, at his shoulders, and Sherlock scooted back onto the bed properly and lay back as asked.
“Sherlock. Stop it.” He came over to him and sat on the coffee table. Placing his tea back on the tray, he took Sherlock’s as well before taking his hands. “You,” John hesitated a moment before speaking again. “You don’t believe that, do you?”
"How did you get out of the way so fast? You were there, and then you were gone..."
“Sounds dangerous.”
this, and by god what a feeling that was. Gingerly, he rolled upright and then sat on his bottom groaning as the plug rolled over his prostate. He was going to have to deal with his erection or possibly embarrass himself at dinner.
"Framlingham must be a difficult place for you to live," he mused.
"I don't have friends," he explained.
"No. Well, yes, but not for the reasons you probably think.” I challenged.
~~~~~~
When we got to the house, Greg finally spoke. "Um... you'll need to call Ella." He hung his head, guilty.
Had I spoken out loud?
He could not stay away.
"No," I said. "I'll go ahead."
hooded cock was thick even relaxed. It lay softly over his testicles, the curled thatch of crimson to ebon hair wasn’t even remarkable next to such a specimen.  Beautiful. There was not another word capable of describing him. Supple clear skin, uninterrupted in its perfection.
John huffed a noncommittal noise at that. “Do you live on just biscuits too then? Who cares for you?”
He didn’t know how to feel. Letting someone close. “John-.”
"Yes, and also has a fiance back home, ta. Name is David. They're to get married her next leave. It wouldn't be what I want. Bit of a romp, yeah, but then, well, I just wouldn't feel right. I'll set my sights on someone else, thank you very much." He poured them both another drink and sat on his bunk kicking his legs up onto the bed and crossing them at the ankle. "God, let's call it a night while we can. Introspection later. Means we've not enough alcohol and too little sleep, this talk."
“You did what!”
Sherlock twisted in pleasure at the fullness as John’s fingers slid further into him to press against his prostate. His hips jerked in surprise causing him to thrust as his slender fingers twined through John’s sandy-silver hair. The doctor’s free hand that pressed him back into the mattress to steady him was calm and sure. He whimpered in delight, John’s beard tickling his thighs as he fucked into his mouth. Sherlock bucked against the dual pleasure, but John kept pressing him back against the bed.
"Do have a lovely Christmas dinner, brother."
“Thank you Greg, tell me, how long has your wife been cheating?”
Sherlock had returned to his flat the next day to collect himself. Captain John Watson, doctor turned professor- the crux of the whole situation, was blindsiding. The man was excessively clever in his own right, handsome in an unconventional way... and ex-military. Solidly built for his age, steady handed. Bluest eyes Sherlock had ever seen in person. He’d promised to go to dinner with the doctor, and he wanted to go to dinner with the doctor; but his memory kept pulling up Victor and Tobias. They were just... it hadn’t felt right. Even though they both had things that had drawn him in. At least Victor and he were still on speaking terms. Shaking his head, Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair; he had a date to get ready for.
See notes at end. Thanks!
it been since he last slept? “I don’t go out with... the others. Just studies.” He felt his cheeks flush as he caught the book before it could hit the carpet. “I’m sorry, sir.”
Why was I thinking like this? It had only been a couple of days since the Incident in the Kitchen with the Knife by Myself and I was going to meet his family and I'm already marrying him in my brain. Ridiculous romantic drivel. Though, if my life before coming here had been a dirge, now it was a waltz. Twirling, and colourful, full of life set at a pace where you can catch your breath, but only just.
The toy shifting with the movement was becoming maddening. “I can wait.” He dropped his head back down as he held on the counter. “I’d rather wait.”
"I came to spring you," He looked as if he wanted to laugh. “If you promise not to vomit on me.”
John made quick work of Sherlock’s clothing as well, throwing them in the same general direction before kneeling on the bed and running his hands, open palmed, along Sherlock’s body from shoulders to hips, to thighs, to knees. It was relaxing and nerve-wracking all in one. His body undulated with the touch as if it couldn’t stand to be parted with John’s hands. Maybe it was so.
“It’s just nerves,” Sherlock steadied himself and stopped his hands. “Adrenaline. Fight or flight response-”
“Let’s start with my pants.” This was not how he had envisioned John seeing his cock for the first time. Anyone for that matter. The thing was practically unimpressive at this point; just floppy extra skin and bits to get caught on things as the two grown men maneuvered and settled (the loose) boxers. He was slightly damp with sweat just from that small exertion and wanted to practically curse a blue streak as only John’s American friends could. “Ridiculous.”
"He... travels a lot. He plays footie for a living." I half-smiled.
Sherlock was standing at the foot of my bed, smirking. I glared at him. It would have been more easy to ogle. But that just wouldn’t do.
"So, Mr. Watson," Dr. Holmes said in a remarkably appealing voice, "how are you feeling?"
“Are you allowed- I mean, I would understand if it was something only Vulcans learned but, it was so beautiful. Deadly too I bet.”
The second time I most certainly did not faint was at his home. This, too, was In the Kitchen, but with a Glass Bowl and done by His Mother and it most certainly had nothing to do with bloodshed, but rather lack there of. And here I had though we had been dancing along quite smoothly, who knew I'd feel like I was cotton wooled again and react the way I did. It was no one's fault. Sherlock would even had called it logical if he wasn't the one worrying over me and barking at his father to help.
"John, I'm so sorry! I thought you were going to die! My fault! I hit the fucking shush wrong..."
“Who was the one who followed me?” The exchange was simple. True. He fucking missed this; the honest trade of words without all the bullshit of pandering. He turned in the small space and flicked on the kettle heater that was inset into the wall listening to Blackwood as he reminded him about needing to come in to overhaul the taxi he currently was using to make ends meet. Fuck the pension in his accounts. They could keep their money. “I don’t need one, she’s running right as rain, I promise.”
He didn’t know where he wanted to touch first. Eventually, the open halves called to him, reminding him that there was a wonder expanse of John that was bare to him. Sherlock gave in, raking his manicured nails along John’s back; digging in when John ran his mouth over his pulse and nipped at the tender skin beneath. Sherlock’s hips shuddered as he trembled almost violently, need coiling deep within him. He could feel John hard and frotting against his thigh. He knew then what he wanted. “No clothes. I want... not like this... nude. Naked. Skin, I want to feel your skin against mine, your cock hot against my thigh... not fabric.”
"Be careful," he warned as I struggled. "I believe you hit your head hard against the asphalt. You could have very serious damage."
Sherlock was correct.
"You don't know my family. Our history. I
"Mummy will be pleased to meet him then, when she arrives to visit, or had you forgotten that she would come to give her blessing to you while you are so close to the 'cottage'?"
“You’re alright, Sherlock. My dear, darling, wonderful boy.” John kissed at him; pet his hair as he spoke. “Take all the time you need then I will clean us both up, hmm? Does that sound nice?”
And lay it down before I'm beat
"What's for dinner?" he asked warily.
I checked the clock. I still had an hour, but my mom was well known for jumping the gun.
Sh’loc left the room; he could feel John’s eyes follow him almost to the ensuite door. It touched him emotionally in ways he’d not been previously. The warmth filled him and his pulse quickened at thoughts that involved his lips and John’s form coalesced into images- he had to take his time. He would ask John’s permission to court him if John seemed to welcome it. Which his gaze had given Sh’loc information, as did the meditation on his own mind, he did not want to be rash and give into the emotional side. It was a deep swift current that one could easily get swept into if not vigilant. It would not do, not until John agreed.
“How so?” He could feel his apprehension rise.
"I did say practically," He turned me then, closer, then claimed my lips.
He’d hang the fucking moon if John asked him to. “Yes, da-daddy.” Two became three just as the back of his knees hit the stable shoulders and he keened. Sherlock felt his body give; relax just that much more, allowing himself to be fucked by John’s ingenious fingers.
“Oh?” This brough John back into his ‘listening doctor’ mode. It made him smile just a little to watch the minute changes that overcame his doctor. How his thumb switched close to his pulse, his body leaned in towards the bed. Receptive again. “And what is the issue? Might need another scan, which I am sure they have scheduled-”
My morning classes were all rote now, so it was easy to take the notes that I needed and not worry. The one I had to pay attention in was maths, but I was sure I’d be able to handle it. Sally was great at showing me a few tricks her da had taught her, and they seemed to help too. By the time lunch came around, most of the quad was full of other kids dumping the slushy snow on one another. It did sort of look fun.
"No," I assured him. "I'm not going to the dance."
"Yea, Greg- Dad. Sorry. Dad’s doing.”
He didn’t need another complication though. No, he was fine just as he was.
Parched he reached for the cup beside him on the roll-a-way and found the cup in a still warm state... not quite tepid, meaning that it hadn’t been in the room lon. Mostly drank. Depressions on the right side of the styrofoam from meticulously filed nails. Wide bed, so male.
The rest of the night passed quietly and I fell asleep quickly. The rest of the week fell into place so that by Friday I was able to recognize, if not name, almost all the students at school. At the last class of the day with my new house, they were more respectful of my space even though it was rugby, because they knew I still was healing. It seemed as if Framingham might not be as terrible as I had worried it might be. There was only one thing that bothered me.
His other hand pulled down the sponge and pumped some soap. The lather smelled of mint and lemon; a bit of something sweet. John began slowly sudsing Sherlock’s body down as he slid his fingers almost regretfully away. He soaped him, the lather lush against his body. As John knelt, he swept his hands along Sherlock’s back; turned Sherlock around. Pulled his hips away from the wall. Spread him and let the foam slip down his cleft to drip from his testicles. He reverently washed his way down to Sherlock’s toes, taking care even there before slowly standing again.
I wish I could have taken the words back as soon as I had spoken them. It was wrong. I liked Sherlock, hell I had wet dreams about him. I knew where the hatred really lie. I drove home slowly, carefully, arguing with myself the whole way. He remained quiet but his eyes never left me. Half way home I decided to make Shepard's pie for dinner; no leftovers tonight. The cooking would stop me from internally berating myself the whole time and keep my hands busy for reasons I didn't want to look to closely at. As I opened the door, my mobile chirruped, startling us both and breaking the heavy silence that had come between us.
“Sir, I feel exposed.” John hugged him momentarily before relaxing his arms again.
"My sister is here to pick me up." His eyes strayed to the window behind my shoulder. "I need to go."
"You have fun with Philip," I encouraged. "Leave me alone with my misery."
It was hard to concentrate on anyone thread of thought. The soft buzzing in his head, from either medication or concussion, made it difficult. The slight ring in his ear wasn’t doing him any favours either. Sherlock sighed, breathing in as far as he could before exhaling and tried listening to his surroundings. Whirs, buzzes, simple grey noise expected in an urban hospital. Voices.
I walked to Biology with more confidence when, by the end of lunch, he still hadn't showed. MIKE walked faithfully by my side to class going on about how sweet Molly was. I held my breath, tensing as we went through the door, but Sherlock wasn't there. I exhaled and went to my seat, relaxing. Mike followed, talking about an upcoming trip to the beach and whether or not he should officially ask Molly as a date or just as a friend. Relationships. He lingered by my desk till the bell rang.
The mugger looks at him dumbfounded. Sighing to himself, John clocks him out cold for someone else to clean up. Why him? He kept wandering down the hall to the express to take him to the garage for his level. Seemed like trouble was always dogging his steps. With a grimace, John took a deep breath, found his cab, and got settled in it.
I was positive it was his 'doctor' voice; the type meant to soothe.
Someone who confused and bewildered him, in the best of ways. John felt his heart beat just a little faster.
“No, not really,” She leaned closer to him and dropped her voice. “But I’ve seen enough lads come home to know some friendships... blossom... into more.”
He exhaled and smiled a little to himself as he made his way into the kitchen and the old fashioned hob under the window. John busied himself with the task and set them up a proper tea while Sherlock meditated quietly in the parlor.
, sir. Please.”
“But I have.” His hands felt like they were on fire and his chest felt tight. “Caring isn’t an advantage, it’s a hinderance and only allows you to become vulnerable, sir.”
“Good,” The doctor inhaled as if to say something but stopped, a warm amused expression crossing his face. “You know, this is, well it’s rather lovely isn’t it?”
“Beautiful... this is... if it’s too much-” John was growing thick, but not hard, against him. His cock lazily aroused but still seated against Sherlock’s still mostly flaccid but twitching cock. “Want to take care of you.”
. Not panicking and half-hard erections. Not losing control of oneself. These
When had that happened?
Sherlock didn't come back to school.
Could be due to the darkened setting of his room, the intimacy of the of the night always seemed to change people. Could be that John didn’t want to wake him, worried he might lose the ability to continue the gesture of their tangled fingers. Sherlock just pressed into that touch and reaffirmed the place of his fingers by squeezing them more tightly together before relaxing again.
The words were rapid fire between them at this point. As one finished, the other began. John could almost not believe his ears. Almost. Ears!
I vividly remembered how pale he had been, the flat dark under his gorgeously dark eyes the last time he'd glared at me. The color was striking against the background of his skin and his auburn hair. Today, his eyes were a completely different color: a strange almost-grey, lighter than the moody sky that currently brooded over us, but with the same sort of silvery washed tone. I didn't understand. Contacts maybe. I looked down towards the lino, my ears hot now too, at the thought. Here I was blushing over Sherlock Holmes.
He was fine. Mentally intact. Just mentally drained due to his body needing so much diverted to heal. Soon enough, he’d be back to full running speed and the oddness would pass.
His gaze became appraising. "It is. You though, you are... a mystery." he said slowly. “I'd be willing to bet that you're suffering more than you let anyone see. Am I wrong?"
without that ever-present hate
“Yes.” It was hard to speak. Everything felt crimson and floaty yet sharp. “Please, sir.”
Greg surprised me by looking upset.
“Ah, yes, it did allow you to come to Starfleet.” John ignored the pull at his stomach of emotions, though faint, were not his.
"But now you're unhappy," he pointed out.
“Just transport? That is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard.” John was upset, his fingers gripping at Sherlock’s hands a bit tighter. “You can’t just... divorce yourself from your body. It’s not possible.”
"Am I annoying you?" he asked. He sounded amused.
He made a small noise and brushed hard against my throat as he returned the slow grind. I could feel the temptation of teeth against it as Sherlock breathed heavily, his own hum of satisfaction felt against my chest, but nothing came of it as he changed direction to fully own my mouth in the most wonderful of ways. Our bodies found a rhythm, nothing to rough, but earnest, as my hands roamed his back and his halo of curls. God, if that didn't feel wonderful. Sherlock's own finding their own way to my hips, then my arse, then back up again to brush against my chest. I finally gathered the courage and loosely wrapped a leg around his thigh. I whispered between us, the words coming out of my mouth were only his to know. Sherlock buried his nose at my throat and exhaled against my skin.
"If Ir'ene has chosen another possible mate, she may be choosing the right of
She tilted her head, the soft smile staying as if to comfort him. “I’m sure your friend is fine, no one here but us ducks.”
“Things are off, with my vision. Haloing and slightly blurred?” Better to ignore the forwardness. “John, he-”
“John.” Sherlock kissed against the deep thrum of John’s heart and snugged back into his embrace. “It was... I am sorry though... You didn’t-”
I saw, Sherlock's head tilt fractionally my direction as I spoke. Interesting.
"John?" my father called out when he heard me on the stairs. Who else? I thought to myself.
"I'm fine," I said, even as I felt Sherlock watching me.
Philip finally looked at me and grimaced, his voice sounding thin. "Sally asked me to the dance."
and I can take or leave it if I please.
Sherlock nodded then, dropping the towel along the foot of John’s bed, and kneeled up onto the mattress. His whole body felt electric. “Like this?” He turned, looked back and gingerly sat over John’s extended legs, his cock nestled against John’s thighs.
Sherlock whispered John’s name over and over as the languid thrusts filled him. The pleasure of it all. Hedonistic and primal; the way John was rutting into him even as his lips stayed light and whispered endearments against his flushed skin. Sherlock’s own fingers twined around John’s as he canted his hips fucking their hands. Being fucked by John. It was the closest to... perfection... that Sherlock had ever felt. The frisson heat running through him like fire in his veins as his muscles twitched against the intrusion of John’s cock. His testicles drawing close. The tremor that began in his thighs burning upward, low into his belly as John cupped their hands at the cusp of him.
Molly turned dumbly to face her escort out of the building, busy tapping away at her blackberry.
"Slide three?" I held out my hand without looking at him.
No one had asked me that, not even Greg. I looked up curiously and met those piercing eyes.
Less than a minute later he received a reply.
The grocer was busy, surprisingly so, but I was able to navigate it as easily as a Woolworths so that was nice. It helped to do something familiar to clear my thoughts of the day I had just had. After I was off to the butcher for some mince, sausages, and chicken. Provisions all purchased I headed home and began boiling water and heating a pan with chopped carrots and a small onion. It felt good to be in a warm kitchen. I stuffed the rest of the perishables in the refrigerator and everything else in the nooks and crannies I could fine. I’d have to clean out the cabinets, but that could be saved for a day I was in particularly foul-mood. When I was finished with that, I took my knapsack upstairs. Before starting my homework, I changed into a pair of dry sweats, and checked my e-mail for the first time in a few days. I had three messages. All from mum.
“The compositional elements of his DNA chain are the same as ours, there are simply more of them tightly packed. His knowledge is probably limitless...” The scientist looked on in awe of the DNA chains as they scrolled across his screen. He looked as if he were a man that had been dying in the desert that had just been given water. “The cell that is still viable is, for lack of a better word, perfect.”
“I don’t want a million. I’ve had multiple world’s of choice... I just want one.” He sighed as he thought of a warm supple body he could hold. “A perfect one.”
A trip to the mass transporter with all their gear and a few moments later they were at the Starfleet Embassy in London. After scanning their bracelets in, they took the old subway system to Baker Street. It was marvelous. Sherlock was full of information about the system, which parts still were running, the history. All he could do was say brilliant and amazing or ask questions to broaden his own understanding of the cultural significance. It was true he was raised in his later years in Glasgow, but they’d never made the trip to London. His mother was very happy to hear of him going and he told Sherlock as much. The young man just quietly smiled.
Sherlock wanted to stand, but he didn’t want to lose the contact of John’s hands. That was ridiculous. His mind rattled something about ‘skin-hunger’ and he blustered back internally. He didn’t need anyone. This accidental meeting was supposed to possibly be a lark, a first experience with a man that just so happened to hit every single button. Like Christmas, a present just for him. For once in his life something so illogically random that seemed... perfect.
"I think I can keep up," he pressed.
“Of course, Doctor.”
I couldn't fathom his acceptance, it had seemed so easy. He continued to stare at me with penetrating eyes, as if my life's story was somehow vitally important, yet his face had definitely softened into something almost kind.
“What you are going to do darling, is drop that towel and come straddle me. Facing my feet.”
It took every ounce of my concentration to make it down the icy brick driveway alive. I almost lost my balance, but I managed to cling to the old cane Greg had left out for me. Greg had left for work before I had even got downstairs, but he still was looking after me. It was really nice, highly polished dark wood, but I was seventeen. Not some old dotty man for chrissakes. Clearly, today was going to be nightmarish, but needs must. I distracted myself from my fear of falling and my unwanted speculations about Sherlock Holmes by thinking about anything but him and concentrating on not falling on my arse and breaking a hip. Then I'd really be buggered. My throat suddenly felt tight. I wasn't used to being taken care of, and Greg's unspoken concern caught me by surprise.
"Oh, okay." I nodded as I righted myself to stand fully on my own again.
“No, mum and dad are both off world for the moment... Sherlock, um, question.”
"Really?"
Lost in his thoughts, Sherlock didn’t hear the door open, but he did hear the small tsking noise and feel John’s hand at his hip. “Alright, love?” John oozed concern.
When I opened my eyes in the morning, something was different. It was the light. I jumped up to look outside, and then groaned as I took in the whitened the road. But that wasn't the worst part. All the rain from yesterday had frozen solid making the driveway a deadly ice slick, all glimmering and terrifying. I had enough trouble not falling down since my injury; I would have to be careful today.
"John," Whispering my name against my skin, his lips followed where his fingers had been, his hand now roaming along my shoulder, down my arm. "There are things, about myself, I am selfish. I meant what I said about it being dangerous-"
By Friday, I tried not to think about him; it was obvious that he had no intention of coming back and there wasn’t even a rumor of where he had gone. So much for fixing whatever it was that had set him off the day we had met.
Post Script:
At least I got to see his face one more time. If only it could have been a millisecond before he registered what he was about to see. Could have maybe been something. Maybe.
“Alright.”
Molly Hooper stood in a bland office, London fog just visible outside the high rise windows. In front of her was a large oaken desk.
John’s hand was on him.
"Sausages and mash?" I answered.
The mugger’s eyes twitched as if he’d had a bit too much of the synth ‘happiness’ upper; his whole body was full of minute movements actually now that John turned a keen eye onto the man. He sighed internally and watched the
“A-” Sheer surprise filled John’s words. “Oh, darling, you shouldn’t have. Beautiful lad. All this time?”
Also, Sherlock Holmes wasn't in school at all.
“It is.” John responded as he pushed Sherlock into the shower.
"Have I heard of him?" he asked, smiling in response.
Mr Gregson nodded. "Were you in an advanced placement program of some sort previously?"
"I'll wheel you out?" Sherlock said smugly.
“Doesn’t exist, Doc.” The laugh was once again warm.
“It was a lucky guess.” He could feel the warmth radiate off of John’s cheeks.
Sherlock sat up more as John raised the head of the hospital bed and then lowered the whole towards the floor; the mechanics whirred loudly in the otherwise quiet private room. It stopped just before Sherlock’s feet hit the cool lino. John had laid out a track suit and undergarments. The material felt soft under his fingers. He looked over John’s shoulder to the corner that the nurse occupied. She must have slipped out quietly just before John came in and he had dozed.
“Good, there’s my darling.” Wet nipping kisses dropped along Sherlock’s neck. “So very good. Need to hear you.” The wand slid around at his hip, then his cleft once again, warm and hard; his body twitching minutely as John caressed him slowly with his free hand to stop at Sherlock’s bicep and gently hold there. “Bear down, love. Relax for me again.”
Calm down. I'm writing right now. Don't do anything rash.
"That doesn't sound so complex," he disagreed, but he was suddenly sympathetic. "When did that happen?"
He nodded, but I felt him beginning to withdraw. "You need to tend to that. I need to go home. Now."
My assessment was confident. "Cellulose."
"Yes, I am. And you’re Sherlock?” I managed to speak without my voice breaking. “How’d you know?”.
Fluff. Insanity. Abuse of Author's ability to reference multiple things within one chapter.
He turned his head a fraction toward me without meeting my gaze, nodded once, and then looked the other way. "Fine, John." It sounded normal, but also strained.
Critical thinking, he said, understanding what everyone gave off in everyday life, how to filter it. Distill it to its finest points. These are things he lived for. I wondered if he would one day be a D.I., like dad. Maybe a pathologist. Two doctors, wouldn't that be something.
“Oh, fighting for him now, are we?” John quipped back, the tight smile across his lips just this side of too calm. “Letting him see you fired up this way for your little tête-à-tête later? This putting wind in your sails, Philip? Come on, Holmes, let's get you properly settled-”
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was calm, but just above a whisper.
John let go with one hand and reached out slowly, giving him ample time to move, yet he did not. His short fingers caressed at Sherlock’s jaw as a soft smile crossed his face.
“Sir? Perhaps you should get some rest? Your doctor will be here after a while.”
; wanted John. John’s breath at his collar as he worked Sherlock open... just for him.
I glanced at him without thinking and told the truth again. "Not exactly. I'm more annoyed at myself. I have apparently been doing a horrible job of... it doesn’t matter.” I frowned.
"Actually, Greg, I was wondering if I may have John up to ours this weekend? To meet everyone?" Sherlock looked completely sincere, almost formal. "And if I may escort him to the dance?"
"Have you done this lab before?" he asked.
"They... the kids... are a little different. They don't seem to fit in very well at school."
