Agatha released Wanda and stepped back, smoothing her skirt. "I was in the neighborhood and thought I would see how my old student was doing. I've sensed an increase in ambient chaos energy in New York recently, and I wanted to make sure that it hadn't affected you."
His vision was coming back into focus now, and he could see Sin smiling down at him, all freckles and innocent-looking dimples.  "No," she said, "but that will change.  You'll beg me to kill you before I'm through with you.  You," she jerked her chin at her men.  "Grab the other two.  We're taking them with us.  Daddy did so much for you," she continued, pressing the knife harder into Sam's throat until he had to lean his head back as far as it would go to keep it from breaking his skin.  One scratch, and the snake venom she'd poisoned James with would be in his bloodstream.  "He gave you powers, the opportunity to serve a greater cause despite your inferior background, and you rejected it."
"Vividly. Just think about how angry it will make them to know that Captain America is fucking a guy." He said the words deliberately, not bothering to soften it with a euphemism. "Maybe we shouldn't have kept it secret in the first place." He'd been made forcibly aware over the past year of how much the actions of a single individual could affect the entire superhero community, the entire country; people listened to him, even when he didn't want them to. Maybe for once he could use that for a good cause and not have it backfire painfully.
"So," Pepper said, her voice serious and businesslike, "do you want me to call a press conference for tomorrow, or do you just want to walk into the meeting Tuesday unannounced and break the news then? And if you're going to do that, can I watch?"
"She said I did the right thing." Tony's voice was quiet, and his gaze was fixed firmly on his hands. "I don't remember most of it. Ben Urich was there, I think. I don't know. That entire week is sort of a blank. She probably thinks I owed her one; there were things she could have printed that she kept quiet about."
him this way... that and the fact that he could still wear the armor, still be Iron Man, were what made not reaching for the bottle of whisky he still kept in his desk drawer possible.
Tony collapsed into one of the chairs like a puppet whose strings had been cut, burying his face in his hands with a groan and not seeming to notice Steve's presence. He looked exhausted suddenly, his slumped shoulders making the line of his spine stand out clearly, and Steve felt both vaguely guilty for his prurient thoughts a moment ago and intensely awkward, knowing that he was seeing a moment that Tony believed was private.
"In the name of the All-Seeing Agamotto, all thy powers I summon." The magic came in a rush, like light flooding into a room when curtains were pulled back, until he could feel it thrumming within and around him, so vast that the sweetness of wielding it came near the edge of pain.
"No, no, it's great. I mean, it's okay," Peter managed. "I know if it was MJ in here I'd be a complete wreck." He edged closer to the bed, really looking at Tony for the first time. He was staring at Steve as if hypnotized, eyes wide and horrified. "What did this thing do to him?"
"At last!" Doom cried, turning away from them as if they'd ceased to exist.  "What took you so long?  Never mind, just bring it to me."
They weren’t the only same-sex couple here.  They were just the one the most people were looking at.
Jan just stared at her for a moment, unable to think of an answer.  She couldn’t remember the name of the hospital they’d taken him to.  Some wife she was – flying out while her husband was still on the table in the emergency room and not even bothering to mark where she’d left him.   Ex-husband.  Boyfriend.  Whatever he was.
"So do I." Though since magic or something like it had given him back Steve, and brought Clint and Thor back as well, it might be worth rethinking that stance.
"Jan suggested the Pym particles angle in the first place." Hank shook his head, and tapped the computer screen with two fingers. "I don't think you're really grasping how revolutionary this could be. It's too big to sit on. It's also months away from being ready for any kind of publication. Less than a dozen test subjects is far too small a sample to reliably extrapolate from, and..."
No one had an answer to that one, unfortunately. Sam and Jan were already leaving the foyer, Jan pulling Wanda along behind her. Wanda seemed dazed; Tony wondered how much of Agatha's drugged tea she had drunk, or if she was just too shocked by her old teacher's betrayal to focus on anything else.
"I know," Tony said. "She already did. She thinks accepting Loki's help would have been a bad idea."
"Wait, they're true? You and Simon's new boyfriend actually-" Clint made a vague hand gesture that could have encompassed anything from sex to Parcheesi.
Tony shook his head again, the motion jerky. "Communications equipment. Aircraft engines. Medical equipment. Not weapons systems or munitions. Not anymore. I couldn't let them keep my technology. I couldn't. I had to get it back or destroy it, or- or bad things would have happened. People would have died. Because of me. I had to stop it. I
He knew why the team left him behind, out of the action; he was the one who had insisted on it, in the face of Clint's earnest and well-meaning attempts to get him back into costume. Being Yellowjacket again would make it too easy to fall back into old, bad habits. In costume, in the field, he'd be a liability. Back in the lab, as support staff, he could be an asset.
"I thought you looked very pretty," Steve said sweetly, smirking down at Tony. Now that Tony was no longer actually
"I could have forbade him to answer Avengers priority alerts until things had been... dealt with. What if the fight the other day-"
Tony weighed barely anything; Steve could have thrown him off easily. He didn't, though he knew he ought to. Tony's weight was resting directly on top of Steve's groin, probably not by accident, and the position had the possibility to become very interesting, very quickly.
Steve jerked upright, his hand going for his shield even as he recognized Carol’s voice.  Despite the number of fights and crises he’d been through in the past 48 hours, his body still had enough adrenaline left to set his heart racing.   “Carol.  Don’t sneak up on me.”
He didn't look as different as Steve had expected. His nose was a fraction more delicate, his chin a little more pointed, but he still had the same angular cheekbones and full lips, the same slightly-wavy dark hair, cut just a tiny bit too long in a way that looked too careless not to be expensively deliberate. Now, though, the same cut had suddenly become very short. It gave him - her? - a faintly gamine look.
"You shouldn't ask questions you don't really want the answers to." Tony sighed, and offered a half-truth. "I didn't order any assassinations as head of SHIELD." It was technically true, if not the whole truth. If Steve wanted to know more, he was perfectly capable of pushing Tony until he told him. Which Tony would do, eventually. Now, though, he was tired, and it was late, and Steve had spent half the evening wrist deep in a friend's blood. And once Steve knew, he would never look at Tony quite the same way again – most of the things he had done had come out in the Senate investigation, but there was always more. The blood on his hands wasn't going to wash off with soap and water. "I didn't ask many questions when Dugan asked for permission to do things 'the Nick Fury way', but I didn't give him any orders that violated SHIELD's official protocol."
Loki was standing dead center in the lobby, her feet planted in the middle of the silvery design – some kind of electrical diagram – inlaid in the marble floor. Dark-uniformed security guards and a dozen or so men and women in business attire were clustered nervously against the walls, staring at her.
He was conscious, she saw with a wash of relief.  His face was twisted with pain, fingers clawing at the ground and heels scraping across the pavement as he fought to breathe.  Sin had hit him hard, hard enough that Wanda had half-expected to find his ribcage distorted and crushed.  Instead, it looked normal, which meant the desperate gasping sounds he was making weren't from collapsing lungs.
Wanda was still frozen at the top of the steps, staring down at them all, her face still and tense. She reached up with one hand and touched the hood of her cloak, as if to adjust it, then let her hand drop.
"It's just gone up on TIME's website," Tony said. He was silent for a moment, presumably reading, then winced. "Fuck, Steve, I'm so, so sorry. I swear I checked for cameras. I'm sorry. I'll deny everything if you want me to."
Jan nodded, slowly. "What made you change your mind? I thought you were angrier at her than any of us." Tony had blamed himself. Steve too, in a quieter sort of way. Simon hadn't wanted to discuss it, and those first few weeks immediately afterwards, Hank had alternated between trying — endlessly and aloud — to figure out how they could have prevented Ultron from taking over Vision and shutting himself in his lab and speaking only to his specimen tanks. Carol had laid all the blame squarely at Wanda's feet.
It was supposed to have been a fresh start. A new heart, to replace the cybernetic one. A new liver. A new
Jan was mildly impressed at his self-control; if she had been in his position, if it had been Hank's death and return Byrne was so unsubtly implying to be a set-up, she wasn't sure she wouldn't have hit him. "I can assure you, it wasn't something we could have possibly planned for. You can tell your paper that we won't be giving any more interviews if Registration or what happened to Steve is all you're interested in discussing. We've said all we have to say on those subjects, and I'm sure people are tired of hearing about them."
Steve vetoed that with a head shake.  "No, you're staying here, too.  He wanted you as well as the book."
Old Shellhead was a lot tougher than he was. He'd expended a lot of time and effort making it that way.
"If you want," Don said quietly, after Jarvis had left, "I can run the same tests on you that I did on Wanda. If you're worried about dying and coming back, or about being exposed to Chthon in Transia."
He hadn't intended to come here. He hadn't intended to be in New York at all, but the ravens had brought Thor word of a tall, black-haired woman who had appeared in a burst of light in midtown Manhattan. The ravens declined to speak to him the majority of the time, and their counsel was not to be trusted, but the possibility that Sif was in New York was not one he could afford to overlook.
The Wasp would be willing to tell him, but the prospect of asking her was unsatisfying. He wanted to hear the admission of deceit from Tony's own lips. He was the one whose betrayal had struck the deepest; Hank had been ill, in the past, in ways that interfered with his judgment. Tony, whom he and Don Blake had both accounted a close friend, had no such excuse.
Okay, Steve probably couldn't actually fit both hands around Tony's waist, but that didn't mean that the urge to try wasn't there.
He could feel the tightness and pressure in his temples and behind his eyes that signaled the beginnings of a headache, despite the fact that he'd barely used a fraction of Extremis's capabilities. It wasn't painful enough yet to indicate a real problem, though, or to hinder him in any meaningful way, so he connected to Fury's private line, the one he wasn't supposed to have the number to, and waited.
"I?  I don't want anything from you.  The time for bargains between us has come and gone."  Her voice was poisonously sweet.  "You, my dear step-brother, are my bride-gift for my new consort."
"It's too late," she said, between gritted teeth.  "Chthon's not confined to the cathedral anymore.  He's possessed someone, I can feel it."
There was an awkward pause, during which Tony did not point out that the Avengers Mansion was, technically speaking,
Luckily for Carol and Sam, Tony had gotten to back to the Tower just in time to drop off his bags, change into a suit that wasn't wrinkled, and dash out the door for the Meridian. They had made it with seconds to spare, only to find that Byrne was apparently running late.
One of the scientists was sniveling under a workbench, begging for his life. As she turned to leave the room, there was another rattle of gunfire, and the noise thankfully stopped.
"Alas not. However, I was able to convince some of Loki's allies in Asgard to divulge certain pieces of information about his plans to me, information sufficiently troubling that I felt it best to halt my search and return here to warn you." Thor turned back to Tony, expression grave. "Iron Man, you must be very careful. The spell placed on you was intended to do more than simply transform me into a woman. Loki's actions appeared spontaneous, but he had been planning this attack for some time."
Wanda crossed her arms, the fabric of her blouse wrinkling, and said stiffly, "There's evil, and there's Chthon."
In biology, unexpected results meant new avenues to explore, rather than "somewhere within these millions of lines of code is an error to be found and fixed."
The spear in her hand crumbled to dust, the chunk of melted slag that had once been a narrow, wicked-looking spear-head hitting the ground with a dull clang.
Tony let go of Steve and pulled back, looking him directly in the eye. His eyes, at least, hadn't changed. They were still the same shade of grayish blue they had always been. "Steve," he said, voice low and husky, "nothing with you could be casual."
"That isn't very reassuring," Wanda said. It was true, though; most practitioners of chaos magic were malicious tricksters like Loki or worshippers of Chthon.
loose end has been tied up, but this is Marvel, and they never are – there's always room left open to lead into another event.
Peter didn't have to go as far as he expected to locate MJ. She was at the nurses' station, arguing with the nurse Peter had talked to earlier. "Look, I promise I'm not a reporter."
Cap sat down abruptly, hands over his face. There was a sudden flutter outside the window as Redwing took off, probably to go fetch Sam.
He wasn’t sure how long he’d essentially hidden in Wanda’s room before Nick had come and personally dragged him off to be debriefed, or how long said debriefing had taken, but it felt as if he’d been on the helicarrier for hours.  Days.  There'd been a prepared media statement from SHIELD and a press conference somewhere in there, too, with more slanted questions about superpowers and public safety than he'd been able to listen to right now.  By the time he’d made his way back to the infirmary, Tony had been out of surgery.
Tony’s lips stretched into something that might have been a smile.  “You’re a terrible liar.”  He hadn’t had a chance to shave in the past twenty-four hours, and dark stubble blurred the edges of his goatee, stark against pale skin.  All traces of the gold underarmor were gone, reabsorbed back into wherever it went when the armor shut down.
"Stop it," he snapped, trying to jerk his chin free from her grip.  Her fingers tightened to the point of pain, and he forced himself to hold still.  "We both know you're not attracted to me or Thor."  The sexual harassment disturbed his other self enough that Don felt his own skin crawl at her touch.  The dark hair that brushed his face could almost have been Sif's, if it hadn't smelled of dank caves and woodsmoke.  "What do you want, Loki?"
If Wanda hadn't know what was in the artist's portfolio he carried slung over one shoulder, she might have been fooled into thinking that he was some ordinary citizen who'd stumbled into the Night Nurse's clinic by accident. Then Tony and Sam appeared in the doorway behind him, flanking him – Tony on the left, in the spot where a left-handed person would do the most good in a fight, and Sam on the right, his eyes glinting gold in the hard fluorescent lighting – and the illusion was shattered.
There was a single piece of paper in the middle of the drafting board, one edge damp and distinctly chewed-looking. "I bet this was important, too." Clint tried to flatten it out with his free hand, with limited success, and the writing on it caught his eye.
"I didn't tell him what it was from," Tony admitted. "I said I thought it was in the Bible somewhere. Knowing C.S. Lewis, it probably is. Steve never read the whole series; he read the first book, and then Hank told him how the last one ended, so he didn't bother with the rest of them." At least Steve had been spared the experience of getting most of the way through the entire series before discovering that Narnia was all a lie. Tony had met very few fellow science fiction fans who didn't loathe
Oh, God, what was he supposed to say? He'd never been all that good at comforting people or other things which required tact, and this was
"I have come to deliver a message to my stepbrother," she was proclaiming, in a voice that echoed off the high ceiling.
"Some kind of technological virus called the Extremis rewrote his entire body about six months ago," Cap told her. "And he's got part of his armor stored inside his bones. You said he's awake? Is he okay?"
Tony stood up abruptly, his chair nearly toppling over – he grabbed for it, gripping the hard wooden back tightly for a moment. "I'm not doing this right now," he forced out.
"Loki's still more of a known quantity than Chthon is," Tony countered. "Yes, obviously, she'll try to stab us in the back, but if she helps us defeat Chthon first, then whatever treachery we have to deal with afterwards will be the lesser of two evils. We're majorly outclassed in terms of magical firepower right now." He turned to Steve, who could be counted on to be practical when it came to tactics. "You saw what Chthon did to Strange. If we try and fight both him and Loki at the same time, we're going to lose both battles."
Tony was probably exhausted from his week in DC, Steve told himself. Left to his own devices, he probably hadn't been getting enough sleep. Steve could sympathize; he hadn't slept in over twenty-four hours now, and his eyes felt gritty and tired. He'd expected to be sleeping with Tony again last night.
Wanda reached out to poke tentatively at one of the cat's front feet, then snatched her hand back as he swiped at her. "He has an extra toe on his front foot. I never noticed that before." Then, to the cat, "Hello, kitty, are you a mutant too? Yes, you are. An angry mutant."
Sam took two long steps forward and reached up, letting her lock her hands around his forearms. Unlike Tony and Carol, he didn't have any independent means of propulsion; his hard-light wings allowed him to glide, but not take off from a standing start. He needed a tall building or someone to act as a tow plane.
"So it's not your heart?" The swell of relief was almost as nauseating as the fear had been. "Then what is it? And don't to pretend nothing's wrong. You look like you've been given a death sentence."
Tony stared at him, the amusingly flabbergasted expression on his face more than worth surrendering a few blackmail-worthy details about Steve's past. "A six foot, three inch tall woman. And people actually fell for that?"
"Steve," Tony said, quietly. "Don't make me spell out how stupid I was." He looked up again, eyes hollow behind the smeared mascara. "Maybe it wasn't even him. Maybe nothing actually happened, and it's all in my head; hell, I can't even remember. I just know he was there, that night, and- stop looking at me like that. It's not like anyone did anything to me; I did it all to myself. I'm the one who let myself get that out of control. I'm the one who handed control over my body over to someone else, and before you say anything," he held his hands up, palms out, "yes, I know exactly how lucky I was. Hank gave me the lecture when he ran the blood tests on me."
Steve felt himself grinning, even though he knew Tony was completely serious. If he asked, Tony could probably tell him the exact amount of weight each individual suspension cable on the bridge was supporting. "All right, then," Steve agreed easily. "It dropped you two hundred and seventy-six feet straight down into the river. Come back to my place and let me take a look at you."
"Damn," Hank said softly.  He leaned back against the wall, his gaze going from Don to some unknown point off in space.  "I think Tony was right.  I thought he was just delusional from stress."
The words didn't matter — it was the intent behind them that incinerated the tentacles around Sin, engulfing them in eye-searing white light and forcing them back through the crack in reality that they'd slithered through.
Steve looked up from where Tony’s hand lay in his – his fingers and palm were callused, rough with tiny, healed burns, and even long fingers and an expensive manicure never quite managed to make his hands look elegant.  “Take a look?”
Deep fried twinkies could wait until later. Agatha would, she imagined, be considerably less amused by them than Jarvis was.
Sam wasn't sure it had as much to do with the recent Registration mess as it did the fact that superheroes showing up in the middle of a building evacuation had never been taken as a positive sign by most New Yorkers.
He'd seen it on the news, when he'd been on his way to Transia; Steve falling, blood dark on the shoulder of his costume, and Sharon going to her knees next to him, and then a crowd of SHIELD personnel swarming in, their bodies blocking the camera shot. Actually being there, the way Sam had, would have been worse.
"You need to do something about Thor and Hank and Tony," Sam said in an undertone, following Steve's gaze to where Tony sat staring into space. Wanda sat next to him, looking as if she were debating putting one gloved hand on his arm; she seemed to wear her gloves more often since her return, even, as now, when she wasn't in costume.
"He probably did, but that sounds almost too convenient to be true. I wanted to believe it wasn't her, that she wouldn't do that to us, and so I couldn't trust the part of me that wanted to believe her, especially not when everyone else was accepting it all so easily. Simon doesn't do suspicious well, but if he lets himself believe it's really her, and then it's not... And I can't tell him what Clint told me. There are some things he doesn't need to hear."
"I think Wanda's been settling in well," Steve said, as he slowly circled to the right – as attempts to distract Tony went, he had to admit, it was a decent try.
Doom had the control panel partially removed now, and was up to his wrists in Tony's carefully designed circuitry.  Thor was halfway across the room now, the shattered frames of two Doombots littering the floor behind him, but not close enough to stop him from triggering the door release.
Steve nodded sharply. "Right. Everyone suit up. I doubt will have much of a window before she gets here."
"No," Steve agreed. "He shouldn't." Zemo's Masters of Evil had sent Jarvis to the emergency room the last time they'd visited the mansion. Jarvis shouldn't have to do a second's worth of extra work on their account.
Agatha added another spoonful of sugar to her tea, nodding sympathetically. "Stephen can be very intimidating. He holds himself to an impossible standard and expects everyone else to follow it. I suspect it's why he usually doesn't take pupils."
Sam hadn't been there for the last time they had fought Chthon, or the time before that. Steve had done his best to brief him on what had happened each time, but he wasn't sure how well he understood the link between Wanda and Chthon himself.
They were supposed to be temporary, but it was looking more and more as if Henry's flight powers, at least, were going to stick permanently. He'd actually looked kind of spooked when the Initiative scientists had explained that — it had made Carol like him just a little bit more.
Tony tightened his grip on the violently struggling woman in his arms, ignoring the lingering dizziness and raw ache in his lungs that made each breath an effort. Jan was there like magic, probably evidence that he still wasn't tracking completely straight, and then the woman went limp, the black coating melting away to reveal a torn and rumpled business suit and short blonde hair spiky with the remains of the dissolving symbiote-substance.
"Fine. The autopilot kicked before that happened. That's what it's there for." Tony paused, then added, "This is going to take forever to fix. I don't even want to look at the quinjet."
Steve probably ought to be saying something, asking questions, or off helping the police with the newly recaptured Masters of Evil, like a responsible team leader ought to. He wasn't contributing anything here; unlike Hank, Strange, Don, and Wanda, he had no scientific or magical knowledge.
"Tony?" Jan was hovering by the table now - figuratively, in this instance, not literally. "What happened? I saw the two of you talking to Harry Saunders. Was he hitting on you?" She shook her head, making a face. "Stay away from him. He's a jackass. He tries to pick up women at parties because nobody can stand to talk to him unless large amounts of alcohol are involved."
Then, when his teammates were safe once more, he would be the one to break their bargain.  There would be a penalty, for deliberately breaking one's word was not a thing to be done lightly — men would call him oathbreaker, and he would know the words for truth — but honor ceased to be honor if a man held it more dear than his shieldbrothers' lives.
Tony watched Clint leave, then turned to Steve. "I'm not used to taking days off. I was bored." He looked up at Steve, offering him a smirk. "You said you'd stay here and distract me."
Stepping back from Tony was the last thing he wanted to do, but he made himself do it, trying to will his hardening erection away.
And, damnit, he'd thought he was over this, past holding everyone he was attracted to up to Steve like he was some kind of paragon. Just because he'd been Tony's best friend, just because he was as close to physically perfect as humanly possible, just because he'd been the one to come for Tony when he was at his worst, to try and get through to him...
He would be a terrible parent. Half the time, these days, it seemed to Tony that he could barely take care of himself, let alone another person. Not that it was going to matter, because regardless of whether or not he was taking the coward's way out, there was no way he could go through with this.
Ghosts, he thought, and the way Tony didn't want Cap to touch him, and he wouldn't talk to him, and the way he had been staring at him...
"He always does Gene Kelly songs, even though he's really too big to dance like that. He does pretty well for the first minute or so, but then he always ends up tripping over his own feet. I think he gets embarrassed by the imaginary audience in his head." And, all right, she'd just as good as admitted that she'd been spying on Steve's training sessions for years, but really, who could blame her?
There had to be somewhere he could get a tuxedo in the right size and cut; this was New York, after all.
Sin continued to laugh, flickers of energy spider-webbing over her skin like white lightning.  "Do you imagine your pathetic schemes and quarrels concern me?  Your minion is no more, Victor von Doom.  Only I remain."
His briefcase and armor were back in Steve's room, where he'd left them last night. As he turned to go fetch them, Steve right on his heels, he saw Hank still standing by the stairs, indecision obvious in every line of his body.
"Leave me be," Thor ordered. "You will find no willing ear here for your lies." He turned his back to the windows, knowing it would infuriate her, and went to the fireplace to kick ashes over the coals of the fire. He would leave this room and go elsewhere, some place deeper inside the tower, with no windows.
"That's Simon and Jessica's team now," Tony pointed out. "And Henry's. I can't crash his team after telling him that I trusted him to lead it on his own, especially not after stealing Pepper back."
"I know," Steve told Tony. "I'm glad you did, though. You haven't told me that I'm a naïve, unrealistic boy scout in months."
"No, I mean..." Wanda glanced at Jan and trailed off, twisting her fingers together with unaccustomed nervousness. "I was there in California, Tony. I saw the two of you, before you put the armor back on."
The Doombots were only a distraction, puppets animated by Chthon to try and keep them from being able to concentrate all their efforts on stopping Sin, but Wanda found herself smiling grimly anyway as she looked around for another piece of shrapnel.
At first glance, Wall Street looked perfectly normal, right down to the dozens of pedestrians clogging the sidewalk, everything from business-suited lawyers, to Japanese tourists, to teenagers in those ugly jeans that came pre-worn and paint-stained. Then the glass on the top floor window of one the buildings shattered outward, and a woman burst through it to fall screaming towards the street.
Carol shrugged, tucking a piece of hair behind one ear. "If there hadn't been... a lot of missed opportunities, the two of us could have-um..." She waved her hands in an equally vague gesture.
"I was going to give you time," Clint said, "but then I was scarred for life by the sight of you and Hank making out, so now your time is up. If I give you much more time, you'll probably do something
"He'd say he was fine and lie about it." Which was slightly unfair to Tony, but not by much. He'd managed to hide both a serious heart condition and a steadily worsening drinking problem from the team for months, and back when they'd been on the West Coast, he'd spent all his time hiding behind something mechanical and pretending he was perfectly okay, all the while not meeting anyone's eyes and completely ignoring his hair, beard, clothing, and all the other details of physical appearance and grooming Tony usually devoted what had to be tons of time and money to — he spent more on haircuts alone than Clint spent on archery equipment.
"As you can see, Mr. DeFalco, our new geothermal energy plant emits less than 100 kilograms of CO2 per MWh of electricity." Tony gestured at the powerpoint slide behind him, where the plant's energy output and emissions levels were displayed in pretty red and green bar graphs.
Hank's grin got even wider. "You actually understand what I'm talking about? I wasn't sure you would. It's a mild prescription painkiller and sedative," he added, "it's a prescribed for a lot of things."
Steve sighed. He really would have liked a home-cooked meal, but not enough to go through the effort of cooking it. Not when he still ached all over from getting tossed around by Doom's magically augmented laser blasts. "Call whichever one you want. I want pepperoni - Sam will, too - and Jen will want a meatless one with mushrooms and peppers. Actually, you'd better make that two with mushrooms and peppers."
"That's arguably libel, you know." She-Hulk shrugged, tossing her hair back over one shoulder. "I could sue them for you, if you want, but it's not really worth the effort. You would probably lose, anyway. The last three lawsuits I was hired to bring against the Daily Bugle did." She grinned. "Just be glad it's not a porn site dedicated to you."
Hank threw himself at the energy grid, shrinking down so fast that he almost seemed to disappear.  Then he was through, full-sized again, and slamming into the guard in a flying tackle that would have made Steve proud.
to destroy the world, now that her father's dead.  How much does she actually care about Red Skull's goals at this point?"
Behind Dr. Thomas, and slightly to his left, one of the museum's assistant curators was carefully cradling the hermetically sealed box that contained the John Dee manuscript. Wanda was hovering at her elbow, staring at the box as if she expected it explode. If he looked closely, Sam almost thought he could see light glowing through the thin material of her gloves.
Pepper pointedly looked away from him, examining her wafer-thin black PDA as if whatever was written on it was vastly more interesting than Tony's love life. "Given that it has nothing to do with company business, giving it to you now wouldn't be very professional, would it, Mr. Stark?"
"We need those monitor lines to stay in place," Dr. Brackett countered. "Two of the victims have already died of heart failure brought on by the stress of whatever this is, and your relative," he stressed the word ever so slightly, "has a history of heart problems."
Theoretically, he ought to be able to transfer them into other people, as well, but no one on the West Coast team had been willing to let him test this on them. Not even Clint, who'd used Pym particles before.
"The Scarlet Witch has just rejoined the Avengers," Ben said slowly, "after nearly two years where no one heard so much as a whisper about her. The Avengers Mansion was destroyed by Kang and Ultron, and then she was simply gone, with no explanation. A lot of our readers thought she was dead, possibly one of the mutants who were killed when the so-called M-Day event happened. Now she's back, and at the same time, thousands of mutants around the world have regained their powers. The X-Men have refused to answer any questions about the phenomenon. I'm hoping you'll be a little more forthcoming."
"I don't usually have doctor's appointments. And when I do, they're generally on time." Most of Tony's hospital experiences had involved the emergency room, and if there had been any waiting, he'd been too unconscious to notice. He'd tried to avoid doctors entirely during his first year as Iron Man, when he had still needed the breastplate to keep his damaged heart beating properly, and even after his heart condition had become public knowledge, the habit had stuck.
Loki gave him a long, speculative look. "I would prefer to," she said, "but ruling by another's side would be better than kneeling at the Thunder God's feet as his humble subject."
"Which part, the part where I'm being honest, or the eyelashes?" The music was winding down, the song coming to an end. Tony stopped moving, and Rhodey stopped with him.
Personally, Steve preferred the welding outfit over Tony's usual business attire. Right now, though, it left the scrapes on his bare arms very visible, and Steve could see the edge of a large bruise on his left shoulder, the injury only partly concealed by the sleeveless white cotton shirt.
Hank took one look at Barnes and began pulling tiny scientific instruments out of his pockets, laying them out along the table and counters and returning them to their full size. "Where was the knife between being stuck into his side and one of you putting it there?" he asked, pointing a finger at the weapon that lay in the middle of the kitchen table, dried blood flaking off its four-inch steel blade. It looked vaguely like an SS dagger that had had a new, snake-shaped hilt welded onto it, save for the addition of several small grooves that ran the length of the blade.
"Magic does not follow the laws of logic," Strange said. "It is a thing of will and belief, the deeper reality that men dismiss as illusion."
The Helicarrier's medical bay was far better stocked and staffed these days than during the carrier's time in hiding under New York Harbor; SHIELD had been in the midst of a major recruiting push recently, and hallways that had been nearly empty by the end of Tony's tenure as director were full of people again, and a steady flow of agents had come in and out of the infirmary while Tony had submitted to a series of time-consuming and uncomfortable examinations at the hands of Maya Hansen and a vaguely familiar SHIELD doctor.
It was nearly nine, dinner had been over an hour ago, and where the hell was Tony? The last thing Steve had heard from him had been via Maria Hill, when she'd called to deliver a curt message that Tony had "discovered information which confirms that Sin is working with Victor von Doom." Then, when Steve had tried to ask questions, she'd hung up.
“Enough,” Steve told him.  He wanted to be angry, wanted to yell and kick something and exorcise hours’ worth of desperate worry, but looking down at Tony’s pale face and half-lidded eyes, he couldn’t bring himself to.  “Why did you do it?” he asked softly.  “Let her stab you that way.  You had to have known your armor wouldn’t stop it, not after what it did to my shield.”
The driver's-side door popped open, and the driver leaped out and began running down the street. Directly into Carol, who landed in his path, arms folded over her chest.
So he hovered, paralyzed, while she took a deep, shaky breath, and slowly uncurled from her protective ball.
"The closest hospital is that way," Jan said, tugging on his hair to indicate the proper direction, and then they were airborne again, moving father into the city.
"Sorry," Steve said, after several deep breaths to make sure his voice wouldn't come out in a shaky gasp.  "I didn't mean to wake you up."
"Who's going to give you away?" Happy asked. His poker-face was as perfect as ever, but Tony thought he sounded pleased. "Because if you need someone to, boss, you know that I-"
The phone rang shrilly, and Hank steeled himself before picking it up -- there had been three calls this morning from various Daily Bugle reporters, all wanting an exclusive interview with the Avengers, all of which he'd turned down, since Steve refused to talk to any Bugle reporter other than Ben Urich.
Tony smiled at her, the charming, ingratiating smile he usually reserved for the media and potential business partners who needed convincing. "I never did finish upgrading the security on all your IT systems when I was in charge. You might want to look into that."
Zemo was shouting something at Steve, his faint German accent making him sound like the villain from a bad World war Two movie. Tony tuned him out, refusing to let himself look back to make sure that Steve was holding his own. He would be. He always did.
Tony jerked away, shaking his head sharply. "I can't take it off." There was a note of panic in his voice now. "I'm not safe without it."
Tony’s fingers had curled around his, squeezing hard enough to make it plain that he wasn’t joking about the pain.   Wanda had slipped out at some point in the past few moments, quietly enough that Steve wasn’t sure Tony had even known she was there.
He wasn't entirely sure what woke him; maybe Tony had moved slightly, or made some noise. Whatever it was, it jolted Steve out of a sound sleep. He blinked, trying to wake himself up enough to figure out what was happening. Beside him, Tony made a small, distressed sound.
"I had hoped you could remain innocent of my master's plans until they had already come to pass. It seems Stephen and I taught you too well."
"It's magic," Tony said, "so, not necessarily."  While it was nice that at least some members of SHIELD still seemed to have faith in him — or at least, his abilities — there were limits to what even he could do with technology.  After all the effort he'd put into sweet-talking the medical staff into letting him unhook himself from their monitors and join Sharon's impromptu task force, it was somewhat deflating to admit, but,  "I have to obey the laws of physics.  Try hunting down Strange."
Of a sudden, Thor felt tired, the sort of tiredness that weighed on the soul and made him think longingly of the Odin sleep and letting Don Blake face the world in his stead for a while. "You may swear it a thousand times, with any oath you care to name, and I will not believe it. You are kinslayer and oathbreaker and your word means nothing to me. Nothing."
"This isn't about me," Tony defended. The kitchen felt much too small, too loud, and none of the rest of them were
“That’s interesting.  I hadn’t thought about that, but Thor’s hammer did dent it once.  I wonder how they work uru; it must be even harder to work with than adamantium.”  Then he seemed to remember what they were talking about, and smiled a little.  “I didn’t even notice.”
"You guys got something?" a tall, muscular black guy edged around the file cabinet that divided Hank and Peter's section of the lab from the hiding doctors and labs techs. His voice was vaguely familiar, and Peter had a hazy memory of seeing him in a suit, talking to Tony, during the Registration hearings.
A  few moments later, he and Tony started back for the table, Tony with a  glass of soda in each hand, and Steve with MJ's water.  Steve  surrendered his hold on Tony, but kept one hand on the small of his  back, guiding him toward the table.
In between crises, Steve and Sam had somehow managed to get Sam's things moved over to the mansion, after he'd decided that Steve and Tony staying there alone with Wanda wasn't a good idea. Steve wasn't sure if he was more worried about Wanda falling under Chthon's influence again, or about something — or someone — coming after Wanda, but his presence was welcome. Tony had been burying himself in his lab or his office at Stark Enterprises for the past week. Twice, he hadn't even come to bed, staying down there all night.
He sighed, and made himself look up to meet Thor's eyes. "I know you're angry at us. I know why. But Cap's not going to kick his boyfriend off the Avengers any time soon, so can you at least talk to
Tony was staring at him, droplets of water glistening on the ends of his eyelashes. Steve realized that he was leaning in so close to Tony that their foreheads were nearly touching, that his hand had somehow gone from Tony's bare shoulder to the side of his face. He felt his own face heat as he abruptly became very aware that Tony was naked, that he himself was half-way there.
“No.”  Hank’s voice was tight, low, and he dropped his gaze to his hands as if he hated the admission.  “Please go away.”
They were supposed to have been discussing hiring Rhodey on as a contractor to help perform some tests on SI's newest aircraft designs. Those discussions, and anything else even approximating doing any kind of work, had stopped instantly the moment Tony had announced his and Steve's decision.
Tony stopped, half-turning to look at Steve. "I have a project for Rhodey to work on. His new shoulder gun keeps jamming, and he wants me to-"
"Not anymore," Tony purred, and wrapped his arms around Hank's neck, the way Indres always had when she was trying to be seductive - the memory of her was almost enough to completely kill the tingling in his chest and groin, and he quickly pressed another kiss to the side of Hank's jaw, feeling rough blond stubble scrape across his lips and erase the lingering ghosts of her touch.
And now, it was now eight o'clock at night and no one had eaten dinner yet. And since it was Jarvis's day off, it was Steve and Jan's responsibility to make dinner.
Hank cleared his throat, and said, the words slightly awkward, "I wish I'd known about that when it was happening. You tried to help me – you were one of the only ones, actually." He looked away, down at the equipment he'd just finished adjusting, badly cut hair falling into his face again. "I owe you for that."
Everybody knew. All the promises he'd extracted from Steve and Wanda to say nothing, and he'd blurted the truth of his pregnancy out in front of half the team in a moment of utter, thoughtless stupidity.
Tony already regretted raising his voice.  It wasn't going to do anything to change Steve's mind, not when he had that stubborn "my way is the only right way" set to his jaw, and had only succeeded in making his headache worse.
"Call Hank," Steve said quietly. His voice had gone icy calm, the way it did when he was intensely angry – or scared.
“You have no idea how much effort and nagging on my part that took.”  It wasn’t all that funny, but Steve felt his mouth trying to pull into a smile anyway.
"Boys, don't fight," she cooed, and then, in a significantly less flirtatious voice, "Turn off the computers and get down here, Hank. Exercise is good for you."
"That's the one part of this that isn't going to suck. He doesn't like these things any more than I do, so after he gets done laughing until he cries at the sight of me in this thing," Tony waved a hand at the little black dress, "I'll at least have someone to talk to. Plus, he won't let me go near the open bar this thing's sure to have." Which was more of a relief than Tony wanted to admit - he hadn't been looking forward to tonight even before Loki's spell.
"I want to take care of you." Steve could feel his ears start to burn as soon as he said it. He sounded like the worst kind of romantic cliche, and Tony had undoubtedly both heard and uttered enough romantic cliches in his life to know that.
"It's already effectively soundproofed, there are drains in the floor, the restaurant hasn't been open for-"
"You don't actually want to hear the rich businessman whine about how hard his life is," he said. Steve looked at him silently, and he sighed. "Apparently you do." He paused for a moment, then said, "I know people don't want me for myself. I'm not stupid. They want my bank account, or my body. Once they see through the glossy shell and realize what I'm really like, they don't stick around."
Steve, Tony decided, was cute when he was being idealistic. When he wasn't being infuriating because his ideals were blinding him to the only practical course of action.
"I know they don't tell the future." Clint shrugged, vaguely embarrassed. "I used to work in a carnival." And he'd been up close and personal with demons and gods and magic far more times than anybody should have to be since then. Fortune telling might be ninety percent fakery and telling people what they wanted to hear and ten percent actual mysticism, but getting three sinister-looking cards over and over again couldn't possibly mean anything good.
It probably sounded like one of those jokes about Batman and Robin that Steve had always thought were in poor taste. He'd basically slept with his sidekick; as much as he'd tried to help Jack regain a sense of confidence in himself, they had never quite been on an equal footing. "It was only a couple of times," he finished lamely.
"I know what you mean," Steve said. During the war, he and Bucky had been the closest thing to family either of them had had, and then, after that, there had been the Avengers.
"Thor doesn't think there's any risk of you spontaneously changing back, so you don't have to worry about that. I just..." He trailed off, and Tony could imagine the expression he was probably wearing, half frustrated, half worried, could almost
"No!" She shook her head, hard, dark curls swaying with the motion. "You and Cap and the others are some of the only family I have left. I don't even know if Pietro's still alive, or if he'll ever want to see or speak to me again if he is." She paused, meeting his gaze and giving him a long, serious look; Clint had to fight the impulse to glance away. "Clint, I killed you. Twice. And Scott, and Vision. And..." her voice broke, and she looked away, her face twisting. "You sleeping with me while we were both under mind control isn't even in the same league as that."
"Oh, we knew that," Nick said. "She left three men alive at the third installation she attacked. I didn't call ya up here for an identification. I was hopin' ya might have some idea of what the hell it is she wants." He stabbed an unlit cigar at the picture, using it like a pointer. "That was taken four days ago, at a SHIELD R&D facility in Jersey. Everyone in the facility was killed. We kept it off the news, and the same for the one before that, but we're not goin' to be able to keep last night's attack quiet. Which comin' on top of getting a Helicarrier blown to hell and gone last spring, is going to have Washington on our necks. Again. We need answers, people."
That seemed to have an effect where Hank's attempts had failed. Hank's teammates, possibly working on the assumption that if Tony was being rude, he probably wasn't dying, obediently went the hell away, leaving just Tony, Hank, and a very uncomfortable looking Clint.
"He should not be allowed to escape punishment for his crimes simply because he rules a country." Thor tossed the paper aside in disgust; it landed on the end table with the front page facing up, one of the
Tony stiffened under his touch, and drew in a long breath. "I said I would leave the team if you asked me to, and I meant it, but I swear you can trust me at your back, Steve. You always can. I know you may not believe me anymore, not after what I've done, but..."
"You two have fun with that," Sam said, smiling blandly, before he could be roped into watching a fashion show as well.
"Be happy for him," Steve said flatly. Sam knew gender wasn't important to Steve, even if he tended to forget because Steve had previously been involved almost solely with women; he couldn't actually think Steve had only fallen in love with Tony because he had a female body.
"In that case, we'll have to be very thorough." Steve drew the fingers of his right hand down Tony's chest, across his stomach, and then stood up, pulling Tony with him. "You have a reputation to maintain."
rushed into it without thinking, but Steve knew perfectly well what he was getting into and what he wanted. And he certainly wouldn't lead Tony on, regardless.
The Night Nurse's clinic reminded Wanda of a high tech version of the MASH unit from that old TV show – there were cots instead of hospital beds in some of the rooms, and the operating table was built to be easily disassembled and moved when necessary. All the equipment looked temporary, portable.
"Sure," Steve said, the whole situation suddenly seeming slightly unreal. Since when had Tony asked his permission for anything, much less actually listened to an order he gave?
All for members of the Wrecking Crew were standing on the museum's front steps, Thunderball slowly reeling his massive wrecking ball back in. The Wrecker, their nominal leader, had a leather and metal-bound book tucked under one arm, presumably stolen from inside the museum.
With a torrent of magic pouring through him, Strange did not feel the pain of the wound in his side, but when he glanced down, the silver handle of a leatherman was standing incongruously out from his side, surrounded by a dark patch of blood.
Doom had given her a 'protective gauntlet,' supposedly to keep the power of the spear from incinerating her, but obviously intended simply to keep her from taking it for herself.  She pulled it off, tossed it to the floor, and reached for the spear.
Which, translated, meant, 'Had you not specifically asked me what Steve said, I would, indeed, have deliberately let you be late just to teach you a lesson about checking your messages.'
he thought, and in a vivid flash of sense-memory, could smell the drowned remnants of smoke and ash and feel Steve's hands holding him down, violent and angry and so painfully far from what he'd wanted. It had been strangely appropriate, in a warped way – the two of them fighting in the ruins of what had once been their home, now as shattered and broken as the Avengers had been. As their friendship had been. "Chthon did. And I helped, to be honest. I turned us into a giant target, getting involved in politics the way I did. And there should have been better guards in place against Jack of Heart's power, and against Ultron."
"You don't have to stay," Steve said, more abruptly than he'd meant to. "I don't think it will do any good. I'm not sure
Jan knew it was psychosomatic, but being out of a hospital room and back in Avengers Tower made her feel immeasurably better. Wearing real clothes helped, too.
That was actually an understatement – Carol had asked him bluntly how he'd expected to deal with it when Loki stabbed them in the back at the worst possible time, and had added that she'd 'thought he was finished being deliberately self-sabotaging.' Loki, she'd insisted, couldn't be manipulated the way HUSAC could, or negotiated with like Gyrich or Koening. Tony couldn't even disagree with that; you could trust Henry Gyrich to keep a bargain, could trust Secretary Koening to do what he thought was best for national security even if what he thought was in the country's best interests was frequently not in your best interests, and even if he wasn't above using blackmail and threats to accomplish it. As little as Tony liked the man, he could at least respect him for that.
He twisted out from underneath Steve, and pushed Steve back against the wall. Steve had just long enough to register surprise as Tony bent down, and then coherent thought was gone. Tony's mouth was hotter than the water still pouring down on them. They were reforming the Avengers, Steve decided. Also, Tony was staying here tonight, in Steve's apartment, in his bed. Tony was not leaving. They weren't going to be alone anymore.
"Unfortunately, no." Cap walked past him toward the room. When he reached the doorway, he hesitated, turning to Clint and Sam. "I can handle this. You two go check on Jan. She shouldn't be alone when she wakes up." He said it steadily, as if Jan not waking up wasn't even in the realm of possibility.
Clint, Hank, Steve, and Tony all obediently lifted their shot glasses full of diet coke and drained them. Jan's glass stayed on the floor in front of her, untouched.
Sin smeared her bloody fingertip along the edges of the black sun she'd drawn in the center of the circle — right below the altar where the spear lay — and recited the final words of the incantation.  The original ritual ended with the caster chanting the name of the entity they were summoning three times.  Since Sin had no intention of actually allowing herself to be possessed by Loki in order to gain access to the power he'd stored in the spear, she substituted "open me to the power that is in this place," instead.
Don would know what it was for, but he wasn't about to ask him what was wrong with Tony in front of Jarvis. The old guy had been through enough lately, with May's coma and physical therapy; he didn't need to worry about Tony on top of that, especially if it was just something normal and everyday like cold medication.
"Does that mean there's not going to be a sword bridge? I've waited my whole life to smack Captain America on the ass with a sword."
Tony shook his head. "Inside. I don't need to give those people on the internet who are convinced that Iron Man is my secret kept woman any more ammunition."
"You're not the only one, if it helps," Steve offered. "I keep… I have these dreams, about the war, about Bucky dying. The same dreams, for years, when things get bad. Only now the rest of the team is there, too. All the Avengers, and I can't save them either."
Carol smiled, and shifted her suitcase up onto her shoulder. "Tell me you brought a car, and we're not taking public transport back to the city."
It was a sharp command, distinctly unlike Jan's usual method of giving orders.  She was usually the team's diplomat.
A waiter appeared by the table as if by magic, the sign of a very expensive catering service. "Can I get either of you anything?" he asked. "There is an open bar tonight."
He was being a coward, Tony decided. He needed to deal with this now - the longer he dragged it out, the more painful it would be for both of them.
Strange lunged forward and seized the spear in one gloved hand, striking Sin's forearm with the other.   He twisted it free of her grasp and leaped back, miraculously avoiding tripping over his cape, just as she broke Carol's hold.
Agatha was frowning, shaking her head. "You have a good heart, child. You would not wish your friend ill, no matter how much his circumstances pained you, how unfair you felt them to be."
Simon had made his sappily sweet fling with Henry Hellrung official shortly before Carol's first trip back East, the one that had ended in poison gas attacks and mass hysteria. Apparently, she and Jessica couldn't compete with the seductive power inherent in Hellrung's encyclopedic command of classic cinema, and Simon had amicably ended their relationship in favor of living in domestic bliss with the Disney Channel version of Tony Stark.
He was sitting with Steve on the living room sofa, Thor lounging in one of the room's massive armchairs across from them. Hank was either in the library or the lab, hiding from Jan, and Jan was in her room with fabric swathes and a design pad, avoiding Hank.
Sam frowned.  "We don't know that Doom has them," he pointed out once again.  "Sin's the one that took them, and she didn't sound happy with Doom when they left."
Tony stared flatly at him, his face empty of expression. "I told you what Hank and Reed and I had done, and I apologized for it." He held his hands out, palms up, the gesture too studied to truly be casual. "The details are public record; I didn't think you would want to hear me repeat them."
Carol brought the quinjet down for a landing, the aircraft shuddering and jolting as if she were trying to land it in a windstorm.  When they disembarked, Steve going first with his shield already up and ready, the air was heavy and motionless, without a breath of wind, and so charged with magic that the hair on the back stood up.  He should have been able to hear shouts, car horns, the drone of the helicopters overhead, but instead everything was eerily, freakishly silent, as if the flames were devouring all sound.
"I don't know if that's better or worse than thinking I tripped over my own shield," Steve went on, belatedly realizing that after Kathy Dare, the ex-girlfriend who had shot him in the spine and then tried to avoid attempted murder charges by claiming that he'd abused her, Tony might not find that kind of joke funny.
"I'm sorry," Tony was saying, again. "I checked for cameras. I always do a scan for cameras and recording devices before I do something like that in public. They must have used analog film."
she said, which cued another round of distracting babble from Hank, mostly speculation about what role the pollutants still layered in with the Hudson River mud had played in the creature's creation.
Carol was still standing in the doorway, her arms folded across her chest. Tony put a hand on her arm, nudging her forward, and the door swung closed behind them, appearing to move of its own initiative.
Steve reached down and took hold of Tony's wrists, gently but firmly pulling his hands away and lowering them to Tony's sides. "Don't move," he ordered, pressing Tony's hands against the floor for a moment. "You're not going anywhere."
As soon as he saw the way the fabric of his tunic clung wetly to his skin, he could feel the warmth of the blood soaking into it, but the knife itself might as well have been stuck into someone else entirely.
The explosion, when it came, was a thing of beauty. The shockwave hit her like a wall, leaving her skin hot and tingling the way Brock's fingers had, and the shell of the building left after it was gone burned in a brilliant chemical rainbow, the smoke acrid and stinging.
At last!  After so long straining to send his influence through worn places in the walls of his prison, success was his.  The mortal woman was offering herself up to him, all but demanding that he use her as a vessel.
"Which we're supposed to just trust you not to do?" Carol's voice was acid. "The way Vision trusted you? The way She-Hulk and Tony did? And Clint?"
Jan pulled the wool afghan Jarvis always left hanging over the back of the couch up higher over her shoulders. It was crocheted from red and blue wool, and was one of the few things that had survived the destruction of the Avengers mansion -- somehow, its presence made the living room feel familiar and lived-in, despite the lack of decoration on the walls.
She shook off fanciful thoughts and looked for a safe place to land, somewhere where she wouldn't be ankle-deep in debris.
"You're a smart man, Calvin." Tony spoke quietly, letting the armor's helmet amplify his voice. "Why are you helping her summon the embodiment of chaos? There's no profit in it for you."
The room itself looked like a slightly off-kilter copy of his old room at the Mansion – the layout was identical, and the walls and floor were the same down to the plaster moldings, but the bare walls and lack of furniture other than the bed rendered the room strange, unfamiliar. He'd be sharing it with Tony, now; Tony's old room at the mansion had been the smaller of the two, because he'd been just as likely to spend his time in various expensive apartments or at his company, where according to Pepper, he had sometimes slept on a cot in his work room.
Steve tightened his grip on his shield, and followed Carol inside. She was levitating slightly, making her footsteps utterly silent despite her two-inch heels.
It had to be possible. It was in theory, he knew, and he'd even verified it by having Reed check his math, embarrassing as that always was.
The thing's jaws snapped shut on empty air, and then Sam dropped from the sky and hit it full-force, the momentum of the impact knocking it away from Clint. Sam thrust the canister of antidote in its face, only to be brought up short as its tongue wrapped around his wrist.
One good repulsor blast could destroy the spear, but—no, it was uru.   Nothing short of the fires of a volcano could damage it.   Damn it, they could have used Strange conscious.
"He looks bad," Clint agreed. Tony's face was flushed, his hair was sticking to his forehead, and from the expression on his face, whatever he was actually seeing wasn't very nice. "But hey," Clint went on, trying to sound encouraging, "Hank's working on an antidote, and he's almost as good at that kind of thing as he is at creating things that turn out to be evil."
His own protective spells were layered thickly around the nave of the cathedral. Had he not been the Sorcerer Supreme, a novice's uncertainty over a decade behind him, their familiarity would have been reassuring.
"So what are we going to do now?" Jan asked the room at large. "Everyone was counting on Dr. Strange to take care of Chthon. The Avengers offered our help, but Wanda's our only magic user these days."
Tony steeled himself inwardly as he, Steve, and Jan climbed the steps, almost wishing he'd worn his armor. The last time he'd seen Wanda, she had been completely beyond reasoning with, beyond help. And the Avengers had just let Strange hand her over to Magneto, nearly causing the end of the world through their carelessness.
can wield that power, I shall be able to command it easily.  As for Chthon, he will be no match for my new powers combined with Loki's."  Doom straightened, sweeping his cloak back with a flourish.  "My new consort is right — Thor doesn't have the brains or vision to rule Valhalla, and you don't have the strength.  It takes someone with ruthlessness and cunning to truly belong on Odin's throne."
Fighting their way out would be most satisfying, but they had not the time to spare.  Thor raised Mjolnir above his head and began to spin it, building momentum, and then let his hammer fly at the wall he and his teammates had been chained against.  The aged brick was obviously part of the warehouse's outer wall, nearly a foot thick, and proved no match for his hammer.
Steve's eyes darkened, and he lifted a hand, reaching for Tony, then hesitated. "Bucky and Sharon killed someone tonight, didn't they," he said softly. "On Nick's orders."
Whatever it was, it wasn't likely to be good. Tony didn't go the doctor over normal things like sinus infections; it was always heart surgery and being shot and his armor killing him with electromagnetic fields and experimental poisons that made you hallucinate dead people and other life-or-death or just plain weird things.
Steve was kneeling next to Barnes now, cutting his black shirt away from his side. His eyes stayed fixed on his increasingly bloody hands as he spoke, his eyebrows drawn together in a scowl. "Tell me you didn't just assassinate a foreign national on American soil."
Don had hoped that deactivating Jan's energy-bubble would be simple and quick, something Hank could do by yanking out a few wires or pressing some buttons, but several endless minutes later, when Hank started mumbling things under his breath, he realized with a sinking feeling that they weren't getting out of there for a while.
“I can guess.”  Her voice was too tired and hoarse to be dry, but he could still hear the attempt at humor in it.
"That was a good move," Steve said softly, more to himself than to Sam or the building manager, and Sam was sure from the look in his eyes that he had assumed that their hacker was Tony.
When Hank arrived fifteen minutes later, Barnes was slumped in one of the kitchen chairs with his head resting on his folded arms, breath wheezing painfully in his lungs. Sharon was sitting next to him, one hand on his shoulder, while Steve hovered awkwardly in the background.
He'd sworn once that he wasn't going to lose Tony again, not to the Mandarin or some other villain, and not to the inside of his own head. But now, Steve was helpless to do anything to stop that, not when he wasn't even sure Tony could hear him.
Tony's flight had been late getting in, and Jan had been worried that she would be left to deal with Byrne, the reporter, by herself. That, or be reduced to begging either Sam or Carol to come with her. Steve was still refusing to talk to reporters, and she had learned by dint of long and unfortunate experience that the farther Hank and Clint were kept from the press, the better it was for all concerned.
"All right," Jan said, clapping her hands together. "I think we can declare this Avengers meeting adjourned. Steve, go after him and make sure he's all right."
He was talking to him, Clint realized. Both of them were. "Fine," he said. "Just thinking about something." He was suddenly very conscious of the prescription form in his pocket, for some unknown medication with Tony's name on it.
She twisted her fingers around each other, not looking back up to where Strange sat mercifully silent. The place inside her where Chthon had been felt empty, blessedly quiet. Her powers felt quiet, too. The last thing she could remember clearly before Mount Wundagore was chaos magic surging through her, warping the world around her at her slightest whim, too powerful for her to control, for anyone to control.
Tony blinked, and missed a step, then had to skip sideways to get back into the proper rhythm. "Turn what down?"
Clint beat uselessly at it with his bow, trying to pull it loose with his free hand, and Steve turned from Doom to help him.  The cloth slipped against his gloves, and it took all of his strength just to pull it a few inches away from Clint's throat.
"No thank you." Wanda waved a hand, cutting him off. "It would be... I need to know where Pietro is, but I don't want to..." she trailed off, then added, "Crystal doesn't know. They share custody of Luna, so I thought maybe.... He's alive. She knows that. He came and took Luna, and they disappeared somewhere."
"It's Tony's house," Cap said, smiling a little awkwardly, the way he always did when people thanked him for things. "He can invite whoever he wants to stay there."
There was nothing useful he could contribute for the moment, and he'd need what energy he had left for their escape; Don closed his eyes and let himself doze for a while.
The lines of fire were still moving through the grass, slowly carving out what Tony, from his elevated vantage point, could now see was a giant, inverted pentagram.
He might have been slightly rude in that last email.  Tony usually handled that side of the Avengers’ business, but he had still been in a hospital bed at that point.
The energy was different in nature from the hot, orange-yellow-white power of the spear, moving in slow, sullen coils that pulsated with the unhealthy red heat of an infected wound. In the spaces between them, Strange could glimpse a cold, black absence of light, from which emanated unfelt vibrations on the same bone-hurting frequency as the power that had hummed through the cathedral door.
"I can't stay here," he told Steve, giving logic one more try.  "No one else can fix the security system.  And I need to take a look at any data the mansion's sensors got when they teleported out, if there is any.  I might be able to track down their location that way, or at least give us a radius for how far away they could have gone."  The method of teleportation Doom used made it impossible to pinpoint exact coordinates without access to the machine itself, but the more power the teleportation took, the farther the distance teleported would be.
"No," Steve voice was firm enough to quell all doubt. "You kept several people from stabbing each other and stopped a few more from jumping out the window. And if you hadn't shut down the ventilation system, things would have been much worse."
Between his own memories and Thor's, Don had seen an awful lot of gruesome ways to die, none of which he wanted to experience himself or watch friends experience.  "Please stop talking.  You're not helping."
Wiring things to zap would-be thieves had worked with Tony's possessions at boarding school, and it worked with cars now.
He kept forgetting that Tony was a woman now, at least physically. It was so easy, when Tony was in the armor, moving and speaking and fighting exactly the same way he always had, to imagine that nothing had changed.
Loki's reflection still shimmered in the great, floor-to-ceiling window, the lights of near bye skyscrapers shining through her body. In many ways, his stepbrother had changed little with this new incarnation; the same angular face, the same ice-green eyes, the same smirk on her scarred lips.
"There definitely isn't any space in mine," he said. "No child deserves the kind of disaster I'd be as a parent." Not to mention that alcoholism could be inherited. His DNA might be a ticking timebomb, for all he knew.
Steve turned in Tony's arms, his jeans already painfully tight, and settled his hands on Tony's hips, pulling Tony against him. "You're supposed to be helping me unpack," he said, sliding his fingers beneath the waistband of Tony's trousers and kneading at the dense curves of muscle in Tony's ass.
Tony ought to have objected to the term boyfriend, given that it made it sound as if he actually were a woman, but all he could do was grin.
Thor considered this for a moment, then said, "Captain America, Ms. Marvel, and the Falcon have all told me that my refusal to speak to thee endangers the Avengers as a team. I fear they are correct." It was somewhat embarrassing to admit, for it had not been his intent. "I fear also that this illness of thine, if untreated, will likewise endanger thy fellow Avengers."
Tony found himself unable to look away from Steve for a moment; the little smile he was directing at Tony made his entire face look soft and happy and young, and even the knowledge that he wasn't entirely worthy of it couldn't diminish the warmth he felt at knowing he could cause that expression, knowing that
Steve saw his hand come up, and raised his shield to cover himself, but he might as well not have bothered.  Doom's energy blast hit Tony dead on, a steady stream of blue-white fire that sent flickers of light crawling over the surface of his armor.
Except... Hank hadn't wanted to get back into costume today, and once upon a time, she had loved him, and she couldn't rest easily until she'd made certain that he was okay.
Tony set his coffee mug down next to his empty plate and smirked at Steve. "And yet, remarkably, not one I've ever needed. This is Manhattan. I can get any kind of food under the sun just by picking up a phone."
He stood up, brushing futilely at the cat fur on the front of his costume. "SHIELD took custody of at least three bodies.  There must be some clue on one of them that would tell us where they're operating from.  A cell phone in someone's pocket, a wallet, mud on one of their boots that's found only in one specific part of the city."
"It was stupid to send Wanda with the other team," he said, after a long silence while the distant sounds of the fight by the river echoed over the communications link. The monster's slime was apparently capable of dissolving through Spiderman's webbing. "It would've been nice to have probability on our side, here. Her powers would have been useful."
Between Hank, Tony, and Wanda, they had enough unstable people in the house without adding evil chaos magic that spoke to people in their heads to the mix.
He hit the concrete with bone-jarring force.  He struggled to breath for an endless moment, lungs paralyzed by the impact, and then everything faded away.
"I wasn't going to lie," Steve said. "I just… it's not the kind of thing you talked about when I was growing up. You could be arrested for doing the kinds of things that-" that Tony and Wanda had talked about so casually. "I've never told anyone before," he concluded lamely.
The bathroom at the back of the cabin was blessedly empty. Wanda's hands were shaking hard enough that it took her two tries to lock the door.
She raised her eyebrows at him, arms folded across her chest, and pointed out, "The media is going to eat you alive."
Strange marshaled his thoughts, seeking the degree of mental clarity that would be necessary for a working powerful enough to seal the incipient breach between realities and drive the fraction of Chthon's essence trapped before the high altar back where it belonged. Chthon was likely using the destabilization of magical energies caused by the spear to keep a toe-hold in this world, relying on the thinness of the dimensional barriers here to make it possible.
Thor practically stomped out of the kitchen, his back a stiff, straight line. No one was completely happy with the decision the team had reached, but Thor in particular had never been inclined to compromise when he was angry.
Hank looked away. "I know," he said quietly. "You told me, before, that I needed to get some help, that I was out of control, and... I think I always knew that. I just couldn't
Steve shook his head again, suddenly abruptly aware that a hallway probably wasn't the proper place for this conversation. But then, they'd had their last conversation about this in the hallway, too. "I meant it," he said, wishing he'd thought about this more, that he had some plan for how to do this properly.
It took only a few minutes to arrange for Fury to discover a sudden issue with the Helicarrier's engines that required Tony's urgent assistance. Tony spent most of those minutes carefully explaining how to cause the problem in the first place, and how to make it look as if the damage had been caused by the Helicarrier's long immersion under New York Harbor.
Chthon moved her through customs like a puppet, speaking through her mouth and posing her limbs as if she were a living doll. Hearing her own voice emerge from her lips, calm and polite and completely independent of herself, was utterly terrifying. She was helpless, the way she'd been when she had watched her children die, when she had watched Ultron tear Vision apart at Chthon's bidding. And yet she smiled, and told the customs officer how excited she was to be in New York, perfect sincerity in every word.
Beyond Clint, two men in torn and bloody denim work-shirts were sitting on the ground, while emergency workers tended their injuries. One of them was holding a cellphone to his ear with the arm not currently swathed in bloody gauze, talking in soft, hoarse Spanish. He'd been trapped under a chunk of concrete on the fifth floor — she and Sam had pulled him out.
"Why? Because you don't trust me with computer systems and AIs?" It wasn't until the question was out that it occurred to Hank that it might not be one he wanted to ask.
Tony's lips twitched. "Good point. Clint and Bobbi would probably kill each other before the three of us got back."
Professor Xavier had confessed that he felt partially to blame for M-Day, that he had let his sentimental attachment to an old friend's child prevent him from stepping in when he should have. Most of his proposed solutions had chilled Tony even further than the thought of killing Wanda in cold blood had. Better true death than the sort of 'merciful' living death Xavier had proposed.
There was a wordless shout from Matt, and Strange half-turned to look back at him just as the man who had been praying so quietly in the side chapel slammed into him.
, and Steve had quietly decided that he wasn't going to let anything, be it supervillains, government interference, possession or experimental drugs, or either of their own nightmares get in the way of that again.
The sound of the front door flying open with a crash - it had rebounded against the wall, probably; Jarvis hated when people did that - startled Tony out of his contented musings.
Loki down before Sin arrived with spear in hand; if one of them got their hands on it, it would all be over.  They wouldn't be able to stop a vastly more powerful Loki, or a Doom with god-like powers, and would likely die trying.
"Good job today," Steve told her. "We couldn't have taken Kang down if you hadn't disrupted his energy shield for us."
"Unfortunately, I think most of the people with our level of experience already have commitments." There were more and more superheroes becoming free agents again, now that the Initiative was no longer mandatory, but people who had already opted out of it weren't likely to want to get involved with it once more.
"Superpowered people depend too much on their powers in a fight," Clint said, and Hank didn't have to look at the monitor screen to know he was smirking, "and now that you can't use yours, you need to practice fighting the way us mere mortals do."
Hank's eyes went wide. "Really? You know I don't-" he shook his head, hard. "I spend most of my time in the lab. Not exactly the sort of thing that needs re-enforcements."
"So," Carol said. "Who hasn't wanted to do that occasionally? I threw him through the wing of an airliner once."
Date? Tony considered this a date? Steve hadn't thought about it in so many words, but... maybe it was. It wasn't anything the two of them hadn't done together before, but they hadn't been sleeping together before, either, and that bit on context changed everything.
Better her than Wanda, Tony thought, better all of them than the entire city, and made himself fire.
If he could feel the energy blast even though his shield, what had it done to Tony's armor?  To Tony himself?
"You'll have to settle for a grumpy doctor," she said dryly. "If it helps, the doctor I'm thinking of inflicting on you is also blond."
"Did he tell anyone where he was going?" Steve asked; uselessly, he knew.  If Carol or Sam had had any idea where their absent team member was, they would have said something before they'd taken off.
He shouldn't have stopped monitoring the security systems; if he'd kept an eye on it non-stop, he would have seen this coming.
"I don't think he'll hold it against you." Steve hadn't quite started sulking when the projected arrival time had gone by without Tony putting in an appearance, but that was probably because he and Clint had been busy arguing over something. Jan hadn't bothered to pay attention to what, because it had been incredibly petty, and only the two of them had actually cared about it.
Hank tapped the robot on the shoulder and then, when it swung around slightly to face him, punched it directly in its metal faceplate. Or at least, that's what he had intended to do.
"Thor liked the carnivore special," Don said, which neatly side-stepped the entire existing and then not existing issue.
Once he had the armor fixed, things would be back to normal, and he would stop expecting something to suddenly resurrect Loki's curse and change him back again.
"No," Rhodey said, before Tony could answer, and he felt ridiculously and pathetically grateful. "She doesn't want anything."
"Really?" Tony asked, temporarily diverted from his brooding. If silk's low conductivity applied to magical energy as well as electricity, then it ought to follow that high conductivity would transfer over as well. "What about gold and copper? Does glass insulate magic, too?"
The elevator between Tony's basement lab and the Avengers' apartments rose with perfect silence; even more than the brass and wood paneling, that spoke for how expensive it was. Don, watching the floor indicator climb with impressive swiftness, wondered morbidly what would happen to anyone who happened to be in the lab if the building's power ever went out. As far as he'd been able to tell, there were no stairs between the lab and the ground floor lobby. On the other hand, forgetting to plan for disaster was not among Tony's failings; there had to be some alternative way out of there, not to mention a way to get massive pieces of equipment in and out. The elevator was the size of a freight elevator, but even it wouldn't have been able to accommodate some of the things that Don had watched slowly disappear from the lab over the past week, which had included giant arc welders, a massive sets of jacks for propping up quinjet engine blocks, and one of Tony's two Cray computers – slightly outdated, but they apparently had some kind of nostalgia value – along with half the contents of a machine shop.
"By liked, do you mean..." Jan gestured vaguely with her spoon. Asking felt weird, intrusive. She was never quite sure when she ought to acknowledge Carol's sexuality, and when she ought to ignore it because it was supposed to be no big deal. Carol herself seemed occasionally unsure; she'd never actually said anything about it to the press, despite not doing anything to hide her relationship with Simon and Jessica from the public eye. In some ways, it was easier with Steve and Tony; before The Article, everyone had acknowledged their relationship to other superheroes and denied it to reporters, just the way you did someone's secret identity, and afterwards, Steve had been very insistent on never concealing or tiptoing around anything, to the point of delivering an embarrassing lecture on acceptance and tolerance if you tried.
"Don't let him near his power tools or his office," Don said, to Steve. "He doesn't actually need to be lying down, but he does need to be resting. It's only been three days. I know SI gives up to a week's worth of medical leave for this."
Steve nodded.  “Do you need to sit down?” he offered, as she came to stand by his side.    As much as he didn’t want to, he gently slid his hand from Tony’s hair and sat up straighter, ready to surrender the room’s only chair to Wanda.  She’d drained herself to the point of unconsciousness to save them; in her position, he’d be dead on his feet.
"Ants?  You think to defeat the mighty Doom with insects?"  it taunted, brushing casually at the soldiers crawling along one armored forearm.  "I will-"
"You have pictures, right?" Steve blurted out, before rationality kicked in and reminded him that deriving petty amusement from Tony's humiliation was not the mature or right thing to do. He couldn't help but wonder what a female Tony would look like. The same coloring, obviously, and the same angular bone structure - 'she' would probably have cheekbones that could cut glass - but would Tony be tall or short as a woman? Thin, or curvaceous? Tall, probably, he decided. Like Sharon or Rachel. And curvy, probably a classic hourglass figure like movie stars had had back before all the women in movies had gotten so thin. Tony was an extremely attractive man, and that was bound to translate over.
Wanda winced visibly. "Because it's not just any book. If I recognized the design on the cover right, it was a 13th century copy of the Darkhold scrolls. To the right collector, that would be worth more than any treasure in the museum."
Steve turned away with an inarticulate noise of frustration.  He looked as if he were contemplating kicking something.
For an endless moment, nothing happened, but then the soft beep of the heart monitor sped up slightly, and Tony’s eyebrows drew together in a faint frown.
"That's not true." Tony tipped his head back and stared up at Steve, squinting slightly. "I've done press conferences in much worse shape than this."
Several feet away, a woman with two children in tow was looking at them. Steve met her eyes, and realized as he did so that he was standing there, in public, with his arm around Tony in a way that left no doubt as to the nature of their relationship.
There hadn't been a lot of bleeding involved, had there? Surely Tony would look worse if he'd suffered significant bloodloss.
"Are you sure?" Steve asked Clint, his eyebrows raised in surprise. "If anyone has the right to object to working with her, it's-"
Crying, or trying not to.  It might have been jarring if the other man hadn’t just gone through significant physical trauma.   His near brush with death by poisoning hadn’t left any visible physical marks, but his entire system would still be shaken by it.  Thor’s prompting aside, this probably hadn’t been the best time to try to discuss anything significant.
Months ago, when he had first rejoined the Avengers, Thor had sworn that he would never again sleep under Tony Stark's roof. Then he had begun staying in Stark Tower overnight, because the journey from New York to Nebraska was long even for an Asgardian. He had told himself that he was not accepting Tony's hospitality, but merely bowing to necessity because it would have been foolish to do otherwise. Meals were a different matter; it was Jarvis's bread and salt he ate, not Tony Stark's.
Steve shrugged, favoring his sore shoulder. "Just a few bruises. It should be fine in a couple of days." Had Tony actually sent Sam to check up on him?
Thor lifted his barely conscious teammate over his left shoulder, allowed Jan to perch on his right shoulder and take a firm hold on his hair, and began to spin his hammer once more, faster and with more force this time.  The first throw carried them over the roof of the warehouse and to the top of a neighboring building.
This early into the pregnancy - he'd been a woman less than three months, so he couldn't be very far along - Tony's stomach was still flat. He didn't
“That makes two of us.”  But- “Why me?”  It ought to have been Vision.  He’d been her husband, and she clearly still loved him, for all that their relationship had ended.
There were no guards inside, and the security cameras were easily disabled. SHIELD would have detected her presence the moment the first one went offline, but that was all right. Let them come; by the time their agents arrived, Sin and her men would be long gone.
The air was thick with dust, and her eyes kept tearing up. Carol tried to use the back of her arm to wipe some of the fine, grey and white powder out of her eyes, and only succeeded in making it worse. There were times when she seriously considered adding goggles to her costume, regardless of how silly they would look.
Steve put a hand on Tony's arm again, made his voice more firm. "Tony, you need to take your armor off, or you could hurt someone."
Tony crawled forward, moving with an easy grace he hadn't displayed while sparring, until he was straddling Steve's thighs once more. He picked up Steve's hand and settled it back over his breast, breath catching as Steve automatically rubbed a thumb over his nipple. "Does this feel male to you?" he asked.
"Fury finally decided to do something about the Sino-Lemurian situation?" Tony asked, raising his eyebrows. Reports of two prominent Lemurian expatriates' deaths had appeared about half an hour ago in one of the two newsfeeds that were all the Extremis would let him monitor full-time these days. The NYPD hadn't released a statement yet, but the local news was already calling it a murder-suicide.
Because he'd been distracted by the looming shape of Doom's armored silhouette and the things he'd been saying about Steve's resurrection.  And now Doom had escaped with everything he needed to summon Chthon or seize the spear or do whatever it was he and Sin planned to do, and taken two of Steve's teammates with him.  And shot Tony in the chest at point blank range on his way out.
"This is something that affects all of us," Wanda said. "It isn't just a personal family problem of yours, any more than Magneto was for me and– for me and Pietro."
The floor beneath Carol vibrated slightly as a twenty-foot-tall Jan, propping up the West side of the building from the outside, turned her head to the side and coughed into her upper arm.
"I am not pulling my punches." Tony pushed himself up onto his elbows, glaring at Steve, who was looking down at him with an air of exasperated superiority.
"I can feel him whispering," Wanda said, softly, her voice eerily calm. "But only when I stand here."
"I was only going to be pregnant for another week. I had an appointment next Thursday at a nice, discrete private clinic to take care of things. I wouldn't even have told the East Coast team if Thor hadn't forced my hand."
He was more useful to the team when he used his powers to their full extant, could do more good, could-
Jan looked up, for the first time really taking in the dark electronic billboards, several of them still emitting noxious smoke; the shattered remains of a building scaffold; the glass, plaster, and brick dust covering the sidewalk.  Most of New York was just going to be disappointed they wouldn’t get to see Sin’s head on a pike.
Jarvis had 'suggested' that it might be time to move Matthew Churchill Patton/Avenger-cat/Redwing's Lunch over to the mansion at least three times in the past week, ruthlessly quashing Tony's objections that the construction work might frighten it and/or provide it with an entire new realm of things to break, get stuck in, or otherwise destroy.
The world lurched sickeningly, the ground pitching under his feet.  His ears popped as the air pressure plummeted, and Wanda’s voice echoed through his bones, his head, the ground under his feet.
Zola, slimy little Nazi scientist who sold his skills to the highest bidder that he was, would be an inadequate assistant. If he were forced to hire someone to fetch the spear for him, he would have to completely counteract the sorcerer supreme's protection spells, at which point Doom might as well just walk in and take the spear himself. Sin, with her painfully obvious belief that
"Agatha!" Wanda let the half-formed hex sphere vanish and pulled the older woman into a hug. "It's wonderful to see you. What brings you to New York?" The last she had heard, Agatha had gone back to Salem, leaving her crumbling Victorian townhouse empty. As far as she knew, Agatha hadn't even been aware that Wanda was on back on the East Coast.
Strange's seals had walled that away from her, too. Her powers were back under her conscious control again, he'd promised her. They wouldn't be as strong as they had been while Chthon had had her – he had forced her mutation to Omega levels, altered it to suit his whims until she could mold the world around her in ways that probability altering or chaos energy should never have been able to accomplish – but they were hers again, and if she had less energy to fuel her hexes, it was a small price to pay for freedom.
Well, until the day before yesterday, in the gym. That had definitely been interaction, and it hadn't been Avengers-related. Neither had his conversation with Tony after the party, or the sparring, really. Teaching Tony hand-to-hand combat had always been something between Steve and Tony Stark, not between Captain America and Iron Man.
“How’s your leg?” He nodded at the gauze patch tapped over Carol’s thigh.  It looked odd, out of place with the torn costume she was still wearing.  Both her gloves were gone, and her right forearm was also wrapped in gauze – defensive wounds.  She’d thrown her arm up to block Loki’s knife.
"Abortion is legal now, Steve," Tony interrupted. "I can go to a perfectly legitimate doctor in a nice, clean, private, expensive clinic where I will be perfectly safe. It's not like it was in nineteen forty."
"Good work, Avengers," he said, making sure to glance in Tony's direction so that he would know he was included in that statement as well. "Now, what were we doing before these goons showed up?"
snake venom," Hank added, only a moment later. "The protein structure is distinctive. It's rattlesnake venom. A mix of Crotalus Horridus and-"
Zemo, however, they were extremely pleased to see, or at least visibly amused by. Steve was sure he heard a few snickers as they - very carefully - cuffed him and led him away.
describe losing a two hundred million dollar contract, then, Mr. Stark? Or should that be Ms. Stark?"
He still hadn't gotten around to reconfiguring the quinjets' wings to fold up, though he'd added tail-hooks and reinforced the landing gear for carrier landings just in case back during his brief and disastrous turn as director of SHIELD.  The Helicarrier's deck crew was probably cursing his name at the moment.
He  came up behind Tony, the ambient noise of the room masking his  footsteps, and slid an arm around Tony's waist.  Tony turned and looked  at him, a faint look of surprise on his face.
"I played tennis in school," Tony said, and pulled out his SI-manufactured Blackberry-clone. Email. Surely he had some vital red-flagged email from SI's legal council that could rescue him from this conversation. There were at least five ongoing lawsuits involving SI, if you counted the ones where Tony was suing other people as well as the ones where people were suing him; in New York, after all, lawsuits were just another tool one used in order to do business.
Like all the other boxes, this one was unlabeled. The packing tape holding it closed had been sliced open and taped over again at least once, and was curling up at the edges. Steve didn't bother with the box cutter this time, just gave the edge of the right-hand flap a sharp jerk.
Not knowing probably did make it worse. If you knew, you at least knew exactly how bad it had been. Missing time, when anything at all could have happened, and might have, would be even more frightening.
Strange smiled at that, a sardonic flicker of humor in his eyes. "Because untrained magical potential is dangerous, especially for those who have a great deal of it, and there are few forms of magical energy more dangerous and unpredictable than chaos magic. And of those remaining who possess the knowledge and ability to train you, very few can be trusted."
"Well, It's good that you're here," Clint told her, dropping the topic of the book before they actually had to talk about Marcus and Kang. "We are one seriously underpowered set of Avengers. As awesome as I am, I can't punch somebody through a wall." Too bad Jen was also staying in LA; having She-Hulk on their side would be damn useful. Clint could remember a time when everyone was always complaining that all the superheroes were in New York; these days, it seemed like people were everywhere
"This isn't West Virginia, Morgan. Do you not read the newspapers anymore? Because that would explain why your investments always do so badly."
Jan looked up from where she had been busily slapping out the still-smoldering embers in Wanda's skirt. "And she's coming here?"
Without her powers, she was essentially unarmed, and taking on Doombots barehanded only worked if you were Carol or She-Hulk.  And Chthon...
"I've been helping Hank Pym look for an antidote. It's some kind of modified Vietnam-era chemical warfare. It makes people hallucinate."
"It's Doom.  Or Sin.  One of them.  They teleported in."  The alarm currently trying to blind and deafen him was from the anti-teleportation shields, which he'd originally set up to alert him via the Extremis if anyone used Doom's dimensional transport device or anything that matched its energy signature to enter the mansion.  Which meant that the invader, whomever they were, was already inside, not at the edge of the mansion's lawn where the perimeter sensors would have picked them up long before they set foot on Tony's property.
"The spell was intended for myself," Thor went on, sounding more apologetic than Hank had ever heard him, and that included the time the Enchantress had brainwashed him into attacking them all. "I am deeply grieved to have-"
Steve raised his eyebrows, skepticism played up just enough for Tony to tell that he was exaggerating it. "How urgent can something be at that time of night? The business world survived just fine for decades before the invention of email, and even these days, every CEO except you has to go offline and get away from his computer in order to sleep." He rubbed a towel over his face and hair as he spoke, every other word half-muffled by the fabric. Muscle glided under his skin with every movement; Steve's body was perfectly sculpted to a degree that an Olympic athlete would envy, not just from the supersoldier serum, but from hours of training and practice – after Tony left to shower and dash down six floors for his nine o' clock meeting with Stark Industries' R&D department, Steve would probably spend another hour here, working first with the gymnastics equipment and then with his shield.
As he left, he could hear the receptionist saying to Aunt May, "So, is he really Spiderman? I thought he'd be bigger. Oh, and what's it like being Spiderman's mom?"
He made himself turn away from Tony and Thor, back to Sam.  "You said Sin vanished as well.  Are any of the intruders still here?"
The fact that the John Dee manuscript had been severely damaged in the course of saving the world was less significant to the museum than the fact that it had been severely damaged, period.  A very large donation to the museum might not be enough to avoid a potential lawsuit this time.  The Maria Stark Foundation’s lawyers were working on it, and so were SE’s lawyers, but Steve preferred not to push his luck.
"Well, no, but..." Hank waved a hand, visibly struggling for words. "She nearly destroyed the world. She's incredibly powerful. Incredibly powerful and unstable, and that means she's incredibly dangerous. She killed Scott. And Vision. Maybe she didn't mean to, but they're still dead."
Its presence could have been a coincidence, of course, but where chaos magic was concerned, very few things were.
It was a fair trade. If he'd known what was going to happen four months ago, he'd still have gone into the fight with the Mandarin willingly. Except... when he'd been prepared to lose the Extremis forever, after that fight, he'd expected a future where he wouldn't be
"No," he agreed, "not all of them. Likely not even half. Undoing the spell in its entirety would take far more power than either of us possesses."
Maya's first test subject for the Extremis, Steve guessed. His skull had been completely vaporized when SHIELD had finally gotten there; the media had been very fond of reminding people of that particular gory detail. Tony wouldn't have resorted to that level of lethal force unless he'd had no other options. While the Avengers very rarely killed, at one point or another, they all knew that the possibility was a potential last resort. It still wasn't an option any of them would exercise lightly.
"Mr. Stark is exaggerating. His assistance in the troubleshooting phase of the project was invaluable." She turned to the two junior DoE employees, bypassing DeFalco completely, and began to explain the finer points of her filtration system, pointing out the applicable areas of the design blueprints with a laser pointer.
Steve had ordered daily fly-overs of Hell's Kitchen, just in case, and had even managed to get Daredevil to agree to report any disturbances in the area to the Avengers, via Luke Cage or Spiderman.
"They don't make spare parts for quinjets." Somehow, the mournful note in Tony's voice carried through despite the voice modifier in his helmet. "Everything is going to have to be rebuilt or recast by hand."
Strange was frowning at her, she realized, a faint expression of concern on his long, angular face. He was probably regretting bring the subject of the twins up at all - people all thought they had to walk on eggshells around her over it, that reminding her of it would cause her to have some kind of emotional breakdown.
Spiderman claimed to have broken up twice as many muggings in the past week as usual, and according to Luke Cage and Daredevil, there'd been an increase in domestic violence incidents throughout Hell's Kitchen, with the worst of the fights taking place the closest to St. Margaret's Cathedral. Chthon's presence was poisoning the city, slowly but surely.
“Yes,” Steve said.  He pressed harder, leaning his weight on his hands and ignoring the sickening way he could feel Tony’s ribs shifting – at least one had to be broken.  “We won.  Chthon’s gone.”
Under normal circumstances, Jan would have tried to say something to lighten the mood, but they were almost certainly being monitored.
"Only if you rest," Don said. "You were unconscious for an hour, Tony," he added, before Tony could protest this. "You can play with your armor tomorrow."
"She woke up a little while ago. You're the one that had us worried." Steve's arms tightened slightly around Tony's shoulders. His grip was painfully tight now, but there was no way Tony was going to object.
Tony forced himself to smile, the expression feeling stiff and fake. This would be easier with a glass in his hand, something to make him just a little less tightly wound. He cut the thought off before it could go any further; nothing good ever followed it.
"Yes," Wanda said. "That's why I asked Strange to do it." Hank either didn't pick up on the slight sarcasm there, or simply didn't mind it.
Thor opened the door and found himself at the threshold of a darkened room, all lights extinguished and the sunlight reduced to a dim shadow of itself by tinted glass. Tony was seated behind his desk, his back to the darkened windows, head buried in his hands.
Byrne offered her a self-deprecating smile, and a small shrug, "I've been wondering if his miraculous return might have had something to do with his sudden change of heart."
"Not yet. You should start being afraid when we let Jarvis in on our conspiracy." Steve resumed his seat and handed Tony a menu. The wine menu, Tony saw, had already been removed from their table - he could see it sitting on one of the neighboring tables, a dark blot of red leather against the white tablecloth. "How did the meeting go?"
The multiple Dooms attacked the three of them as a synchronized unit.  Normally, they would have made short work of a handful of Doombots, but he and Thor were hampered by the need to avoid bringing the ceiling down on their heads.  He'd just had the place rebuilt, Tony thought, as a muffled boom sounded from somewhere overhead and the walls rattled, and already it was being destroyed again.  It had been hard enough to find an insurance carrier willing to insure it the last time.
She'd said as much to Clint, on the phone, but she doubted he'd relayed more than the barest gist of her words to the others. Probably just, "Ms. Marvel votes no, and she thinks you're crazy."
"I'm recently divorced. If you go with me, the next day's headlines will be shrieking that my marriage ended because I'm secretly a lesbian. Or that you and I were together beforehand, and our torrid affair broke my marriage up." She sighed. "I'd say stay home, but you know better than I do that people are going to see that as a sign of weakness."
His abilities would be limited in this new host, since she had no magic of her own for him to use, but she was only a temporary stopgap.  With the spear's power and this form giving him the ability to influence this dimension, he would release himself from imprisonment himself, as he had meant to do through his avatar.
"The eyelashes," he said. "I figured the other part out a while ago. Seriously, don't flirt with me, okay? You're actually pretty hot as a woman, but you know I'm not into men."
"Very good," Strange's voice seemed to come out of nowhere, and Wanda started, opening her eyes, the light from the crystal fading away as she did so.
A wave of dizziness nearly dragged the entire network out of his grasp, and it took all of his control not to let it show on his face. He dropped the local news channels and the police and emergency communications frequencies, everything but the museum's network and the armor, and breathed in slowly through his nose, willing it not to start bleeding.
"If we try to blackmail or manipulate Loki into helping us without delivering payment, she's going to try and kill us all." Sam's voice, less angry than the others.
Moments later, he was straddling Tony's legs, pinning him against the wall of the shower. Tony was fumbling one-handed at Steve's belt, his other hand still gripping Steve's shoulder, fingers five hard points digging into the muscle of his neck and upper arm.
Steve put his book aside and looked up, about to ask Jan how the evening had gone - he wouldn't admit it to many people, but he actually enjoyed Jan's descriptions of what everyone had been wearing - and froze.
There was a click as the line went dead, Rhodes hanging up, and Hank went back to staring at the monitor screen and mentally calculating the drop in body weight produced by a shift from five-foot-ten to two inches, and what percentage of an average-sized dose of any given medication would have to be shifted out of one's body in the process in order to avoid toxicity.
"It sounds stupid, I know," Matt Murdock's voice was low, rough, the slightly nasal sound of working class New York Irish in it thick enough to cut with a knife. He had only the barest trace of accent in court, voice smoother and at least half an octave lighter – Strange had heard him speak when out of costume, and it was almost like listening to a completely different person. He would have applauded it as an effective trick to keep Daredevil's voice unrecognizable to people who knew him as Matt Murdock, but he suspected that Matt didn't even know he was doing it.
"I know he's here, Jarvis. I traced the IP address he sent the last thirty emails SI's gotten from him to the mansion."
As the image on the scanner's screen began to coalesce out of the static, it belatedly to Hank that Tony might not want to see it. He tilted the screen just enough that it would be indecipherable from Tony's position, and examined the results.
Clint shrugged, desperately uncomfortable. "I don't know if I did. I don't remember. I don't remember deciding to do it, or deciding to come back. I don't even remember the sex all that well. It's kind of a blur."
"Anything else you want to see as long as we're here?" Steve asked, as they left the exhibit, sliding an arm around Tony's waist, quietly reveling in the way Tony leaned into him. He'd missed this, too; Rachel was an incredibly passionate woman, but she wasn't much for simple displays of affection.
The glass wall of the shower was completely transparent, not clouded or rippled to create privacy -- Fury had said it was a security measure -- and so Steve had a clear view of Tony.
"Safe," Carol repeated. "You mean, like Strange was safe?" Even at her worst, even when she'd been drinking, her problems had never caused anyone else to be hurt. She had come close once or twice, avoiding it only by luck – Tony could have been injured badly, that time she'd thrown him through the wing of a plane, or the airliner itself could have crashed – but nothing like the trail of collateral damage Wanda's possession by Chthon was leaving, even now.
"Sin," he said. "It's definitely her. And at least one of the men she had with her when she attacked Bucky and Sharon – you can see part of his arm just inside the frame, there."
"But maybe I didn't have to," Steve could hear himself stammering, despite his best efforts to sound calm and collected, and it made his face burn even hotter. "I mean, we didn't actually… um…" It had only been once, well, only a handful of times, and had never involved anything more exotic than hands and a kiss or two. And once, Jack had gotten down on his knees and-
It was probably wrong to feel relief.  "Thank you," she said — shouted really.  The chaos magic that surrounded them surged in a way that made her wards flare with heat, and Wanda pressed her forehead against the cold metal of Tony's chestplate.  "I'm sorry," she added.
"Of course she'll stab us in the back," Hank was insisting, one hand flailing angrily through the air. "Supervillains
"He's just the only one people have ever heard of." Tony grinned at him, so close that Steve could feel his body heat. The close physical proximity wasn't anything new, but now it felt different, intimate in a way it hadn't been before. Or maybe it had been, and he'd just never noticed.
Tony closed his eyes and told Hank everything, hating the necessity for it. Well, not everything. Just the important parts, the parts that involved pain and bleeding.
It went on for far too long, even though it probably lasted only a minute. Tony sagged, going limp, his breath coming in short gasps. "That's better," he panted.
He still looked pale, the sharp angles of his cheekbones making him look fragile. Steve wanted to touch him, to comfort him somehow, but misery held him paralyzed.
"You hated running SHIELD," Steve said flatly. "It was killing you, the same way working with Dickstein and Koening was."
They would have thought of something.  The idea of Loki still running around out there, angry and humiliated at losing the spear and plotting who knew what in order to get back at Thor was one Don preferred not to contemplate.
If they failed to come up with a solution, it wouldn't be for want of Maya trying. He didn't need her promise to know that, insults about his code-writing abilities notwithstanding.
People were just coming back from the dead all over the place these days, Clint reflected, grinning to himself. Even if Thor, or, well, Don Blake, was being kind of a jerk about things -- okay, with reason, but still -- it was great that he was back.
"I set myself up for it pretty well, though." He smiled at Steve, the kind of smile that had no real humor in it.
His own project, Steve decided, was hopelessly unfixable. He hadn't been paying enough attention to his work, and he'd nearly erased through the paper in two places, and the vase was still lopsided. He wasn't getting the curvature right, or the reflections.
Tony's chestplate was hard and smooth under his palm. Anything could be happening to Tony inside the armor; he might simply be unconscious, or he might have gone into cardiac arrest like the man Carol had carried out. They might have only a minute or so to treat him, and it would take far longer than that to get Pepper; the armor's codes were all voice-printed, and if she did have one, she'd have to verbally input it in person. Cutting the armor off him would take even longer, at least half an hour.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.”  The two of them had already been on display enough this evening, from the gauntlet of paparazzi with cameras outside to the handful of guests who couldn’t stop staring at them, as if they expected to see debauched playboy Tony Stark throw his famous superhero boyfriend up against a wall and have his way with him at any second.
Strange raised an eyebrow again, but thankfully let it go at that. Steve felt a brief flash of relief that he wasn't pushing further - everyone knew about the trial, and Hank nearly being sent to jail after being used as a pawn by Egghead, but the exact nature of what had happened between Hank and Jan was Jan's secret to tell, and not something Steve would have been comfortable sharing with anyone outside the Avengers. Even most of the current team didn't know exactly why their marriage had ended, just that it had.
"Yes," she said. "Yes, we're supposed to trust her. The way we trust Hank to take his medication, and Tony not to start drinking again, or erase our checking accounts with the Extremis just because he can, or Steve not to kill somebody practicing unarmed combat moves. Or Sam and Clint not to..." she trailed off, unable to think of anything potentially threatening about Clint, or any way Sam could possibly misuse the ability to talk to birds.
"Just because the questions she posed were justified doesn't mean her prediction that our team's going to fall apart is worth anything." That insinuation had been almost as bad as the blatant invasion of their privacy at the end of the article, and just as uncalled for. Steve tried a smile. "I won't let it. Not after all the time and effort we've put into getting this far."
An older man had fallen to his knees beside his chair, one hand clutching at his chest. A dark-haired woman was sitting on the floor next to him, tears streaming from her closed eyes, rocking back and forth. Another woman was pounding on one of the doors with her fists, her perfectly manicured brown hands leaving smears of blood on the wood. There were people running back and forth from one side of the room to another, pursued by something only they could see; people clinging to one another in panic, motionless and whimpering; and one table of stock brokers had gotten into a fist-fight.
"So," Wanda said, her expression serene, "in order to give Clint's brain time to start functioning, because we all know his fragile masculinity would never have stood up to this one: I've never slept with a man."
All her power had been tied up in maintaining the spell, Strange had said, in magically suppressing the expression of thousands upon thousands of X-genes. When she had broken free of Chthon and cut the spell loose, she had ended the flow of power that had sustained it.
He felt a hard blow against his side, and something cold slid between two of his lower ribs, and then Matt was on the man, ripping him away from Strange and landing three hard, effective blows with hand, elbow, and foot.
The Avengers' Tower felt empty these days, not desolately so as Valhalla had when he had first rebuilt it, when far too few Asgardians had yet returned, but quietly so. The Falcon and Hawkeye had removed themselves to the nearly completed Avengers Mansion, and Jarvis had followed them, leaving only Hank Pym and the Wasp behind in the tower.
It wasn't until this evening, when Steve had completely run out of anything to read, that he realized he'd been avoiding the library since Tony had come back. It was something of an embarrassing revelation.
"Yes, but the lawyers are afraid of what terrible legal or public relations disaster you might commit next."
Doom didn't turn away from Strange and Wong.  They were fighting one another somehow, Steve was sure, but in no way that he could see.
Tony always thought he could fix things, that everything had to have an obvious, neat solution if only he were smart enough to see it and could control enough variables to put said solution into effect, preferably while telling as few people as possible. Sometimes his attempts at damage control caused even more problems than the thing he was trying to fix. Work with the government to mitigate the effects of Registration, co-operate with Loki, break the law and flatten everyone in his path to steal his stolen technology back. Shoot himself up with experimental nanotechnology to take out a monster who'd been created by the same process.
He couldn't look at the dark hair falling down her back without remembering what it had felt like, couldn't look at the clothing without remembering the body under it. The body she'd never chosen to show to him.
The high altar glowed with power to his otherworldly senses, the chaos energy that saturated the spear emanating up through the stones that covered it. That much had not changed since the last time he had stood here and gazed upon this place.
have to be more careful about letting those tentacles grab you," she added. "You can't shrink down to get away from them, or increase size to break free."
"I'll have to start being more careful," Steve said, swaying sideways to let Tony's fist slide past his head. "Pepper and Rhodey have both threatened me with maiming if I ever hurt you."
He stared down at the knife for a moment, then touched one surgical-glove-covered finger to its hilt, which had been cast to look like a coiled serpent. "Vomiting, headache, difficulty breathing... did he complain about his fingers going numb? Is the wound unusually swollen?"
Grant interrupted Layton, cutting him off mid-sentence. "If we did, the US Government would swoop in and take over the program. Or do you really think Senator Byrd's given up on that?"
He reached out wildly for more power, all of his careful training and discipline deserting him, and it was there, waiting hot and orange-gold as fire just beyond his reach.
"It took you that long?" Luke said.  "The rest of us figured it out two days after we joined the team."
Was he on any kind of medication? Getting any kind of treatment? She hadn't asked. She'd been careful to learn as little about what Hank was doing or not doing as possible. It wasn't her problem anymore. Wasn't her problem anymore. He'd lost any right to her concern and support when he'd hit her.
There were also three news vans, including, inevitably, one from channel five. Kristine Sullivan, a cameraman in tow, had cornered Sam and was holding a microphone in his face. "A video has recently surfaced on the internet wherein A.I.M. claims responsibility for this act of terrorism. Can you confirm or deny their involvement?"
From somewhere in one of the room's darker corners, Steve could hear the quiet squeaking sound the cat made when it was bored and looking for something to destroy. Aside from that, the room was almost oppressively quiet.
"No. War Machine's going to be here any minute, and if the three of us leave now, we'll be just in time to be fashionably late."
"Not everyone thought the Initiative was a bad idea," Hank said, an edge of defensiveness in his voice. "Some parents were glad to have their kids receive official training with their powers, and a lot of superhumans willingly signed up." He hesitated, then added, "And only some of them were supervillains, or just doing it because they were afraid."
, not some stranger with his mannerisms and speech patterns. "You look better without all that make-up, though. It doesn't belong on you. The dress either."
Steve sagged forward a little in relief.  Tony was going to wake up any moment now, be annoyed at himself for missing the end of the fight and 'letting' Doom escape, and try to pretend he didn't need to go see a doctor.
Don didn't actually smile, but from the way his eyes crinkled at the corners, that was only because he was trying hard not to. "Ask Tony," he repeated.
There were times when Carol wondered if the role of superhero just inherently attracted fucked up or damaged people, the way adrenaline junkies were automatically attracted to fighter planes. Or maybe most of them had started out normal, and the job itself was what did it. She'd been innocent and normal once, hadn't she? It probably wasn't just the effects of her washed-out memories that made that much younger Carol feel like a different person.
"Actually, yes. I talked to Sharon." Steve wasn't sure if rudely shouting at your ex-girlfriend in an attempt to get her angry enough to go away and leave you alone counted as talking, but he'd bet money it was more than Tony had done, and anyway, he
Then she turned and left the plane, her feet moving steadily down the ramp despite her desperate efforts to stop, to turn around, to exert any kind of control over her own body. She couldn't even twitch her fingers.
Good for Jessica. That must have been before she'd decided that Simon needed to hear what Wanda had to say.
would kill us. He's already threatened to have Clint drag me back here by my heels if I panic and run off to the West Coast."
The original Mansion's plans had shown a shielded energy containment room in this location, designed to keep Jack of Heart's powers under control. Sam had never actually seen it, but he'd seen the damage Jack's body had caused — even after death, his flesh had still been charged with energy. Anything that could contain that was overkill to protect a book.
"Be glad Thor's still on the West Coast, or it would be six with pepperoni," Jan said, reaching for the phone.
was the one who was using him, wanted the spear in Doom's hands to further her own agenda, not his. The portions of Strange's spell aimed directly at thwarting Doom would overlook her presence, leaving Doom only the task of finding a spell that would allow a person with no magical abilities to remove the spear from its hiding place and carry it out to him. Then, he could use its power to demolish Strange for his interference.
The BMW wasn't as sexy as a Ferrari, but it still accelerated like a race-car. Carol insisted on driving, which Clint didn't blame her for; anyone would jump at the chance to drive a bright red European convertible, even in New York traffic.
Chthon took her to a taxi, then onto the subway – the 4/5 line, traveling downtown. When the train passed through the two stops closest to the Avengers Mansion, Wanda was frozen in her seat; she couldn't so much as turn her head unless Chthon wanted her to.
Carol snorted. "Hank and Tony and Thor are all idiots. There wasn't anything else they could have done, not with the way HUSAC was breathing down our necks. Tony's going to give himself another breakdown if he doesn't stop feeling personally responsible for every single bad thing that happened under the SHRA."
"The spear first," he repeated. "Then we can seek vengeance against those who deserve it." Personally, he was going to begin with Strange and the Avengers, for thwarting his plans before. Reed Richards, he would save for last. That piece of revenge had been a long time coming, and Doom intended to savor it.
"Not even a little?" Jan asked. Any male teammate being temporarily transformed into a woman would have been at least amusing, but in Tony's case, it was like some grand example of cosmic justice.
Thor drew his arm back, his hammer revolving more swiftly, then hesitated and turned to Tony.  "Which of them is the true Victor von Doom?"
Even out here, the air was thick with plaster dust, enough so that Carol could actually taste it against the back of her throat when she breathed in.  It was nearly as bad as the collapsing skyscraper had been.  She blinked, hard, and wished for half a moment that her costume had flight goggles.
Once inside, their luck held. The lobby was filled with people, most wearing business suits, all of them lined up loosely along the walls by the door. The building manager, a tall, middle-aged man whose dark hair was receding in front, was waiting at the front desk with a sheaf of architectural plans.
"That's not real art. Not unless they made the doll themselves or painted something on the trashcan. Art should create something." It was old fashioned, Steve knew, but art should be about more than just shock value or being confusing for the sake of being confusing. It was supposed to communicate something to people, or, failing that, be aesthetically pleasing.
Tony had worked his way through a laundry list of unhealthy behaviors in the past out of some warped need to punish himself. Had tried, both subconsciously and deliberately, to hurt himself with alcohol, with recklessness, by running the clock on his breastplate or artificial heart down to the last handful of seconds over and over.
Clint wasn't the kind of guy who sat around pondering the meaning of his own existence, but it was starting to bug him.
"It was ages ago, and they're apparently both over it." Carol waved a hand dismissively. "Look, Clint found out a few things before he met up with us in DC, and you really need to ask him about them."
They had taken Brock from her, taken her father. They all needed to pay, and until she could have Barnes and Carter at her mercy, these worker drones would have to suffice.
She disengaged and stepped back to face him, her battered and grotesquely swollen face expressionless.   The spear's broad, silver head was covered in blood, and a smear of it blotted out the scratch on his shield, a streak of red through the center of the white star.
Steve, of course, was ready to believe that Wanda really was back, that Strange had somehow managed to find her and, miraculously, heal her. If he hadn't, he would do what he had to do, just as Tony would, but it would hurt him to have to treat Wanda as an enemy once more. All of them had spent far too much time fighting old friends.
The kids who had seen Michael Van Patrick accidentally killed at the hands of one of his own classmates probably grasped that superpowers were dangerous. They were probably less than convinced that disastrous mistakes with them weren't the end of the world. Hank wasn't entirely sure of that himself.
"That's not the issue at hand," Tony said, looking Layton straight in the eyes. "The issue at hand is how we're going to pursue other avenues of funding, and other sources of income. The ebook reader has generated a lot of media buzz, but it's not going to be a major source of revenue the way the Starkphone is."
"Fell apart?" Sam suggested, moving back to let Steve drop his leather and mail tunic on the bed - and also, Steve suspected, to get a better look at him. "He's got things back together now, though. I know I wouldn't handle being turned into a woman anywhere near that well. And damn, that looks nasty. Did you put ice on it?"
"Fine!" Wanda's hands made an angry slashing motion. "Do that. I want you to do that! The others all treat me like I'm either a victim or a timebomb, but none of them would do anything about it if I needed to be taken out. None of them could."
She made it about ten feet before she ran straight into Hawkeye. He grabbed her by the shoulders and the two of them promptly began struggling over the fork. "Look, lady, I'm not gonna hurt you, okay? Ouch, shit, will you stop that?"
Tony, thankfully, had found him a discrete, private source for the mood stabilizers and anti-depressants Len had suggested, and some day she was going to have words with Reed Richards about his ridiculous 'you could just make this yourself' suggestion.
"The Smithsonian, or the British Museum," she said, matter-of-factly, "but one doesn't have job openings in my field and the other one requires moving to England. Plus, I did an internship at the National Archives right after I finished school. You couldn't pay me money to go back to a DC commute." She shifted the box again, and nodded at Hank and Thomas. "Dr. Thomas is waving at me. I think it's time to go install this in your vault."
The burning pentagram below him was almost complete now. Tony increased the thrust from his jet boots and dove toward Harkness; her smoke tentacles had been able to knock Jan aside, but he had a lot more mass than Jan did.
It looked like Wanda's ominous card readings were nothing but the chaos-induced coincidence she'd said they were.
"Please," Steve interrupted, his face and voice softening.  There was something almost pleading in his eyes, and a raw, desperate edge to his voice, and what could Tony say to that?
Cage stayed oblivious to her as she crept past him to one of the building's side doors; irritating as Doom was, he did have his uses.
"How touching." The voice was as familiar as it was unwelcome; the change in timbre from male to female had altered only the pitch, not the cadence of the words, or the sly hint of mockery that forever underlay them.
That hadn't occurred to Steve, and the thought that Loki could just as easily have killed Tony in order to seek revenge on Thor was chilling.
"I didn't have a choice," Tony said, feeling mildly defensive. "They were going to hurt each other. Someone had to do something."
"The price of living in the Avengers Mansion," Steve sighed. "Being this close to Central Park's jogging trails is worth it, though."
"It's a baby, not an alien," Steve said, his thumbs making slow circles on Tony's shoulders. If they both calmed down, they would be able to think this through, to figure out what they ought to do.
Cap probably needed someone to talk to, anyway, since Sam was downstairs getting his fork-wounds bandaged.
Sin pivoted on her good leg and lunged at Steve, the spear's head skidding across the face of Steve's shield with an awful, metallic shriek that he'd never heard anything that had hit the shield make before.
"I did," Steve said, swaying backwards to let Tony's next punch sail harmlessly past his face. "After they gave me the super-soldier serum, I spent a month tripping over my own feet and breaking things."
She yawned, suddenly tired, her eyelids feeling heavy. The shadows dancing at the edges of the candle light seemed to thicken, reaching out across the carpet toward her.
"I haven't seen the rest of the exhibit yet," Steve countered. The 'Art and Artifacts of Alchemy' exhibit was scheduled to open to the general public next Friday, and a banner announcing its presence already hung outside the museum. Medieval and Renaissance art had never been Steve's field, but he could appreciate the complex symbolism in the one painting and two seventeenth century engravings he'd seen thus far. Tony would like them; they were like puzzles in visual form, each of the pictures showing some part of a chemical process.
"If this goes on too long, it's going to throw the team line-ups off balance," Steve pointed out, trying to bring the topic back to the matter at hand. "We're going to have to do something about that."
"You two are sleeping together?" Sam demanded, his words overlapping with hers. "You do realize he's going to turn back into a guy eventually, right?"
Bucky frowned down at the note in his hand, the paper white against stainless steel fingers. The black SHIELD uniform had finally stopped making him look like a stranger, but Steve would never grow entirely used to that metal arm, or lose the faint twinge of guilt he felt whenever he saw it.
"We were just the distraction," Clint put in, his voice laden with vindictive satisfaction. "The rest of our team's spent the last half hour disarming them all."
"I didn't feel anything creepy around it," Sam told her, "but people whose opinions I trust think it's dangerous."
The air around her was so thick with chaos already that she could barely think, Chthon's presence a choking miasma, and her skin burned as if the wards were being branded onto her.  For an endless, frozen moment, she couldn't move.  Her chaos magic was tied to Chthon, and with him this close, on the verge of breaking free entirely, just touching it would open herself up to him.
"Go call and check on your boyfriend," Sam said, giving Steve a knowing look that implied that he was on to Steve's true purpose and that it didn't include asking SHIELD for tactical updates.
Tony nodded tiredly, then watched in silence as she left the lab. He didn't want to think about wearing women's clothing yet. He wasn't entirely sure he wanted to take the dress shirt and trousers he currently had on off; the body underneath wasn't his anymore. Admittedly, his body was on the battered side, even attractive as it was, but he'd rather have his own damaged heart and liver and shrapnel scars than some strange woman's body, even if it was genetically identical to his own save for a single chromosome.
Steve's other hand was on his hip now, thumb tucked inside the waistband of his jeans. "We should move this somewhere else," Steve breathed, lips still inches away from Tony's.
"You don't want to do this, Agatha!" Steve called out, hefting his shield in preparation for throwing it. "Go home before our witch drops a house on you, and no one will have to get hurt."
Steve finished toweling his hair dry and dropped the towel on top of the nearest stack of boxes, all of them neatly labeled in Jarvis's precise scrip. Jarvis had offered several times to either unpack everything for Steve, or return the boxes to storage, but neither option had felt right, so the boxes remained.
. It had been one of Vision's favorite books, she remembered, with a pang. He'd loved film noir and pulp detective novels, anything with trench coats and fedoras and hardboiled private eyes.
Tony was wearing sweatpants and a white undershirt that had a long smear of black motor oil across the front, right over his heart. The dark circles the toxin had left under his eyes were gone, his hair was matted to his head with sweat, and he was grinning at Steve. It was an expression Steve didn't see nearly enough of these days -- one he'd never seen as often as he would have liked.
to each other, it would have gone more quickly," Hank pointed out, not bothering to contain his irritation. "Next time, don't just barge in here; you almost made me drop this."
"I don't remember what I was thinking," Clint admitted, still picking at the callus. Even with gloves, archery toughened your hands up. "Hell, I don't even remember where I found her."
"There's pulling your punches enough to avoid hurting your opponent, and then there's being afraid to punch him in the first place." Steve, unfairly, was neither out of breath nor even really sweating. Enhanced endurance had all kinds of benefits.
"The other two don't matter, Wilson," Sin shouted.  "I'm here for you and Rogers.  You'll pay for what you did to my father."
"That's... good, I guess." Actually, it was potentially very useful, but building it hadn't required Tony to hide all day. "We should have figured this out days ago," he added, feeling a flash of irritation at himself as well. "It all makes sense now. Sin's never had any interest in magic, but Doom's been after Loki's spear for months now. It's too much of a coincidence for a book with spells for summoning chaos entities to be stolen while Chthon is in the city and for the two of them to have nothing to do with one another." In hindsight, the likelihood of Doom's involvement was almost painfully obvious. Why had none of them seen it?
"I'm an old-fashioned kind of guy," Steve said, heat flooding his entire face and neck. "I can't help it."
Hank tapped a rapid-fire sequence of keys, and the machine made a chirping noise as it came online – Tony could feel the machine's electronic signature flare in the back of his head, joining the constant reassuring presence of his dormant armor, and the bright chatter of SHIELD's communication's systems, which he'd never shut down or logged out of after Winter Soldier and Sharon Carter's late-night visit.
Tony rose up onto the balls of his feet, grabbed Hank by the shoulders, and pulled him forward into a kiss.
Hank snatched an empty test tube from the rack and pulled his arm back to throw it, the wild urge to destroy something buzzing in his head. Then he remembered Jan, perched atop the computer only a few feet away, and made himself lower his arm, setting the test tube back into place with a stiff control that made his hands shake.
"SHIELD took possession of salvaged technology from your bodyguard's armor, which you've always refused to sell. Perhaps if we made it legally available-"
Strange nodded, stepping aside and gesturing for them to enter the house. "Wanda has recovered her memories from before her possession by Chthon. She has no recollection of most of what occurred while she was under his control. She was unsure whether she ought to contact you, but there are things you need to know."
"Do me a favor," Tony said, holding a hand up. "When you tell Steve that Wanda's still out there, don't bring up the 'sleeping with people while they're mind controlled, and whether or not it's assault' part."
Then the black, angular lines of the seals had formed on her skin – on her hands, on the back of her neck – and Chthon's presence had ceased battering at the frayed edges of the mental walls she'd thrown up against him as abruptly as a candle being blown out. Now, Strange seemed like an ordinary man, no more or less appealing than any other, and the ceaseless whispering that had echoed through her skull for longer than she could remember was finally silent.
Wanda gave him an annoyed look, and he belated realized that maybe it would have been wiser not to point out that the Helicarrier was, in fact, slightly safer than the mansion at the moment, though it was obvious enough that Steve wouldn't really have needed the confirmation.  A moving target was always harder to hit than a stationary one.
“I had the power to do it,” she went on.  “For two minutes, I was a god.  I could have brought Vision back.”
"Tony," Steve's blue eyes took on a wounded, plaintive look that Tony was almost certain he was largely faking. "You promised you were actually going to take today off, and not just use the Extremis to telecommute."
"Take her," she told Byrne, as she knelt by the table, trying to disentangle the girl's arms from around her neck. "Make sure nobody hurts her."
Sharon raised her eyebrows.  "You can tell her yourself.  I try not to interfere in your relationship."  Something about the way she said it made Tony automatically want to protest that he and Maria Hill didn't
Steve spun sideways, grabbing the man's wrist and using his own momentum to pull him forward, flipping him over Steve's knee and face-first into the ground.
They would, of course. Tony was already seen as so much fresh, bloody meat for prospective corporate sharks, with his company barely solvent again and his personal record so very, very shaky. He was getting tired of having to fend off politely worded doubts about SI's viability as a company every time he turned around, not to mention doubt about his ability to competently oversee it.
"How are we going to do that?" she asked. It was a perfectly reasonable way to begin, but she nevertheless felt a hint of trepidation. What exactly would he want her to do? Presumably nothing dangerous, but if she failed... Strange would probably have no compunctions about refusing to teach her any further.
Clint was surrounded by a small cluster of people, patting a short, grey-haired woman awkwardly on the shoulder as she sobbed into her hands. She had just lost a newly purchased apartment that had probably been close to a million-dollar investment, along with everything of hers that had been in it; what did you say to someone like that? 'I'm sorry everything you own was destroyed, but at least you're still alive?'
a baby? It had been hard enough telling Steve, watching the brief flash of excitement and hope fade from his eyes. In his shoes, he knew, Steve would go through with it, keep the baby, even if it cost him the chance to return to his own gender forever. Because it was the right thing to do. Because Steve never put his own selfish desires above what was best for other people.
. He'd always preferred Nick and Nora and the Continental Op to Sam Spade, anyway. Or one of Vision's Philip Marlowe stories...
There was a brief, uncomfortable silence, as the Avengers carefully avoided Wanda's eyes. She resisted the urge to tug at her gloves nervously, and turned the half-finished reach to check the tattoo at the base of her neck into a tug at her hair. "I defeated him once," she said. "There has to be a way to do it again."
"I've been on the cover of that, too. And in Esquire," Tony rambled. Steve was strongly tempted to just tell him to go to bed, that the rest of them would handle the press conference. If he suggested it, though, Tony would almost certainly refuse. "Supposedly, it was an article on business," Tony went on, "but I always did suspect them of ulterior motives. They kept asking me to pose with my shirt unbuttoned."
Hank's lab was approximately twenty feet by thirty-five feet - pacing from one side to the other took ten steps in each direction. Tony turned, keeping Wanda in sight, and started another circuit.
