God I’d love to back there now instead of milling about with idiots I barely remember from medical school.
John pushed Sherlock to the side as Mary, shaking with rage and of manic vengeance pointed the gun at John  but before she could do so John pointed his gun at her and shot her exactly where she had shot Sherlock months ago.
"You must have seen a lot of injuries then, violent deaths, been in fatal danger, especially in the last few years"
“You know nothing! Nothing about what he did, they deserve it, they deserve everything.” Lisa yelled as she ran onto the pitch.
Jameela was still staring at the backroom door, wondering about the force of nature that had guessed ? deduced? , her whole life in minutes, when Shanaya walked back in with a measuring tape and ducked behind the counter to remove  different fabric.
Jameela closed her eyes and tried to fight down the revulsion and anger she felt rising. This was the fifth time someone had asked about “fun” Kashmir and “adventurous” Kashmir and “tourist spot” Kashmir.
“John” Sherlock raised a hand “I should apologize. When you talked about being unattached- I thought you were asking me out. It was my mistake and I made things awkward”.
Shanaya had a hobby- well more an enthusiastic interest than a hobby. In her off time, which she had a considerable amount; most people were too predictable in their choices and wants and barely required actual brain work.
"I loved her very much and I did not want to cause her any unnecessary pain, so I readily agreed. We have been genuinely happy for the last two years . Until now"
“Okay” Jameela climbed out of the car and saw she was near a wedding hall. She could smell gulab jamuns from nearby.
Maanav had seemed to disappear to more interesting pastures as Shanaya went behind the counter and put the sari on it . She went towards the computer and typed in the type of sari and the customer .
“Sherlock no. You didn’t. I promise”. John said leaning over to Sherlock. “I was asking you out…but I realised I had gone the wrong way about it, and I haven’t stopped thinking about you since. Hence I
"He followed her into the forest and re-dug it up which is where he saw the design on the border. That's why he called me tonight"
Jameela stood straight as an iron board and stared blankly at the wall behind the now vacated chairs as she watched everyone leave. She turned on her heel and walked to the door as her mind struggled to stick to one thought.
Dr John Watson, walks down a solitary road with a lunch box. Dressed in her white coat. She is short but muscled. She walks with the familiar march of a soldier on duty, her back straight and looking ahead.Old habits die hard.
" Two months ago, a sari arrived in a string tied brown package for Elisha. It had a Pakistani stamp on it. I thought it was something she had bought for herself for a family wedding from an online store so I put in our bedroom. When Elisha came home from work, I mentioned the package of the sari and her face went pale so fast I thought she'd faint. She ran into the room and threw it outside as if it was poisonous and set it on fire. I shouted and tried to stop it but she held my arm and begged me not to, I was unhappy but I agreed and helped her bury the burned scraps in the back garden."
The rickshaw stopped finally as the driver said dully, his voice already heavy with sleep he was looking forward to sinking in, "We're here madam".
dimag kahi ghaas charne gaya hain- your brain has left you to chew the cud . My grandmother says that lol. Basically it means that your brain has left to graze with the cows.
“Well, everything seems to be in order. Your EMI’s have to be regular and paid off 20th of every month for the next three years”.
I meant what I said before. About love. But then I met you. You impossible woman who laughed at my jokes. Who said brilliant when others would have abused me. Brave and kind. You understood what it was like to take that leap over the edge and fall to the ground. My conductor of light.
“Yeah I know. That teaches me to listen to shit my brother said. ‘Date two girls, three girls, as many as you like in uni’.” Murray mocked.
"Before we married, on our last day we spent apart as per tradition , but she visited me that night to speak to me about something important."
“What is wrong with the masses today? Why is everyone being so hatefully boring and dull? Why are they being so stupid? Why? Why hasn’t she called yet?!” Shanaya stopped pacing suddenly.
“Yes. The more time I spent with them, the more I came to see the benefit to having children. I liked showing them things. I liked their sense of wonder. It felt…good…knowing I had added something positive to their lives. Their affection was…nice.”
“Oh, no,” John assured him with a kiss to the end of his nose. “Nowhere else in the world I'd rather be.”
“Sherlock, dear! So glad you’ve come,” Margaret started, sounding a little winded. “We’re all in a bit of a tizzy here, I’m afraid.”
John looked up at the woman he'd dated all those years ago—before the fall, before Mary, before...all of it. She was still incredibly beautiful, with dark hair without a hint of silver, gorgeous dewy skin that hardly showed a trace of the time that had passed, and dark eyes that glittered with mischief.
“Oh, that’s lovely,” Greg crowed. “Now it’s my turn!” He turned his head to plant a kiss on Kit’s cheek, but blew a raspberry there instead.
He peered cautiously over the taller man’s shoulder, confirming the presence of two enormous men with no necks dressed all in black. The two goons slowed their pace as the gathering crowd turned to watch the “romantic reunion.” Unfortunately, the two enforcers continued to hover further down the platform, waiting for an opportunity—most likely when the other passengers lost interest in the scene John and his new companion were playing out in front of them.
Nothing would change how Mary had made him feel in the dark months after he thought he’d lost Sherlock, but the sting of her betrayal was in all the things he didn’t know. Which parts of “Mary Morstan” were real and which were simply part of the identity she’d assumed? He could accept that he’d sensed at least a little of the danger in her, and no doubt that was partly what had drawn him in. But how could he have missed the coldness that would drive her to kill his best friend in a misguided attempt to keep him from leaving her?
John sagged with relief, but remained vigilant. He still didn’t know who they were or what they wanted. There were multiple footsteps heading in his direction.
Sherlock took a deep breath through his nose as John pushed himself in, stretching Sherlock’s lips wide. John was neither gentle nor slow, not waiting for Sherlock to adjust before sliding his cock right to the back of Sherlock’s mouth.
At length, John broke the spell, his eyes darting to the door. “I really do have to go.” He patted Sherlock’s arm once more. “I’ll see you tomorrow at Bart’s. And don’t forget it’s your turn to bring Molly coffee.”
Sherlock turned back to him, completely naked now. John looked down at his mate’s stiff cock, carefully wrapped in one of the new condoms—he didn’t need to reassure himself that his alpha wanted him, but seeing the evidence made him shudder with anticipation. Sherlock’s eyes had darkened in response to John’s heat and John could tell he was only just holding on to his restraint. He would not lose himself completely the way he did when he was in rut, but he would be led by the needs of John’s body.
Mary shook her head. “He’ll kill you. Jimmy will kill you this time, John. He’ll see how much Sherlock loves you.”
Later that night, with the boys upstairs in bed giggling off their sugar high in lieu of actually sleeping, John crawled into a nice warm (but not too hot) bath. Sherlock was nearly finished with the last of the clearing up—including the sticky icing—and shooed John out of the kitchen.
Sherlock watched him without fear, eyes watering once more at the bite of John’s hand in his hair. “Please,” he whispered.
“Easy, now.” John dragged himself up and over Sherlock until they were nose to nose. His own aching cock needed some attention and he suspected Sherlock wouldn’t last much longer. “I need to fuck you. Can you take me?”
John groaned, painfully aware of the latex covering his hands. He was about to tug the gloves off when a thought occurred.
“I think his name is Holmes, although he’s muttered something that sounded like Kovács when he wasn’t speaking in English. He talks about…sometimes it’s the past, I think,” John admitted. “Old friends, perhaps his days at school. And then other times it sounds as though he’s recounting an escape.”
Jeremy stayed behind, no longer making any pretence of not eavesdropping. He waited, looking between Greg and John.
“Great. Thanks,” John said swiftly. Once the cameras stopped, to allow Michael to make his exit, John turned to the producer nearby. “Would it be possible for us to have a look without the cameras, just for a moment or two?”
"Not much we can do about that." John sat and crossed his legs. He smiled at Sherlock as he stirred his own tea.
John grabbed one arm and waited for his colleague—Ames—to take the other. “There will be an opportunity for you to do so once we’ve determined whether or not your case will be referred for prosecution.”
“Oh, come on, John,” Yasmine wheedled. “You’re just so much better at dealing with these ones. You know the sort: posh, arrogant, full of shite.”
“Then he whispered my name and I more or less melted. The only other thing he said to me before he slipped into rut was ‘Are you quite certain?’”
John swiftly released Sherlock’s bum to give his full attention to the shirt that was now blocking his path. Sherlock released John’s shoulders to help—fingers shaking as he tried to get the buttons undone as quickly as possible.
“Sex is not the determining factor in a relationship, Sherlock,” John started, trying not to sound too much like a doctor. “I knew you might lean more towards the graysexual end of the spectrum, given your history.”
John was about to ask what that meant when Sherlock dove for the wall, snagging the emergency stop lever as he fell. John flew backward as the train’s emergency brakes squealed to life. Sherlock, still clinging to the lever, grabbed at John’s coat and pulled him in close. They held on to each other as the train shuddered and dragged to a slow stop.
“Fucking right it was,” John snapped, finally turning back to face Sherlock. He gasped a little at the blue-green of Sherlock’s eyes and the dark circles beneath them. The pallor of the angular face. “Jesus, Sherlock. I almost lost you. Again.” John cleared his throat and sniffed away a tear he refused to shed. “But I can’t do this.”
“Patience,” John breathed, trying to work his own cock free of his trousers. He pumped his middle finger in and out of Sherlock’s body until he was reasonably certain he could add another without discomfort. He slid his index finger in alongside the first and scissored his fingers, gently stretching at the tight (oh, god, so tight) rings of muscle.
William let him cry until he had nothing left. He rubbed John’s back and whispered words of support. It had been so long since John had had a family that he’d forgotten how good it felt to have people to cling to when you needed them.
“Oi, oi, easy now,” the nurse—Baz, according to his nametag—said briskly. He scooted in close to John’s bed, and urged John to lie back down. “Come on. Just relax.”
John pushed back into the lovely sensation, allowing the head of Sherlock’s prick to slip into place. “Oh GOD!!!”
“Tired, but just fine. I checked my BP; very close to normal.” John smiled at Sherlock’s solemn nod at this information. “And I did have help. Mycroft and Greg helped with the food—which was pretty entertaining, by the way. Has your brother ever actually eaten a hot dog before?”
John’s mouth tightened. “What are you suggesting? That I volunteered to do my part to defeat a madman for the thrill of it?”
He knew he was not a commanding presence, being of smaller stature and relatively unarresting features. His close-cropped, greying sandy brown hair was nothing to take note of, though his dark blue-greyish eyes were all right, he supposed. Still, most people these days hardly paid him any attention. He moved through London’s crowded streets like a ghost, only occasionally meriting a look of pity when someone noticed his cane.
Sherlock sat back in his chair and clasped his hands in his lap. John had been very short-tempered of late. There was no value in provoking him.
“You’d be surprised,” John drawled. “And you did attempt to carry your kit through. Did it not occur to you that there would be enough traces on the box and on your case—and probably your gloves—to attract the dogs?”
Heartbroken and bereaved, even more so when Mary, too left him on this miserable realm without the man he had loved beyond his life, his home, his wife and everything.
Shanaya's mind spun round and round wildly, at the three words that she had hoped, yet disbelieved its chances of something like this ever becoming reality. The soldier sat with a barely restrained eagerness she saw in herself, as they anticipated a mystery chock-filled with danger and adventure.
John shivered as a gust of wind came in through the window and reached for the remaining cards without speaking.
“Hi”. A tap on his other shoulder turned John away “Did I hear you’re on the rugby team?” A dark haired brown girl said in an East End accent.
In another place, that spirit took the form of a former maths professor and initiated his plan to destroy Sherlock Holmes.
“150 years. Pretty sure that turtle has been older than our story Sherlock”. Mary said as she got up and turned around to point a gun at him.
“ That’s not what people usually say”. Shanaya said wryly as she picked up two saris and beckoned Jameela to follow her out of the backroom.
Jameela gave an acknowledging laugh and conceded with a shrug at Shanaya who laughed a little too at her expression.
She needed to keep talking, Jameela thought with a slight hint of desperation as Shanaya's erect position and lovely bronzed hands were starting to get to her. Her drawn-up height with two strands of hair on both sides of her face hanging down. Slivers of moonlight sometimes shone upon her face, which did not help Jameela 's ogling, as her goddamn cheekbones were bouncing off the fucking walls . Her hands looked so damn smooth and tempting to touch, that she needed to keep talking, if she didn't want to out herself as a freak already.
Shanaya had silently pointed towards multiple turns by now, as they entered into areas only lit by the moon and the rickshaw's headlights. Jameela looked out to see houses and buildings disappearing, to leave only barren hills and closed tea stalls and dhabbaas on both sides of the road. As the rickshaw passed farmland with tall wheat plants , Jameela spoke again.
Jameela smiled a little at the thought of the smugness radiating from the mad genius woman as she would say “Obviously”. She stifled a giggle.
“I don’t know man. I just moved in and I don’t know if I even have a sari or something”. Jameela said frowning.
As the mother left with the bag muttering uncomplimentary words in Marathi for Shanaya, the daughter hung back “Dude, how did you know about my dad?”
All she knows is that Shanaya is a lot more dangerous than she first seems. Jameela didn't quite know whether that wasn't a good thing.
Jameela looked at the tall curly haired woman with strong cheekbones and a jaw that could cut glass and took out her phone “You can use mine” offering it to her.
This was the end of their story. The man who loved but was afraid to say, the man who loved but never knew he was loved equally.
"She likes to worry. Who knows why? Makes her feel needed I think" Shanaya said dismissively but Jameela smiled slightly at the barest hint of fondness in Shanaya's eyes.
My former husband and I hated each other. We didn’t like or tolerate each other even, as is for most of arranged marriages. Plus he was a “traditional”, read sexist dick.
“No not really. Met a couple of the old instructors. That was …a pleasant and not mortifying experience.” Jameela joked, trying to lighten the awkwardness that had settled in.
“Pride. Ego. Take your pick. Adam Jones was the only one to have had a breakup around the time the thefts began. After that it was a matter of catching her in the act.” Sherlock said.
Her arms are finally working. She moves her arms and swims to the surface. She is so close to breaking through. The figure on the hill still stands close to the edge. Unwilling to go over. The figure looks down at the drowning girl.
Parakram Padak- Wound Medal. Indian military award served to people in all governmental organizations including the military in case of injuries sustained as a result of direct enemy action in any type of operations.
It was the middle of winter, so it was already pretty dark. Street singers, vendors were packing up and leaving. Couples were enjoying the twilight, walking hand in hand. People were rushing off to meet their train presumably and there were one or two people, alone and just staring at the river, enjoying a moment of peace or ruminating about decisions and the life they have led until now.
Moriarty’s eyes were burning with hatred as his body vibrated unnaturally “This is my story. My hero. My TRIUMPH!” Moriarty screamed as he yelled at Mary -
How difficult is it to properly measure the border? This is primary school rubbish. Three inches more than what I asked for AND he tried to make me pay extra for it!
JOHN’s eyes filled with tears and fell on her face. A blinding smile grew on her face. She reached out to SHERLOCK’s trembling hand and held it to her heart. Their foreheads touched as they both cried.
Jameela ran upstairs and took out her duffle bag and dumped all of her clothes in it along with her laptop. She zipped the bag up and flung it on the floor as she dragged her black trunk out.
Hello John. You smell of formaldehyde and have knee scabs with grass stains on your feet. We’re only using formaldehyde during Anatomy and there was a rugby match yesterday in which you scored a try. Obvious really. What’s slightly less obvious is why this woman is taking us to the rugby fields.
John hit the sharp implement away and yelled “She’s getting away!” “Tell them to follow me now”. He ordered Murray and ran after Sherlock into the dark.
I'm so overwhelmed at your response guys. thank you for liking my little fic. I love that you're all loving this.
“So, are you staying in Salunke now?” Maanav walked with her as Jameela picked up a carton of Tomato juice and put it in her basket.
They lived together. They ate together. They fought together. It was always the two of them against the rest of the world.
Trying not to blush and getting annoyed at the fact she was trying not to blush, Jameela stalked a little towards the backroom, starting to get aware of the attractiveness of the mysterious genius woman who was going to touch her and wrap the measuring tape around her abdomen and breasts.
But among the maelstrom, there was one voice that became louder. Jameela struggled not to buckle under the pressure of that now almost deafening voice, as she walked out of the Officers Mess.
Jameela followed the man hurriedly muttering frantically “Damnit Harsha, what the hell did you do now? Isn’t Clara supposed to be doing this?”
“AFMC. I’m teaching the best upcoming army doctors in the country. God I hate them”. Maanav chuckled. Jameela forced a light chuckle out.
John frowned and looked for a pen until he saw one lying next to him. He quickly picked it up and scrawled on it.
Jameela stood ramrod straight until she heard the man leave the hall. She turned to see the woman in the car
"Oh yes! My name is Mrs Hanglem. I am the landlady here" The lady exclaimed. She grabbed her keys from the side table presumably and grabbed hold of Jameela's trunk. Jameela tried to protest but the scarily sturdy lady picked it up like it was a sack of onions and briskly walked up the stairs, chattering away, leaving an impressed and bemused Jameela to follow her up.
But sometimes, she got comments on her blog and mysterious emails. Requests by people who find mysterious codes (or who think they have) in their clothing. From mysterious threading denoting the ancient Fibonacci sequence to the flower printing on the border conveying a message from the Victorian Flower Language, the problems the
" The most dangerous woman you've ever come across, and really not my concern or yours for that matter, right now. Ask the question you really want to ask". Shanaya said dismissively.
“ Yeah. I think so. Probably”. Jameela said as she cast one more admiring and wondering look back at the extraordinary woman who somehow still looked mysterious and charming when she was cursing and hitting her computer.
“12th standard farewell ceremony. A pointlessly formal exercise of hymns, boring speeches and stuff from the Bible said by tediously preachy Bishops, after which she which she’ll probably never wear it again.” Shanaya said curtly. “Plus” she said after giving the mother and the bored daughter sitting on the stool near the entrance playing some insipid game on her phone “You can’t really afford it can you? Go with the blue poly cotton one. Easier to explain to your penny pinching husband”.
“Thanks Mike.” He said with a shaky unconvincing smile to his face as he swung the guitar strap over his head as the waitress announcer started tapping the mic.
"So, the flat is a split level. The drawing room, kitchen and dining room is downstairs and two beds are upstairs. The rent should be paid at the first of every month. Shanaya's payment comes like clockwork regularly. The only thing she does that doesn't give me a heart attack I tell you- all her goings on, funny noises, itni badboo aati hain my God. Mujhe nahi pata woh ladki aadha waqt kya karti rehti hain" and so she talked away at an astonishing speed somehow switching between Hindi, Marathi and English in the same sentence with natural ease.
"Oh, hello. Are you Dr Watwe?" A stocky lady with grey streaks in her hair clad in a blue nightdress peeked out from the gated door from the ground floor flat.
You’ve thought something was there before, how did that turn out? That insidious voice piped up again.
panditji- priest basically. its usually a term used for holy persons or astrologers or anyone dealing in the religious and mystical sort of thing.
“To our Watson- may he tackle many men twice his height.” Murray said drunkenly, already three beers down.
She opened a drawer and removed the fabric “It’s meant to be handled and touched regularly. Not forgotten in a cupboard and left there to be eaten by moths.”
“And I read your army career in your stance and your brother’s drinking habits through your mobile phone”. Shanaya said smoothly.
“Yes, in that time, you’ve seen the back area and now you’re moving in together. Might I expect an elopement soon?” The woman said
“My salary isn’t in yet and this hand is shit. Fold.” Murray said as he threw his cards on the table.
Sherlock looked aghast as he rapidly tried to make sense of what they were saying. 120 years? Revenge? What are they talking about?
“Sounds great. But first.” John leaned over and placed a soft kiss on Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock noticeably froze for a split second until John moved his lips. Sherlock held John’s strong shoulders as he kissed him back more forcefully, his mind in a state of rare complete silence and afire at the same time.
Jameela looked at her retreating back with complete wonder and turned to Maanav who was smiling wryly “Told you”.
SHERLOCK and John laughed through their tears. Their lips met in a tender kiss as the rain raged out below.
“He was always so scared. So petrified John. Of you, of me. Of himself. I don’t know why you liked him so much. You even took that ring with you to uni.” Harry said, her words not slurring so much now.
She gestures dramatically and sighs as in real pain. JOHN’s mouth twitches as if trying not to laugh.
She would have to add the Retired to her post box soon. How did her grandfather do it? Was it the full word or the short form in a bracket before the name?
Shanaya just raised her eyebrows “ Obviously. Come back tomorrow”. She stole one last unnoticed glance at Jameela as she reached for inside of her purse.
Their first meeting, the first of many, they were two lonely men who met in a hospital. He enchanted him with his shining brilliance and cured a damaged man’s malaise and loneliness.
“Damn it Watson. I really thought tonight was the night I was going to beat your ass. Needed it too”. Sally said good humouredly as she chucked over a five pound note towards him.
The next day, an annoyed and grumpy John stood with his hands in his pockets on the spectator’s end of the rugby pitch as rain poured down.
“Are you that imbecilic, itna bevakuf hain that you don’t get what the hell be careful with silk means??!! Look, “She gestured furiously at the tiny hole in the cloth on the hem “dimag kahi ghaas charne gaya hain”. She glared at the terrified delivery boy before she saw a familiar figure coming towards her. She glared at the delivery boy “I’ll deal with you later. Now shoo”. She gestured imperiously at the boy who scarpered away as fast as his legs could take him.
“Uh yes. John. John Watson” John smiled with an extra dose of ‘pulling at a pub’ charm. As the bartender passed on the drinks to him. He looked over at Mike and motioned to Murray’s slumping form on the chair. Mike looked at John and the girl next to him with knowing understanding and nodded.
No one other than an Army woman would inscribe their name, age, and rank on the Tiffin... Dr. Watson
Silence falls between the two compatriots. Meanwhile, the noise of the children playing starts to increase as the afternoon becomes evening.
Jameela strained to look up to the intense brown eyed woman who held out the measuring tape and said “ Shall we?”
“Actually would you mind? There’s a registrar office ten minutes from here. Mycroft can make the arrangements, I’m sure.”
"You must be Ms Hardikar. I wasn't told someone else would also be coming, however". Mr Choudhary looked concernedly at Jameela.
A soft creaking noise came from behind as the pub door opened, admitting some four people, at the head a tall sultry woman with grey eyes clad in a slinky black dress with blood-red lipstick on the arm of a bored pale curly haired man with high cheekbones and irresistible blue-green eyes.
“John.” Mary breathed as if in shock and suddenly a look of fear came into her eyes as she removed her finger from the trigger “John, Moriarty forced-
“I think we’d best leave the lovebirds alone sweetheart” Irene said to her girlfriend. Molly opened her mouth to protest but when she looked at Sherlock her mouth formed an “O” and tookIrene’s proffered arm and walked away.
Except that, he never truly loved her. Not the way the stories say. Not with the devotion and passion he had slaving over his stories.
“Yes, yes. I did. Shush Rosie. It’s been a 120 something years. I need to take this in.” Jim said gleefully.
As the police took away a snarling and shouting Lisa, John leaned back onto the stand, trying to catch his breath, after a second Sherlock leaned back next to him.
She is drowning. Her head struggles to break through from under the water. She struggles to breathe as she flaps her hands uselessly to try and swim to the top. From the shimmering water, she can see a hill. An indistinct solitary figure stands at the edge of the hill. The figure is staring down at the pool.
“I’ll be downstairs in fifteen minutes.” Jameela said to the assistant lady whatever. She stepped out of the car and smirked at her, “Keep the meter running.”
“Hey, Mike.” John knocked on his door. “Could I borrow your laundry card for today? I can’t find mine.”
Since that day she had felt that pressure, that heaviness of that piece of ribbon weighing her down as she walked through the streets. She felt the ache of that burden and an emptiness that had filled her heart in the absence of a purpose… a life.
“Watson? Greg. You’re right on time.” A soaked tall fair boy with pretty dark eyes came running up to him and shook his hand.
Now, this chapter is going to start certain themes for this story. Because I'm a smartarse who loves TJLC and the beautiful metas. So I am going to have a few running themes in this story that will help my babies figure out their way, hopefully creating a little angst and tension .
The roaring in his ears and the deafening sound of his heart shattering on the floor when James refused and broke up with him.
“John my little one, didn’t you get the memo- we’re all Watsons! We’re all disasters of our own making. Let’s enjoy the descent into hell while we can”. Harry’s voice cackled as John hung up firmly.
Thankfully at that time, a huge light came from the left. “Um, I’ll take this bus.” John said hurriedly. Sherlock opened his mouth to say something but John interrupted, really not wanting to take another…just no. “Thanks…Sherlock.” He smiled forcedly at him and almost ran onto the bus, leaving behind a bewildered and slightly sad looking Chemistry genius.
Jameela was a doctor so this was done voluntarily and not as a dare or prank of some sorts. The tattoo had meaning since she needed to take time out. It had taken a long while so it was someone she knew , someone she trusted with her body.
“Oh yeah. My assignment partner is friends with the violinist. She insisted we go to see him.” “I think she has a thing for him” Lisa mock whispered.
It had taken a while for John to catch on—which was ironic, really. Finally, three days ago, he'd had confirmation that the funny feeling he'd been wrestling with for weeks was actually dread. It was a blow to realize that Sherlock really had been finding excuses (a cold and cough, late nights out with the Yard, insomnia, etc.) not to sleep with him in the bed they'd shared for almost 16 years.
“I know. Mycroft’s told me.” John pushed to his feet and reached down to help Sherlock up with the baby in his arms. “He’s prepared a safe house for us. We can leave once the sun goes down again. For today, we have his private apartment down here at our disposal.”
Kit smiled his satisfaction and resumed eating his lunch, which was his current favourite of cheese toasties and quartered cherry tomatoes.
They tumbled together into the flat, still kissing as they attempted to tug at coats and jumpers. Shoes were kicked off into corners, and shirts and trousers and pants were unceremoniously dropped to the floor. Sherlock was nibbling at John’s collarbone, mumbling something.
Within minutes, John was shoving the door open and tossing his cane to the floor. He turned to reach for Sherlock as the man followed him into the small compartment and closed the door behind them. Sherlock fell into him, groaning as their mouths pressed together.
Fortunately, Mrs. H had willed the flat to her niece Louise, who was a lovely girl who lived with her husband in Cornwall. Louise had decided to hold the property as an investment (very sensible) and allow them to continue to let the B flat from her. The ground floor A flat had been let several times, usually to young professionals who were rarely a bother. 221C had been fixed up and converted into storage for the two flats.
John cleared his throat. He tried to look up at Sherlock and failed, instead focusing his attention on the centre of the taller man’s chest as he whispered. “Thank you.”
“John—so good. So tight for me…” Sherlock moaned, managing a few more thrusts before reaching his own peak. He buried himself in John’s warm, wet sheath and filled him full of seed.
“Unca Greg!!” Kit cried, instantly wriggling to be free of his daddy’s embrace. He slid to the floor and rushed down the corridor toward Greg, who moved to scoop him up.
“John there’s something I should say, I’ve meant to say always, but I never have. Since its unlikely we’ll ever meet again, I might as well say it now.”
“Hmmm? Oh, well, I went to over to centrifuge some samples, but they’ve got some new equipment. It’s related to that new genetics technology Molly and I went to learn about last month. Revolutionary. I wanted to go back to that unsolved mutilation case from last year and see if this might provide some insight.”
John’s face softened. “I love you, you berk. I don’t care what your parents are like or how you get on. We’re a unit, you and I. For good.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hummed. He looked at John as he grabbed his suit jacket and pulled it on. “I trust you’ll be here to ensure that I am appropriately
John swallowed, his mouth suddenly bone dry. He’d never had the courage to embrace this side of his fantasy life before; now it was being handed to him on a silver platter. “Sherlock, christ…”
“Know what?” Sherlock’s voice trembled as the backs of John’s knuckles brushed over the warm skin of his belly.
John watched him, sick at the expression on his son’s face. “Oh, Kit. I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have shouted. I’m not angry with you.”
“Fuchs was busy disciplining his men so I knew the corridor would be empty. When I had been brought in, I had taken note of a garbage chute toward the far end of the wing where I was being held. I wound up in the basement. Borrowed some clothes from an old locker — I presume they belonged to the cleaning staff. And voila! I walked out of the building, with at least thirty minutes before I was missed.”
“Then we’ll have company soon. Who are they, Sherlock?” John asked softly. “And what is that?” He jerked his thumb at the small package Sherlock had brought with them from the sleeper car.
John swallowed hard against the tears and turned away with a sniff. He clenched his jaw, scanning the horizon—anything to keep from looking at the man he loved saying goodbye. Again.
“Where did he come from, do you suppose?” Margaret wondered aloud, reaching down to brush a dark ringlet from the young man’s face.
“I know. I didn’t tell you how I felt. You didn’t know how much I—” John swallowed hard. “I lost the one thing on earth that I really didn’t think I could live without. I was shattered.”
Now, as he reached the end of the corridor, John was exceedingly grateful that things between them were agreed. He could see through the open door that Sherlock had already seated himself on the edge of the bed. His hands rested on his thighs and he watched John approach with a placid expression.
“You said yourself that you had never experienced anything like this before. We are meant to be together, somehow. I know it. We could live here. Pretend to be flat mates,” John continued, not really listening. “I can share the rent and I can cook, a little. And I say we would need to be careful, but really I wouldn’t ask for…well, I know it’s a bit of a cheek to think you could love someone like me, so I wouldn’t expect anything, you know,
For his own growing confidence, he owed a debt to the wise counsel of his father-in-law. Will had very quickly assured him that no first-time parent—whatever they might say—felt equipped. Certainly no first time parent thought they were getting it all right.
With a last look over his shoulder, John allowed his father-in-law to direct him out towards the stairs.
“I’ve organized the cleaners and they are finishing upstairs now,” Margaret continued. She reached for a pitcher and started filling the tall glasses that were waiting beside it. “Lemon squash?”
“Hmmm,” Kit said thoughtfully, not looking up from his blocks. “That word in the middle sounds like ‘Papa.’”
“Oh, jesus!” John ground his hips into Sherlock’s arse, the arm that was bearing his weight now shaking. He eased down, allowing his full weight to press Sherlock into the bed as they both trembled through the aftershocks.
John brushed a thumb over Sherlock’s bruised cheek. “Yeah,” he whispered. “Me, too. When I set out for the train last night, I could never have imagined…this.”
Sherlock grunted his acknowledgment, guiding John’s fingers to the tip of his cock. “So close. So close. Wait for me…There.
Sherlock contemplated telling him—pointing out his observations about John’s drinking and the connection he had made in his Mind Palace between drinking and fear—but perhaps that was a conversation best left to a later time. “Just wondered.”
“I know this isn’t ideal,” Sherlock rumbled. He rolled John gently to his back and stretched out alongside him. He started mouthing at John’s bond bite. “But surprise heats aren’t all bad. Remember, that’s what brought us together.”
He moaned, drawing the attention of the naked alpha. John admired the line of Sherlock’s toned body, the curve of his buttocks, every muscle in his back defined beneath the sheen of sweat on his skin.
Sherlock gasped as John grabbed both sides of his face and dragged him close. Every last trace of the fear and bitterness and rage that had dominated John’s world since his injury drained out of him. They were replaced by a grateful ache he couldn’t even begin to name, but it cried out for his alpha. He kissed Sherlock, and kissed him, and kissed him.
After 72 hours, Dr. Khamir felt it was safe to ease Sherlock off the sedation. On the third morning, John showered and changed and went to fetch himself something for breakfast. When he returned, Sherlock was very much awake.
If his theory and the combination of drugs were correct, John should be trying to kill him by now. Not standing over him with that unbelievably attractive smile, chest heaving…
“He’s in the back,” Sherlock said sharply, turning his back on Mycroft and the goons. He didn’t wait for his brother to nod his approval to the two men—he knew it would happen. Instead, he stared out the front window and listened to the footsteps carrying them into his bedroom.
Sherlock rubbed his fingers through the sticky mess and attempted to push some of it back inside his mate’s body. “Fun is nice, too,” he mused.
He stepped into place behind Holmes and wrapped both arms around him. Holmes sighed his pleasure and helpfully held his arms up and out of the way. John pressed his cheek against Holmes’ shoulder blade as he filled each hand with a well-rounded pectoral muscle. He kneaded for a moment, tweaking at tightening nipples, and pressing kisses into the man’s back through the silk shirt.
“Sherlock! Sherlock, stop it!” John followed, attempting to restrain the taller man. “Hey, stop it. Come on.” He managed to catch hold of Sherlock’s elbow and held on, turning the man to face him. “This is…I don’t know if sweet is the right word. That you’d be willing to do this for me and for Em; that means a lot.”
He was still pondering this as he exited the cab at 221B. He glanced up, suddenly feeling weary, and his heart lightened. The lights were on.
John nodded, reaching up to run his fingers through his alpha’s unruly mop of hair. “In your own time.”
“It’s just—we hadn’t really discussed…” John shrugged, looking down at his hands in his lap. Sherlock reached up from his chair and settled a hand on John’s thigh. John covered it with one of his own. “I just wanted more time to think about it. See how we got on with just two. You know?”
Mycroft returned his gaze to Sherlock and scoured him top to toe. Both eyebrows then shot towards his receding hairline. He opened his mouth to speak, closed it again, and then cleared his throat.
John sank back onto the dildo and let the knot pop through his swollen hole. His body contracted around the object inside his passage as he shot his load out all over the shower curtain.
Sherlock nodded into John’s shoulder, where his brow had come to rest. Inch by inch, he eased his massive cock inside John’s willing body. As far advanced as his heat was now, John required no other preparation.
“When you deduced that I was attracted to Michael, I wasn’t surprised or embarrassed,” John said softly. “Because you got it wrong.”
By the time Sherlock emerged from their bedroom, immaculately turned out in a dark suit, Drew had nursed from both breasts and been heartily burped. Kit had eventually been distracted by his Thomas tracks on the floor, where he was now ensconced.
He did try to contain his good mood, but today it had spilled over. Much to everyone’s mortification.
“All right,” Sherlock said quietly, brows furrowed. “This is your home. You’re free to do whatever you like.”
“What, that you believe I’m tone deaf to human emotion? That I lack empathy? That I’m a cold, selfish arsehole, even for an alpha?”
Sherlock snuggled John close and sighed with relief. “All right, then,” he rumbled, nosing at John’s neck. “That’s settled. In just a few weeks, we make it official.”
“Honestly, John,” Sherlock sighed. “I was beginning to think my idiot brother was never going to do anything about his little crush!”
“If you’re asking if I think you have in some way become physically unattractive,” Sherlock sniffed. “I don’t think I’ll dignify that with a response.”
Holmes arched a brow and scanned the room with a critical eye. He moved stiffly in the direction of the leather wingback chair nearest the window. He settled himself there, smoothing his trousers as he waited for John to take a seat on the settee next to him.
John knew better than to interrupt. He watched anxiously until Sherlock’s initial investigation was complete and then fell into step beside the man as they made their way out to the main street to hail a cab. Within a few short minutes, they were comfortably seated and on their way to Bart’s Hospital.
The phone stopped ringing. John pulled himself to his hands and knees and rested there, bracing himself for getting his aching old bones to a standing position. As he finally managed to get to his feet, stretching the kinks out of his back and his bad shoulder, the phone began to ring again. John struggled over to the bedside table to answer it.
Sherlock allowed this to rattle inside his mind. He’d never been bothered by John’s denials about being gay. He’d always assumed that John fell somewhere else along the sexuality spectrum — he was certain there had been at least one same-sex encounter during John’s army years. Clearly, though, John had been keeping more than one secret.
“That’s because she’s very new, and she’s had a bit of a day,” John said wearily. He smiled at Kit, who was kneeling beside him on the bed peering down at their new family member.
Greg nodded once more with a lopsided smile. “Look, I hate to ask this here. I know you’re not really seeing many patients these days…”
"What about you?" John called over his shoulder, still seated in his chair. "Are you coming to bed tonight?"
“On the other hand, I think it’d be better if I give you a size extra, so I can use the extra fabric to make you a blouse. It will come inclusive in the total cost so you don’t have to worry. I know you have unemployment issues Dr-…..
Jameela was again taken aback by the smile and the seeming callous casualness with which she said that, but somehow she didn’t quite believe that that was all there was to it.
John stared at Sherlock repeatedly. Even with the streetlight, Sherlock still took his breath away. John inched closer to him until he remembered the green clad woman.
I mean, obviously she’s amazing and gorgeous and a genius and funny and- “whoa, calm down there woman”. Jameela stopped her thoughts before she went
Jameela went ramrod straight as she surreptitiously reached for her keys in her pocket. It’s not much, but it’s literally all she has as a weapon now.
SHERLOCK stopped, breathing heavily as she tried not to look at JOHN. John schooled in her expression as she heard her heart shatter in pieces.
Jameela reacted instinctively, spilling her drink a bit as she elbowed in the general direction of the voice’s groin.
"Yes, this happened yesterday. But before that, something even more peculiar happened. One of the boys from the property behind mine, had found a piece of cloth nailed to the garden door and had brought it to me. I demanded to know if they had torn it from their mother's saris and used it as a prank, but they denied it. I disposed of it and thought it nothing more than a stupid joke. Until I mentioned it offhandedly to my wife. She got very upset and asked me to tell her if something like this happens again".
Ghazia remained unperturbed, clearly having heard this rant before; she held her hands up in surrender “As you wish. Anyway, my break is over. Khuda Hafiz Shanaya.”
Jameela looked behind the rickshaw to check for any black car following them. Fortunately, it was mostly deserted road except for a few stragglers and homeless people sleeping on the pavements.
Sherlock got up from the floor a few inches away and dusted himself off as he walked to his John’s side –
But even Shanaya had to admit Ghazia had her uses. On dull days, when her mind kept racing out of control, Ghazia gave her fun mysteries to solve about whether the medicines she sold were harmful or not – which customer had come with a false prescription etc.
The woman narrowed her eyes at her “I know a great many things about her. Some things you don’t even know and some things you choose to hide from others. Have you told your new
Jameela smiled a slightly sad smile and said “So, did the college get a makeover worth crores recently or did you rob a bank?”
" We became friends in a certain way, and soon I realised I was deeply in love with her as any man can be. I asked her to marry me and she readily accepted . My family loved her as I did when they met her and celebrated our union with a big wedding in Delhi itself. I know I sound mad and unwise to marry a woman without knowing too much about her past or her origins Ms Hardikar, but I've never regretted one second of it".
“No. I - no, I want to do this.” John said with only a slight quaver to his voice, betraying his nervousness.
The car suddenly stopped as Jameela looked up confused for a second until she looked at the window and realized she had reached her apartment building.
I'm a loser honestly. I've been swamped with so much pointless ass work for the last two months and I gave an entrance test for a screenwriting degree class which i didn't get it coz life hates me and I've started preparing to do my Masters out of the country and I've been losing it honestly. But finally I'm back and here is another chapter.
John wakes up suddenly,sweating and shivering. She has two blankets around her in the sweltering heat of May. She struggles to catch her breath as she feels her pulse hammering away.
Shanaya’s smile didn’t fade but it seemed to dim a bit as she cleared her throat “Oh yes, of course it’s here.” She turned around to open a cupboard and rummaged through it.
"Take a seat Doctor and put your legs up. The tea really is a nice soporific" Shanaya said offhandedly as she walked down the stairs.
“Mate, I can hear the judgment in your tone. Atleast I haven’t shut myself off from everything except sports and studying for three years coz my high school boyfriend was too scared to acknowledge me.”
A tattoo. Presumably not a small one, but most likely covering her full back considering the hint of a flowing pattern from the sneak peek she got. The doctor didn't likely do "tramp stamps" as the kids today called it, nor would she have time to do so.
John sits on the same bench, with a tiffin of poha and a bottle of water. She takes a full spoon of poha in her mouth as the woman from the other day flounces down next to her again.
"After I spoke to you, an hour later I received that bloody package , this time it was addressed to me. I tore it open and I saw the sari, and I saw nothing truly out of the ordinary, nothing to be afraid of as such. But when my wife snuck into the forest in the dead of night to bury it . I knew there was something wrong".
Murray shifted guiltily “I don’t know what happened! I had them until we got back to her place and then I remembered them with me when I came back to uni and…
“Yeah , I forgot to ask that yesterday. How did you know about my - uh, brother’s drinking habits?” Jameela asked.
Shanaya drummed her fingers on her thigh, to an invisible beat only she could hear.She sighed with a growing impatience at the asthmatic 50 year old man with a distant wife and resentful children. His desk was dusty, has food stains all over the desk and cluttered with paperwork; clearly a lack of care is not only a contentious issue in his personal life.
“Yeah, but I smell more than my clothes right now. So shower first and then laundry. Anyway I need to go to the library to study afterwards”. John said as he opened the door to his room.
"I don't quite know how to explain this, Ms Hardikar. These are very strange incidents I would have taken for a senseless joke, but it has taken a toll on my wife. She is a kind and beautiful woman who I love dearly, but now there is such a haunted and fearful look in her eyes, I would do anything to take it away" Hemish said anxiously wringing his hands as Jameela sat down on the red sofa.
“Lisa has this friend who is friends with this violinist who’s going to play today. They wanted to go tonight” Murray said as he looked around for the new Lisa.
“Your phone has tiny scuff marks around the edge. His hands shake when he plugs in his phone every night. Classic sign of alcohol abuse. Plus you have a phone that was clearly a present from his spouse as the inscription says “
John gripped the chain hard as he thought about how easy it was for James to let go. How easy it was for James to walk away. From him- from them.
“Tar, not ten minutes in he called Gail an idiot, told her she was having an affair with the Bio professor and that she lied about her grade in Chemistry. It may not be that much of a mystery.”
"This is more ... active and definitely more dangerous. I don't quite know if this is your thing" Shanaya said haughtily , Jameela spluttered indignantly at the pompous woman as she tried to formulate a response but Shanaya had already opened the door and stepped out.
“You wouldn’t have to do all that much. Just pass some information along to me about her. Nothing indiscreet of course. Just how she’s doing”.
Sherlock spun in circles, trying to gather his thoughts without success. How could he go back to life without John? How could he live alone now that he’d realized he had a counterpart—a mate, in every sense of the word? How could he possibly—
“Look, I don’t want to ruin tonight. I want us to have the kind of dinner we used to. Can we do that? Can tonight just be…different?”
“I am aware of his injuries, but it is of paramount importance that we remove Mr. Holmes to a secure location immediately.” More gently, the man said. “Another two hours is unlikely to make much difference, medically. We must hope for the best.”
The door snapped open and their fertility specialist, another old friend of John’s from Bart’s, breezed into the room.
John felt a shiver of unease. He didn’t want to just let things go. He didn’t want to gloss over their problems. He knew there was something wrong, and he’d been preparing to finally deal with whatever it was. But maybe they both needed a reprieve. A break from their current reality; a little romantic dinner to ease the tension between them.
“Hello, Angelo,” Sherlock replied as the large man offered his hand. Sherlock moved to shake it, only then realizing that John still had hold of his right hand.
He dragged himself from his bed and padded to his small kitchen. With one hand, he switched the kettle on; with the other, he reached for his favourite mug.
“No, you don’t.” John took Sherlock’s hand and squeezed it. “Sherlock, this happened far too quickly. And you are very young. And you have been so opposed to the idea of love and sex until now. You weren’t ready. I couldn’t allow you to do that to yourself.”
“So the baby was unplanned,” John said. “William told me Sherlock was. Not all pregnancies are thought through.”
Sherlock flushed with joy as he drove their bodies together—up and back, up and back. He watched John’s every gasp and needy thrust with delight. He was making John feel this. And John was making him feel…
It wasn’t as though John was immune to him entirely. He knew that. He knew, too, that it was ridiculous to think John could love him back in the same way—regardless of what happened in his Mind Palace. Yet there was still something between them. Perhaps…
Sherlock crossed the sitting room in two strides and gathered John into his arms. He dropped his chin to John’s shoulder and sighed.
“No, I understand. I’m a machine,” Sherlock ground out. “And I know what I did—faking my death and then coming back into your life so casually. I know how awful that was. I
John nodded, fighting to keep the tears from his eyes. He stood back and watched as Sherlock’s litter was picked up and carried out to the waiting truck. The tall man paused beside him as Sherlock was loaded into the back.
John turned, nearly at the end of the platform and began the walk back to the car where he knew his berth was located. His halting gait echoed a little as he made his way alongside the First Great Western Night Riviera. As he passed, staff emerged from the train and began setting up for boarding.
“Bicarbonate of soda,” Sherlock corrected cheerfully, sweeping in from the sitting room. He leaned in to plant a firm kiss on John’s lips.
John glanced over the new missive from their daughter. He could almost hear the breathless description of the enormous waterfall in Rosie’s voice. He smiled to himself.
For fuck’s sake, how stupid did Sherlock think he was? He was a soldier. He was a doctor. He knew what a wound intended to cause maximum damage looked like. Slow death, maybe, but death nonetheless. And Sherlock
“Hmmm?” Mary looked a bit puzzled as she led John deeper into the flat. “Oh, Margo. Oh, let’s not worry about that right now.”
“Well, I never thought I’d go in for having someone in to help out, but I have to say: It’s bloody amazing. My’s used to it, of course. He’s been living like this for years.” Greg took a sip of lemonade. “It beats the hell out of cooking and cleaning for yourself.”
“What is it?” Sherlock asked sharply. He knew he needed to stay calm, but John was such a horrible grey colour. He looked so small and broken.
As they were backing away, the sun was just beginning to make itself known on the horizon. John watched Sherlock drive away for as long as he could.
Sherlock turned his head sharply, staring up at the ceiling. John waited, wanting so badly to ask for confirmation, but knowing it might not be the words he needed to hear. He watched Sherlock’s profile as the man processed, startled when he saw a tear slip free to trace a path over one of those ridiculous cheekbones.
John looked into his best friend’s pale face, waiting for some sort of reaction. A twitch. A fluttering eyelash.
Finally, when John thought he could bear it no longer, he felt Sherlock’s knot testing his rim. He whined a little and flinched, but Sherlock held him fast.
Sherlock was still flushed and a bit disoriented. He frowned at Angelo’s knowing eyebrow waggle in his direction. Yet somehow a modicum of embarrassment did nothing to flag his arousal. He stood and took his coat, turning abruptly to face the wall to put it on.
Sherlock pulled away from John's kisses so they could watch each other as John began to stroke. He pulled on the heated length, long and slow to begin, using Sherlock's foreskin for friction—just enough to get Sherlock really warmed up.
“No, really, Mrs. Holmes, I shouldn’t,” Greg protested, waving a hand. “I’m meant to be watching my weight.”
“So you do—?” Sherlock couldn’t quite give voice to the question, but he needed the answer. He was desperate for it.
Sherlock scanned the room desperately for something to help. “We should probably get you sitting. Shouldn’t we? That seems sensible.”
Sherlock's eyes snapped to John's face. His guilty expression melted immediately when he saw John's sleepy amusement. He should feel sheepish, he knew but...
Sherlock gave him a hard look. “You’re the one who convinced her to take a gap year. She was prepared to go straight on to university, but
“Come on, John,” Mary urged, patting the seat of the chair beside her. “Why don’t you sit and take a moment. You’re upset and that can’t be good for you right now.”
“It’s my pleasure,” Mycroft said evenly, though his softened expression when looking at his two nephews betrayed his fondness for them. “Mummy is thrilled to have them.”
“Oh my god, you are one of a kind,” he muttered. Leaning in a little more, he went on. “I’m trying not to look at you, or invite you to say anything to me in that sexy, posh voice of yours. Thing is, I’m not sure I’m going to get home without embarrassing myself.” John raised his eyebrows, before dipping his chin to indicate that Sherlock should glance down between them at…
Sherlock was shedding his clothes as quickly as he could: coat, shirt, shoes and finally trousers. He was busy tugging his underwear over his thighs, licking impatiently at John’s bare belly while he was bent forward, when he realized his omega was still wearing trousers. “John…off. Please. Take them off.”
John froze. There was no sound left in the room but for laboured breathing for several long moments.
Back inside the chapel, he gathered his kit from the shrine. He ran a hand over the painted walls and stared down at the empty bed.
In the end, the double homicide he’d been calling about had turned out to be less complicated than it first appeared. Donovan had located the set of keys (in a biscuit tin under the floorboards) that had cracked their crime scene — no consulting detective required. Unfortunately, that didn’t stop Greg from wondering what had become of Sherlock and John.
Sherlock took his time on the stairs. His joy at learning that they were both healthy was now somewhat subdued. Clearly John still wasn’t happy. He just had to figure out why, and while he was exceptionally gifted at deduction, parsing human emotion still very often eluded him. He pushed the half-open door out of his way and stepped into the sitting room.
It did not take long before Sherlock was grinding his knot into the sensitive flesh of John’s anus. He needed to knot to come, and he was eager to do both. John rotated his hips, angling and stretching to allow the penetration. At length, with a triumphant ‘squelch’ Sherlock’s knot popped through the tight ring of muscle.
“Christopher,” Sherlock murmured, stroking his thumb over the soft pink cheek. Kit’s unruly dark waves were standing on end and his face was flushed with sleep. “Hello.”
He moaned, feeling John’s release spilling inside him while John’s hand continued to pulse over his cock.
Sherlock tried hard not to say something derisive as he climbed into the back seat beside John. This Michael, whoever he was, would bear watching.
And yet, as his shock and anger had cooled, he’d realized he could not imagine abandoning her to Magnussen or to a life in prison. His choices were bleak, at best.
“True. But then, it isn’t like it hasn’t happened before.” John stretched and tried to stifle a yawn. “Oh, god. And I’m sorry that I fell asleep after lunch. Kit had nightmares last night; kept us up—though Sherlock didn’t seem to mind the loss of sleep.”
“Well, they’re amazing. I’d always thought so. But I was bonded, and he wasn’t interested. I thought.”
Fingers gently circled and then slipped inside his dampened passage. Sherlock hummed around his cock as he began to stroke over John’s inner walls. With the added touch, it wasn’t long before John was begging for release. As his orgasm approached, he tugged lightly at his lover’s hair. Sherlock had never done this before and John wanted to warn him.
"Not so much the chatting up, but the moving in and going straight to...this." John waved a hand between them with a grin.
“No. I mean, yes she is an attractive woman, empirically speaking. But no, I am not attracted to her.”
John’s own breathing was ragged and his body was begging for more. He kissed Sherlock hungrily and worked at removing shoes, socks and the uniform trousers Sherlock had already undone. His plain, white boxers followed and he eagerly pressed his newly exposed body against Sherlock’s heat.
John was about to glance away in shame, his cheeks feeling decidedly warm, when he further realized that the object of his attention was headed right for him…and showed no signs of slowing down.
Mr. Huang nodded sadly. "Yeah. Yeah, I think I'd better. Can't go on like this. And Mei wouldn't come home with me like this anyway. This has all been hard on her, too."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Really, John? Every time? Every time you are not with me on a case you need me to tell you that it would have been better had you been there?”
Kit, still looking a bit worried from John’s outburst, followed at a distance. He waited until John was settled, Drew on his lap, before getting too close.
“I know,” Sherlock said, his voice very small. “But this is—if I hadn’t taken that case two weeks ago…”
"Mmmmm," John hummed, pressing a kiss into the top of Sherlock's head. "Never would have believed how much I enjoy that."
John brought his left hand to his mouth and licked the palm thoroughly. Sherlock mewled at the loss of the touch.
Sherlock glared up at the young woman who glared right back with her arms crossed over her chest. Detective Sergeant Sally Donovan had been with Lestrade’s team for just over two months. Initially, she had been very impressed by him. Or at least it had appeared that way. She had not fussed about having a civilian consultant at that first crime scene. Instead, she had taken Lestrade’s recommendation at face value. She’d followed Sherlock around and asked him question after question about his methods.
John nodded, passing the two men making his son giggle. “You three behave,” he admonished playfully.
It was nearly three in the morning when he finally ventured back out into the sitting room. John was still up, tucked into his chair in front of the fire with his head lolled back. He was snoring softly.
?” Sherlock asked, pulling back. He put enough space between them so that he could remove his jacket. He let it drop to the floor. He held John’s gaze as he removed his tie and then slowly undid the buttons of his simple white shirt.
“No. The police don’t consult amateurs. And I’m pretty sure MI6 doesn’t employ civilians on a casual basis.”
By the time the police arrived, they had freed a very frail Melville Heatherton from the small space. Weak from lack of food, he was still able to convey that there was a leaking water pipe in the corner of the place he’d been imprisoned, and he’d managed just enough water to stay alive—hoping against hope that someone would come for him.
Sherlock trailed behind, pulling his suit jacket off as he walked. He draped it over the back of a chair. “It wasn't a bad case, per se.”
“John is absolutely amazing!” Sherlock insisted loudly. “And that is precisely why I am in love with him!”
The boy looked back at Sherlock who—John now noted—looked utterly dumfounded and was staring at the young man in front of him as though he’d just arrived from Mars. He was apparently going to be useless in this particular situation. Of course he was. He’d never courted. He’d never challenged a rival, nor really seen John do it. He’d never had any interest in anyone but John. Certainly he’d have no idea how to deal with it.
Greg snorted as he came back into the lounge of the home he shared with Mycroft. “Yeah, I don’t miss that.”
So distracted was he that John lost track of Sherlock’s hands as he was rapidly divested of his clothing. By the time he realized what was happening, he was naked from the waist up and his trousers were undone.
This seemed to rouse Greg. He kissed Mycroft and reached for their daughter. Sherlock held the car seat while he undid all the buckles and lifted her free. He slid her into the crook of his arm and turned her toward Kit with a sniffle.
“Not that it matters to me,” John began gently, “but lots of factors influence ejaculation—what you've eaten, how hydrated you are, when you last came....and practice.”
“My love has come along,” Sherlock continued, burying his nose into the soft strands of John's hair.
“I know we didn’t have any choices just then,” John said huskily. “I still wish you hadn’t had to go through that.”
“I-I have to…” John stumbled back, away from the bed and the temptation of Sherlock’s bared flesh. He could remember the smell and the taste of it. The feel of it beneath his hands. The heat of it surrounding him.
“Yes, that’s me,” John called. He stood to follow the young man into the exam room with Sherlock right behind him.
Jeanette smiled kindly and patted his forearm. “But I can say with confidence that it seems like you’ve grown. You were never, ever this good a listener before. Letting me go on and on about my life all night, and you really seemed…engaged.”
He looked over at Sherlock sleeping in the bed beside him. He glanced up at the door, ensuring that they were still alone, and then tentatively placed his hand over Sherlock’s fingers. He squeezed gently.
“Oh, there you are!” Janine laughed, setting her teacup down. “I knew my Sherl would get to it eventually. Surprised it took you so long, to be honest.” She glanced at Mary. “I dropped hints all the time.”
Sherlock led the way; John fell into step right behind him with one hand on his waist. They tumbled through the bedroom door in a tangle as Sherlock turned to take John in his arms once more. Sherlock bent to kiss him; John dug his fingers into dark curls and drew his lover down.
John let Sherlock’s prick slip from his mouth with a satisfied smack. “Shh.” He soothed, rubbing over Sherlock’s thigh. “It’s fine. You were gorgeous.”
Sherlock struggled to suppress his gag reflex as John reached his throat. He sucked air in through his nose again and tried to relax. He swallowed reflexively, which earned a moan from the man above him.
“Witless babble,” John finished for him. He slid underneath the covers and stretched out over the mattress with a deep sigh of satisfaction. He tucked the duvet under his arms and grinned up at Sherlock, who was now down to his grey briefs. “So you’ve said.”
“We’re going to concentrate on making love,” John whispered into Sherlock’s ear, licking at the lobe as he did.
They stopped just inside the main sitting room, where Janine was in the process of pouring out the tea. Mary was pacing restlessly by the window. She paused and flipped the curtain back to survey the lawn outside.
Sherlock watched from Bart’s rooftop as a cab arrived. His heart sank as a heavily pregnant omega struggled out of the car and stood.
John placed his finger under Sherlock’s chin and drew the man toward him. Sherlock obeyed instinctively, his eyes fluttering closed as John drew him into a gentle kiss.
John stood right in front of his mate, his temper simmering. “One: Your brother is clearly having a crisis and you let our son use him as a sketch pad.”
“Lots of other people have trouble conceiving,” John replied. “That’s no reason to turn into a grumpy bastard.”
Mycroft entered the kitchen at Greg’s side, carrying an infant car seat that held their newborn daughter. “This is a surprise. I didn’t expect all of you to be here.”
He’d not bothered with pants that morning. More accurately, he’d forgotten to take his things to the full-service laundrette on Monday. And Mrs. Hudson hadn’t returned from her sister’s.
John sighed and kissed his way back up Sherlock’s belly as he stood. He mouthed up Sherlock’s neck to capture his lips in a searing kiss. Sherlock moaned into his mouth and wrapped both arms around his neck. He ground his naked, aching body into John’s—near desperation now.
“Of course. You have more than enough to think about.” Margaret agreed, reaching across to pat Greg’s hand. “Still, it never hurts to think ahead. These things have a way of sneaking up on you. I mean, baby’s first year will simply fly by, won’t it, dear?” She addressed this last to Will, who was happily leaned over Kit’s plate cutting up the last of his chicken for him. Will nodded dutifully before surreptitiously sharing a wink with John seated directly across from Kit as Margaret launched into a discussion about caterers.
Francine climbed into the driver’s seat and settled in. As they pulled away, she glanced at them in the rear-view mirror. “We’ve got you in a lovely hotel here in town,” she chirped. “Great views. And your meals are included, of course. Tomorrow will be a big day. You’ll see two properties and do some additional filming. The day after, you’ll film the mystery house and the final interview with Michael.”
"Nor me," Sherlock said. He smiled, reaching one hand across the table. "Look, I know I've been—" He cocked his head, searching for the correct word. "Absent lately. I just..."
“Well, Mike Stamford is managing partner in the practice now, but I do still take appointments two mornings a week.” John’s brow furrowed and he dropped his voice. “Are you all right?”
Kit had taken to chatting with John’s belly of late, having finally begun to grasp the significance of it. He had decided—as he announced to John and Sherlock at breakfast one morning—that he was quite all right with having a baby brother or sister, provided they didn’t take his toys. At least not right away.
“Your age is just fine,” Dr. Awiti said patiently. “Look, you need to relax and let this happen. Stop worrying about it and focus on the reasons you want to have this baby. Focus on each other. Focus on making love.”
“No idea,” Sherlock said with a smirk. “My mother hated them, so he wouldn’t have had them at home. I would be inclined to say no, overall.”
Finally, at length, John blew out one last heavy breath. He lifted his head to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “I’m not embarrassed, Sherlock.”
John started as the kettle snapped off. He filled his mug and stirred in the instant coffee (he as not as fussy as some) and grabbed one of the bananas he had purchased the day before. Fortunately, they were still in tact and uncontaminated. He pulled out one of the kitchen chairs and sat heavily.
They held there, staring into each other’s eyes as their bodies shuddered through orgasm and aftershocks.
John pulled back slightly. “It doesn’t have to be tonight, Sherlock,” he said softly. “I want this; I want
Sherlock rounded on him, damp-eyed and angry. “Because you will NEVER let me talk about her! I know what she did—what she is…
Sherlock complied, arms by his sides while John leaned in over him and begun to unbutton his flies. In moments, his jeans were being tugged over his hips. Somehow John had managed to catch his pants as well…
“You see, Sherl,” Janine started. “I wanted you to be rash and reckless when you tried to fix things for the man you loved, even knowin’ that it might cost you your freedom, if not your life. I wanted your brother to face the horrible decision to lock you away or to do something’ desperate and ruin his own career as well. I hadn’t considered the option of the suicide mission, but when I found out about it, well, I couldn’t have you spoiling my plans with another daring escape in Serbia, now could I?”
“I’m not a spy,” Sherlock admonished, dipping his chin. “Consulting Detective. And yes, it is standard equipment. Unfortunately my old friends—” he waved a hand in the direction of the platform “—destroyed mine when they caught up with me earlier.”
“But then,” Francine continued with a broad grin. “I don’t imagine you’d have got far without Dr. Watson.”
John settled back on the bed and pulled Sherlock into the side of his body. Sherlock wrapped one arm around John’s neck. He tugged until John gave in and bent to give him a kiss. It was tender and unhurried; John relished the feel of Sherlock’s soft mouth.
Just as Jameela was about to retort, a black SX4 stopped in front of the booth. Jameela heard the phone click as the window of the car rolled down. A young, attractive woman in a suit was typing on his phone.
The man dithered about inanely, prattling on about the greatness of all the other facilities his bank had to offer. He offered tea – for the third time and was rebuffed with a decreased degree of politeness from the last two instances of refusal.
Jameela has no control over herself as much as she tries. Dr Watwe and Shanaya Hardikar are going to move in together !
I gathered. A young man came stomping down this road yesterday muttering about a “psycho bitch” and her stupid shop.Somehow I didn’t think he was talking about
Jameela grinned at her “Well who else would I go to ? The reunion’s on Sunday and today’s Thursday. Will you be able to do it soon enough?”
“You could have just let her buy the expensive one you know. Tera faida hoga Na”. The next door medical shop owner Ghazia Sayed said as she entered the shop.
“So, I uh researched you. Found your blog. The Science of Clothing.” Jameela said, trying to fill up the sudden empty space she felt in the room when Shanaya turned her back on her.
I don’t know why you’re gushing so much Jameela; I mean she clearly is a bit of a lunatic with the whole “I helped convict my landlady’s ex husband thing”, a snide voice in her mind that sounded suspiciously like her grandmother’s said.
Mary ignored him “Do you know how long I had to wait to get here? I waited and watched as I saw the two of you run around, having your little adventures , being so blissfully happy together in whatever version of heaven you deemed fit enough to spend your eternities in. I was promised my revenge and I will get it” She put her finger on the trigger and Sherlock tensed as he prepared himself for the pain, once again.
You can probably make it I think. http://www.vegrecipesofindia.com/gulab-jamun-easy-gulab-jamun-recipe/
He placed his head on the wall, breathing in and out. Every time Harry called him, it always ended like this. Fighting, insults, a periodic reminder of James Sholto like the ring around his neck wasn’t enough.
She flounced herself down on the armchair and definitely did not pout or mutter underneath her breath about crazy people as Mrs Hanglem came up with that steaming cup of tea.
She sits on a bench and removes her sandwiches from the box and begins to nibble on them with no real enthusiasm.
Or at least what was supposed to be one. The table had been covered with a sewing machine , mounds of paper with half finished designs on it with cloth and threads. Half crumpled papers were strewn about the floor and thread rolls were rolling down from the table , hanging on for dear life . Chemicals bubbled away energetically on the far side of the table in a set of test tubes. Jameela was pretty sure that was not fabric dye .
John stifled a laugh at the analogy “Yeah Mike, come on, it's been two years since we've heard of the famous Stamford brownies. We’ve been waiting for this since freshers’ week. Go on!”
“You might be right Watson. But the cameras were out of commission and we have no way of knowing”. Coach said wearily.
“Which one?” Murray slurred good naturedly.”Hah! Trick question, I don’t have one… or the other”. Murray said as he thumped his glass on the table.
“Well, I wouldn’t say that,” Michael replied, shaking his head. “You’ve just saved that man’s life. And I understand the police already have Mr. Gutteridge in custody. That’s not nothing.” He turned to John with a smile. “It must be wonderful to work with someone like Sherlock every day.”
The woman took in his cane; her smile was sympathetic as she met John’s eyes once more. “Sometimes all the good news in the world ain’t enough to make up for the bad.”
He stared ahead out the front of the bus to Baker Street. If he stayed on a bit longer, as far as Bickenhall Street, he could take a walk up toward Regent’s Park. Perhaps today he might be able to figure out which of the buildings housed Sherlock’s Irregulars.
Sherlock sighed and jumped up on the table. He looked down at his well-tailored button down shirt. “I don’t suppose I’ll get the sleeve rolled up high enough, will I?”
“Yeah,” John acknowledged briefly, hardly registering Baz’ departure. He rubbed Sherlock’s fingers as he watched the monitor for a few minutes. “Good. Everything looks normal. Thank god.”
John tugged his stethoscope from his neck and placed the bell over Sherlock’s bare chest. “The smoke was very damaging. The last thing you need is a case of pneumonia.” He leaned in and offered a reassuring smile. “Breathe in for me.”
John used his tongue to trace the edge of the muscle, pulling back to regard the rosy brown nipple. He brushed a thumb over the bud and was gratified when it tightened at his touch. “Is this…is this something you enjoy?”
John was chuckling, hugging his little girl close while maintaining his hold on Sherlock’s hand. He kissed Emily’s hair and grinned at Sherlock.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “You had five appointments today, but one was cancelled.” He studied John for a moment. “Gender dysphoria?”
“Yes, but…I’m really not feeling very well. And I don’t think I’m Sherlock’s doctor anymore.” John shifted uncomfortably. “He missed his follow-up appointment yesterday.”
He had never featured himself as a man who would leave his wife. He’d hardly forgiven his sister for the way she’d treated Clara. But he knew, down to his core, that this was his only way forward, especially after everything that had happened. Now that he knew. Now that he was sure.
“So what’s going on?” John rolled to his side, propping his head on one hand. “Why’ve you taken Kit downstairs?”
Sherlock turned back and gave John a lingering kiss, one hand on the baby’s head. “I love you,” he whispered.
“Starving.” John padded back to the side of the bed where he’d left his shoes. He balanced himself with one of the bed’s posts as he tugged his shoes on. “Apparently, they have an amazing seafood buffet downstairs.”
“Yes.” John startled himself with the swiftness of his answer. It was unlike him. But then, nothing about this day had really been anything like him.
“Well, go on,” she urged. “Eat up while it’s hot. I’ve got lovely roast lamb with minted peas to come.”
John braced himself against the mattress and pulled his legs wider apart. He bucked up into the ruthless pace his alpha set and scrabbled for one of Sherlock’s hands to hold on to. The slap of flesh on flesh echoed in the quiet room.
Sherlock strode from his bedroom, mentally preparing himself for the evening at hand. The carols were already playing and the flat smelled of nutmeg.
“And you know, we weren’t even a bit concerned about the age difference, were we dear?” she asked, directing this last to her omega. William Holmes shook his head dutifully. “No, we knew that our Sherlock could probably benefit from a little wisdom and a steady hand. He’s a bit of a handful, as I’m sure you’ve already gathered.”
Sherlock picked up his pace, slapping his hips relentlessly against John’s bum. “I want you to come all over yourself,” he insisted.
“I’ve had an amazing time since we met,” John continued. “It’s the first time I’ve felt ‘right’ since I came back.”
“Fuck — just…fuck!” John’s hand closed over Sherlock’s arse, squeezing and kneading the firm flesh. “Look at you! My god!”
John dodged furniture in the sitting room, catching a glimpse of his alpha in his peripheral vision. Sherlock shouted again, something that sounded like John’s name. John slipped out through the double glass doors connecting the sitting room with the kitchen via the conservatory.
The two men shared a look that had the colour rising to John’s cheeks. John licked his lips and reached for his pocket watch, anxious for a distraction. He could not explain the feelings that came over him when in Sherlock’s presence. From the very first, he had been drawn to his enigmatic patient. He had never allowed himself to entertain such thoughts about another man before, but here — in this lonely place at what felt like the edge of the world — it seemed almost inevitable.
"It was really special. That evening, picnicking in the vineyard, with this wine. That is something I will never forget."
John realized that the alpha’s gaze had dropped to his mouth. Sherlock was turning toward him, cautiously reaching out. John beamed, taking the offered hand and drawing Sherlock in. Sherlock rolled on his shoulder until he had pinned John between the wall and his own lean body.
John dropped to a crouch beside Kit. He was standing on tiptoes beside his baby brother’s day cot, watching six-week-old Andrew Arthur James sleeping. Kit had been remarkably gentle with the baby from the moment Mycroft and Greg had brought him to the hospital.
“Would you like some tea, John?” With the doctor’s curt nod, Mycroft smiled at his assistant. “That will be all for now, Penelope. Thank you.”
Sherlock turned and tugged on John’s hand, leading him from the bathroom out into the corridor. “Perhaps you could come with me to crime scenes. You’re a doctor. You’ve been to war. Seen lots of injuries; violent deaths.”
John relaxed a little. “Good. That’s…good. But I’d feel better if I could sit beside his bed. You know, so he knows I’m there when he wakes up?”
John shook his head, his expression dark. “I grew up being told that what I felt was wrong. My sister didn’t get on with my parents after she came out. They didn’t turn their backs, exactly, but they never accepted it. I just always thought I wouldn’t make that choice.” John cleared his throat. “And for the most part, it didn’t matter. I like women; I found enough women who liked me. I didn’t have to worry about it.”
“You have to come back to me. We have a lot to sort out, you and I, so you have to come back to me. Because
Finally, John began to pump himself mercilessly up and down onto Sherlock’s throbbing heat. And it was so good. Almost enough. Almost…almost…
John’s hands continued moving, more slowly and far less professionally than they should. There was no complaint, however, and no attempt to move away from his touch. His palms settled heavily over the ridiculously firm globes of Holmes’ arse and John very nearly groaned aloud. It was so perfect, so plump.
“What was the purpose of your trip?” he asked casually, laying aside the stacks of impossibly neat underpants and socks.
They’d never got on, and he’d refused to ask her for anything. Still, she’d seemed genuinely sad to see him go. She’d made a half-hearted offer for him to sleep on her sofa, but they really weren’t on such terms. Even if they had been, he’d have said no. It wasn’t the sort of help he really needed.
John paused, a little concerned now that whoever was calling on him had simply bypassed the building’s security. He stepped over to his desk and pulled open the top drawer. He withdrew his service revolver (which he was not meant to have) and tucked it into the pocket of his dressing gown.
“But we started him on the hormones,” John puzzled. “That should have made the symptoms much milder.”
He ate his banana and stared at the wall across from him. A large piece of cork had been placed over the tile about a decade before. It was continuously covered—all of the artwork, stories, school reports and awards that they had once attempted to keep on the refrigerator door had shifted to this new, larger space. These days, there were several sophisticated sketches, three awards (two for academics and a rowing medal—gold), a recent acceptance letter from Trinity College, Cambridge and a postcard from Canada.
“Thanks. I took a look at your school tapes. You’re pretty good. I was surprised that you didn’t try out for the team last year”.
“Thanks Lisa” Sherlock looked at her shyly from between his eyelashes “I’m so lucky to have friends like you”. John was about to roll his eyes at the obvious manipulation but he stopped himself.
Mrs Hanglem looked up from her chai to see the girls walk out of the door without even a good bye and smiled fondly at the pair running down the stairs.
Jameela wasn’t sure if she should have come on her own for this. Maybe Maanav could have served as a good buffer between her and Shanaya. Her annoying little – thing for the mysterious cheekbone lady was going to be a problem. Jameela thought a little frustrated.
“Thanks” Sherlock said bashfully, but something about the calculation in his eyes made it suspect “It’s a little difficult in front of an audience, but I’m glad it went well.”
The drawing room was small with two red armchairs side by side a cream colored sofa facing a small flatscreen TV. As Shanaya huffed and started arguing with Mrs Hanglem about "proper time to sleep" Jameela wandered into the dining room.
“No, no its fine. Are you fine though? Jameela” Maanav said as he looked at her with a new wariness in his eyes. Great, another one Jameela thought.
Her eldest daughter then, going by the tall plaited teenage girl smiling with dagger eyes at the camera. Balance of probability favouring dislike of the pretense and hypocrisy of the obviously fractured family unit.
No, parents, heirloom most likely going by the 25 year old design with a slight frayed edge and a couple of threads coming out from the bottom ). Shanaya grimaced at the bright fake smile belied by the wrinkled forehead and the stormy eyes, clearly fighting with her husband?? No the husband doesn’t look especially pissed.
"Āṇi puḍhacyā bilḍiṅgacī gharamālaka tilā mhaṇālā kī tinē saw yellow smoke from Shanaya's flat . But she always had an eye out for Shanaya mhaṇūna mī tilā durlakṣa kēlē- and that landlady of the next building said that she swore she saw yellow smoke come out from her flat ! But she always had an eye out for Shanaya so i ignored her
"Shanaya. How many times have I told you not to stay up so late?" Mrs Hanglem scolded as Jameela took her trunk and took it inside the flat.
“ I can imagine what they would normally say.” Jameela said smiling a bit “Something along the lines of-
"You mentioned another package?" Shanaya said as she leaned forward from the sofa , her eyes intent on the perturbed husband.
Jameela laughed a little, still wonderstruck at her. “I’m still wondering, on why someone like you is just running a little Saree shop in the middle of Baker Street of all places?” Jameela asked.
go search it and try to make it at home. Pretty sure you can find kits to make them at indian stores near you. ( to my non Indian readers)
"Āṇi puḍhacyā bilḍiṅgacī gharamālaka tilā mhaṇālā kī tinē saw yellow smoke from Shanaya's flat . But she always had an eye out for Shanaya mhaṇūna mī tilā durlakṣa kēlē" Mrs Hanglem said in one breath and Jameela just kept staring at her in awe as she chattered away while holding a trunk without a hitch in step or breath.
“I wouldn’t dream of asking.” John said smiling and pecked her cheek as he ran out towards the third table from the back where Irene, Sherlock and the cat loving Molly Hooper from Anatomy sat.
Jameela find out how Shanaya knows so much about her. There's also touching and not blushing going on.
“Sally we love you and we’re terrified of you in equal measures. And frankly its time you dumped Anderson’s useless arse.” John rummaged through his pockets and handed her a piece of paper. “She’s bi and likes rugby players. Completely your type”. John joked.
"Ghazia, from the medical shop next to my sari shop. Saxena bought his acidity tablets from there when you were trying out saris is his sister- in- law. She helps me find clients." Shanaya replied.
“There’s this …arsehole in my class. Loves to create chaos in the class, can’t learn anything until the professors throw him out. Bonafide genius, so he thinks he’s better than everyone else”. Sally scowled.
Her height also was not preventing her covert ogling since the moonlight shone on her face and arms, as Jameela bent to look outside. Her biceps were well defined and a bit of bulk in them, definitely active in the war field. She rolled her shoulders once in a while , to relieve the injured shoulder muscles and keep them from seizing up.
After shoving his clothes into the washer, John borrowed a chair from the reception and restarted Maurice’s emotional journey as two equally hung-over and tired looking girls came into the laundry room, talking amongst themselves.
His stories! The stories of John’s and Sherlock Holmes’s adventures. The romance in his writing, his admiration for his friend, far outmatched any interest he had in household matters.
SHERLOCK looks over at her, as if finally seeing someone else. She gives an appraising look to the other woman.
“Apparently Lisa had a bit of a reputation for being possessive beyond a reasonable point.” Sherlock shrugged “Hence the act before. Lisa is a classic emotional predator, egoistic, narcissistic and vengeful. She feeds on vulnerability. I suspect Adam suffered the brunt of some emotional abuse as well before he finally left which she could not abide. Meretricious at the end.”
“Arey, the same. After graduation, my father in law got me a job at a government hospital and I’ve been there since. Nothing exciting. Nothing like you. I mean come on, you were in Kashmir. You must have seen some action ha?” He laughed and clapped her back.
They both started giggling at that and burst into full laughter. As the laughter faded, John looked over at SHERLOCK as she tried to stop chortling. John stared at the slightly less mysterious woman as she felt a bond snap together within one laugh.
The first time around, Mary Morstan fell in love with a kind man who cared for her, called her beautiful and was a good husband in every which way.
Jameela blushed at the cute little smile Shanaya was still directing at her, damnit! Get a hold of yourself Watwe.
Hemish got up and opened a drawer " I dug it out and started to really look at the sari. And that's where I found this" He laid out a beautiful black sari with a golden border on the floor. When the sari was laid out, a small amount of mud spread out on the tiled floor. Shanaya and Jameela bent down and examined the border. Shanaya frowned as Jameela reared back in astonishment.
“There will be a car coming in five minutes to your location Dr Watwe. Get in the car”. A computerized voice said from the phone.
But this was the 1800’s and she was a woman, just as John was a man in love with another man. They silently resigned themselves to live their lives until Mary’s jealousy and envy reached the ears of a wicked spirit who sought to destroy a once in a millennia love story. He visited her in her dreams and promised retribution by her hand, but there was a condition.
Just a feeling of sadness and resignation- the feeling when you remember a good memory which was tarnished by more recent events.
Jameela frowned minutely before her expression became implacable “I don’t have one. I bought a sari from her two days ago”
“Oh yes they were! Watson you’re cute and have the face of a really hot lesbian and believe me I was really into that for a hot second, but honestly orange rimmed with dirty blond hair? Absolutely not. You should have gone classic black.” Sally said as she pulled up a chair.
“Tch tch Rosamund. So impatient.” A familiar voice piped up from the dark corridor ahead of the aquarium room. Sherlock watched in horror as Jim Moriarty walked into the light and stood a little ahead of Mary, smirking at him.
Shanaya looked at her intently “I saw your military service in your stance and your hairstyle. Tight bun with pins . But your conversation as you entered the room with Maanav about the clinic. So , army doctor then. Your face is also slightly fairer than your wrists so you haven’t been abroad on holiday so you were serving up north. Your clothes seem to hang off you a bit , so possible lengthy stay in hospital. When you gave me your phone, your hands shook a little bit. But there were no scars on your wrist or hands so psychosomatic tremble probably. That meant that you were injured and the circumstances were deeply traumatic . So wounded in action and hence invalided home.  Hence, Jammu or Kashmir.” Shanaya finished in one breath, looking both triumphant but also a sense of slight fear and nervousness started creeping up on her face as she started to walk towards the doctor.
“No!” Sherlock almost shouted “I am! Interested. Very. It’s just- you’re the rugby vice captain and the third year medical student everyone loves. I was…scared. I didn’t think you would really be interested. In me”. Sherlock said looking down.
Fuck Marichika for bribing everyone in two kilometers not to give her any cigarettes, Shanaya cursed her sister silently.
After he came back from a ridiculous sounding case called The Red Headed League, she finally cracked. She accused him of proposing to her in false circumstances and he admitted as much to her that his first priority in matters of the heart and life was always the consulting detective in Baker Street.
But the woman had already picked up her briefcase and started walking away from her towards the door “Tell Shanaya she is always near the enemy however far she tries to go”.
“Yeah, I’ve got to study that PBL as well.” Mike said as he unlocked his door and almost tripped over a box on the floor.
“Hey Molly.” John said politely, not being able to take his eyes off Sherlock. Sherlock sat there staring back at him with something approaching wonder.
gets you nowhere. It warps the mind and leaves you defenseless.I tried to take that leap of faith one time and it almost ruined me.
“Are you making sausages again?” Mike yawned as he walked into the communal kitchen of the second floor of Charterhouse Square and flopped down on the table, groaning softly.
“I’m sorry about your husband madam. I’m sure God will grant you happiness again”. Mr. Dhandania said to her back.
“ You can take your pick of the sari now. I would suggest the red one . It suits you best especially if you have to make a good impression in front of all the stuffy ex college friends you’ll have to face. If you want , I can also do the blouse and fall for you”. Shanaya looked up at her with a superior if –i-must but still somehow half hopeful look at her as she handed Jameela her phone back.
“Oh, I think you are,” Sherlock replied, realizing even as the words were spoken that they sounded far more flirtatious than he had intended. He pulled back a little, clearing his throat and stuffing his hands into his trouser pockets.
“Shhh,” Sherlock soothed. He bent to kiss the side of John’s neck. “There’s nothing about you I don’t want to see.”
John’s fingers withdrew and Sherlock jolted at the snap of leather against itself (John must have folded the belt in half). He whimpered at the cool touch as John allowed it to slide over the small of his back, gently tracing the crest of his bum.
Sherlock scowled. Well, that couldn’t be right, could it? Shouldn’t John be saying something romantic or sexy? Wasn’t that what people did in these situations?
Nearly forty minutes later, he emerged from the bathroom, towel around his hips, in a cloud of steam. While he couldn’t say he felt anything like “better,” he certainly felt more hygenic.
John appeared at his side, pulling his gloves on. Sherlock stared at him for a moment, marvelling that anyone could underestimate the man.
Mycroft ceded the car seat handle to his younger brother so he could turn and embrace his mate properly. He petted Greg’s hair and let him cry softly for a few minutes. John was about to suggest that they leave the new parents in peace when Will and Kit popped in from the back garden.
“There was only one…thing…that could have changed how this all went down, Sherlock,” he said darkly. “And once I knew that was a lie…”
At his usual stop, he joined a handful of others headed out to the main road. He faked the spring in his step and fixed a smile on his face. The lights were on when he arrived at the surgery and the new receptionist—Angie—was quick to greet him.
John froze where he was, bent a little to inspect the turned out trouser pockets and suddenly keenly aware of how very attracted he was to both the body and the unusual mind of the intriguing young man in front of him. Holmes, W. Sherlock S. was utterly fascinating. And John’s reaction to him was rapidly becoming problematic. He straightened, clearing his throat and swiftly moving around to continue the search from behind.
The front door of the red and grey stone cottage was flung wide and a dark-haired woman emerged backwards, struggling into her coat and fighting with an umbrella as she tried to close the door behind her.
“Is that so.” John said. “You couldn’t tell by the way Greg was wearing his ties or the smudges on his shoes?”
“I think it’s fantastic,” he said finally. “If this is what will make you happy, then nothing else matters.”
“I would. I love Kit and Drew. And I love this one,” he murmured, gently touching John’s gently rounded belly. “I am grateful every day that you were willing to take that leap with me, but you were enough.”
“I think so. The scent markers aren’t there yet, of course, but Kit has the protective instincts of an alpha. He’s confident in his decisions, and he can be quite territorial.”
Sherlock glanced around for something to use. The soldier beside him was tugging on something at her waist as she pressed on a wound above her eye.
“It will,” Sherlock assured him. “Hopefully, someone will be able to retrieve me once we leave here.”
With a gentle kiss to the tip of Sherlock’s nose, John pulled back and held out his hand. When Sherlock took it, he walked toward the stairs leading to the upper floor.
“But…what of it? How would he—would he have, I don’t know, lured Heatherton here somehow? With the promise of a special wine? Drugged him, maybe?”
“John, you’re being absurd!” Sherlock teased, running fingers through the short, sandy hair. “You’re 28 years old! And look at me: I have burns running down the entire left side of my body, as well you know. I am permanently marred! I’ve had one relationship in the whole of my life — not only because I used to think sentiment was a weakness, but because I’d never found anyone, before Victor, who could tolerate me! Yet here you are. Handsome doctor and war hero, with the kindest and truest heart I have ever encountered. And the best of it is that you want me as much as I want you. I don’t know what I’ve done to deserve such happiness, but I will not let it pass me by.”
“Oh, come on,” John chided, following his mother-in-law into the house. “She’s his first. Probably his only. Of course he’d want to do everything up.”
Sherlock was still seated in front of his microscope, exactly where John had left him when they’d arrived home.
It was hard and messy, much as the first had been, but John was now too far gone himself to be much bothered with technique. They would have time for that later. John sucked at Sherlock’s tongue and drew him in, moaning into his alpha’s mouth with raw need.
John stood, decision made. He started slowly toward the chair and picked up the jumper he’d discarded earlier. “Right. Of course. I’ll be right there. Give me the address…”
Kissing, John decided, was the best thing that had ever been invented. He’d always enjoyed it, but with Sherlock it was a revelation. They sucked and teased, nipping playfully and then thrusting with all the intention of acts yet to come.
John snuffled, swiping at the tears he couldn’t control with his tissue. “I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t be—this is so unprofessional. I’m meant to be helping you!”
Sherlock began to fuck him, gently but with a steady pace. John knew, even as addled with need as he was, that his mate would not recklessly pound into him. Sherlock would make love to him—thoroughly, carefully and so very, very well.
John padded into the room, which had been completely transformed by soft fabrics and dim lights. As during their first heat, Sherlock had built a nest on their bed out of his own clothing and bedding that smelled like him. John reached out for it, suddenly desperate to be surrounded by his alpha.
“It was a good day,” Sherlock remarked. He had changed into his pyjamas and dressing gown and was leaning against the doorframe with a mug of tea.
He was surprised by the sensation of John sliding hands down his thighs and dropping slowly to his knees. Sherlock groaned in expectation. He had never, but he’d heard about it, of course.
John shrugged, scarcely able to believe what he was hearing. “Well, all right,” he said sceptically. “Not going to turn down an opportunity.”
John lapped at the nearly purple head of Sherlock’s impressive cock, tracing the slit repeatedly before curling his tongue around to flick over the fraenulum. Sherlock moaned as he looked down to watch John lifting his own fingers to his mouth. John held his gaze as he saturated the digits. He moved swiftly then, wrapping his arms around his mate’s narrow hips to settle fingers over his rim.
John hesitated just outside the door. “Home.” He looked back at Sherlock for a long time before he finally nodded. “Right. Back soon.”
“Oh, fine.” Sherlock sighed. “And don’t think because Daddy and Papa are hugging that we’re not fully aware of those tomato bits going on the floor, young man.”
“Me, too!” Mary laughed. “I guess he was distracted by his broken heart.” She looked at Sherlock and made an exaggerated pout.
John smiled fondly that his husband was still signing his texts after nearly twenty years together and 15 years of marriage. It was adorable.
John dropped his forehead to Sherlock’s shoulder as he came. Sherlock could feel every spasm, every twitch in John’s body as his pleasure was wrung from him. John kept grinding, moving to stimulate Sherlock as his own release pooled between them.
“No,” Sherlock said softly, eyes still locked with John’s. “I would be absolutely nothing without John.”
He had thought about it. More than once. Usually following one of the nightmares that left him sweaty and shaken.
They sat in the quiet for some time. There was more to say, Sherlock knew, but they had conquered so much already. And he could feel John slipping into slumber. They were both drained with the release of the tension that was so many years in the making.
“No problem. When I realised it was your address, I thought I should come and see you were all right. Wasn’t sure if your brother is in town.”
“I thought that showed remarkable forbearance on my part, given his role in my ‘downfall,’” Sherlock groused. “And then he showed up with Mycroft to search my flat for drugs! I have no interest in the man and his bizarre conclave. I certainly couldn’t have predicted he would throw his whole life away.” Sherlock fiddled with his tea cup. “Why would he do it?”
“It says ‘Please convey my thanks to my brother, and tell him the next time he puts my operation at risk to satisfy his long-denied sexual appetites, I will have him thrown in The Tower.’”
John stood, attempting to ease the kink out of his leg. He tugged pointlessly at his uniform. “Fine. But you owe me.”
John cocked his head. "Well, no. It was pretty quiet. Which was good because I wanted to be home on time."
Sherlock began to unravel. He was moaning and muttering nonsense, rational mind hopelessly debilitated by John’s talented mouth. At length, he felt cool air on his slippery wet hole as John pulled away.
“God, just look at you. On your knees with that pretty, impertinent mouth hanging open — exactly as though you expect me to put something in it.”
Today’s adventure was another painful exercise. It was not that he particularly disliked art; it just wasn’t, in general, all that relevant to anything. The gallery—a repurposed warehouse in a trendy Docklands neighbourhood—was crowded and too cold. The modern pieces were by several different artists, all of whom had been volunteers with the UN (truck drivers, inspectors, aid workers; though no soldiers, which was a little disappointing). While that was moderately interesting, he found the sculptures, paintings and multi-media installations overly sentimental, for the most part.
John sat, stunned for a moment, as Mary wandered off to the kitchen humming to herself. Finally, the shock faded and his training kicked in. He quickly surveyed his surroundings. Door locked and bolted, key gone. The windows were all sliders and there was no sign of a balcony or fire escape. No phone—mobile or otherwise—visible. John slid his hand into his pocket for his own phone and pulled it out.
The first strains of something John had begun to recognize as Verdi began to fill the room. Sherlock stood facing the window, refusing to turn as John approached. John refused to be ignored and grabbed for the younger man’s arm. A horrible screeching noise assaulted both their ears as Sherlock’s bow scratched across the strings. He turned awkwardly as John pulled at his arm.
“Now I realize that this one is in need of modernizing, and the garden could use quite a bit of care, but what do you think so far?”
John finished brushing his teeth and swished his mouth out gratefully. After five days without a shower or any other form of basic hygiene, he was relishing the feeling of being clean. He straightened his shirt collar, thankful that Mycroft’s people had thought to provide him with a change of clothes from home.
“You know, they’ve been bonded for three months. He is officially your brother-in-law, so you could start calling him Greg on a regular basis.”
Sherlock kissed a trail down his neck and over his shoulder. He gently withdrew and sat up. “I’ll make it better. Promise.”
Sherlock jerked his hips awkwardly in an unschooled effort to gain friction. John obliged, stroking up and down his length twice.
“Is it the same for you?” Sherlock asked suddenly. “When people realize you’re pregnant and offer congratulations or some other such nonsense—how does it make you feel?”
“But how do I punish you, hmm?” John waited until Sherlock had stopped immediately in front of him, right beside the bed. He let the end of the belt drag on the floor beside him. “I don’t think very much frightens you, does it?”
Sherlock pulled off of John’s breast with a pop; John whined in protest, but was instantly mollified. Sherlock quickly kissed his way to the other small mound and resumed his gentle torture.
Sherlock turned back to meet his brother’s eyes with a smirk. “Not in any way I didn’t want him to. Nothing…
Greg’s smile was a little crooked. He pushed the edges of his overcoat aside and shoved both hands into his trouser pockets. His shirt was untucked to disguise the slight swell of his abdomen. “Good, yeah. Really good. In fact, I had my first scan a couple of weeks ago.”
John stretched up and pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s cheek. “Unequivocally. Come on, you. Bed.” He steered them to the door, allowing Sherlock to lean on him a little and take the weight off his injured leg.
“I think they’ve just finished with the brain, then. Ready to go out and set up for the next adventure?”
John inspected the coat, feeling the sleeves and checking the lining for any sign of tampering before putting it into one of the plastic bins to be taken to x-ray.
Sherlock hovered over him, gazing at him intently as he rubbed his thick, dribbling cock against John’s. “John,” he muttered, almost in wonder. “Oh, John. I want…I want…”
John and Greg took the stairs cautiously, listening carefully for any signs of Holmes’ fighting. John pushed through the door to the flat first to find his brother-in-law sitting in the middle of the floor.
Wetting his lips once more with the surfeit of saliva he now had, Sherlock leaned in. He dragged greedy fingertips in a small circle on John's chest, completely surrounding one of the delights he craved. He pressed in with his palm, cupping the flesh and plumping it up. He was very nearly dizzy with the need to taste. To lick. To suck...
“Hmm, so I suppose that means you’ll be as gooey over the baby once it’s born,” John reasoned. “Which means I’ll be the disciplinarian.”
John started as Sherlock jumped from the chair and grabbed a box that had been abandoned by the fireplace. He rushed into the kitchen and started tossing his equipment into it.
John stared at the cane in his hand — his hand that no longer shook — and smiled to himself. Sherlock was so very often right, especially where John was concerned. He’d insisted from that very first night that he would “cure” John’s limp, and that the hand tremors would dissipate once John was “back in action.”
“Oh my God, yeah. His one last hurrah before he got married. Drinking, bursting firecrackers and an ill-advised hook up”. Jameela gave a half smile at Maanav as they reminisced.
“Oy! Stop with the jokes about my height you plonker. I’m well big enough to do what is required” John said seemingly indignantly but the huge smile on his face as he gazed lovingly at the love of his two lives belied his words.
Jameela realised with a bit of a start, that her head was craning so much because Shanaya had stepped achingly close to her.
"She said that she had had some questionable associations in her life, which she had left firmly behind but she was not personally ashamed of anything, nor she had any reason to be. But she asked me, that I shouldn't press her to divulge anything about her past. For my own safety, she insisted and if that wasn't okay I could "bow out"- those words exactly, and she could go back to the lonely life she led before she met me".
Shanaya glared at the back of the 40 year old Muslim separated mother of two who ran the next door medical shop. Since she had opened her shop, Ghazia had been both bemused at best and actively amused at worst at her neighbour’s blunt but accurate evaluations and stories of enraged customers who still kept coming back for more. Ghazia had taken it upon herself, despite numerous attempts of Shanaya to put her off to take care of the woman and look out for her in case her customers got
“Right Good. Okay, you’re unattached…like me”. John cleared his throat as his lips curved into his “pulling” charming smile “Good.”
“You shouldn’t have.” Shanaya said matter of factly. But the way she put the blouse and fall in the bag and handed it over to Jameela, indicated to her that she was forgiven.
John sits on her usual bench. Her tiffin holds the remnants of dal roti and rice. The tiffin had pretty much been wiped clean. John looks to and fro from the viewpoint.
Maanav who had wandered to the cupboards full of fabric on the wall and was holding a pink fabric shrugged “Not a word”
Jameela drummed her fingers on her thighs as the car waded itself through traffic. Driving through Indian traffic was a pain anyway, but Sundays were especially punishing as everyone either was on their way out with their families or coming back from somewhere where they spent a short weekend.
Jameela clenched her fist momentarily and looked at the bunch of letters lying innocuously. How could she be that lucky?
itna badboo aati hain my God. Mujhe nahi pata woh ladki aadha waqt kya karti rehti hain- such a bad smell comes from her flat , i don't even know what that girl does half the time
Jameela stared at the message for ten seconds as a smile grew on her face.  She grabbed her duffel bag and slung it on the shoulder. She dragged her trunk with her other hand and closed the door with a sharp thud as she marched on to her new life waiting for her a few short kilometers away.
“But then a week ago- I started losing stuff. Minor stuff- a laundry bill, a half-finished novel, a girl’s phone number”. John half smiled at the murmured chortles from the crowd.
As the car took a right, Jameela’s thoughts turned to the person of the day- Shanaya. Clearly, she was a lot more interesting than she had thought previously.
That fateful day ended with the spirit of Moriarty and Holmes grappling each other and hurtling down the Reichenbach falls, never to be seen, their bodies never recovered.
“Woah! Woah!” The voice exclaimed .Jameela turned around, fists clenched and slightly raised to punch the enemy combatant.
Five years later, when he didn’t come back. Watson opened the drawer to ask an old friend- one he didn’t think he would ever need again- one last favour. To deliver him in the arms of his beloved friend and the love of his life so they could spend eternity together.
Someone needs to take it to servicing already. Jameela thought absently but with a wryness that could very well define her entire evening.
"His wife received the first one I believe. She burned it in the forest, for some as yet indiscernible reason. The second one came addressed to him , but before he could talk to her about it, she found it and buried it in the forest, somewhere."
She knew danger. She knew what "interested parties" did and how they could intercept and contact people. She may have been a doctor , but she had never been immune to Army politics or the machinations of the government , trying their best to manipulate an already fraught environment .
She picked up the sewing needle and continued to stitch the hole that an ignorant delivery man had made while delivering the fabrics to her. Shanaya made a mental note to yell at him as she sat down on the stool to stitch in peace.
That, those afternoons on the bench with a former army doctor were the greatest afternoons of my life.
Shanaya’s jaw was set as she stopped and turned to him “Mr. Dhandania, I’d suggest you go home early today if you have any chance of stopping your wife from leaving you once and for all. I’d suggest a nice expensive sari. You know where my shop is”. She turned and walked out of the door to a quickly reddening and spluttering loan officer.
“So, your girlfriend was in on this as well?” John asked casually , his heart and mind in a near paroxysm of hope of a negative answer.
Dr Watwe had been discharged due to injury. She’d been in the Army for a long time, multiple years- 6? 10? Need further data. But clearly, not a voluntary discharge since the amount of years in service denotes she was relatively happy there.
She sat down on the table and looked around at the barely furnished apartment that had somehow now become even more oppressive.
aka- Pretty sure this counts as abuse of power Marichika to use company resources and money to interrogate your sister's future roommate.
John looks up slightly startled at the other person occupying the bench. She slightly raises an eyebrow at the random outburst.
Shanaya focused on the family photo. Formal portrait; going by the Banarasi silk sari worn by the irritated middle-aged woman. Old wedding gift by her husband? No, going by his slightly yellowing tight white shirt and the thrice hemmed black pants he’s wearing right now.
“No, no” John interrupted before he could make a bigger fool of himself “Of course not. I wasn’t asking- “No.” His smile turned false and forced as he looked away,
Holmes sought the refuge of his seven percent solution and consigned his life to loving a man who would not; could not return his love.
Murray nodded and made his way to the front table where a redhead was waving at him. John made his way to the bar and motioned for three beers to the bartender.
“Oh honey, I get it. I’m so glad that Irene finally introduced you to me. Stick with me and no one’s going to harass you I promise.” Lisa said cloyingly sweet and patronizing.
John cut in laughing bitterly “Please Mary. Save your breath. The lies must be exhausting you. First about the nonexistent miscarriage. And now about Moriarty and your
There was something there. A connection. A kindred spirit, something I don’t know. But it was there.
“Sure honey. You know what? Let’s be naughty. I have a plan in mind on how we can stick it to those mean jocks. Let’s get out of here.”
“Nothing, nothing ,yes she is cheating on you with your rich CEO neighbour, she goes out wearing a Paithani for God’s sake, boring , boring, God!” Shanaya threw her phone where it bounced harmlessly on the carpet and started pacing across the room.
Shanaya left her phone and put her hands on the glass case separating her from her customers “The Bhagalpuri silk fabric is as old as the Vedic Age. The artwork stitched into every sari is in its purest form and nearly flawless. Because of stupid politics and an unnecessary tangled social history it’s been downgraded to being forgotten or bought by people who never wear it more than once except in weddings of relatives they don’t even remember. The point of saris is to be appreciated and worn regularly.”
Oh gods I need to do something before I tell this idiot that his wife is leaving him coz she thinks he’s having an affair and is taking the children.
“You promised me Moriarty.” Mary said as she kept the gun steady on Sherlock as she spoke to her current employer.
Jameela latched her trunk shut and opened her window to call down to the car to go away as her phone pinged with a message.
She swallows a sob as she flops down on her pillow. She stares up at the fan and marks each rotation as she tries to fall asleep again.
“But she said Monday. That leaves her forty eight hours and a reunion party where she could meet some old friend who could have an extra room with her and offer it to her in a pathetic attempt to hit on her and then she would call you because she’s too nice to just text you and with that apologetic and regretful tone she would tell you that she has found a better roommate who wouldn’t play piano at odd hours and dissect her life into fifty thousand parts just because she can and –“ Shanaya realized she had now started speaking out loud breathlessly and  she could hear her heartbeat in her ears as her pulse increased rapidly.
As John ordered two more Fosters and kept Murray from falling over, he spied a woman in an almost over fashionable black dress with dark red lipstick on smirking lips sitting opposite a bored looking taller man on the other end of the pub. Even from a faraway angle John could make out curly hair and sharp angular features.
“Oh God, I’m sorry Maanav. Wait let me give you my wet tissues”. Jameela babbled a bit as she rummaged through her purse.
What do you guys think?? Pick your favourite ! Or disagree with me vehemently and tell me who would be better as our Jameela/John
years later, he died and left us both in a better place than before. I opened my shop six months after. After that, I realised that emotions...
John and Sherlock sat at the back as Lisa drove. John suddenly felt a paper shoved in his open palm.
Mary laughed “Oh please Sherlock not this again. Stop being so bloody obtuse. There is no Mrs Norbury. It was me. I betrayed them. I was offered a better deal, a better job and I took it”
“That wasn’t just me. We all had to play on even if we lost our pants. Captain’s orders” John broke into a fit of giggles again
Shanaya raised her chin and said “I know you’re a former Army doctor who was invalided home from Kashmir. You have a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help. Possibly because you don’t like him- more likely because he just walked out on his wife. Your doctor has diagnosed the tremble in your hands as psychosomatic- quite correctly I’m afraid”. Shanaya half smiled “I think that’s enough to go on isn’t it?’
Jameela looked around with a slight frown on her face “ I think it would be best if we do this somewhere … a little less noisy na?” She looked up at the tall woman who furrowed her nose, quite cutely to be honest. Jameela frowned at her errant thoughts and schooled her expression.
The mother got redder with rage and was about to open her mouth to presumably rage at her, her daughter interrupted her from the entrance “Mom, seriously. Let’s go with the blue one. You know dad gets mad when we have to use his credit card.” The daughter walked towards her mom and looked at Shanaya and said “Blue poly cotton sari please”
“Hello sexy. Miss me? “Jim said as he blew a kiss to Sherlock. Sherlock suppressed a shudder and tried to regain himself as he tried to make sense of Moriarty’s very alive presence here.
Btw the sari details and types I got from various clothing websites. The details about the Bhagalpuri silk sarees from here-
Biology tells us that we have evolved from monkeys. Apparently, Anderson’s genetic ancestors were very stupid monkeys.
Shanaya looked up from her stitching to see the doctor from the clinic opposite here – (Maanav…… something) with a short long black haired woman in her 30’s, clearly an old medical college friend – going by the talk. Her breath caught at the formal stance and the wary eyes observing the surroundings- Army Doctor. Invalided home from?-
That wasn’t the issue. I had learnt how to tune out idiots from an early age. I had a friend. Irene. More than a friend, I mean.. We were together for two years.
Jameela was still staring at her until she realized Shanaya had asked her her name “ Oh, Dr Watwe, Dr Jameela Watwe. You can call me by my first name –Jameela that is”. She said flustered beyond belief at the woman’s gaze and belatedly realizing her manners , stuck her hand out.
Shanaya rolled her eyes at her and said “Why have you come to bother me with the same rubbish over and over again?”
Hemish swallowed and began " I'm not really that much of a story teller. So please bear with me, if I am unclear about something. I'll start with my marriage, which began about two years ago."
“Over the last week, more shitty graffiti has come up in both lockers Sally. The pitch was dug up in the middle of the night before we had to play our quarters. All players are scared to play since their lucky items are disappearing. John lost his lucky denim jacket along with my lucky police cap. Coach is getting more pissed and he’s afraid that the money locker- where the money for our gear and travel is kept will be next. He’s our best option. Even if he’s bonkers.” Greg said.
That woman had been danger. The smell of politics, control, manipulation and agendas was emanating from her. She wielded power and tried to use it to whether intimidate her or persuade her , she doesn't quite know.
“Oh, we were just waiting for you Dr Watson! Please join us and this little drama of ours. Your presence was sorely needed” Moriarty said smiling clapping his hands together with glee but Sherlock noticed the spark of rage in his eyes when John first entered the room.
You could have someone else measure it before it comes to you. Middleman might be more... Competent.
Shanaya threw some money at him and walked out towards the big townhouse with ivy and creeper plants adorning the walls of the house. Shanaya pressed the bell twice and waited as she rocked back and forth on her heels rapidly.
The reunion was being held at one of those big wedding venue places. It was a big garden area with a wooden stage with hastily draped curtains on it, Jameela was pretty sure she could see a sizable hole on the banister. The DJ has given up trying to do any actual DJ’ing and was basically now letting the music play on shuffle while presumably played some latest mobile game on his phone, given the furious tapping.
“Its classical music. On a violin.” Murray said with a pleading look at John. John sighed and acquiesced “Fine. Find the girl. I’ll get some drinks. We’re going to need it”.
As he waited for the beers, he felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned around to nearly have his heart seize.
Shanaya turned to her side on the sofa where she was lying. Draped in a slightly tatty, loose dressing gown which was lying on the floor a little, Shanaya sighed and stared at her phone on the coffee table sitting placidly at a little distance from the coffee table. Mrs Hanglem had moved the table after one too many instances of Shanaya forgetting it was there and hitting her thigh on it when she got up, leading to profound swearing in three languages and yelling at her bemused landlady.
Almost as if it were a command Jameela raised her arms and Shanaya briskly but not roughly put the measuring tape around her stomach. “ Soooo. Are you not going to write these down?” Jameela said as she frantically tried not to get goosebumps at her touch.
She runs off without a word to JOHN. John looks even more confused but with a slight smile on her face as she watches the tall, beautiful woman run off.
Jameela looked at the woman sitting next to her. Clearly some form of assistant, constantly tapping away on her phone. Not really much of a talker, with the short responses and consistent ignoring of said doctor’s presence entirely when not asked a direct question.
Shanaya sidestepped her and went to the cupboard and opened the door with a flourish. Some cloth started to spill on the ground as Shanaya picked out a maroon saree with a silver fall, blue sari with a red and golden fall and a black sari with a gold design . She put them carefully on the table and then walked towards her until she was just a few inches from Jameela.
John thought as he stuffed his clothes in his laundry bag. He rummaged through his pockets and his table drawers for his laundry card.
All of a sudden, a woman flounces down next to her. She is tall, slim with green eyes and high cheekbones. Dressed in a purple shirt and jeans, she has an irritated expression on her face.
"I need an assistant. You'll do perfectly". Shanaya said with that same offhand tone but her mind was burning inside at the presence of the short but sturdily built brown haired woman who was sitting inches away from her .
“Whose fucking idea was it to go out to Marylebone of all places? We weren’t getting a Tube for two hours and finding a taxi was nigh impossible, if it wasn’t for that guy who overcharged us through our noses”.
As the car sped off into the night behind her, Jameela's shoulders loosened and she let out a breath she didn't realise she'd been holding the entire night. The security guard finally heard the scraping of the trunk against the ground and woke up to let her inside the building.
The figure atop the hill took a running start and cannonballed over the edge to the pool below. John stared in awe as SHERLOCK made a whooping sound as she came down to the pool below the hill.
"Thanks Mrs Hanglem. You can call me Jameela you know". Jameela said with a slight but polite smile at the woman who sat on the other armchair and crossed her legs , adjusting her nightie .
" Okay. Tell your boss, thanks for the nighttime ride and tell her to fuck off and stay out of Shanaya's - and my business- but you know politely." Jameela said pleasantly with a tight sarcastic smirk that belied her tone as she turned her back on her and walked towards the gate.
Also, I didn’t retire. I was honourably discharged. Or at least that’s what I told the pension office.
“Are you saying you lost my sunglasses? The brand new one? The one you begged to borrow for your date and told me you wouldn’t lose it 100%??”
John looked up where she was gazing and silently cursed. It was the Player of the Month board. That had his smiling photo pinned right on top.
I thought it was my fault. I thought I wasn’t careful enough. I sneaked out and I went to her with some vague plan of elopement. and saw her taking a cheque from my parents. And then she said “Shame, your daughter was more fun than the usual girls I have to work with.”
“Three kisses means spouse usually plus the fact it’s with you, both means he wants you to stay in touch and he left her and doesn’t want a reminder of her”. Shanaya finished with a little shrug to say ‘easy’.
Which was saying a lot, considering Shanaya was the most interesting, charming and unique person she had met in a long while. Mad, definitely. But fascinating.
“No arguments here. But at least I made breakfast.” John said as he switched the flame off and put the pan on the table. “Eat up.” He handed Mike a fork and stabbed into his sausage.
“Um, the blouse and fall please” Jameela said a little curtly trying to get a hold of her composure.
Shanaya put her hand on her other hand and held it tightly over her pulse as she breathed in and out slowly and deliberately to calm her anxiety ridden heart down.
The woman ignored her and kept typing until a few seconds later, it seemed to occur to her about politeness “Hello”.
Thankfully, the officer (she really should figure out his name) caught on to her disinterest in his spiel and cleared his throat to get her attention. Shanaya broke out of her irritated deconstruction of the man’s family and looked at him with a barely constrained impatience.
Shanaya barely looked up from her phone as she answered “Bhagalpuri silk sarees are for formal ceremonies”.
John’s heart hammered as the answer washed over him “Oh…right. So d’you have a boyfriend then? Which is fine by the way”?
Shanaya opened her eyes and looked at the roof. Peeling paint with slight cracks on the wall and an intermittently working fan.
A dull afternoon with clouds gathering over the park.It’s a small park with a children’s playground a few metres away. The cacophony of traffic and humanity comes from the other side of the park. The park overlooks multiple shops, including some sari shops.
The woman laughed but there was no real humour behind the laugh “Major Sajid will be very pleased with her little
As she scrolled down, Jameela saw a blog with barely 1000 hits on it called “The Science of Clothing”. Jameela smirked, yeah that was her.
“Good. Rugby player as well, that will do perfectly.” Sherlock Holmes said as the bartender set the beers. He picked up the beers and walked over to the front table.
When she talked to Saxena, the idea of the reunion didn’t seem to please her a lot. So clearly, not a big fan of mingling or parties as a whole. Wary eyes as she scanned the room, always on alert for danger – a soldier’s habit.
“They can be really mean you know? Especially those jocks.” Sherlock’s voice quavered but he did not take his eyes of Lisa’s face.
“Aha! So you did pull”. Sally said triumphantly as she laid down a five of hearts and a six and seven of clubs for a straight. “Read em and weep boys”.
“Actually, I just remembered they’re hosting this reunion for our batch at Pride Hotel on Sunday. You should come”. Maanav said as they sat on the stone stair and watched the kids play football of all things on the basketball ground.
Jameela was left to do the polite manners thing and shook his hand, as she walked in with him into the drawing room.
When they reached the bus stop, the bus was still ten minutes away. John and Sherlock settled onto the plastic seats uncomfortably, but cosy in each other’s company.
John had always knew that their relationship had survived against the clock. But he couldn’t be ready for the ending. Not in a million years.
Jameela struggled to reply, astonished and somehow intrigued at the shopkeeper as she looked at Maanav “Did you tell her –
Jameela rose up , ignoring Mrs Hanglem who was still chattering away at her friend's latest affair and stared right back at her.
The backroom was a little bigger than she first thought it would be. It was the length and breadth of Nani’s kitchen in the flat where she was now occupying. There were two tables at the end of the room with two fancy looking sewing machines on it. Looking around, she saw cupboards looking like they’re going to pop open with some of the fabric peeking outside .
A waiter suddenly appeared out of seemingly nowhere in front of them and said “Dr Watwe? There’s an urgent call for you from your sister on the landline”.
John it is. You have been sitting here for two days. Clearly a daily routine. You are still dressed in a white coat so you work nearby. The Army clinic is on the opposite road. Mostly only retired army doctors work there in my experience.
“Oh yes Aniket, nice to see you. “ She smiled politely and shook his hand quickly “How have you been?”
"You probably are going to ignore me, but I don't think you're suited for this life" The assistant said to Jameela's back as she dragged herself and her baggage to the gate. Under the flickering light , the inky black gate was almost invisible if it wasn't for the snoring security guard and the flashlight he held which was dropped on the ground.
All eyes turned to him. “Did you notice the red paint on Richard’s lucky Metallica T-shirt? The hole torn through some photos of girlfriends and boyfriends. The…colourful language spray painted on the women’s lockers? I don’t think this was just petty thievery.” John said.
“ After you, then Jameela”. Shanaya smiled that bright dazzling smile that highlighted her cheekbones even more.
Jameela picked up the flyer and examined it “Do you know who left this here?” She asked Shanaya who was busy tackling the silk cloth with the hole in it with vigorousness
Shanaya barely restrained a tired sigh at the most obvious question in the history of the universe. She removed a rent agreement paper and slid it to him. “My main address on most of my ID documents is my sister’s for the time being. I have already secured an apartment above the shop at 221B Baker Street and will be moving there in two weeks”.
" From then the mood in the house has changed ma'am . There's a look in her eyes , it's like she is expecting some other shoe to drop any minute. The look of fear and trepidation in her face and body has not left her and she has not had an easy night's sleep since."
She moved her arms vigorously. Almost there. Finally! Her head broke through to the surface. Gasping, she gulped in essential oxygen as she peered up to the hill. The figure still stood at the edge. She seemed closer to the edge now though. She called out, urging her to jump, but she got no answer.
The first time around he met a handsome, brave doctor in St Bart’s who praised him on his deductions and cared for him like no one else had. He worried about him, ran with him side by side on their madcap adventures.
“Sure Harry. Look, there’s something urgent happening here. I don’t have time for this. Do I call Clara and ask her to pick you up?” John asked.
The next day, as Jameela walked down to the supermarket in the society, she heard a voice calling out her name.
“Me? You’re the one who practically shoved me into your car and drove all the way out here, on the other end of the river”. Mike’s grin didn’t abate as he peeked his head out to survey the audience. John struggled with the zip of the guitar bag. The waitress slash announcer walked off the stage “You’re next cutie. One minute”. She winked at John and walked away, swinging her hips to the appreciative gaze of one out of two men, the other one still cursing the hell out of the zip of the bag.
“Yeah, that was amazing. Simply extraordinary. ”. Jameela said wonderingly as she looked up at Shanaya’s growing smile as Shanaya realized that Jameela had meant what she had said .
“Fine yeah. But who the hell does he think he is? Arrogant psychopath…” Sally muttered under her breath as they put the chips and cards in the box.
“Okay… mate but I’ve only got four pounds on it.” Mike said as he handed the rectangle card reluctantly.
I wanted to try the stick men but I can't do that so I thought Id rather use my latest obsessions with Urdu poetry as code. Plus dude Urdu poetry is so gay you wouldn't believe. There's an entire genre of lesbian poetry that was sadly scrubbed away during the British rule that is so wonderfully erotic and loving which deserves its time in the sun man.
Shanaya rose quickly, really wanting to get out of this oppressively boring place. She shook his proffered hand quickly and turned to frog march out of there.
“Why?” John asked as he collected the cards messily. He placed a couple of cards on the window sill as he straightened out the cards in his hands.
Shanaya raised her hand to stop the man before he irritated her further with trite condolences “Its fine. Could we get to the matter on hand?”
The rickshaw sputtered along the road with a droning sound as the sleepy looking rickshawwala in a ratty sweater and cap hummed beneath his breath , until Shanaya snapped at him to stop.
But like most people trying to keep up appearances, he has an obligatory photo of his family; precariously close to the cup of tea. Plastic frame obviously, (clearly a junior officer at the bank) .The wife and children in the picture had the fakest smiles she’d ever seen out of Marichika’s dreary business parties.
"She was very straight forward about it my Eli. She gave me an option to back out if I wished to do so after she explained things".
“Sally, it’s a good thing isn’t it? That you found out now rather than later? I think it’s time.” John said cautiously
Jameela kept staring at him for a minute with that same expression as she mentally tried to get herself together, it’s just Maanav Jay, he didn’t know Jay, get you together soldier! She shouted at herself as she snapped back into reality.
John closed his eyes, trying to tamp down the frustration and anger he felt whenever Harry raised this subject “I did okay? And he didn’t. Not as much and so he went away. If you’re done reminding me of the worst moment of my life Harry, I would like to get back to my team”.
on the stage. That was for you. That was about you. If you’re not interested, it’s all fine; I wouldn’t mind being just friends-
"She's with me. Dr Jameela Watwe , Hemish Choudhary". Shanaya made quick introductions and strode into the living room.
Maanav laughed and said “Oh God no. we’re still tiny and underpaid as hell. Actually, something strange happened. We were going to do this in the usual place as we do all our formal stuff. In that tiny wedding hall near that sweet shop and give everyone samosas and chips. But we got a call two days ago by some hot shot sounding voice on the other end who said she would get us a better and bigger place and give us catering too free of charge”.
John stepped back, raising his throwing arm and threw the chain into the high tide waters of the Thames. As the chain disappeared into the water, he walked away to just one thought.
Watson proposed to Mary Morstan, hoping against hope to forget the brilliant but distant shining star who would surely mock his sentiments if he ever confessed out loud.
As Shanaya rummaged through the cupboards again , Jameela looked down as she rocked on her feet , trying to get a hold of herself. “ How did you know about all of those things?”
Jameela was again left completely speechless and couldn’t say anything as Shanaya took the measurements for her breast area. She finally found her ability to talk as Shanaya wrapped the measuring tape around her arm “That was ….amazing.”
He had watched his little brother and the army doctor love each other and devote their selves to each other without ever realizing the other’s actions. Their society had left him no option but to serve as nothing more than a spectator in their love story, in a time where their love would never be accepted.
“ I’ll remember” Shanaya said as she chewed the end of her lip seemingly lost in thought. She walked away to the table and put the maroon sari to one side.
As Maanav left her to Nana’s place, Jameela hadn’t stopped thinking about the mysterious genius lady who had figured her entire life out in minutes. Not even that, seconds! Just one look at her she knew everything! Jameela smiled and laughed to herself at her mental gushing over the mysterious genius.
Ghazia didn’t blink an eye at her rudeness and said serenely “Coz its fun. We have a bet going in the shop of how many mothers are going to organize a protest against you. You should just let them buy the damn sari they want”.
“He told me Anderson was cheating on me. Telling me he wasn’t fit to touch my dirty cleats, let alone go out with me”. Sally muttered.
“Come on. I’ve got a secret way through without anyone noticing”. Lisa whispered. John noted her not having any spray cans.
As she walked in, she saw a short-ish curvy woman in a suit and a black briefcase a little away from her standing near the stage. There was a chair a little further away from him.
Every turn she took , both literally and metaphorically, was filled with surprises since she met Shanaya Hardikar.
“So, uh, there’s a little story with this. When I signed up to sing , I thought I’d just sing something classic- Queen or Metallica. All love songs tell the same love story, whether they’re on a vintage or an electric anyhow. ” John smiled weakly, his heart hammering away in his ears.
" I promised her but I had started to get genuinely worried about this mess of a situation and wondered if my wife and family were in danger. So I confided in my brother, who spoke to Ghazia." He nodded at Shanaya , Shanaya motioned for the man to continue.
As the British Government he knew well, that the Napoleon of crime had been a dangerous supernatural figure who was obsessed with destroying the two men, willing to wait across centuries and generations to see them again, if only to destroy them once again.
John held the can of red spray. Oh God that’s her. She’s the saboteur. He met Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock nodded slightly. John squared his shoulders and smiled an equally false smile at Lisa.
“It was interesting to say the least. You say you could figure out an airline pilot by their thumb and a pani – puri maker by their moustache”. Jameela said pursuing her lips.
Jameela stared at the back of the waiter and at the constantly ringing phone in the booth as she looked around at her surroundings. It was a dark road with only one flickering street light. There were occasional cars that went by but she knew that no one would see her here. She went towards the booth and picked up the phone.
Mary crumpled to the ground and her blood started to seep through the floor as John fixed his gun at Moriarty.
The gate creaked open as she strode inside, Jameela walking fast behind her to catch up to Her Absurd Tallness and Long Legs.
It had been three months since she had returned to her home town and after three months of waiting, she had finally been handed her sentence from the Indian Army.
“ I didn’t know I saw”. Shanaya said as she removed a red and black sari with flowers on the fall “ I think this one would match your complexion and height better”. Shanaya went back to staring at the sari for God only knows why.
The car stopped. Jameela sat there, not quite knowing what was going to happen, but the woman looked at her and very pointedly said “Bye”.
“Hello darlings”. She said silkily. John sat up with a start of recognition as the spotlight shined on her face, the woman from the rugby night.  “It is my honor to introduce a true star in our midst. The very definition of a dark horse who hid himself and his talents in obscurity.” A loud cough sounded to her right. Ignoring it she continued “Gentlemen, ladies and those of other variations of gender please welcome Mr. Sherlock Holmes”.
