There's really no other explanation for the fact that these two kids are drowning in t-shirts he could swear Cas and Dean had been wearing earlier. Along with the fact that they're standing in the pile of clothes that they were definitely wearing earlier. It'd be too much to hope that the witch just stripped them and stowed them away somewhere else in the house as part of some weird fetish that Dean would get a kick out of.
Feeling Sam’s gaze on him, Dean quits his glaring contest with the table, redirecting it to Sam instead. “What?”
Sam double-checks his watch as he heads in the direction of Dean’s room; it was getting close to dinner time and he’d rather know now instead of later if Dean was going to play a one-sided hide and seek game with Cas for the rest of the day.
“A couple days,” Sam admits, resigned. He clears his throat again, seeming to shake off a cough. “About five days, we think.”
It wasn’t even the first time some dumbass thought he and Cas were… more than just buddies. And Dean’s not blind, okay? Let it be known that he’s actually aware of the vibes they sometimes give off even if he doesn’t know what he’s doing to be giving them off in the first place. Usually it made sense to blame it on Cas, what with all the staring and standing too close to Dean and all, but they weren’t even in the same damn room this time.
“Experience,” he says. “Lisa made sure I knew that she’d match me drink for drink and win if I tried to be uppity about the bright eyesores she called drinks.” Blinking in surprise at his own words, he hastily corrects himself. “I mean- your tolerance is worth shit compared to mine. Don’t beat yourself up over it.”
Crowley rolls his eyes towards the ceiling. Always impatient, these two. “I can confirm that two of the items
Dean hesitates then. He needs his brother in on this, but he can’t think of a way to explain it that doesn’t make him sound like he’s lost his marbles. Sam stares at him expectantly, brow raised.
Dean stares up at him, eyes wide and bright with tears, lower lip trembling. Before Sam can say anything, he turns around and runs off.
Dean straightens up in his seat, ready to object. “We’re not ti-” He interrupts himself with a huge yawn, “-red. Right, Cas?”
“For whatever I’ve done recently to upset you and make you feel the need to avoid me. I’m still learning about human boundaries, but clearly I’ve overstepped something unawares and made you uncomfortable,” he says, not meeting Dean’s eyes.
Cas leans back against the counter, rubbing at his temples to keep the slowly building headache at bay. He shoots a quick glance at the kitchen clock to make sure he has enough time for one more attempt before resolutely setting himself back to work.
Sam blinks, straightening up. Of all the things he expected Cas to say or ask, that wasn’t even on the list. He feels the now-familiar scratching sensation start up in his throat when he doesn’t answer immediately. Clearing his throat to dispel the feeling, he says, “I uh, suppose it depends on who’s doing it and how you’d like to respond.”
“Yeah, you did,” Sam agrees. “Dean always thought you were kinda badass, even if he never told you.”
“I made one for you as well, Sam,” Castiel says, taking the proffered parcel from Charlie and handing it to him. Dean quits giving him the stink-eye to see what Sam’s one looks like, watching as he rips apart the wrapping. Sam crows once he sees the scarf.
“I had no intention of spying, I assure you." Castiel says nervously, as if realizing he's misstepped somewhere. "I just happened to stumble upon you dancing once. Or twice.”
He opens his mouth to announce his presence as he reaches the entryway to avoid getting shouted at again for accidentally spooking Dean into suffering another bruise and falters, almost running into the doorframe.
He kicks aside a pebble on the path, grasping for something else to talk about. “What do you think of Lebanon?”
“You’re a heathen,” Charlie tells him flatly. Kevin snorts into his coffee. “But no, no Dion just so I won’t have to hear you whine about it. Now shut up and appreciate Bublé.”
“Then you can have it,” Sam replies, nodding at the plush toy with a smile. Cas stares at Sam for a few seconds before reaching out hesitantly, casting an uncertain look over his shoulder. Sam’s encouraging nod seems to be all he needs as he carefully pulls the toy out of the pile and hugs it close, arms wrapped around its soft round body as he gives a shy smile of gratitude to Sam.
He runs a hand over his mouth. “I’m not sitting here waiting for you to heal up so we can jump onto the next hunt we can find. I’m friggin
seem like the kinda guy who’d like someone trying to go after his friend (who he almost definitely has feelings for - unless Rick’s bi-fi has gone kaput, and he’s not accepting that because he hasn’t failed at reading vibes yet). It’s almost too bad he can’t ask Mal for a second opinion, but the five seconds of interaction between the two earlier wasn’t much for them to go on. Plus, he’s not too keen on showing his hand and opening himself up to even more ribbing from them.
Cas’ brows draw together, staring at Sam like he can see right through him to all the rough, worn edges of himself he’s been hiding.
Mildly amused, he replays the gif a couple of times. It’s funny in a cutesy, animal-makes-human-expression kinda way and he can imagine that Sam would probably get a kick outta seeing Cas’ reaction to it. Cas was obviously the intended recipient, considering the fact that Dean already knows they have a habit of sending stuff like this to each other (from Cas’ own admission when Dean once asked him what he was smiling like a dope at his phone for). Apparently his brother’s butterfingers ended up sending it to Dean instead.
“Mind telling me why you wanted fried chicken so badly that you had us drive out into a snowstorm to get it? You’re lucky the shops were even open,” Dean grumbles as he walks out of the garage, trailing behind Sam with his arms full of groceries. He doesn’t stop griping as they walk into the library. “And what’s with all the other shit you needed anyway? Are you having weird pregnancy cravings or something? Anything you want to tell me, Samantha?”
Dean frowns but relents, handing over half the paper towels to Cas. Better to avoid shutting him out more than he already has and actually make him suspicious; he’s been lucky so far that Cas hasn’t caught on to his avoidance tactics.
“You got a sick sense of humor, you know that?” Dean says, listening for any sounds of his brother or best friend nearby. It’s honestly starting to get ridiculous how long Sam’s taking to get the drop on her. He’ll excuse Cas for now, but this shit is disappointing coming from his own brother. He’s gonna give him hell if it turns out Sam didn’t get stuck in one of her booby traps or something.
, an argument which should have been amusing considering the current situation, but really, really wasn't considering the amount of effort they had to put in to wrestle him into bed. Bribes didn’t work so well with Cas, nor did Sam’s unfortunate attempt to threaten to take his stuffed bee away. The resulting tantrum was best left forgotten.
“You’re allowing him to wander around the bunker now?” Sam asks, grabbing his mug and getting some coffee for himself.
Crowley opens his mouth, intending to deflect and needle Castiel instead as he normally would, but what comes out instead is, “I have.”
He still finds that he rather misses Dean’s presence though. Not that Dean has been missing, though Castiel has mostly only seen him in passing over the last few days, their excursions into town notwithstanding. But it isn’t quite the same when Dean is busy with his own tasks, be it cleaning up around the bunker, working on the Impala, or cooking, or any other of the plethora of tasks keeping him so well occupied; Castiel isn’t able to be involved in those let alone be nearby as a bystander to learn if nothing else, what with the help he’d promised Sam.
statement manages to do something funny to Cas’ frown, though he turns away before Sam can try to guess at it.
He goes about shelving peacefully, only half listening to the songs and the radio jockey talking in between songs. He’s barely listening when the strains of the newest song reaches his ears.
“Woah, woah! Don’t go using all of ‘em at once,” Dean says, grabbing his wrist and barely stopping him in time from depositing all of it over the mess. He lets go almost immediately after, not quite meeting Cas’ eyes as he quickly explains how to actually clean it up without making it worse or wasting all their paper towels. Cas readjusts accordingly and it’s only a matter of minutes before they’ve got the spill cleaned up.
The waitress nods, punching a few keys on the register until it coughs up the bill. She tears it off and sets it in front of him before poking her head into the kitchen to relay Dean’s order. “The salad’ll be ready in a few minutes,” she says, turning back to him and taking the proffered cash. “I’ll bring it over to your table.”
Dean’s arms cross, expression closing off. “So you get why I don’t really feel like talkin’ to you right now?”
He didn’t get much of a chance to brood over it since Cas would inevitably find him, hesitantly gravitating to Dean whenever he thought he could get away with it.
By the time he gets back inside his fingers feel stiff and numb, his nose and cheeks stinging as he’s greeted by the warm air of the bunker. He trudges down the stairs, pausing halfway into the library when he finds it empty. Before he can gather the energy to worry, Kevin wanders into the war room, a steaming cup of coffee in hand.
“Yeah, of course.” He heads for the refrigerator, pulling out the milk carton. “You sure you can finish off another glass though?”
“It’s been a month,” Sam reminds him, staring down at the closed book in front of him. “And nothing’s changed. I don’t know how much longer I can keep at this before royally screwing it up somehow.” He huffs a small, mirthless laugh. “Not that I haven’t already managed to.”
He’s about to go and open up a bottle of the mulled wine he’d snagged yesterday and start on making breakfast when Cas stops beside him, frowning up at the ceiling.
Sam glances up from the tome in front of him at the sound of footsteps approaching. “Hey. Find anything interesting?”
“I gathered as much from the line of questioning earlier,” Crowley replies dryly. Not a potion then, as he’d initially assumed. “I take it people are overflowing with uncomfortable truths to confess to you.”
Dean goes still, any hints of false cheerfulness vanishing like it had never been there. His jaw works stiffly. “Don’t really feel like talking, Cas.”
“Pie,” Dean says shortly, frowning down at the counter. He sighs again, muttering to himself, “I’ll need to make a supply run.” Cas apparently still hears him somehow, because he can see the guy perk up in his periphery.
Dean grunts. “Needed to think.” At Sam’s raised eyebrows, Dean changes tracks, asking instead, “How’re you holdin’ up?”
It takes a step towards Cas. Dean reacts without thinking and shoots. It doesn’t so much as flinch as the bullet penetrates its shoulder, glancing at Dean with almost sardonic amusement. “You didn’t really think that would work, did you?”
Much as he’s relieved at it not being Cas, Crowley isn’t exactly a better option. He tightens the belt of his robe self-consciously as he half-turns to face him. “What’re you doing here?”
He hurriedly gets in, grimacing as the water soaks into the seat. Dean would kill him for this. Well, the adult one would, if he ever found out.
Dean groans, slapping a hand over his eyes. He can feel Cas’ gaze still on him even if he can’t see it. Coughing against the itch in his throat, he lowers the hand covering his eyes, reaching for his glass of water. He meets Cas’ gaze for a second as he sets it back down before redirecting it to look outside, finding himself muttering a reluctant response. “Probably? I don’t know. Look, can we please just drop this?”
Well, his bad. He rattles off the total and starts bagging up the guy’s purchases, figuring he can give one last shot to indulge his curiosity masked under polite sympathy. His expression turns commiserating as he says, “It sucks when the boyfriend puts you in the doghouse.”
Sam and Cas both clue into Dean’s mood, and aside from some curious side-eyeing from Sam, both of them give him a fair berth. Which is honestly the best for everyone because Dean’s not sure he isn’t going to blow up at someone if they talk to him.
“You’re joking,” Kevin says, flatly. There’s no humor in Sam’s face to indicate he’s trying to pull a fast one on him. “…You’re not joking. What the hell happened?”
“Consider this something like parole, for good behavior and whatnot.” At the uncertain look on Sam’s face, he adds, “I
The general steps to make a pie had seemed deceptively simple, and yet, he’d failed miserably at his first two attempts at making a pie. On his first attempt, he’d misread the temperature settings and accidentally set it too high, which resulted in the pie getting burnt. That pitiful excuse of a pie was currently resting in a charcoal lump in the trash.
Dean moves to type up some sort of smart-ass reply to get him back to work but his fingers slip and he accidentally replays the gif instead. It takes him a moment to realize there’s something familiar about the way the cat’s squinting at the camera. He plays it again, trying to follow the thread of recollection at the back of his mind. He goes cold when his brain superimposes a memory of a squinting Cas over the squinting cat he’s staring at with growing horror.
“Apparently he got bored,” Dean tells him sarcastically with a shrug, not really in the mood to get into it.
There’s a sharp look in Dean’s eyes when he responds. “You tell me how you’d feel if I pulled a stunt like that on you. Oh, guess what,” he says sarcastically, “I
“Yes?” Stone-Cold Fox says, squinting at him. If it wasn’t for the squint, Rick would be able to see what was probably a pair of knockout blue eyes to go with the rest of him. It takes him a few horrifically long seconds after that to realize he got caught staring.
one, Rick might reconsider the college idea), there’s something about him that’s unfairly hot. The kind of hot his tía Rachel would classify as a stone-cold fox. Which, hey, works as a better nickname for the guy too.
Sam, who’d been slanting a curious glance in his direction like he’d been expecting the lecture as well, amps up the look when he notices the new seating arrangement. Dean pointedly ignores it. It’s not like he
“I’m certain there would be cause for worry if my boyfriend suddenly had an issue with kissing me,” Cas says dryly. “Your concern is appreciated, but as you can see, Dean is fine.”
Sam watches them trail after Kevin like a pair of child-sized lost puppies, shaking his head with a smile. He heads for the stairs, digging the car keys out of his pocket. He still needed to bring all the kids’ new stuff out of the car.
“I don’t understand why you can’t tell me yourself, Dean. It sounds unusual but not particularly shameful.” Cas’ perception skills were getting better by the day if he’d already managed to suss out that the topic was making Dean feel awkward. Not that it stops the guy from asking anyway. He’d be impressed if he wasn’t being overpowered by said awkwardness.
“I’m sure enough,” Sam says evenly. “I don’t remember anything in the lore saying Ma’at’s feather was used to judge the living, and definitely not like this. Ammit only gets involved once the person’s dead and up for judgment.”
“We’re supposed to be teaching him some semblance of a routine, Sammy. Y’know, all that adult human stuff you’d champion at the drop of a hat.”
His shoulders start swaying to the tune, his entire upper body moving along to the song. He continues shelving the books without stopping his half-dance. By the time the chorus comes back around his hips have started slowly shimmying from side to side.
Castiel carefully side-eyes Dean, confused as to the cause of the sudden change in Dean’s mood. Instead of saying anything, he settles himself further into his seat, slanting his glance away to the buildings slipping past as they drive.
“He seems okay with it. I’ll polish off Cas’ PB&J,” Sam says, pulling Cas’ plate to himself. He takes a bite, chewing slowly. “I tried calling you on the way to give you a heads up but you weren't answering your phone.”
He’s still a tiny bit antsy at having to deal with Cas one-on-one but after a mostly decent night’s sleep, he can acknowledge that he might’ve been overreacting yesterday, just a bit. Even if his issues involved Cas, it wasn’t like Cas deserves to be getting the brunt of Dean’s mood swings. He just needs to shove it all down and move on, maybe hook up with someone and get it out of his system.
“It’s... possible I guess,” he concedes, rolling his eyes at the smug look on Dean’s face. He shakes his head with a huff. “We’ll need to find the rest of the files they kept of the storeroom items, see if anything matches the effects you’ve described. You can-”
In a bid to not seem like a creep staring at a customer, Rick goes back to reorganizing the shelves while waiting for the guy to come and ring up his purchases.
“I know buddy, I know. Let’s get you back to bed.” Sam hoists him up and carries him back to his room.
Sam takes a slow, careful breath and stubbornly pushes down the slowly growing horror that this spell might be potentially permanent, and takes a minute to think about what he should do next. He is so not equipped for this.
And Dean still wants more even when he’s afraid of trying to think of what ‘more’ might entail. But what’s the use? Wanting more in life than the cards he’s been dealt never ended well.
Cas isn't much of a chef himself – heating up prepackaged meals or cup noodles don’t count – having never had to cook a day in his life. Neither of his parents are particularly adept in the kitchen, in fact, the only person in his family who could claim to have any culinary talent was his brother, Gabriel. While making normal meals usually resulted in food that could be potentially classified as a bio-hazard, Gabriel was able to make some of the best desserts Cas has ever had. It's an interesting dichotomy he's never sought to question before, though he probably should.
“It’s a…” Castiel swallows, his throat suddenly feeling dry as a desert. “It’s a flirtation. And a pun.”
Sam reaches over, placing the back of his hand at Dean’s forehead, frowning at the heat radiating from him. He looks down at Dean, who stares up at him in glassy-eyed misery. Sam didn’t need to be a genius to realize he was running a fever.
Rick shrugs agreeably and lets him go. He darts a glance outside the window while the guy wanders the aisles slowly, wondering if he’d been so lost in his head that he hadn’t heard a car pull up.
The boys glance at each other, the elder Winchester giving his brother a look of constipated frustration, which earns half an eye roll in response. Interesting.
whoever’s listening for a case, just a salt-and-burn one somewhere a couple hours drive from here, so he didn’t have to keep doing what’s essentially a nerdy hunter’s version of glorified paperwork. He wasn’t fully on board for the Men of Letters legacy crap like Sam so eagerly was, he just wants to enjoy having a home base and a room of his own.
“None of your damn business,” the guy says irritably. Which, ok, ruder than he was expecting. A saner person would probably back down by this point, but there’s only been one other customer in the past two hours and he’s bored, so sue him. He wants to know what’s gotten the guy so pissed off, so he asks what he feels is the most logical possibility for a grumpy, male-model-looking dude. “Girlfriend put you in the dog house?”
Kevin raises the plastic bag he was holding and shakes it, cans clunking against each other as he does. “I told you I was going for a walk.”
He looks back up at Cas then, decision made, because he intends to be man enough to at least face him when he denies everything, even if it means he has to watch Cas’ eyes cloud over with pain that he’s going to cause.
“You can bet your ass on it,” Dean says firmly, reaching out to clasp Cas’ hand and entwining their fingers together.
You weren't really a hunter till you took down a witch anyway. And hey, him and Sam would be there to help Cas learn the ropes.
Cas briefly glances up from where he’s staring down at his mug of coffee thoughtfully (‘communing with his coffee’ as Dean calls it) when Sam wanders back into the kitchen.
“Dean!” Sam’s voice interrupts Cas, echoing through the hall to them, with the heavy sound of his footsteps following right after. They both jump back to the opposite ends of the bed guiltily.
“You gave them to me, Dean. That’s all that matters.” Dean blushes, a light pink dusting his cheeks and highlighting his freckles, but he attempts to brush aside the statement.
Sam inclines his head in agreement. Figuring the conversation was over, he turns back to the shelf in front of him, pulling out a thick book and brushing off the thin layer of dust with a grimace.
love to go in guns blazing, trying it now’s likely to get the cops called on us if we’re not careful. Suburbia like that reeks of having do-gooders on a neighborhood watch.” He picks up his beer, taking a long sip before setting it back down on the motel’s carpeted floor. “‘Sides, if we can manage to go in and torch her magic supplies before she gets wise, then we’re safer.”
“Lez’ play a game,” Dean tries again, turning on his puppy dog pout. It’s dangerously effective because Sam finds himself caving right away.
“Again, that helps us how?” Dean asks. Sam dips his head in agreement, glancing at Crowley expectantly.
He flicks a glance at Sam who’s leaning back against the kitchen island and trying his best to not radiate smug satisfaction at having caught him and Cas under the mistletoe together. Charlie’s standing next to him, not even trying to hide how pleased she is by this. Kevin’s the only one who doesn’t seem to care – he rolls his eyes and goes back to pouring himself a cup of eggnog once he realizes what’s going on.
Standing right in the middle of the cooking bubble is Dean, mixing something in a bowl, focused entirely on it enough that he doesn’t seem to have noticed Kevin. This is a new, mundane level of weird and another point to the fever dream theory.
No matter how hard he tries, he still can’t understand the nuances of things that make humans ashamed or uncomfortable. Regardless, he’s been careful, he thought; he knows Dean better than other humans, has learned his limits and even his contradictions over the years.
“Shut up,” Dean mutters and starts clearing things away. “Sue me for not wanting to get my sugar fix from a supermarket all the time. Shit,” he swears suddenly, checking his watch. “I forgot about dinner.”
“Hey Cas, you’ll never guess what happened today-” Dean turns around and trails off, staring in surprise.
Which is why, a little over a week into their new status quo, Sam’s surprised to find himself waking up bright and early, feeling reasonably well-rested. A glance at his phone tells him it’s just past six in the morning. He closes his eyes for a moment, appreciating the morning silence. It takes him a few minutes before he realizes that it’s early enough for him to go for a jog, something he hasn’t been able to do since his brother and best friend got turned into pint-sized preschoolers.
“Witches like to home-grow their ingredients. She probably has a lot more growing in the back,” Dean tells him, switching the car off. “Alright. We’ll split up, finish things quick. Sam, you can take the upstairs. I’ll take-”
Rick’s busy killing time reorganizing the shelves behind the counter during a lull in his afternoon shift when the bell over the door jingles.
That manages to tease a weak little chuckle out of him, strengthening Sam’s smile in turn. He steps forward, reaching out to give Cas’ shoulder a comforting squeeze.
“Figured that might’ve been the case,” Sam says, polishing off a sandwich. He munches on another, chewing thoughtfully before deciding to comment on something that’s been niggling at him. “You’re handling this situation surprisingly well.”
He sets it back down, reaching over them for his dinner. He eyes it with thinly veiled dismay before taking a bite. Not his preferred fare he’ll admit, but well, beggars can’t be choosers.
Dean takes a quick glance at his watch. “Half an hour. Enough time for you to wash up, and uh, maybe consider a shave, Kev.”
Dean makes an agreeable noise, digging into his own burger. Mouth full, he says, “That, and you can never go wrong with a bacon cheeseburger.”
He’s not sure he’s ready for this, never thought this would be a possibility even though everything Cas has done for him over the years should have given him some idea of how much he means to the guy. He doesn’t know how to deal with being that important to someone; it’s not like with Sam because it’s different, he’s always needed Sam more than Sam’s ever needed him. His life has proved that over and over again. He might not survive needing someone else as much and then losing them, and losing Cas would
Sam thinks to himself, refraining from saying it out loud. Dean’s dark mood from earlier that night had waned, even their lackluster discovery hadn’t brought it roaring back in, and Sam doesn’t want to stoke it back by picking a fight now.
“Kev, you think you could take these two and get them dressed? I figure I might as well take a bath since I’m halfway there already,” Sam says, gesturing at himself.
“I, uh-” Cas stutters, suddenly nervous. He looks down, scratching at some pie filling that dried up on his wrist.
Upset, if Sam had to wager. Hurt, probably confused and a little betrayed. He doesn’t offer any of those up to Cas, waiting silently in case he wants to say something more. When he doesn’t, Sam asks, “Was there something you wanted to talk about?”
Dean drags himself to the kitchen, unsurprisingly empty at, he squints against the light of his phone to check the time, a little after seven. Not really in the mood to eat much, he manages to force down some toast, washing it down with scalding hot coffee.
A handful of people in a little suburb area in Bennett, Colorado had been aging rapidly with no explanation as to how or why. There’d also been an increase in missing person reports around the same time, but no one had thought to connect the two, for obvious reasons.
There’s a lot more giggling and wriggling before Sam manages to calm them down enough to finish bathing them and wrap them both up in giant fluffy towels. Once he’s done, Sam finally looks down at himself to assess the damage. His t-shirt was soaked through and his jeans were completely weighed down with water. He’d track puddles everywhere if he stepped out of the bathroom now.
but the words don’t come out. All the things they’ve left unsaid between them all these years choke him and steal his voice. Even now they’re both cowards.
“Dean, I honestly wouldn’t care if it was wrapped in tinfoil,” Cas says gently. He takes the same amount of care with undoing it as he did with the cheery Christmas themed paper that had covered Sam’s present.
“There’s no such thing. Contracts with hell are lasting, within the limitations of the agreement and barring external influences, of course; spells of the non-dangerous variety, by its nature, do wear off - it’s a guaranteed inevitability.” Guessing at the reasoning for Sam’s question, he asks, “How long has Squirrel been caught in that spell?”
Dean gives him a warning glance. Castiel decides not to heed it. “Even if you say it’s more complicated than any issues you have with me, clearly some of those exist.”
“What,” He replies shortly. Kevin stares up at him evenly. “You’re not going to make anything better going after him like this.”
So he turns too, half-expecting to be woken up from the dream he’s clearly in the middle of. His eyes land on Cas and he doesn’t wake up.
“There’s more coffee in the kitchen if you want.” He walks past Sam, heading for the nearest table stacked with books. “I found some more books we can look through while you were out. Go get warmed up so you can make yourself useful.”
No cars in the neighbor’s driveway. Good, that meant no one was home. If he was careful, he could ‘borrow’ some clothes for Dean and Cas until he got them some of their own.
Sam sighs and tries to reroute the conversation back to the matter at hand. Dean doesn’t need to be a part of this conversation when he’s not even here to lend a hand. “You start searching from where you’ve been clearing up, and I’ll keep working on this side.”
Castiel glares at him, resolutely continuing to wipe down the counter in an attempt to ignore his coworker. His shift at
Dean sticks around for lunch just long enough to shovel some food into his face and then makes a break for it to the garage. God is he ever grateful that this giant, secret society building has a decent garage.
He’d pasted on a smile and forced himself into acting normal today while they worked, teaming up with Sam this time to make sure he wasn’t pushing himself. Sam’s been stubborn about taking breaks, and Dean’s not about to let his bull-headed pride take him down after everything else.
“PB&J san’wiches are awesome, Cas!” Dean exclaims, grinning toothily. Kevin turns, two plates of sandwiches in hand, and notices Sam hovering awkwardly in the doorway. He raises a brow. “Where’d you wander off to?”
Right. That must be the excuse Sam gave him to try those negating spells on the feather without Cas hovering nearby.
Crowley sighs. “If a ‘solution’ and some actual freedom is so hard to come by, I’d like to offer one of my own.”
“Hell yeah. Do you even have to ask?” Dean says, moving to seat himself at the kitchen island. Cas cuts out an extra-large slice, grabbing a fork from the dish rack as he sets the plate down in front of Dean.
He’s trying and failing to immerse himself in one of the historical journals he snagged from the storeroom a few days ago when there’s a soft knock at his door.
“Wait, so let me get this straight,” Charlie says, voice tinged with disbelief. “You guys got on a witch’s bad side; she got pissed and turned my handmaiden and his angel boyfriend into kids?”
Dean slips out of the bathroom, barely dodging the squirming teenager waiting outside who shoves past him, and heads up to the counter, keeping his back to their booth. There’s no one manning the counter, but Dean spots the waitress from earlier with another customer, chatting them up as she tops up their coffee. Noticing Dean waiting at the counter, she gives him a nod to let him know she’ll be right with him.
“Ma’at,” Sam corrects. “And yeah, that was my guess too when I thought the mirror might belong to Veritas. But I got the feeling that he thinks they’re both knockoffs.”
“I’m hurt by that, I truly am,” Crowley says dryly. “And here I thought we’d had a moment back in that church.”
Redirecting his glare onto the tarmac, he works his jaw. The gist of everything he’s been avoiding thinking of is simple: he wants more than what he has right now with Cas.
He decides to test a theory that’s beginning to take shape in his mind. “Is something compelling you to speak your mind?”
For all that the guy seems to be dragging his feet, he eventually makes his way over to the counter. Rick hastily tries to look as casually uninterested and bored as he’d been when the guy wandered in.
Nope. This is not happening. This is just some really persistent dream, or possibly a new strain of nightmare that his brain concocted for him. There is no way that these two kids are his brother and Cas. No way.
Dean stops, half crouched with an outstretched arm, frozen in place by an invisible force. He tries to struggle against it but he might as well be a statue for all the good it's doing.
Cas is watching him right back, expression almost nervous as Dean stops in front of him. He doesn’t move when Dean reaches out and hesitantly grabs his shoulder.
food, just really, really processed food. Also, if that doesn’t count, then he doesn't want to admit that he isn't entirely sure when the last time was. They’d had peanuts and nachos at the bar, that counted as actual food, right?
“Thank you. You look rather… festive as well,” Cas says, staring down at the motley quilt-work style of Dean’s sweater.
Sam slows his pace a bit as the bunker comes back into sight, feeling better than he has in a few days. With a glance at his watch, he speeds up. Everyone else would be waking up soon.
Sam rolls his eyes, turning the file around and pushing it in his direction. “There isn’t much in here. Based on the date of the report and what Henry told us before, it looks like it was part of a bunch of things they’d acquired before… y’know.”
“I’ll take a crack at the books, see if I can’t find something on our new situation. Think you can keep the kids occupied?” Kevin asks Sam, watching him clear up the plates. At Sam’s sudden panicked look, he sighs.
"I did warn you," she says with a condescending smile. He'd flip her off if he could move his fingers. "I think I know exactly what to do with you."
Cas doesn’t say anything as he starts gathering up the dishes. Taken off-guard, it takes Sam a few seconds before he joins in, following Cas to the kitchen.
Cas looks down at the book in front of him, idly running his thumb over the edge of the pages. “Return to heaven I suppose. While there’s not much I can do, if Jack intends to use the remnants of Adam’s power to fix things up there, the least I can do is give him what support I can.”
Sam takes a few minutes to make his own coffee, taking the time to collect his thoughts, idly grateful for the fact that Cas isn’t accidentally prompting it out of him. By the time he takes a seat across from Cas, they’re a little more coherent.
Cas seems to catch onto Sam’s panicked expression before Dean does. He stops, looking uncertain as he glances back at an oblivious Dean, before turning back to face Sam. “We didn’t want to forget our clothes.”
So... not only were Dean and Cas physically toddlers, it looked like they had the mental capacity to match. Saying nothing of where they stood on their memories.
Sam frowns, unimpressed. He wants to push Dean and get some idea of what bug was up his ass about this situation, but he’s liable to have better luck getting the bunker to talk than his own brother.
Stone-Cold Fox frowns. Rick winces internally, because the guy’s definitely gonna ask for the manager now, and he’s gonna get screwed over for flirt-harassing a customer.
A smile twitches at the corner of Dean’s lips as he stares fondly at Cas, radiating a sort of quiet happiness. He looks happier than Castiel can recall him being in recent memory.
Unfortunately for him, there’s a slightly more pressing matter he needs to attend to first. He shoves his hands into his pockets for what little warmth the effort offers, and asks, “The kids?”
Sam snorts. “I wish. You think Dean would’ve taken a break from cursing up a storm after getting turned into a four-year-old if he knew it was something to be pissed about?”
Cas frowns at Dean first, then at Sam. Looking confused and a little troubled, he asks, “With your clothes on?”
“No, you’re not.” Dean cuts him off before he can try to object. “I know you’re not a hundred percent yet, I ain’t expecting it so soon after all that crap. But don’t pretend like you’ve forgotten how you could barely leave your damn room without exhausting yourself less than a week ago.”
“Well,” Sam starts, then falters, brows pinching together. He’d bet good money that Cas was liable to be more careful than Dean as a given,
“Well,” Cas says hesitantly, “I assume it was a flirtation but Dean was insistent on leaving before I could find out.”
He dumps the bags by the map table, figuring he’d put them away later, and heads down to the kitchen. The kids were already seated at the table, watching Kevin whip up a plate of sandwiches. Sam hesitates in the doorway, watching them.
The only thing he’s got going for him is that Cas and Dean seem to recognize and remember him to some extent, though they don’t seem to be remembering much else. He’s not quite sure how that works, but he knows better than to look a gift horse in the mouth, considering the alternative would be convincing two children that he’s there to help them and not kidnap or kill them.
It doesn’t take Sam’s long to get a pyre set up to salt-and-burn the body, the lack of snow Lebanon’s been having working to his advantage. Not that it isn’t cold, of course. Sam shivers as he moves closer to the fire, wishing that she’d either burn faster or hotter before he lost any sense of feeling in his hands.
“What would a better choice of words be?” He honestly sounds curious, which is the only explanation Rick has for the fact that he answers with, “Well, it’s blue enough to drown in.”
Crowley sighs a little, rolling his eyes. “I’ve followed your rules quite well so far. Trust that I’ll continue keeping to it for a little longer.”
“Gryffindor! This is great, Cas. Thanks.” Sam grins, rubbing his fingers over the soft yarn of his new scarf, proudly displaying his Gryffindor colors. He wraps it around his neck and looks at them expectantly. “How do I look?”
Sam huffs out a laugh, feeling himself relaxing as he does. He reaches for his ice-cream, nudging at Cas to remind him to eat his own.
Sam chuckles quietly to himself as he walks off. He’d better go and warn Kevin against going to the kitchen for the next few hours, just in case they don’t actually make it out of there.
Sam doesn’t have his hopes any higher than Kevin does, but he and Dean had survived on worse than this as a kid so he’s not counting off his luck yet. Besides which, he’s hoping he doesn’t have to end up desperate enough to get as creative as Dean had back then either.
Ignoring the loud, nervous drumbeat of his heart, he meets Cas’ eyes. “I said it before, didn’t I? We’ve got enough space for a dozen of you in here with room to spare. So… stick around after. If you want.”
Kevin surreptitiously hides his flask behind his back. It’s his only ticket of staying out of this weirdness in the foreseeable future.
Kevin pours himself a cup of coffee, carefully sidesteps the cereal littering the floor and takes a seat at the table. He closes his eyes, practically inhaling his first sip.
Sam gives him an unimpressed look before huffing a short breath through his nose. “Let’s say I believe you. What I’m getting from all this is that you can lie, but not to Cas.”
“I’ll get the rest,” Sam mutters to Cas’ back as he sets the plates down on the island while Cas starts in on washing up. He doesn’t respond.
He runs a hand through his hair, pushing back a few loose strands that were falling onto his face. “If you’re willing to stick around for a little longer, we can search these files, maybe we’ll find something.”
with neither of them sure of what got set off or how it works, it’d be stupid to disregard the possibility, no matter how slim.
“I was hoping you could maybe teach me some more dance moves, help me to do something with my ‘black hole of pop culture knowledge’.” Castiel says, air quotes and all.
Sam hunches over, head bowed and hair falling into his face. “Kev,” he says, voice small and plaintive, “what if they’re stuck like this?”
“Ignore the fact that I’m gonna sound like some childcare book saying this: no one’s perfect at parenting, Sam.” He tilts his head, trying to meet Sam’s eyes, if only briefly. “What matters is that you’re trying.”
them.” It’s said without heat, so Sam only feels a little guilty at the statement. “Did a few loads of laundry, cleared out expired food from the fridge.” With a half-glance at Cas, he adds, “Made that box mix you bought during the last supply run.”
He needs to be a special kind of drunk to be that loose-lipped, but here he is, middle of the freakin’ day, stone-cold sober, and telling his best friend he’s cute while they have lunch. In a setting that could be construed by some as a lunch date.
“You've got a little…” Dean starts to say, moving closer to brush the flour out of his hair. Cas squints at him, reaching up to brush at his hair and looking down at his hand in mild surprise.
He barely finishes mentally patting himself on the back for bouncing back from the grouchy rebuff when the guy suddenly slams the cash down on the counter. Rick flinches back, barely biting back a shocked yelp.
Kevin grunts, setting his own bags down and starts sifting through them, pulling things out and setting them on the counter. “Most people just say ‘thank you’.”
“It seems that our clothes didn’t change with us when we reverted back to our normal selves,” Cas says, his voice back to its normal gravel-deep baritone levels. He looks at the tatters of clothing at his feet. “Erroneous thinking, considering how our old clothes were unaffected by the spell previously.”
“I’d make the same choice again if I had to.” His brows furrow slightly. “The only thing I would change is all the trouble I ended up bringing to you as a result.”
He manages to grab a few other essentials while the kids are distracted, feeling more than a little relieved when he’s finally able to point their cart in the direction of the checkout counter. They’re halfway past the toy aisle with Dean babbling happily at Sam about his new, fortunately not too pricey Batman sneakers when he realizes he can’t feel Cas gripping onto his pant leg anymore. A glance behind finds Cas parked in front of a shelf of stuffed toys, staring in fascination.
Cas nods. “If they caught me before the spell was complete, yes. I’d planned to stay behind on Earth, if I could.”
He doesn't think he can outright ask Dean on a date but another solution comes to mind. Before he can chicken out, he quickly scrawls a message on the side of the to-go cup. Gabriel surreptitiously gives him an encouraging wink and thumbs up before heading back into the kitchen.
Shifting awkwardly against the urge to make a break for it, Dean indicates the pool table. “We done here?”
Sam snorts a surprised laugh. That explains the marked lack of scars they've had over the past few years. “Thanks, Cas.”
Cas stares at him for a moment, looks down at the table, then back at Sam. When he speaks, it’s slow and uncertain, like he’s not sure he’s got the right response. “You’re… welcome?”
No, better to deflect instead of risking being compelled to divulge more than he’d like. Let the Winchesters continue to deal with it.
“Everything ok, sir?” he asks as politely as he can manage. He’s nosy and aware of it, but he’s capable of being politely nosy when he’s at work, thank you.
“Thank you,” Cas adds belatedly as he notices the plate in front of him and digs right in. “This is good.”
Dean turns around with a curse, banging his elbow on the counter in the process. He swears, cradling his elbow. “Doesn’t anyone around here know how to enter a fucking room politely?”
“You wanna get that one?” Sam asks him patiently, biting back a smile. Dean as a kid could be kinda adorable as it turned out.
Having conceded to being too poorly coordinated while ‘buzzed’ - “I’m not drunk,” Cas had insisted huffily - to have any hope of winning a round of pool, Cas somehow manages to convince Sam into a round of darts instead. Dean’s pretty sure that’s gonna end in disaster so he tries his best not to pay too much attention to them.
He heads for the kitchen, slowing slightly as he passes by Cas’ room, door firmly shut, thin slats of light escaping the vent near its base confirming the presence of its occupant.
After tucking Dean in and making sure he drank some water, Sam heads to the kitchen to see if he can make some soup for Dean to drink. He just hopes he remembers how to make it correctly.
Sam sighs. “Dean’s not here because he realized he’s allergic to anything that has to do with organization and paperwork.”
He’s never had a need to consider the prospect before, but now that Dean has set it before him… He ponders aloud. “Heaven’s not made for angelic retirement, so I’m not sure where I would go. I suppose I could travel again-”
They were running out of places to look, but Dean just had to be somewhere in the bunker that they hadn't checked yet. Unless-
“And if it doesn’t work?” With an expression like he doesn’t expect Sam to agree, he adds, “You gonna keep Cas busy?”
“So how do we do this?” Cas asks, taking a bite of his burger. “We don’t have definitive proof it’s her.”
It’s harder when he can’t ignore the fact that a lot less people would end up screwed over if humans weren’t able to get their hands on shit they shouldn’t be meddling with in the first place. He’d honestly be pretty fucking ecstatic if witches were a thing of myth rather than something he has to deal with.
He leans back with a sigh. “Yeah, I’ve got no clue what in the world I’m reading. Some of the Latin makes sense, but it’s useless if we haven’t got the entire text.” He rubs his forehead. “It’s obvious whoever was translating this gave up on it halfway. Maybe if we had the original text we could decode it, but it’s risky trying it out like this even if we could make sense of it.”
“Well, as fun as this has been,” she says dryly, “I have better things to do than have semi-witty diatribe with you, whatever you are. I’m assuming you know where the door is, considering you broke into my house.”
“You remember,” Dean says softly, both question and statement, voice barely loud enough for him to hear. Cas purses his lips, before giving him a slow, stiff nod.
They both stare at each other for a few moments before Kevin remembers to respond. “It’s nothing. Just… thinking.” He trails off awkwardly. Cas stares at him a moment longer before accepting it with a nod.
to be a pretty standard hunt. Find the witch and make some half-assed effort to convince her to stop (Sam would want to try and Dean’s never been that good at saying no to his bleeding heart brother). Failing that, gank her. End of story.
He’s not entirely sure how he ruined the second one, but the filling had congealed into an inedible thick paste while baking in the oven. It would serve a better life as glue or cement than as a dessert at this point.
He blinks in surprise when he recognizes the giant black car from the previous day idling near the air pumps at the far corner of the gas station. ‘
There’s an uncomfortable silence in the car as they back out of the diner’s parking and onto the main road. Dean blindly turns the radio on to the first half-decent sounding station he can find, eyes intently focused on the road.
“Of course not,” Cas says, moving the worm up to prop it on his upper lip. “I’m gonna wear it as a wormstache.”
It’s also a science. One that he has only just begun to grasp. It fascinates him how different food tastes when it’s made with love and care. It tastes better somehow, richer.
Unlike Dean, Sam didn’t have any lingering hangups with Cas or find any need to hide how happy he was that Cas was there with them. They’d taken to watching documentaries together in Sam’s room during his enforced bed rest, Sam peppering Cas with questions whenever he pointed out an inaccuracy or went off on some tangent. Once Dean could trust him to be mobile on his own and not fall under his own weight, that shifted into nerdy discussions in the library that went completely over Dean’s head.
“Prior experience shows that I am more likely to end up alone if I were to accompany you, Balthazar.” Castiel frowns at him, unamused.
“Such as a potion?” It’s an unlikely avenue for the Winchesters to utilize for personal reasons, bleeding away Crowley’s interest in the conversation completely. He runs a thumb idly across the pages of the book, wondering how long it would take him to finish it. “That’s rather… novel. ‘Out of fashion’ might be a better word for it.”
He’s a little relieved when Cas decides to answer for himself when picking out ice-cream but doesn’t push when he goes quiet again as they make their way out of the ice-cream parlor to sit at one of the tables outside.
Gabriel’s aid in this endeavor would likely have made the process easier. But no, this was something Cas wanted to be entirely of his own making. His only concession was to wheedle Gabriel’s pie recipe out of him to mitigate his chances of screw-ups or sub-par results.
“What do you care?” Kevin barks, voice sounding distant enough like he’s yelling at Dean from across the room.
“It’s a friggin’ box mix,” Dean says defensively. Sam takes another sip of his coffee, glancing at the countertop pointedly over the rim of his cup. Sure that was the only thing he’d managed to make while Sam was busy deep-diving into the records, but it clearly wasn’t the
Still, Stone-Cold Fox dude could definitely do better than Grumpy Male Model dude and not just because their combined hotness just didn’t seem fair to the world; he deserved someone nicer if varying levels of ‘grumpy to downright unfriendly’ were the other guy’s only settings.
Sam takes a sip of his coffee, side-eyeing Dean. “I’ll let you know how much I enjoy it once you’re done playing hide and seek with Cas.”
Cas looks at Sam thoughtfully, like he’s trying to suss out any ulterior motives. “What about Dean?”
The rest of dinner ends up similarly amusing, if mostly uneventful for Sam, in that Dean tries his best to avoid conversation with Cas while trying to make sure he doesn’t catch on to anything being off. It’s pretty unsuccessful in Sam’s opinion, but hey, whatever makes him feel better.
“Huh,” Kevin says, walking up to him to get a better look at the kids. “So they’re like, what, adults in kids' bodies?”
Not waiting for Sam to reply, Kevin directs him to get the eggs and bread while he searches the cabinets for pans and a spatula.
“Right behind you, Sam,” Kevin says, hightailing it out of the room behind them. They don’t get very far before they burst into laughter.
They pull up some grass and flowers to put on their mud pies. Cas tries to make the grass stand up on his mud pie, which looks kinda silly, but Dean’s more interested in making his mud pie the best and puts lots more flowers on it than Cas has on his mud pie. Once they’re done he’s sure
Inevitably, his thoughts manage to make their way back to Cas. Cas sitting beside Sam listening to him speaking animatedly; curled over his mug of coffee sleepily at the kitchen table; a sleep-rumpled Cas in his pajamas brushing past Dean in the hallway. There's so many little moments they have now that they'd never gotten a chance to have before.
The rain doesn’t let up even when he reaches the bunker, and he ends up soaked through even more than before trying to run the short distance to the bunker’s entrance.
Sam climbs down the stairs slowly, arms weighed down with groceries and a few bags of takeout. As he reaches the landing, he catches sight of Kevin sitting alone at one of the library tables, surrounded by a small stack of books. The kids are nowhere in sight. Not that it worries Sam, exactly. He’s just slightly suspicious when someone hasn’t got an eye on them after he’d found Dean trying to sneak into one of the storerooms the other day.
Cas stares at him for a long moment, lips pursed, before looking back down at his mug with a quiet, thoughtful hum.
Cas sleeps in and misses breakfast, which is a surprise to no one at all. Sam volunteers to wash up the breakfast dishes and shoos Dean away to get started on work. Dean would
“I’m making space in the library for some books I found that can be moved up from storage. We should be done in a couple days if we keep at the current pace,” Sam says, filling up his plate from the pot on the stove and grabbing some cutlery before taking a seat at the table. He gives a nod of thanks when Dean sets down two bottles of beer and takes a seat across from him.
Sam sighs quietly to himself as he heads back to the war room. Cas has clearly clued into Dean’s weird behavior, though what he makes of it is anyone's guess.
“Oh, that reminds me,” Sam says, waiting for Dean to glance his way before he continues, “Crowley wanted me to ‘pass along his compliments to the chef’. Guess you’re starting to get a fanbase for your cooking.”
“Good. Let’s go.” The kids scramble out of the car. Sam closes the car door once they’re out, picks Dean up and props him on his hip, then takes a hold of Cas’ hand and walks into the store.
Dean turns to glare at him, only to find Cas already watching him, trademark stare firmly in place. His blush turns deeper, spreading down to his chest.
There’s a muscle ticking in Cas’ jaw, glare fixed on the floor hard enough to burn a hole through the cement if he’d still been juiced up on angel mojo. It’s much more of a reaction than Dean was expecting for his throwaway comment.
“I don’t know how you go about getting your jollies, Cas, but I don’t make a habit of prancing around in my birthday suit in front of a teenage prophet, my sort of sister, and my
There were some days that Dean would wonder, just in passing, if maybe there was a universe out there where witches weren't a real thing and lament over the fact that he wasn’t born there. Other days, where his mood’s pitched black by a bad hunt, he’d wish for a universe where a lot of the shit they’d had to deal with didn't exist. The thought would linger at the back of his mind for a while, like a stubborn ghost; if he was really honest with himself, it was pretty low on his list of things he'd wish for – hunting's pretty much all he's good at and he's not really sure what he'd do with himself if he didn't have to hunt anymore. Not that any of it mattered, since he's got no plans of ever admitting it to anyone. It helped to remember that his dad’s reaction to any of it would be to tell him that there wasn’t any point in wishing for shit that ain't ever gonna happen and that he’d better get his goddamn head out of the clouds and back on the mission.
A little more reinvigorated by their afternoon walk, Sam settles down at his makeshift workstation figuring he’ll take one final crack shot at researching a solution for their feathery problem.
“I want more with you,” Dean blurts out. “More than this stupid, awkward roommate shit we’ve been doing. Like an actual fucking relationship. Like you deciding you wanna stick with my sorry ass for however long we’ve got.”
It takes a few moments, but then the door opens a crack, enough for Kevin to eye Dean narrowly. The light from the hall plays along his tired, mistrustful expression. “What about Crowley?”
“Squirrel?” he says cajolingly, assuming the elder of the two to be more inclined to divulge tidbits at the very least.
Shoving the thought aside, he lifts his own hands up from where they’d been useless gripping Cas’ shoulders to grip at the back of his head and neck. The small part of Dean’s brain that’s still online manages to acknowledge that Cas’ hair is just as soft as he’d imagined.
Sam groans. “No, that’s not- I forgot about the witch. I couldn’t dump her body yesterday because of...” He gestures at the kids.
“Garth!” Sam exclaims. “Man, I've been trying to call you for weeks. I thought you were dead. What happened?”
Cas nods in understanding, frowning slightly. “I can help you look for the relevant files. Dean should be able to manage sorting on his own, for now.” He blinks as something occurs to him. “I haven’t seen him today.”
He props his head on his hand, watching the brothers thoughtfully. “The thrall of a cursed object is harder to break than a spell. Destroying it
“Unfortunate,” Crowley says dryly. He raises a hand out expectantly. “Now, if you please, I’d like to have my dinner, which is already rather late might I add, instead of waiting for your befuddlement to abate.”
Dean starts wandering around the room, curiously poking and prodding at things. He accidentally nudges over a photo frame and it falls onto the floor with a quiet crash. Dean looks up guiltily. “Sowwy.”
know most of the living languages still in use today, as well as a fair number of dead ones.” Something seems to occur to Cas and his expression grows more solemn as he stares down at the book. “I’m unsure how long that will last. Human brains don’t possess the capacity for this much knowledge.”
Cas’ irritable expression vanishes, morphing instead into bewildered confusion. Dean’s got no clue what’s got him looking so surprised.
Setting down his cereal box, Sam turns to Dean with a frown. “Dean, it’s barely past seven-thirty in the morning. Hangovers aren’t new to you, or an actual problem.”
Cas takes it from him, giving him a big gummy smile. It makes Dean feel all warm and squirmy inside. It’s kinda weird but he decides he likes the feeling. “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean fudges over whether or not to leave him be, then decides he’ll park himself a little further away. He winces as the chair screeches against the floor as he pulls it out even though he’d been trying to be quiet.
Cas doesn’t respond. His brows furrow as his gaze drops down to his feet, his bloodied hand clenches into a fist.
for longer than Castiel has worked there, one with a relatively predictable routine. He drops by at least three times a week – depending on whether or not he’s late for work and sometimes for lunch if he forgot his at home – but almost definitely on Saturdays, always just a little past noon for lunch after his half-day shift at the garage.
Sam glares down at him, ready to snarl some angry retort but Kevin raises a hand to cut him off. “Being cooped up in here is getting to all of us. But he’s just a kid, Sam.”
Wiping his hands dry, he grabs a beer from the fridge and heads for the library, figuring he’ll try and find something worth reading to kill some time.
“Clothes, right. We’ll go get them. Right now. C’mon guys,” Sam chokes out, trying to hold in his laughter. He grabs onto the sleeve of Charlie’s hoodie to drag her along, the both of them practically tripping over their own feet in their haste to leave the room.
Not long after that, they’re back on the road again to their second destination for the day – a petting zoo in Lincoln. It’s an almost two-hour drive out from the museum, but it’s worth it when they let the kids loose to go play with the animals.
“Your turn, Cas,” Sam prompts. Cas makes a face as he drinks, but stubbornly powers through until he’d drank it all.
“Come now, Moose. I’ve been rather forthcoming to your brusqueness. You’ve piqued my curiosity; a little quid pro quo is fair.”
be one way to find the object causing all this,” he says purposefully slowly, watching the boys stand to attention like alert little bloodhounds. The thought gives him a fleeting pang of nostalgia for Growley, but there was no use in indulging in the feeling.
The few times they’d managed to find themselves across from each other in the library usually ended up with them stuck in a semi-awkward silence limbo that Dean’s got no clue how to break. The ghost of their last argument still seemed to hang between them; back when he’d been faced with the possibility of Cas leaving them for good, he’d decided it wasn’t worth staying mad over. He’s just… never gotten around to saying as much to Cas.
Rick’s been working at the Gas & Sip near the edge of town for about five months. Long enough to give him a decent idea of all the different kinds of people that could wander into the place, and how to deal with them. Most of them were locals from town, some were people driving through. And then there’s the guy that walks in in the middle of his completely dead afternoon shift.
Charlie latches onto Cas, dragging him away to sit next to her so that she can grill him. He shoots Dean an amused look as he allows himself to be manhandled and interrogated.
Dean shrugs, not that Kevin can see it. “That’s what the false IDs are for. C’mon, get a little fresh air, see some other human faces besides your own reflection. You might even have fun.”
Sam snorts, giving a half-shrug-nod. Dean pauses, a forkful of spaghetti halfway to his mouth when something occurs to him. “You seen Cas?”
There’s no new messages since the last ones he’d sent yesterday, and after that awkward little fiasco at lunch that sent Dean running, it’s a fair bet he’d be occupied with cooking up something or the other in the kitchen once he was sure it was safe to go back there. He takes another moment to appreciate his find before sending it to Dean.
“How’re you settling in? Y’know, to being human and all.” Sam says. He blinks in surprise before biting back a grimace. Apparently the parameters for the spell’s compulsion to kick in were broader than he’d expected.
He gets out of the Impala, opens the back door, and squats down to be at eye level with the kids. "We're gonna go in and get some supplies, so I'm gonna need you two to behave, okay? No asking for everything in sight."
Whatever thought Dean's reached at with Sam's statement has him making a face like someone had forced him to suck on a lemon.
His head shoots up reflexively even as he reaches for the gun strapped to the underside of the table, immediately on edge, only to stop short when he realizes it’s Billie.
Kevin’s busy ignoring them, drinking his coffee with his eyes shut. Cas is seated a few chairs away, curled up and facing the Christmas tree, blinking sleepily.
“You asked me if we were friends before and I never answered that. Far as I’m concerned?” Sam gives a small shrug. “You’re family, Cas. You’re stuck with us.”
“Hey,” he calls out gently, not wanting to freak Cas out. Cas jolts anyway, fumbling the book in his hand before it slips out of his grasp and lands a few feet away with a dull
If God was out there somewhere in the universe, He was probably laughing His ass off at Dean right about now.
“Wait,” Dean calls out. Sam pauses halfway up the kitchen steps, not turning around. “What about Crowley?”
“Well, I’ve got lunch ready so I’m gonna go call them back in,” Sam says, heading for the main door. Kevin grunts again, no longer listening.
“Can I-” Cas says, eyes flicking down to Dean’s lips. Dean licks them instinctively, feeling a thrill shoot down his spine as he sees Cas’ pupils blow up, eyes going dark.
Kevin huffs an irritated breath through his nose. Their 'friendship' has mostly been one of necessity, so he's not sure what he expected. He decides to change tracks.
Sam rolls his eyes. “You make me sound like some kind of life coach. Besides, late-night snacking is a pretty human thing at any stage of life; don’t pretend like you don’t do it.”
“No!” Dean says, immediately getting flustered by his own vehemence. He glances away, shoulders bunching up to his ears. In an attempt to deflect, he says, “Pretty sure being human wasn’t part of the plan.”
“That’s not humanly possible,” the guy says slowly, frown still in place. It takes Rick a few moments to un-brace for trouble and read the confused frown for what it is. He relaxes, breathing out a small sigh of relief.
Dean rubs a hand over his face angrily. “What I wouldn’t give to stab an angel blade right in her face. That’s beyond fucking twisted. Shit, Cas.”
“I’ll get the rest of this stuff put away,” Sam says, reaching past Kevin for more groceries, “can you go get the kids up so we can eat before the food gets cold?”
“We stopped at a diner a couple of hours ago,” Sam replies, a little defensively. “But, I guess we could eat again.”
“I know, Dean,” Cas says tiredly. He doesn’t look up. “You don’t have to say anything. We can move on as if it never happened.”
“I don’t really have anyone to compare it to.” He tilts his head. “Other than Crowley I suppose, but it’s not exactly a fair comparison.”
