“Thanks, Ellen.”
Dean wriggled and pulled, ignoring the pain, until he scraped a hand free. He undid the rope on his other hand, his gag, then went to free Cas.
“What?” Dean asked.
Dean took a second to collect himself before he could answer that. The little soaps and shampoos and excessive number of towels clued him into the fact that he crashed in a hotel, presumably the one where the wedding reception took place downstairs the night before. Okay. Dean could figure this out.
“Everyone who isn’t here got arrested,” Dean explained to Benny. There wasn’t any use in avoiding the topic. Clearly, the guys knew what had been going on and why.
“You’re on,” Cas agreed.
“Cheer up,” Meg advised. “No more work for the rest of the year.”
“He’s not…doesn’t matter. We need a room,” Dean said, keeping his anger in check.
Cas rutted with more determination and Dean felt the heat pool in his stomach, his whole-body tingling with how good it was. Dean didn’t want Cas to stop, he wanted to come and feel Cas come with him. He was so close, right there, only needed a few more erratic thrusts from Cas to send him cascading over the edge.
“Why should I?” he asked, crossing his arms.
They didn’t drive far from the race before stopping at what looked like a crappy elementary school with a playground in even worse condition. The whole place looked run down and slightly creepy.
“Yeah, you use me for sex but the second I want something more real, you run. You’re scared.”
Over Christmas, Cas went home to Chicago since his parents insisted he could grace them with his presence if they paid his tuition. Dean went home as well and didn’t mention meeting Cas’s family. They texted everyday over the break, even if only sending emojis back and forth. Since Dean had shown them to Cas, the guy couldn’t get enough of them.
The three guys walked outside and Benny pointed out where Dean’s car was. He made sure Cas could handle the situation and said goodbye, walking away down the street.
"You don't want me to take my time?" Dean teased, looking up at Cas from between his legs.
“Cocksuckers,” another one fired.
Cas sped up his hand and thrust his hips too, both providing the friction Dean wanted all night.
“You still wear the necklace I got you? Uncle Bobby said it will protect you,” the younger Winchester said.
“Chuck Shurley,” the lawyer said, stepping in the room. “And you two are supposed to leave now.”
“Well, you were kind of rude,” Cas argued. Dean opened his mouth and then closed it, realizing he was right.
“Yeah,” Dean answered, “Who are you?”
“Well, now you know,” Cas joked. “You need to have faith.”
“Technically, he was just snitching on us all if that makes you feel better,” Dean muttered, crossing his arms over his chest. Reopening that wound hurt and he wished they hadn’t.
“Makes me want to have one of my own,” Gabriel said with an eyebrow wiggle.
Sam was in his room but surely eavesdropping. Dean was on the couch in the living room sharing a beer with his dad.
“Oh, I doubt it,” Dean said. “I’m almost never wrong.”
“I’m better at fucking you?”
“What…” Cas whined.
, Dean thought. The nicer side of his brain chimed in with, “
“Me too,” Cas said with a sly smirk. “You’re not so bad yourself.”
Choosing a seat in the front row, Dean sat a notebook down on the desk and straightened it out before digging around in his backpack for a pen. He found one and twirled it in his hand, thinking about his father. They had a vicious fight before he left for school and Dean regretted most of what he had said.
“We had an argument,” Benny said glumly.
“He… uh, he’s…” Cas said, also struggling with what to call what their relationship had dissolved into. He was also kind of hung up on the fact that his brother was in a gang. It would explain why Lucifer said Cas should be in the other gang.
“Where was Castiel?” Crowley pried.
“What do you want?” the one who saw him in the hallway of the house said.
That smile faded when another cop car blocked them from going the other way down the alley. They turned around again but the cops from the first car had caught up to them on foot.
“Hello?”
The lunch group still continued to eat together every day. Clearly, Gabriel was still a little reluctant but Castiel seemed to really like hanging out with them now. The group had almost become friends. Unlikely ones for sure but friends nonetheless. Dean wasn’t sure how long they could keep playing nice until he or Castiel snapped. They had gone too long fighting to just forget about it completely.
Dean didn’t have a good answer, but he knew he did care. He had since he helped him after the party even if he lied to himself about it.
“Oh, crap. Sam, I lost something,” Dean said as Sam pulled onto the street.
As they got out, a few hands were thrown up in greeting but most of the guys didn’t change what they were doing. Most had cigarettes and sat on hoods of cars or leaned against them.
“It was great but…” Cas sighed then looked at the ground.
“Nope,” Cas said, eating the amazing warm bread that kept coming as they waited for their entrees.
“All right,” John conceded.
He paused at the door and glanced back a moment at Dean’s little corner of the world between his desk and dresser.
“I met Henriksen, the night of Crowley’s party.”
“I think we need to go now,” Cas said, pointing to the cop car that was driving up.
“Then how about dinner tonight?” Dean suggested.
“Maybe,” Dean dismissed.
“You know, you’re going to be stuck with me forever right?” Dean joked.
Dean spoke out of a post-orgasm haze and didn’t realize he took their fantasy and turned it back into their earlier fight until Cas jumped out of bed.
“Damn it, why can’t they leave us alone?” Dean said when they were safe in their room.
“I saw you leaving the police station.”
“Get to work, Winchester,” Henriksen said when he walked past their door. Dean slowly moved to his desk but only did half of every assignment. He couldn’t be bothered to focus long enough on one thing.
I was going to leave this alone but then I was bored at work and here's a bonus chapter!
“See ya Sam.”
“You left them out here,” someone called from the hallway.
Cas stopped moving his hips and wandering hands, breathing hard.
Dean was about to suggest something like that to the woman when he finally felt someone clear his throat next to them.
“There’s Sam,” Dean said, crushing the rest of his cigarette under his boot, “come on.”
“No,” Dean said, feeling his cheeks heat up. “Why do you?”
“Dean,” Cas said, voice raspy and low.
Stop, Castiel scolded himself. You told him nothing more could happen. You aren’t being fair.
“Let me know if you need anything,” Dean said. They said good bye and hung up.
“Yeah. You get to hang with Cas and I want to hang out with Jess,” Sam protested.
“Why?” Dean said, regretting it as soon as he saw Cas’s face fall.
Dean raised his eyebrows.
“I mean sex,” Cas interrupted.
“I don’t know this one,” Dean admitted.
“So why would a platoon leader want to get mixed up with regular old me?”
It was worth it. That was quite possibly the best sex Dean had ever had. Dean pulled Cas against his chest. They were in a blissed out, post-orgasm haze and close to falling asleep.
“Dean, you were acting like Dad and I freaked, okay?”
“Then can we go?”
Dean sat upright on the couch too fast and nearly puked.
Benny had never really gotten friendly with Castiel before but now he didn’t have a lot of choice. Cas was a consistent presence with Dean. Not that Benny minded but it was certainly a change. Charlie always shot “I told you so” looks at Benny while Dean and Cas weren’t paying attention because one was looking at the other.
He eased Dean back and got on top of him again. Like their other times together, he moved his hips down to press again Dean’s, getting a moan that he swallowed into a kiss. As they kissed, getting sloppier and wetter as they went, Cas kept a steady movement of his hips grinding and circling, feeling himself get hard against Dean’s own erection.
Immediately, he regretted talking with his mouth full and being gross but Cas’s small smile made it seem like he didn’t mind.
, Dean thought.
“Cas would never…” Dean started to defend Cas but was interrupted by Crowley.
“I know it will be with Sam. I just don’t know about my dad,” Dean said, looking down the road.
Dean managed to hold his tongue and not cause a scene for the rest of the night. When the party started to wind down, he found Cas right outside the ballroom. A few guests wandered around, but no one looked at them twice.
"You got me so I don't know what I'm doing. Yeah, you really got me now, you got me so I can't sleep at night." You Really Got Me, Van Halen
“Fuck yeah,” Dean grinned, grabbing the back of Cas’s neck to pull him down for a kiss.
“We’re fine, Sammy. Could you just grab the first aid kit?” Dean asked. “And whiskey.”
“You think maybe it was hard for me too?” Cas said, voice a little raised.
Dean’s voice trailed off as he watched Cas stride towards him.
He shifted his angle to really pound Dean’s prostate who shouted Cas’s name and agreed he absolutely could, needed to show Cas how he felt by coming for him. Words might fail him but this he could do.
Cas eased his finger in further and worked it in and out before deciding to add a second lubed up finger. He patiently worked Dean open, adding a third finger and making Dean a whining, begging mess. Dean’s neglected cock leaked pre-come under him and he had been so close to coming for so long, he needed release.
“We’ll have to watch them then.”
“So are you guys going to be all gross and couple-y now?” Benny taunted.
“Where’ve you been?” Sam asked, trying to get a rise out of Dean.
“You’re gay?” he asked.
“Let’s get everyone to the garage,” Dean suggested. Benny nodded.
Once they were behind Cas’s closed bedroom door, Dean crossed his arms and shifted from one foot to the other.
The T.V. began to smoke and a book flew off a table.
Sam started laughing hysterically and Dean stood up abruptly.
He pressed call.
“My brother never stops talking about you,” Sam pointed out. “You must be pretty great.”
Dean’s laugh died as Cas used his other hand to massage his balls.
“Cas, get out of here,” Dean said.
They laughed together before Castiel explained he had more work to do and they said goodbye. Dean walked back into his little room.
“To take off the last bit between us?” Cas said, small smile taunting Dean just a little. “You first.”
“Of course not! I mean, I’m gonna miss you like hell but I’m not mad. I’m glad you’re going with Dean, he’s the best thing that ever happened to you even with all the shit you put each other through.”
“See, here’s the thing,” Dean said, looking right at Castiel. Castiel almost looked away because his gaze was so intense, close to threatening, but he stared right back. “We don’t know you. Or anything about you.”
“Awesome, I’m in in it too. I already read the book, couldn’t put the thing down,” Dean stopped, feeling a little wary about his excitement. He expected Castiel to judge him for getting into it.
“If you ask nicely,” Castiel replied, a coy smirk playing at his lips.
“Man, I’m glad Charlie was right,” Dean said. “It took us long enough.”
“Told you,” Dean smirked. Castiel threw the card back at him. Dean laughed at Castiel’s huffiness.
Dean smiled, relief flowing through him. He saw that love in Cas’s eyes and didn’t doubt him.
“Do you really think my eyes are pretty?” Dean teased when they broke apart.
The two of them had that class together and a biology class as well. Both of them were trying to get their general education requirements out of the way early. Dean felt fortunate they had classes together at all due to the massive size of the University of Kansas. Dean didn’t know how he would have handled the big lecture halls full of freshmen without Cas. He was really glad he knew someone.
“Yes,” Cas said, shifting a little on the seat. He felt Dean move about an inch closer.
“I just don’t understand this show,” Gabriel complained. “What’s going on?”
“Shit,” Dean cursed, his phone finally on and looking at the call history.
He tried to read, he really did, but every time he looked up at Castiel, the guy glanced up from his homework with an almost smile. Sam kept telling him to focus.
Dean hated that he couldn’t be there to help Sam deal with their father. It shouldn’t have been either of their problems but without them, John would have died from any number of alcohol related accidents over the years. As much as he sucked as a guardian, he still was one and beat foster care by a slim margin. If Dean still had breath in his body, his sweet little brother would never end up there.
Dean decided to take a shower and stepped right in since he lacked clothing. As he shampooed his hair with the hotel’s brand, another wave of nausea hit him but he held it together. He closed his eyes and let the water relax him. He kept relaxing until he recalled something.
He sat up straighter on his bed and met Dean’s eyes with fierce determination.
“Don’t worry about me, I don’t see Dean like that,” Cas assured her.
Dean nodded and didn’t know what else to say.
“This is bullshit,” Dean spat.
Dean didn’t know what made the strict and uptight Castiel Novak say yes, but he did.
Dean chewed some more pie, trying to be pleased for Cas while not being disappointed that the distance would suck.
“Don’t I know it,” Dean grinned. “How’s your brother?”
They refilled their whiskey again and the bottle was over halfway gone.
“Anything.”
The kept kissing, backing away from the door to the bed, pausing only to take off their shirts. Kissing resumed and they ran their hands over the other one’s bare chest, remembering the muscles and skin. Dean let out a sharp breath when Cas’s hand rubbed a nipple which made Cas break the kiss and smile mischievously. His other hand ran up Dean’s abdomen and chest to lightly squeeze the other nipple.
How much did he want to tell Castiel? He still hadn’t even told Charlie, Benny or Garth why he was here. Not completely. Briefly, Dean worried about Cas judging him or not wanting to hang out with him anymore. But as he sat with Castiel now, he knew he trusted him.
“Let Dean know we stopped by, will you?”
Dean spent the following week in the CCDOC trying to keep his head down. The odds were always against him in a fight and he was their favorite punching bag. Besides members of his own gang turning against him, Michael’s guys were in with them, too. The battle continued to rage between the two groups even in jail. Dean tried to stay out of trouble but it didn’t work. He never wanted to join a gang and this was why. It was petty and stupid and they were all in jail, equal levels of completely fucked.
“Yeah,” Cas said, “since you kissed me the first time and I’m glad you’re discovering yourself and your long-repressed love of dick but it’s not my problem.”
“Sorry, kid,” the guard sympathized.
That threw Dean for a loop.
“What’s your point?” Dean said with a sigh.
“Almost there, Winchester,” Cas said, looking smug. “Try groveling.”
His mouth went dry and he had to stop himself from downing a glass of champagne. He needed to think of anything but Castiel before his attraction became obvious. As he was about to look away, Castiel surveyed the room and caught his eye before returning his gaze to his dance partner. She was the same girl as before, Masters or whatever.
“I had to talk to my dad’s lawyer.”
“Of all days…” Dean cursed. They had never had a surprise inspection before.
Her and Bobby looked worried, but Dean told them it was going to be fine. They wrapped him in a hug.
“I thought I bored you,” Castiel said. “I’ve gotten that before.”
“Texting Cas?” Sam asked, looking bemused.
“Cas!” Dean said, trying to wake him up as he immediately ran over to him. Cas kept freaking out in his sleep.
“Ten…nine…eight…” everyone in the bar started counting down.
“We just have to let him do what he wants. What are we supposed to do?” Cas sighed.
Not given much a choice, Dean was reluctantly pulled by Cas who had a death grip around his arm.
“You’re much easier to deal with when you’re not speaking.” Castiel glared.
“I guess it was always sort of obvious now that you say it,” John admitted. “Harrison Ford? You were obsessed.”
The apartment smelled wonderful which meant Gabe was cooking.
“Anywhere we want, Dean.”
talk to Ruby only made him want to talk her more. He regularly looked for her after school and he wasn’t sure why. Jess was still very much a part of his life and he would walk her to her mom’s car then look around for Ruby. He couldn’t explain it but she was oddly magnetic.
“I… was meeting someone,” Dean admitted. “I lost track of time and only realized my lunch was over after I saw that house being robbed.”
“Honey, I’m home,” he called as he let himself in.
“Hello Dean,” Cas answered.
“All right, Sammy,” Dean said, following his brother inside. He tossed his bag down and started a heated game of Mario Kart with Sam while telling him his plan to come out.
“Wanna grab me one?” Sam asked hopefully.
“Keep it down, inmate,” the guard snapped.
They had relaxed for about a minute before a cop car pulled up and stopped right in front of them.
Two people had clearly slept in the bed, a luxurious king. The condom wrapper and used condom in the garbage under the mahogany desk let Dean know he did in fact sleep with Shaylene. At least he used protection despite his hammered state.
Before he got in, he whistled to call his guys, and Meg and Ruby, over. He let them know he was racing Uriel and got a loud cheer in response.
“Probably just here. I’ll sneak over after lights out,” Charlie said.
“What?” Cas asked, momentarily catching his breath.
“What?” Dean snapped. Cas really had a lot of nerve…
“I’m sorry but we both have work. Up.”
After pressing Cas against the closed front door and kissing him, hard, Dean stopped and smiled teasingly at Cas.
“You’re not too bad yourself, Cas,” Dean said before kissing Cas.
“Just hot babysitters,” Dean replied, finally pushing Cas’s shirt off. The guy was fit and tan and Dean definitely liked what he saw. He even had a cute little freckle next to a nipple.
“I mean it,” Cas said. “Everything will be okay.”
The doctor just gave him a sympathetic look and left the room.
“Payphones? You don’t have a cell?” Benny asked, smiling a little.
“Why’d you follow me out here?”
One blue eye opened.
,” Cas admitted, “but holy shit.”
“Did I scare you?” Cas asked with a smug grin.
“What else?” Cas asked.
“I’m worried about Sam.”
“I love you too, Cas.”
“No, it’s fine,” Dean cut him off. “I have to make sure he cools down and doesn’t hurt Sam.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas replied with a smile.
He found himself on a part of campus he hadn’t been on before. There was a tiny garden tucked behind the science building that he had never seen before since he had always walked from the other direction.
“That’s fine by me,” Cas said, standing up. He threw some money on the table and marched out of the diner.
Cas smiled.
Cas couldn’t argue with that. They rode the rest of the way in silence.
“Sorry about him,” Garth apologized. “I’m sure he…”
Well, Dean couldn’t argue with that.
It was a sweet kiss but Cas broke it to get a towel from the first floor guest bathroom. They got cleaned up as best they could and got dressed. They sat on the couch and Dean wasn’t sure what to say.
“My brother avoided the family business,” Dean tried, switching the focus off of Cas’s family.
They all accepted it and moved on with the conversation to something else. Dean didn’t engage as much in the conversation, though. He thought about if he was a bad influence on Cas. Well, if getting Cas to have some fun was corrupting him then so be it. Cas caught Dean staring and smiled a little and Dean smiled back before looking back at his food.
When Cas came into that class, his eyebrows were knit together like he was thinking very hard about something. He was so distracted that he didn’t know an answer when Miss Moseley called on him.
“Can I help you?” the guy sneered.
“Yeah,” Cas agreed.
“I…uh,” Cas said, “don’t mind what we watch.”
“And I’m sorry for bothering you now,” Dean said.
“So, what are you going to do?”
Dean looked up at the sign over his garage that read “Castiel’s” and the spacious apartment he shared with Sam above it.
“You know what the worst part is, Cas?” Dean asked.
He was fucked and he knew it.
Cas squinted and tilted his head the side.
“Not with someone I cared so much about,” Cas answered, looking directly at Dean with his bright blue eyes.
“Too busy with studying?” Sam teased.
“Me?”
Dean held back a laugh at the obliviousness of Cas’s cousins. He had met Meg and she was something else, to put it nicely. She also wasn’t Cas’s type, being a girl and all.
Hell, Castiel could have been on the phone with Zachariah telling him the whole story getting Dean fired.
“Yours?” Dean asked.
“God damn it. What did I say, Charlie?”
He didn’t care about Lucifer or Crowley but his best friend just got married. There was no way Benny was going to jail if Dean had anything to say about it.
“Yes, he gave us the weed and told us our corners. Got the biggest cut of the profits,” Dean confessed. He knew they needed this recorded but it was annoying when he knew they already knew this.
Cas agreed. They stripped and tossed the rest of their clothes near their bags before cuddling under the covers.
“Okay,” he agreed. “We’re gone. Tonight.”
“How are you wearing jeans, it’s too hot out,” Cas changed the subject.
Dean had one hand on Cas’s cheek and the other on his hip. Cas had one hand lifted into Dean’s hair and the other grabbing at his shirt between his shoulder blades.
He hadn’t had anything all morning and figured he should at least drink something.
“Yeah?”
After he hooked up his iPod loudly to Benny’s speakers, he picked up a baseball of Benny’s and threw it up in the air and caught it. He felt like Steve McQueen in The Great Escape. Mostly because of the ball but it felt a little like solitary confinement.
“What do you like?” Benny asked.
“Gay,” Charlie clarified.
Dean imagined a world where he had a solid education and a real future. For some reason, Castiel made an appearance in Dean’s fantasy which snapped him back to reality.
“Look, just because she’s cool with you fucking Cas doesn’t mean I am,” Gabriel said.
does,” Zachariah sneered.
Nothing like drowning your sorrows, Cas thought pitifully.
What a frustrating piece of work, Dean thought.
“The Impala was making weird noises and I know the owner here so I,” Dean rambled and then paused to get to the point. “I drove here to find you, to talk to you.”
“You’ll figure it out,” Cas consoled, hand running up and down Dean’s arm soothingly.
Samuel looked pointedly at Cas who Dean hadn’t had the opportunity to introduce.
“You’re overthinking, aren’t you?” Cas said, a statement more than a question.
“You remembered, too. Enough to put it on your iPod so we’re both saps,” Dean pointed out.
The hundred or so guests milled around in the front room, fancy enough to be called a parlor, the dining room where some finger foods and deserts sat out, and a ballroom Dean hadn’t known existed. Intrigued by the sight of snooty and uptight people dancing, he walked in hoping for a good laugh.
“Suspended one week without pay,” John decided. “Now, get out.”
“It’s been awesome living with you, too, Dean,” Cas smiled, “I love sharing everything with you, hearing your stories and you are getting even better at cooking than before.”
Dean wasn’t sure what to say but he appreciated that a lot and held Cas closer. If they were actually in love and whatever than Dean wouldn’t cheat. That was an unholy grail he didn’t dare drink from. He had someone who loved him that he could come home to, wherever home was.
Dean continued to smoke, not really sure what to say.
“He sounds great, Dean. I hope I can meet him,” Cas said, gently grabbing Dean’s hand across the table. Dean felt a pleasant twist of his stomach in excitement. It wasn’t a big deal but Dean really liked holding Cas’s hand.
To say the next morning was awkward would have been a massive understatement. Dean woke up with his face pressed against Cas’s chest and his arm still over his stomach.
“So…” Cas answered, knowing where Dean was going with this but wanting him to say it anyways.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean moaned as Cas continued kissing his neck before returning to his lips.
The bill was paid and the two left.
“Because you have a look that says everything isn’t okay,” Dean said matter-of-factly.
“Did you even want to?” Dean asked.
Dean left the ice pack on the chair on his other side and the two headed outside to wait for Sam.
Castiel already had everything he could ever want. He wouldn’t ever need Dean, trash with a rough past, when he lived like he did. And Dean didn’t like him so it didn’t matter.
“You’re not going to ditch me for someone better?” Dean asked, looking sideways at Cas.
Later, Cas explained himself a little better.
“Yes,” Dean answered with finality.
“Would you calm down?” Charlie demanded. “Please?”
“Fine by me,” Dean snapped, anger bubbling back up. “You can pretend I didn’t rock your world.”
Dean.
“Holy shit, I’m so fucking sorry man,” Castiel said, a slight slur to his words, “I thought you were someone else. Oh my God.”
“No, it was always Cas’s,” Dean reminded. “I hope it was worth his life.”
That threw Dean for a loop. Castiel had remembered that Dean had a girlfriend and this seemed pretty forward. As much as Dean thought the realtor was hot…
“So, you know things haven’t been easy since…”
“It’s kind of hard to see her when she’s so far away,” Sam said in a slightly harsh tone that seemed to come out of nowhere.
He hadn’t wanted to try his fake I.D. here and risk getting caught while out with Cas. That would have been more embarrassing than when he got caught with Lisa by her ridiculously strict father.
“They help the nephilim?”
Dean and Cas settled into an easy routine when they came back from Thanksgiving. It involved a lot of time at Cas’s house but also time getting to know the other ones’ friends. Charlie admitted that Cas, while rough around the edges, was perfect for Dean and she admitted she had been wrong about him earlier in the year. Victor and Benny were slower to warm up to him, but they were getting there.
He leaned over to pull Cas into a kiss before suggesting they get cleaned up. Dean would have loved to snuggle but Cas knew his parents would be home soon.
“Jealous.”
Cas immediately spotted Dean despite the size of the room and was not surprised to find that he was talking to a group of three women from the HR department. Cas shook his head. He assumed Dean would bring Benny but didn’t want to look around and see him.
He took a longer route home to clear his head. It felt like a relief to be let off the hook, for now, but they had a point. Getting attached in any way would be a bad idea. The only problem was that Cas had really liked kissing Dean and didn’t want to listen to their advice.
Dean explained Cas’s last visit and their dad’s freak out and the fight. He also then explained the last phone call he made to Cas and what he said.
“I’m serious, that was amazing and so are you,” Cas said. “I didn’t expect you to…”
“What?” Dean asked.
“Okay, but where would we live? And you’ve never worked before, Your Highness.”
“Sure,” Dean scoffed. There might have been some truth to that.
Henriksen was lenient about the state of Dean’s unmade bed and also seemed to forget that Dean skipped his class the day before, at least for now. It was a surprisingly nice move.
“You’re looking to get laid, just like last night and like always.”
They kissed again before Cas’s watch let them know Henriksen would be showing up at any moment and Dean went to his own room.
Dean stood, one tear falling down his face.
How was Dean going to admit to Cas he loved him when he could barely admit it to himself?
Cas nodded, still a little distracted.
He shuffled into the kitchen and had just finished making coffee when Gabriel came out of his room.
“Shouldn’t I be fucking you? It is your birthday after all,” Cas suggested.
“Glad you get your jollies from somewhere, Vicky,” Dean taunted as he sat up.
“Real mature, Dean,” Cas joked.
Later that day, Cas didn’t feel up to dinner so Dean promised to bring him something back from the cafeteria.
“I was honestly still pretty distracted from our fight,” Cas said with a small shrug. “I was hoping Charlie would help with everything.”
“I’m off to college in the fall,” Cas answered.
Cas, in response, wiggled his hips just a little to hint to Dean to get moving. Gently, Dean pulled out and eased back in.
Dean sat on the floor and grabbed the car he usually used when he played with Ben. It was a black car that resembled his own Impala.
“That’s it?”
Another thing he screwed up was lying to his brother and friends. If he had any hopes of winning Cas back, he would need their help. For that, they had to learn the truth.
Dean cleared his throat and stopped staring at Cas with what he assumed was a very inappropriate gaze.
Dean collapsed on his bed, tears filling his eyes as he turned to face the wall. Now, he couldn’t see Sam. He had protected his friends and Castiel but he didn’t know if it was worth it.
So it was over as quickly as it had begun, much to Gabriel’s dismay.
“Thanking you. For our date tonight,” Cas said.
Dean was his right hand man, normally. A great seller, fighter, racer… He was important to this gang and Crowley would be damned to let him go that easily and lose him to a boyfriend of all things. In Crowley’s mind, love of any kind was stupid and a waste of time; guys, girls, didn’t matter. It never made sense to him. Business, he could handle. Deals, he understood.
Dean thumbed at Cas’s nipples while continuing to thrust his hips, grinding their cocks together.
Cas took a deep breath and let it out with his obvious answer.
“What about him?”
“I know,” Dean said, still smiling.
“Not everything’s a joke, Dean. Can we just talk for a second?”
“So, what did you have in mind for today?” Dean asked. “You look kind of tired.”
“Oh, thank God,” Sam said as he collapsed back into his chair in the waiting room.
“It has been,” Dean agreed. “I can’t wait until we have our own place. I’ll work and then come home to you.”
“That’s us,” Henriksen pointed out. “Have a good day, Mr. Novak.”
Dean, again, didn’t want to see him.
He started to dig in but looked up when it sounded like he was the only one.
“What’s up?” Sam asked as Dean flopped on his bed.
The two stopped kissing and took a step back. Zachariah looked angrier than either of them had seen him but the two of them held their ground.
“Really?”
“She must like you,” Dean smiled, “she already gave you a nickname.”
The end of June and into July was pretty much the same; hanging out, selling and watching movies. There was just more kissing.
The guys still seemed unsure of Cas.
“Stop arguing. Please,” Dean pleaded. “This is hard enough as it is.”
Dean hoped he knew what Cas was thinking even if he wouldn’t say it, he hoped Castiel cared about him.
“How are you still here?”
“Thanks, man,” Dean replied gratefully.
With a quick kiss on Dean’s cheek and a promise to text or call, Cas headed inside.
Crowley clenched his fists and started to step forward again. Dean moved too but Cas grabbed his arm to stop him. The two of them fighting wouldn’t solve anything.
“You good if I sleep a little more?” Dean asked.
“Of course,” Dean said, kissing right below Cas’s ear. Dean surprised himself by not hesitating to say “I love you, too.”
“Yup. How about you?” Dean wondered.
Cas gave him a skeptical look.
“Hello?” Dean answered.
“Did you want to start? Tell me how much I fucked up, how I should leave you alone? Give you a turn to leave me alone at dinner?” Dean began, not wanting to waste time with small talk like the day before.
Dean sweat through a long and agonizing moment of silence and he didn’t know if he had heard the bedroom door click shut.
“So, go get some,” Dean said, his eyes on Cas as he bumped their knees together.
“Then what was wrong?”
“So, our first date spot, huh?” Dean asked, looking over at Cas as he drove.
Pants were about to go next when they froze. They heard footsteps in the house. Dean looked up at Cas and saw the same panicked look he probably had. The front door opening hadn’t been loud enough to interrupt them. Dean was praying it was Sam but he knew deep down it wasn’t.
“Sure,” Cas grinned. He gave his one boyfriend one more kiss before he left for the night.
“Hi, Benny,” Cas greeted, “on a break?”
“No, I uh, yeah. That…sounds good,” Dean stammered through, embarrassing himself.
“What? You’d run away with me?” Dean asked with a chuckle.
“Cas,” Castiel said, choosing to stick with the nickname Dean gave him.
John weighed the validity of that excuse and must have bought it. He dropped his arms and Dean tried to not look too relieved.
“It doesn’t help to sit here day and night,” Cas tried.
“No,” Cas grinned, blowing the cover of his ruse with Meg.
“Thanks, Jo,” Dean smiled at her as he grabbed a shot glass as did Benny.
Dean found it hard to be surprised that Zachariah lied to exaggerate the debt and exploit Dean. He didn’t know exactly what to do with the information, either. He put the file back so he had time to think.
“When you two have a lover’s spat, you really go at,” Benny joked.
“I will be okay, Cas,” Dean said, wishing he could believe it.
“Dean didn’t do anything wrong, Michael. Just walk away,” Cas argued.
“Really?” Dean smiled.
“That’s not surprising, you usually sleep late,” Castiel argued.
“Just keep it down, okay? Lafitte, you should know better,” Novak said. Dean didn’t see but Benny nodded his head behind him.
was different. It was really the only time he had been in someone else’s bed with clothes on.
“That’s easier said than done, Dean.”
“Really? Because…”
“Dean,” Cas breathed, breaking the kiss just for that one breath before pulling him in again and pushing off the plaid shirt.
“Fine.”
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked. Cas sighed.
“They’re our only other family. They were far away,” Sam shrugged.
Sam and Dean put themselves in charge of fireworks.
, Dean thought.
“Fuck, Cas. Close, I’m…close, baby. Cas, don’t…don’t stop,” Dean groaned, breath catching.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean said, a goofy smile on his face after he pulled out and collapsed next to Cas.
“We’re people too, asshole,” Dean said furiously.
“I like the sound of that.”
“Cas, you’re the best,” Dean grinned.
“Get back to work before I change my mind and decide you were the thief after all,” Zachariah said.
“You don’t seem fine,” Cas called him out.
“Oh, right. Samuel, this is Cas, my boyfriend. Cas, this is gramps.”
“Yeah.”
“Jake and Edgar,” Cas said, throat dry. He sat up enough to drink the water given to him.
Cas broke the kiss first and looked at Dean, confused.
“Cas, I’m sorry, honestly. Sometimes, I’m an idiot and I don’t think before I speak. Please stay?”
“God, you look beautiful,” Cas admired, three fingers deep and hitting Dean’s prostate.
“You’re a grown-ass man…”
Cas didn’t think that the cops would be so quick and efficient. He prayed, which he hadn’t done since Dean had been shot, that the phone call in the other room didn’t have anything to do with those two being arrested. A sinking feeling in his gut told him otherwise.
“Dean, why are you outside of Zachariah’s office?”
Dean sang, gaining confidence and even cracking a smile. His singing voice was good, he knew, and the crowd wasn’t booing so that was a plus.
“Seriously,” Cas rolled his eyes.
“Okay,” Dean said. “I’ll, uh, see you then.”
“Okay,” Sam answered. “How about some money?”
Despite the lack of warning, Dean caught it all and didn’t lose a drop.
“It’s fine, I was just thinking… well, at weddings,” Dean said, clearly trying to spit something important out, “people usually have dates.”
Cas waited for him to continue.
The next morning, Dean called the school’s attendance office and the secretary let him know that Sam was there which was a small relief.
“If we can’t get you kicked you out, we can make you wish you had been,” Michael said.
Dean shrugged, still unable to meet Cas’s eyes and feeling raw. He never told anyone that and could barely believe Cas didn’t kick him out of his bed. It wasn’t something to brag about and it made him feel dirty when he only wanted to feel good and safe in Cas’s arms.
Dean got them a towel to clean off and then they curled up together, Cas as the little spoon.
Dean heard someone up the street and turned to look and saw three boys not far ahead. Michael seemed to be the one who spoke. If Dean were to hazard a guess, the kid Michael scolded had been bothering Castiel until Michael had stepped in. The kid Dean didn’t know, clad all in black, sauntered down the street and passed Dean with a sneer but didn’t say anything. Dean must have seen him before but he was probably in Michael’s company so it was hard to tell. Everyone still kind of blurred together in his mind.
“All right Castiel, just keep us updated,” Mills said before they walked Castiel out of the building.
That weekend, Dean and Cas were flying halfway across the country for a conference with half a dozen other employees from their company. Dean was definitely not a fan of flying, at all, and he was stuck next to Cas. Of freakin’ course.
Dean stood uncomfortably at the party in a tuxedo the Novaks provided for him. It probably belonged to one of Castiel’s older relatives and Dean hated the thing. It didn’t fit right and its stiffness made it hard to move.
The two of them heard yelling and started to run. The gate was open and they charged into the backyard, hands hovering over guns just in case. Surprisingly, these kinds of gatherings always tended to bring out the crazy.
“About what?”
“I think that’s what best for you boys.”
, Dean calmed himself down,
Cas left the bathroom and rejoined Dean at their booth.
“Come on, we have to get you inside, it’s freezing,” Cas said. Dean already felt very cold. Cas gently got a shoulder under one of Dean’s arms and helped them both up and inside. It was a painstaking effort to get to the elevator and up to the apartment but they managed.
He jumped off, Dean whining a little at the loss of contact, and crawled to his bedside table to get lube and a condom.
He grabbed a towel and walked out of their room to the bathroom, hoping for a distraction. After it was hot almost to the point of almost uncomfortable, he stepped in. Benny was right, Dean would have to stop being a coward and talk to Cas soon.
“I’m twenty-one. You’re sixteen. The law does,” Dean sighed.
“What the hell are you doing here?” Dean asked in disbelief. He was supposed to get away and to be with Andrea.
Benny and Garth left, and Dean went up to the main house for the end of the tutoring session. He hadn’t been in a week since the cars kept him busy and he hadn’t seen Cas at all.
“Whatever you say, Nowak,” Dean said, starting to shut the door.
Dean almost laughed but didn’t want anyone to hear and come find Castiel in this state.
Dean could tell by Cas’s wide grin that he knew were this was going. Dean dropped to one knee and pulled the ring out of his pocket. It was a silver band in a black box and he popped it open.
Mills put a hand on his shoulder. Cas tensed up. Did she really want to mess with him right now? There was no way he wasn’t going in that ambulance.
“Oh, no shit? You’re close, like me. You could visit home, easily,” Charlie said. She sipped her milkshake, eyes on Dean. This was not where Dean wanted this conversation to go.
“What look?”
“Who’s hosting this thing?” Dean asked, crossing his arms over his pressed, blue uniform.
“What?” Dean asked, blush flaring up again. “I didn’t.”
Cas was going to reply when Dean checked his own phone and looked at Cas.
There was purchase for a bus ticket from Chicago to Kansas City.
“Absolutely.”
“Novak, what are you doing?”
Dean nodded.
Cas led him back to the bed. He guided Dean over him as he laid on his back and pulled Dean’s mouth back to his own.
Dean:
“Awesome. You’re the best, little bro,” Gabriel smiled, patting Cas’s shoulder.
Dean managed to avoid Cas for a week, even in philosophy class, before Cas texted him asking him to come over. He told Dean the house was empty, so he wouldn’t have to worry about being seen. Dean’s stomach was in knots in the hours since the text came and when his classes were done for the day.
“Michael and company are here,” Lucifer announced, “just outside this hotel.”
“Yeah, all right,” Cas said, sounding like it was no big deal but Dean knew this meant more to him than he let on. “Get up, you’re turning me on like this.”
Cas glanced back and forth between the two cops before looking at his hands in his lap.
“What I’m saying is I’m not running away again. Not from you, ever.”
Benny was talking to Cas but he wasn’t listening. He was listening to the guys in the street.
“Yup,” Garth agreed.
“All right, we’re going to get Sam and go,” Dean said, determined. Deanna’s smile faltered.
That was the Castiel Dean knew, the terrifying and amazing angel. The one he loved and had for a long time.
Cas spent a good three hours in his room, dozing in and out, until his now charged phone buzzed. He didn’t recognize the number.
“I graded it,” Cas said, almost smiling.
Crowley gathered the group in a circle as they waited for the product to arrive despite the tension splitting them all in half. Dean, who had stepped back next to Cas, and Benny were one side, backs to the mostly broken front doors, and Alastair, Azazel, Jake, Gordon, Dick and Edgar were facing them with similar scowls. Crowley stood, seemingly neutral, in between them with each group to one side of him.
Dean didn’t move much that day, except to go to the couch to watch reruns of Dr. Sexy and order some pizza. In the back of his mind, he knew he was being pathetic but he didn’t care. His phone rang and it was the number Cas used before.
“Good night,” Cas said. “Let me know when you get home.”
When they finished eating, Cas cleaned the plates and cups away. He came back and sat even closer to Dean.
Cas tilted his head to the side, confused. His first thought that morning was the whole situation would be ignored. He had, apparently, been giving Dean too little credit again.
In the elevator, Cas finally let go of Dean’s arm.
“I don’t have a choice.”
“What subject?”
“Why don’t we hang out after this and talk?” Dean suggested.
“You know, after how we met, I can’t believe we’re here.”
“Well, we’ve never had a fair fight Nowak,” Dean mentioned, Castiel’s eyes narrowing, “You’ve got the authority and Henriksen to back you up. Without your power, you’re basically just a baby in a uniform.”
Dean didn’t need anything else, just Cas’s command, and he rode the waves of his orgasm. He had black spots at the edge of his vision and barely registered Cas coming then their combined come cooling between them.
Once there, he sat across from Crowley at the tiny table. It was lunchtime but not very crowded.
“Andrea and I are engaged,” Benny announced with a proud smile.
Dean’s hand tangled in Cas’s hair while the other pressed back against the bookshelf. Cas lowered Dean’s pants and underwear and Dean’s breath caught.
“Well…”
“Yes. We had an amazing date today and that’s what I’m choosing to remember. If you want, we can make this day even better.”
“Officer Winchester,” Dean answered, shaking her hand. “You sold me my house a few months ago.”
“Angel mojo and sex don’t go well with electricity. Sorry, Sam,” Dean smirked.
He shut the door behind him and took a deep breath, head still spinning from his intense orgasm. It didn’t help that the porch was the same one where he and Cas talked for the first time. He needed to get out of there, fast, before he seriously spiraled.
“I went to twist my ring,” Dean said. “It’s a nervous tick.”
There were a few minutes before Cas answered and Dean wondered if maybe he said something wrong. As much as Dean felt on edge at work, nervous of messing up with his father always on his case, he didn’t think he’d like someone else calling the situation a nightmare. He was still his family.
“Gabriel you are probably closest to our cousins,” Cas said. “What can we threaten them with?”
“I’m glad you’re here, Cas,” Dean said, barely loud enough for Cas to hear even though he was right by his ear.
Dean:
“Just doing my job,” Dean winked.
Dean bobbed his head faster and reduced Cas to gasps of Dean’s name before he suddenly came.
“So, you’re back at work,” Cas stated. Dean laughed a little. Cas had missed that sound so much and he had to smile.
“Isn’t this touching,” a voice said at the door. Three pairs of eyes snapped to the room’s entrance to find a couple of police officers there.
“No, no, no. We are absolutely doing that. Please,” Dean said.
“Really?” Sam beamed.
“You sold on OUR turf!” Crowley shouted. Crowley’s guys were getting angrier as well and started yelling and cursing. A few guys on each side were stepping closer and closer.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean replied. “I didn’t know there was such a nice place around here.”
Cas pulled Dean back up into a searing kiss.
Dean pressed his lips against Cas’s completely. Cas made the smallest moan which, in turn, caused Dean to kiss him with more fervor and lick his tongue in Cas’s mouth. They took the time to relearn each other’s mouths gently and slowly.
“That and a friend to come to this party with,” Charlie said.
Dean felt his cheeks get red at his friend’s prodding. Benny let out a deep laugh.
He tried to shut out the fact that Cas was gay. It didn’t mean he was into him and he wasn’t jumping to any conclusions. They were still friends even if Dean would have been okay with more than that.
An approaching deadline had him worried and his new promotion made it worse. The stress caused him to bump his head repeatedly on the hoods of cars he worked on, drop tools and misplace important papers.
“I forgive you,” Cas said, raising his hand to cup Dean’s cheek.
“And then we actually said we loved each other,” Cas went on, “and graduated and made it through distance and work and we have a place and have grown so much. We’ve built something special, a life together. A life I want to keep building with you. What do you say, Dean? Will you marry me?”
Dean had talked enough about his father for Cas to get the picture. He didn’t want his father to know he was having an affair, period, and Cas being a guy wouldn’t help. This wasn’t how he wanted to come out and he didn’t want John to tell Lisa. Dean had to tell her when he was ready and had his head out of his ass.
Gabriel took Dean’s glare as his answer and backed out the door.
Castiel said it with such confidence that Dean almost believed him.
“I couldn’t…deal. Couldn’t face the fact that we’re like them, could be like them. I just don’t see you settling for me and…”
“Sure,” Cas said. He kissed his boyfriend on the cheek, making him turn just slightly red, before taking the champagne to the table where Ellen and Bobby waited with glasses.
It was easy to feel that Cas was just as excited as he was. Dean wasn’t sure how they would continue this since Ben was home and Lisa…
In a blink of furiously moving hands, clothes were flying while their lips tried to stay close. Cas was on his back on the couch in just his briefs with Dean over him. Dean took his briefs off and then kissed Cas as he removed his. Completely naked in a model house they shouldn’t have been in, Dean had very few coherent thoughts except getting inside Cas and fucking him.
He should have been freaking out that his dick was sliding against another one, but the sight just made him feel the familiar warmth spread threw his body, spine tingling and very nearly coming.
“I didn’t hear any help from you,” Castiel argued.
Dean nodded this time. He didn’t trust the guy but maybe he could help with the situation.
“I’m glad you bought that whiskey.”
The only sound now was the police sirens from outside.
“Dean Winchester! How’s it going, brother? It’s been a few years,” Benny greeted.
The rest of the next week was more of what Dean expected. John was barely around and Sam was at school. It was late May and he had school through the end of the week.
Dean and Cas spent the last five months getting to know each other again. The distance was hard at first but Cas moved to California and started looking for a new teaching opportunity while he did his research and writing. Dean got a promotion at the firehouse and Jess was about to have his niece. Cas also wasn’t too keen on living in the same city as his ex-fiance.
“You’re definitely tougher than you look, I’ll give you that,” he said.
“Have you met Hannah or Castiel?”
He lied to himself by saying the tests were mostly the reason and spending more time with Cas would be pure coincidence and happenstance.
“What else happened?”
“Dean,” Cas began.
But Dean also couldn’t do anything with anyone because he just couldn’t. It would be better for both of them to move on with their lives but he was still pathetically in love with Cas, in the best and worst ways possible. Other people wouldn’t fill the hole he felt, no matter how hard he tried.
“And your brother? He knows about it?”
“So, is this just sex?”
“Why not?” Garth wondered.
Cas didn’t say anything just kept licking and kissing Dean’s chest and nipples, Dean tangling his hand in Cas’s hair. After some slightly more heated making out, Cas finally started to unbutton and take off his own shirt. Dean tried to help him and hurry him up but Cas swatted his hand away.
“Dean, do you trust me?” Cas asked, looking in Dean’s eyes like nothing else mattered.
Dean nodded. The two of them went to play some checkers in the rec room. That was where they found who else came in with Benny.
“I promise I’ll let you know if it’s too fast, okay?” Cas said softly. “I trust you.”
Henriksen knocked on Cas’s door. Dean swung just a little to get momentum to fling himself in a very ungraceful manner towards his own window’s ledge. One hand slipped but he grabbed on again before he could fall the three stories down. That might have hurt a little.
“Evening, officers,” Dean joked. “Here to actually do some good?”
Easily taking the lead, Dean continued making out with Cas and moving his hips against Cas’s in a steady rhythm. Keeping his mouth on Cas’s, Dean unbuttoned Cas’s shirt and tossed it on floor. The Henley he had on was the next to go.
“Make Cas stay,” Dean demanded.
The rest of Dean’s suspension went as slowly as he would have guessed. Lisa told Ben that Dean was using vacation time and the kid was just happy that Dean could make it to a couple of his baseball games. One plus side was that Lisa got swamped at work so she was too tired to get Dean to fuck her. He just would have thought about Cas anyways.
“What the fuck are you doing?” Dean demanded as Ruby stomped out her cigarette.
“SAMMY!” he yelled. Cas immediately clamped a hand over Dean’s mouth and Sam helped drag Dean into the apartment.
“It’s not all bad. We get to help old ladies cross the street every once in a while, play football with kids in the bad neighborhoods,” Dean shrugged.
Benny and he dressed in regular clothing and a plaid flannel and jeans never felt better to Dean. After a week of uniforms and matching sweats, being able to wear what he wanted was inexplicably pleasing. There was no way he could last too much longer like this. His dad had better come and get him soon.
“And you failed to mention that?” Crowley glared. Meg snickered, earning a glare as well. If Michael was stooping low enough to search for members in the high school, he would have to as well, at some point.
“Was she ugly?”
“Me neither,” Dean agreed.
“Didn’t know I had a criminal for a boyfriend,” Dean poked fun, nudging Cas with his shoulder. “Little felon.”
“You all right, Cas?” Dean asked, looking at him as he drove.
Rather than stay around to chat with the police like he did with Benny, they took off. Dean led Cas away, hopping his regular fence using the dumpster and taking off down the alley.
Once he walked into his room, he was immediately enveloped in a tight hug.
Cas glared at him until Officer Mills encouraged him to continue.
The guest set his mouth in a hard line and they glared at each other until Benny cleared his throat.
Gabriel had grumbled that he wanted to go see Kali but was quiet after a look from Cas. Gabriel, while against getting involved in his family’s battle, wanted to help his little brother.
Cas saw the similarity between them and held back a smile. He had spoken almost identical words before while trying to protect mankind as he believed angels were truly meant to do. God didn’t create them to be killed.
“It doesn’t matter,” Cas said, ignoring Balthazar’s last comment. “I’m not going to tell him and that’s that.”
“The worst part is, I still love you too.”
Dean took a deep breath and looked away from Cas.
Benny hauled Dean through the window and shut it just as Henriksen knocked and came in.
Dean quickly turned to the radio to get something playing to distract him. He could feel Cas’s eyes on his back.
“Hi,” Dean said when Cas answered the door.
“You might be right,” Dean winked. “I am dating you after all.”
Hearing Cas say his name in such a raw, sexed up voice had Dean coming in his pants like a freaking inexperienced prude. Not to mention how quickly he had come, and he would have been more embarrassed if he didn’t feel Cas do the same thing. Dean couldn’t believe he made the legendary Cas come in his pants, and damn if he didn’t look good while he did it.
“You’re not and that will never happen,” Cas said with certainty. “I’m not those men who used you. I see how smart and selfless you are. How brave. You’re the best man I’ve ever known, Dean Winchester. And you always call me on my, as you would say, crap.”
“Still want to do what you dad thinks you should do?”
“What do you mean, Meg?” Dean asked.
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” Cas sighed.
“Officer Henriksen. We found your father.”
“Maybe,” Cas teased, grabbing Dean’s hand that wasn’t on the steering wheel.
On the back deck, there were a lot less people and it was much quieter. The two of them walked to the edge of the deck and leaned on the railing.
Cas reached between them and stroked Dean until he came with a sigh of Cas’s name. A few more thrusts and Cas came inside Dean.
“Damn right.”
“It’s nothing,” Cas replied.
“WHAT DID YOU DO TO HIM?” he yelled. The sound must have woke Cas up because he coughed, making the two step back and stop fighting. Dean understood the protective older brother role, but Dean didn’t have anything to do with why Cas was hurt.
Cas stuck to one-word answers as best he could, but Meg kept prying. Dean clenched and unclenched his fists a bunch and wished he could help rescue Cas.
“Agreed,” Dean said with a nod. “I just didn’t know the right way to tell you your family is lying to you about your whole life.”
“What’d I miss?” he asked, sitting down. Dean moved a little to his right to give Benny room, making him closer to Cas’s left around the small table.
“Dean?” Sam called.
It was only two minutes later that four cop cars, a mix from both towns, swarmed the house being robbed.
“Yes,” Dean snapped. “He didn’t think I could do college and here I am.”
Dean kissed his fiancé before leading him back to the car.
“The newspaper has a social section, you know. My family’s parties are in it all the time. It has who wore what and who they were with and most importantly- it has the scandals.”
“Where are you from?” Benny asked, an innocent question.
“You know I love you, right?” Cas said, sounding a little unsure.
“That was unexpected,” Cas said, still smiling.
It really had been a good week. He woke up with Cas every morning and spent pretty much every minute with him. It was going to be a long week until they could sleep together on the weekend and Dean couldn’t wait. By some miracle, Cas still hadn’t gotten sick of him. Yet.
“I’m shocked,” Sam said genuinely.
“Uh no,” Dean said, accepting the bottle and drinking.
“No,” Cas snapped.
“Sam? I’m going to work,” Dean called. He paused, shooting Cas a concerned look who shrugged.
They spent the next few hours at the garage. Dean worked and talked to Cas as they enjoyed the music and each other’s company.
“Do you guys know each other?” Cas asked, his eyes going back and forth between the argument hovering over his bed.
“Yeah, well it will be longer if we just ignore whatever’s going on,” Dean pointed out.
“You don’t ever have to worry about that ever again. I’ll keep you safe. We’ll build a life together and I’ll protect you,” Cas promised.
“Yes,” Cas said with confidence. “If the one thing I learn from you is to ignore what people think, I’ll be lucky.”
“He left, said he didn’t feel good. I don’t think he liked seeing you with his cousin.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said affectionately, “Happy Valentine’s Day.”
Dean invited Cas back home for New Year’s and he tried to build up the courage to admit his feelings to Cas once he could admit them to himself. Dean valued the heck out of their friendship but maybe something more would be even better.
… is everything okay?” Sam asked.
A look of hurt passed over Cas’s face before it turned angry.
“He could help. He occasionally hangs out with them so maybe he knows their dirty secrets!” Dean exclaimed, excited that he thought of a plan.
must have been top of your class, very smart,” Cas retorted, sounding braver than he felt.
“Make sure you smooth things over with your boy before you go home,” Benny instructed.
“I love you, too,” Cas said against Dean’s lips.
Cas figured he was good to go and rolled a condom onto Dean before coating him in lube.
Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and Dean turned to look at him. Dean looked from Cas’s eyes to his lips then back at his eyes before pulling him in for a kiss.
Dean left to some scattered applause from his fellow students while most were happy to get back studying. He looked back and saw Cas sitting at his table, smiling wide and giving him a shy wave. Dean couldn’t wait until their date.
, Castiel couldn’t help but think.
“Wow,” Dean whistled. “Are they all in the family business with you?”
Dean peaked out of the closet and found a clear hallway.
On the front step, Cas and Dean couldn’t help but laugh.
“For fighting?” Dean guessed. He heard Henriksen say so when he dropped Dean off.
When the bell rang to dismiss the class, Dean and Benny made a beeline for the door. Outside it, Benny stopped Dean to ask where he was heading next to see if they had the same class. He had to pull his schedule out of the pocket of his uniform pants to check. As he was looking down, he was slammed into wall next to classroom door, hard.
Dean grimaced as he pictured the scene and felt like even more of a dick. Cas crossed his arms, waiting for Dean to speak.
“You sure? I know…”
“Never mind.”
Dean couldn’t believe this. He slammed his fist into the bathroom wall.
That’s when Cas began to cry. Cried for Dean, for himself, the shitty situation he had gotten himself into and the general
Dean stepped closer to the door and Cas followed. This wasn’t a discussion to have near anyone else.
The thought of him was so distracting, Dean almost missed moving a spotlight for the big monologue.
“I know but…”
“Yes, sir,” Dean lied.
He paused so Dean just gestured with a hand for him to go on.
Dean thought, he doesn’t like you.
“Is something funny, Dean?” Cas demanded.
“It was,” Dean admitted.
Sam walked towards the car after saying a brief goodbye and Ruby stayed on the bench.
“Yeah, yeah I’m fine,” Dean lied. “Nothing happened.”
Sam started to lead Dean towards a bedroom to the right of the front door.
“I wanted to say thank you. For Saturday. You didn’t have to…”
Dean shut his eyes and tightened his arms around Cas.
“Twenty,” Cas repeated sternly.
“It’s supposed to be for emergencies,” Cas said with another sigh.
Dean turned his phone over and over in his hand while pacing in his apartment. Calling Cas while sober made his stomach twist but the idea of not calling him made his heart sink. They needed to talk even if he had every right to ignore Dean forever.
“Shit, Cas, I didn’t know,” Dean said, looking a little guilty.
“Just had to check out the new place,” Gabriel said.
“That sucks,” Dean tried to sympathize. “Although, even if you live somewhere long enough it can still not feel like home.”
“I wish…” Dean said, trailing off.
Dean grinned ear to ear. He was adorable when he got excited, Cas decided.
“You being a dick? Not really,” Cas said honestly.
“Holy shit,” Dean said. He collapsed on the bed next to Cas. “What took us so long to do that?”
Cas’s friends, mostly Gabriel, were less accepting of Dean. He and the blonde in V-necks, Balthazar, liked to tell Dean he was a little nerd which he brushed off pretty easily. The girls, Anna and Rachel, seemed fine with Dean. Anna seemed a little too into Dean, but Cas just said she was a natural flirt.
“Winchester?”
Dean left the school gym with every intention of doing what he had wanted to do for a long time. He was going to finally tell Castiel how he felt and hopefully he felt the same way. If he was lucky, they could kiss and forget the whole mess that was tonight. Kissing his crush’s cousin wasn’t his smartest move ever and he prayed Cas could forgive him. He normally wasn’t the praying type but this was a situation that needed all the help he could get so he prayed hard as he ran across campus. The wind whipped in his face and stung. In his rush to chase Cas, he forgot his coat and it was cold outside.
“Hey, sorry,” Dean started, “didn’t mean to just, you know, stand here like a weirdo…I’m Dean. I live in 405.”
He was cut off by Cas roughly slamming him back against the far wall of the elevator and claiming his mouth with his own. Dean kissed back just as fiercely without hesitation.
Cas arched an eyebrow and disappeared into the bathroom. Dean figured it was a test and didn’t move.
Besides Sam having started school, Castiel and Dean followed through on their idea to get their GED’s. Their classes were a few nights a week and it was a pretty big change for them because neither of them had been to school in a few years.
“I’ll tell you about it but not yet. Right now, let’s just be happy.”
It was a very nice house in a very nice neighborhood and Dean’s face must have shown what he thought as he pulled into the driveway.
He got pulled back from Cas and tried to wiggle free but couldn’t. Dean could turn enough to see Michael holding him and Lucifer sneaking out of the shadows.
“So, I joined. Otherwise, they would have hurt Bobby or tried to get Sam to join. I had no choice.”
“Get in!” Dean yelled through the passenger side window, pulling up next to Cas.
“Yes. And I want you to come with me.”
“Probably spending it with Gabriel and Balthazar. How about you?” Cas asked, turning to face Dean.
“For what?” Dean asked, at a loss.
“That’s the waitress you wish to sleep with?” Cas asked, squinting his eyes at Holly who was at another table.
“I wouldn’t have to lecture if I wasn’t worried. Sam called, that’s why I’m here.”
Dean nodded before remembering he was on the phone.
He sucked down to leave a visible mark while his hips kept thrusting. Dean wanted to be marked, he knew he was Cas’s and didn’t care who else knew.
They stood on opposite sides of the door in silence until Cas heard Gabriel head to his own room.
“But…” Cas tried.
He knew taking it out on his friends was crappy but he just needed to pinpoint what the hell was wrong and why he was such a chicken shit. Then he could talk to Cas and they could figure this mess out. Once that was taken care of, he owed his friends an apology for being so short with them.
Dean looked from Cas, down to Cas’s untouched slice of cherry pie and back to Cas.
Once they rounded the corner, Castiel dropped to his knees next to Dean.
“Come on, more,” Dean insisted, dropping his head back on the pillow. He had been sure the last time, but he desperately needed Cas in him, fucking him, more than before.
“You didn’t physically drag me there, I chose to go. So, thank you,” Castiel continued. “Besides Henriksen showing up, it was kind of fun. You’re not as big of an ass when you’ve had a little to drink.”
“All right, all right,” Sam said, “Dean, here’s your gift.”
“You forgot your watch,” Dean said, holding it out.
“Hello?” a gruff voice answered.
Dean was confused. Why would Lisa get a babysitter if Dean was coming to get him?
“Of course. Wouldn’t have called him if I wasn’t,” Dean said, his eyes not leaving the road.
“It was a very good apology,” Cas agreed with a smirk.
“Shit,” Dean said out loud. His next guess would be Gabriel’s room. Then he remembered he had no idea where that was. He walked quickly, almost ran, down the hallway trying to find a door marked “G. Novak.”
“No, I’m not staying,” Castiel insisted, then turned to Sam, “he keeps saying I am.”
“Me too.”
“No funny business. Got it?” Dean said firmly. Maybe he made stupid choices when he was thirteen but that didn’t mean Sam should, too.
“That’s what Sam said when I told him.”
“I don’t know, Victor,” Dean had said. “I really should study.”
“You more than me,” Gabriel said, slightly under his breath. Everyone heard anyways. Gabriel was older and didn’t get as much crap from other students like Castiel seemed to so he needed less intervention from their cousins.
“No, already ate,” Cas answered as he shut the front door behind him.
Dean was woken up late Friday afternoon by Henriksen opening his cell door. The asshole was definitely being louder than he needed to be. Dean groaned as he sat up. His mouth was dry and he had a slight headache from drinking last night. He was almost glad the cops stopped him when they did. Almost. Also, he was pretty hungry. He was having a hard time remembering what the last thing he ate was.
He almost shot off the bed when Cas licked a stripe up the underside of his cock without warning.
Dean felt it would be better to just confess what he was thinking. Somehow, Cas was able to read him pretty damn well.
He went back inside and collapsed on his bed. Sure, he could talk to Sam but what would that do? It wouldn’t move them back home to Kansas or convince Cas to take him back. Some shit Dean just had to deal with himself and this fell in that category.
“I can’t believe Gabriel was right,” Cas said softly, almost so Dean missed it.
“Be up soon,” Dean said, eyes already glued back on his phone.
“Wha…fuck, don’t stop, Dean,” Cas whined.
“You don’t have to…”
“My mouth is shut, I got it,” Benny said, with a wave of his hand like it didn’t need to be said.
“Nope. But have fun! Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
Dean hit him with a towel.
“Yeah? How?” Dean asked, trying for dirty talk.
“Now, I happen to know some people who can use the information you have to rough those guys up and get them to leave you alone. Then you’re in the clear.”
“Cas, I brought you here…for a specific reason. And you know, um, that I suck at words and feelings or whatever. But I know that you are the best thing that’s ever happened to me and I want to spend the rest of my life with you,” he said, clearly nervous and red in the cheeks.
“You too,” Benny answered.
“Is that why your brother is sobbing like a little girl?” John said, with almost some amusement. Dean felt sick as he heard John yell, “Quit being a baby, Sam!”
Dean smiled again and flopped on his bed. There was a semblance of truth to that statement and Dean found it amusing.
Dean wanted to comment about that Ruby girl being no good but there were more pressing matters at hand.
She left without a word.
Getting married still seemed like an event that was so far away in his own life so Cas was having a difficult time trying to relate. Cas had never even been to a wedding before. Foster homes and juvie didn’t really make for a warm home environment where everyone got dressed up for something like this.
Dean didn’t understand the people he had met. Crowley dressed well, so did this guy, and Dean had a black t-shirt and jeans. Dean didn’t usually feel self-conscious but these guys didn’t help with their fancy stuff.
“Uh,” Dean replied lamely, “sure.”
there and that kind of scared Dean but in a thrilling, new way.
Dean didn’t really know how to react, though. It wasn’t every day that you become the only person your enemy-turned-friend told about their sexuality. Hell, no one had ever confided in him like that. Twelve year old Sammy didn’t exactly have any secrets and Dean already knew everything about that kid. Dean and Cas turned out to have a hell of a lot more in common than either could have guessed two months ago, absent fathers and some unaccepting family members to start.
“Are you sure?” Castiel pressed, eyebrows furrowed together.
Biting his tongue, Dean set up the picnic and walked away to give them a little privacy, but he stayed in earshot out of curiosity.
Dean spent half of the long drive to Lawrence excited and happy which was the first time in months he was either of those things. The thought of seeing Cas again had him smiling but the other half of the drive was spent deciding if he should turn around and go home. But Dean was nothing if not stubborn and went on his way.
“What do you mean, first?” Cas squinted his eyes.
Before he left the garage, Benny reminded Dean how to get to Zachariah’s office in the house. Dean repeated it over and over as he walked but it became nonsense and he forgot.
“See you Friday?” Dean asked, surprising himself. He found he actually did want to see Cas again soon.
“Everyone else, let’s go!” someone else yelled.
Dean couldn’t argue there, Jess beat Ruby in every way possible. It was a little shocking to Dean that his Dad noticed though considering how little attention he paid to either of his sons. Dean would have thought that as long as it was a girl Sam was interested in that John wouldn’t care.
Cas shifted just a little and screamed Dean’s name when he slammed his prostate again and again.
Dean thought then felt his stomach dry heave.
“The hell do you guys want?” Dean greeted Cas’s cousins.
“How?” Cas asked, wary of her help. He took another drink.
Sam looked down and it was his turn to stammer.
“Thank you,” Jo said. Cas nodded.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh as he paid and left an insanely generous tip. Seeing Cas with his red, swollen lips, sex hair and obvious hickeys and knowing he looked the same cracked him up. This would be quite the first date story. Dean told Cas that under his breath and Cas hit his arm.
“What? We just want to watch movies and hang out together!” Sam said defensively.
“What?”
Dean put the empty popcorn tub on the ground and glanced at Cas’s hand on their shared armrest.
“Yeah, a little,” Dean said as he shut the door behind them.
“Let’s go for a drive,” Dean threw out. Cas agreed.
Cas agreed and got some washcloths to wipe away the mess before they got under the covers.
He reached a hand out to rub soothing circles between Cas’s shoulder blades. If Zachariah’s yelling was anything to go by, family didn’t mean much to him. Well, maybe perfect and rule following family mattered. He was really tearing into his own sons and Dean would have laughed except he knew the same thing was about to happen to him and Cas.
Castiel closed his mouth and felt his cheeks get warm as Benny laughed.
Castiel turned to glare at his brother.
“I can’t…” Dean started. “I don’t know what to do, man.”
“You asked. Whatever, I shouldn’t have kissed her anyways.”
“All right. Just…keep everything in order, okay?” Henriksen said, a little baffled at the whole situation but not concerned enough to stay.
“I can’t wait,” he said.
Cas was walking into a diner with Gabriel and Balthazar, not Benny’s because it held too many memories, when they ran into Sam and Jess who had been on their way out.
“Well, isn’t this a cute little group,” came a voice from behind Dean, Cas and Benny who turned around.
“Of course. There’s not much I don’t know about Dean,” Jo sighed. She looked at Dean, who was laughing as he played pool, before she kept cleaning glasses.
“Dean?”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greeted.
Cas kissed Dean on the lips, softly to start and then with more heat. Dean kissed back just as roughly, desperate to taste Cas.
Cas nodded again.
Cas ignored his brother and walked into his room and shut the door. Pretending everything was okay at work was going to be nearly impossible but he didn’t have a choice. He took a deep breath and got ready for the day.
“No thanks, you just threatened to kill me. I’m all right in here.”
“Uh…” was Dean’s intelligible answer.
Dean kissed down Cas’s jaw and neck before sucking on his pulse point, hard enough to bruise.
Since John and Sam had driven to South Dakota to visit Bobby for Thanksgiving, Bobby made a trip out to Kansas for Christmas. He also brought his friend, Ellen, and her daughter Jo. Dean hadn’t seen any of them in over a year and it was great to get together.
Cas glared.
It seemed like most of the juniors had classes together since it was a pretty small school. There were really only enough students in every grade to fill two classes at a time. Half of the juniors would have class together but the half depended on the class. That meant Dean would get to know pretty much everyone his age here. Great.
“I was coming to terms with it myself and you guys didn’t seem to really like Cas,” Dean admitted.
“I did, I remember you mentioned you’d never been,” Dean said, bashfully rubbing the back of his head.
“Married. Her name is Daphne and she’s nice enough but I wasn’t planning on ever marrying her. My mother can be quite persuasive when it comes to my employment.”
He still wasn’t entirely used to Castiel hanging out with them and he definitely wasn’t used to being with just Castiel. They mostly were friendly but there were still little arguments here and there, mostly about his dick cousins.
Cas just shrugged again.
“Fuck,” he cursed.
The two of them ate lunch in the cafeteria one day in March and Cas kept going on and on about something neat Meg had done. Dean had zoned out until he became sick of hearing about her. It bothered Dean that Cas seemed to like Meg so much, almost like jealousy but that wouldn’t make sense. Cas could be friends with or date whoever he wanted.
The TV was on but Dean wasn’t paying attention when the phone rang. Figuring it was a telemarketer or something like that, Dean took his time going over to answer the phone.
“You’re late,” John snapped.
, Dean couldn’t help but think bitterly.
“What’s the message?” Dean asked, letting up on Castiel briefly to get him out sooner.
“Well,” Dean said, twisting his ring, “sometimes you guys need me to help you.”
“Are you kidding me? You’re the star student, on the fast track to Stanford. You’re going to get out of here, Sammy!”
“I’m not telling you because I don’t want them to get in trouble. If this gets out, it could be bad for both of us,” Dean explained.
Dean glanced around the restaurant before looking down at the steak he had only eaten half of.
They closed the restaurant out at about ten and all called it a night. Everyone was crashing at a hotel somewhere and driving home the next day so the goodbyes were only until the next get-together they had.
“I wasn’t going to,” Cas said defensively.
Cas showed up at the usual corner a couple hours later. Dean was already leaning on the wall and smoking. It was hard not to smile seeing Dean in such a comfortable position, trying to give off his bad boy vibe. Cas had seen the softer side of Dean but this side was still hot.
“Not at all,” Castiel answered. “Ben likes you. He always wants to play games that you taught him.”
“So, you watch for Dr. Sexy? And the other sexy doctors?” Cas asked.
Dean could only nod.
Crowley seemed to ponder fighting then decided against making a scene in a hospital waiting room. It seemed like, for now, he believed Cas.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas greeted.
Crowley seemed to just be thinking out loud to himself. His eyes scanned the group but seemed to linger on Cas longer than anyone else when he mentioned the cops but maybe he was just being paranoid.
“Yup,” he answered, “that’s what my nametag says.”
Cas got the message and removed his briefs and coated his cock in more lube.
“Dean,” Cas gasped, finding the sweet spot.
Cas opened his mouth to explain but the bell rang.
“Winchester, knock it off!” Henriksen yelled, holding Dean back.
With a new determination to get cracking on philosophy, he marched up to the door of Cas’s house and knocked. After a few minutes, it opened, and Cas stood there in nothing but thin gray sweatpants that left little to the imagination. He looked like he just woke up.
It was a good thing that Cas didn’t have a date or Dean would have gone nuts. It was bad enough he knew he couldn’t do anything about his feelings and a date would have made him more unavailable. He looked unbelievably handsome since the blue uniform brought out his eyes like Dean had never seen before and his hair was combed nicely, too. He wanted to run his hands through it and make it messy. He stuffed his hands in his pockets so he wouldn’t.
“So,” Dean greeted Cas’s mom uncomfortably. “nice to see you again, Mrs. Novak.”
“So, what now?” Cas asked as he moved to get up.
“Where’s your ring?”
“I have to go to the bathroom,” Dean said.
“What’s with the look?” Benny wanted to know.
They shared a brief hug before heading to the graduation, picking up Cas on the way. Jess would be showing up with her family and Ellen, Bobby and Jo would meet them there.
“Here, Castiel,” Dean said, handing him a little gold car so he could join them.
“Dean?” Charlie asked.
He shook his head. It was a bad idea. With so many people here, word would get out. Rumors of the mysterious Cas and who he slept with at his parties circulated all the time. Dean didn’t need to be one of them or do anything with a guy again. Once was enough to satiate his curiosity.
“Officer Winchester?”
Dean hadn’t been able to make it into town since his demerits always piled up and he didn’t want to inconvenience Benny to use his phone again to call Sam. He really wasn’t expecting Sam to call him.
“Hello?” Sam answered. He had probably just gotten home from school and was grabbing a snack.
Dean stood against the limo, smiling as a feeling of hope surged through him and he hatched a plan of escape. He let the sun warm his face as he pictured himself, Cas and Sam all together and happy and, most importantly, free from Zachariah. Them against the world where they didn’t need anybody else. The three of them would be enough.
“Police, hands where we can see them!”
“Right,” Dean said doubtfully, looking at their joined hands. “So you could add me to your long list of people you slept with. I get it.”
A guy who seemed to be acting as a bouncer stepped in front of Castiel as reached the front door to the house. He had an coy grin that made him look like he wanted to eat Castiel. It was unsettling. He was also trying to be intimidating except he was about Castiel’s height so it wasn’t working.
“Sells pot?” Cas nodded. “Yeah, I buy from him. Don’t tell my mom,” Jo said, casting a worried glance at the door behind her that read “Office.”
“That I went for a walk alone,” Cas said. “Meg’s father is furious and threatening all of us.”
He grabbed his shirts and boxers and started to put them on. It didn’t matter that Cas was right, Dean couldn’t do this. He couldn’t be what Cas needed.
“See you then,” Cas grinned before he left.
It was when Dean drove past the “Welcome to Lawrence” sign and the adrenaline finally wore off when he realized he had no idea where the hell Castiel actually lived. At this point, he was so close to his goal and dedicated to his plan that he couldn’t back out now. Maybe Charlie could hack the school’s system and get an address from Cas’s file. He figured Cas was with his uncle and it had to be near the academy since Zach worked there but aside from that, he had nothing. The plan was half-baked at best and it was biting him in the ass but he was already here so he’d have to wing it.
Something was wrong indeed. It wasn’t his brother but Cas sitting at the table waiting for him.
“No.”
“I know a place they’ll never find us,” Dean said.
“Ca-aas,” Dean whined, his voice catching. Cas watched him come undone, looking up as he continued to move his mouth and fingers. Every noise Dean made got him harder until it was almost too much. After a third finger and more motion, he released Dean’s dick from his mouth.
“Benny’s working so it’s just us today,” Dean said as he took a drag of his cigarette.
“You are,” Cas said.
“Hey Cas,” Dean greeted, one side of his mouth curling up in an almost smile. Despite Cas being beyond mad, Dean was still glad to see him. Cas crossed his arms, still glaring. “I just want to talk. I need to apologize.”
“Tell me what you want,” Dean said, low into Cas’s ear.
It was nearly impossible to listen though. Cas had found his sweet spot and was hitting it with every thrust of his fingers inside Dean.
“What? No,” Dean said, defensively but with a silly smile.
“Well, I don’t know if you noticed,” Dean started, “but I kind of have trouble with authority?”
“Oh, thank you,” Cas answered, accepting it and putting it on. “It would have been a shame to lose it. It was a gift from my uncle.”
“Remember Lisa?”
“Were we in an office?” Dean asked.
Once the flowers were settled in a vase, Dean motioned that they should go.
“Bye!” Castiel shouted back to his brother.
They dropped it and drove back to the bunker.
“Are you going to keep teasing or take my pants off?” Cas ordered.
Castiel always listened to the teachers while Dean spaced out so he would take his backpack and flip it inside out or continue to throw paper into his messy hair. In the cafeteria, which Dean refused to call a mess hall, he attempted to throw pieces of napkin into Castiel’s water. The one time he succeeded, Castiel calmly got up and refilled it so Dean stopped doing that. There hadn’t been a reaction quite like the first day in the hallway. It was mostly calm indifference from Castiel during classes.
“Hello?”
Dean and Cas were both at a loss for words. Crowley must have mentioned Dean joining the gang to protect his brother but he hoped he didn’t mention his theory about Dean and Cas dating. That was ammo in a very dangerous gun.
“Well, that’s random,” Dean deflected.
“Me too,” Cas agreed. They kissed, briefly, but Jo still yelled at them to get a room.
“You can count on it.”
He ignored his friends and invited Anna to sit with him at a table by themselves. It was far enough away from the music so they could actually hear each other.
“How does this keep getting better?” Dean asked as he let Cas curl around him under the covers.
Dean checked and there it was. For someone to know him so completely, to accept everything about him and still care so much about him, Dean answered without a thought or regret.
“We can have that back, all of it. Just say yes. We can figure anything else out later,” Dean reasoned.
“Oh, sweetheart, I don’t do shorts,” Dean winked.
“Oh,” Dean said with understanding. “
Dean walked to his first class of college and only freaked out a little, if by a little he meant a lot. He held his backpack straps tighter as he approached the massive building.
Someone, a very drunk someone, stumbled into the kitchen and Dean flew backwards away from Cas. The drunk guy grabbed a beer while mumbling the words to whatever song had been blasting then managed to walk out. Dean looked at Cas, lust still filling his eyes, and decided to run away again.
They slipped into their room and Cas’s mouth found Dean’s as soon as the door shut. Dean went pliant in Cas’s arms to let him do whatever he wanted.
“Really,” Dean said.
“Open it, boy. I want to know how you did,” John demanded.
The shift in Cas’s voice to legitimately concerned got Dean to finally stop moving his hand over Cas in his pants.
“Oh, that was just a little bit of fun for me but this is different.”
Before they left the room, Dean ran his hands through Cas’s hair to mess it up even more. Cas swatted his hands away and Dean laughed.
“No shit,” Benny continued, “Michael is his cousin, so is Lucifer. They’re twins. Raphael is their younger brother.”
“One last thing,” Dean said, stopping them. “You know, Castiel would have let you keep most of the money. He never cared about that. Your hatred and greed infected Michael and Lucifer and I lost the man I loved.”
“I should apologize for earlier…” Dean started to say when Cas calmed down.
“So, what do you want to do tonight?” Cas asked Dean, arms sliding around his shoulders.
“You mentioned before your dad used to work with Bobby?”
He let out a sigh and got to work.
Benny and Dean nodded in response, Dean holding in a laugh at the word shenanigans. He knew this was probably the worst time to laugh.
Michael left, and Dean let out the breath he had been holding. He rolled out from under the bed, still naked and a little dusty. He couldn’t help but be angry at Michael for ruining their first morning waking up together.
“It’s bullshit and you know it,” Dean kept going, anger fueling him.
Dean looked at Cas who shrugged.
“Hey Sam, it’s me,” Dean greeted.
Dean finished his mug of coffee before he answered.
Maybe he was being too honest for the last part, but it got a laugh from Cas who admired the green Henley shirt he wore under a leather jacket.
Dean laughed. The kid was an observant little pain in the butt.
Cas pulled their hands apart so both of his were free to push Dean’s flannel shirt off and to the floor. He didn’t press any further, just letting his fingertips graze at Dean’s hips under his t-shirt.
Dean was a little surprised at the noise. He didn’t think he had heard the man laugh during the entire time he had been at the military academy.
After they had showered and brushed their teeth, Cas smiled at him over breakfast.
It was Dean’s turn to thank him and exit the room.
Anna just had them do a few stretches, since they ran, and made them count. Loudly.
“Can you come on just my cock?” Cas asked.
“Oh, he speaks!” Dean exclaimed. “Wasn’t sure you remembered how.”
Without anything else to do, he continued to do that as he waited for Benny and Charlie to come back. His face had healed nicely and he didn’t even think about Castiel. At all. Well, barely. It might have been Dean’s imagination but Castiel seemed to have been looking at Dean in a very curious way in their classes. He must have been confused since Dean had done a complete 180 since their fight. Instead of almost daily arguing, they didn’t interact at all. That was a probably a relief to him. No fighting surely made his life easier as a platoon leader.
you, not
“Where’ve you been?”
“Right, yeah,” Dean cut him off with wide eyes and deep blush. They happened to pass by an elderly couple at the exact wrong moment who both looked thoroughly scandalized.
He clammed up and Dean saw a little blush of embarrassment. The guy overshared and got nervous which Dean would have found cute if he didn’t kind of hate him.
“With this and the informant’s information we should be able to get both of them,” Henriksen said.
Another day, another rejection.
“Yes, it is,” Castiel argued.
Dean looked away, shame burning hot on his cheeks.
“English?” Dean asked with raised eyebrows. He could have guessed that, considering that Cas worked in the freaking library, literally surrounded by
“You okay?”
He aimed a glare at the boy who spoke who was standing a few feet away in a freshly pressed, crisp, green military uniform. Dean gathered himself as he took the guy in, looking him up and down. It was a little hard to make him out in the diminishing sunlight but he looked to be about Dean’s age, sixteen, and trim. Also judging by the looks of him, he probably acted older. His posture was unnaturally upright, almost painful looking, and he had unruly dark brown hair that didn’t match the tidiness of everything else about him. The kid took a couple steps and was close enough for Dean to make out the intense, piercing blue eyes that were staring back, sizing him up.
“Better?” Sam asked.
Over the next few weeks, Dean hung out with Charlie and Benny more often. They really grew on him and he was right about how nerdy Benny was, meshing well with Charlie and Dean’s nerdiness. Dean appreciated how hard they worked too, and they studied a lot in the library. If he hoped not to drop out, he needed friends who took school as seriously as he did.
They were driving back to the college they graduated from, something they hadn’t done since Dean finished school, and Dean didn’t understand the draw. It was a good school and they had met each other there but it didn’t feel special enough to endure homecoming festivities.
“I preferred not to think about it,” Cas replied.
“Dean?” Sam asked.
“I’m fine,” Cas managed.
“Why would Benny think we’re going to keep him up all night?” Cas asked when his door was shut behind them. They both kicked off their shoes.
“Why aren’t you at work?” Dean asked.
Dean asked Cas if he wanted to come over. Cas was confused only because he didn’t know if Dean was sure.
“Sure,” Cas agreed.
He never gave specifics to Ellen or Jo about why they moved because he didn’t want to open that up. Dean knew if he talked about it he would get upset or worse, start crying. The work on the cars was a great way to not think about Cas for a little while but he did anyways the rest of the time, all the time. Every time he did he wanted a stiff drink or a smoke but would usually only get the latter. Bobby kept his booze under lock and key, mostly to keep John out, so Dean was out of luck there.
“Can we…” Dean tried to ask what he needed. “Is it okay…”
He called Sam.
Dean glanced at it and was distracted enough for Cas to surprise him with a kiss.
Dean dialed Bobby’s number from memory and he answered after the third ring.
John proceeded to recount the day of the robbery that Dean called in out of his jurisdiction. Dean tried to remain calm as his father did a step by step recollection. It was all factual and sounded like it was right from a police report. Knowing John, it probably was.
On the first of March, Gabriel decided to sit down and have a talk with his brother. He understand what had happened and the two loved each other but the gray cloud following Cas around was infectious in the worst way. Gabriel wanted to help his little brother past this whole ordeal.
“No, that’s why I asked,” Dean rolled his eyes then kept them on the road. Cas looked at him in disbelief and then shook his head.
“I’m not,” Dean said as he crushed the butt under his boot. He clapped Novak on the shoulder which seemed to jar him a bit and made Dean laugh.
“This isn’t your fault and they aren’t your responsibility,” Cas said, seeming to read Dean’s mind.
Sam had only been gone for five minutes when Dean stood to go to his room.
“You didn’t sleep here last night, did you?” Benny teased with a grin.
“You know they like a fight,” Gabriel shrugged, not looking up from his phone where he was presumably texting Kali. “You and your boy toy could try that again.”
Dean stuck to his bed most of the day. Since he was already in trouble and his deal with Milton was screwed to hell, he didn’t bother doing any of his homework either.
The only teacher that really noticed and cared that Cas and Dean had become friends was Henriksen. On a random mid-November Tuesday, he decided to say something after the two boys continued whispering back and forth through his class.
“Tell me,” Cas commanded. “I want to know how much you want it.”
“I don’t know you or your bar. Come on, Ellen. You know south siders don’t talk to cops.”
“They aren’t ‘my’ guys, Gabriel,” Cas said, making air-quotes. “Did you miss the part where I was an informant?”
, Dean thought. He could barely say that he kissed Cas and then climbed in his lap…
“Dean, I think…” Cas tried, a little concerned.
“Dean, hey!” Sam answered. “What’s going on?”
Cas climbed back into bed and over Dean who realized the bottle was lube. Dean’s mind went to anal and how he wasn’t ready for that, and the panic must have shown in his eyes.
“I think I’ve proven I can handle myself just fine,” Castiel said, stepping even with Gabriel to stare Dean down.
“DEAN!” the kid yelled, throwing the front door open.
Cas kissed down Dean’s stomach and was pulling Dean’s sweatpants down and off before Dean knew what Cas doing. It wasn’t a shock that Dean was going commando under them.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh some more.
“You get your family to fight all your battles for you?” Dean accused, ignoring his previous idea to leave Castiel alone. The kid somehow managed to push all of Dean’s buttons without doing much.
After drying off and getting into fresh clothes, they got back into bed. Dean pulled Cas towards him so he was the big spoon and held him tight.
“Yes. You don’t always have to be such a dick,” Dean laughed. “Dick.”
“Benny, call an ambulance,” Dean commanded. He pulled his phone out to do so. “Hey, man, stay with me, you’re going to be fine,” Dean said to Jake, kneeling next to him. “Just keep pressure on it, okay?”
“I would.”
“Why don’t you worry about your own engagement, Michael, and I’ll worry about Castiel,” Zachariah snapped.
“If I had ever asked and if you somehow said yes. Honestly, I’m the lucky one. I wouldn't blame you if you didn't want to talk to me anymore."
“You too, Cas.”
He walked to the library before he could chicken out.
“If that’s all right?” he asked in a low voice.
“Damn,” Gabriel whistled, eyeing him up and down. “You
“If he’s pissed you flirt with other people, he likes you.”
“All right boys,” Crowley smiled over Dean’s shoulder. “Go kick some ass.”
“Seriously, Cas. Why would you forgive me after all the shit I’ve pulled, everything I’ve fucked up the past couple of years alone?” Dean started. “There is no reason for you and Sam to stick around, let alone forgive me. You should both hate me!”
He couldn’t. It hit him that seniors weren’t on this floor. They were on the fifth and sixth floors. Dean bolted up the stairs, two at a time, and ran down the fifth floor hallway, checking every door. None read Gabriel’s name but one did on the sixth floor. It was also empty since Gabriel and Kali presumably snuck off somewhere.
“That’s not like you, to give up,” Cas pointed out.
“No,” Dean admitted, “but it’ll be okay. The ring could be anybody’s. If Lucifer or Michael found it, they’ll never know it’s mine.”
When Dean finished in the bathroom, he and Cas waited at the tiny kitchen table for Sam to finish cooking. Cas saw he was making eggs as well.
“No. The school is rather strict and wouldn’t take kindly to me bringing a male date. My cousins have tried setting me up with Meg in the past but that didn’t work, for obvious reasons.”
They drifted off into a blissful sleep together.
“Well, that I can understand,” Dean said with a scornful laugh.
He had to know if it really was one-sided. Castiel didn’t answer and Dean smirked, causing Castiel to get a little pink in his cheeks.
John nodded again.
“Let’s get back to the hotel before any cops find us,” Dean said. “I’m sure Azazel has his squad out. They probably think I kidnapped you and I’m doing unspeakable things to you.”
“I bet,” Cas retorted. Dean stuck his tongue out in response.
“Use your words, sweetheart,” Dean grinned, enjoying being a tease.
“What could possibly be funny?” Cas demanded to know.
“That was amazing, all of it,” Dean said, leaning down a little to kiss the top of Cas’s head.
Dean looked into his boyfriend’s blue eyes, somehow filled with admiration.
It was quiet so only Dean could hear it. He opened his mouth to protest but figured he had been a big enough dick to Cas that day. Reluctantly, he did them. The company continued once he was done.
“Never mind,” Dean shook his head. “Cas, I’m sorry. I just want your family to leave us alone if they can’t accept you.”
Dean walked into the kitchen and was happy to see that it was much better stocked than when he had been home last. It was bad enough John drank the way he did but he could at least make sure Sam had some food to eat.
Dean enjoyed the thought of never seeing Castiel’s family again. If they ran off…
“CAS!” Dean said, as close to shouting as he wanted to get with Sam sleeping. He shook Cas’s shoulder as well.
“Just something Victor said,” Dean lied.
“How about I get you that poster next weekend?” Cas offered. It was still a mystery why Cas cared so much and it was still new to Dean.
“You got it, Benny,” Dean agreed.
“You boys mind telling me what you’re doing loitering here, parked where you’re not supposed to be?” Henriksen continued, looking at them both.
“Come on, I insist. I invited you to the stupid party and then you got arrested, I feel bad.”
“Easy for you to say,” Cas said under his breath.
“What?” Sam asked as Ruby handed him a piece of paper.
“Sure,” Dean agreed.
“Let’s go outside,” Dean said into Castiel’s ear because the song changed and someone cranked it up, making it impossible to talk.
"You know I never, I never seen you look so good. You never act the way you should. But I like it, and I know you like it too. The way that I want you I gotta have you. Oh yes, I do." Talk Dirty To Me, Poison.
“Yes, we are,” Sam shot back, opening his bedroom door.
He couldn’t mention Bobby’s garage or Ellen’s bar. There was no way the two of them, who had done everything for him and his brother, were getting dragged under. They didn’t really do anything anyways. Well, Ellen let them drink there and they weren’t all twenty-one but they hopefully couldn’t prove that.
“What did I tell you last time?” John asked, glaring hard and breathing heavy.
“That’s what you’re worried about?” Dean asked in disbelief. “I’m worried you’ll toss me aside after a while. You’re the one with all the past lovers, remember?”
“Do you think it’s going to work?” Dean asked.
Cas nodded. Dean kissed the top of his head before getting out of bed to get them a couple cups of coffee.
Cas thanked him and exited the room. Dean was going to follow him to try to talk to him but was held back by Zachariah.
Dean could hear his smile over the phone. Relief sank in at his brother’s joyful words. He let out the breath he held.
“So, you’re fine with him knowing?” Cas hissed under his breath.
“What’s up?” Sam asked.
Finally, Dean texted and made plans to officially take Cas on a date. Cas had seemed to respond quickly and eagerly and Dean was interpreting it as a good sign.
“It does sound good,” Dean gave in. “How could I could say no to you?”
“She died when I was four in a house fire. That’s why we moved into our shithole apartment.”
Cas suggested they leave and led Dean out.
As he walked, tears still blurring his vision, he pictured going on a date with Cas, really pictured it.
“Did you tell her that?” Dean asked, hoping his brother didn’t make the same mistake he did.
“Right,” Cas said, smiling almost shyly. He removed his tie and threw it on the floor.
“Then what’s stopping you?”
He pushed several papers across the desk. Dean picked them up and found a class schedule, list of expectations from students, a map of the campus and a few other things he didn’t want to look at yet. He already hated this place. It was mid-September and he hadn’t missed too much of class but it wouldn’t matter. Dean wasn’t much for studying, never had been.
“Good luck with that. Let me know if you catch him sober,” Dean joked and cracked a grin.
Cas was pretty sure both of their faces would have been a sight, messy hair and too red lips. He was glad to lose the spotlight.
It was amazing. Cas turned to share a smile with Dean.
The words on the page started to swim, blurring out of focus. The Cold War and the Soviet Union didn’t exactly matter when Cas had his hand on his thigh.
“Dean?” Cas asked with a look of concern on his face. “Everything all right?”
“Me too,” Cas agreed with a smile.
“Sit.”
“When I was about your age and dating your mother, her father hated me. It was just so unnecessary and I know from experience it wouldn’t stop you even if I wasn’t happy,” John explained.
“I know you probably get off on giving orders and whatnot,” Dean snapped, watching Castiel’s face darken, “but I’m leaving. We can pick this up first thing tomorrow morning.”
“Yeah, fine,” Dean said, not looking at him.
“I didn’t know how long you would take to actually knock so I saved you the trouble,” Cas said, a smile pulling at his lips.
It was October and Dean had officially been at the academy for a month when things escalated.
“Name’s Crowley,” he said. “We need to talk.”
, Dean thought. That gave him an idea.
It didn’t take long for them to start a serious relationship. They regularly went on dates and tried to spend as much time together as possible, especially finding new ways to stretch Cas in the bedroom.
“Oh, you again,” he said. Dean could barely hear him over the music.
Dean, hearing it out loud, felt stupid. He also still felt a nagging curiosity. Their feelings for each other used to be severe dislike, almost hate, and Dean wanted to know what Castiel really thought.
Cas raised his eyebrows before laughing, a soft and kind one Dean really enjoyed. It made him feel even more at ease and he pulled Cas down into a kiss. He put as much into it as he could and was pretty pleased with himself when Cas had to separate from the kiss and mumble ‘shit,’ to himself.
“Did what?”
“I should find that spot you still haven’t told me about, where you hid after the dance?” Dean retorted, blowing smoke out into the cold night and away from Cas.
“Really?” Charlie asked, rolling her eyes as she noticed which house Victor led them to.
“Joke, buddy. I was joking,” Dean explained.
“We’ll keep you safe,” Mills reassured him. “We just want you to have another option besides jail. You’re only twenty and like I said, we want to help.”
“Okay,” Sam said slowly. “You’re kind of freaking me out.”
“Is your dick going to feel this good?” Cas asked, back arching as Dean crooked his fingers.
“Stop using your father as an excuse,” Cas snapped. “We can fuck, since that’s the only thing you ever want, or you can go.”
“This another one of your protective cousins?” Dean assumed, ignoring Gabriel and looking past him at Castiel.
“Dean, when we’re done then you may go,” Castiel answered, glaring like always.
Cas lifted Dean’s chin with two fingers.
“For you, what’s the difference?” Cas said in a small voice before exiting the car.
“Uh…”
“You know, I’m worried about you,” Sam said as they ate the leftover pizza.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Sam asked, with a slight whine.
“Yeah, I follow the rules. Isn’t that what you all want here?” Dean answered, effectively avoiding actually answering. They could both keep secrets. If he wouldn’t say why he wasn’t busting him, then he wouldn’t mention Sam or his visit home next weekend.
TWO DAYS AFTER SAM TALKED TO LUCIFER, ONE DAY AFTER SAM TALKED TO DEAN
Dean and Castiel joined Ben in the living room where he was playing with toy cars on a carpet that was decorated with roads and a little city.
“Across the street. I know it,” Dean said.
Zachariah punched him twice and Dean almost regretted talking back. Almost.
A few days later, it was Christmas break.
Dean wrote a fake number down to hand to the dark haired woman who winked one of her stunning blue eyes as they walked out of the dive.
“What, I read,” Dean answered defensively.
A month after the business trip, Dean and Cas worked together but didn’t speak much outside of anything professional. Cas wanted to repeat what they had done in the past but had to respect what he said and couldn’t go back on his word. He really didn’t want to lose his job and he and Dean had been getting along really well. Cas didn’t want to ruin that either.
“Oh, right. This is my, uh, boss. Cas. Uh, Castiel,” Dean introduced. “Cas, this is my friend Benny.”
“Ugh, fuck,” Dean groaned.
“I understand that completely,” Castiel sympathized.
His smile faded as his eyes landed on Cas.
On their last morning, Cas must have already gone downstairs when Dean woke up as the room was empty.
Dean just rolled his eyes and if he wasn’t such a coward, he would have tried to hold Cas’s hand under the table but Dean knew Cas still cared what the school thought even if he didn’t want to.
Cas could feel Dean put every last lost moment they missed over the years into their kiss and he tried to match it as best he could.
Dean just laughed and got out of the car. Cas sat and just looked at the sad state of the place where they were for a moment before Dean asked him if he was coming.
“Five years,” Cas stated matter-of-factly.
He walked into his room and threw his bags down. It almost felt like home since he spent more time here than his actual home in recent months. He sat on his mattress and felt the familiar stiffness and smiled begrudgingly. It was good to be back.
Cas lowered himself flush against Dean, hands roaming over his stomach and chest and tweaking his nipples.
“Ellen, I wasn’t…”
Dean stared, still confused what was happening. He twisted the silver ring on his right like he always did when he was nervous.
They kissed, Dean on the outside of the front door and Cas still inside his house.
The movie hadn’t been out long but it was a Tuesday night so it wasn’t too crowded. The boys had the entire row to themselves and they laughed at the previews for some upcoming movies that looked pretty bad.
“You and only you would be happy about that,” Dean teased, taking a long drink of coffee. “But someone’s gotta be the brains of this family and it sure ain’t me.”
“I really want to kiss you,” Castiel said, looking directly at Dean.
“He’ll be more pissed at me than you if this goes south, trust me,” Sam reassured her.
“I’m sorry,” Dean repeated.
“It’s nothing,” Castiel brushed off, “I just need some ice. Stupid door, I wasn’t looking.”
“Just a friend,” Sam responded, but just a little defensively.
“Henriksen,” Dean said as a greeting.
“A… a year?” Cas felt sick. He couldn’t have been more wrong.
Cas was back kissing Dean and kicking the door shut behind them. Without separating their mouths, Cas had them back on the bed and only stopped kissing to work Dean’s shirt off.
“Oh, I think you know,” Dean winked.
“That doesn’t mean we have to go our separate ways,” Dean laughed gently at Cas’s clear look of disappointment, “ are you hungry?”
“Well?” Dean asked.
Sam sat back down with a bag of Cheetos for Dean.
He didn’t entertain that idea for a second because it was so crazy. There was no way.
“A lot,” Dean said as he ran a hand over his mouth exasperatedly. “But I have to call it in.”
“I’m sorry, it’s just… I pretty much always want to kiss you and it’s been hard not being able to.”
Cas cracked a smile at that.
“He wouldn’t, gets too much of a kick out of it,” Crowley laughed, sipping his scotch. “He’s my boss, I can’t sell him out. Besides, so what if Michael’s guys die?”
“Product should be here soon,” Crowley informed them.
“Besides,” Benny said, looking at Jo behind the bar, “I think I’ll manage without you.”
“Why you won’t go out with me.”
He brushed it off even when Sam asked again on their way home.
“What was that for?” Dean grinned when they broke for air.
Dean drove while Henriksen got the address and directed Dean there. According to the information on the computer in their squad car, there was a barbeque in a new housing development that had gotten out of hand and someone had called the police.
“Even when we’re gross and old and you can’t get it up?” Dean teased.
“Hello, Dean.”
“What?” Cas said, hands out in exasperation.
“Dad, I can explain,” Dean tried. He immediately stood and made sure his dad didn’t get close to Cas.
“I’ll be fine, Dean,” Sam laughed, “and I’ll call if I need anything.”
“Nothing,” Gabriel muttered, continuing to read his magazine. Cas ignored his brother’s weirdness and let him know he was leaving again and headed out.
“The smell of humanity was strong to the other version of me because…”
Dean didn’t arrive late. He managed to show up early, an uncommon feat for him. He didn’t know why his brother already sat inside the coffee shop talking to someone. Sam sat at a table facing towards the door across from a guy whose back was to Dean.
He couldn’t believe how monumentally and profoundly dumb he had been. There was come cooling in his pants and a guy had gotten him off. If anyone found out…
Cas moaned into his mouth and he tightened his grip on Dean’s hips when Dean shifted a little, growing erections grinding together through layers of fabric. Dean had never felt another guy’s dick so thrillingly close to his own, and he moved his hips to feel it again. It was easy to feel all of Cas though his sweatpants.
Dean didn’t say anything, just jumped back. He would be lying if he said he didn't want to but his first kiss with a boy was not going to be in front of a crowd of people and certainly not someone like Castiel.
“So,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his next, “Benny couldn’t make it but I, uh, decided something. I can trust you. I mean, after last night… not many people I hang with would help me like you did, you know?”
“Great! I’m glad you had a good time. I did too.”
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me!” Dean shouted indignantly. “I’m not doing that.”
“Sure, Benny,” Cas agreed.
“Dean, are you all right?”
“Yes, I’m still at work so if this isn’t important…”
“Lay low and we’ll throw them off,” Gabriel instructed.
It had been a while since he needed to but Dean called someone he always did when he needed help. Someone he could always count on.
“Like I said, I love your cock,” Dean joked.
Cas raised his eyebrows, waiting for Dean to continue. The guy really was a cocky son of a bitch, but Dean needed his help.
Dean and Charlie made it to the huge and spotless kitchen where some kind of alcohol was being poured into cups. They each took one and drank it. If Dean had to hazard a guess, he would have figured it was fruit punch and very cheap vodka.
It was agonizing to do but it was for the best. If Michael had chosen to hit Castiel instead…Dean shuddered to think of it. He couldn’t put Castiel in any danger because they liked making out sometimes. Dean knew their connection went deeper but thinking of it that way made it hurt more.
Dean’s smile grew more genuine at that.
“Are you sure you want to start a war, Crowley?”
“Can you just hear what I have to say? Please?” Dean begged.
Castiel had plenty of time to think about the events of last night and this morning as he walked home. Dean was calling Lisa and couldn’t drive him and besides, they had left the Impala at Cas’s yesterday before their amazing second date. Everything was great until Sam came back with the news of a pregnant ex-girlfriend of Dean’s. Their happy little morning had come crashing down leaving Cas feeling empty and alone.
“Are you looking for Mr. Winchester?” a tall doctor with shoulder length brown hair came up and asked. Cas couldn’t help but notice the doctor was wearing cowboy boots. Balthazar backed off to give them some space.
“Your mother would kill you,” he laughed.
Cas matched Dean’s mischievous smile and was on his heels out of the huge room before they escaped into the coatroom. Once they were in, Dean slammed Cas against the door to shut it.
“Don’t be ridiculous, I’m glad they got me instead,” Dean said, pausing as he cleaned. He handed Cas one of the bag of peas to put on his swollen eye. “But it didn’t really do anything, you still got beat up. What’s their problem?”
With just a little more experience, Dean was able to have Cas coming pretty quickly down his throat.
Dean cooked and cleaned and pampered Cas for a while after that argument to make it up to him.
“Very,” Benny agreed.
The school year was coming to an end and then he and Sam had to move. They slowly packed up the house and Dean still hadn’t told his boyfriend he had to go.
He kissed Cas, taking his time exploring his mouth. Eventually they stopped and agreed they should go get some food.
Castiel nodded and followed Dean into the bar.
They finished their cake in time for a familiar song to come on.
She smiled and got out her laptop, a sleek, new one that had Dean raising his eyebrows.
He seemed significantly more drunk than before and Dean figured he had another bottle of something in his room. Dean took the blame for letting the drinking worsen and letting Sam shoulder it alone.
Ellen whacked the back of his hand with a spoon.
The voices faded away and Dean dropped his hand from Castiel’s mouth. He took a deep breath, breathing in only Castiel in the small space who smelled strongly of alcohol so Dean assumed he had broken into the hard stuff. Underneath that, Dean smelled soap, honey-scented, and an intoxicating cologne.
“What are you doing after this place?” Dean asked, figuring he couldn’t prolong this anymore.
As he wandered, he looked at all the people decked out in their finest gowns and tuxedos. The women had dresses in every color imaginable of all styles paired with their most expensive jewelry. The men had less variety in the black and white tuxes, but they clearly cost a lot of money and so did their watches. In the past, Dean would have considered relieving a few owners of said watches to pawn for food. Now, they had food and Zachariah would kick him out if he even took one.
Cas shifted just enough and found the right spot to make Dean see stars.
“Dude, what the hell?” Dean asked before hugging back.
“I’ll go but don’t expect anything else,” Cas said angrily. “I don’t love her.”
Dean hadn’t had a worst morning after drinking since college, definitely in the top five of the worst mornings of his life. Before he could string any coherent thoughts together upon waking up, he spilled his stomach. He made it to the toilet, a very thin silver lining since he felt like death.
“Good night Dean,” Cas answered.
He took a couple more thrusts to ride them through the aftershocks and come down from the high. Gently, he pulled out and threw the condom out. He got a towel to clean Cas’s come off of his hand and Cas’s stomach.
The other two nodded and gave him claps on the shoulder. Garth gave him a hug he reluctantly returned.
Dean pretended that hearing his name in that voice wasn’t stirring something in him.
As they made out, they each worked the other one’s shirt off. There was a pause as they both kind of just raked their eyes over inch they could see, taking in the muscles and skin of the other one.
“Come on,” Dean argued. “What do you care?”
“Yeah. I’m dating Cas,” Dean announced.
“I feel the, uh, same, though, you know? Seeing Alastair and Azazel ganging up on you? I’m…well, kind of shocked I didn’t hurt them.”
There was a pause and Dean attempted to subtly check the guy out a little more. He wore nice jeans and a blue button up shirt and looked good.
“Whatever. How’d you find me?” Dean wondered.
“DEAN!” Cas yelled. “Dean, stay with me, keep your eyes open, damn it!”
It shook the whole apartment and made Cas’s ears ring. Dean sat back on the couch, looking exhausted. Cas joined him. Dean reached for the bottle.
His stomach sank. If Zachariah somehow knew about him and Cas, they could both be fired. There was a fairly strict policy in place that forbade such relations in their office. Too much crap had happened in the past that the most senior heads of the company just banned any and all sexual or romantic relations between employees. Period, end of story.
“Only you would wear fancy pants just to drive home,” Dean explained.
“You could have said that.”
“Honey, I’m good.”
Dean simply raised his eyebrows at him, a smile pulling at his lips.
“You can’t just go,” Cas pleaded.
“Gross.” Sam wrinkled his nose but then smiled.
Unknown:
, Dean thought,
“Well, yeah,” Cas admitted.
“Novak, why is your window open?”
In his own office, Dean threw the folder on his desk and few papers spilled out. It was a bunch of spreadsheets and documents he needed to go over and complete before a huge meeting they had with a potential client tomorrow.
“Is that something that angels can smell? How does an angel smell like humanity?” Dean asked.
The laughter died down and Dean frowned.
“You had Cas with you,” Dean just shrugged and kept chewing, the food helping his hangover.
Dean would have laughed at the attitude if it hadn’t been directed at him.
“So tomorrow’s the big day,” Dean said, changing the subject. Feelings time was over.
“Take it easy,” the doctor said. “He just went up to surgery, the bullet hit an artery.”
“Don’t you dare say that,” Castiel said forcefully.
“Now we know what he looks like, so it’ll be easier,” Henriksen continued. They didn’t catch him at the wedding but they knew his face now.
He was cranking the loudest and meanest Metallica he had and it was almost making him feel better. Even if he wasn’t with Sam, the kid would be getting a huge and delicious Thanksgiving meal and that helped his mood. Winchester family holidays were rocky at best but hopefully someone else hosting would mean some peace and sobriety.
“Please. I don’t want anyone to get hurt.”
Jake pressed and let out an anguished groan.
“No, I don’t suppose we do but you are everything I could have hoped for,” Cas said with a small smile.
“Dean, can I talk to you?” he asked. Dean raised his eyebrows and gave a look to Benny before he walked into the hallway after Castiel.
Crowley made sure to still receive their shipment from Lucifer despite the stunt he pulled. He just kept it a one on one meeting and had Dick and Edgar tail Michael long enough to make sure their gang wouldn’t show and cause trouble. This allowed the boys to continue to sell like usual. In hopes of keeping Crowley away from Sam, Dean returned to selling when his gunshot wound healed. Crowley was decent enough to allow him a little time off which was a nice surprise.
“You’re not the only one whose been kicked out of a school,” she winked.
“Dad, you need help,” Sam said.
Dean didn’t share her confidence. They had a complicated past and it was one he didn’t think anyone wanted to bring back up. He wished he didn’t call Cas at all. He should have just gone to bed.
“Babe, we’re safe. You’re eighteen. The world is your oyster,” Dean called from bed.
Dean nodded. Benny was awesome that way.
“For what?” Dean asked.
“I don’t want you to get hurt either,” Castiel said, cradling Dean’s face. “So, you can’t get jealous like that. It’s not fair. To keep this secret, I have to do things neither of us will like.”
“I am not!” she protested.
Dean was in a shitty mood all day so he turned to his music after dinner. He would have loved to take his dad’s old Impala for a spin and crank the music but he couldn’t. The Impala would be going somewhere Dean knew he couldn’t follow.
“Are you sure?” Dean asked.
Cas hummed along Dean’s dick as he sucked and bobbed, adding a hand to massage his balls.
Cas laughed. “Asshole.”
That reassured Cas who looked up and smiled. It had only been a couple months but it felt better than anything Dean had before.
Castiel immediately took the wire back to Henriksen and Mills.
“Dean…” Sam said, confused.
“Yup. He was drinking when we showed up. Said he was taking the day off from work.”
“It really did,” Cas agreed.
“No shit?” Dean said. He never would have guessed that. Zachariah as an uncle probably sucked something awful.
“All right,” Cas said, sounding disappointed, “well, I’ll see you later.”
“Do you want me to go?” she replied. “We can watch another time.”
Dean reluctantly obeyed and walked around but he kept his back to Zachariah so he could keep scowling.
“Have any of you ever actually been drunk before?” Garth asked. He tentatively took a slow pull, wincing as the vodka went down. He passed the bottle to Charlie.
“What do you mean?” Jo glared. Cas threw his hands up in the air defensively. He only just met Jo but he knew he wouldn’t want to get on her bad side.
Pants were ditched next, briefs now the only thing on either them as they made out and moved against each other.
“I know but we have to take care of it,” Sam shrugged, somehow in a good mood.
Dean saw Lucifer’s eyes dart to his right hand where he went to twist the ring that wasn’t there. He immediately dropped his hands to his side.
Before his brain caught up to the rest of his body, Dean had his lips pressed firmly to Castiel’s. His lips were softer than Dean would have guessed. He thought he made a mistake and misread things but Castiel let out a desperate whine and kissed him back. Their lips slid together, and Dean’s brain short-circuited.
“I hope you’re going to help me eat all of that,” Cas joked.
“Are you her boyfriend or something?” Dean asked. The guess made sense to him.
“I’m bisexual and fooled around with Cas but he wanted to be official and go on dates and stuff but I blew him off and really hurt him, but I really want to go on a date with him, please help me,” Dean managed in one breath.
“What are you smiling about?” Dean said, looking up.
“Fine,” Chuck conceded. “You’re going to spend the night here then they’ll probably move you tomorrow to somewhere where you’ll be until the preliminary hearing.”
“Nothing, it’s just that another
“You don’t know that much about me,” Cas pointed out. “What would you like to know?”
“How are you so good at this?” Dean asked.
Dean heard the door shut and Cas say it was clear so he rolled back out from under the bed.
Cas quickly rolled the condom on while Dean watched and eagerly licked his lips. Cas lined up at Dean’s entrance and slowly pushed in, making Dean cry out with his head thrown back. He was grateful for Cas’s skilled prepwork, feeling only a slight stretch that was definitely more pleasure than pain.
He climbed back into bed and held Dean, rubbing soothingly on the back of his neck and his stomach.
“Sorry, man. Look, I know…” Dean paused. “Why is your shirt inside out?”
Dean was the smoking hot bad boy who drank, cursed and did terribly in school not to mention the fighting. No teacher in their school wanted Dean Winchester in their classroom because he either hit on them or talked back or both when he even bothered to show up.
“Right, the snitching,” Henriksen figured. “I’m guessing that’s why your boyfriend was all huffy?”
“Bye,” Dean said, accepting her hug.
“No, your douchebag of a cousin has that covered.”
He let go of Dean’s hand to put one on his shoulder and the other at the back of his neck. Cas pulled him closer as he ran his fingers through his hair, which was incredibly soft.
“Okay, well, can I give you advice?”
They reached their stop and got off the train.
“That’s a lot for someone to take on, to raise a younger sibling.”
“I’m starting to see that,” Meg said.
He did want this, had for a while, but he had to be sure Cas was okay with it.
Some students murmured to their friends next to them about the bold new T.A. Mills didn’t seem to have a response, shook her head, and continued with her lecture.
With deliberate purpose and not breaking eye contact, Cas sank to his knees on the library’s rich carpet. Dean could hardly breathe, and his heart pounded.
“Well, yeah, but…”
“Oh, they’re um, actually they…”
“Dad…”
Dean kept moving his hips, loving the feeling and friction on his hardening dick, as he looked at Cas’s tattoos covering his chest and arms. He knew there were more on his back. It really was too bad he ever wore a shirt.
“Evening, gents,” Benny said with his slight Southern twang.
The company Christmas party, where jealousy and smut ensue.
“This is your fault you know,” Cas continued.
Once they got there, Dean pulled Cas in for a kiss in the front seat of the Impala.
“You shouldn’t be smoking,” a voice on Dean’s right said. He didn’t hear anyone walk up and was inhaling when he was startled.
“DEAN WINCHESTER.”
“Guys, seriously?” Sam quipped. “There are other people in the room.”
“Yes sir,” Dean said, taking a drink of Coke.
Dean smiled. This was turning out to be one of the best days he’d ever had. Cas took him back, they would come back to Lawrence and it seemed like John was finally getting his head out of his ass.
“That’s not what I meant,” Cas said quietly, finally taking a bite of his pie. Dean took a small, second bite.
“Is this boyfriend where you got this new attitude from?” John asked.
“What’s going on here?” Dean asked.
Dean thought with an eye roll and a snicker. Castiel aimed a bitchface at him rivaling Sam’s.
Cas must have looked down as well and glanced at his watch. It had gotten later than they had thought. He got up and thanked Dean before heading to the door to go to his own room.
Dean thought about Cas dry-humping him until he came but ignored that before he actually did it.
Dean sighed in relief as the tension seemed to pass. They finished packing up and Charlie hurried him, saying she was starving. Dean heard his own stomach growl.
“Thanks, Jo,” Dean winked.
“Please, fuck me. Want you so bad,” Dean said, slightly mumbling with his face in a pillow.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Cas said, sitting up to look at Dean, “Just a little tired but today was amazing.”
“We don’t have the evidence anymore! It’s just Crowley’s word against ours if they find him with the grades from Zach’s office. Your cousins have to listen to Crowley or they’re screwed. So we’re safe! From them and from getting kicked out,” Dean said.
“I can’t remember when I didn’t,” Dean admitted.
“What about Ruby?” Sam asked in a small voice.
Charlie laughed.
“Trust me,” Cas said and Dean relaxed a little. That reminder that he could trust Cas, of course he could, was enough to calm him down so he could breathe normally.
Dean looked away.
Castiel still hadn’t let go of Dean’s arm and tried to steer him towards the track in the school’s stadium. Dean shrugged him off and pushed him away with both hands against his chest.
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand.
“Seriously…why do we have to come to the mall? At this time of year?” Cas complained. Sure the lights and decorations were nice and the Santa in the center of the mall was a nice touch but parking had been a nightmare and the amount of people crowding the building was practically suffocating Cas.
Of course, Dean telling Sam to
“Can we go somewhere else?” he asked.
Before checking into a motel room several miles from the apartment for the night, Dean stopped at a liquor store. It was very late now and several less than friendly characters were lurking around inside the store and out. He purchased his whiskey with his fake I.D, a more expensive brand than usual because why the hell not at this point, and walked out.
“And you already know about my family,” Cas said.
“Yeah, who is it?” Dean demanded, not lifting his eyes off the page.
Cas detected a little bit of wary hesitation, almost like Crowley was scared of the cool, almost bored looking blonde man. Dean and Benny tensed as the guys shook hands and Cas guessed the rest of the gang behind them did, too. This man exuded a power and confidence that instilled fear. All he had to do was walk in and it was obvious he meant business. The name helped, too.
“Any trouble?” Mills asked. Cas shook his head.
Dean figured he could just show Cas what he meant instead.
“I knew you have a bookworm look,” Dean said, pleased with himself.
ONE WEEK AFTER THE PREGNANCY ANNOUNCEMENT
“Well, you got a one hundred percent on my final and you’re the first kid to do that, so I’d say so,” Henriksen said.
“What if he does?” Cas exclaimed, dropping his head in his hands.
“You kind of live close, we’re only a few blocks away,” Sam pointed out.
Dean immediately began chatting up a busty blonde who was giggly and drinking martinis while Dean sipped his whiskey.
“Yeah, if you want to be, I mean…” Dean said in a nervous rush.
“Yeah, cause you scared me,” Dean countered.
With that look and the sauce on his nose, Cas had to crack up.
“So, you’re good?” Cas wondered.
The waitress brought their beers and food so Dean thanked her and winked before digging in. He wasn’t turning off his charm. If Castiel had a problem, he could come and say so himself.
“Are you sure?” Cas asked.
“Whatever. I’m going to go take a shower,” Dean answered.
“Thank you, let them in,” Cas said.
Dean began kissing Cas again, whose hands hadn’t moved, and gradually moved on top of him. The kiss grew more heated as Dean straddled Cas’s lap. Dean slid a hand under Cas’s black T-shirt, making Cas moan into Dean’s mouth. Dean kissed with more fervor, grabbing Cas’s face and pushing his tongue into Cas’s mouth.
Jo walked away and Dean and Benny looked at Cas expectantly, who still hadn’t picked up the remaining shot glass. Cas was kind of regretting coming into the bar. He had let himself believe, briefly, that Dean wasn’t an asshole but he was wrong. Maybe there wasn’t anything else under the tough guy act like Cas had hoped.
“Not sure.”
“I am thankful, though,” Dean said, holding Cas’s hand. “Thankful to have you back in my life.”
“Absolutely,” Dean agreed, swallowing hard.
“Now, on the subject of your father, he borrowed a significant sum of money from me and failed to repay me before his death, so…”
“What?”
“Balthazar.”
Before classes, Dean went to pick up his own starchy and stiff green uniform, complete with name tag. There was a change of uniform as well as a more formal uniform and many sweats and t-shirts with the school’s logo on it for casual wear and for exercising and drills. There was no chance in taking them back to his room and being on time to his first class so that’s exactly what he did. He at least changed quickly and hurried to his history class where Benny said he would save him a seat.
Dean couldn’t argue there. Everyone did know that. They knew who he was because of the stories of how many people, boys and girls, he had slept with. This guy was a legend.
“So, you’re my PD?” Dean asked with slight amusement as Chuck sat down across from him, taking in the disgruntled man with the beard.
Cas just shrugged in response to Lucifer’s comment while trying to maintain eye contact. The guy had a fierce gaze that made Cas want to look down. Cas could feel Crowley’s eyes glaring a hole through his skull from his left side. Disrespect wasn’t taken lightly by guys like Lucifer, especially in this line of work or this neighborhood.
Cas woke up and quickly tried to push Dean away and swung at him without realizing who it was.
“See, they did it because they are under the impression that you are snitching to the cops,” Crowley responded, his two attack dogs still obediently quiet at his side.
“Yes I can,” Cas complained.
His voice was low and his gaze intense. Seeing Castiel this possessive was actually a pretty big turn-on for Dean. It was a little surprising to see how much he cared after his disappearing act.
“You’ve made that abundantly clear,” Dean snapped. “So, maybe don’t hang over here.”
“Dean…got shot. I’m at the hospital now,” Cas said, the pressure from holding tears in too much and a couple fell down his cheeks.
Sam pursed his lips and nodded. He hopped out of bed and stuffed his clothes in a bag. Dean did the same, shrugged on his dad’s leather jacket, and they stepped quietly into the hall.
“Yeah, what about her?”
“Who told you what?”
“Ssshh, baby,” Cas said, “unless you want someone to figure out who’s lucky enough to be in my room.”
They took off together down the alley and almost made it to the main street when a cop car blocked their way. The blue and red lights were nearly blinding. Castiel barely saw Dean, who was right next to him, but he saw him throw something to his left by the dumpsters. Cas barely registered that fact since there were cops in front of them.
As Dean tried to catch his breath, Cas stood. He stepped out of his own pants and briefs before joining Dean on the bed.
“What is this, Dean?”
That was news to Dean.
“No.”
“You…what? Really?” Dean asked, eyes wide at that dropped bomb.
“Garth, why do I know that guy?”
“Oh shit, yes. Cas, yes,” Dean managed, hips jutting off the bed.
They stayed snuggled as Cas spoke.
“Oh my God, baby, what did they do to you?”
Cas didn’t bother trying to hide them but did blush a little. He almost forgot about those but they were a good memory, adding more heat to his warm face.
“So that’s not flirting?” Dean accused, smoking and not caring if the smoke went towards Cas.
“Okay,” Dean said with a sigh. “Zachariah has been keeping us here without paying me to repay a debt Dad owed. If I tried anything, he threatened you, so I kept quiet.”
Dean took a deep breath. He knew he didn’t have to answer and Cas would be cool about it but he wanted to tell someone and there was no one else here. Plus, Cas was a good listener.
“Charlie, I don’t think that’s a good idea. He kind of hates me.”
“I don’t…” Dean temporarily lost his train of thought as Cas’s lips pressed down on his, “don’t just want to be a distraction,” he finished when Cas paused.
“Come on, Cas, take a shot with us,” Dean goaded.
He felt like he lacked skill in this area but the sounds Dean let out made him think again. Dean tangled his hands in Cas’s hair as he brought him to climax.
Dean didn’t want to feel sorry for the arrogant dick, but Dean wondered if anyone seriously worried about Castiel.
“Hey, I’m hilarious,” Dean retorted, drinking his beer.
They sat down to a simple meal of steaks John threw on the grill with mashed potatoes he could just throw in the microwave. It didn’t surprise Dean that there was no vegetable included, not that he was complaining. Sam was the health nut of the family. John probably didn’t have a single vegetable in the house and Dean could say the same of himself.
“We don’t have to if you don’t want to Cas,” Dean said, “it’s not a big deal.”
“Oh my God, finally. A good burger,” Dean said, staring intently at his burger as he picked it up and bit into it. It was the perfect thing to clear his mind.
“No,” Castiel replied, “my brother.”
He trailed off as Dean closed his mouth around the tip of Cas’s dick and slid down eagerly. A little too eagerly it turned out as Dean choked when the tip was at the back of his throat.
“If other you was helping humans, did he smell like humanity?”
“That’s why he’s challenging you.”
“I never knew...” Dean said, panting slightly. “I do too, you know. Love you, I mean.”
“Ready?” Dean asked.
For a mansion on an enormous estate owned by elite snobs, the architects didn’t spread their generosity to the servants’ quarters of the house. Their puny room barely fit two narrow beds with a nightstand between them and one dresser. The boys didn’t own much and had shared a room before. Their old apartment had one bedroom and their father John, more often than not, drank until he passed out on their ancient, hole-ridden couch. At least this place smelled better and they had their own beds.
Castiel trailed off. Dean gave him a funny look, still not sure why he cared if he stayed or not. He shook it off.
“What is he doing here?” Cas snapped. “Did you get dragged into this?”
“I… what? No way,” Cas asked, looking at Gabriel with disbelief.
Wednesday morning, the day before Thanksgiving, Dean said goodbye to Charlie and Benny who were both headed home. Benny was flying all the way back to Louisiana and Charlie was visiting an aunt who lived nearby to the academy. Garth stopped in to say bye and gave them all hugs which Dean reluctantly reciprocated. The kid was quirky but was growing on him slowly.
Cas smiled, glad Dean suggested it.
“Okay,” Dean conceded, sighing in relief that Cas didn’t give up on him. “Than we keep whatever this is going. But I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Dean felt Cas’s nervousness again. He almost asked him about it but decided not to. If something was wrong, Cas would tell him. He trusted him.
Gabriel just wiggled his eyebrows.
“You?” Cas asked, disbelief on his face.
As tempting as it was to watch Cas fuck into his own fist and come on his own stomach, Dean really wanted to return the favor he received on his birthday. He hadn’t given head since his Dad caught him with that guy.
The Roadhouse was the local cop bar and of course John checked there since his friend Ellen owned the damn place. Her husband used to be a really good cop and John’s partner before he died on duty. John never talked about it and Dean never asked.
“Let me go,” Dean said, low and threateningly. “I’m not running your damn laps.”
him to call, but that was different.
The direct order went right to Dean’s dick and he did what he was told, liking it more than he would probably admit.
“Like what?”
It was great to hear his old friend’s voice and he should have done this sooner.
“Which I am not,” Castiel emphasized.
“It was my mother’s,” Dean explained. “She died, and my dad melted it down and made it bigger.”
Cas worried himself about about Dean. He tried calling him again but still no answer. Benny had gone inside to make sure Dean hadn’t come to the party and somehow slipped past him.
“Nope,” Dean countered when Cas guessed that out loud, “the fun isn’t over.”
“Huh. You guys are quick,” Dean observed. He had only known he was coming here for about a week. The school only knew for about five days.
“I’m going to go home this weekend.”
“After last night?” Dean scoffed. “No way.”
“Hey Cas,” Dean greeted, relieved to see Castiel relaxing on his bed.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said with a grin.
“You believe that right?” Cas asked. Dean cautioned a glance at him. Cas looked like he desperately needed Dean to believe how smart Cas thought he was.
As much as Dean wanted to take all three of them on, the look on Cas’s face was pleading for him to drop it.
Ben played with the cars for another fifteen minutes before he wanted to play a board game. Castiel wanted to play Risk but Dean thought that be a little much for an eight year old so they settled on Life.
He flung the door open, cold of the night and fear chilling him immediately. Running towards the sound, he almost slipped in a puddle. It didn’t dawn on him that it was raining until then.
“Watch it, Winchester,” Henriksen said, all joking aside as he lowered his flashlight out of their faces.
“I stand corrected,” Dean said softly, looking into Cas’s eyes and still getting butterflies.
Dean paid and drove Cas home to his parents’ house where he stayed when he was in town. He had an apartment by his school and the distance had been trying for Dean and Cas but it was almost over. Cas would be home soon, for good, and Dean had an idea of what home might mean for the two of them.
Dean had to know.
Castiel just shook his head. The door opened and the other cop returned. Castiel nodded his thanks before chugging the whole cup. He felt marginally better.
Cas looked confused.
“I drank a little too much and just passed out on a random futon,” Dean lied. “When I woke up, my phone was dead, I charged it when I got back a little while ago.”
“Cas…” Dean said in a warning tone, not wanting to go there.
“Aren’t you here on full scholarship? He can’t threaten to stop paying.”
“Did I do…”
“The whole town knows us and they’ll…”
“Sick. But he didn’t want me to tell you. Couldn’t appear weak,” Benny lied, puffing on his smoke.
“Of course I did. Why wouldn’t I?”
However comfortable they could be in the mansion, Dean knew if they stayed he would essentially work for free. He couldn’t ever move them out even if he wanted to.
Lucifer grinned, knowing it would mean Sam would owe him a favor.
His phone buzzed and he looked to see a text from Cas.
“That…he can’t! You can come stay here, you and Sam, and…”
“I’m not lying.”
“Sure, sure,” Lucifer crossed his arms. “I have a counter offer. My brothers come back and we beat the snot out of you and your buddy here. We might not get along but we agree on one thing. You are trash and have no business with our cousin.”
He didn’t want to argue with his brother but John’s fuck-up wouldn't ruin his brother’s junior year. The kid had the ACT to take and needed to keep his grades up. For Dean, it was a long shot he even went to college in the first place. He didn’t matter, Sam did.
Cas raised his hands in surrender before pulling the sucker out his mouth with a pop. Dean remembered the vodka bottle and the cigarette and now the sucker and spoke without thinking.
“So was I.”
Dean got home after dinner with Castiel and immediately went to the kitchen cabinet to grab the whiskey. Sam was at the table doing homework and raised his eyebrows but didn’t say anything.
“Dad? What’s up?”
“Your groveling needs some work but fine, I’ll help you,” Cas agreed.
Shirts finally off, Cas only took a quick second to run a hand over Dean’s chest before pushing him back onto the bed.
“Me too,” Dean grinned. “Wouldn’t have been right not having you here.”
“I can’t say I’m okay with this but I’m not saying I won’t ever be,” John said, maybe the most honest thing Dean had ever heard him say. “I just need time but you’re my son and I…”
Dean took that to mean that they wouldn’t be working together in Cas’s office. Fine. If Cas was going to ignore him, that was fine. Dean was bigger than that and he could get over it.
