Tony flicked a look at Clint that told the archer that he was well aware of what he was doing, then scowled at Nat. "Look, this isn't just about you. There are three of you who need to be fixed or spend the rest of your lives in these cells. Or just be put down. Either way, the reason we're all here is because the team's decided that that's worse than... than..." Tony clenched his jaw and swallowed hard, trying his best to keep it together. "Just shut up and take it."
Pressed into his seat between Thor and Scott, Logan was watching the archer less intensely but just as warily. Clint looked at that weapon like it was made of solid gold, and it was hard to miss the odd flicker in the archer's eyes whenever his hand brushed against the handle. //Sure as hell hope everyone knows what we're doin' with this thing.// He glanced back to Scott. "You alright?"
"Talkin' ain't the route we need to go with this clown. Just ask Coulson," Logan snapped.
"You really are," Phil answered, palming Clint's cock for a moment before fumbling with his zipper between them and shoving down his underwear until he could feel the other man hot and hard in his hand. He reversed their positions in a heartbeat, shoving Clint against the wall and then sliding to his knees. He'd taken a second to tuck himself back into his underwear first but not much else. It was more important to show Clint just how wanted he was. Suspecting that the other man didn't have the patience for a lot of screwing around, Phil went for it, sucking Clint down to the base in one go, his eyes locked on the other man's face.
Tony moaned softly, squirming underneath Steve's powerful form. It was a definite turn-on to know that Steve could have probably broken him in half but chose to be incredibly gentle. Tony met the other man's eyes and felt a slight shiver go through him entirely apart from his arousal. He tried not to think about it, not quite ready to let emotion lead in the encounter, even as he was starting to realize his interest in getting his fellow Avenger into bed had been more than hormonal. "Feels good," he managed, his voice faintly shaky as he shifted against the touch. Managing to regain his wits a little bit, Tony wrapped his fingers around Steve's cock and stroked slowly. "You can gimme more... Please..." It wasn't like him to be so polite in bed, but Tony was painfully aware of his position when it came to who was the strongest of them, and he kind of liked deferring control for once.
"Yes, she was," Tony agreed with a solemn nod. "Thank you for saying so." Pushing away memories he leaned over Steve, his arms reaching around the other man as he typed in another search. "I'm not the only one with fans." Links to Captain America websites sprang up, several of which Tony had taken the time to explore after meeting Steve. "There's pictures from the war," he explained, straightening and allowing Steve a chance to look for himself, "but mostly the propaganda films you did. Very nice." Tony grinned, adding, "You might be called back into service. In front of the cameras, I mean. The world could use some morale nowadays."
Coulson stared directly back at the other man and continued to eat at a normal human pace until Tony got completely disgusted. Finally he relented with a hint of a smile. Coulson gathered his coffee to drink while he likely sat waiting outside the room again. He knew Tony wasn't helpless. He also knew Tony didn't do well alone in times of crisis, so he pitched in as Stark's chauffeur service without complaint. Knowing that Steve was on the mend made his morning a few thousand times better, and he knew it did the same for Tony. They found most of the staff they encountered downstairs looking far less harried and far more rested. Some of them even smiled as they made their way to Steve's room. Outside the door, Coulson leaned against the wall. "Go on. We both know who he wants to see."
Clint caught himself watching the interaction a little too closely and forced himself to look away. //Well, there's some wank fodder,// he reflected. It wasn't news that the two were together, of course, but getting to witness it first hand was a little more visceral. He wondered absently if they'd be interested in letting him play but dismissed it when he saw how they were looking at each other. Instead, he cleared his throat and held up his wrists. "Uh, if you guys are done, I think I'd like to go somewhere I don't have to be treated like a prisoner. Lunch. Lunch would be good."
Phil sighed and ventured, "How much do you know without us telling you?"
"Love you, too," Tony murmured, holding his lover tight. It hurt to think that he might have to make the sacrifice that meant leaving Steve behind. Steve needed him, and he needed Steve, and losing that was way more terrifying than getting killed.
Phil jumped up and was ready to fight before his body had time to register that doing so hurt like hell. It didn't stop him from remaining tense and poised within reach of the pair. "Slept like a baby," he answered, breathing heavily from the shot of adrenaline but maintaining a perfect poker face. It wasn't the time to show just how bad things were inside. He clung to the idea of their eventual escape and his eventual and inevitable opportunity to tear Creed limb from limb. In the meantime, it was about the two of them maintaining enough strength and sanity to survive it all and come out on the other side.
Scott laughed at that and began to move. He didn't mind the commanding grip. There was something thrilling about knowing that Logan could take charge anytime he wanted. Given their situation, Scott knew he should have been scared. He'd always been smart, a survivor, but he couldn't bring himself to be scared. Instead he did his best to keep to his promise of starting off slow even as it drove him crazy not slamming himself down onto Logan and taking everything he could with every thrust.
Clint woke the next day, momentarily confused as to where he was. It lasted only a few seconds, though, and he smiled a little as he realized the waist his arm was draped around was Phil's. With a smile, he pressed himself closer, feeling a tad mischievous as he let morning wood press against the other man's ass. Phil hadn't seemed to have any issues with him being turned on the night before, and he was feeling a touch more confident that morning.
Steve blushed at that. He'd never been able to afford glasses before despite needing them, and the thought of bothering hadn't even occurred to him. That it had to Tony was a gesture of attentive sweetness that he made a note to reward the man for later. "Thanks," he answered, stealing a kiss as the door opened. "I think this is your stop. I'll head up and make myself more presentable. You try not to convince Bruce to kill you." Steve put a hand up to stop the elevator doors from closing. "No serum talk, okay? That's... that's a talk I need to be part of too when and if the time comes. Loki's our problem right now." He waited until he got at least tacit agreement from Tony before letting the doors close behind the man.
Bruce quietly followed Steve and Tony toward the hangar, not missing the changed energy between the two men. Deciding to save any quips about it for a less tense moment, he opted for a different topic, "So, that Logan guy... went through his files. Seems a little crazy."
Logan had the decency to feel a little awkward at that. //Might, actually,// he thought to himself, but kept his mouth shut. He absently wondered how the gash in Tony's back was healing up but didn't figure it was appropriate to ask. "Yeah, you wouldn't think so, just to meet 'em," he put in, hoping that was enough to avoid raising suspicion. "And she's right. He's worse, the better you get to know 'im."
Steve's emotions rolled from fury that Loki would pose as him to disbelief that Tony had continued on even knowing to anger again that Loki had threatened his lover's life. When Tony confessed that he'd been with Loki even knowing that he didn't have to be and knowing exactly who he was with, Steve felt his heart stop for a second. Somehow the combination of hearing the words and seeing the guilt on Tony's face combined to leave Steve utterly terrified. They hadn't been together long. He knew that. So it wasn't crazy for Tony to... Steve tried to stop the train of thought, but the seed had already been planted, and he had to swallow several times around the lump in his throat before he could speak again. It would at least explain why Tony was suddenly so eager to have Loki on the team. "And now? Do you... is... I can go," he murmured, feeling sick all over again at the idea of going back to his room alone. "We don't have to do this just because... you don't owe me anything, Tony."
Bruce looked up from his food. "Tony, I'm not sure I want to know how you found that out."
Loki kept silent. None of them would believe anything he said, and having Thor walking solemnly beside him was maddening. He wanted to stick his foot out and trip the man, which in addition to being wildly juvenile would have accomplished nothing. "You don't seem as happy to hear of my impending death sentence as I would have expected," he finally grated out, casting his gaze over to see whether Thor flinched at the observation. "No great feast to celebrate the end to your troubles?"
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
"Alive," Scott answered. His tone was dull. He couldn't help sounding and feeling defeated. They were, honestly. "He took Tony."
In the wake of the spell, Frigga sagged, looking ready to fall over, and Sif closed in to bolster her without a word. Natasha swept her gaze to the Hulk, glad to see he was holding himself in for the moment. She hoped that if things went well, they'd have Bruce back in short order. "So," she ventured after a brief silence, "long time no see." The woman squared her shoulders and took a tentative step closer. If Thor really wasn't back to himself and decided to lash out, she preferred taking the hit to leaving Frigga or Sif in the path of destruction. They both had a better chance of taming an angry Thor in the end than she did herself. "I think we need to have a nice, long talk not involving so much punching. What d'ya say?"
That was all the cue it took for Steve to take the helm. "Agent Coulson, you're with Widow, Hawkeye, and Logan." If anyone in the world could hope to keep Logan in check, it would be Phil Coulson. Barring that, Natasha wasn't likely to let anyone step out of line unless the situation called for it. "Mr. Summers, would you be willing to take point here with Fawkes, keep us up to date on the big picture?"
"It would be more therapeutic," Steve agreed. He held onto Tony as tightly as he dared. After days of having the man in the hospital and not being able to really be wrapped up with him, it was heaven. Even with his worry over Natasha, even with Loki possibly on his way to a dangerous artifact, Steve felt blissful. He closed his eyes and sighed out a breath. "You're right - this is definitely more like it. I really didn't like sleeping without you."
Tony had missed the conversation, but not the projection of his work on the board. "Still trying to figure it out?" he asked, sounding almost irritable. The last thing he needed was to be stuck on this project with two bumbling-
Scott was glad to be in Logan's room. He'd make sure to eradicate every trace of what had happened with Clint from his later, but for the moment he wanted a clean slate. Logan's room reminded him of those first few days back and the burgeoning realization that he felt safer with Logan than anyone else. "And here you haven't even tasted half of me tonight," Scott teased as he gripped Logan's hips and ground their bodies together. He was still covered with healing bruises himself, and warned quietly, "Just watch the dark spots. I look like a banana that's a couple days over its sale by date right now."
"I don't think we want to play blackmail games, Barton. Somewhere I have footage of Natasha putting you in women's underwear. My choice of sleepwear is pretty far down the list," Coulson countered with a smile. He had no such footage, of course, but it felt like a safe bet to say it had happened. Besides, he enjoyed the fact that Clint was willing to have fun with him. He loved Natasha too in a very different way, but Phil would never have tried the sort of verbal sparring with her that he engaged in so freely with Clint. "You're just jealous because you don't think I have a pair with little arrows on them too."
Fury's gaze drifted to Tony. "I'll get to that in a minute. Glad you're not dead. Assuming you're you, and not some sort of Asgardian voodoo standing in my office."
"That is a very reasonable request," Natasha agreed, though she also pushed the water closer to Scott, "as long as you have some of that too. I won't be there to enjoy it, but morning after puking isn't sexy."
"Oh... fuck, that's it," Clint growled, pressing his hips upward and watching the look on Darien's face. His shaft throbbed as it slowly sank into the nearly painful tightness of his partner's body, and the grip on Darien's hips tightened to the point of bruising. He loved it. Clint loved the power he felt, having that much control, keeping his uniform on as Darien writhed, exposed, on top of him, and enjoyed every second of it. "Mmm... god, look at you. You fucking love this." His hand tangled in Darien's hair once more, tugging until the man's gaze locked with his own. "Tell me you're mine," he ordered.
Letting everyone else take the first hits really just made sense. Loki strode in as Pyro careened off his feet and came back up, spitting mad and looking slightly ridiculous. Powerful as Magneto's companions were, few of them seemed to have much grace. He caught sight of Mystique ducking a roundhouse punch and couldn't help smile. She was a rather striking departure from that rule. "Ah... Hawkeye. It's been far too long. I believe you have something of mine."
Natasha helped Steve find his feet and got the door, bumping it open with her hip. She cast a pointed glance at Coulson, who immediately texted word to the medical staff to close in and be ready with a stretcher.
"Mmm hmm. You're more than deep enough." Steve stole a kiss while he started the water, "Besides, I know Bruce wouldn't sleep with you. He likes you too much to risk killing you. Most of the time." Tony knew how to push buttons better than anyone else in the entire world. If anyone could bring out the big guy during the course of normal conversation, it was Tony Stark. "Now get in here and get clean. Then you're sleeping. Whether I follow you to the lab like a puppy or not, we both need sleep first. I haven't gotten to fall asleep next to you in days. If you won't do it for you, do it for me."
Scott appreciated the sentiment but shook his head. "This is your team. What you and Captain Rogers decide works is fine. It pissed me off when people," he cast a pointed glance at Logan, "tried to get in the way of me doing my job. I'll get used to not being in charge."
Coulson hesitated. It was tempting. Even knowing the dangers inherent in saying yes, it was tempting. He wanted to know so badly that there were nights he could focus on little else but the itch of memory at the back of his mind. Sometimes he could almost see parts of it, see something beyond the massages and daiquiris that felt too picturesque to be real. "I don't want you in my head," he finally bit out.
Victor smirked, running his hands over Phil's sides, letting claw marks raise angry red welts along the man's flanks. "Gonna make you mine..." he breathed, running his tongue along the ridge of Phil's ear.
It didn't take any further urging. Steve followed the gurney as Tony was moved into the back of the ambulance. "Looks like you might not get rid of me that easy."
"Giving up on all the fun we can have just the two of us?" Phil pressed. He didn't want Creed to touch him. He wanted less for Creed to touch Clint. He'd read enough about Clint's time with Loki to know there were some files even he couldn't tolerate reading all of. If there was a chance he could keep it from happening again, he'd take the gamble. "I'd hate to think you're already disappointed."
“Because I want to,” Steve answered, still uncertain of how Tony was taking the gesture. He could see the wheels turning in Tony’s dark eyes. “What happened… it happened to you. You didn’t choose it. If I could go back and make it not happen, if I could be awake to protect you instead… I’d give anything to fix it.” As badly as he wanted to grab Tony and hold him close, Steve held back, giving Tony his space. “All I can do is tell you that I should’ve said something sooner. I should’ve let you know that I’m crazy about you. I think maybe it started that night at the fundraiser. I’d never really let myself think about it, and once I started to… I know this is the worst time to tell you and maybe the worst way. I just know things might’ve been different if I’d told you in the first place. You deserve to know how much I care about you.”
"They are rather exhausted after the ordeal, sir, and have requested a reprieve until the morning."
"You can't squeeze a text out of it. Technology doesn't work that way," Tony pointed out. When he got a dirty look, he shrugged. "Look, I wanna know what's going on, too, but brutalizing your phone isn't going to make that happen, soooo..." He patted the bed beside him. "You could come sit over here. Lemme smell your aftershave." Tony couldn't bring himself to use the world 'cuddle,' but that was definitely what he was craving.
"Is not something you're going to be getting anywhere near anytime soon, Agent Barton," Fury replied, then looked back to the Stark and Banner. "Time for you two to go work some fucking witchcraft. Fitz-Simmons are at your disposal."
Scott just let himself enjoy for a moment before venturing, "Just... one more finger, maybe, then... I'm not feeling really patient right now." He swallowed hard and tried to remember that both of them having a little control in the moment would make the whole thing better in the long run. Rushing would take discomfort into pain, and Scott wanted it to be good not just for himself but for Logan. He had no intention of it being a one time deal. //Patience is a virtue,// Scott reminded himself firmly. "A little more," he repeated as if to convince himself to take the extra time and care as well.
Clint nodded, already scanning for a more private place for them to slip away to, half surprised that Coulson was willing to play along. Not about to hesitate in case his handler changed his mind, the archer grabbed Coulson by the hand and dragged him to a quiet nook that he was well familiar with. Too buzzed to bother with words, Clint clamped his hands on Coulson's hips and pressed him against the wall. He pressed beer-tinged lips to Phil's, molding himself hotly against the other man and giving his hips a long, slow roll against Coulson's.
Steve's eyes widened in sudden panic. He lifted his other hand and stared at it, blinking, as if the view might suddenly change. Steve fought for breath, but it grew harder even with the mask as the reality of what had happened settled in. Before he could even try to talk again, the doctor was entering the room again.
"Anyone ever tell you that you look like you're going to snap any second when you smile like that?"
Nervous at first, Clint's muscles uncoiled as Phil slowly examined his hands. The contact was simple, soft and gentle and strangely perfect. The archer realized he'd stopped breathing and reminded himself to inhale as gentle fingers traced over hard earned calluses and scars, and Clint found himself surprised by how good it felt. It was intense and intimate on a level Clint hadn't realized existed. Looking up at Phil, his cheeks flushed faintly pink. He felt more exposed and vulnerable in that moment than he ever had in the field or with his clothes off. "Cou -  Phil... feels good," he murmured, smiling hesitantly. He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt nervous fluttering in his stomach when someone touched him. Probably when he was a teenager.
"Definitely," Clint agreed, squirming a little until he was laying on his injuries in the least painful way possible. He pressed himself against Phil and pulled Nat close to him, sighing happily. He'd barely gotten his face pressed comfortably into the crook of Phil's neck before he was out like a light.
Loki's gaze shifted away, and he was surprised by how much the reality of that statement hurt. He didn't realize until then that he'd actually let himself think for a moment that there might be any corner of the universe so strange that he might find a home in it. "No, I suppose that's the right of it. I've never been terribly good at trusting anyone, and they've never had any reason in particular to trust me." Loki had wondered from time to time which issue had fed the other, or if they'd simply come together, already nestled inside him when he was born. "I suppose that means there isn't really any hope for either of us, Mr. Stark. More's the pity."
"You should keep an eye on Stark. We should get going." He smiled slyly at Clint. "I'll drive." All Clint had to do to dent a car was look at it. "Nobody touches Lola but me." He nodded to Steve. "I'll text you when we're on the way back."
An eager hand drifted down Steve's side to his knee, hooking the limb up a bit before sliding back up. Rough fingertips again slipped between the blonde's ass cheeks, one lightly grazing his entrance before pushing insistently inside. Logan placed a few more bites on Steve's throat and rumbled his pleasure as he anticipated what it would be like to finally be inside that perfectly tight heat. The feral mutant was beyond words, beyond much more than doing and feeling and exploring every inch of the powerful man beneath him.
"This place is reinforced, right?" Scott asked, though he didn't really wait for an answer before he stopped talking and started focusing. It wasn't as easy as it had been with a visor. It took thought, and he had to use internal muscles - mental, for all he knew - to dilute the beam into something focused. It wasn't as clean as he would have liked, but Scott still managed to tear through the neck of the mock-up of Loki, and he couldn't help smiling at the effort.
It was, really. It was nothing against Victor, really, but Loki felt no need to gaze into the man's eyes or anything so ridiculous. He wanted to get fucked into the mattress. He rubbed himself back against Victor's thick cock and felt his breath catch at the feeling. The slick heft of it was promising to say the least. "Yes, this should do rather nicely." The pressure-points of pain where Victor's claws dug in were sharp but dulled soon to a lower throb of sensation that felt surprisingly like desire. "At least it will once you stop thinking and start fucking me."
Jemma beamed, relieved that she hadn't pushed too hard or assumed too much. "That," she replied as she took Bruce's hand, "sounds like perfection. Italian is my second favorite actually, right after Thai. Mostly tom kha soup. I have an absolute addiction to the stuff. And to manicotti. And cannoli. Thank God for excellent metabolism, actually, because I love to eat."
Clint swallowed hard, surprised at how much hearing that had hurt. Then, another realization caught up with him. "So, wait..." His voice shook, broke a little, and he took a deep breath. "Wait, you... oh." Phil had feelings for him. And not just the kind that happened below the belt. "Coulson... Phil." He waited until the other man looked at him and wished absently that he still had the empty mug to play with since his hands were fidgeting stupidly, and he didn’t want to spill the coffee. "Phil, I had no idea." He worried his bottom lip between his teeth for a moment, looking down at his coffee, taking a sip. As he set the cup back down, he realized he was shaking. He was scared. Not because the idea of dating Coulson sounded scary, but because he knew that he was sitting at a crossroads. One way, he maybe stayed friends with Phil, he kept occasionally fooling around with Nat and anyone else he could find, and hated himself for loving her. Or he tried something different. Something that might completely and totally destroy one of the few friendships he had. Clint scratched at the back of his neck. He could still feel Phil's gaze resting on him. He finally looked up at the other man, blue eyes almost pleading. "Phil... what if I said I needed to change things, that I don't want to love someone who can't love me, but I don't know how to do things any different?"
"Yes, I have noticed that," Loki answered. "Your little group of misfit toys holds a grudge almost as well as I do." Loki smiled faintly at the idea and the growing look of panic on Tony's face. He really hadn't thought it through before, but he obviously was now that he'd been prompted. "Eventually Creed will tire of them, and we'll release them into the wild. Or, if I haven't had my fill of you yet, then I'll keep them for a time as leverage." Loki reached out and ran his fingers over Tony's cheek. The movement halted as he noted the cast of his skin, the faint lines that seemed to be surfacing over it. "As far as the world is concerned, you're already a corpse. All that will be left to do when I've finished with you is make it true."
"F-fuck, Clint," he groaned, fingers moving to Clint's shoulders to keep from grabbing him by the back of the head. He could see the tears in Clint's eyes, but he wasn't stopping anyway, and it was sexy as hell. His mind still couldn't fully process that Clint was there and sucking him off. He knew from a practical standpoint that he should have probably cautioned Clint to stop or slow down. He didn't. He couldn't, frankly, since coming up with any sort of coherent words was becoming progressively more difficult.
Logan shifted a little and groaned miserably. His mouth tasted like he'd eaten a sack full of old pennies, and the rest of him felt like he'd been hit by a truck. But worse. The feeling was fading quickly, but he still took his time focusing on his surroundings. Weakly, he reached out and dragged Scott toward him, tugging until the man was laying against him. Logan was quiet, still absorbing the moment. He hesitated as certain scents finally hit him. He tensed, reminding himself to avoid leaping to conclusions. "Scott," he asked slowly, trying to keep his tone neutral, "what..." There was nothing he could ask that didn't sound like an accusation in his head. Finally, he settled for stating what he knew, "Barton was here."
Coulson couldn't help but be curious precisely as Clint had intended. He reached up to stroke his fingers through Clint's hair. "Something I don't know? I didn't know there were such things." He wasn't actually quite as much of a know it all as most of his coworkers tended to think, but Phil kept on top of things. He did his homework, so to speak, and it showed. Leaning down until his lips almost touched Clint's ear, he whispered, "Any way I could convince you to tell me sooner?"
>>>Earlier that night<<<
//Is he...? Nah.// Scott had been pretty obviously attached to Logan the last time he'd seen them together. He didn't have any reason to believe that the man was about to start playing the field. Not to mention, Logan didn't seem like the kind of guy who liked it when other people touched is stuff. Even in a cell, Clint kind of thought he might find a way to have him killed. "Yeah, kinda been a little crazy around here," Clint agreed, knocking the top off his own bottle before he took a swig. He raised his eyebrows appreciatively. "Good stuff. Might have to finish this. Can't waste good beer like that."
With Steve, Clint and Coulson all stalking in together, it took no time for them to scramble a secure cell to dump Logan in. "Sir, is he-"
Clint chuckled. "Will do. Though I still think she'd like an assortment of vodka and chocolate more."
Jemma stretched up and placed a quick kiss on Bruce's cheek, then looked entirely pleased with herself despite being red as a beet. They'd already established that a second date was a foregone conclusion. It seemed reasonable to assume that at least that small gesture might not be amiss. She hoped. Jemma cast a nervous glance Bruce's way. "I know that I need to get you back so that you can rest and prepare and... well, thank you for giving me such a big piece of the time you had today. With a place like this, time is probably the most valuable commodity we have."
Logan gladly obliged, his free hand tangling none-too-gently in Scott's hair. He ground himself against the man's thigh and groaned his arousal against his lover's perfect lips. He let go of Scott's cock for a moment to shove his own boxers down to his knees, then tugged Scott's up a bit. Logan swiped his hand over Scott's cock once more, gathering precum on his fingertips to smear on his lover's twitching hole. If Scott wanted to forget, Logan was going to make him; he slowly pushed the tip of one digit in, his tongue still sliding along Scott's, more or less fucking his mouth.
"Oh, I don't trust you. I'm not that dumb." Steve grinned as he climbed into bed and draped himself half over Tony. He sighed with relief at the contact and for a moment ignored baser urges to instead indulge the desire to lay his head on Tony's shoulder and listen to his heart beating. "I know it's dumb because I wasn't gone that long, but I was going crazy leaving you here alone. I just... I wanted to be here. If you wanted lunch, I wanted to get it or just... just whatever." Steve huffed out a laugh and kissed Tony's neck. "Glad I'm here now."
Logan's jaw tightened and he nodded, staring at Victor's still form. His expression sat somewhere between disgust and anger. He glanced at Natasha. "You know, too, then," he said. He shook his head. "If I had any idea of how to kill him, I'd recommend it to Fury in a heartbeat. That Fridge o' yours seems like the next best thing." He frowned, then glanced at Nat. He'd picked up on something else on the plane ride back, and it seemed like a bad idea not to tell someone. Preferably someone level-headed. "Somethin'... Stark's himself, far as I can tell, but..." He shifted uneasily, not quite sure how to put what he'd noticed. "He had Loki all over 'im."
Jemma managed a faint smile in return. "We all have our failings... and we both know that if you hadn't ultimately decided to help with the serum, Fitz and I might never have figured it out at all. Certainly not in time to be of help." It had been a near thing as it was, and judging from the way Steve had looked the last time she got a glimpse of him, it would still be a few days before he was back to normal. The cells were proving more sluggish to respond than she would've liked, mostly because so little of the serum had been left. "It isn't one person's fault, what happened... it... we all worked together. Even Mr. Stark. We didn't have another plan."
She sighed appreciatively. "Yes. Exactly."
The tease was almost too much. Steve wondered how the hell Tony managed to get him so worked up with so little effort. The man could breathe and get his pulse soaring. "Th-that could work too," he agreed eagerly. They both knew Tony could take whatever he wanted any time he wanted it and Steve wouldn't stand in his way. They held that power over one another. Taking somebody to bed was one thing, letting them see you raw and naked in more ways than the physical was another thing altogether, and Steve was desperately grateful for the level of trust they’d found. "F-fuck, Tony, please, I need it... need you to... I need you inside me, please."
Steve sat down tentatively on the other end of the sofa and swallowed. "Uh, no. I haven't dated... uh, a lot." //At all,// he added silently to himself. By the time he'd had much of a chance with anyone, the opportunity hadn't been there anymore. There had been Peggy, but the second they found their common ground he'd ended up on ice for far too long. A tantalizing snippet of last night's feature dream played itself back inside his head and Steve blushed yet again. He was starting to think he'd never manage to spend more than five minutes with Tony without looking like a tomato. "No one special. We can't all be as lucky as you are with Pepper."
Coulson smiled his thanks for the levity and then started down the hall with the doctor leading the way. He always hated visiting a friend in the hospital, but he hadn't felt such a twist of fear and worry associated with a visit since he was a teenager and his father had a heart attack. //He recovered,// Phil reminded himself firmly. Steve had a few advantages over his dad if his body could get back to its usual working order.
>> earlier <<
They'd agreed that in case Magneto did happen to be there with Loki, it was best that no one remain trapped on the plane. Though she'd protested that she wasn't interested in combat detail, May had ultimately agreed to land them and come in with the team anyway. Coulson was glad of it. If it came to a fight, she would be a smooth addition in Natasha's absence. "Understood. We all ready to go?"
Steve closed his eyes and let the words wash over him. It hurt to think about. He'd been sure for a few moments that he was going to leave Tony and everyone else behind. He hadn't been sure, for the first time since he flew into the ocean, that he was going to make it. "I know, baby. I'm sorry, but it wasn't a screw up. You didn't do anything wrong, Tony. You did what was best for everybody. We saved three people that might've... I don't really want to think about what SHIELD would've done if we couldn't save them, actually. We fixed it, and that's pretty amazing. And I'm still right here. You're not the only one that always finds a way out."
Victor's cock twitched at the sight of the beautiful, nude creature kneeling before him. The bite on his hip drew a sharp grunt from him, but he smiled down at Loki as he took dark, silken strands of hair into his rough hand. The touch was oddly gentle for a moment before he tangled his hand more tightly in the god's hair and jerked his face a little closer to Victor's slowly hardening cock. "Is now," he returned, smirking with his usual cocky bravado. It was easy to let himself forget he was planning to fuck a man... creature... that could probably wish him out of existence if he decided to. Then again, Victor never had been adept at considering what might actually kill him.
Coulson resisted the urge to put a hand on Clint's shoulder. He'd been too free with shows of affection as it was, and the last thing he wanted was to put the man in an awkward position when his life was looking awkward enough already.
Natasha managed a flickering smile at the kiss, the words, the perfect mess that was the way Clint told stories. She nodded and breathed through the pain, knowing it wasn't physical. The doctors had said as much. It was in her head. All of it was in her head. The realization threatened to make her spiral off again, and Nat forcefully stopped it. "He was in my head. Loki. He wanted to know... something... I don't know what." She took a slower breath. "I think he found it."
Logan grunted, dragging Scott to his feet and unceremoniously out of the back of the building and into the dark alley behind it. J's thug escorted them out but didn't follow them all the way to the van. Logan shoved Scott into the back of the vehicle, "Keep quiet," then proceeded to drive them a few miles away. Neither of them said anything in the interim, Logan too tense and Scott too busy processing to manage. Pulling over at a rest stop, Logan dove into the back of the vehicle with a first aid kit and settled next to Scott, quickly but carefully taking the burlap bag off his head and untying him. He quickly wrapped the other man in a blanket as well, having no doubt he'd be feeling exposed. "I'm gonna make sure you're alright, and then we'll get you to a real medical facility." He was fighting hard to compartmentalize everything. It was gut wrenching to see Scott in such terrible shape, and his hands shook a little as he opened the first aid kit.
"Yours," Tony agreed breathlessly, his hands moving to rest on solid-muscled arms. His cock ached between them, and Tony arched a bit to gain more stimulation. It felt good to have Steve fucking him again, to feel that carefully restrained strength pressing him into the mattress. It was getting easier and easier to ignore the discrepancies in the illusion, the differences in the way Loki moved. Tony hooked a hand behind Loki's neck, pulling himself up to brush his lips against his captor's.
“Triggers?” Steve’s brow furrowed, then he caught sight of the bruises just above Coulson’s collar, and his eyes went slightly wide. “Are you-”
Bruce smiled faintly, nodding. He knew that a lot of it was their sense of duty. He also knew a fair bit of the motivation was curiosity. Bruce himself almost wanted to go over the telemetry from Tony's suit, see what he could figure out about the weapon and how Fitz's nanomachines had worked. At the same time, he was exhausted, and the idea of anything reminding him of Tony nearly dying was a little too much to handle until he got some rest. "Alright, then. I'll have Jarvis get it on everybody’s calendar. You two make sure you take a minute to eat and rest. This stuff isn't as urgent as what we've all been dealing with," he warned with a shake of his finger as he stepped out of the lab.
"What? I'm not enough?" Logan asked with a teasing grin, still panting a little from their kiss. "You could help get 'er back, anyway, but I'm bettin' Fury'd be glad to have your help, one way or the other." He brushed his lips to Scott's, unable to resist. "Though I'm not sure how well I'd handle you bein' in the line o' fire now." Sure, he'd dealt with it before, but at the time he wouldn't have been all that torn up if Scott had gotten pitched off the Statue of Liberty. Now the idea of anything hurting Scott was a little scary.
Natasha smirked at Logan's commentary. "Stark's not so bad. Worse once you get to know him, sure, but not so bad." In truth she kind of liked Tony. She still would have broken his hand if he tried to touch her in anything but a friendly manner, but she liked him. He had style, at least, and an interesting way of dealing with the world.
Tony pouted and grudgingly pushed away from Steve. "Guess that's curfew, then."
Clint was just wondering the same thing about the mug when Phil called him out. He reflexively opened his mouth to agree to pretending it hadn't happened if that's what Phil wanted, then shut it again when he realized that that might not be what Phil wanted. He'd honestly expected it to be something along those lines. The archer fiddled nervously with his still-empty mug, rolling the bright yellow ceramic around on the counter as he tried to figure out what he wanted. "I love Nat," he said quietly to the countertop, then looked up. "But... she's never gonna love me." He smiled ruefully as he played with the mug some more, chewing on his lips. "The guys are filler. Distractions." He set the mug on the counter upside-down. "Nat was trying to set us up." He was thinking the whole thing through out loud, trying to sort out all the facts. Finally, he looked up at Phil, still smiling faintly, though he mostly just looked lost. "I guess... maybe you should tell me what you want, 'cause I'm not sure of what I want," he finally admitted.
Shocked at the touch, Steve let out a gasp. He looked back over his shoulder at the man and felt a rush all over again at the thought that Tony was totally and exclusively his. "That... oh, that... don't stop," he murmured, obviously pleased to the point of being barely able to vocalize his thoughts at all. He could only think about Tony's clever tongue gently urging him open and about what would come next.
Though there had been a flash of discomfort, Phil shook his head. "No." Whether it hurt or not on a physical level, the affection and Clint's gentle touch soothed him more than anything else in the world could have. "This is good. I wish you weren't here, but only because..." Because he wasn't sure he could handle Creed turning his attention to Clint. He wasn't sure he could handle seeing it or hearing it or knowing that he couldn't stop it. Instead of panicking, Phil drew Clint into a careful hug. Creed already knew how they felt, and he was going to use it. There wasn't any point in hiding. Phil wanted every last bit of comfort they could draw in the meantime. "This helps. Knowing you still want to do this helps."
"We're working on this. Right now the first thing is to keep you stable," the doctor explained as gently as he could. "The rest we worry about as step two. What you need right now is rest."
"I don't have a cell phone." Logan noted that that wasn't enough to distract Steve into letting it drop, and he sighed internally. "Yeah." He glanced to one side and clenched his jaw for a second as he thought about Jean, then nodded. "I get a roll in the hay once in awhile, but I don't seem to have much luck with keepin’ anyone around." He shrugged. "The kinda lifestyle I lead, girls ain't exactly linin' up to do much more than hit it an' quit it," he said with a faint grin, falling silent as the waitress dropped off their drinks and then moved away.
"That's it," Logan rasped, his hands moving over Scott's sides, mauling the man's ass as his lover moved over him. "God, you feel good... So tight..." After a few moments, Logan reasserted his grip and stilled him once again. He nipped the man's neck, then murmured, "I think we need to change this up a little." He gently guided Scott off his lap, moaning as his cock slipped free. Standing, Logan pressed a hard kiss to the man's full lips, then wordlessly pushed him forward over the bed. Grabbing Scott's hips once more, Logan let his cock come to rest between the man's ass cheeks. "Beg me for it," he rumbled.
"Mother! Did I not order you to stay with the metalmancer for your safety? Why are you here?" Thor growled, glowering at them.
"Fitz," Simmons hissed, her eyes widening and her gaze flicking to Tony and then back to him.
"I don't think Fury even knew it existed, but if anyone can guess where it might be, it'd be him or Nat or Coulson. Guess even Loki wasn’t up to going another round with Coulson." He frowned, then handed another tablet to Steve. It was the one he'd offered Logan before. "I know that triggering flashbacks isn't exactly the nicest thing to do to someone, but I think you might need to go find Logan and hold him down until he reads all this. If we can remind him of his past, we might be able to get him to remember where that thing is." He gave Steve a weak grin, trying to cover up the fact that the idea of sending Steve to piss Logan off worried him not just a little. "I mean, worst case, we find out if you can handle getting stabbed with adamantium, right?"
“And you’ll get better.” They were making more progress than he’d honestly hoped to have made so early in the process. It boded well for finding a way to put the attacks off altogether. It seemed that they were brought on as much by stress as anything. It wasn’t as simple as a few words. The conditioning combined with what he suspected was a deep dose of PTSD had created a more complex web of issues. “We’ll keep working on it until you are. For now, would you like me to see if they’ve got something in pill form to help you sleep?”
While Tony wanted rather badly to go back to cuddling Steve, he wasn't about to say so. Instead, he grabbed his light tablet - brought in courtesy of the nurses after some extensive bitching on Tony's part - from the nightstand. A few touches later, and Tony had the more important piece of information up. "Didn't share this bit with Fury, but I gave him enough information to put him on the right track. Apparently, Logan worked for SHIELD with my daddy dearest. Once upon a time, in fact, when you were fighting psuedo-Nazis, Logan was wading up the shore during D-day with his brother - who he doesn't remember - to go fetch a relic from under a religious site in Normandy." He showed Steve a scan of a grainy, black-and-white photo. The outline was vaguely similar to Thor's hammer, but somehow more sinister "This thing. I couldn't tell you how to pronounce it. Not enough vowels. Most folks thought it was an old Celtic doohickey, and it got overlooked by everyone involved. Except SHIELD. Logan and his team scooped it up, then Logan helped escort it somewhere safe. He's the only one alive now who would know where it would be." Tony poked at the other files he'd pulled and frowned. "What it does, exactly, isn't clear, but some of dad's notes indicate it's evil as hell."
Bruce nodded, then focused on his screen again, swallowing around the lump in his throat. "We should let Steve know about this. When he's up to talking again."
"This isn't about trust. If you think that I trust you, you're sorely mistaken. This is about mutual need."
Clint's arched back slightly against Phil to get that perfect angle. Clint was fairly certain that no one had pushed his buttons so easily since he was barely into his twenties, but the gentle caresses, the careful slide of Phil's tongue against his lips were more than enough to leave Clint tingling from head to toe. He let Phil's tongue into his mouth with a soft whimper, barely remembering where they were as he was lost in the firm press of his handler's body against his own, the fingers subconsciously squeezing his, the feel of Phil's heartbeat thumping a little faster against his shoulder.
Jarvis' voice cut through the gentle attempts at conversation. "Captain Rogers, your presence is requested in the lab when you feel ready."
"That's our backup. Try not to offend them."
Scott took the man's hand and shook it firmly. "You're not the only newbie in the mix, so don't feel bad. There's not a lot of downtime on a team like this."
"What? This isn't fresh enough for you?" Scott threaded their fingers together and suggested, "We could head to Central Park." No one without a death wish was likely to try to jump Logan, which left him feeling pretty sure about the idea even with the darkness coming on. "Being around some trees and the illusion of nature sounds like fun."
Expression still deadly, Simmons tilted her head. "Of?"
"You see? Pretty. Will heal like new. You want naked?"
Tony's fingers fell still on Steve's shirt as his lips against Steve's mouth. One hand slid behind the blonde's head, and he moaned softly. The other hand gathered a handful of Steve's shirt and started tugging it upwards, working under shirt and t-shirt alike to slide over smooth skin. "Yeah, then, that shirt may not survive the night," Tony decided, both his hands sliding away and grabbing the offending garment. He yanked once, then twice, sending buttons flying and shoving the fabric away from Steve's shoulders, leaving Tony to yank the blonde's t-shirt off next. "That's better. More naked is always better."
Though it did nothing to convince him that girls were anymore interesting than they had been an hour before, Darien wasn't immune to the smell of sex in the air or the way Nat writhed on the bed. From a purely aesthetic point of view, the woman was stunning. He licked his lips, unconsciously rubbing the growing erection pressing against the fly of his jeans.
Tony actually laughed at that, and Bruce joined in. "Simmons," Tony decided, "I like you. And I'll tolerate the growth," he gestured at Fitz, "for your sake." Tugging Steve closer, he pecked a kiss to one of the hickies and then held him tight."They look great on you. Don't let Bruce get to you. He's an old fuddy-duddy."
*****
Seeing Tony go pale a second before he began to shiver, Steve looked up only to find Natasha already holding out an airsick bag as he settled Tony into a seat on the jet. "We'll be home soon," he assured, helpless to do more than that. He hated feeling so useless, but until they got back to the tower, there wasn't much to do but strap Tony in and try to make sure he was comfortable.
The file on the monitor immediately flashed that it was ready for reading. Fury typed in a search string. A few seconds of reading, and the Director shot up out of his chair. "Shit!"
Logan's eyebrows raised, and he looked away and cleared his throat uneasily not because the idea of sleeping with Scott bothered him, but rather the exact opposite. Not wanting Scott to see it if he happened to get a bit of a flush going, he muttered at the floor, "Could be worse. I mean, you could wake up stabbin' people, right?" he asked, finally looking up with a wry grin. "I mean, I'm not a great cuddler, but at least I don't big the covers." //Annnnnd I could change the subject any second now...//
"He'll be fine," Pepper's voice assured from just behind him before her own hand slid into his. "He's survived worse."
"I promise a minimum of groping with a caveat that I'm allowed to cop a feel or two," Phil agreed mildly. Their cups were more or less empty, and the evening had faded into darkness while they sat in peace. "Come on, let's get going. I get the impression that we'll be lucky if tomorrow night is as calm as this one." He didn't bother letting go of Clint's hand because walking while holding onto Clint was fast becoming one of his favorite things.
"It does," Coulson agreed.
Simmons only barely contained the urge to squeal with delight at the sight of the suit. She stepped in closer and then stayed her hands. Even her urge to explore was tampered by the reminder that there was a person in the suit who might not appreciate being groped - at least not by her. "Right. Yes, well, the simulations should do just fine until... well, hopefully permanently." Though her smile faltered briefly, Simmons found it again soon enough.
Bruce dropped and gentled his voice. "Steve needs you."
It had taken a long time, but Tony had finally drifted back off. His mind remained plagued with worry long after Steve's departure. What was the purpose of the attack? To kill him? No, there had to be more to it than that. Tony's mind remained trapped in its restless state until the drugs kicked in and lulled him to sleep. Being a light sleeper even when drugged, however, Tony awakened to Steve's gentle knocking. "Hmm? Yeah..." He glanced up, blinking rapidly. "Come in... what happened?"
Eyes focused on one razor-sharp tines, Tony kept his hands up like he was being held at gunpoint. "I see your points," he said, doing a valiant job of not looking as nervous as he felt. "But we were thinking less in the realm of stabbing kids... or me... in the face, and more along the lines of demi-gods. And I think the Cap can confirm that I've been pretty good at making sure we all know what we're in for. Not big on secrets, great at hacking. It all works out." His eyes drifted to Steve, barely able to see the man behind Logan's hulking form. //Granted, SHIELD's kept me out of their systems for a couple of months now, but Jarvis'll fix that eventually.//
"Right. Yeah, on it," Steve answered with a flicker of a smile. Strong, sure fingers were soon scissoring Tony open, testing the waters for what was to come. He knew Tony could take every last inch, but he wanted it to feel as amazing for Tony as it would for him. With every twitch of Tony's ass around his fingers, Steve grew harder and subsequently more desperate. "You wanna be on top?" There was something to be said for not trying to cram themselves into an even more awkward position in the car, but Steve didn't really care how they proceeded as long as they did. The need to take instead of tease had grown overwhelming.
"Tony, I'm not sure we should - "
"What scared me was thinkin' what'd happen if we didn't win; I thought Loki might get to you. That's why I couldn't put the gun down. I couldn't let him..." After seeing what the god had done to his teammates, to him, to Scott... He was pretty damned terrified at the thought of what the god could've done with Scott. "I remember thinkin' as I fell that I couldn't protect you if I needed to." He pulled Scott tight against him.
Tony's passion was nothing short of intoxicating. Loki soon gave up on any thoughts of holding himself back and claimed Tony with all the heat and desire that the man inspired. He was a thing of beauty, broken and mortal as he was. "Cum for me," he ordered firmly, wondering if he'd managed a tone as commanding as the one Rogers probably used in the field when he needed to bring the man to heel. "Show me how much you need this." For a moment Loki considered dropping the facade in time for the main event but decided against it. He rather enjoyed having Tony giving himself up to the experience. There was no sense ruining the moment.
Clint nodded his understanding. He got it. Burdening other people with the shit they had to deal with on a daily basis just seemed cruel from any perspective, and enjoying everything they could while they could was practically written SHIELD policy. "Well, that's fair. Then, aside from cancelling plans to bend me over the island, what are we doing with our day, boss?" he asked, smiling impishly. "Last outing was on my schedule, so now it's your turn. Just no orchestral opera things."
“I’ll talk to him. Maybe there’s some less invasive ways for them to look for things? If it’s more mental, maybe there won’t be many physical tests at all.” With Bucky so on edge even talking could be dangerous, but they had to start somewhere. As long as there were agents on hand to make sure he didn’t hurt himself or someone else, it would probably be fine. “I’ll point out to ‘em that you look better as not a pincushion. Scout’s honor.”
Tony raised his eyebrows and his hands and shook his head with that same smug grin. "Lips're sealed," he smirked.
Nat heard the unspoken "if they can" in the sentence but nodded instead of calling him on it. "Good. I'd like to get the chance to thank him." Natasha smoothly took the seat next to Tony and watched the man warily before reaching out to put a hand on his thigh. It wasn't like her not to notice things, but even knowing he and Tony were messing around, she'd had no idea how deep it went. Tony looked destroyed. Just the possibility of losing Steve was enough to shake him apart. "You have to hold it together right now. He's going to need you."
The next morning Steve woke first. He'd expected as much. Serum aside, he tended to rise early, a trait he knew Tony did not share. He slipped carefully from the bed, unable to resist pressing a quick kiss to Tony's shoulder, before dressing and returning to his own room. A quick run and a hot shower later found Steve in the kitchen making coffee. As, generally, the first to rise, he usually tried to make sure there was a pot on before everyone else began crawling out of their respective corners of the tower. Jarvis could have scheduled it all out, but Steve preferred the ritual of handling it himself.
“It’s nothing. I’ve had significantly worse.” The words were the honest truth, and he certainly didn’t want to make Bucky feel worse than he already did. “He wasn’t in control, and I’m not taking it personally.”
There wasn't any better way Scott could think of to describe the situation. He and Logan should by rights have still been at each other's throats. Instead they'd fallen into something far more comfortable and positive than he would've thought possible. "She isn't wrong," he tossed over his shoulder to Logan.
"I don't know," Scott admitted. He reached out for Logan's hand and clasped it tightly in his own. "I know that it isn't you, and I don't know how far it can go. I just know I want to be careful." Knowing that Logan was willing to not just ignore the problem made him feel a hell of a lot better. "The only thing we know for sure right now is that Loki doesn't want any of us to be on the right track. He's looking for us to fall apart. The best thing we can do right now is not let him win. We stay together as much as we can for as long as we can, and we trust each other even when we really, really don't want to."
Loki had just taken a seat as directed, hoping that he could sit quietly in the corner for awhile and be properly ignored, when the doors opened again. He watched Clint's hand fall to the hammer and felt a rush of annoyance. The fear was gone - he doubted that, much as anyone in the room hated him, they would stand idly by and let Barton kill him in cold blood - but that left plenty of room for other things. "It's a tea party, Agent Barton." He ignored the acidic look that Coulson shot in his direction. "We were waiting for you, actually."
"She would," Phil agreed, his eyes closing as he breathed in the moment. It was hard to remember that the world was falling apart when he let himself melt into Clint's embrace. "Plan sounds good, by the way. Donuts and pizza and movies. And coffee. Perfect." Phil's hands drifted down over the curve of Clint's back, gentle, careful of the bandages and stitches, mindful of what they'd been through but not wanting to let it keep him from touching. "You protect us during the fight. I'll protect you after."
Natasha accepted the offer with a soft smile and curled up next to Clint. It was, in some ways, more intimate than their usual nights. More often than not she left before morning, sometimes even before that. It kept things from getting complicated in a way she couldn't deal with. "You don't have to say it," she whispered, one hand flat on Clint's chest, "I know. Thank you."
Steve let himself relax and smiled at how easily Tony had accepted the words and taken action. "Okay, good," he answered with a sigh, wondering what kind of fallout would be facing them the next morning. He suspected it would be a long week. Possibly a very, very long week. The idea made Steve wince, but it had to be done. He didn't want to spend his life hiding who he was and what he wanted to make anyone else happy. Being polite in public and treating people well, those were basic skills of proper behavior. Lying and hiding and putting on a false face was something else altogether. If the public intended to tear him apart for his orientation, Steve preferred the idea of getting it over with quickly. "I guess we should get back and get some rest while we still can. If Fury's this upset, he's bound to not be the only one."
"Which is why I'm currently a permanent accessory. Sorry, I'd offer you two privacy if I could."
Logan had to take a minute to wonder how he kept getting conned into things that would likely result in a lot of hurting, but then Steve reminded him without prompting. He hesitated at the blonde's next question, though. Talking about his past didn't usually come easily. But at least the Cap seemed like he would be able to understand to some extent. "Clearly? Maybe back to the late eighties. Woke up on three mile island in the middle o' what looked like a disaster area. I get little bits 'n' pieces before that: the Civil War, D-Day, Vietnam. Used to think they were just dreams. Then I ran into some folks that told me I could actually be around two hundred years old." He snorted. "Sure as hell feel like it some days."
"Not immune... though I'm working on it. For the record, though, I mostly just find it hard not to indulge you." Steve shifted to lie on his side with his fingers still curling against Tony's abdomen just above his new stitches. "I really like it when you're happy. Sometimes it feels like you don't get the chance to be often enough, and when you're smiling, it's really hard to do anything that might make you stop."
Clint tensed at the suggestion of giving up the hammer. It was on the deck between his feet again, and his fingers curled into the weapon's strap as he shook his head. "I can take care of it. It'll be fine."
"Yeah, that's a thing," Steve interjected, wondering if Logan thought that was as crazy as he had the first time he heard the phrase. "What the file doesn't mention is that he likes it. Hurting people, making them mad, he feeds off of it."
"I don't know," Phil answered earnestly. He was glad to see Clint perking up at the possibility of progress. He didn't like seeing the man down. Clint was too vital and too brash. Dimming that was a crime against the man's nature.
Clint nodded, gratefully burrowing his face into the man's chest for several moments before he relented and tugged Phil to the couch. "I think I like that plan," he said quietly, sitting down and tugging Phil down with him. He remembered their make-out session on the couch from a few days prior, and that brought him a sort of comfort. They were safe here at least. They had each other. Clint leaned in close to his handler and buried his face in Phil's neck, breathing the man in and pressing light kisses to his skin, eyes closed as he tried to forget everything but the fact that they had each other. When his lips brushed across the bandage over the bite mark Victor had left, forgetting became a non-option, but Clint lightly kissed the bandage as well. "I wish... I wish it hadn't happened. But... you being there kept me from losing it completely."
"That does not sound like fun," Steve protested even though he was smiling. He leaned back on the couch and dragged Tony down on top of him. "Kinda like taking advantage of the size difference a little. It's weird being the small one." It had been years since he was in that position and it had even been possible for someone to manhandle him. "Not bad, though, actually, at least with you. I like most things with you."
"Start walking," Clint directed, his voice quiet and level. Any of the anxiety and stress that had shown in him a moment before was gone. This was what he was wired for. This was a situation he knew exactly how to handle. The archer tensed at the grit of metal on metal. "Put 'em away, Logan." A faint twitch, a wrong move on Logan's part, and Clint let the arrow fly, aiming it perfectly between invincible adamantium ribs.
Fury nodded, looking around the room. "Anyone else have anything to add?"
Natasha edged wasn't surprised when she slammed the door open with a single kick. "Get away from him," she snapped while Clint leveled a bow at the man on top of Tony.
Steve did his best to keep his weight off of Tony. He didn't want to crush the man or aggravate his injuries, but his hand did slide down between them to stroke Tony through the thin fabric of his boxer briefs. His tongue thrust in time with the strokes, a teasing reminder of what they'd be doing once Tony was back on his feet. When Steve couldn't take the fabric being in the way anymore, he left off kissing Tony long enough to strip away the boxers and, more carefully, his tank top. "That is so much better." When he lay down against Tony again, their bodies lined up perfectly, cocks dragging together deliciously.
Logan slowed his thrusts slightly as he relished Scott's orgasm, the way his lover's ass squeezed him tight, the ragged cry of pleasure. The feral mutant allowed himself to cum a moment later, growling his release as he spilled himself inside Scott's tight heat. As he felt his arms starting to give out, he shifted to lay beside Scott, drawing him close and pressing a kiss to his lips, "Love ya," before he reached over and dragged Nat in for one, too. "Thanks for the fun, darlin'," he murmured.
"Next date was dinner, anyway," Bruce reminded her, winking over his mug of coffee. He glanced towards Fitz, wondering if the engineer was deliberately giving them space or really just absorbed in what he was doing. "Besides, I'm interested to see what we get and talk it over." And he wanted to see Jemma's eyes light up. "You know, they caught Loki. Guess that means I get to watch you two scare him."
"I'm going to be the jerk who answers a question with a question for a second. Great sex is always a good start, but if you put that aside," and that was hard to do when he could still taste Clint on his tongue, "then can you really see me as someone you'd want to be with? I'm older. I'm admittedly less exciting than Natasha on a lot of levels. Even if you want to move on, is there any chance I'd be the one to do it with?"
"Yeah, figured," Scott answered, "but thank you. I appreciate the lack of bullshit." He felt oddly at ease with Clint. Scott suspected that was mostly due to the fact that with the exception of Logan, Clint was the first person he'd been entirely honest with since Loki came to him. "Do you mind if I ask you a very personal and completely inappropriate question?"
"Uh, are you saying that in the sense that you're not planning to leave any witnesses, 'cause I think that may be a tad extreme?" He held up his thumb and forefinger to illustrate. "Just a little," he added as they grabbed their trays.
"Afraid not - at least until they're sure the drugs are out of your system." Natasha paused and leaned in a little closer as if it would actually do anything to create intimacy against the barrage of security monitoring SHIELD had in place throughout the building, "But when you're out this evening, I have vodka that will impress even the great Tony Stark." The woman sat up straighter again and watched Tony carefully. "It won't be easy. Director Fury will want you to see a counselor. It's not a bad idea. You may not realize it yet, but keeping something like this from the team will be difficult. Right now you think you never want anyone to know anyway. That will change."
Steve actually let himself smile as Tony took his hand. The simple gesture helped. He nodded slowly. "You'll be with me," he repeated, glancing down at the dull gray sweats that he got issued in medical. "And I guess I do meetings in sweats now because there's not a damn other thing that's going to fit." He sighed and actually laughed at the ridiculousness of such a small practical concern. "Maybe we can go shopping this afternoon? I wouldn't mind having something other than this to wear at some point."
"So you'll withhold pain pills? Because that seems like insult to injury."
Phil gave up on even attempting not to blush. It had been one of the most awkward and oddly wonderful afternoons of his life. He'd also kind of hoped Clint had forgotten it completely. "You're a terrible human being." He knew his expression was confirmation enough. Fury, Romanov, and Barton were probably the only people in the world who could read him without even trying most of the time. Unwilling to let Clint win the moment entirely, he added, "And I seem to remember you stopped complaining after while. You seemed to get pretty comfortable, actually."
"I sure as hell ain't babysittin' you people," Logan threw in, folding his arms over his chest. "I haven't even met Thor, and the rest o' you're fuckin' nuts in ways that makes Scientology make sense."
"I can't blame somebody for wanting to talk to you," Steve teased in return. He kissed Tony's cheek sweetly. It was surprising but pleasant to find that Tony didn't mind the affection. He'd been terrified that Tony would insist he was above such things or something ridiculous - and utterly Tony - like that. "What did he need?" Coulson wasn't one to call and interrupt for no reason, especially with Tony hurt. On the contrary, the man had offered to play interference as much as possible so that he could remain by Tony's side.
Clint was on his feet in a second, then fighting to keep from throwing up a moment later. The blow to his head had definitely taken its toll. He staggered and leaned back against the wall, trying to keep from hyperventilating.
Tony returned with fresh coffee and dessert on a tray. "Ready to have your mind blown?" he teased Steve, easing down close to him on the sofa. "I can promise you've never seen anything like Star Wars." The movie always brought out the kid in Tony, and he could not wait to see Steve's reaction to what he considered to be one of the best films of all time.
Steve finally took a breath and nodded. "Thank you. It may not feel like much, but it's a lot more than I had five minutes ago." He took the file and allowed more breathing space between himself and Logan. Looking to Scott, he added, "I'm sorry about the interruption."
Though Scott was smart enough to feel nervous, he groaned aloud at Logan's touch. "First time with a guy," he reassured breathlessly, "not my first time. I'm good." He was more than good, actually, turned on beyond anything in recent memory. Scott did his best to relax so that getting things started could go well for both of them. "Believe me, I'd be broken by now if I was that delicate."
As Logan spoke, the Hulk seemed to shrink back into himself until all that was left was Bruce, clinging to the waistband of what was left of his pants for the sake of modesty. "I should... really learn to wear more elastic," he muttered shakily, still looking faintly greenish but obviously in control of himself once more. He looked around at the still-terrified guards, smirking faintly as he looked back to Logan. "Let's go home. Much fun as playing around on an alien world might be..."
The dart caught Steve in the shoulder, and he reached up to pluck it out only to find that his limbs refused to respond. He sank to his knees and then the floor, shuddering as an icy chill crept through him faster than his metabolism could compensate for. The man's lips moved, but no sound came out.
In moments, they were back in New York, and Logan was starting to feel certain that he'd be throwing up if he were of any lesser constitution. How Bruce and Natasha managed to deal with it was enough to impress him. "So, Fury's gonna want an update."
Fury settled back in his seat, staying quiet so long that Tony was about to ask if he'd flatlined. Finally, the Director sat forward and looked Steve hard in the eyes. "Rogers, the Avengers are yours. You take control of this... situation, and make the call. And you," he pointed at Thor, seemingly unphased by the fact that the Asgardian could crush him like a bug, "you're staying with him if we're not putting him down. He's your deadbeat brother."
Clint barely realized Creed was moving before he was hauled roughly to his feet. He had to fight back another wave of nausea as he was dragged to the front of the cell. One of Victor's hands held him roughly by the hair while the feral mutant undid his cuffs only to latch them to the bars of the cell.
Soon enough the Avengers would be no more of a threat than any other humans, fancy toys or no. Toys could only take a man so far. Heart, it seemed, was their true strength. Loki intended to tear their hearts to shreds and leave their minds bleeding. Then he would step in and see that the planet full of mewling monkeys finally had a leader worth following.
Tony's breath caught at the dirty talk. It was nowhere near the raunchiest thing a lover had said to him, but hearing it come from Steve was enough to leave him struggling for control. Thankfully, Steve seemed to need a moment to get a grip too. "Yeah... God, yeah, I can.... I can do that," he murmured distractedly. He resorted to rocking his hips slowly, ever so gradually letting himself sink a little deeper into his lover's body with each shift. "Fucking love the way you sound when you're this turned on..."
Victor was surprised to catch Loki sulking in the command center. The god usually did that elsewhere. "Aren't you a god? Can't you just magic that stuff back to normal?" He was referring to Loki's ribs, of course. "I figured you'd be more capable than me at that sort of thing, at least," he taunted. Victor was smart enough to know that Loki could probably wish him out of existence pretty easily. He also was smart enough to know that Magneto was a pretty big ally of Loki's at the moment, and that the god knew better than to piss Erik off by killing off mutants. He leaned against the door frame and crossed his arms, looking amused. In the relative security of the base, he'd foregone his usual coat in exchange for a simple undershirt, fatigue pants, and bare feet. "You get anything from Jimmy or his boytoy?"
"So will you," Scott countered, kissing his lover again with a smile. This time he felt it. Maybe it was the proud warrior woman leading the mission or the obvious bloodlust in the air, but he didn't think anyone would be getting out of the battle on the other side without a prompt surrender. "You've got an appointment to keep." Scott winked and stepped back to silently release Logan to head out.
It took them a few minutes' walk to get back to a cab stand, and then a ride that felt like forever because Logan was pretty sure that fucking Scott in the back of the cab was a bad idea. An eternal elevator came next, and Logan was dragging Scott into his room with one hand while he impatiently tugged at the buttons on his own shirt with the other. "God you smell amazing, taste amazing," he panted against Scott's lips, giving up on the shirt to use both hands to cradle Scott's head and kiss him hard. "So good," he breathed roughly.
"Yeah," Natasha agreed, looking down at the pictures for a second and then closing the window. She'd seen the files before, but thinking of seeing Steve in that state face to face was startling. It was like facing off with the Hulk and trying to remember that somewhere in there, he was still Bruce Banner. She liked things to be what they were. Such monumental shifts were difficult to swallow. "Let's go get food and more coffee in the caf. I want to listen to the chatter, see who's heard." See if she needed to punch anyone in the throat to start the day off.
Thor glanced uneasily at Sif, then back to those gathered. "I know that of which you speak, and it may well be the only thing that would truly prove to be Loki's undoing. It hasn't a name. It bonds to one master at a time, and takes the energy of others who attempt to use it. But as long as none among you have wielded it in battle, you have nothing to fear. I would be able to wield it for you and do the deed."
Steve considered sitting in the control room and waiting to hear from the team. He honestly did. For a full five minutes, he stood in the hallway outside. His feet started down the hall before he realized he'd made a decision not to go inside. The last time he'd been sitting in one of those chairs with a pickup in his ear, his whole world had come crashing down. It wasn't a feeling Steve was eager to repeat.
Tony flicked a quick look toward the bar just as Logan turned away from them and focused on one of the TV screens instead. He turned his attention back to Steve. "Doing fine. I'm making this up as I go, actually," he answered. A little trickle of sweat was running down the side of Steve's face, and Tony decided it was a *very* good look for the blonde. "So, he's not looking. Are you gonna kiss me, or am I gonna have to slip you a super-roofie?"
Steve closed his eyes and allowed himself a moment to passively relish the heat of Tony's mouth before shifting, grabbing Tony and using his strength to pin the other man flat against the seat. It was awkward, two grown men attempting to lie down in the back seat of even Tony's luxury vehicle, but the extra friction was worth it. Steve nipped at the man's earlobe and then licked at the spot gently. "How do you want to do things tonight?" They hadn't been alone for their first time together, and Steve hated to assume too much. He'd never felt the need to lock himself in to one position or preference, and Tony seemed similarly flexible - which meant both that they could do anything at all and that there was an almost overwhelming array of possibilities on the table.
Phil half-smiled and kissed Clint's tousled hair again. "Good, because I don't promise to stop entirely." He needed the closeness. Clint needed it. Absently he started stroking the hair at the back of Clint's neck, an idle touch to maintain additional contact between them. "Actually, I don't promise to stop at all. I'll behave myself in public, but not in the suite." It was odd, but he couldn't quite think of it as just his anymore when he was already growing so used to Clint's warm presence in it.
"As far as instruments are concerned, this thing barely exists. I haven't been able to weigh it, get a measure of its volume, or even reliably measure the handle." He brought up a blurry looking picture. "Even this changes subtly."
Natasha reached up, smoothing Scott's hair. "I think the two of you are adorable. Besides, it's more productive this way. I'm pretty sure you'd be killing each other if you weren't fucking."
Below, Scott held his ground, sticking close to Logan. He knew his primary mission was to keep Logan alive long enough to do what needed to be done. He visually cataloged the mutants present. Sabretooth would be their biggest threat on that count. Mystique he could keep back, but even his abilities would only keep Creed from closing in for so long.
Tony stopped, setting the milk down and turning to look at Steve, arms crossed over his chest. "You're ready to write yourself off that fast?" His brow furrowed, and he tilted his head. "Doesn't sound like the Steve Rogers I know. Or the one that got signed up for the program in the first place." He pressed his lips together into a thin line. "You can stay up here as long as you want. I'll even have Phil run interference. But... I need you to not give up." He quirked a faint smile. "If nothing else, I'll take Rhodie's suit back, make a few adjustments for you. It's all spangly, too."
Leaving the base and clearing his head sounded pretty good. "Yeah. Sure. That would be nice." Scott rose and stretched. "Let me grab a shower, and then maybe we can change the sheets when we get back." He didn't want any reminders either, and his senses weren't as sharp as Logan's. They were too old to think that completely fresh starts were a thing that really happened, but they cared about each other enough to try anyway. He got himself clean in record time and put on jeans and a t-shirt, making a mental note to thank Coulson since he suspected the man was the one who'd filled his drawers with basics, and then rejoined Logan in the living room. "Let's get out of here. I need to breathe some real air for awhile."
Fandral bowed and spread his arms wide. "Your wish is my command, my lady."
Tony shivered, his toes curling as Steve's throat seemed to milk away what sanity he had left. The fact that Steve was obviously enjoying himself was almost as intoxicating as the feel of his tongue on Tony's flesh. "Can... say that aga-ain," Tony managed, his gaze fixing on the ceiling as he tried to hold out a little longer. "S-soon," he panted.
Steve managed the faintest of smiles at that. "Yeah, I kinda noticed that." He kissed his lover to take the sting out of the moment for them both and sighed again. "Okay, yeah, I guess I kinda see why maybe you feel for the guy. And maybe I feel for him a little too. A little. A very, very little." He went back to burying his face against Tony's neck just to be closer. "Still think it would've been easier to turn Loki into paste, but, fine. We'll be nice. I won't kill him. I might punch him if the opportunity arises, but I won't kill him, and I'll try to be nice." He lifted his head. "Uh, considering the situation, maybe we should see about adjoining rooms or something for him and Thor. It seems... it seems kind of needlessly cruel to make them share a single bedroom suite."
"Rather just separate him from his head," Logan groused, looking back toward Fitz-Simmons, already engrossed in their work. "But I think I'll work out instead. Unless you nutjobs need me for somethin' else?"
"Mmm hmm," Natasha agreed, "I've noticed. I think the thing you're overlooking is that I don't date. You simply haven't dated." It was an important distinction. She could see it in Clint, the yearning for something to hold onto in the strange whirlwind that was their lives. She'd seen him looking at Tony and Steve and not just leering at how hot they were together but gazing fondly at their new connection. "Not pushing. I don't know if he'd be interested either. It's not exactly a state secret that he's bi, but it doesn't mean you're his type. Just something to think about since you said you haven't." The blush on Clint's cheeks as he'd started talking about it said otherwise, but Natasha had enough tact not to call him on his lies when it wasn't necessary for effect.
"Think I've had enough sleep," Tony declared, looking to the nurse and pointing to his IV line. "You can just go ahead and take this away. I'll get my own cocktail. Maybe gimme some pills to go."
The gentle words served to calm Logan a bit. He distinctly recalled Scott's mention of being a virgin still. //Gonna need to be gentle,// he reminded himself. He lightly nipped at Scott's neck, then stepped back. The bit of space gave the feral mutant a moment to clear his head and sink backo reality. And to tease Scott a little. Logan casually kicked off his boots as he walked slowly to the bed. Settling on its edge, he braced his hands on either side of himself and leaned forward a bit, giving Scott an amused grin. Logan knew how eager they both were. Teasing was mean, but Scott did look damn good when he was feeling needy. "You comin' over here, or what?" he asked, trying to sound casual even as a bulge was starting to form in his jeans.
"No, I don't have to," Clint replied, lifting his eyes to meet Coulson's gaze, "but I want to, and I'm going to keep right on watching your back." No argument from Phil would dissuade him. As far as Clint was concerned, Bucky Barnes was a constant danger to Coulson and everyone within the building. Unstable and a match for Cap were a recipe for disaster. Why Phil felt the need to take responsibility for the Winter Soldier baffled Clint. He could only surmise it was out of some misguided loyalty to Steve. A small shake of his head, and Clint reached for a flask he always carried. "Here, I'll bet you could use a little of this, too." He poured some of the contents into his mug, followed by Phil's.
Tony looked up and grinned, then dove in for a heated kiss as his hand deftly unfastened Steve's slacks. He lightly teased the man's swelling cock through his underwear before his fingers snaked in to wrap around the pulsing flesh. The billionaire groaned and ground his hips against Steve at the sensation of the thick cock pulsing in his fingers. It was almost frightening how much simply touching Steve or being near the other man turned him on. Tony wasn't used to feeling as if he'd completely lose his mind just by being close to someone, just by thinking about them. It was more than just hormones, much as he liked to tell himself otherwise. //Stop thinking... stop it...// Focusing more thoroughly on sensation, Tony drew away from Steve's lips only to start working his lightly stubbled throat, moaning soft words of encouragement and arousal.
"Thank you, Agent Romanov, for making that call on my behalf," Fury bit out before turning his gaze back to Steve. "But I think she's right. You've paid a hell of a price already. I'm not letting you off on good intentions, because that's the sort of shit that gets people killed, but you've saved three teammates in the process of being an idiot-"
"So much for the pre-meeting catharsis," Clint agreed, grabbing his tray and following Nat to the scullery. He grabbed an extra cup of coffee to go, unable to handle the concept of a big debrief without some kind of chemical stimulation. "Why do I feel like we're headed to face the firing squad?"
Clint could see the worry in Phil's face and he nuzzled his lover's throat. "Hey. We'll get better. Maybe later over sooner, but either way..." He looped his arms around Phil's neck and pressed a light kiss to the man's lips. "Look at it this way: if we do get benched, we can spend lots of time going on awesome dates." He reluctantly made himself slide off the couch and away from Phil, in spite of the fact that even that small separation hurt. He held out a hand and pulled Coulson up off the couch. "C'mon. Let's go cuddle and sleep for a few days." He tugged Phil into the bedroom, separating just long enough for them to strip down to their underwear. It was harder to ignore all the bumps and bruises and bandages with their clothes mostly off, but Clint didn't care. It felt too good to press himself against Phil with barely anything between them. In spite of sleep tugging insistently at him, the archer ran his fingers gently over the bandages, lightly brushing the digits over bruises as if to soothe the hurt away.
"I... am aware, sir. Remember, I was integrated into his suit." The AI sounded strangely sad.
Tony shook his head. "Nah, I should be there. I started it. I can be good. Promise," he said to Coulson, holding up a hand. "Scout's honor. I'll even swear on my morning coffee if you'll let me get to the pot. We can even hold hands and gaze adoringly into each other's eyes so they know I didn't slip him a roofie-colada." Coffee in one hand, Tony slipped his free arm around Steve's waist and rested his head on the blonde's shoulder with a grin. Partially, he was doing it to agitate Coulson, but he had to fight from actually letting his grin get too dopey as he enjoyed the scent of Steve's aftershave. "This good?"
There was a hiss of breath from the bed, then a pained whimper. The world hurt. The faint light through the open door hurt. Natasha shuddered and buried her face in the pillow. She wasn't sure how long she'd been lying there waiting for the pain to recede. She wasn't sure where she was. The voice... it sounded like Clint, but she couldn't trust that. Spots swam against her eyelids, and Natasha welcomed the coming darkness. Next time she woke up, maybe it wouldn't hurt anymore.
"Pretty sure... th-that's always a possibility," Tony managed as Steve's hand drove a moan from his lips. "You're doing fine... stop... worrying so much... ah-haaa... god, that's good." He buried his face in the blonde's neck, breathing in the scent of soap and sweat on his lover. "Steve... when I get better, I... nnng... I am gonna fuck your brains out," he decided, hands rising up to the blonde's shoulders and squeezing hard as he thrust up into his lover's touch.
"Y'know, that he isn't being himself," Natasha chimed in. She couldn't help smiling faintly. They were her team. The Avengers were an odd group, but she loved it. She loved every second of it. Even the parts that hurt like hell. Leaning back until she was resting against the wall, her gaze shifted to Coulson. "Take care of him for me."
Tony felt a little bit like an ass. He feeling fairly sure there was a better way to have told Steve. Then again, just letting him figure it out on his own sounded like a terrible idea, too. Tony had no way to know all the other ideas Steve was starting to get into his head about having lost the serum, but he couldn't stand to see his lover cry. "Steve... easy, baby. We'll get through this, whatever we have to do. Bruce and I can work on something... or maybe it'll come back on its own," he soothed, wishing desperately he could pull Steve against him and hold him tight. The aesthetics weren't really a concern for Tony, but he knew Steve well enough to know that the man's spirit was too much to be relegated to a body that couldn't hold up to the sort of heroics he was inclined toward. Tony placed a hand gently on Steve's narrow shoulder. He had to fight to remind himself that it was really Steve, but the idea just made him want to take care of his lover even more. "We'll get it figured out. I'm with you, whatever happens," he promised.
Though he blushed furiously at the compliment, Steve smiled. “I don’t mind at all.” Hearing Tony flirting and teasing made him feel like they might settle into something like normalcy with time. The feeling of peace made Steve bold enough to venture, “I was thinking maybe after we eat, we could watch a movie or something? I understand if you aren’t up for it, but… well, to be honest, I kind of don’t want the evening to be over too early. I’ve missed you.”
Tony looked up, face still ridden with guilt. "Don't say that. We're going to get you back to..." He stopped himself before he said it: normal. Tony didn't care if Steve stayed as he was or went back to being a super soldier, but it wasn't hard to see that the man was frustrated by the limitations of his former self. Tony squeezed Steve's hand. "Look, don't give up just yet, alright? I'm going to find a way to at least get Bruce to talk about this like grown ups who don't break whole cities and see if there's something we can do. Until then, and also after then, I'm going to spoil the hell out if you," he said with a smirk.
Though the woman gave him a sidelong look, she seemed more amused than pissed, and he chose to take that for acceptance. Inside Scott found himself momentarily at a loss. His method of control had been artificial for years. He honestly wasn't sure how to make his powers work without the visor. Frustrated, Scott glanced back at Logan. "It might be safer to wait outside."
Bruce, looking more like a scared college professor than one of Earth's mightiest heroes, eyed Mystique nervously, one arm wrapped around his abdomen as if holding something in. Which he was. He could feel more sweat rolling down his face, and he swallowed hard. "Then I'm sure he told you that this is my good side," he said with a nervous, humorless smile. "And that you don't want to meet the other side. He mentioned that part, right? How he and I had a little talk? Well, him and the other guy."
"It *could* be describe as enthusiastic. Happy. Maybe gay," Tony allowed with his usual smirk, deadpan as he heedlessly led them to the bar itself. "Scotch, Danny. And whatever my associates want."
"Camping is good," Coulson agreed. He'd always enjoyed being out in nature, the still and quiet away from daily life. "I'm more a fishing guy than a hunter, though. It's more soothing. I guess work is stressful enough without trying to put a bullet through the eye of a wild pig on the weekends."
Natasha sighed. "Because this isn't going to be fun. Meetings are awful. Meetings about the future of the team in a situation like this..." The woman tried to put on a smile and mostly succeeded. "Just try not to make an ass out of yourself. I'd hate to have to break your shin under the table."
He wasn't quite sure how he'd come to the decision, where he'd gotten the idea, but not long after, Clint found himself standing outside Phil's door, pressing the call button. "It's me," he mumbled into the mic. Realizing that wasn't terribly specific, he added, "Clint." He felt dumb, standing in the hallway barefoot and in a t-shirt and underwear. He wasn't quite sure how he was going to explain himself, coming to ask to sleep in someone else's room like a five year old because of a little nightmare. //Well, already here...//
The bar regulars had all fallen silent, intently watching the scene. Everyone that had been there a time or two knew better than to mess with Clint or anyone he brought with him. But there were always tourists.
Breakfast was quiet. Neither Steve nor Pepper knew quite what to say, so they sat close beside each other drinking coffee and eating cereal and trying to pretend it wasn't the most painful morning they'd ever suffered through. "It's funny," Steve finally half-whispered, "when I think about it... it wasn't... we weren't together that long."
Logan, claws at the ready, didn't bother with platitudes. "Bruce, you're the one not made outta metal. Got a feelin' you're gonna be the one finishin' this," he warned. He lunged at Magneto, though wasn't terribly surprised when the other mutant stopped him mid-tackle.
In which Clint Barton takes in a new asset and then has pretty much all the sex someone can have in one evening. Seriously.
"You do. Forgive me, Mr. Summers, but you do. If Agent Barton picked up on changes, then you have. There's no way around that. You led the man, you've known him for years, and you've seen it."
Logan sat up immediately as if he hadn't even been asleep, the faint glint of adamantium visible for a split second before he registered who was in the room with him. "Scott..." He rubbed a hand over his face and slouched a little, letting out a breath as he relaxed. "Scared the shit outta me. You alright?" He already knew the answer was no. Nobody who halfway knew him would want to risk waking him up without a good reason.
"I think I've already got a few of those tags. And I wasn't leering. I was... appreciating," Clint insisted, reaching back to pull Phil into another kiss as if to emphasize the point. "It's important to appreciate things." He glanced up at the man he was leaning against and gave him a wicked smile. "Sometimes, you just need a little encouragement to appreciate them up close." He looked back to Nat. "When things calm down, don't be surprised to find a bottle the best vodka and chocolate I can get my hands on on your pillow."
Logan settled back in his seat, grateful for the soothing contact. He didn't want to admit it, but the threat to Barton hadn't been idle. //We're all stressed,// he told himself. "Yeah. I get that. I'd be losin' my mind if it was you." //And we haven't exactly been together as long as they have.//
The warmth of Steve's touch was welcoming, putting Tony even further at ease. He felt more like himself around the other man. Tony could not help but wonder if his recovery might have gone more smoothly if he'd simply let Steve take care of him. "Well, I'm your official worrier from now on," he announced, making it clear he would hear no argument. "You've worried enough about me, not it's my turn to return the favor."
Victor scowled, about to rail at Loki for letting the man go when he noticed Natasha. "Oh, she's nice. I get to play, right?" he said, moving closer and smiling like he'd been handed a new toy. He leaned on the bars - electrified only for prisoners, thanks to Loki's magic - and leered at her. "You look like you've got some fight in you. I like that."
"Time to load out, sleeping beauty," Ward agreed, unstrapping from his seat. "Would you like an escort?"
It was enough to bring a flush to Steve’s cheeks and a smile to his lips. “I know you’re you,” he assured quietly.
"It's no fun if you don't drink with me, though," Tony argued even as he flopped over the couch. "No need for fold-out. Too much effort." He turned on his side to face the back of the couch, then held up a hand. "Tuck me in?"
Logan smirked. "So, a guy with a metal skeleton against a guy that controls metal. Round two, matter o' fact," he observed. He gave Bruce a shrug. "Well, I guess you can do the whole smash thing if it comes right down to it."
Steve began working just as resolutely to get Tony out of his clothing. "Backseat?" If they didn't move, someone was going to end up with a gear shift someplace they didn't want it. It was surprisingly complicated for the both of them to scramble back over the seats, but it was worth it when Steve was able to drag Tony in close and kiss him easily while they tore at each other's clothing. He felt a few buttons give here and there, but neither of them cared. Clothing was overrated. Tony looked better naked anyway. Steve resolutely did his best to divest Tony of clothing and mostly succeeded in opening his shirt, pushing off his jacket, and unzipping his pants in the fever of trying to get more and closer and now. He finally slowed and ran a hand down over Tony's chest through the trail of dark hair there, smiling. "Nice start."
Alan was quick to grasp a handful of Darien's hair and present the man with his cock. "Go on. You heard him."
Clint was already closing ground, circling like a deadly predator, the hammer held at the ready and a strange, deep violet tinge to his eyes. "I don't think you get it. We're not here to negotiate and take you back with us. We're here to kill you. And I get to do the honors."
"The hammer is of Asgard. It does not matter who holds it in your ridiculous realm," Loki spat, letting go of Tony's hair. The man was in poor shape. Indeed he was barely alive. "The weapon... it killed your friend, not that he will remain so. It should certainly have killed you, shiny suit of metal or no." He paced slowly on the floor in front of Stark. Fear rolled off of Stark in waves, and he was physically in no shape to protect himself. He had only his wit and his silly jabs. It was pathetic. "I think that what you can do for me is submit. You're of no help to your Captain now, but you can be of help to the Hawk and Agent Coulson. I've given them to one of my companions as a treat. If you play nicely, perhaps I'll see that he leaves them breathing... not that they'll want to be once he's done."
Steve shifted, smiling at the touch, and finally opened his eyes to see Tony staring sleepily back at him. "Morning," he murmured, shifting and stretching and then placing a hand over the arc reactor at the center of Tony's chest. "Remember when you promised me that this thing wasn't going to kill you? That it's saving your life? Remember that. The next time you fly off," Steve explained, his voice rough with sleep but the thoughts sharp in his head, "I won't be beside you. I need to know you aren't going in there with a live bomb strapped to your chest. I need to know as much as I ever can that you're going to come home to me, Tony."
"It's new," Steve allowed, glancing back at Tony and wishing they'd had time to talk about it all together before they had to face the firing squad. "We're still figuring things out. The most important thing at the end of the day is the team. What happens with us... we have to make sure it's good for the Avengers too."
“I think I can handle that. With my metabolism… well, let’s just say I’m not a dainty eater. Pretty sure being in the army didn’t help that any.” Steve was surprised to find that he felt relaxed, not tense in the face of what they were doing. It was a date. A real one. And that was shockingly, inexplicably fine. Steve couldn’t help casting shy glances up at Tony every chance he got. Even tired and raw and a little rough around the edges, Tony still looked fantastic. “Speaking of drinking, uh, I don’t. It doesn’t do anything for me, and I didn’t think about wine or anything. Hope you’re okay with something a little less festive for the night?”
Logan climbed into the cab as it rolled up at the end of the alleyway. "I won't mention what *you* smell like, moneybags. Get your ass into the cab before the Cap and I throw you in the trunk."
Still all-too-aware of the fact that Coulson had probably witnessed some of those firsthand, Clint cleared his throat. He rarely felt weird about sex. His exhibitionist streak notwithstanding, he was pretty comfortable with the whole thing, but for some reason, the idea that a friend knew that much about his sex life was almost more unsettling than the idea that there were more than a few strangers that had seen him fuck someone. "And the obvious training to shoot things?" Clint had to think a moment. "Watch TV. Play video games. Sometimes I'll read a book. And camping and hunting. Those are fun." He snorted faintly. "Mostly things I can do away from other people, I guess," he said with a faint smile. "I'm kinda boring like that."
Clint's jaw tightened and he nodded, his gaze still cast out over the lake, forearms propped on his knees and hands clasped together. The ducks had moved on, lured by someone else with food to offer. He glanced back at Phil. "Wish you had been around then. After, at least. It... it was pretty rough," he admitted. He remembered sitting in the shawarma cafe after everyone but Nat had left. He'd had his meltdown then, curling up in a whimpering, pathetic ball against a pile of rubble just inside the door. He hadn't really cried, but he hadn't not cried, either. Just dry, strange sobs as Nat tried to get him to say something, tell her how she could help. He'd thought he'd lost one of his closest friends, knew he'd killed an untold number of agents. His mind snapping back to the moment he was in, Clint realized his hands were shaking a little bit, and he squeezed them together more tightly, hoping Coulson hadn't noticed.
True to his punishment theory, it was not Fury who met them when they landed. Wearing mirrored glasses, the man who was their contact smiled politely and held a hand out, "Mr. Logan, it's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Phil Coulson."
Steve felt his heart clench at the pain in Tony's voice. He wanted to open the cell door, to go out and hold the man close. Instead he offered Natasha a faint smile. "Just hold still for me, okay?"
The man barely got the words out. A barely traceable flicker of motion, and there was a knife in Clint's hand. He made a few quick slashes across the other man's face, following him as he stood and tried to back away. Clint tangled his free hand in the man's hair and held the knife to his throat. "Next time, I take your life," he growled. It was a lie, mostly, but no less effective for it. A deft flick of the wrist, and he sheared off a good sized chunk of the thug's ear before shoving him away. The whole attack had taken seconds, and Clint barely looked stressed for it. He glanced casually around the bar as if making sure no one else had anything to add, but most had the sense to avoid eye contact, and no one looked remotely interested in even helping the defeated thug up off the floor.
"You gonna let me in on this?" The question was borderline impatient, but Alan made only fleeting eye contact, subtly indicating he was still subject to Clint's will.
"Speechless." Clint looked pleased with his observation. Standing, he unfastened his pants, letting his half-hard cock press against Darien's cheek. "Start licking," he rumbled, his own heart rate spiking. "Get me good and hard so I can fuck your throat... nice and deep." It was difficult to keep his cool. Darien looked perfect, tied down and eager.
This is awful. Like, this is... it's bad. This chapter contains rape, mentions of past mental and sexual abuse, and it's just really dark and really triggering. You know it happens now, so if you don't feel like you want to/can read it? Nobody's going to hold it against you, least of all us. I CAN promise that it gets better.
The surprise and shocked pleasure on Clint's face fed Coulson's ego appropriately. The man looked like he was coming apart at the seams, and it was gorgeous. Clint turned on was the most beautiful thing he'd seen in a long time. Already Coulson was filing the sound of his moans away to review at a later time. He set a quick pace, grabbing one of Clint's hands and moving it to his head to let the man know that he didn't mind some instruction.
Clint smiled faintly, then quickly covered it as he made a show of thinking it over. "Well, maybe. I mean, I'm not so sure. It does sound an awful lot like you're propositioning me, and I'm pretty concerned about my purity and stuff." Mostly, Clint was concerned that he wouldn't be able to keep his hands off if he woke up next to Phil again with them in nothing but their underwear. He fiddled with his coffee cup. "But I guess I could be convinced if you promise not grope too much."
"I'm gonna hold you to that. New York scared me too, and I barely liked you at the time." Steve felt sick just thinking about the moments of certainty that Tony works never open his eyes again. He put a hand over Tony's heart to feel the pulse of it. "I know you're tough. I just hate seeing you hurt. Upside is that at least now I get to kiss it better."
Phil blinked, trying not to stare, and finally nodded. "Good." He nodded pleasantly to Darien as the man stood, looking disheveled and mortified at the same time. He poured his coffee in utter silence. It was difficult focusing on work. It was more difficult ignoring how other people were managing to not focus on work. To put it mildly, he was jealous of the outlet. Phil couldn't help but glance back at Clint lounging against the counter all flushed skin and a satisfied smile. It was a good look on him. //Leering at coworkers because you haven't had a date in too damn long is not even tiniest bit professional,// he chided himself before holding up the full mug to indicate that he was done. "I'll get out of your hair. Also, Director Fury had a closed door with Captain Rogers. No word yet, but I'll keep you in the loop when I hear anything."
Coulson gave him a skeptical sideways stare but ultimately shook his head. "No, that's fine." If the kitchen had been slightly distracting, this would be a whole new level. Coulson sighed. He was beginning to hate being well adjusted. He half envied Natasha's ability compartmentalize. Clint naked next to him would take some serious compartmentalizing. And possibly selective blindness. Coulson shifted in his seat and stared straight ahead. "Get changed, then I'll start us off. No sense in you falling out naked on the highway."
The memory sent a chill down Phil's spine. He still remembered Maria's voice as close to panicked as he'd ever heard it telling them that Barton had been compromised. "Maybe you can deal with it, but the rest of us don't want to. I'm not taking that call again." Trying to lighten the mood again, Coulson observed, "At least they're willing to help. It's more than we had before. It's not much, but it's more." With the files Xavier was sending, they'd have a better outline of what their enemies could do and thus how they could counter some of it. "Right now I'll settle for all of us getting out of this alive and sane... and having it go smoothly enough that Fury doesn't have us drawn and quartered for doing this."
(See the end of the chapter for
Logan growled softly in frustration as Scott teased him with another kiss. "Now I *know* you're just tryin' to get payback," he said, though he smiled faintly and ran a hand through the other man's hair. He'd leaned in for another kiss when the door to his room slid open.
Phil nodded his agreement with the assessment. It made sense. He wanted to just be done and home and finally fucking shower, but Clint was right. Completely right. Phil took a deep breath and let himself marvel at how rarely Clint was the sensible one as they settled onto the rocky ground. He winced but actually felt a little better leaning into Clint's side. "I think it's fair to say my judgment is suspect at the moment. Possibly terrible." He let his head fall against Clint's shoulder with a sigh. "Maybe that whole rest thing isn't such an awful idea."
"Sir, have you considered just asking nicely?"
"I believe the good doctor has a few choice words to share with you, sir, but I have managed to negotiate an appointment a half hour from now."
"For the record, you never have to make an excuse." More quietly, Coulson added, "You also don't have to sleep on the couch anymore unless you're really that attached to it. I'd kind of rather have you in the bedroom." He caught the double entendre a second too late but didn't backpedal. The truth was he really did mean it in both ways. Crossing around the bar, Coulson grabbed Clint's stool and turned it so that he could step up and stand directly in front of the man. He leaned in and kissed Clint gently. It was nothing like the breathless embraces they'd exchanged earlier. It was soft, sweet, filled with emotion instead of need.
"Think I'm okay with that. Really, really okay." Scott arched into Logan's touch and reached down to palm Logan through the barrier of cotton. He gave a warm squeeze to the answering hardness that he found there. "How the hell did I never notice that you're so sexy? You're so fucking hot." Scott didn't care that he was babbling, and Logan didn't seem to either. "Once the world is safe again, I suggest we spend all our time here in your room wearing no clothing whatsoever."
Because if you aren't closing on angst? The right way to close is on smut.  I'll be away on vacation for a few days, but I should be able to get the first chapter of Part 4 posted tomorrow :)
"Do we need to do anything to maintain you?"
