“Cereal” Cas nods and opens a cupboard getting two bowls out and Dean gets up and wordlessly goes to the fridge, the mostly empty fridge he notes, and takes the cartoon of milk out.
“Yes.” Cas glances at him and adds. “He trusts me”
When he returns he tells them about Heaven and Amara and the changes she is making and that she has apparently fixed his grace, because she needs angels to keep Heaven powered up, meaning Cas has fully functioning wings. Great.
“Well, I wasn't able to do anything with the previous security hacking, but maybe I will with this one” Charlie says giving them a small hopeful smile and leaving to got to her office.
“You are completely taken by him.” she sighs like she is exasperated with Castiel, which is nonsensical because he never talks about Dean, everyone else, that's it Gabriel and Anna, do. And he is so uncomfortable every time they do, he doesn't know how to act or what to say when the brink him up.
But fortunately for him and his sanity, they have made progress on the case. And now he has something else to put focus on. He runs a hand through his hair, messing it up even more and watches the man on the other side of the glass as he darts his eyes around the room nervously. A security camera captured him carry, more so than support Mark Anderson, in the hotels’ hallway. With that they learned that the victims are still alive when they enter the hotels, but they are drugged and can barely walk.
“What happened to,
“You want to ditch me for a
“Cas,” he says almost pleadingly, but still grinning.
He is past the kitchen threshold when he hears “Jerk”.
“You know we had Hendrickson undercover on one of the drug cartels that were believed to be under Milton’s command” when he nods, she continues. “Well, he found out that Alistair, the guy working for Asmodeus, is meeting with him. Milton. For a shipment. This Sunday” She is taking deep breaths and has gotten up from her chair pacing. “I mean, can you believe it?”
He calls Aphrodite and starts reading to her, but at the first line she starts laughing and doesn’t stop for a minute. It’s not a good start and he gets frustrated the more he talks and he curses the whole thing and the whole of Greek language, that not to her face.
“A few.”
Dean hums, leaving chaste kisses on his lips, his hand behind his head running his fingers through his dark hair tagging softly and Castiel grips his side in answer. Then says against his lips,
“Yes?”
Then blue fills his vision and he releases a deep breath. Castiel takes the side of his face in his palm and Dean presses into it; the older man kisses him again and Dean feels himself unfold. He places his hand on Castiel’s shoulder and then moves it down his chest and his stomach and up his back, feeling him shudder softly and an odd satisfaction rises in Dean at the reaction. He is finally able to remove the other man’s slacks and then his boxers causing Castiel to stutter a breath and stop kissing Dean, pulling back. He is thick and long and Dean really wants to taste him, instead he takes him in his hand and pumps him a few times until Castiel reaches and squeezes his wrist and Dean, understanding, removes his hand.
“What eye thing?”
He moves at the head of the bed and Tom follows gazing down at him hungrily. He kisses his neck and chest a for a while, because Dean will allow him that and thinks about something else, like when he has to pay the rent or not to forget to send Sam the money tomorrow or that he desperately needs new shoes. He grunts and moans when he has to and adjust his breathing just so.
“So, whoever is doing this, goes after prostitutes” Hannah says with a hard expression on her face.
“Not for yourself.” She tilts her head and Dean feels her gaze all the way to his soul.
He swallows thickly and is saved by the waiter bringing their bill. Castiel pays, because Dean is the one driving them and willing to take him to pick up the wedding suit, hence covering the gas expenses, his words.
He glances around the standard hotel room and his eyes land on the dresser next to him and sees the money rolled up. He walks and removes his jacket leaving it next to them and senses him walking next to him.
“It’s alright. We will have muffins” Cas says, and Dean grimaces at him. “Besides, what you should really be eating is a salad or better yet a fruit salad, like the doctor said”
Castiel takes a sip from his coffee, “How is Sam?”
“There’s tea if you want,” she tells him eventually, turning her body so she is facing him.
“I won’t.” She promises, holding a palm up in surrender. “I won’t.”
“Stultus populus” She says angrily.
“Nothing” Dean says shaking his head.
He sighs and lays his head back down, closing his eyes. He reopens them after half a minute when he hears Castiel’s steps. He watches as he stands there looking down at Dean, with an unreadable expression, but he can see a hunger in his eyes.
“There are a lot of doors.” When he continues to stare at her unimpressed, she continues. “When gods die they go there too.”
Still, after she has said her goodbye to Claire, she tries to tell him something but he shuts her down and she gives him a look that he is too tired to interpreter.
“No” he breaths and raises from his seat abruptly. “Thank you” he tells him and walks out the office, without waiting for a reply. He closes his eyes once the door closes behind him and sighs. He opens them and finds Hannah looking at him with a raised brow.
Eventually, he grips the counter next to him and pushes himself up. A shiver runs down his spine and he doesn't fight the tears that well up in his eyes.
He turns around and walks up the stairs into his bedroom, closes the door and slides down against it.
thought you might want some coffee” Dean just huffs in response and Castiel can see him relax slightly.
“Always” he answers and sits at one of the stools in the middle island, clasping his hands on top. Cas hums in response and starts preparing the coffee and Dean notes the tension in his shoulders and it makes him tense up as well. Maybe this is a bad idea.
“Not at all” he replies with a small laugh “Though I don't know where I’ll go”
“He gave me barely enough money to get by and a 45 and he had only paid the motel for the next three days. So, on the fourth the manager knocked on the door and-”
“Shut up” he repeats and he can barely get the words out. “You don't- Do you even know what you are talking about? What? He’s going to come here and stay where? With me? You don't know where I live. He is certainly better of not knowing. And I’m, ‘m not anything, ok? Not some sort of a great person, or whatever you think I am. Don't make me sound like I’m, I’m
“What look?” Dean says defensively, blinking.
“Yes, it was taken a couple of years ago”
“Really?” And Dean never thought that this man would ever sound or look so excited, especially about something like that. Dean just shrugs nonchalantly. “Come on” He takes his hand, and he has no idea why he does that, and heads with him into the auditorium.
; a traitorous voice says but he pushes it back. It’s not like Dean wants to talk to him, and why would he? Castiel is a very plain person, the only remotely interesting thing about him is his cat and his books. Plus, socialising isn’t his strong suit. And even if he met Dean and talk to him, then what? They live in different worlds and probably,
It’s good. It feels incredible, thrilling and for once after a long time, he feels light on his feet. He can breathe easier. He has something to hope for tomorrow, someone to talk to about stuff he cares and doesn't care, that matter and don't matter. He can just be.
“But,” Sam starts contemplatively, “wouldn’t it make more sense to kill them and not their husbands.”
“It’s the smile” He says and he really doesn't want to elaborate.
“I know you are doing this so we can be connected in a way. But, Dean we are connected, I know we drifted apart for a while, but now we are doing better, aren’t we? You are my brother and I care for you.
He wakes up way later than usual, Oli is still next to him. Dean touches him softly and leaves a stuttering breath. He gets up after staring at the ceiling for too long. His brain is going fast and slow at the same time, and Dean just wants everything to stop. He makes coffee and takes the cup back to bed where he sips it slowly. He knows he needs to walk Oli, but can’t. God, he can’t, there are tears in his eyes again and he blinks them away almost angrily, not that he has the strength for anger.
“I love you” Dean tells him simply.
“What?” the brothers say at the same time.
And the problem is Dean doesn't mind. He knows what he wants, he can taste it at the tip of his tongue, he can feel it in the way his heart is beating, but he knows it is a fruitless want. One that only serves as an unattainable temptation. Still his stares don't waver, which is mirrored by the other man, making Dean think that all these would be easier if Novak didn't reciprocate. He doesn't all the time, which makes things worse, all these mixed signals and for what? Nothing is going to happen even if they were clear.
“Listen, he kills prostitutes, right? Well, if I see someone looking a bit suspicious or at least more than usual suspicious I’ll call you, ok?” he knows it’s not much, practically nothing, but he wants Cas to feel better. Anything to make that look from his face disappear. And he doesn't want to know why he wants that. He tells himself he is being nice and ignores the warning bells in his head.
“Anna!”
Dean grins at her and wiggles his brows.
“Sorry, no. They are the first to go, but we have some amazing cheesecakes” he says motioning with his hand. Dean hums in disappointment and Cas clears his throat.
The administrator Becky, one of the very few people Dean doesn't exactly like, but gets along well enough in this place, looks up at them when she hears them approach.
. He goes rigid in his seat and tries not to hyperventilate.
, he only does so, when he is running low on cash, which hasn't happened in a while. He usually waits at the various diners around it. Besides those who look, know where to find him. He particularly likes one diner that is an all-American classic, that has amazing burgers for it’s price.
“Dean”
Castiel looks at him impressed, and maybe a little proudly, “That's great Dean.”
On Saturday Sam has finally convinced him using Jack – Dean finds it hard to refuse him – to come help with the storage rooms.
Dean clears his throat and then sighs. It’s been like this for the last two days. He sits back down on the bench, leaving the gloves to fall on the floor. Oliver comes between his knees and Dean pets him again.
Castiel nods and smiles softly at her. “Alright then, let’s go”
“And a lot more after that. You telling me you don't want to come” she says smirking.
“We are not killing any miss Piggies” Dean says with a huff.
“You know forgery is illegal”
Dean closes his eyes groaning. He remembers he left the shoes by the stairs and curses under his breath. He hears the door open and a small squeal followed by an excited “Dad” and he opens his eyes abruptly, a chill running down his spine.
He gets dressed and has enough time to make a sandwich, before bolting out the door. He sees Marv, the guy from across the hall, sitting in front of his own door and flashes him a smile out of habit, but he is way too out of it to register Dean.
“They suspended me for a week anyways”
She nods, “You did it to survive.”
This was not how he wanted today to go. Not that he had planned today, but he certainly hadn’t intended for Amelia and Claire to meet Dean. He can’t believe he had forgotten that they were supposed to come today – like they do every Saturday -, but with Dean it was the last thing on his mind. He really can’t be thinking about him now, not if he wants to keep his sanity. Also, he knows that if he does, Amelia is going to know how tight his chest feels, how there is dread sitting heavily in his stomach and there is something squeezing his lungs making it hard to breath properly.
“There is always room for improvement” he rumbles. “You can borrow it. The book”
He watches him as he sets up the power point. He is wearing a dark suit and his blue tie is a little askew. When he is done and the first slide open on the screen, showing Albert Camus and underneath in smaller writing Dr C. J. Novak. Right the BA lead, perhaps he is sharing the course with Anna. He finally looks up, and Dean watches his eyes and thinks that the blue is familiar, but he can’t place it. Novaks’ expression is neutrally serious as he watches them, his eyes fall on Dean for a moment, just a second before looking at someone else. Then he starts to talk in a modulated deep rumble, that has Deans’ stomach flutter and he has to swallow.
He leaves the bar in a better mood than when he entered it, but it falls when he goes to an empty apartment. He says hi to Oli who greets him enthusiastically and takes him to his evening walk. When they return, he takes a shower and checks his phone after when he is lying in bed Oli on his feet, for the hundredth time, he knows Cas’ wouldn't have send something, his talk started ten minutes ago. It stings and he is somewhat angry at Cas; he ponders for a minute before writing.
“You don’t get to choose.” He manages and Cas step closer to him, his leg between Dean’s thighs making his breath hitch, feeling the heat on the inside of his thighs.
He suddenly feels the need to bolt, so Castiel won’t see him or worse talk to him. He has no idea why he feels this way, it’s not exactly shame but it is pretty close and he needs to leave. He doesn't like how he reacts when he is around Castiel, he is moving between comfort, which is ridiculous, shame and a sense like there is an abyss between them that, for whatever reason, Dean feels he can cross.
Cas asks if he would like to go see a movie with him on Wednesday and because Dean is a masochist (he snorts at that, making Benny look at him funny) he actually considers it. He tells him he can’t cause he is working late and can’t get out of it and spends the entire night grumpy, with Benny and now Jo sending concerned looks.
Cas, the asshole, chuckles, removing his belt and then his pants, painfully slow if you ask Dean, who huffs and seats up a bit and after tagging his pants and underwear down somewhat, he starts unbuttoning his shirt, causing Cas to let out a real laugh.
Dean listens Castiel’s deep baritone as he drones on about Virginia Woolf. His eyes staring at the book in front of him, opened at a random page, as he absently draws lines on the margins of the pages sticking out. The book was missing a few pages so he had to ask Alfie for a photocopy of those. He listens as he asks a question and then somebody’s answer and he thinks he needs to take Sam shopping this weekend, his jeans are getting short again. He sighs softly, drops his shoulders and stretches his legs as much as he can.
Dean has to look away, because who says that after sex. Who says that to Dean?
“It’s not a phone call,” Dean tells him stumbling backwards until he finds the bench and sits heavily down.
Sam is in fact gone.
Dean looks at Carmen, or at least her outline and tentatively starts to stroke her head and she starts to purr after a while, making Dean smile.
“That’s not- you are not-”
“Nah, I don't think I can read right now” he shrugs, trying to rid the tension of his shoulders, but it does nothing, in fact it makes him feel even more tense.
“Right. I'll leave you to it then” Hannah says and walks out of the room closing the door behind her, but not before sending a nasty look towards Dean, who huffs at the closed door.
They stay like that for a moment watching each other, atmosphere too charged to be awkward. Dean wants to say so much at that moment, he doesn’t know exactly what, but he knows that if he let himself go he would have the same pleading expression Castiel’s eyes had earlier, his words probably even more. But he is not like that. So he takes all those words, which half of them he doesn’t know and lets them travel into his hands and feet who itch to move from the energy of it all.
He hears Sam mumbling and frowns going back out with just his boxers, “What?”
“Dean”
Rather he takes a breath, then another one in hopes to appear more composed and walks out of his office, letter in his hand.
“Don't” Dean says loudly and then in a normal voice. “It- It’s nothing”
Dean scoffs “I’m not a, a wilting flower”
Donna has gone to Sioux Falls to stay with the girls for a little while. They need the time to stomach the situation with Chuck. Appearing and disappearing out of thin air, feeling as if they slept for a month and missed all the deadlines as Patience put it. But they are good for the most part, they are better together, Dean thinks.
“If you or Sam break it, you both die.”
After, he goes to work and feels like a walking mess moving around and fixing cars, for what is to come later. He goes to their apartment takes a quick shower, checks that Sam is alright, tells him that he is going out to the library, feels so guilty for lying to him, but he can’t bring himself to tell him the truth and drives to his first session.
want to” Crowley says like it means everything.
“Dean what are you-?” he is saying looking at him incredulously. “Do you need me to drive?”
Castiel moves towards them, feeling hypnotised and only when he stands in front of Dean does he break eye contact to look at Donna, who is looking at him in surprise and slightly suspicious.
Dean moves his head to the side, embarrassed, “Sorry”
“Hey,” Dean tells him before he can press play, “how was the talk?”
Castiel half hoped he would let that be, not that that was possible considering it’s Crowley and one would think that Castiel would have learned by now.
. It’s because of the look you get.”
There is silence at the other end of the line and Dean presses his lips together and rolls his eyes. “Ok. Alright,” he exclaims “I’ll come up”
Dean pauses, hand on the handle and shuts his eyes tightly, “Yeah”
Dean turns and fixes the pillows behind him so he can sit comfortably. And then a thought occurs to him. What if he needs to leave? What if that’s what Castiel is waiting or down in the kitchen? Maybe he is just giving Dean time and space to get dressed. Dean did invite himself over after all. Right. He wants to ignore the sting at his chest and he closes his eyes. He can’t let his guard down like that and he can’t be stupid about these things.
He tells Billie about him.
“You’re rebuilding Heaven?”
“Well, I had a friend at university” he starts and moves even closer to Dean, putting the book back in the shelf. “Meg, she- she was the first person I met there and she was the one to encourage me to go on with my decision to study history of art. See, I was supposed to study law, that's what my mother wanted, follow her foot steps and that's what Gabe had studied.” He continues leaning his back against the shelves and Dean watches him, willing himself not to ask anything. There is something in the otherwise neutral tone that Cas uses when talking about his mother, bitterness and melancholy maybe and something unfinished, that Dean recognises, knows.
“Now?”
“Shut up” Sam says, turning his head towards the window.
“Nah, I’ve written everything in the list, that you took from the fridge door” Sam tells him smugly, then his face turns serious and he asks “Did something happen?”
“I don't mind” Sam tells him turning to fully face him and there is a small panic in his face; Dean knows what’s coming, the whole accepting speech and he loves Sam for it, but this is not what this is about.
He spasms at the voice. Brings his knees close to his body and hugs them.
"You don't need to- I don't care. Either way you are still Dean"
. He really needs to stop this, it’s not good for him. He swallows a lump in his throat and leans back against the wall, trying to gain his thoughts back.
“Yes, we are good” Dean nods smiling and Castiel smiles back at him, though his is more contained.
“It is a Chevrolet Imp-”
“No, well yes. I love art” he says and walks, so he is standing just a few steps in front of Dean and touches the book, smiling faintly. “I-” he looses his voice for a moment and tries again. “I studied art history at university”
“There are on your neck too” Sam says, amused now, gesturing and Dean’s palm clasps around his neck in reflex.
It is. And Castiel stands there looking at him. He is sitting at one of the tables, back at the bookshelves separating each table, reading a book. He appears relaxed and at ease. Completely different from the last time Castiel saw him. It suits him. He looks more… Castiel can’t find a word. And he doesn't mind, he sees it and it’s enough.
“I’m meeting Balthazar on Monday morning to finalize everything, so everything will be taken care of by Friday, Saturday the latest” he still hasn't told Sam or Ellen or anyone really other than Benny and Cas. If everything goes well, he is planning on telling them all next Sunday.
“Man, really it’s fine. I wasn't looking where I was going” he says trying to ease him and making him stop rambling, and ok he doesn't remember his name but whatever, he has been too busy trying to keep up with all the things the nurses and doc have been telling him and doing. He hates been poked and touched like this. “You didn't even touch me with the car”
“It’s not” Cas says, his voice scratchy.
He gets into the elevator and closes his eyes, breathing deeply, the smell of floor cleaner is strong and it burns his nose a little, but he ignores it. He reaches his floor and gets out, heading to his office. He sees Hannah and Inias talking to each other and they both turn to look at him as they hear him approach.
“You never imagined this would happen?” Castiel’s expression is answer enough. Dean nods standing straight.
“I do, that’s why I’m asking you to say yes to Ash.” Dean closes his eyes and groans, spilling some of the sugar syrup he is holding on his hand. “She will only let me if you say yes. Please, I’ll owe you one” she adds doing the stupid puppy eyes and Dean can’t help but cave.
“What do they have in common?” Dean clicks his tongue grabbing the tablet. He scrolls through the articles and the police reports. There is a shift as Adam takes over, Dean doesn’t look over.
Dean holds up a hand making him stop. “It’s fine, I just wasn't expecting him to talk about me”
Benny just squeezes his shoulder in a
They look at each other for long moment, until he moves to sit next to her. He tries to keep his expression as neutral as possible but hers makes it hard to, it’s all raw emotion and hard eyes and behind a loss, carved into her, all across her body. He has only ever seen her like this when her mom died, the only thing different is that this time there is no desperation.
me and you know what the funny thing was?” because he can’t use another word for it, can’t say pathetic or sad or scary “In the beginning of her story I didn't realize the problems with what she was saying or why she was saying that what had happened to her was wrong and” he licks his lips “and abusive. And I was- I don't know if she realized about me and that’s why she approached me. She gave me her phone number and after two weeks I called her. I told her what was happening or at least some of it and she helped me, got into a support group and everything. I don't know exactly what happened with Alistair but I never saw him again. Well until yesterday.”
“Castiel?” she asks. Tentatively, concerned and Castiel almost can’t stand it.
, same
“Alright” he starts after a few seconds of waiting, and changes the slide where the definition of Absurdism is shown and starts explaining.
“But, you aren’t. I mean Dean, you have taken this weight and-” he continues as if Dean hasn't said a word this last few minutes or the last few years.
movie”, they head out of the theater. It’s a little chillier than before and Dean shivers at the change of temperature.
He says hi to Krissy and Maggie, who are serving tables, before taking a seat at the one end of the bar where no one is seating nearby. Benny comes up at him and asks, “A whiskey brother?”
“I need your word first.” When he looks at her in question, she laughs softly, “That neither you or your brother or Michael or whoever will go after me for this.”
“And?”
“Ok” Castiel says in an equal tone, fighting a smile and loses when Dean gives him a small, almost shy one of his own.
He moves to the front of the class and changes the slide, “We will start with the title” he says and his eyes, after moving across the rows, find Dean’s making the younger man swallow thickly. His eyes are sharp, but his tone neutral when he speaks again “It refers to a line from Macbeth, Act V, scene V. Can anyone tell me what Macbeth is about?”
Cas doesn't say anything for several seconds, just looks at him with sad, but determined eyes and Dean feels like he will hurl. “You know, saints are martyrs or confessors. So, no I don't want you to be a saint”
“Do you have pies?” he interrupts whatever Cas was going to say and he nudges him, but Dean ignores him.
He doesn’t calm down.
There is a knock on his door and then Charlie comes in, looking a little breathless. He raises his eyebrows at her, that was fast.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asks and moves to his room leaving the door open. He removes his shirt and jeans, throwing them in the laundry bin.
“Hello” Michael says with a self-conscious smile that is foreign on him. The brothers look at each other, eyes wide in disbelief. “I should probably,” he moves to sit next to Sam who automatically scoots over, making room for him. He moves his plate and cup of coffee towards him hastily and some of the coffee spills on the table. Dean stares at the dark liquid, eyebrows furrowed slightly then he looks up at Michael.
He smiles softly at her. “Sure thing, Rowena”
Dean rolls his eyes again and moves down the bar to get it, he can hear Castiel’s deep rumble and almost shudders. He needs to get a hold of himself. He takes two bottles back to them, who are engrossed in a conversation and pops one open.
“You sure?” he asks tentatively, Cas tends to be jumpy and grumpier than usual when he is tired.
“I haven’t found any Myrtle brunches.” He gives her a sarcastically cheeky grin and takes a gulp from his whiskey. Feels it going down his throat, burning pleasantly and then the headiness at the front of his mind for a couple of seconds.
“You are not easy to find.” He doesn’t take his eyes from her, tracking every move, from the way she take the glass to her mouth slowly and gracefully, to the way the moves her legs to cross them, to the small breath she takes after she swallows.
They sit there for over an hour.
Dean gives her a tight smile, which she doesn't return and moves to stand next to him and check some stuff on the machine and all the other shit, that he doesn't know the name of, nor does he want to know. He just wants to leave, because one he hates hospitals and two he has no insurance. They haven’t figure that out yet, or the fake ID and he hopes he will be out of here before they do.
“Dude, I’m fine”
He doesn't speak for the rest of the day, not even in the park when Sam falls flat on his face, tripping on his own feet.
It strangely makes him feel wanted, really wanted, in a deep and different way than what he felt with other people in the past.
He turns to look at Cas and opens his mouth to respond.
“Hello, Dean” Castiel’s voice is rough and he has dark circles under his eyes.
Dean turns his head to look at him. He is calm and collected and he has this foreignness to him like Cas had in the beginning, he had it in the end to but you had to look to find it.
“Cas, it’s fine” The nick name kind of slips, he doesn't mean too and he is not sure he regrets it. Castiel doesn't seem to mind and he looks relaxed and pleased.
They stay like that until their breathing is even, trading kisses lazy kisses and small smiles and Dean feels almost like a kid; a laugh, that he doesn't externalize, bubbling in his chest. Cas pulls out, just before it gets disgusting and they wordlessly move to the bathroom.
They choose a table next to a window and sit down, silently sipping their coffees and eating the cookies.
“Yes” Sam says and glares, “but I don't need to see this” he nods at Dean’s lap, causing him to frown and look down.
Dean hastily gets up and follows her through the door. It leads to a hallway with a lot of doors and on the other end of it there are double doors. He sees her turn on a room on his right and follows her in. It is a standard examination room, with a bed and all. It is also white. What’s up with all the white? His palms are a little sweaty. He sits on the bed and Dr MacLeod turns to him with smiles. She rather beautiful, Dean things idly through all the haze in his brain.
“Shut up,” he grumbles, “and get naked”
Cas gasps above him, cursing and he slowly starts thrusting into him, picking up the pace gradually, until he is moving hard and fast. And Dean never really understood how much he wanted Cas until now. How this thing that flattered in his chest and up his throat threatening to suffocate him every time he looked at Cas, and that impossible pull that he felt towards him, is nothing compared to what is happening to him now. He feels drunk and dizzy and losing himself to the feeling of Cas on top of him, but there is an absolute clarity of everything around him as well. Dean moves to meet him, clenching around him and making him moan. There hands and mouths everywhere, and Cas props himself in one hand and with the other he takes Deans’ cock and start stroking him and Dean is lost.
When he is on the third finger and moving slowly, while kissing Dean all over, when the younger man finally snaps, huffing. And Castiel, the asshole chuckles, against his collarbone and Dean huffs again, more dramatic now.
“Hey” Dean swallows eyeing the dark liquid and then turns his eyes to the other man whose shoulders relax under the trench coat.
He balances two hands either side of Dean and a knee between his legs, and looks down at him grinning, before kissing him again. They get his shirt off as well, and Cas kisses down his chest, over the line of his boxers, completing ignoring his erect cock, before moving at the inside of his thighs, making Dean moan and arche and
“I don’t know what we are doing. I don’t know what we are going-, I don’t know what we are doing” he says quietly. He wants to say, I
She dumps her shoulder against his and shakes her head.
Dean watches him until he slips through the door and then continues to stare at the door for a minute or so. He feels lightheaded and confused and a little happy and he hates that. He sticks his hand in his pockets and walks towards the general direction of his apartment complex, maybe he will catch a bus or something.
“No, what?”
“Sure. Lead the way”
The other man looks up at him, “Alright”.
Dean rolls his eyes “Sam it is eleven thirty here, and you are always mindful of when you call”
That's another thing that bothered him, the way he had said the word friends, as if it implied something that only Castiel knew the meaning of.
“Ugh, nothing. It’s not of import.” he responds shifting in his feet. And if Dean didn't know better he’d say, he is nervous.
He knows he isn’t being entirely honest, and he knows she knows, his mood for the last six days being the biggest indicator, but he doesn't want to talk about it with her. In the beginning he didn't want to talk about with anyone, it’s why he cancelled Monday session with Crowley, until his thoughts and feelings made him want to crawl out of his skin and he couldn't bare it any longer.
A moment later the door opens. Dean watches as his feet get closer to him and then comes face to face with him.
He smiled and a bittersweet feeling overtook him. He thought about the people in the photograph and felt like all those things happened a lifetime ago and maybe to someone else. He doesn't know why he had that thought, it troubled him, made him feel like he was becoming a distant memory, maybe he was or more precisely the person in the photograph along with Mick was. He knew he was completely different from that twenty-two-year-old. And the thing that made him feel a bit guiltier, was that he was happy about it. He, also, wondered idly if the person he was now was someone that Mick would have liked, not that it mattered now, but it was just a thought that he didn't care the answer for.
He doesn't know who moves first, perhaps it’s him, he does stupid things like that, but then he feels warm and lips touching his and on instinct he kisses back. It’s hesitant and exploring, as if they are mapping each other out first, before it turns into something more needy, more instinctually. Dean pushes forward and opens his mouth when he feels Novak’s tongue on his lower lip, and shudder runs down his spine. There is a heat that moves from his chest to his lower stomach and he relishes in it.
Dean learns the name too, bisexual.
“Hello, Dean”
for Dean. And has been wanting this since, maybe the second time he saw Cas.
"You were scared," Dean corrects, a flicker of anger igniting in his chest. "You were scared of what I'd say,"
“I didn’t-”
“Yeah” Dean says trying to sound nonchalant and failing miserably.
He moves down the bar, without waiting for a reply and takes the order. He starts preparing the margaritas, humming under his breath. He gives them to the women and lingers behind the bar. Everyone seems to be doing alright, apart from the guy on his three o’clock. Dean needs to remember not to give him anymore tequila.
“And it felt good- you felt good. And I’m happy for that.”
“Seriously don’t beat it. I get it”
“Do you think that maybe he just doesn't want me?” he says at last, looking at Crowley uncertainly, feeling small in a way he hasn't in a long time.
“Hmm” she turns and unlocks a cupboard, taking out a file. “Well the last one was two months ago, so want to schedule on for next Wednesday morning?”
“I got it” Sam tells him and gets up, and Dean nods sitting up slightly.
He hands the test to the older man, who skims through it, recognition flashes in his eyes and tells him, “What you wrote about objective correlation was correct, I just wanted you to elaborate more, here” he tells him and looks to the side of his desk and Dean hears a drawer open. Novak takes a paper out passes it to Dean. “You could talk a bit more about Eliot, Keeley and Seferis. Explain more how the term came to be, other than that, your understanding of it is correct.”
Castiel lets the words sink for a moment before speaking again, his voice a little scratchy.
He passes the clinic, but doesn't get inside, like he would have otherwise done, he has a feeling, that if he sees Rowena, everything will come up and choke him. Thus, he continues to walk and tries not to think about anything and especially about that day in the coffee shop. He isn’t particularly successful at that.
“Yes” Dean says softly gravitating towards him.
“Yeah.”
He likes the man’s office though, it suits him, he thinks, as he moves to take a seat in front of the man’s desk. The entirety of the left wall is taken by a bookcase, while the opposite wall has a smaller bookcase which has folders, and next to it is a painting. The seven works of mercy, Dean recognizes. He smiles faintly, before turning at Novak who is studying him.
“Did you talk with Crowley?” she asks after a few seconds.
“Sure” he doesn't even have to think about it, at this point he would eat anything.
“Awesome. See you” and he all but flees from the room.
But then he hadn't done anything, certainly hadn't said anything after. Perhaps it was the way he talked in general, the way he moved, he knew people made comments about people like-
He frowns slightly, titling his head. “What’s wrong?”
Thankfully, it’s the first door he opens and breaths a sigh if relief. He feels a little relaxed now that he is in here alone. There is a reason why he doesn't stay the night, he doesn't know how to do this.
“Practice makes perfect” he tells him sardonically.
So when he does come out of his room to an empty kitchen a relieved sigh escapes him. He makes coffee and drinks it there quietly, then makes another one and takes it with him to the library.
“You already know who I am.”
After a moment Cas takes the lube and before opening it asks, “You sure?”
“It’s fine” he says and doesn’t know exactly what is, regardless he repeats “It’s fine”
Dean shuts his eyes tightly and breaths.
“Perhaps we should move” Castiels says, voice impossibly deep, causing the heat on Dean’s lower stomach to intensify.
She gestures to the other woman and she gets up to follow her, as Mrs Clarke disappear behind the door, Dr Moseley turns to Dean and says. “There’s no need to be nervous, dear”
“I can see that.”
“Yep” he responds simply, putting his hands in his pockets and giving Benny a tense smile.
“But?” He asks taking a bite of his slice.
“Fries?” Dean supplies with a chuckle.
Sam rolls his eyes, muttering something that Dean doesn't catch but ignores it. If there is one thing he learned since Sam turned twelve is that, with teenagers there are a few things you need to let them slide. Like muttering and eye rolls.
He knows she is right in her way of thinking, still she doesn't know everything, so he says, “That's not all I did”
“Since everything is good, and you don't need any adjustments, I’ll just pack it for you and you can take it” Benjamin says, and Castiel nods at them and walks back in the dressing room and Dean exhales in relief, shifting in his seat.
“It’s just everybody loves fries”
“They kicked me out” He answers with a small shrug.
“And the other clinic, they didn't take it very well?” She asks a little slowly.
“Oh, no.” He hears her say almost offended at the idea.
“We will find him” she says with determination after a moment, raising her eyes to look at him.
He takes her to the windmill with him whenever he goes now. It’s nice watching her run around entertaining herself and being silly, makes him want to smile. It’s good to be there with another presence.
He rolls his eyes at her and moves a few feet down the bar where a guy is signaling for a refill and Dean nods, only taking him a moment to remember his order, before reaching for the gin bottle and the sugar syrup.
“I can’t”
Dean had learned for a very young age to be self-sufficient in his wants, in his needs and in his emotions. Whatever wasn’t filled by others he filled himself. He knew how to hold his hand. Perhaps that is a reason why he never had an imaginary friend.
“Yeah, I mean it has been a while since we went to the roadhouse and I promised that I would”, he shrugs, finally recalling their plans.
He needs to go. He hears Castiel say something that is followed by a woman’s voice that is coming closer to the kitchen as the seconds go by and he has only a moment to collect himself before she enters the kitchen.
“Thank you” Castiel says at last, making Dean furrow his eyebrows in confusion. “For Gilda”
The arms that curl around his body, the hands that map it. The low rumble that says his name. When he is in that space where dreams bleed into reality and he cannot tell it was a dream until he opens his eyes all the way, that is the worst.
And then the door opens with a loud thump at the wall, making everyone jump. Dean turns his head, and that beep sound coming from the machine is because he got scared from the door.
, Cas kisses him like he is starving, like he never had anything like Dean. Like- like he was
“I was taking a shower upstairs.” She licks her lips, swollen from the biting and trembling. “We were going to watch a movie. We were both so busy lately at the hospital, we-” she stops again trying to collect herself.
All Castiel can do is sit there, sip his coffee and watch Dean cook. He feels the need to go up to him and kiss his exposed neck. He remembers how he felt last night and grips his cup tighter with both hands, taking a big gulp of coffee.
Sam has come a long time ago. He has a house, with Eileen near the center of the little town they've built, close to mom and dad's. They ran a library, which Dean, when he first saw just laughed for five minutes straight. Clapped him in the shoulder and told him,
Castiels eyes meet his and Dean can see his chest moving up and down as if he run here.
“I- I wanted” he stops “You have been”
“I need you to come with me on the operation.” She says and when she sees his expression she continues “No, listen. I have the SWAT, I’ve got Victor and Cesar, but it was your case too”
“Well,” Dean starts defensively.
“Your pain is very strong.” He freezes, the glass cool against his mouth. He doesn’t tip it, his throat contracting around nothing. “Like Orfeas.” She says the name in Greek, the r rolling in her tongue strong.
“What?” he croaks after seconds of Sam rambling.
Castiel turns to Dean decisively “What time does the movie start?” Gabriel makes a sound at that, but Dean ignores him.
“It’s ok, Sammy” he says getting up, cutting him off, already feeling a headache forming “I’m going to get ready for work”
He got him a little more than a year ago, well actually Eileen practically dumped him on Dean. Some asshole had left a box with eight of them behind Sam and Eileen’s’ building; Sam found them one day by chance. Oli and two girls where the only alive ones. They took them to the vet, who checked them, told them they weren’t more than three weeks old and gave them the appropriate care instructions. But they couldn't keep them, they already had a dog and despite being dog lovers, didn't really want any more, so they put an add. Unfortunately, one of the girls didn't make it past the third night, the other one was given within the second week, but Oli was still there after three weeks. He was a little shy and skittish, no one could blame him, but seemed to like Dean, who in return wasn't very fond of him. It wasn't anything personal, Dean just wasn't fond of dogs, he still isn’t by the way, Oli is an exception, as he told everyone countless of times.
“Ok.”
The look Cas gives tells him that he doesn't believe him, but Dean doesn't care much. This argument about dad, it’s so old, and yet it hurts as if it happened yesterday. He doesn't blame them though, Sam and Cas, they aren’t Dean and ultimately, they didn't live it, even Sam. They don't understand how, in the smallest moments that John would stop being whatever he had become and was a dad, not a normal one but one that Dean could depend on, could trust that if he closed his eyes he would still be there, that’s all of Deans’ childhood. And all those moments are interwind with all the others and he can’t let go of them. He feels that if he admits that John was everything that Sam says he was he will lose them, and all that will stay is a half empty person who John used around to delude himself he still had a family.
“Don't. Just don't” he chuckles humourlessly and shake his head.
“Did you notice anything odd in the house?” Dean asks taking a bite form his burger and groaning softly, it’s really good, not too soggy not too dry and the spices just perfect.
He thinks about how out of all the universes they only had one chance and they didn't even get that one.
When Crowley doesn't say anything, he adds “Or just laid on the couch”
“Jackson High”
“I’ll be there” he reassures her again, then “So the crush on Baum is” he trails off, gesturing with his hands.
“No, but I don't need to see you like this” Sam says sourly, “Anyways,” he stops hesitating.
“That depends on you. Whether you want to stop feeling this way or not. Getting over your guilt isn’t easy, but if you take a step back whenever you start feeling it and try to rationalise it, you will see that it’s not based on anything real, and you will slowly let it go. You are not a bad person Castiel, you need to remember that”
He drives to his apartment to get ready for his shift, his phone burning a hole in his jeans, because somehow, despite his best efforts, they ended up exchanging phone numbers.
Castiel tightens his arms around him, and Dean tries to calm down. He takes deep breaths and fists Cas’ shirt in one of his hands. He wants to say many things, all of which seem so small and barely enough, so he tells him.
“Yeah, but he never actually decided on it”
They don't kiss, Dean doesn't kiss.
“Well, then. The courses should appear on your timetable and student page by eight o’clock this evening, if they haven’t either email me or Deveraux”
“Just thinking”
Novak releases a small laugh and Dean mirrors him. And now, they are standing in a hallway, grinning at each other like morons. Something swells in Dean’s chest and he has the overwhelming urge to kiss him, so he does just that. The other man, lets a surprised breath between them, but then responds, hesitantly, like Dean in his office. It lasts not more than five seconds, and when Novak pulls back, Dean has to swallow a sound. There is an overwhelming feeling rising in his chest, that threatens to stop his breathing and he tries to suppress it. But he needs to touch and taste and just-
“Dean-” he repeats and the concerned look is back again this time five times worse and Deans’ shoulders slump.
Sometimes he thinks about it in the morning when everything in numb and he is going with the motions.
The wind mill, after Lucifer killed Cas, worked similarly. On the hours after Dean had gone there he was calmer, not satisfied, but the void in his chest was somewhat filled. It was as if he was connecting with Cas.
“Uh, no. It’s the second”
He walks out and sees Tom glance up at him, before turning his gaze down and starts typing something on his phone. Dean gets dressed and even though he is aware of the eyes watching him, he does so without being in a hurry. Still there is a part of him that wants to turn around and tell him to get lost.
to be wrong. But then the man turns fully at the light and Dean can’t breathe. His stomach is fluttering and he might throw up.
Cas groans from next to him. Face buried in the pillow.
And really Dean is just lying there in all his glory, cock licking in his stomach and Cas is just up there admiring him. Not that Dean doesn't like it but he needs-
“Come on” Cas says and Dean follows him as he crosses the street and towards the station.
“Dean” he blurts, and he doesn't know why. He turns in his seat and looks at him. Novak turns as well and stares at him for a few seconds.
“We’ll see” Dean says teasingly, putting his hands in his pockets.
He opens up a new word document, writes todays date and waits, for the lecture to start. The email he received on Tuesday, containing the course schedule for semester A, and the emails and offices of the module leader plus lecturer, Dr Anna Milton, and English Literature BA programme lead Dr C. J. Novak, like he would ever contact
“I’m good”
“That's fine, I went with Gadreel on this pizza place last Sunday, it was great. Want to go there?”
There is more silence. Novak chuckles, “I am not saying that you shouldn't go to university, but it should be something you want. And that people change their mind and professions a lot more often than you think. Just because you have set out to do something now, doesn’t mean you are going to keep doing it in ten or twenty years.” He watches as people nod and then adds “I mean, my brother has a PhD in religious studies and then he started working, and is still working, as a pornstar”
“Nice to meet you Dean.” She says amusement clear in her eyes. “I’ll see you later” it sounds like a promise. Dean stands there for a second looking at her back as she heads down a corridor. Right. He blinks and heads towards the direction Anna showed him. His steps flatter a little, but he pushes himself to continue.
“Interesting” at Dean’s eye roll, he asks “Not very interesting shit, huh?”
“Hey” he says leaving his bag on the floor and taking a seat in front of her desk.
She is beautiful, the kind that makes her almost unapproachable. Her face is a perfect symmetry, Da Vinci’s golden ratio. Her eyes are deep blue and Dean wants to make her bleed.
Castiel swallows, for a moment he doesn't know what to say and he just sits there staring at him. He lets emotions pass through him, hate, anger, sadness, until he isn’t sure what he is feeling. So, he says exactly what he sees.
“No, I am good” He looks at Dean and smiles, a wistful smile. A little sad, Dean thinks. “You know, it’s been a while since I last went to the movies”
Castiel moves to the fridge and takes out a food container that has lasagne from yesterday and places it into the microwave. He takes the plates from the cupboard and places them on the counter, without turning to look at Dean. He feels weird, like things are moving slower, like his movements are slow even though he knows they aren’t.
He futilely tries to rid his mind of all thoughts. He counts to twenty twice. Focus to the sounds that come from outside. Gets rid of all the images that remind him of him, pushes them at the back of his mind.
"How?" Dean asks over what Cas was about to say next.
He continues to gasp and let out small whimpers that for the life of him he cannot stop, not even when he is out in the hallway or at the safety of his room. It seems to be getting worse the moment he closes the door behind him. He stumbles and falls missing the edge of his bed and he lands on the floor his back against the side of it.
“So, Mr Entwistle, looks like you can go” she says with cheeriness in her voice that it’s a little off putting.
Dean rolls his eyes and Sam throws him another bitch face.
The next morning is a repeat of yesterdays’ with the difference that Dean has to cook. He thinks of pasta with some pesto, he is certain they have a jar in the fridge, except he feels weird today and upon opening the cupboard, finds a pack of lasagna and decides that yes beef lasagna it is.
He shrugs.
The differences between the two are so smooth but with an undercurrent of similarity, and filling one another in their movements and words, that Dean knows it has nothing to do with them sharing one body. It unnerves him sometimes, it is as if he is watching a private moment and the flame in his chest reignites consuming, causing his stomach to drop in an anxious anticipation of something. Like something tremendous is happening before his eyes that he cannot see, is how he sometimes felt around-
“I’ll be right back” Castiel tells him and he gets up and out of the room before, Dean can get a word in.
“Don't be” he grins at him, despite himself, the muscles on his face feeling odd and Cas shakes his head and sighs.
“But you didn't like drug enforcement as much as homicides” she says softly, interrupting his thoughts, with a knowing look.
“Is this your first time in a clinic like this?” She asks and there is a knowing look in her eyes.
All these wouldn't be a problem, he muses, if Cas was an asshole or at least uninteresting, but unfortunately for him he is neither of these things, ok maybe he is a bit of an asshole, as he has come to find, but in an endearing and absolutely likable way. Guy makes texting seem amazing and Dean hates it or at the very least dislikes and avoids it, and perhaps it’s Deans’ crush talking, but Cas is the most fascinating person he has met in a while. Not to mention that he just throws random facts all the time, and not even in a condescending way, which leave Dean momentarily awed, smiling like an idiot on his phone screen. And yeah, Dean is screwed.
“You stalking me or something?” he asks in a quiet voice, full of irritation. His posture stiffens. He is on guard, Castiel notes.
He takes the burger in his hands and takes a bite and has to hold back a moan. He chews slowly and swallows opening his eyes and staring at Castiel who is smugly looking at him.
pathetic.
“Dean, upstairs”
“I -” he looks up at Cas eyes, that are watery and Dean chokes back a sob. Cas never cries, or at least he has only cried twice before.
He runs a hand across his face and sighs. He turns the radio on, lets Bod Dylan fill the car and his mind and closes his eyes. He voids himself from most of his thoughts and enjoys those seconds of silence. It takes him all but a minute before he reaches for his phone and texts Sam, then without waiting for a reply he starts driving.
He is browsing the shelves, when he sees them. A bunch of history of art books and text books. Dean frowns, picking up one and turning to look at Cas who, when realises what Dean is holding flushes, ducking his head.
“You are the one sitting across from the police station.”
He keeps pressing the button but the music doesn’t stop and the song is-
"You left me" he accuses. Out of all the things he had thought to say that's what comes out.
“What I don't understand is why were
A voice rips through the silence, startling Castiel from his thoughts. He turns on his left giving Anna a bewildered look, as she walks to stand next to him.
It’s on those days where he will buy coffee from the coffee shop, eat a muffin and sit on a table by the window and watch the people on the street (Crowleys’ instructions - do something you enjoy).
“Because no one did.”
you were getting married that Friday you came to the bar.”
“I think there is something wrong with the button.” Sam says after a second, quietly, needlessly. He is watching Dean carefully, as if he can break from just a wrong look or the wind blowing a little harder than normal. It’s how he looked at him in the kitchen after they found Cas’ phone number. Except this is much worse.
And Dean hates it. Hates himself more.
“I-” Castiel starts then stops himself, licking his lips, “I know we don’t know each other, I know this is just- I don’t mean to presume” then stops again pressing his lips together, seemingly annoyed with himself, “What I am trying to say is” he pauses again, pondering with a frown taking his features and Dean gives him an expectant look, “Thank you”
Dean gets up far more hastily than he would like and knocks on the door, opening it without waiting for a reply and closing it with a thump that makes him visibly cringe.
“What is it?” Castiel asks and looks at Gabriel with a frown, who in return looks defensively at him.
He nods his chin towards the file and she huffs amused. “Ok, yes. I do need you for something but first, I wanna know how you are”
He doesn't talk much, in fact, it’s Billie that does most of the talking. Which baffles Dean, because he is certain he is the one who is supposed to do the talking, but she doesn't seem to mind.
She huffs “I am just glad you said that and not something like last time” That makes Dean laugh. “You made the poor woman so embarrassed.”
He glances at Dean, then frowns at the steam coming out of the open bathroom door.
“I love him so much,” she says wobbly, softly and Dean glances down at his hands. “I never thought I-” she lets out a humorless chuckle, “Doesn’t matter now.”
“Esme, listen” he starts working around the lump in his throat, for a reason he can’t explain his heart is beating loudly in his chest as if he is anticipating something. “These stuff you can’t let it-” he shakes his head, every word becoming harder and harder. “It’ll eat you alive and you will want to isolate yourself, but don’t. I know you think that the people around you they can’t help you, but they can. Not immediately and not with their words or actions but they can bring a normality. A sense of stability.”
“He doesn't mind?” he voice sounds weird in his ears, but he ignores it. He doesn't like this, he doesn't like letting others do things for him, especially when he can deal on his own or they are this big. And he doesn't even want to think about Cas’ dad. Not even a little bit.
He knocks on her door and hears her make a sound that's probably positive and he walks in. He takes a look at her slumped shoulders and her wild hair, that he knows it’s because she has run her hands through them in frustration. Grading day.
“It’s fine Dean-o” he says simply, sizing him up. Dean nods and moves towards the door, when he reaches it Gabriel speaks again.
He has barely enough time to turn himself away and find the toilet seat before he is throwing up the lunch they had an hour ago. The smell fills his nose and he gags. He scrambles to flash the toilet still on his knees. He has the sudden urge to beg but stops himself. The only being that mattered enough to is gone. He doesn’t even know what he is going to beg for, forgiveness maybe or retribution.
“The note was personal. Far too personal for something like this” She frowns and drums her fingers against her thigh. “Why would he send something like that to you?”
Another night, he hears them while he is on his knees sucking a guy off in an alley and for a second he thinks that Cas is there, behind him, but that's just stupid. Doesn't stop him from shuddering though, and he has to hold himself back from crying. Thankfully the guy doesn't notice, not that Dean would care if he did at this point.
He swallows, mules it over in his mind. Sam is going to be pissed, Michael and Adam too. He runs a hand across his mouth and says, “You have my word. And the killings they stop.”
A sigh. And then softer “I just don't want you to ruin it for him”
She levels him with a look and then patiently waits for him. He adverts his eyes and looks out the window, he feels the heaviness in his chest growing and it almost crushes him, it was already hard to breathe through it. His eyes don't water and he doesn't take a shuddering breath. He just balls his fist and swallows around everything that has been happening for the last twenty two years and after a minute he turns back at her and her patient eyes, and sighs, “What do you want me to say?”
She hums and after a moment she asks. “What’s the profile?”
deeply. He feels Castiel’s hand in his back and turns his head to the side and kisses his neck.
Dean lands on his back with a small puff of air and a grin tugging on his lips and Cas scowls down at him hands on either side of his face.
“They are not.”
“Unless you want to leave, then fine. But if it’s for whatever other reason, you can eat with me”
“Yes, like, ugh, like” Lisa nods, now with anxious enthusiasm and reads from her laptop screen,
When he doesn't continue. “Are what? You are an art enthusiast?”
Dean makes a noise, and Novak turns his head to look at him in the eyes, causing him to inhale sharply. God, Novak looks good all disheveled, half-lidded and lips red from kissing. He moves forward and gives him a chaste kiss and then another, until Novak is the one to make a protesting sound and deepens the kiss.
“My family doesn't own everything.” he says with amusement. “Just-“
“How are we?” Dean asks sarcastically, an edge on his voice and he has to grip the coach to keep control of his hands.
Ok, this is shit. But I’ve re-written it a hundred times and it just wont cooperate with me.
Cas face crumbles. "I didn't know if you wanted-"
Dean shoves his hands in his pockets and he really needs to go before he does something he’ll regret. He moves around him, careful not to touch him despite how close they are standing and grasps the door knob. He opens his mouth slightly and catches himself before he says his name or something ridiculous. Despite that, Castiel takes half a step closer to him and Dean really should go but-
After a beat or two, he uncrosses them and leaves them hanging by his sides. Did he always have that much difficulty in where to put his arms?
Dean doesn't say anything, he just breaths, in from his nose out from his mouth.
“Dean-”
God, Dean loves him so much. His heart settles and he breaths a little easier.
“Mhm” he agrees, they do need a bed or something. The couch behind him seems fine. But he doesn't move towards it, he just reaches with his hands and undoes one of Castiel’s button causing the other man to inhale sharply. He places his palm on the base of his neck, just above his heart and feels the warm, smooth skin below and kisses him. It starts like the one before, but when Dean feels Castiel’s hand in his lower back, under his shirts, something crumbles in him or maybe it ignites, he doesn't know and he pushes forward and deepens it. Castiel responds with the same fervor and now it feels like they are trying to take things from each other, what he doesn't know, or perhaps as if they are trying to consume each other. It’s overwhelming and intoxicating and Dean needs to feel more of it.
“I’m aware” he replies skipping through some notes Hannah has made.
Warnings: talk of noncon/ talk of edgeplay (for those who don't know, it is the term for sexual behaviours more dangerous than other BDSM practices, bloodplay – mentioned here – is one of those)/ knife play/ bad BDSM practices
Dean nods and they get up, go in the kitchen. He watches him as he heats up the lasagna Dean made. They eat in silence, that is until Dean remembers
“Dean”
“Goodnight, Dean”
The only connection they could find was the high school, because the first victim’s kids go there,  Bennett’s wife works there and finally Hunt grew up in the town, so he too was a student. It’s a stretch by a long shot but it’s all they have.
“Look, Cas. I’m sorry” when he gets no response, he continues rubbing his neck “I shouldn't have reacted like that.”
“Hello Dean.”
Dean is the one that huffs a laugh now, honest this time “It’s not a shot”. Plus, certain beers are good in room temp, just not this one.
Which is precisely why he is lying on his bed, naked trying to control his breathing. He reaches with his hand and takes a tissue wiping his hands as best as he can and then throws it somewhere at the feet of the bed. He closes his eyes tightly and tries to get the image of Cas out of his head, but fails miserably and the pleasure that he felt a minute ago, is giving room to the very knowing feeling of guilt that starts surfacing in his chest.
Dean glances around as some people groan or shift and sigh. He tries to keep his face neutral and figure out in his head how he is going to keep up with everything. Milton moves to the desk and opens the projector and starts the power point slides. She is introducing literary devices and elements and Dean can already tell this is going to be a hell of a class.
“They called me. Saying there was a
“Hello, Dean”
“You got something?” He asks her hopefully.
Cas does so in the menu, and asks “I thought you liked the sound of French, even if you don't know what they are saying”
“Who’s that?” he asks, but half way through he knows the answer.
Dean did better than he thought he would, but he does have questions, because he was fairly certain what he wrote on the third question was correct but apparently not.  But he isn’t sure he can go to see Novak. Something curling in his stomach, causing something else to erupt in his chest at the thought. They finish the lecture with a note on next week’s work, the sound and the fury and Dean tries to think of a way to be able to afford buying the book, since he hasn't been able to find it in any second hand bookstore and online the postage costs the whole book from a bookstore.
close.
They are busy at work from Wednesday, which means that Dean has to stay at the garage more, which means less time to study for the literature test. He barely has the time to finish the essay -turns out he didn't completely fuck up the last one- for the class on Thursday, he submits it ten minutes before the deadline, hopes it’s not complete shit and ignores the part of his brain that worries for how Novak will think of him after reading it.
“I did” Dean rolls his eyes.
“I’m not getting angry” he says defensively. “You sound like Sam, when he tries to convince me he should get a part time job to fucking
Dean rolls his eyes and turn to look into his eyes, “What about?”
“I’ve told you about him. Castiel Novak,” Sam says emphasizing the name and shooting him a disapproving look.
Dean knows.
“I am sorry” he says before picking it up, then “Hello,” his tone clipped, he turns and faces the window on their left, his free hand playing with a napkin idly.
He nods at her and that's as far as she goes because Charlie and Gilda show up, but Benny does shoot him a concerned look, that Dean doesn't dismiss, he just motion for him later and the other nods.
“Hey,” he coughs, shifting in his seat slightly.
Dean presses his lips together and exhales. “Listen, I don't know what your deal is, and I thought you were better than this but-”
It occurs to him now, even though he has lived it, has
He is laying on his side, palm up in the middle between them.
“Busy” Dean tells them shrugging and Jo rolls her eyes.
He rolls his hips and starts singing in his head over the hills and far away, drowning out the sounds coming from the man under him, but doesn't forget to participate in making sounds as well. He feels the hands on his hips tighten and after a while he feels Toms’ movements getting sloppier and then he stills, a grunt leaving his mouth and Dean can feel his cock pulsing and emptying inside the condom and sighs.
He takes a deep breath, to steady himself. “Do you want to meet around one?”
“Sorry”
“It wasn't the end of the world Dean, I just couldn't look out the window while I studied-”
Benny sighs next to him, and then in a serious tone says “Don't get sappy on me. I can deal with you moping for hot guy, but not that look on your face”
Dean continues to stare into his eyes, losing himself for a moment. It’s a calm, reassuring feeling, that overtakes him, covers him like a blanket, it’s almost safe. If Dean had half a brain, and if he was able to use it around Castiel, he’d realize how dangerous that is.
“Dean really I don't mind.” Castiel assures him and gives him a wavering smile, because if he lets himself, he will grin like a madman.
Sam ignores him, turning his head back to the TV, knowing fully well that Dean is deflecting, and just says, “Just don't forget the list. Again.”
After he gets his fill, Dean calls him over and kneels in front of him, earning a lick in the face, making him grin and pets him some more, “You are such a good boy, you know that? Huh” He attaches the leash to his collar and they leave the park.
Castiel hates this more than anything. There was no progress with the first victim, which makes him feel small and inadequate and frustrates him even more. He shakes his head slightly and begins to drive towards the station. After a few minutes he opens the radio. He tries to listen, to distract himself a little, but he can’t make out the words and it is just noise, which agitates him more. So, he turns it off.
“Always mindful. Wow, you are becoming eloquent”
He hears a door close and exhales, puts his hands on the table, then on his legs and then crosses them again.
A silence follows after that, where they both stare at each other. Dean with a pleading expression and Castiel with hard eyes and lips pressed into a firm line. After a while, Dean clears his throat.
“Actually Doc, it wasn't a nice experience the first time.” He says rubbing his hands on his knees.
“No,” responds Cas simply, half amused, half relieved, placing a hand in his arm “Dean.”
It’s grounding but it also makes Dean float, light as nothing. He becomes aware of every nerve ending of his body, every part of him, but it’s not like when he was tortured in Hell. It feels like something Dean doesn’t have a word for, but it’s familiar and very intense, it makes his toes curl.
“Two beers” Sam says with a small question aimed at Castiel who nods. “Two beers”
“Like they are asleep” Castiel says and they all turn to look at him. “That’s what I keep thinking when I see them”
He sits down next to him, a person distance between them, as close as you can get to Dean these days.
“No, I’m good” It is a bit awkward as they both stand outside of the cinema not knowing what to say.
“So, Castiel” Sam starts much later over dinner, after Dean has returned home from Billie, has taken a long, much needed shower and cooked.
Dean shuffles out of the bedroom and drags his feet downstairs and into the kitchen reaching blindly for the coffee maker. He pops in a capsule, places his mug under the spout and presses the start button, because despite the fancy coffee maker – that was Cas’ and now is theirs – they only ever make one type of coffee. He then reaches for the radio and turns it on, a habit acquired from Cas, and the voices of the political talk show fill the silence. It’s just a background noise for Dean, Cas is the one that listens to it in the morning before he leaves for work, though he only registers their words half way through his second mug. But even now that Dean is alone, he turns it on, he thinks it’s due to habit and not because he misses Cas.
“Dean, listen to me” Cas starts, taking a step towards Dean and now they are close, almost like yesterday, they just need one more step, and Dean stutters an exhale, “I didn't married Kali or anyone for that matter. Gabriel married her”
“Nothing, I just- I wanted to wish you good luck” Dean snorts at that and Castiel shots him a lost look.
He doesn't know what to say to Dean and a voice in his head, that sounds like someone he doesn't want to think about right now, says “Nothing. Dean just wants to be around you”. Which is ridicules, Castiel isn’t someone who- He stops that train of thought and retrieves another set of cutlery from the drawer and places them on the table and looks at Dean, who is, again, already looking at him.
“I can’t-” Sam starts again when the silence stretches, long enough for Dean’s eyes to water and he blinks them away scowling. “What are you asking me exactly?”
“No.” He says so decisively, with a force that shakes something in Dean. It makes him feel small but not the good kind, like when Cas says his name just right, it’s the kind that makes him resent him a little, that makes him lose his nerve. He hasn’t felt this way since the first year they met.
You were too, clinging to him or whatever was left of you.”
He looks up at the sky and has a wild thought that he immediately discards. And then everything happens slowly and fast at the same time.
He can't breathe. His throat has closed up. He can barely swallow.
“Alright then” she says and extends her hand for Dean to shake, who does so with a slight smirk. “It was nice meeting you Dean. Don't be a stranger. Castiel” she adds and walks towards the direction Castiel came.
They get inside the coffee shop and go up at the counter. Benny smirks when he sees them and puts down a plate of cookies he is holding.
He is going to-
Then he opens his eyes and inhales sharply, remembering that he is not in fact in his room but-
Dean nods, sympathising, he met Ms Tran, Kevins’ mum, five years ago on November, a month after they moved, and is that woman an opinionated fusspot, but she grew on him. Kevin was the first friend Sam made in the new school and his mum has helped them a lot, since learning that’s just the two of them.
“Hey” he greets her gruffly, flashing her a smile despite himself.
She gets up, taking the coat from the back of the stool and puts it on.
Castiel examines him and his gaze lingers on his hands. Rough, battered not from work but from poor living conditions.
He tips his head back, letting out a breath and lets himself feel the excitement she is feeling and smiles looking back down at her. “You know I do”
“Kitchen” comes the immediate response and Dean knows Castiel rolled his eyes, which makes him smile softly against the pillow. He is such a -
“Alright” Novak says and Dean doesn't turn to look at him, he just picks up his bag and slings it over his shoulder, “I’ll call him”
He closes the door abruptly and exhales.
“Don't, just don't” his eyes water and he hates himself so much for it.
hates this. He can see Cas raise his hand, as if to touch him, but he stops his hand in mid air before he pulls it back to his side.
“I never meant to hurt you.” Cas says eventually in a low voice, Dean’s heart beats fast in his chest.
“Traitor” he hears a whisper next to him and he laughs softly.
Another thing that’s going to be added in his long list of things he needs to do, still if it helps him. “Alright” he breaths, still staring at blue.
“That doesn't mean I am not going to worry” Dean turns his head and looks out the windows frowning.
Dean snorts and holds back a hysterical laugh.
When he feels a hand on his shoulder, he startles and raises his head in alarm. It takes him a moment to focus on Cas and when he does, he blinks and turns his eyes to the window, it’s then he realises it has gone dark outside. He flushes and raises his eyes to look at Cas.
“Dean, you know how subbing feels, how those situations are. They are powerful, for all parties involved, addictive some would even call them, even when they are unhealthy. You felt safe” he says this last bit slowly, softly, sad, a little hesitantly because they both know safe is not the word, but is the closest it can get, and Dean squeezes his eyes shut.
“Hey” he says and takes a seat next to Benny.
“The photo is old” he says finally looking at the man in front of him. Novak raises his eyebrows a little, but other than that his face remains stoic.
“Thank you. Where is Jesse?”
“Says who?”
“How are you?” Sam asks him taking a sip from his beer.
“There is more as well” Lisa tells him, as if he doesn’t know, “Like, “My entire body hurts from desire. I am thinking that can I hold you naked against me and everything is lost, wherever I am and whatever I am doing”
“Um” they both turn to Hannah who is studying them curiously, “What do you need?”
“Don't get your panties in a twist” he responds, sounding nonchalant and shaking his head. “It’s good to get to know new people” he adds with a tone that Castiel knows all too well and in response he pulls a face.
Dean finds himself smiling. “If I said pancakes or omelette would you make them?”
Dean thinks about Violet and Esme, he turns their words and half-finished phrases in his mind and says, “It’s about their love.”
“Alright”
“Come on” Dean is finally able to form and when the other makes no indication of stopping “Cas-” he takes a sharp breath as a hand touches his cock through his boxers.
Cas chuckles and shakes his head. He stops the car in front of a shop, painted an obnoxious yellow with a sign saying “Angels’ Food”. He hears Cas getting out of the car, and he remembers to follow him out.
Just before he is about to push in, Castiel raises his eyes and looks into Dean’s, with a question as though there is a chance Dean will refuse him,
serious” Cas says frowning at him and Dean feels a bit like a scowled child.
When Dean calls almost two weeks later on a Friday, asking if he wants to get drinks with him, he knows he should say no, he doesn't do things like that twice with the same person. But then he remembers Deans’ smile and eyes and kisses and the way his skin feels underneath his fingertips and against his better judgement says yes.
“Thank you” Dean is taken aback by the emotion in Castiel’s voice. It’s something like happiness, nostalgia, content and gratefulness and other emotions he can’t name or know, but he knows he doesn't deserve it. And even though it is such a simple phrase, it feels too heavy, but Dean wants to hear those words on repeat until he figures out what Castiel means.
Dean nods, and smiles softly remembering the blonde girl.
“You just seem on edge lately” Castiel responds slowly, carefully.
“No, and he chooses hotels, expensive hotels. Somewhere where people will find them, not just anybody.”
“Everything is going to be fine”
He is sorting through some of the notebooks the men of letters used, pretending he doesn’t notice Sam going into 7B.
“Nothing” He says quickly, voice a tone higher and he cringes a little afterwards. Castiel tuns his head to look around the shop.
“What kind Sam?”
Dean goes to psychotherapy for the first time on a Friday in the middle of September, an hour after work; he feels like he barely has enough time to go home, shower, and get there. But he arrives with something less than fifteen minutes to spare and waits in baby listening to Metallica, until it gets to five minutes before the appointment. He goes up the third floor of the building, and knocks on the door that reads “B. T. Clinical psychologist – psychotherapist” and comes face to face with a smiling, too happy, redhead.
"Dean."
been stalking me” he blurts, instead of a greeting. This earns him a smile, which for whatever reason stirs something in Dean and makes him feel like he accomplished something great. He pointedly ignores it.
He turns his body and hugs her and she curls in on his chest, still crying.
Castiel blinks startled. “No,” he shakes his head slightly, his shoulder relaxing somewhat. “My ex-mother-in-law has heart problems, so whenever she is well enough to see Claire, Amelia takes her”
“To what? He agreed to what?” he asks, there is a lump in his throat that he is desperately trying to swallow through it.
“Anna” a gravelly voice interrupts them. Dean freezes for just a moment, before turning in his seat to look at Castiel, who looks disheveled, tie askew and absolutely delicious if you ask Dean. And he takes it all back, because yes Anna is beautiful, but the sight of Castiel walking towards them, with that adorable frown, is a sight to behold. But again, it might just be Dean. Or the fact that he hasn't had sex in three weeks. And apparently that's a long time.
It’s a thing they do, he asks Dean that question every time with the same tone and he replies the same way, with the same tone. It feels familiar in a way that makes Deans’ skin crawl.
He looks up at her and sees behind her a man who is looking at him and reminds Castiel of someone, but he cannot tell from where or who he is. He is beautiful and has really green eyes, that seem to study Castiel. Then, he remembers. He is the guy Donna arrested a couple of weeks back. The realisation seems to show on his face, because the man goes completely still for a couple of seconds, before he gets up and leaves a few notes on the table, then turns around and leaves.
, just the important part, like the fact that he is dead.
“No” Dean huffs, but he ignores him, “say that again.”
“I know” it’s more of a groan, than actual words, and even though Cas takes a step back, taking Dean with him, they start kissing again. And now Cas moves to his neck and Dean feels goosebumps rise all over his body.
He doesn’t.
“And?”
“Cas I am trying to-”
“Yes” Cas says and opens Amazon prime.
Cas says something Dean doesn't catch, but it doesn't matter causes he is on top of him and Dean can touch him. He is solid and warm against him and Dean doesn't want this to end. But he feels the familiar heat pooling low in his gut, tightening with every thrust, every stroke and Cas moves above him like he has made it his mission to make Dean feel nothing but ecstasy and that alone is enough to through him over the edge. He comes with a gasp, spilling over Cas’ fingers and staring up at his eyes and Cas follows him with a moan, but his eyes shut. And Dean was wrong, about all the times he thought Cas couldn't be more beautiful, more just more of something he couldn't comprehend, couldn't word. He is absolutely beautifully divine.
“And you studied history of art?” he asks instead.
His expression sobers when he says, “But dying and coming back, that has taking some time to adjust to.”
“He deserved it, ok?” Sam finally says exacerbated.
bad date”
Dean hums in response, drumming his fingers against the steering wheel to Too Good To Be True, glancing around the neighborhoods.
“What?” Gabriel exclaims, though he doesn't sound annoyed but shocked.
“You are doing everything you can” Castiel says and Dean looks at him and that was a mistake. He is so earnest when he says it, eyes clear with a smile that’s just in them, expression open, head tilt a bit on the side and Dean can’t take it and looks away. It’s too much, it might swallow him whole, his stomach flipping and his chest is constructing and there is something in his throat that he is trying to work around.
He is just going to leave it on the dresser and if Dean wants to then ok, or maybe he doesn't, maybe he doesn't want to see Castiel again. Maybe-
He is happy for him, of course he is happy for him, it just means Cas can go whenever  and wherever he wants to in a blink of an eye.
“I will” Cas says, and Dean turns to look at him and feels a warmth spreading in his body and he needs to get a grip.
He knows he is not an easy person to love, isn’t worth the trouble.
“And you young man” Dr Moseley says. “Good afternoon. Dr MacLeod will be with you shortly”
“Dean you can’t drive”
“Nah, I’m working on the group project with Kevin, which went well. His mum helped in few sections” he says grimacing slightly.
“Your pain is loud. Really loud.” He looks back at her eyes and she nods to her right and he glances there. “There is a siren on the other side of the room that has picked up on it. You are making them very angsty.”
“And he drove you to pick me up?” Sam asks eyebrows drawn together, puzzled.
“April” his voice is neutral and so is his body language, but Dean can see just a hint of uneasiness, just a bit of tightness in his shoulders. He frowns slightly.
“Why are you here?” Dean asks him, still not looking at him
Once he is dressed, he returns to the kitchen, puts the pizzas in the oven, sets the timer and goes to where Sam is.
It doesn't matter, he tells himself and starts driving towards the apartment; he is just one street away when he stops abruptly and takes a left. Before he knows it, he is driving down Romsey road. He stops in front of a white, half hidden by a large sycamore tree - one of the many in the street-, three story townhouse, similar to all the others in this area, with its’ small stairway leading to a dark door and its’ big windows.
“Sam please just-”
“Ok,” he drags the word out frowning. “He is alive, you know?”
There is a pause before Novak finally speaks, “He is exceptional” he says simply.
“I know” Dean says at an even tone, trying to maintain his composure. “But you know” he stops knowing he will lose. Breaths and tries again. “You know that you can’t-”
The first thing he notices is the change of temperature and then Castiel who is standing in the middle of the lobby staring at the gigantic poster of the movie. He goes and stands next to him.
“Hello” his voice is a little raspy and he clears his throat.
So sorry for taking so long to update but this chapter fought me.
“Nothing” Castiel tells him, joining him. He trails a finger down his face, pressing a thumb in his lips and Dean parts them softly, causing the man to close his eyes for a moment. When he opens them, he looks down at Dean sharply and then kisses him, causing him to lose his breath and he grips the older man’s hair in his hand, and Castiel groans in response.
“So, how are we going to get her to come to us?” Sam asks taking a bite from his omelet and Dean looks away.
She smirks back at him and moves delicately a strand of hair from her face, “Anna. Milton”
“Yes. We believe it’s a man” he responds taking a sip of his coffee. Hands tight around the cup. “Late thirties, early forties”
Dean tilts his head to the side, “Sort of, kinda, yeah.”
He does have a nightmare. Doesn’t remember the exact details but he bolts up and Sam is already awake. He turns his back hastily, probably not to get caught looking at Dean and puts some stuff inside his bag.
“I don't think that's true” Something darkens in Dean and he knows it shows, but Castiel pushes. “You put Sam through Stanford and you are making something of yourself, that doesn't happen by chance Dean”
He does reach for his hand though and threads their fingers together.
“Am I not eloquent enough for you?” he asks sarcastically, crossing his arms.
“Ask me again and I’ll kill you” he growls instead cause he isn’t about to get all misty eyed here, even if he blinks a couple of times.
He takes the elevator and walks to the parking lot, ignoring the chilly afternoon air and gets into Baby. Once he is seated behind the wheel and has taken a few deep breaths, he opens the paper. The header is Nature in Auden’s Poetry, he frowns at it.
I am so sorry for taking so long to update, its just life got in the way :)
They eat slowly, in silence, which is a stark contrast to what they usually do. They are loud and laughing and eat fast, just so they have something in their stomachs. This though, this is something different, it has an ordinance in it that neither of them has earned with each other and Castiel soaks in it.  It’s comforting and empowering in a way, even if it’s only happening because of something sad. And Castiel can see all of those things in Deans’ eyes as well and that reassures him and makes him feel more at ease.
He swallows.
Jesus Dean needs to get grip or perhaps have sex. Yes, that’s what this is. That's why he is thinking and acting like this, it’s the whole lack of sex.
“I’ve been here for a little over a week.” He answers turning his eyes to Sam but his attention clearly remains on Dean. “Adam wanted to travel. Heaven can be too much sometimes and especially rebuilding it.”
He smiles, it is a fleeting, miserable little thing that hurts his face.
So, he puts on his interrogation face, at least according to Hannah and walks into the room.
The garage door opens and Cas parks the car inside. And Dean realises it’s Cas’ house. God, it’s
“Fraser? Yeah” Castiel hums and finally turns to look at Dean.
“I’m ok.” She looks at him disbelievingly. “Really I am”
“It’s” Dean stops and exhales. “People here don't have that kind of smile”
"Bullshit" he says thickly. "I know you can feel- I know-"
“Growing up, we weren’t allowed to play outside. Or be outside in general, other than needing to go places. Mother thought it was improper for us, to be out playing or spent time, it was, as she used to say, pointless. There were more important things to do. Although Gabe often sneaked out and came back home dirty. I believe he did it more to anger her, than because he actually enjoyed it.” He places the bowl he had been cleaning at the drying rack and starts on the next one. “I wasn’t interested in arguing with mother nor did I want to prove a point, although I have discovered that I didn't, cause I was the good one and as such I had to do what I was told. Not that I wanted to play outside so much, I didn't miss it, at least I think I didn't, you can’t miss something you don't know. But I still sometimes liked to sit and observe. I like the sun, the feel of the sun” He laughs self-consciously and puts the second bowl next to the other one and turns around and looks at Dean, taking a towel to dry his hand and continues. “Mother, thought that it was a waste of time so she wouldn't let me, in fact because my desk looked out the window, she at first put blinds and then when that didn't work she had me study at her study at home with her”
“A lot in fact. Could be Aphrodite-”
Dean is flirting with a pretty redhead, who is all soft smiles and curves, over the counter when he feels a tap on his shoulder making him flinch slightly.
Dean bristles but beyond that doesn’t move.
“That's your logic?” Castiel almost shouts and Dean loses his patience. “What about your f-?”
“What?” he says in a daze, turning to look at him. Cas is looking at him curiously but doesn't ask, but Dean can see the question behind his eyes and it makes him want to flee.
“Cas-” it’s almost a sob.
“I missed you too” then hesitant, “Dean- Have you eaten?”
“Hello, Dean” he responds trying to compose himself. “You startled me”
tell anyone that I just said that”
Dean swallows trembling and he can’t stop looking at him. Novak looks up and their eyes meet and Deans’ ears are ringing as the world stops and shifts at the same time, and he looks away before something embarrassing happens, because the look that passes through Castiel’s face for just a second is enough to ignite something in Dean. Something dark and heavy and full of want, like that night a week ago and Dean is too small to handle all these.
“Gabriel?”
He should have used gloves, he muses, not that he is concerned about protocol right now.
Dean narrows his eyes, “What?”
Besides the nightmares are not the worst. They are bad, but Dean knows what to do with them, had them all of his life. He knows what happens. The worst, the ones that paralyze him, that leave him trembling unable to get up, are the dreams.
He glances at the guy again, he is back to reading his book. It is well worn and reads E. M. Cioran, A short history of decay. Dean doesn't know who Cioran is, no surprise there, it is probably a philosophy book. He sighs again, softer this time, looks back down at the word document and starts his essay on “Discuss Taylor and McGregor’s Management Theories”.
He steps on the hallway and immediately wants to go back inside and take the paper back, but Dean steps out of the kitchen and smiles at him and Castiel is lost. He walks towards him a little uncertain of himself, and Dean just continues to smile at him so casually and seemingly unaffected, like its an everyday occurrence, and Castiel cants help but think how unfair it is. He doesn't have a single clear thought in his head right now.
Goosebumps rise all over his body and he is cold. His jaw prickles, and saliva fills his mouth and he bolts up running to the bathroom.
“Lube” he says against his lips and pulls back, raising to his knees.
“Right”
He knows it’s hard for them to live with Dean in the bunker. He disquiets them, weighs them down.
“I do want you here”
They order and they don't say anything until their food arrives. Maybe Dean should feel weird about all those silences with Cas, but they feel natural and comfortable. And maybe he should be scared about them, the silences between them, but its another thing he doesn't want to know what it means for now, or possible ever if he can help it.
He is just about to start climbing down the steps when his phone rings. He sees the number, scowling in annoyance, not recognising it.
“You can’t do that again.”
“It’s not whiskey either” the guy tells him and Dean looks back at him again, retort at the tip of the tongue but he swallows it. “Name’s Andy”
I'm sorry it took so long. Truthfully it was supposed to be longer, but I decided to break it into two chapters.
“Hey Sam”
He presses he lips into a thin line. They are times like this where he wishes that Mick wasn't gone. That he still has somebody to turn to or simply just see when he goes home. He feels this overpowering need to talk to someone that understands, understands
After a minute or so, when all the students are seated, he hears Milton clear her throat and move to the front of the lecture hall, smiling at them.
He doesn't know where he is going, but he feels a sense of calm overtake him. He thinks about heading to the library but gets bored just thinking about it. He has read so much this week he feels his head buzz merely by looking at books. So, he keeps walking.
“I have to go get Sam” he says climbing down the rest of the stairs and now they are standing opposite of each other. “I need to go” he repeats, pointing at the door over his shoulder with his thumb.
He closes his eyes momentarily and opens them again at his phone beeping. Right, pizzas are ready, he must have dozed off.
“Those are um” he starts and looks up at Dean with round eyes.
“You can’t hold into the anger either.”
“You don't know that” he retorts, for some reason even the idea that Dean might want him can’t fit inside his head right now.
“Yeah, but you are excited right?”
Bobby nods, “Ok. But I don't need to tell you that he needs to at some point” before Dean can open his mouth, “Yes, yes at your own time, idjit. Now eat your sandwich, breaks are half an hour not one”
And Castiel can only agree with her. It is true that if it wasn't for her and his brother, pushing him to start seeing Crowley after what happened, he wouldn't be ok now or as ok he is. Even if psychotherapy is probably the most difficult thing he ever had to do.
“Yes”
“Hey” Jo smirks at him, “Long time no see. Did you finally find the way, Winchester?”
“Be patient” he tells him, smirking down at him.
He finds them, relatively easy and starts making coffee. Soon, the silence is filled by the sounds the coffee machine makes and Castiel finds himself relaxing completely. He rests his weight against the counter and doesn't think of anything for a minute, until he has a fleeting thought about the papers he hasn't graded and panics , but then reason that it’s Saturday, at least he thinks it is, and he has time.
Dean smiles softly at her. “Hi” he waves and she goes a little red, looking searchingly at her dad.
“Your love.” At the words something cold goes down his back, makes his head throb and he balls his hands into fists, his nails digging into his flesh.
“Shut up” he grumbles, looking at his hands again.
“Hello” she greets back. “You wouldn't mind accompanying me to the station, would ya?”
“We lost you” He gestures behind him and Dean can see the others standing by the bar’s door staring at them. He moves his weight between his feet self-consciously. “You coming or…”
“You’ve been looking for me.” She says lightly taking a sip from her drink.
“But he believed in love.”
“Would you like some coffee?” Cas asks, but he is already moving to the coffee pot.
And what the hell is that suppose to mean?
“I know it’s scary” Castiel is saying, dragging Deans’ attention back to him, “starting a business and making the first big step of your dream. When Gabriel, Anna and I started, it was too scary, but well we pushed through”
“You know how it is. And you flirt too,” he addresses Jo, “What do you want anyways?”
Novak stands up and looks at his eyes like he is trying to convey something. And Dean feels like he has no idea what’s going on. The whole atmosphere has changed. Its like something passes between but he doesn't know what it is or how to stop it. He feels his hands loosen and they unfold completely, dropping at his side.
“No, really I wanted to see you and I’m here with a friend from work”
“Do you?” he asks, because if Cas is anything, is a pushy asshole.
“I wasn't”
“Good.” He says earnestly, “Adam is alive too,” he taps his head, his smile unconsciously growing at the words. It’s weird to watch.
When it’s over and they are laying in bed, both with a book in their hands. Dean turns and looks at Cas, who is absorbed in what he is reading and a warmth fills his chest that spreads all over his body slowly.
“Yes?”
“Good” he says fast, perhaps too fast, avoiding her eyes, by closing a tab on his computer, and trying to appear nonchalant, but he can feel the muscles in his back tensing. When he glances at her, he can see her trying to seem casual, but they know each other for too long. He knows the tightness around and the concern in her eyes. “Really Anna I’m good” he repeats looking at her now.
“Not really” comes Sam’s reply, “but I think Michael is right, we are dealing with some sort of god or demi god.”
“-I’m never going to forgive myself.” Jack swallows pouting and Dean knows he doesn’t get it. “We are not going to be like this forever. We are better than we were a week or two ago-” he stops when Jack purses his lips together, eyes darting to the side. “What?”
Dean nods and folds the paper, “As in the whole mythic method versus objective correlation?”
He spots the coffee pot and, with a resolve he didn't know he had, opens the cupboards in search of coffee and a cup. There is already one at the counter, but he isn’t going to use it.
Becky lets out a laugh, that is edging on a giggle, “I took a few theology classes in college”, then seemingly to remember where she was and why they were there, she composes herself, “Sam is in there” she indicates the door on the opposite wall, “He is physically, mostly well-”
He sees her sitting at her desk writing something.
“Cause if you do-”
On Tuesday after the last class he goes to the library, because he needs to find a book for finance class, he spends approximately three hours reading before he finishes what he has to do and he stretches in his seat. Staring at the glass ceiling, it is cloudy, like all the other days for the past week. He needs to get home, Sam has yesterdays leftovers to eat, so he will be fine.
“I think, maybe,” Sam tells him two days after the incident in the kitchen, “Mia would help.”
That’s a low blow and all Dean utters is a “No”
It is around two when Castiel finally gets a message from Billie telling him, she has finished with the autopsy. Finally, something. They still haven’t heard a word from Charlie on who the guy is, so they just sit around waiting and going through the security cameras from the hotel.
“We’ll talk later, when you man up enough to ask Jess out. On second thought no, cause I’d like to talk to you again sometime this century”
“You know, times like this I wish Jo worked here, just to see this,” the other says making Dean huff.
him to be better.
“Nope.”
“He is attractive.” He says evenly, and he is proud of himself. “But I don't understand what this has to do with anything”
“Dean”
He takes a breath and washes his want with coffee and Castiel does the same. They stay like that for a while, until they are both half way through their cups, just drinking and glancing at each other.
Sam almost smiles at the sound of his friends voice.
He suddenly can't breathe. There are goosebumps all over his body and he is so cold, he curls in on himself.
He throws the phone next to him and exhales, dragging a hand across his face. The first thing that come to his mind is that he needs to move, but there are so many problems with that. One, landlords need references, two, they check your background and with his record, he doubts anyone would accept him, three he needs money for deposit, for rent, money he doesn't have.
“Yes”
Castiel sighs and thinks about what Crowley said, he is right, he knows, it just feels so far away, so impossible.
“Hello, how can I help you?” she says slowly narrowing her eyes slightly.
“Are you hungry?” Cas asks instead, as if sensing his discomfort.
“Is it an open marriage?” he asks, then as Cas continues to frown at him seemingly more lost, he adds “Because you should have said something, because I-”
Dean starts to hum something as he cooks and Castiel feels the tension leave his body gradually. He feels more at ease as he watches him move around the kitchen so naturally. It is strange, but soothing at the same time and Castiel for the first time doesn't feel the need to bolt from something like that.
Cas rolls his eyes, but he can see the fondness behind it. It’s the same way Sam does it to Dean.
Now it’s different. All it does is quieten his grief. He still feels as empty as he did when he first came here, he at least can talk about him for a little bit even if it is just to Miracle. Perhaps it’s because it is different now. Dean knows more. Knows how Cas – despite everything – saw him. Solidified, what Dean knew but wasn’t aware of or couldn’t admit to himself, that Cas knew him better than anyone, sometimes better than Dean knew himself. It was in the moments Cas voiced facts about him, or things that Dean needed to hear, that he had buried so deep in his mind he rarely visited.
“They do. I am the best history teacher they ever had” she says and then proceeds to tell them about some of her students.
“Listen Cas this isn’t therapy hour-”
He watches as she walks out and when the door closes behind her, the air changes. It becomes lighter and he wants to cry and laugh and doesn’t know which one to let out so he leaves a few bills on the counter and staggers out.
Coffee. He needs coffee, there is already a headache forming at the front of his head and he knows if he doesn’t have a cup he is going to be pissed. He should have, as much as possible, a clear mind for this.
He starts fast like always, but half way through he starts to slow down, it’s not like the water will turn cold, though he thinks the actual reason that makes him stop and not rush is the shampoo he is holding that Cas, always smells faintly of.
“You have freckles everywhere. Even on your butt,” Cas says conversationally after they showered, had the remaining pizza and are lying in bed watching “a single man”.
They drive for about fifteen minutes, until Anna pulls into a space in front of a place called “Giovanni’s Pizza”. Castiel parks as well and gets out, going to stand next to Anna.
Dean releases a breath he didn't know he had been holding and clears his throat.
He thinks about when he was sixteen, five months after Sonny's.
“Slowdown”
“Fuck.”
I hope you enjoy
“I know what you mean” He tells him and as he turns to leave he adds “Whatever you need you know I’m here”
“Thank you, for the information and help on the Walker case” He says instead.
“I’ll be waiting” she says eyeing him as he puts the condoms in his pocket.
Dean’s eyes fill with tears and the fingers in his open palm press down harder.
He shudders at the cold wind, and sighs, he finished his coffee some time ago so there is nothing to keep him warm. He calls Oli over who is playing with a Bernese mountain dog – and ok maybe Dean likes dogs now or at least is interested in them – and smiles at the dog’s owner politely as they leave. Thankfully she didn't try to make small talk with him, because Dean is not in a mood.
“Good”
“Oh, God I just-” he looks to the side and tries, in vain, not to blush in embarrassment. “I just fainted”
When everything is ready and they are sitting in the living room or at least what Cas calls it. All it has is that old couch, a small table in the middle, that's a bit wobbly, a bookshelf on the wall filled with books and a TV.
He turns his head and looks at him, first at his face who has some worry lines, and then takes him all in. His suit is a dark grey, with a waistcoat of the same colour, that makes Deans mouth water (and since when does he have a thing with waistcoats?) and a burgundy tie, making his eyes stand out so much that Dean has to swallow.  He is beautiful and classy, even with his messy hair, and Dean is pretty sure he is developing a gigantic crush on him. If not for the way he looks, but for his tentative smile.
“Name is Thomas Henson, he was twenty-three and was arrested for prostitution four months ago”
It is a slow day. Castiel doesn't particularly mind slow days and he usually isn’t even at the office on Saturdays, just on call. Today though, he had to review some of the files about the Walker case with the DA, as the court is on Monday. And it is one of the most boring and tiring things he ever had to do.
he thinks “It’s hard to resist him” she finishes and raises her eyebrows suggestively and Dean scowls. Then after taking a sip from her beer, “Or you know he might found someone to
“Is this Dean Winchester?” It’s a woman’s voice, raucous and matter of fact.
“It was an accident!” the man from before exclaims. “I didn't mean to, I-”
and half wants to say
“Am I interrupting something you were doing?” he asks out of the blue, far more casually for someone who spent the last five minutes making out with Dean like he wanted to devour him.
“You wanted to be outside and you weren’t allowed,” he interjects “The alternative was looking out the stupid windows. And I have a feeling it wasn't just when you studied that windows or other things you liked were off limits.”
Novak draws on and Dean half listens, half loses himself to the sound of his voice, drawing shapes at the margins of his book, he wasn't able to find a second hand copy, so he had to buy a new one, which means Sam’s new jacket will have to wait a bit. He almost didn't buy it, but then realized that Sam would be pissed at him if he bought the jacket for him and not the book for the class, besides as he told Dean two weeks ago, the one he has now, he can make it last for one more month. Problem is Dean doesn't want him to have to, especially with autumns-winters like the ones in Chicago. He sighs deeply and notes down what Novak is saying about Benjy.
He can hear him take a breath and interjects revising his question “The fuck you want Sam?”
(See the end of the chapter for
They are good. They are everything he dared hope for in the last few years.
why is Cas still dressed.
He sighs, taking a sip from his coffee. Its seems that nothing works out for anyone these weeks. Maybe he should start bicycling.
“Dean?”
And yeah she is too good for Sam or anyone.
“I know there is a spell, with the blood, but it doesn’t work.”
“Cas” he manages. “Please” it’s an almost whine. And he feels his eyes water, for the overstimulation. Cas lifts his head to look at him and makes a humming noise. Before moving his mouth to his right nipple, and with his hand he lazily starts stroking Deans’ dick, making Dean stutter out a breath and bite his lip. He is such an asshole.
“Come on Cas off” he insists, then “We’ll explore the whole I-want-to-be-dressed-during-sex kink later”
“Well known” Dean presses.
“We are going to kill you.” The hate fills his mouth more than the words and it makes him breathless in a satisfying way.
“Castiel” Dean starts, saying his name makes the haziness in his mind clear and he can strangely feel the bed beneath him as if he is laying down for the first time, grounding him “We- we can talk about it in the morning” he finishes, looking at his hands, voice cranky and supressing a grimace at how hopeful he sounds.
