The atmosphere in the room suddenly shifted. Moriarty's smirk was gone, and John's Omega senses detected that danger was near. He could tell right away that his observation of the boy was a huge mistake. Complimenting an Omega was a tricky thing when done in the presence of their Alpha. John would never have done it had he known the man would react in such a way. So much for Omega intelligence.
The tears that landed on the tip of the boy's tongue tasted like salt, a bitter reminder of his deep pain. He'd never imagined being cast aside by your Alpha could feel like this, but the Omega hormones causing his emotions to bleed out of him made him sick to his stomach. He tried to breathe deeply, to shove his hurt so far inside of himself that he'd never find it, but it was no use; the pain was here to stay.
"You were the one that told me to kill him, Mycroft! You said that John's life would have been in danger if I hadn't."
One shake of the head, and the boy's eyes finally tore themselves away from the place where his Alpha had been, turning his attention to the man in front of him. "Oh, uh . . . h-hi, Mr. Holmes."
Sherlock stared at John for a long time. His face displayed no emotion that the Omega could see, but he kept on waiting for that other shoe to drop. It was only a matter of time now. John just wished he'd get it over with.
"You misunderstand me," Sherlock interrupted. A moment went by where the Alpha simply stared at John as if he were a work of art, a mystery he was keen on solving. "You, my dear John Watson, have just demolished nearly every opinion I've just stated regarding Omegas. You're kind and compassionate, yet you continually refuse to allow an Alpha access to your extraordinary heart and mind. You're both emotional and intelligent, using a combination of love and logic to make it through this soap opera we call life. You feel an intense attraction to me, but not once have you begged me to take you. You're strong, and you're not afraid to face a threat the world tells you is stronger than you to get what you want. You're utterly fearless, an attribute I admire greatly. When it comes to everything I've said before about your kind, you. Are. Evidence . . . to the contrary."
He could still remember what happened the previous night after his brief encounter with Sherlock. Visions of his father bloomed in his mind, leaving behind an unsavory aftertaste he couldn't get out of his mouth.
Barnabas turned to smile at his beautiful wife, feeling more optimistic by the second. "Yes. Yes, I'm sure it will, dear."
Two eyes met in a darkened room with drawn curtains, emotionless glares dripping with unseen challenge. Stillness reigned supreme in the enclosed space, with only the clicking of the grandfather clock on the wall giving sound to the suffocating silence. A dangerous battle of wills was taking place in that room, and, much like Highlander, there could be only one winner.
Let's try rewinding the scene where Sherlock locks eyes with John while hunched over the dead body of his wretched uncle. If the reader noticed anything at all, it was the unmistakable electricity flowing from Alpha to Omega, the thrilling emotion that takes place upon an Omega's first meeting with their mate. At that time, you were taken from the world by tour guide John and transported into his brain for the sole purpose of riding with him on the road to love, the whole lot of you starry-eyed waifs so busy focusing on the Alpha/Omega dynamic that you couldn't be bothered to see the actions of the people around you. That is a terrible shame, for, if you had, you'd have seen that it wasn't just our lovely Sherlock and John that shared a look, but a certain other couple as well. Your narrator doesn't put much emphasis on the word "couple" just yet, as these two share something that's much more than just attraction. They share a secret. They know-
It took the Alpha slamming the door in John's face for him to realize their time together had reached its untimely end. John was shocked to discover he was rather disappointed. God help him, but he actually didn't want Sherlock to leave, and the impact of the boy's departure was felt almost instantly, like a hallow emptiness had wormed its way into John's soul and found a home there against his will.
"It was Mycroft," Sherlock said suddenly. The look of betrayal and the promise of revenge in his sibling's eyes had Sherlock smiling briefly before turning his attention back to the body of Pontius Watson lying beside his upturned chair, watching him in a way that a scientist might look at something under a microscope. Taking a quick inventory of the room, Sherlock made his way over to the "crime scene" with an ease not normally known to people who observed such macabre images of death, bending down and retrieving a magnifying glass out of his pocket to better see what the naked eye could not.
When the barrier between John and the inside of the house was removed, it took him a moment to realize he was staring into the face of a boy who couldn't be any older than sixteen, with hair the color of chestnut, the bangs of which fell down one side of his face in loose strands that he pushed back with his well manicured hands. His glossy hazel eyes carried a hint of gold surrounding the pupils, oval shapes framed by long, thick eyelashes that fluttered from the caress of the cold Autumn air. He was of medium build, skinny, but strong, with small ripples of muscles that twitched from the boy's obvious agitation at being interrupted from whatever he was doing before John came to the door. His attire consisted of torn up blue jeans, light brown boots and a tight white t-shirt that accentuated every bit of lean muscle he possessed, leaving John to wonder if his clothing carried an immoral purpose.
"Why in the hell are we agreeing to this marriage anyhow? There's no possible way this is gonna work."
He stared at John for a long time, neck twitching with derangement. The Omega held his ground, hiding his fear by hardening his face, body posture going on the defensive. Alpha or no Alpha, one thing was for sure: he wasn't gonna go down without a fight.
"Sherlock," Moriarty exclaimed gleefully, his sudden excitement making him sound even crazier. "Why, I haven't seen you in ages."
"Your . . . mate?" Mycroft inquired, curiosity and disgust battling for dominance within the depths of his intimidating face. "Is that how you plan to refer to him from now on? Oh, how touching."
John couldn't begin to formulate the questions running through his mind following everything he'd just seen and heard. He wasn't sure who was on the phone with his father, or what exactly it was that this mystery man wanted with him, but one thing was for certain: he was dying to find out.
"But I didn't kill anyone," Olivia spoke up quietly, addressing Sherlock with the same numbness she gave to the rest of her surroundings. "I liked Pontius. He was a good man."
"I'm such a fool," John mumbled, hanging his head in defeat. He was so tied up in his own misery that he didn't even notice the footsteps of another being in the room until the person in question was standing right in the doorway.
into his bleeding ears until it was all he could hear. He could feel a connection buried deep beneath the surface between him and his Alpha, binding them together in a tangled web of biological inevitability that sparked both his excitement and his anger. After all, being forced into a marriage was one thing, but experiencing an actual bond? John would die before he allowed that to happen. One way or another, he
Ichabod blew out a breath. "This can't be happening. I don't believe this. I don't fucking believe this!"
Hello, everyone! I'm back with a new chapter. It's not long, but the next one will be. Hope you all enjoy it and thank you so much for all the reviews. You all love me. You really, really love me. *sobs in the corner* By the way, did anyone read that article about Benedict describing Sherlock in bed? I squealed like a boss . . . not even ashamed. *puts on sunglasses and walks away in slow motion like the badass motherfucker I am*
"Charmed," Sherlock said, breaking away and walking around the room with his hands behind his back. "So . . . it appears that you and I are going to be married."
John didn't know why he didn't hesitate. He didn't rant, rave, or curse the Alpha out the way he wanted to. Instead, he said one word, and one word only . . . the word of an utter jackass.
The thoughtful boy shook his head to rid himself of his inner dialogue, looking up at that dolt Sherlock Holmes with a distaste he hoped the young man would be offended by.
John felt an involuntary shiver climb up his spine when the younger Alpha's gaze met his, eyes narrowing in a slightly predatory fashion. "Indeed."
John, stunned out of his mind, turned to Sherlock and watched as he removed his scarf from his neck, placing it on the coat rack before walking away from his bewildered Omega. John tracked his movements with trepidation, wondering why his Alpha left him all alone with a very eager looking Burgess Holmes. When Sherlock disappeared down the hall, the old man's voice finally registered with John.
Burgess led John outside to a little garden that held a pathway leading up to a greenhouse. John eyed the flowers with little interest, too caught up in the uncomfortable silence as he clung desperately to an invisible raft he was pretty sure didn't exist.
Mycroft looked at John. "Whoever killed him provided almond cookies to mask the almond taste of the cyanide in his tea, my dear John."
Movement was made by one of the challengers, and the other tried to hide their smile as an event that he foresaw took place before his very eyes, securing the fate of his insufferable opponent. A couple more were made before the smug one dared to speak, taking a piece off a board placed on a table in front of him and moving it to the desired location.
"Gregory, I may have asked you to do something you didn't want or understand, but believe me when I say I have the best of intentions with regard to you and your family. No harm will come to any of you. Now, you asked me to give you what you wanted and that's exactly what I did. All I asked in return was that you responded in kind."
Each bite of his food was heavenly. The arugula salad sitting beside his plate of fish went unnoticed as he shoveled the seafood deep into his mouth, moaning obscenely at the taste. Every once in a while, he'd look up and find Mycroft's eyes staring him down with an intensity he couldn't quite place, but quickly got used to. Sure, he felt the first stirrings of something unidentifiable take root in his belly, but he shoved all that aside in favor of finishing everything on his plate, laughing joyously at the incomparable feeling of being full.
He could have sworn he'd detected a small smile creeping up on the Alpha's full lips, but it was gone by the time John really had a moment to process it.
Just the word alone was enough to send him into paroxysms of terror. That word meant the end for Omegas everywhere. Being married to an Alpha meant being mated and being mated meant becoming a house Omega. A house Omega, for fuck sake! Could you imagine? Poor little John, standing in front of the kitchen stove with a belly full of pups baking pies while his big, strong Alpha got to go out into the real world and live the life he'd always dreamed of. It was barbaric! It was unfair! It was
Somewhere in the distance, a bird sang a variety of notes in rapid succession, humming its assent. Greg smiled at John, refusing to argue with him. John smiled back, and before they knew it, both men were laughing so loud, the pack of Alphas turned their heads to leer at the happy Omegas, some going so far as to howl in such a manner as to convey their obvious interest in a potential fuck.
For some reason, everything around John started to shrink and distort into abstract images he couldn't comprehend. His heartbeat increased, pounding inside his ears as his breathing took on a life of its own. He slapped a palm over his chest, but it did nothing to stop the tightness he felt there, like an anaconda squeezing the life out of him.
It infuriated the Omega to know that there was a part of him that entertained the prospect of getting to know that man. Sherlock may be an interesting fellow, but making John see the appeal was going too far. He was supposed to be the strong Omega that all the others could depend on, the one who refused to be swayed by his oppressors and their disgusting views on what his kind were and weren't capable of. How would it look to Greg and the others if he gave up now and played house with some dominant Alpha who would no doubt spend the rest of his life putting John in his "place?" He'd be seen as a failure. He'd feel like a failure. He'd
"Oh, for God's sake," Mycroft snapped, interrupting John's internal monologue. "You expelled your insides all over the lady's smock. Those white petals are rare, John. They should be respected and cherished, not used as a punching bag for your abuse. Get up, compose yourself, and get into the limo. I swear, all this getting up and doing my own dirty work is beyond irritating."
The Watson house, built in the late 1800's, was a far cry from the 21 bedroom mansion owned by the Holmes family, yet it still invoked awe among people lucky enough to be invited inside. With its spacious living quarters, polished wooden floors, and gourmet appliances, the house that made everyone
Barnabas and John stared at each other. The old man frowned at the pain in the boy's eyes. He almost regretted setting this whole thing up, but he couldn't allow himself to be swayed by emotion. John was still young enough that he couldn't see what a blessing this was. He was a part of something big, something amazing. Sure, there would be obstacles, but if Barnabas could just get the child to see that this didn't have to be a bad thing, this marriage could save not only the families, but John and Sherlock as well. John needed to see that being an Omega was a powerful thing, and Sherlock needed someone to humanize him, turn him from a great man into a good one. Their personalities were so well matched that it stunned Barnabas. Sherlock would satisfy John's need for freedom and adventure, teaching him that having an Alpha by his side that understood him and treated him as an equal was the best self-esteem booster in the world for an Omega. In return, John would place himself inside the lonely world of Sherlock Holmes and teach the heartless Alpha humanity, tear down all of those walls Sherlock spent so long building and show him the beauty of love and compassion. A bored, angry, defiant Omega in need of someone to take him away from his detestable existence and show him his true power. A cold, unfeeling Alpha in need of someone to stand by his side and share his love of adventure and excitement. Someone who will thaw his frozen heart and replace contempt with love.
It took five more days until Mycroft one evening announced a time and date for the briefing. Finally. Only two more days. Actually even only one and a half, if one took into consideration that the briefing would take place in the early afternoon. Which meant half a day less to wait. Which meant his departure was near. Which meant release from this mental and physical prison he lived in. Which meant Sherlock felt… relieved. Yes, that was what he felt. Probably.
In the end, was it Moriarty to shatter him? Was it? It had been his plan all along. Had he been right?
“It’s so different from everything I’ve ever seen. So powerful, even in your weakest moments. I can see that there’s even more hidden inside, more than you realise yourself.” John turned again, scanning him from head to toe, as if looking for all the hidden emotions waiting to get out.
He was furious, he was fuming with anger. He wouldn’t allow for someone else to take decisions for him and about his life. Never again. Especially not Mycroft.
“Yeah, I…” John’s voice was a bit muffled through the half opened door, but Sherlock could still sense the short hesitation, the moment realisation dawned on him.
“Do it again, Sherlock. I know you can. Just… let it all out. Everything that’s stuck in there.” John reached up, a whisper of a touch on Sherlock’s face, John’s thumb stroking over his forehead once, leaving a trace of calm and comfort in its wake. On its way down John’s hand stilled on Sherlock’s chest, rested where his heart was pounding fiercely against his ribcage.
"Hmmm," he hummed. "I'd better not kiss you then, who knows if that person would like it. What do you think?" Sherlock murmured while lowering his head, slowly carefully closing the distance.
Ignoring the voices, the raised hands trying to keep him, Sherlock made his way down the stairs which badly needed renovation to prevent them from caving in. Once out in the open he took a deep breath of fresh air already feeling a bit better, his mind clearing up a bit. He looked down at himself, estimating his appearance - ragged shirt, torn trousers, mud covering his shoes. Where had he been? And how long? One hand rubbing the stubble on his cheek the other one tapping and checking his pockets for his belongings. He stopped his hand in the middle of its trail, sliding it into his pocket. He closed his fingers around the very familiar shape of a cool glass vial, a syringe, a cord.
John was squirming, trapped between hard wood—the door was what he meant of course; even though there was definitely some different kind of hard wood involved in the trapping as well—and a firm body. Sherlock just held him now, looked down at him; his eyes still weirdly intensified by the dark shadows surrounding them; even more mysterious and enigmatic now the flowery flash of purple was gone. Lean yet strong bare arms pinned his own above his head, leaving him with the view of bulging biceps’ and hairless armpits, spreading pheromones that made John’s mind go foggy. Right in front of him his eyes were glued to the subtle swell of pectorals straining the skin tight vest Sherlock was wearing. The way it clung to Sherlock’s torso it strongly accentuated the little nubs of Sherlock’s erect nipples peaking against the thin fabric.
John couldn’t see the path anymore. What was the purpose of all this new-old life they were trying to create? Wasn’t everything meaningless if they went on as before?
“Black,” Scott answered, more clearly now though still not as wordy as he usually was. John considered that a good sign.
Sherlock stared at the letter in his hands. What had he just read? It was for him. Addressed to him at least. But he wasn’t meant to read it? What was it John tried to say? And even more, what was it that he tried to hide?
, really.” Even though the words were spoken quietly and without force, they seemed to have the most impact of all of them for Sherlock, considering the way Sherlock was wringing his hands. “You’ve been there to rescue Miss Pirate.” Sherlock said quietly.
He felt a drop of sweat run down his temple, following a path next to his earlobe along his jaw and down his throat to pool in the small hollow above his collarbone. The slight tickling send a shiver down his spine, his skin being over-sensitive sending high-voltage through his synapses. He didn’t allow it to distract him. He had to be in charge, controlled, shielded.
"My visit," she answered impatiently. "This." she indicated with a hand gesture at herself and the living room, as if the combination was the most alien thing. Which it was actually. When nothing was coming forth from the man across the room, she continued, "I needed to make sure that you won't brew up any foolish ideas in your silly head again. You know, I wouldn’t be able to stand this again. Not going to happen. Not on my watch." She shook her head and straightened her shoulders as if to dare Sherlock to contradict her.
“John,” Greg said, bowing his head a bit to look John firmly in the eye, “first of all, there’s barely a time you're
"There were too many! That could have gone wrong in so many ways, Sherlock. What if I hadn't come in time? What would you have done without me?" John threw his hands in the air.
"Great. Thank you." She flopped on the sofa, coat and all, but didn't get comfortable. "It’s about John."
“If you want,” Scott sounded bored, but John saw right through it — he was insecure.  Mr Know-it-All was actually anxious.
He’d manage. He had before, as had John. This was the best solution - for them both. Sherlock tried to convince himself and straightened his spine.
“He just headed to the shops. Said you’ve run out of everything - as always.” She giggled a bit. “He said you were better today. Told me to keep an eye on you. But he didn’t sound too happy to leave actually... now I think about it.” She tilted her head a bit in thought and looked at Sherlock.
“Nosy is what I would call it…” John mumbled, but gave in anyway. What was it with this guy that John couldn’t resist him? “Whatever… you’re right — again…” A self-satisfied grunt interrupted him and John grit his teeth. “We just bumped into each other when I was on my way from the job centre to…”
John already feared he wouldn’t be able to catch up as he quickly went back to snatch his gun from their chest of drawers, when a very familiar cooing voice and an even more familiar grumbling one wavered up the stairs. He made his way down in time to see Mrs. Hudson engulfed Sherlock in an embrace. The man pulled a face as if he was contaminated with toxic waste. Although,
“Hi again I suppose?”, John tried with an awkward grin, tilting his head a bit towards Anthea-not-Anthea. He was only rewarded with an annoyed sigh, the woman never stopping to type.
“I think you might theorize without a complete set of data. Invariably, you end up twisting facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts.” He said somewhat presumptuous, becoming his old pompous self again.
It hadn’t come as a surprise. These feelings had boiled in him for a long time. His voice had been shaking, he had been trembling with anger, words spilling over that he never had wanted to voice, all his deepest fears surfacing in his helplessness. He had been standing in front of Sherlock, hands on his hips, back hunched, head hanging between his shoulders. His chest heaving from the heavy breathing. His heart racing.
“I was always looking for the next rush of adrenaline,” John said out of the blue, without further announcement. He sat up and looked at Sherlock who only reluctantly let go of him. “You were right, I’m an addict, I always have been. Always looking for the next fix. I never stayed long, I never committed myself to anything. Army and medicine, perfect place to be for that. Easy to hide behind a long-term contract with only one hospital or signing up for a tour abroad for several years… yeah,” he huffed dismissively, “good old dutiful and loyal John Watson.” He looked down at their hands. Sherlock’s hand almost fully covered his. For some reason it was a calming and reassuring sight.
He had tried to make up for it the last couple of days, had cared for Sherlock, had taken his pulse more often than necessary only to feel it thump under his fingers, to make sure that Sherlock was still there, that this time John was allowed to do what he had been denied back then. What he wanted most. To keep Sherlock safe. Even if it could never be more than just that.
“The name is Sherlock Holmes. And our address will be 221B Baker Street.” Sherlock murmured and leaned down to seal their lips again. Much softer this time, tender and caring and with the certainty of this not being over. He only briefly let go of John to mumble: “We'll get your cane later.”
John looked back and forth between the two of them and realised that Greg, too, was fidgeting in the back of the lab, trying to look as unaffected as remotely possible.
Sherlock closed his eyes, tried to breathe slowly and deeply. He was scared, he was frightened, he was absolutely terrified.
"God, Sherlock…" John growled, their mouths disconnected for the first time since forever. "I love you." He searched Sherlock's eyes who knew his own gaze was hazy at best.
Aside from the awkward… no, that might not be exactly the correct term to describe that encounter… the unexpected surprise of… for fucks sake, what was wrong with him… wasn't it exactly the
“Well, if it is of such importance to you, I’ll see what can be done. I assure you that Dr. Watson won’t have to miss any of the comforts he had grown accustomed to. I assure his every need will be met. There will be no hindrances for him to live a satisfactory life. Even if I still doubt that this is the best solution there is.” Mycroft finally agreed.
“Molly, it's okay.” John interrupted her. “Molly.” He said a bit firmer when she kept staring at her feet. When she finally looked up he hurried to reassure her: “It's okay. I know you care and that is… good. Yeah, really good actually.” he nodded. “But… you know… what was I supposed to do? I… just… yeah.” He shrugged one shoulder, being out of his depth, too.
"I think this really is the moment to take action." Greg said to the back of John's head. "If you ask me…" He added, a bit insecure. "Now or never. You don't have anything to lose, do you? Time to make a decision… as my granny used to say: if you want something to change then something has to change. And you won't ever know if you don't try. And here's another one of my granny: You already have a 'no', but there's always a chance to get a 'yes' instead." He patted John's shoulder. "Think about it." And John heard him shuffling through the living room before the door to his bedroom clicked shut carefully.
"Don't care!" said Greg, still elated as he snatched back his worksheet and stuffed it quite roughly into his bag. "A pass is a pass!"
tolerate any funny business in my classroom. I don't care what you get away with anywhere else, it will not fly in here. No warnings. No second chances. Understood?"
He followed John out the door, but somehow ended up leading the way. John thought it was strange how Sherlock seemed to know exactly how to get to the dining hall without making a single wrong turn, even though his first day here had been yesterday. But then again, there were a lot of strange things about this boy, and his strong sense if direction certainly wasn't the strangest.
Just as he was ending the letter with a suggestion as to where exactly his boss could stick their contract, a familiar voice made him jump. "Christ, Mycroft what have you gotten yourself into now?"
"I know," said Sherlock. "But they said my 'maturity level needs work', which is complete and utter nonsense-"
Having long ago finished her homework, Molly was lying sideways on one of the boys' beds– she didn't know whose– playing Candy Crush on her phone. She didn't play games often, but she needed something mind-numbing to keep her thoughts away from Sherlock and John. They had only been gone for an hour, yet Molly couldn't help but worry about them. If what Sherlock had said was true– if Irene was really working for Moriarty– could her friends be in danger tonight? Was she a horrible person for not going with them to the party?
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Yes, Greg, but it's not that simple. If it were, I would've done it already. He's expecting me, and I still need information! I don't know what his plan is. I don't even know who he's working with. All I know is that he's after Sherlock, and now that Sherlock knows this he's going to be putting himself in even more danger because he has to play
"I'm afraid that's classified information, Gavin," Mycroft replied, hoping it would shut him up. Of course, it didn't. The boy just laughed, causing Mycroft to raise an eyebrow. Did he think he was joking?
The boy didn't answer. He appeared to be muttering to himself, completely lost in thought. John sighed. "Sherlock," he said a bit louder. Still nothing.
Sneaking out was easy enough for Sherlock, even though his bedroom was on the second floor. Graceful as a feline, he was quite good at jumping from high places, always managing to land on his feet. Heights didn't scare him; in fact, they thrilled him.
He pulled away from John and looked at the officer. "Thank you for bringing him home. Please tell me he didn't get into trouble."
Sherlock thought. He lived for experimental chemistry, and was quite disappointed that Dixon had spent the entire first month of the school year lecturing. But at long last they were going to do something! He just hoped that there wouldn't be-
Finally, promising himself he would accomplish this sedation in five minutes or less, he opened the door.
Suddenly, Sherlock came barreling out of the doorway, gun in hand, with Irene Adler following close behind him. Irene halted in shock at the sight of Sebastian's crippled form. Sherlock, however, leaped over him without a thought, but halted at the sight of where Mycroft was standing.
Realizing that Irene stood several feet in front of him, Sherlock began to untie the ropes around his wrists without opening his eyes. As he picked and pulled at the thick knots, he made more deductions.
He had to kill a psychopath, he had to protect his brother, he had to make sure their parents didn't find out about any of this, and.......he had a fucking
"What? Oh yes, right! On my way back here I ran into him and deduced that he had just returned from a rather brutal confrontation, which he had undoubtedly won. Since then, I've done some research," he motioned to his laptop, "and compiled a list of all inhabitants of the rooms in the opposite direction of where I encountered him, which, unfortunately, includes the A hall-"
"Calm down John," Sherlock whispered once they stood outside the door. "We'll be okay. I promise." Then, without thinking about it, he reached over and squeezed John's hand.
Mycroft thought to himself as he went back to his dorm right after chemistry. He probably knew more than every teacher in this building combined. He could afford to take a mental health day.
John gestured to Sherlock's desk chair, which was still pulled up beside his own from when they had been watching movies last night. And, John remembered with a smile, holding hands.
be too stupid to realize this himself–" he cut himself off suddenly, detecting the sound of footsteps coming from around the corner.
And he opened his mouth to do just that, but instead of words, a sound that he had never before made in his life escaped him; something between a whine and a moan. And before he can think on it anymore, Mycroft gripped Greg's face in both hands and crashed their lips back together.
"I am," Mycroft lied, shaking out his hand as if to rid it of the touch that was no longer there. "Unlike you, I do not waste time wallowing in pitiful emotions when there is a bigger picture to be analyzed."
"Getting into trouble this soon in the school year, Sherlock?" Mycroft remarked to him, taking a seat behind and to the right of his brother, so that they were diagonal (the better to keep an eye on him).
Ah, there it was. Sherlock knew his brother would sell him out sooner or later. At least he had had the courtesy not to do it at the police station, though.
The fact that Greg seemed to think Mycroft was crazy shouldn't have irked him, but for some reason it did. He found himself actually caring what the boy thought of him, which annoyed him even more.
The two glared at each other intensely. John was as out of the loop as ever, but could guess enough to know that it wouldn't be wise for the two of them to stick around any longer. "Sherlock, let's just go," he urged.
"Er, I think I'll go get the lab equipment," said John, seeming eager to escape for a moment. "It says here we need....stuff."
"Alright, we have to get him inside," said Jim, his anger at Irene suddenly forgotten. "Grab his arms."
"Wait," Sherlock sat up so quickly that he got a head rush. "Sorry, I just....John, there are so many things that I don't know, and that scares the hell out of me." Sherlock wasn't sure what made him say it, but he did. What was it about John that made him so honest?
John changed questions mid sentence when he saw the multiple cuts and bruises on his friend's face, but Sherlock shook his head.
Molly sighed. "It's in the third drawer of my desk. Just please be sure to put it back when you're done-"
"While tonight may not have been exclusively about me," he continued, before John could ask the question budding on his lips. "It did involve the very beginning of the part that
men fail, well, you're pretty much fucked because "there's no money in the budget to send out two rescue missions for the same shithead who was dumb enough to get his arse captured". And that was the code of the international secret service.
They both chuckled, and the fact that Mycroft still had the ability to do so was almost enough to make him forget the scene outside.
"Well, seeing as it was either that or biology, I went with the one that was less likely to make me want to kill myself."
He did not know where he was or who was watching him, so he didn't dare open his eyes, but began to make deductions with his other four senses the second consciousness allowed him.
"Sorry about him," the older boy said. "He's got quite a temper. I'm Greg, by the way. Greg Lestrade."
"Yeah," said Mycroft, figuring that his brother couldn't be anymore mad at him than he already was. "I read your journal shortly before we got arrested-"
"Alright," John said, throwing his hands in the air, but still smiling. "If you insist, I'll leave you alone
"Thank you for bringing them home," she said over their heads to the officer. Then, she passed them over to their father, who was a lot less glad to see them.
John frowned. ABO University was a school that allowed students of any dynamic to attend, be it Alpha, Omega, or Beta. Coincidentally, they had the best classes in criminology, psychology, and sociology, leading to the brightest and the most ambitious of students leaving school to become the best detectives in the country. Greg's father, Monty, had graduated from that school, and was one of the most revered-and retired-detective inspectors to ever grace London. He saw things, not in the same way Sherlock did, but close enough that everybody respected him almost to the same extent they obviously respected John's infuriating Alpha, who'd made a name for himself with the help of his brilliant mind and brilliant sibling. Not that John had done his research on the other boy or anything. That, of course, would have implied that he cared.
John was having trouble breathing. That smirk of his . . . he knew exactly what he was doing. This was all just some sort of elaborate plan, wasn't it? Make the Omega sex-crazed long enough to mount him and claim him in front of everyone. With the way John was feeling right now, he'd probably let him.
John blew a breath out from between his parched lips, clutching his stomach as he hunched over, trying to control his breathing.
John was bracing for a fight when the door burst open and in walked a very stern looking Sherlock, the sight of him doing something strange to John's insides. One whiff of Moriarty's scent, and John's Alpha narrowed his eyes, telling the man to back off without even opening up his mouth.
Ichabod swallowed. It was no surprise to anyone that Mr. Holmes's oldest son was the only person in the world Mr. Watson feared. "Uh . . . well, yes. Look, Mycroft, I know you love your brother, but-"
"Everybody shut up," Sherlock said, looking bored. "I'll figure this out eventually. Right now I'm hungry. Mycroft?"
"Just be ready by 7:00. If you're lucky, I could be persuaded into bargaining with your father for a chance to snatch you away from your household so you can spend a weekend at a place of your choosing. I'll assure him that you're with Sherlock, of course."
Holy Sherlock! I'm sooo overjoyed at the amount of praise I've received for this story so far. I loved all of your comments and I do so hope you keep them coming. I'm not going to lie to you, this chapter is nothing more than a filler leading up to the next, so it really sucks. No need to worry, though. The next one will hopefully be much better (and longer) than its predecessors, but it's going to take longer to finish (you can't rush art, dammit!), so just bear with me. On a happier note, I married Benedict Cumberbatch today! (In my mind, that is). Isn't it grand? Oh, the joy of delusions. xD
“I most certainly did not,” Holmes responded with far more dignity than should be possible for a man slung over a shoulder like a sack of potatoes.
As usual, he had underestimated Watson. Their fingers were still twined together, and the doctor dragged Holmes closer by hugging himself with their entangled arms, forcing Holmes to embrace him in the same motion. Watson thrust his hips back, the stuttering motion tearing from him a strangled, animal cry that spoke more of pain and humiliation than pleasure.
Holmes could not help thinking as they both shed their more recognizable outer garments.  The doctor was undeniably handsome, neat and muscular, sharp-eyed and soft-lipped, but Holmes knew his own proclivities. He knew that appearance and even gender were only minor components in what attracted him to a person, as generally not even the most handsome face could tempt him. But on some rare occasions, once or twice in his life, his own traitorous human nature forced him to engage in those lesser forms of expression. Always, there was some spark of the exceptional, something to hold his interest. What that was in Watson, he did not yet know. But he was interested.
He was at Watson’s bedside now. He pressed his ear to Watson’s chest, needing to experience his heartbeat with as many senses as possible. It was strong and steady beneath Holmes’s ear, beating hard under heated skin. He grasped the man by both shoulders and began to shake him gently.
“John’s brother caught us. I managed to make an escape before he got a proper look at me, but John. John paid the price.”
“And then perhaps,” Watson whispered, “I shall find a way to put a stop to those incessant observations of yours for just a moment.”
“He can’t,” Holmes said. He ran his fingers through his own hair and yanked, using the pain to sharpen his focus. “Give him something.”
“I have read the stories he wrote about you. If you were even half as clever as John describes you, I knew you’d come eventually.”
Watson’s stomach twisted in shame. He tried to ignore the bile rising in his throat as he panted for breath.
Holmes saw too clearly now, now that it was not just a flat-mate and sometime colleague slammed up against a dirty alley wall, but his Watson still as death beneath him. His Watson, who was quick tempered and sarcastic, but never truly angry unless he was scared. His Watson, whose lips were forming the word “no” with each of Holmes’s thrusts.
The detective dropped beside his friend. His hands fluttered uselessly by the doctor’s shoulders, afraid to touch and afraid not to touch.
. Holmes sat at the head of the bed. He scooped up his friend in one motion, pulling Watson’s bare back against his chest, trapping his arms at his sides by hugging him around the waist.
Smith swallowed hard but still hesitated. Holmes picked up the gun. “My friend has been hurt and I am angry. I would really like to shoot someone. Thank you for the opportunity.”
“Excellent. Do something then.” Watson fisted a hand in Holmes’s sleeve and gave it a commanding tug, pulling the detective’s face down towards his own. “Start with the kissing, that’s the usual order of things.”
Holmes went to his room and dumped the untidy stack of paper on his bed. He began to pace his room. Only one case held his interest. There was just the small matter of having been explicitly told not to pursue it by the one person who had a right to make such a decree.
,” Watson had said. The answer, then, lay in his childhood. That deduction sent Holmes to the punchbowl for several vicious rounds, and then to the one person in the city who had more investigative resources at his disposal than Sherlock.
“I will do nothing of the sort.” Holmes could not look away from the tears still caught in Watson’s lashes.
Holmes lowered his revolver. He knew the rest of the story, had known it from the instant Smith had spoken John’s name with such grieved affection.
There were enemies at the mouth of the alley now, and Watson had turned into a feral thing in his arms. The doctor slammed down on Holmes’s instep, kicked backwards at his groin, and writhed beneath him, snarling with incoherent rage.
“I think that might be overstating it somewhat.” He said it with a familiar weary resignation. “Is your curiosity at least satisfied?”
A beat of silence. “In my experience, there is nothing farther beyond reason, nothing more in the realm of natural, instinctive reaction, than, than…that.”
Watson looked over his shoulder at the as yet empty street and nearly crashed to the ground as Holmes yanked him by the lapels into a shadowy alley.
Now that he had started, Smith seemed unable to stop. “John was laying on his stomach. He held my hand and told me that I musn’t allow myself to be an invert, a whore. That people would hurt me. He hadn’t told them who I was, even when they beat him, when they…when they hurt him.” His voice was choked with emotion.
Life at 221B went on again the next day in much the same way it had gone the day before. Holmes threw himself, and Watson, into his work. Every case that crossed his desk, they took. No criminal, no matter how pedestrian, went uncaught. No light-fingered maid went unpunished and no blackguard went unpursued. In the meantime, Mrs. Hudson brought tea and scones, Gladstone waddled about in the sitting room, the rain fell and new politicians rose. Nothing had changed but the lens through which Watson viewed the world. He felt as if he watched it all from a great distance, through cracked and blackened glass.
“Two blocks and we’ll be in safer territory,” Watson told himself and his burden. He focused on the cobbles and saw patterned carpet, concentrated on Holmes's weight on his shoulder and felt another pressing against him from behind.
William Smith lived above his office on Oxford Circus, not two streets from Watson’s one-time home with Mary. Smith had three children, a beautiful wife and a thriving legal counsel. If his wife did not see to his mending and breakfasted in a different room, well. No doubt everyone who knew them would say she was an excessively busy woman.
“He is well. Recovering from a brief illness.” Holmes had to stop and swallow. His lip, split last night during a particularly difficult bout, began to bleed. “He is as well as can be expected.”
At breakfast yesterday, Watson had offered him a piece of toast, buttered and with just the perfect amount of jam, far more than the doctor liked. But instead of putting it on the detective's empty plate, as Watson usually did when he was not-so-subtly mothering Holmes into eating, he had held it up for Holmes to take a bite. It
Understanding Watson had always been easy for Holmes, before. The doctor seldom bothered to hide his feelings, even at the beginning of their acquaintance when he might still have believed it possible. Of course, the detective now knew he'd underestimated Watson's ability to influence Holmes's deductions by manipulating his emotions. This discovery probably should have worried Holmes, and truly, it would terrify him to know that anyone other than Watson had this power over him. But Holmes trusted Watson. It was himself he could no longer trust with so delicate a matter as interpreting Watson.
“I could never let you go,” Holmes finally admitted. He went to the door and locked it. Before he could doubt himself, he crawled onto Watson’s bed, laying on top of the covers between the doctor and the wall.
“I observe your case did not go well.” Watson poked the bruised knuckles of the hand resting on his knee.
“It was once. And it will be again. We will be too.” He smiled his shy smile, the one he hid beneath his mustache and a ducked head. Holmes usually had to surprise it out of him; and perhaps Smith was right after all, for this was a sweetness in Watson that Holmes had long cherished.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and returned his attention to the empty space he had been staring off into previously.
And so, at nearly five in the morning, Mycroft and Sherlock were once again in the back of a police car together. Only this time, neither of them said a word.
"No!" John interjected right away. "We've been over this, and you're not risking your life like that!"
A familiar baritone cried out, "John, RUN!", but not before John felt a stabbing pain in his neck and his world turned dark.
Holding her breath, Molly stood up and slowly backed to the furthest corner of the room. She was grateful that she had locked the door– something she had made it a habit to do since the day she learned about Moriarty– but she had a feeling whoever this was had the means to open a locked door.
The bullet could have only come, Mycroft deduced, from the open doorway directly behind Sebastian. The doorway that led to the stairwell. Which meant-
As soon as the man was out of sight, John's dad yanked him through the doorway, shutting and locking the door behind them. John found himself grateful that the officer hadn't come inside. The place was just as trashed as it was when John had left, with empty beer bottles everywhere and bloodstains on the kitchen walls. His mother was passed out on the couch, with bruises covering every inch of her face. John was relieved to see her breathing.
"Do I know you?" He snapped. This was the second time in a row he'd been stopped on his way to smoke, and he was starting to feel the nicotine withdrawal.
"This is....wow this is a lot. I have no idea how you must be feeling right now," said John, and Sherlock wanted so badly for John to take his hand off him, but at the same time wanted him to keep it there forever. He had no idea what that meant, but it was strange.
That was all Mycroft could think as he typed furiously on his laptop, waiting for chemistry class to start. A few kids had given him strange looks, but he was quite used to these and was able to ignore them completely. It also helped that all of his attention was focused completely on the horrifying message his supervisor had just sent to him via coded email.
"You should talk," Sherlock muttered back, mirroring Mycroft's look of sympathy, and for just a second it was like they weren't fighting.
Then, with a resigned shrug, Moriarty passed Greg and his gun over to Sebastian so that he could focus entirely on Mycroft. He led the boy toward the edge of the roof, leaving Sebastian to stand with Greg directly in front of the open doorway.
Sherlock swallowed, still on the fence about telling them this part. He figured they deserved to know. "Viktor Jacobsen."
They didn't stop at their lunch table. Sherlock led them both out of the dining hall and up the stairs.
Finally the boy set down his instrument and stood, straightening his coat as he did so. John noticed that the boy was over a head taller than him, and impossibly thin. "Sherlock Holmes," he said, and somehow his smooth baritone did not surprise John one bit. It just seemed to fit so well with the rest of him.
Irene shrugged. "I suppose you can call that a lie, if you wish. But I'm certainly not on Jim's side."
Mycroft concluded, as he finished counting the leaves on the nearest tree for the dozenth time. Each time he started again the number of leaves decreased, as the storm's fierce winds shook them to the muddy ground. This kept the activity just interesting enough to keep his mind from obsessing over Moriarty's whereabouts, panicking about whether Sherlock was alright or not, or recalling the memory of Greg's lips firm and warm against his own...
John however winced and cursed inwardly. His only hope was that they hadn’t locked the door, otherwise they’d lose precious time when Lestrade and his team arrived. Speaking of… where the hell were they?
“Sherlock, listen, uhm…” God, the fastest one-way trip to Africa, please! “Please tell me that I’d never call you in the middle of the night, too drunk to even remember properly, to… tell you… something. That's not a thing I would do, is it?” John was aware that he practically begged Sherlock to deny it. As if that would make it any better.
He was nearly startled then when the music from the upstairs room stopped abruptly. Probably the battery of John’s phone had given up under the torture of continually being in use. This was quite a nice addition to the stillness of his mind. Sherlock sighed in relief and tapped out one last message before throwing his phone carelessly on the floor beside his bed.
John watched in awe, hovering at the rim of the shadows. Shifting where he stood, hands nervously fidgeting on his hips, eager to let himself be known. He didn’t want to push Sherlock though, to force him. John wanted to get it right this time. He had to choose the right moment. So he waited. And watched. And marveled at the magnificent mystery that was Sherlock. He was constantly shifting between fire and water, between burning and drowning, between vigour and tranquility, between dare and retreat, between forwards and backwards.
“So,” John cleared his throat, “and what would I find underneath that tight shirt after I sent your buttons flying?” he asked nonchalantly.
He turned his head and looked Sherlock in the eyes for the first time in a long while. What he saw there caused a turmoil in his belly. What was this mix of emotions battling in Sherlock’s expression? At least, there were actual emotions. This wasn’t the cold Sherlock throwing him out of Baker Street. Although he'd never actually done that, had he? John had left before he could. This also wasn’t Shezza 2.0, who had wiped out all emotions by exhaustion either. This was different. It was an open and raw overload of emotions that John couldn’t unravel, let alone understand and most of all not handle! He looked away quickly.
“You serious?” John wrinkled his brow. He gazed over at the clock. “Now? It’s only… just past noon!”
From deep inside his belly rose a bubbling laughter; one of the kind John had almost forgotten existed. A deep warm chuckle from the other end of the line met his own glee somewhere in the middle of his place and wherever this ridiculous, mad, but fascinating man might be right now. As far as John knew it could be anywhere in Britain, even though the line was supposed to be located in London. And God knew what this "handsome hot guy from next door" actually looked like. Could just as well be an overweight retiree with greasy hair, pepping up his pension while lounging on his sofa in his sweatpants, sipping beer. A sexy voice didn't mean anything and goddammit, why did he even care? John frowned after the laughter slowly died down, surprised by himself.
The dark curls a bit damp as after a shower, the fake lashes removed, the lips in their natural colour but no less sinful.
John wasn’t able to avoid his eyes from this shocking new discovery. Why didn’t he know? Why had nobody told him? How had Sherlock been able to hide this? The impact of his time away. On body and mind. Why had Sherlock never talked to him. One more thing John hadn’t known. One more thing Sherlock hadn’t trusted him with. Why Sherlock?
"Yep. Didn't know where else to go and he offered to let me stay. So I did." John shrugged which tugged at Sherlock's hand as well. It was excellent to feel like an extension of John.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, probably remembering and living through that day again himself. His breathing faltered a bit.
After a moment of drinking in each other's sight, John lowered himself to snuggle against Sherlock's side, to be held in his arms.
On his way there Sherlock’s body started fidgeting. He already felt all the energy and buzz drain from his brain into his body. He could feel the restlessness in his limbs, the tension in his spine grow more intense, which made him appear even higher and even more aloof than he already was. He welcomed it as he wasn’t keen on any social interaction at all right now.
Sherlock’s eyes rolled on their own accord. If it wasn’t clear by now, this dithery stammering was confirmation enough that the caller was no other than one John Watson.
"It was your idea! Not mine…" John could barely hear Scott through his own laughter but even then he was absolutely certain that the man was pouting again.
(one of my betas asked me to add a bucket of ice water... Unfortunately, there's no ice-water-bucket-emoji. My apologies.)
John realised now that this was definitely not the dance routine he knew and frowned. Something was missing. His eyes searched the stage, and when it hit him he felt no small amount of disappointment—there was no dancing pole. He felt stupid because he had just assumed there would be. Miss Pirate was inextricably linked to the pole in his mind. But of course this wasn’t the same club. However Miss Pirate didn’t seem to be insecure about her performance. She must be very good at improvising in her dance routine. Or very experienced, John’s brain supplied.
that you thought was at risk?” Sherlock asked and unceremoniously popped his trouser button open. When John only swallowed, eyes skipping back and forth between Sherlock’s face and his groin, Sherlock lowered the zip in a torturing slow pace, bit by bit revealing a half hard cock covered in black lace. John took a shuddering breath.
“How could that possibly be disappointing?” He aimed for some airiness, but his voice gone hoarse betrayed him. That traitorous thing — didn’t come over very cool, if a one-minute talk about shirts was enough to turn a middle-aged man into a drooling mess, yeah? Bugger…
“Hmmmm. Marvelous!” Scott chuckled in response to John’s delighted hum. However, John wasn't done yet. “What does it look like?” he asked.
He could physically feel the absence of the scratch and could barely stand the soft caressing of the high thread count fabric of the duvet cover. He nearly craved to be back there. Didn’t it mean oblivion and bliss despite all the hassle? But who’d care about the surroundings when everything faded out and left the mind so delightfully blank.
"I won’t, Sherlock. I won’t ever give up, never again. We already wasted so much time! I will never…" breathing, quick, shallow, close to the speaker, "No, Sherlock. I won't give up."
“Look at youuuuu, Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson fussed. “Ooohh, so lovely, your pirate is back! I already wondered how long until you’d miss it. You're gorgeous! He’s gorgeous, isn’t he?” She now addressed John.
"Come on then," he said, winking at his partner. "I have an extraordinarily stunning Pirate to show off and I want the world to know that she's
Without taking any breath, his lungs void of air, vacuum, he pressed play and watched John Watson settle onto a sofa. A sofa Sherlock didn't recognise. John looked… ragged. Deep dark circles underneath his eyes indicating sleepless nights. Posture stiff not solely from nerves but also from sore muscles hinting on an uncomfortable sleeping surface. No bed then, thus no hotel room and more importantly not his own flat with his own bed… Sherlock had to close his eyes for a short moment… draw a shivering breath… not in bed with someone else either. So probably a lilo. Or the sofa he was currently sitting on. Unknown sofa. Not good. Sherlock swallowed. But then, John's shirt. Crumpled, collar only poorly tugged in shape, not ironed. No iron available. So, probably not in a woman's place then… clichés, but true often enough. Good. Another breath, a bit easier. Also not in a place of a man concerned enough about his appearance to own an iron… or use it. Also good. Sherlock had no idea why it mattered. Only, he had but didn't want to think about it. So, a friend's place probably, sleeping on the sofa. A makeshift arrangement. Good. Good! It didn't matter anymore. But… good! Sherlock exhaled.
He realised his breath had gone shallow. Each breath burned in his chest. He gasped for air like a drowning man. Glaring at his brother, he felt his eyes being dry and raw, his eyelids like sandpaper. He must have been booted down for quite some time then. He tried to regain some control over his body, his mind, his senses.
“It’s my turn on stage again, would have had to leave anytime soon anyway,” Miss Pirate said, all business.
Only fragments of the melody and snippets of the lyrics had been seeping through into his consciousness.
This was the moment Sherlock's phone chose to announce a new incoming text by playing John's violin theme. Sherlock shut his eyes in defeat. He had worked so hard. He had closed all doors. He had stored everything away. Safely. Why would there have to be a twelfth text message. He would have to rearrange. He would have to reevaluate. After 5700 seconds of silence.
He leaned against the kitchen counter and waited. Just waited. He had waited for this moment for so long, a few more minutes didn't matter. Sherlock had to be ready. He would come up when he was; John was certain. Still, when he heard the front door open and slow hesitant steps approaching the stairs he couldn't suppress a small relieved sigh. This gesture of Sherlock deciding to join John, was one of the most important ones of their entire journey. And now here they were, ready to take the leap.
"I—maybe naively in retrospect—assumed that you'd realise rather quickly that the drugs were fake when you'd have found me well and conscious and in the full capacities of my mental abilities; as much even that I
"I wasn't aware of the fact that my mind palace was incomplete. You know the saying of how a house becomes a home?" he watched as John nodded slowly, expectantly observing him.
"... and thirdly, this observation is—as usual—completely wrong. I remember very vividly you complaining about body parts in the fridge or the smell of my coat after retrieving evidence from… somewhere. How is that pretty or less dirty?"
That moment his thoughts stopped, as if someone had called him, mind coming back to life, awareness, surfacing. He listened.
Trudging up the steps to 221B John pondered the one question which had bounced in his head like a pinball ever since he had come to Baker Street today.
John couldn't form coherent thoughts or words anymore. All he was able to do was mumble senseless "Sherlock" and "fuck" and "Oh God" and "yes yes
(PS. Thank you all for your patience, your support, your enthusiasm, your encouragement. For reading, for kudos, for life-giving comments. Thank you. On my behalf and the behalf of "my" boys. I hope their happiness is worth all the angst I put you through! Stay safe everyone!!! 💗)
Sherlock's shoulders sagged visibly. “I don't think that would be the best of plans at the moment.” Sherlock said. “I don't want to stand in his way.”
Heart beating faster, pulse thumping in his ears he splayed Sherlock's-his fingers, hand pressed firmly against his throat. He felt the echoing of his pulse under the tips of his fingers, he sucked in a protesting breath against the slightly suffocating hold. The hand softened it's grip, trailed down, sliding skin over skin, warmth over cold, caressing and being caressed. When the cold fingers dipped under the collar of his shirt he drew in a sharp breath because of the jolting contrast in temperature of the intruding digits and the discovery of temptingly hot territory he needed to explore.
“They do have a special section for vampires as well, by the way...” Sherlock growled low in his throat. Leaning over, Sherlock licked his lips. John couldn't help but giggle.
“That’s what I said.” Scott said a tad annoyed, as if he was speaking with a child. “That’s what one does if one enters an unfamiliar field of expertise without having all the facts and with a lack of knowledge, isn’t it?”
"He's not a threat," Sherlock's eyes were fixed on John with an unfamiliar trilled glimmer and undeniable heat in them. "He's… escort." Sherlock’s eyes flipped back to the man in the cab who nodded slowly, pursing his lips.
"Good. I know an Indian restaurant just a few corners from here. Their chilli dishes are acceptable even if not superior and they're still open for selected clientele."
The screech of the legs of Sherlock's chair on the wood of the living room floor told John that Sherlock got up to follow him. Silent like a cat Sherlock had sneaked up on him and even though he had expected him to be near, John was startled when two long arms wrapped themselves around his waist from behind.
“I’ll start with the—to me—most important thing.” And back was Sherlock’s tension, but John held his hands, held his gaze, tried to hold him in the here and now. He never averted Sherlock’s eyes when he said, “Sherlock, I need you to stay.” Sherlock looked a bit puzzled. Apparently he had expected something else. But then, that was the whole point, wasn’t it? So he went on, “We’ll talk and see about everything else, but… to me, the most important thing is, to have you here with me! Sherlock, don’t leave me behind again!” Their gazes linked, both still cautious about the others' reaction, they sat in the silent kitchen. “Please. Stay. Here, with me.” John tugged slightly on Sherlock’s hands, trying to further support his plea. “Will you? Stay?” he whispered in the end, when Sherlock only kept looking.
The first time John had laid eyes on Greg's new home he was lost for words. He never had it given much thought where and how Greg lived. They had met for a pint at the pub now and then but hadn't been any closer than that. They knew next to nothing of their everyday life although there wasn't much to know about both men anyway - apart from working with Sherlock and living with Sherlock. It seemed that in the end everything came down to Sherlock in John's life.
"Paramedics?" He immediately fished for his phone and dialed Mrs Hudson's number. Already running past a laughing Spider-guy, John begged his phone to go over. "If you have hurt one of them, I'll kill you! I promise!!" he yelled back over his shoulder.
Standing still, nearly choking on his own breath, Sherlock absorbed the words, tried to weave them into his tissue, make them part of his being.
The flash of a memory. John Watson, furious, angry, hurt, in a shady restaurant, piercing him with his eyes, stabbing his soul. "I don’t care
“I’d rather you fuck me,” said Sherlock, and John wondered how he was still able to sound this posh and cocky when he was splaid open in the most vulnerable way, face flushed, curls sticking to his sweaty forehead, breath shallow.
When he felt dizzy enough to see the world turning without seeing anything at all, he ended his pirouettes by standing with his legs spread, feet wide apart but secure on the ground, his arms resting reassuringly at his sides. His head held high and proud.
When Sherlock shrugged his coat on and stuffed the things he held into the various pockets, John began to panic. Was Sherlock about to leave? Without thinking he launched forward with the intention to grab Sherlock by his shoulder, hold him back, turn him around to face him.
"Right, of course, you wouldn't know." he said. "I stayed at Greg's after I… left Baker Street." Apparently, John felt uncomfortable. Sherlock wondered why?
“Ridiculous.” Scott wasn’t able to hide his pleased smile either. Two peas in a pod, apparently, John thought.
They continued their way in comfortable silence. They left the bridge behind, made their way into the delicately woven web of London's streets. Sherlock matched his steps to John's shorter ones and revelled in their closeness; in their shoulders bumping against each other while walking, his bare forearm brushing against the fabric of John's shirt, their legs sliding one against the other when they lost their rhythm for a moment… which barely happened. John had to bend his arm slightly upwards to be able to hold Sherlock's hand. Sherlock found that extremely cute, although he would never let the man know. If that was the reason that he held him a bit tighter, if he pulled him a tad closer, he didn't care because it was all fine and it was no-one's business but theirs.
he wanted to talk about. Then again, were they the same 'things' John meant? He didn't want to assume and he didn't want to show his cards. Showing one's cards was a sure way to lose the game.
Sherlock had never expressed any desire to engage in any exchange of physical attention, neither platonically nor let alone sexually with anyone. Mrs Hudson was the only one who was on the receiving end of an affectionate but brief hug now and then. But that was about it.
"Tell me, if I'm doing this wrong, yeah? Never done it before…" he said hushed into the intimate space between them.
John didn’t miss the pleased and delighted glimmer in Sherlock’s eyes, even though the man didn’t waste any time to engulf him in another all-consuming kiss. John’s mind got fuzzy and he wondered why it had seemed important to talk at all… what was it he had wanted to say anyway? He was about to drop the talking all together, circling his arms around Sherlock’s middle, pulling him closer and closer still. Their bare upper bodies touching took the last bit of breath he had left away—feeling their body warmth blend, unhindered by the barrier of clothes; the velvet like slide of skin against skin; the undulating rise and fall of a flat solid chest against his own—John's mind had stopped processing and he had to give in and give himself over to the shockwave of sensations. He wanted to drown in it and never surface again.
"I never said such thing. I merely said, fairy lights are not fireflies. But that's a different season."
Love! Love? She had said ‘love’... love you the way John does? Sherlock froze. Blinked. And his senses narrowed down to
He would have laughed about this craziness his evening had turned into wouldn't he have been blown away by that gorgeous creature he had just met.
John kept picking up random objects, eyeing them without seeing, considering them worthless, ignoring them the same moment. Some of them landed in the duffle bag. But at the same pace they were thrown out all over again, nothing seemed important enough to bother himself with.
Okay, so John was still in denial. Maybe he had even forgotten that he had called? Sherlock had to be careful.
"You bet! And when I do I'll break every single bone in your body while naming them!" John called after him, but the man didn't turn and didn't react and then he was gone.
Now though, they needed to get moving. Facing the goal isn’t the same as reaching the goal. John thought about his flowchart again and realised that they’d just taken a big leap. He was already half way down to the bottom of the sheet and heading in the right direction. Joy bubbled up in his belly and the tingling of barely contained anticipation spread through his body.
Slowly he tore his eyes open, momentarily blinded by the sun. Had it been this bright before? The more his eyes got used to it the more John's face took shape.
He blinked in confusion at the search results… there were hundreds of matches but all for the same thing. A song.
Head on the pile of cushions. Wrong side. But a lingering scent of cheap Tesco shampoo, tea and home washed cotton shirts worn one day too long wavered into his awareness. He found that he didn’t care about anything else right now.
John swallowed, he couldn’t believe his eyes. He growled and clenched his jaws while staring at Sherlock who didn’t even bat an eyelid.
"I missed a whole day, John, that's hardly…" was he pleading? Pleading for what? For his abomination to be confirmed? He needed to be someone, something, John wouldn't want. How would he otherwise be able to…
In his memory were pictures of him throwing dishes against the kitchen wall, crying out until Mrs Hudson had come up, lingering in the doorway, giving him pitying looks but helpless all the same…
“So… what can I do for you, Mycroft?” He pulled Mycroft’s attention back from the distraction of the bathroom door.
It wouldn’t do any good to go down that path again, not now. However, Mister Big-Brother-I-worry-for-him-constantly could at least deal with Mary. Take that off their backs. That would hardly be a problem for him.
Even if John knew that they weren't done with that specific topic by far, Sherlock's enthusiastic response to his reassurances showed how very much he agreed and it was more than welcome.
"We have to think of something else." John said after a while, still holding his belly and trying to regain composure.
John was relieved and grateful that Sherlock had thought about it. The thought warmed him inside, around his heart, in his chest, tingling in his belly. The self proclaimed sociopath taking precautions to keep others safe; arranging a mass tracking to get people tested he didn't even know. Some kind of sociopath he was… Well, maybe a bit after all considering the devilish grin forming on his lips...
After eyeing the various items for a moment, he took out an old fading family picture. He must have been about 5 years old. He didn't remember. It was one of the last pictures of them being whole, being one, being happy. At least he had thought they'd been. Now in retrospect, he could make out a kind of distance in the stance of his dad, a sort of sadness in the hollow smile of his mum. It all felt so wrong seeing it with the eyes of the grown up, with all he knew now. His childhood felt like one big lie.
been directed at him. That was the only reason why Sherlock had even bothered to add a link to the email. It was the song he had had in mind immediately after listening to John’s music on the USB device. So... it's… sending messages by songs between them now? Was that code for something?
Actually, this was even scarier than the tea, because Sherlock was certain, absolutely certain, that Mycroft
"This is some serious shit, mate." When John only kept breathing shakily and didn't even do as much as look at him, he added: "This… Christ, John, even you must realise that… this… coming from Sherlock… is a fucking love declaration."
have afterwards." John wanted to interrupt him. He heard the inhale that preceded the words. But he wouldn't let him. He had to get this out. Had to be done with it. He couldn't let John live on with illusions Sherlock wasn't sure were still possible. Normally John wasn't
“Because I had a row... in the shop... with a chip and pin machine!” John grit his teeth and pulled a face.
So, he waited. He positioned himself in a dark corner of the hallway and observed; his mood hanging over him like a dark cloud heavy from an approaching thunderstorm, keeping everyone at a safe distance. The glances thrown his way were  suspicious, estimating  and... if he wouldn't know better... bordering on frightened. Did he know better though? Did he know anything right now? Wasn't that the entire problem?
His whole upper body still swaying from side to side, as if he still hadn’t found his axis, his centre, his balance.
Furthermore I discovered that my betas aren't human, because what they're doing for me and my writing isn't humanly possible!! So, watch out for my two otherworldly betas Jobooksandcoffee and Littleweedwrites!! Check out their works, too!!!
“Yep. Got some moves, let me tell you. Movie was named ‘Dirty Dancing’ for a reason…” John grinned lasciviously and let his hands wander lower over Sherlock’s hips, as far as he could reach, settling them where Sherlock’s back merged into the swell of his arse. The motion made John's shirt slide off of his shoulders, ending up hanging low behind his back, trapped for now in the crooks of his arms.
It only took two, three strokes for him to come as well with a deep grunt, covering Sherlock’s hand in a fair amount of come.
Why? John felt as if hurled through a salad spinner. This man gave him a mental and emotional whiplash. Until realisation dawned on him and a smirk lifted the corner of his mouth.
This small gesture was such a big gift that it almost choked Sherlock with its gravity. He felt his heart fill with love to the brim, spilling over when he reached up with his right hand to mirror John's touch of his face.
"I don't have time!" Sherlock shouted, jumped up and slammed the knuckles of his fists on the tabletop.
Still clutching his chair, knuckles white from tension he was awfully aware of the obvious bulge in his trousers currently pressing into one of her thighs. He immediately doubted that snapping his hands away had been such a good decision after all.
This was what you get when you let all the barriers down. This stupid reaction to mere imagination was getting him nowhere and would only cause more pain than there already was anyway. It was pointless to even indulge in fantasies. It's not as if there would ever be the slightest hope that this silly sentiment would be reciprocated. There was no chance it would ever become reality. John would never… not ever… of course he wouldn't. He wasn't gay. He had articulated that often enough, continuously, explicitly. That wouldn't change just because Sherlock wanted it to. Oh, and how he wished it would, now more than ever. At the same time, it was now more out of reach than ever before. It would always stay an unattainable dream.
came up with this genius idea though.” He gave Sherlock a stern look. “So now, stay still, Holmes! That’s an order!” John instructed in his best Captain Watson voice.
“Slept well?” came a snarky remark from the kitchen just as he tried to sneak through the hallway. He stopped and slowly made his way into the kitchen only to find Sherlock hunched over his microscope pretending to be very invested in his current experiment. He wasn't looking up at John.
"Sentiment." Sherlock growled as expected. It didn't stop him from nuzzling into John's palm though.
your call. I won’t go anywhere you don’t want me to and I won’t leave unless you ask me to.” For emphasis he shrugged his shoulders, which made him look like a stubborn little school boy; and suddenly Sherlock felt the ties around his heart unwind and a laugh crept up his throat. It tingled and it vibrated in his chest and pulled a warmth in its wake that broke free, when he saw the relief easing the lines around John’s eyes. When a grin spread on John’s lips Sherlock couldn’t hold back either; he huffed once and chuckled, feeling his constricted lungs unfold and his roaring stomach calm down.
“Well…”, Mycroft started coolly, trying very hard to maintain the impression of handling just one of his jobs.
“Take the… extended… giga… play…thing...” John did his best to hold it together, but his brain wouldn’t cooperate. There really was only one goal — get that oblivious berk home and show him some extended-giga-play…
John reached over, gently freed the neglected cup of coffee out of Sherlock’s crushing hold and set it next to his cup. He slowly and deliberately took Sherlock’s other hand too, holding both, looking at Sherlock. This time Sherlock accepted the touch without hesitation, even turned his hands palms up and tightened his grip the moment John’s hand settled into his, like holding onto a lifeline. It felt good. It felt right. It felt secure. It felt like a closed circle. Perfect.
He did see it clearly now though, recognised it. He had finally found it. The life he loved. The love of his life. Right in front of him. Solid and living and real. And against all odds—loving him back.
Of course John noticed and used it to his advantage, bringing the next line even more pronounced and sultry.
Honestly… What did this man think? That he could simply waltz into John's life, just like that, pick his mind apart, and rob him of the only constant of his current life? Wasn’t one at least allowed to keep some well deserved misery and self-pity?
John felt like a little child, soothed by his mom because he had to lie alone in the dark while a storm was roaring outside the house. But he realised that this was precisely what he needed. Why Greg's wife had left him was a mystery to John. This man was Mr. I-support-you.
"Oh… thank god." silently mumbled, not meant for Sherlock to hear. His heart did a little flip anyway. "Okay… Bye then, Sherlock. It was good to hear you. Yeah... really good."
He had looked at the house boat bobbing up and down on the water of the Thames right in front of him. And there was absolutely nothing wrong with that if it weren't for the fact that it was moored on the shore of the river on the opposite side of Battersea Park. Within eyeshot of the Power Station. John couldn't believe his luck… or misfortune that was. What was it Sherlock used to say about coincidence? Well…
, thought Sherlock but couldn't really be bothered. He unfastened his own belt, left the car and trotted behind Mycroft into the house. He made his way to his current intermittent residence. He hated the sterility and emptiness of Mycroft's home. Deserted hallways, reverberating chambers, oppressive artwork crowding the walls. But it was the most practical place for him to stay, if only out of logistical reasons.
“Hello, darling…” Sherlock smiled warmly at her and held his arms out to engulf her in a hug she accepted without hesitation.
He sighed in relief when Miss Pirate left her cursed current position to roll over on her back, but had to give his throbbing and straining erection a hard squeeze when the endeavour of a phatomime-fucking Miss Pirate went on even worse. Her back arching until it tilted off of the surface of the stage, her hips lifting and rolling and thrusting in the air, the Jolly Roger held in her hands and was pulled to slide back and forth between her legs.
"I don't watch films or read books unless they have relevant information that I could possibly use in the future-"
"Next week," Greg replied, eyeing John questionably. "No offense little guy, but are you sure you're interested? A lot of our players are pretty big, and you're....well."
thought Seb. Not only was he thankful that Jim's anger was no longer directed at him, but he had been longing to get rid of Irene practically since they met her. "Still in my bag, I think."
"I just don't know what to do with these boys anymore," their mother sobbed to the police officer, while their dad continued scolding them.
Understandably, Molly was not at all sympathetic for the boy who had attempted to molest her months prior, and allowed Sherlock to finish the story without further interruption.
It was then that John had felt a rush of....something. Testosterone, adrenaline, or just pure anger, he didn't know. But whatever it was made him say to himself "I'm too young for this bullshit.", throw some clothes in a duffle bag, and walk out the front door.
The meaning of what Sherlock was saying dawned on John first. "You think....you think they murdered him to frame you?"
Sometime in the middle of Dixon's tedious lecture, Sherlock couldn't take it anymore. He had to go look for him.
Irene led the boys to the back of the room and stopped suddenly. "You," she said, pointing at John. "Why don't you go over there and get us some drinks or something?" She pointed to a refreshments table set up by the front door, about as far away from where they were now as one could get.
"You have severely bruised ribs. Yet, you continue to lift heavy objects and generally treat yourself like you aren't injured. Are you sure you want to be a doctor, John? Because the fact that you seem to lack the most basic knowledge makes me wonder how you could ever manage such a profession."
But it was pointless, and he knew it. Just like all those times throughout his preteen years when he had tried to do this exact same thing, only while reciting '
John's father was a clever, manipulative man. He took one look at the officer and immediately wrapped John in what appeared to be a hug that a worried, caring father would give. However, John felt more like he was being squeezed to death by a jungle snake than being hugged by his dad.
," Sherlock spat, glaring at his brother with absolute hatred. "And anyway, what business is it of yours what I do?"
Like the fact that Mycroft was sitting in his seat behind Sherlock, with his head in his hands and looking utterly broken.
Sherlock pulled out his cell phone, checking the time. "A few more minutes," he said, leaning back against the wall outside the door.
Sherlock waited for his brother to throw him under the bus, to tell their parents how he had nothing to do with the drugs, but he just pressed his lips together and took the scolding. Ugh, why wasn't Mycroft defending himself? It was really hard for Sherlock to hate him when he kept being a good brother.
The boy turned from the window to see Greg sitting up, his eyes almost as wild as his hair. He looked delirious, but his next words were articulated perfectly. "What's going on? Are you okay?"
John stared at the closed door in disbelief. "But....surely you must realize that it will look suspicious if you don't show up!"
"Have you ever thought that he's simply heard about you from people at school?" John pointed out, although he should've known better. Sherlock was always ten steps ahead of everyone.
Molly took a seat and pulled her chemistry homework from her bag. "Thanks," she said. "Kind of hard to focus back at my place. My stupid roommate is setting up for some party she's having tonight."
After Mycroft finished his letter, he walked over to the window and tapped on it twice, then three more times.
"What?!" The older boy, who had been silently drifting off to sleep for a few minutes, now sat up straight in his chair. "You're joking."
He knew what he was looking for; he had noticed the structure in the distance the day he and John had rescued Molly several weeks before. The day they had discovered Moriarty.
"....Okay," John said, nervously. "I'll just...go over there for a bit." He retreated to a corner close by, so he could still keep an eye on Sherlock and Irene, even if he couldn't hear what they were saying.
"Because...." He began, wondering how he could phrase his answer without sounding insane- and then wondering why he suddenly cared what someone else thought.
got serious behavioral problems," their mother said. "Neither of you has a single friend at school, probably because of your horrid attitudes."
Then, realizing that he hadn't slept properly in over a week, he closed his eyes and let himself drift off to be free from his own mind.
Finally, after what felt like years of tossing and turning, trying to fall asleep, John couldn't take it anymore. He sat up and turned on the lamp. "Sherlock, I know you don't like me to disturb you while you're in your mind palace, but you've been sitting like that for hours. You need to eat or sleep or at least
Sherlock hissed, the disc tumbled to the floor again. He had burned his fingers after all, feelings boiling over, spilling, impossible to keep at bay. He had tried so hard. He had tried so hard not to care. A dry sob escaped his throat.
?” To underline his intentions, Sherlock rolled his hips, grinding their cocks together, creating a maddening friction.
Panting, gasping, pumped out. Lungs and chest hurting, heart nearly capitulating from exhaustion physically, emotionally. Drained. Empty.
“Oh, don’t go all smart on me. You know what I mean.” John took a sip of his tea. “And to use up all our disinfectant supplies. Where do you think we’ll get new ones from? They're all out!
“If you wouldn’t interrupt me, John.” Sherlock now looked at him sternly. “First I tried the lemon method…”
Sherlock looked back as softly as John had ever seen him. Something like wonder in his eyes as well.
Ultimately, who was he to judge at which point those feelings slithered from friendship into deeper waters? He had never been friends with one of his previous lovers. John shivered, his heartbeat speeding up a notch. Previous... “Previous” suggests that he currently had a lover.… or a going-to-be lover…
This was a calculated reaction though and John already enjoyed the anticipation of the giddy feeling when the message would sink in.
He remembered the first time he had been there, that had been confusing, too. Quite confusing! So it was the proper place to be right now. Every time he needed to get something out of his system actually. Of course he had his boltholes, but this was different. He had made use of it fairly often after his return, which showed him how much things were not alright.
For a moment John just beamed at his ceiling, and revelled in the knowledge that somewhere in England there was a man just as blissed out as him… because of him.
Mycroft turned again towards John, much more serious but more amicably than ever before. "John." He nodded as a short greeting and left.
watch you seducing the entire audience." He tightened his embrace and sniffed the mob of hair tickling his nose—and huffed. "Let's get all this… stuff out of your hair, love."
"I am, am I not?" John answered through lips pulled as tight as possible into a grin which squeezed his cheeks to the point of hurting.
Miss Pirate shortly nodded to her, raised a hand to indicate that she'd be there in a moment and turned to look at John again.
that Sherlock had finally decided to trust John's words that he wouldn't be appalled by who he was. He really didn't need a reminder. But as soon as he had seen the mischievous twinkle in John's eyes he had known John was back to being John H. Watson, Captain Tease, Dr. Banter.
Suddenly, Sherlock's glances and gazes during that lap dance fell into place. They hadn't been meant to drive John away but to keep him close. John felt a bit sick at the thought of how thoroughly he had misjudged the situation. He was lost for words.
So when he had screamed at Sherlock earlier this day: “Sherlock, you can’t fucking shut me out of everything! You can’t do that to me! God damn it, you promised. Do you remember? What am I to you? A piece of furniture? You promised you’d never leave me behind! Never again! For fucks sake Sherlock, doesn’t all this mean anything to you anymore? Our friendship? Trust? Just tell me if I’m in the way! If I have to leave! I won’t stand in your way! Is that it? Is that why you wanted me to stay with Mary? Shit…. Sherlock… is that why you jumped? To get rid of me? Huh?”
Nonetheless pictures surfaced of John setting the kettle, shouting down the hallway if Sherlock fancied a cup of tea, not realising that Sherlock already stood leaning against the refrigerator, smiling bemused.
"I am aware that 'being me' is one of the reasons you distanced yourself from me. No need to call in the middle of the night to tell me."
He tried not to think too hard about Mary, about what she had meant… As long as she was out there, Sherlock was still in danger. That was not an option. John wouldn’t allow it. Maybe Mycroft’s meddling would come in handy for once. He owed him and Sherlock for the mess he caused by losing sight of Sherlock in Serbia. Fucking hell, Mycroft never lost sight of anything, let alone Sherlock! Except when he was most needed….
"How did you tame her? Your… Pirate," he huffed, never ceasing his irritant pacing. "She never bowed to anyone."
Had he misheard? Scott didn’t offer any clarification though, so John was left wondering. He felt heat rise to his cheeks. Eager for a pat on the head like a puppy, Watson? Get a grip! He shook his head to clear it from the overblown sentiment, or else this could seriously go downhill for him. He needed to focus. Stairs. Right. He had been climbing stairs.
was. John closed his eyes, took some steadying breath, only marginally noticing the occasional guy leaving for the toilets. Probably excusing themselves with the last beer making demands when actually a completely different reason was much more likely. John wouldn’t have minded some… uhm… relief himself, but he couldn’t risk leaving Miss Pirate out of his sight; which reminded him that it would probably be wise to open his eyes for that.
While John was still hastily and randomly pulling open cupboard doors and drawers, the screen of his phone lit up and the ping of an incoming message stopped John in his frantic search. Frowning he lifted his phone and unlocked the screen to see who had texted him. He read the first message that came into view and his frown deepened even more. It was from Sherlock and it said: “Finally. SH". John stared at the phone in his hand, as if it would start to explain, but it remained uncooperative.
The pile was on the wrong end of the sofa. At the back end near the little bookshelf, near the goddamn stereo, near the windows.
“Sherlock,” John gently admonished him, walking over to put their plates on the table. He had found some sausages in their fridge that miraculously hadn't passed their expiration date yet and had settled on beans and sausage and toast, which was only fit for human consumption because it was browned and soaked in butter. “Come on, indulge me. Go on. Impress a boy.” He leaned over and pressed a short and soft kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. John saw him glancing sidewards at him, before he inhaled deeply and started to rattle off the information he had gathered through Lestrade's mail.
John typed the two words into the search bar and was immediately rewarded with an unmissable link to a music vid including lyrics and all.
"Leave it, Sherlock. Just… leave it, okay?!" John paused and Sherlock waited a moment if he would continue. Just the moment he took a breath to answer, John started speaking again. Quiet. Flat. Like ironed cotton, Sherlock thought. Like bland beige ironed cotton. Like one of John's tedious jumpers which didn't suit him.
He didn't get an answer. His hopes were faltering. Maybe he had got it all wrong. But this song. The song! Sherlock had chosen it deliberately. This wasn't random or just a personal preference. This was meant to be a message. Something that he hadn't been able to express in his own words. Nothing to misunderstand there. Hopefully. Why didn't Sherlock answer his texts then?
Reassured now, that whatever the problem was didn't threaten what they had, he felt the tension ebb away and release itself in bubbling up laughter.
Internally John chuckled. As if that was even necessary. This creature had wrapped him around his little finger already. So he only answered vaguely: “Mmm, yes.”
He felt the heat of the tender skin of these plush lips against his own small ones and he had no time to make conscious decisions before he gasped at the feeling of that wet tongue he had dreamed of, flicking and sliding against his lips.
Miss Pirate for one night—how much? Was she also available for regular escort? Would he take other girls, too? Only dancers? Did he do individual girls only? Or did he have an establishment? Or more than one? What were his conditions? Did he engage in other business? Drugs? Guns? Fraud? Was he interested? Where did he get
He sped up his pace. They had agreed to meet at the Espresso bar for a coffee to go and then afterwards just stroll through the park. He heard the gravel scrunch beneath his feet. Smiling he wondered what Sherlock would be able to deduce from this specific sound. Probably which road he had taken and how long he had already been walking. Which was hours. He hadn’t been able to stay at Greg’s and wait. But he had nowhere else to go to. So he had walked the streets and let his thoughts roam free. Not that it had had any useful effect whatsoever.
“As for our own risk…” Sherlock continued, hesitantly, “I just... have to, John.” he whispered, looking pleadingly into John’s eyes. “It’s important to me. It’s… personal.” He swallowed and looked away. “However, I would fully understand if you’d refrain from taking part in this case. I would be able to somehow manage to…”
"Sherlock, what… God, I'm not…" John panted but wasn't given the time to collect words or thoughts or any composure.
"No, I'd rather do that on my own. Wrong order anyway, have to be careful with the dress not to run it with the powder and stuff…" he wrinkled his nose. "I'll just have to put on the gown, I guess."
"Right," the other man said after a short moment in which he scrutinised John until he felt stripped naked. He only hoped he had passed the test. "Any other chicks I have to keep my hands off?" the man asked all business but not without an undertone conveying his hostility.
“I like purple on you.” he said pleased, very intrigued at the mental image of a tight purple shirt peeled off of a body with ‘minimal fatty tissue’ and ‘skin on the pale side’.
At first, Sherlock didn’t react when John approached him cautiously, just kept hungrily smoking his cigarette and blowing the smoke into the night air through his pursed lips—damn, why was this so fucking sexy?—and was running shaking fingers through his tousled hair—didn’t make it any better sexy-wise.
“Oh, is that so?” he said cooley. He saw Sherlock squirming, trying to muster up the courage to go on.
The Stockholm Syndrome is a severe psychological condition in which mostly people who are held hostage, but also people who are abused or traumatised in other ways, develop positive feelings towards their captors/abusers. Those feelings can range from mere acceptance to romantic or even sexual attraction. (for more information see links)
"I prefer the silhouette and the fit of the women's corsets over the ones for men. Much more aesthetic." He nodded to himself. "Something remotely shaped as secondary female sexual characteristics is required."
was one hell of a way to thank someone for a fantastic lap dance one hadn’t even any right to receive… But that was really not the point right now. The actual point was… What The Fuck!!
"Move your hand now, John.” Scott then suddenly instructed and John was all too happy to comply. "Firmly, slowly. The way you'd like me to suck you." How the hell would he know about the way John liked his blowjobs? Nevermind… even if he was a sorcerer, John couldn’t care less at this moment. This was far too good to think about anything else. John sighed, floating on endorphins. God, he needed more! But could this also please last forever?
"What exactly? Pretending? Role-playing?" he sounded sincerely hesitant. Cautiously he added, "But… John, it's part of our work. You know that I have to. A certain amount of disguise is inevitable for some cases. Sure, we could try to choose more carefully and try to…" he worriedly gnawed on his lower lip while seriously contemplating, but John stopped him—freeing his lip and pressing a gentle kiss on his mouth.
And with it the room around him changed shape, shelves full of memories appeared, paper snippets floating through the air.
"Not what your naughty mind comes up with, mate!" Greg still half laughed. "Sweet Molly here is determined to get some healthy food into me. Keeps telling me off for my eating habits at the Yard. She whitters on about why I don't own the donut place on the corner yet. Dunno why?" Greg said, now full on laughing again.
He started running. Immediately out of breath. Running from this place. Running from himself. Running, running to an unknown destination. No. Please, no.
"Well then. Have it your way." He said. "I expect you to attend dinner at 8pm, get a grip on yourself until then." He turned and left Sherlock to himself again.
“We lost him.” he admitted defeated. “We turned every stone, searched everything, John. Every little corner of London. We know the location of every rat…,” he tried to defend. But looking back at John his words died down.
He pressed play and immediately paused it again. He took John’s hand and gently opened his clenched fist. John hadn’t even realised how his body had reacted to the distress of hearing Sherlock so nonchalantly talking about the horrid time away that had almost broken both of them. Sherlock carefully laid his phone in John’s hand, closed John’s fingers around it and swallowed.
“Sherlock. I can’t stand this either.” John started, but of course Sherlock couldn’t wait for him to finish.
“Wahoohooo…” another of them cheered. “Jezus… that chick… right Watson? What would I give to get my hands under that skirt!” he added, illustrating his intentions with the fitting suggesting moves of his pelvis.
"You were supposed to trust me," Sherlock said calmly, taking John's hands in his. He looked down at their threaded fingers, brushing his thumb over John's knuckles. "You were supposed to know that I'd never do that to you, John Watson!" he said quietly, not meeting John's eyes. He sounded small and hurt, but also a bit embarrassed and ...insecure?
John snarled and wanted to put the scum of a man in his place when suddenly the club burst into action. From all sides policemen, armed and masked, stormed the establishment and stood their ground against Moriarty’s henchmen. Moriarty, sensing his opportunity, snatched himself from John’s grip and made for the small exit behind the bar. John however, by now used to hunt down criminals of all sorts at Sherlock’s side, looked right through Moriarty’s plan and ran after him. He caught a glance of Sherlock elbowing Moran in the stomach and bringing him down with one of his pole-dance-leg-sling-moves. It was a pity really he had no time to marvel at this beauty of a technique because he had his own bolter to catch.
So, of course, he went to the bar and took a quick look around their menu, and the food exposed behind the counter. Squishy sandwiches, greasy burgers… his stomach turmoiled. Not really what he had hoped for… He looked up at the waiter and placed his order a bit hesitantly: “It’s the sausage for me. With bread please.” He turned around to not lose sight of Sherlock while he waited for his order to be prepared.
He turned the disc in his hands, the edge on the side which had hit the wall splintered, a long crack tracking over the backside.
“I think you can relate, can’t you?” Greg winked. John pulled a face in confirmation, no words needed. And suddenly, the elephant in the room was back and the mood shifted. Thoughts once again drifting, pulled inevitably to his pole of attraction, his sun around which he was orbiting without escape.
John desperately hoped that Greg had reached the state of alcohol induced amnesia much earlier than he himself had. If not, John had to let Sherlock know that due to personal circumstances he’d unfortunately had to stop working Yard-ish cases with him, because… how was he supposed to look Greg in the eye ever again? Let alone in Sherlock’s company? That said… thought… whatever… how was he supposed to look
Was he supposed to respond to it? What could he possibly say without making a complete fool of himself. He'd need a John Watson at his side to hint an acceptable reaction, to silently mouth him the rescuing words. Unfortunately, that wasn't exactly an option right now.
“Nice,” he commented. “But to be honest, I don’t really care now that I think about it...” he teased, strongly suspecting that Scott very much did care. He was proven right by the slightly confused but also irritated sound Scott made. “Because they’re annoying me.” John growled, intent to keep teasing the man, trying to imagine Scott’s reaction. Why was it turning him on so much to test Scott’s boundaries? It was like a challenge, to reduce Mr. Extraordinary to a mere mortal being. Oh, there were so many boundaries he’d like to test… “You know why?” he snarled, continuing the game. A questioning grunt prompted him to go on. So he lowered his voice, brought the speaker closer to his mouth, and said slowly, “Because they are In. My. Way.” John was satisfied by the clearly audible, shakily drawn breath it elicited. “Off they go then. And be quick!” he demanded.
“Oh, you have no idea…” Scott sighed and growled in a rush of breath, “The things I encounter… you can’t imagine!!! I’ve never longed that much to commit homicide myself! And I assure you, I already had to deal with a lot of idiots in my past! I do have the required knowledge to not leave any evidence behind, of course…”
John still didn’t know what Sherlock was thinking. His message could mean everything. But it was a sign, a sign that Sherlock was finally willing to talk. That much must have been clear after yesterday. No hiding, no assuming, no holding back anymore. Sherlock knew now without any possibility to misinterpret what John was feeling for him. They had to address it today. In some way. Sherlock had to react, to make a statement. Because there were really only two options, right? ‘
John felt sheer dread rise and freeze his insides. Greg. He heard a far away echo of Greg’s voice in his head.
He slammed the laptop shut with much more force than needed, janked the disc out of the device and threw it, in childish panic, across the room in the direction of his bags. With a satisfying bang it hit the wall and bounced off, flipped and tumbled to vanish somewhere behind his bag.
This supported his theory even further. Wasn't it exactly 'saving lives' that was connected to John's most traumatic experience? Afghanistan, being shot while trying to do just that — saving lives! Maybe something had triggered those memories? Sherlock tried to recall the most recent cases they'd solved together. Had there been any similarities to John's past? Hints of a problem? There hadn't been that many cases in the first place and all of them were absolutely unspectacular. That was the whole point of the cases he took John to, wasn't it? More so, none of them had even been remotely military-themed. Pity though.
Staring in disgust at his big brother Sherlock took a seat across from him at the other side of the table, flipping his coat dramatically while doing so.
"First of all it's 'friend with benefits' what they call it these days, if that's what you mean at least," John hissed back and heard an adorably grumpily mumbled 'ridiculous term' in the background, which almost broke his temper again. Only almost though, that's why he went on with his rant. John was glad he had just left the bus. He took a deep breath of London air and set out to leave the last few metres to his flat behind him. "And second," he continued while walking, "if I remember correctly it's you who meant to tell me about my not so urgent sex drive and rubbed in that I'm all alone, yeah? So why would I suddenly have a friend with benefits, huh?"
Sherlock's heart hammered in his chest, threatening to break free. He felt exposed, naked, defenseless. Waiting for the attack, waiting to be sentenced.
He didn’t even know why this was different, but the moment John had reached for his hand the whole gravity of the situation seemed to crash down on him. This was ‘The Moment’. Talking was imminent. The course of everything important in his life would be set within the next hour. Hours? How long would it take them to bring light into the darkness of years?
“Help yourself.” John said while setting one of the cups in front of Mycroft. “I’m not going to be mother for you.” He added and, as he had hoped, Mycroft picked up on the reminder of Sherlock’s and his visit to Buckingham palace.
Fumbling with his phone John hopped back into the still waiting black Sedan, already searching his address register for the needed number. “Do I have to wait for Mister Holmes to accompany you, Doctor Watson?” the driver asked carefully, probably seeing the answer plainly written on John’s face. That’s why he didn’t wait for the answer before pulling away and taking direction to Baker Street.
"Alright, love, relax." John said soothingly, shedding his captain's character. "You got this. We'll get this done now, yeah? And afterwards, we'll make you pretty and spend a nice evening at a shady night club solving a saucy murder, yeah? Sound good?"
“And then?” Sherlock snarled. “It wouldn’t have made any difference. What would it have been to you anyway? With all your… display of … manliness. All your… rugby… and pub nights and… mates.” He spat out like poison. “The dancing fairy? Just one more to add to the list of the freak’s oddities.” Sherlock turned, his back towards John, keeping his hands busy with the buttons of his shirt.
Sherlock, buried his face in John's neck, only hummed affirmatively, apparently not able to speak yet. He released John's hair, circled John's shoulders instead, awkwardly wriggling his arms through the non-existent space between body and backrest.
"Ah, I see, you're taken. I'm not surprised…" The guy nodded shortly but friendly, turned and continued his way.
As Sherlock didn't give any impression of being interested in the phone whatsoever, John took it on himself to unlock the phone and check the messages. While he was fumbling with the phone, Sherlock resumed the neck kissing and nibbling, which didn't make John's progress any quicker. At last he succeeded and opened the latest incoming messages.
He sat there for a while, not moving, thoughts whirling in his head. When he calmed down a bit, he sat up straight and took a deep breath. Running his fingers through is hair, he sighed deeply.
“How does one do this? How to… start, you know?” Had he, John “Three Continents” Watson, honestly just asked that question?
"When should I have? And how?" Sherlock hissed, hurt, eyes narrowed to slits. "Should I just have walked up to you, sitting cosily on the sofa together and tell you ‘John, by the way, let me show you where I go, to
This left him with the glorious view of the ringlets peeking out from under the hat ending in that endearing nape curl he loved to run his fingertips over when he was kissing Sherlock. His gaze was drawn to the sharp contrast of black lace covering pale skin where the long irresistible-to-kiss neck merged into the finely muscled planes of the upper back. The slender arms held up over the head stretched the lean torso and it appeared even more slim and trim, accentuated by the lace crisscrossing down the back, holding together the delicate purple corset, forcefully tightened by his own hands earlier this evening. John’s mind helpfully—or not so helpfully—added the memory of how he had run his hands along Sherlock’s sides, warmed by Sherlock’s body heat, his breath pushing gently against his hands in a slow rhythm. The tingling of the soft velvet on his palms interrupted by the slightly scratchy sensations of silvery embroidery and black lace, which looked now, in the light of the stage, even more glamorous than back in their bedroom.
John closed his eyes. The touch felt personal, intrinsic, intimately physical; but also alien, as if it was him and not him at the same time. A bit like an out of body experience. Or like the presence of a ghost. John shivered at the thought. The feeling of icy water trickling down his spine turned into molten fire the moment he remembered the fleeting but electrifying brush of fingers on the bench. The tingling of his lips, still caressed by his hand, got hold of his whole body the moment he realised it was the same hand that had been holding the phone, on the brink of looking for the song. The same one that had been clasped in Sherlock's bigger one, warm one. That had been held, that had been caressed by Sherlock's thumb, secretly, cautiously.
"Okay, whatever, Mr Genius… we have nowhere to be anyway..." John murmured, already muffled into Sherlock's mouth with his lips chasing just another kiss, which Sherlock willingly offered. They cherished the slow sensuous slide of lips against lips, tongues unhurriedly caressing each other; exchanging all the comfort they had craved the evening before.
John stared at him. Not knowing how to react, he felt all the anger and the tension of the past few days boil up in him, and if he was honest with himself there was no small amount of fear mingling with it.
Before he could change his mind he quickly punched in option #2 and waited nervously until the line was picked up not much later — and was completely taken aback.
In a whirl of limbs and dressing gown and flying cushions Sherlock leaped from the sofa to rush to the window, knocking over everything on the couch table over which he was jumping.
Sherlock couldn't ask John though. John had persistently denied to tell Sherlock. First ask him and then dismiss it. Very much like the letter. Addressed at him but not meant for him. What had John to hide? How would Sherlock ever get to know? For a short moment he took into consideration if John had lost someone at the surgery, if he had tried to save a life and had failed. But that didn’t seem very John-like. He had always known the boundaries of his profession and as he had assured Sherlock there was nothing wrong with his skills as a doctor. So, it couldn’t be. There was something else though... John had been drinking. Probably that had been the only reason why he had called Sherlock anyway. Why would he have called otherwise, when he, on the other hand, was hiding from Sherlock wherever he was now. This must have had a reason John wouldn’t act on in a sober state. This was
A flash of a memory crossed Sherlock's thoughts. John, exhausted, the lab at Bart's, his head resting on the table, snoring slightly. And Sherlock himself, fidgeting with the squash ball in his hand, already planning how to use it later that day. He had been watching John in his sleep, the whole night, his heart already aching with his loss to come.  There had been no other way. He had been convinced. And even now he didn't know if he could have done anything different. If that would have changed anything about their current messed up situation.
"Obviously." John answered flatly, even though it hadn't even been a question. He was aware of the sarcastic undertone caused by the exhaustion of mind and soul, but Greg didn't seem to bother.
He muttered under his breath, looking down. After a short while, he stood, walked over to where the camera was set up. For a moment, Sherlock could only see the buttons on John's crumpled checkered shirt covering his stomach, before John crouched down and Sherlock came face to face with a close up of John's face, his eyes intense.
"John Watson… you're the devil incarnate!" Sherlock hissed through gritted teeth, opening his eyes, glaring at John. "Satan, Beelzebub, Lucifer, Mephistopheles… all of them!"
John tried to make them stop again, but Sherlock didn’t let him. He needed to move, to head towards a destination. He’d get lost otherwise. He already was, London had rushed past him, he had already lost track. Looking around he didn’t recognise their location, which was ridiculous considering they had to be somewhere close to Buckingham Palace now. Past it already? Wasn’t there supposed to be a park? It was as if they weren’t even in London any more. Were they still on the right way to get home? John seemed to be sure though. He confidently headed towards somewhere and Sherlock had no choice than to follow.
“You’re beautiful when you dance, you know?! I’ll never tire of watching you.” John loosened his pinky clamp to take Sherlock’s hand properly, to thread their fingers and brush his thumb over Sherlock’s inner wrist. He looked back out of his window, as if to avoid Sherlock’s eyes. “No matter where or what... dancing, playing your violin, behind your microscope, at a crime scene
John thought. Of course, Sherlock was a master of disguise. But then, that had always been an act. A play. A game. This though… this was real. This was honest. This was him. The real Sherlock.
Eventually they got out of the tub, chilly and all pruned. They toweled quickly and climbed into bed. Not long before they dozed off, cuddled against each other, murmured terms of love and endearment bouncing back and forth between them. John hugged Sherlock tight, held him in his arms, being the big spoon.
"So… drag name, right…" he still silently chuckled. Such a nutter, his boyfriend! Such an amazingly lovely lunatic.
"Of course. Nothing Sherlock has to offer can shock me anymore." Greg smiled reassuringly at John who had finally raised his eyes.
Reveling in the scent surrounding him, he steepled his fingers underneath his chin in the attempt to make sense of any of it. In the hope that his now nurtured brain would be of any use at all he started ascending to his mind palace.
A little whitish roll lying under the sofa caught his eye. He frowned, leaned forward and crawled over until he could reach under the sofa to fish out the little object. His back and shoulders ached when he stretched his arm to reach it. Poking at it with his fingertips he rolled it slowly forward and grabbed it as soon as it was within reach.
“... your hand on your...cock? Is that better?” It sounded like an honest question. John hummed affirmatively. Really, this man, one of a kind...
"Did I embarrass you? I didn't want to embarrass you, Sherlock! I wanted to show off my pretty boyfriend and let them know I love you and…"
He let out a stuttering breath when she, as if reading his thoughts, closed the distance to the pole and pointed her tongue. Still holding John's gaze she ran it along the shiny metal of the pole, little flicks and long stripes up and down.
“Well...not really. But thanks for asking!” John replied tentatively, not knowing what to do, his bladder persistently asking for attention.
“Very much so…” Scott’s voice had taken on a rougher edge again. So easily affected… what a joy it must be to witness that in the flesh. Quite literally! “You’d find them covered in hair, although sparse, lighter than the hair on my head…”
He went by public transport, even if the way home took him much longer like this, because he was sure that no cab would take him in this state. It wasn’t as bad as back then after harpooning a pig, but still.
Hearing those words, the promise of everything that was to come, made a jolt of desire pulse through Sherlock's system, clouding his mind.
Somehow this particular day was even longer than all the previous ones since his return from Afghanistan.
But he couldn’t, could he? Sherlock had said that this was what he couldn’t express himself. That he needed John to understand it. But he didn’t! A wave of helplessness and frustration threatened to sweep him away. However, he had to do this. For Sherlock. For them. He had to try.
Still self-confident as fuck, but mixed with something like… contentment? Relief? Where did that come from? And why? Seriously, how many layers did this man have? He was like a fucking onion!!! John wouldn't mind peeling each layer off one after the other though… Smirking to himself like a moron he suddenly realised… since he had 'met' Scott, he indeed hadn't spent much thought on using his gun. At least not in the way he used to.
Not trusting his own senses, John hesitantly turned to take another glance around the corner. All the air in his lungs left him at once. There he still was. Even if not in plain sight, the dark curls, the familiar stretch of the back underneath a white shirt, bespoke trousers clinging to that arse, stretching over thighs in this crouching position… it was unmistakably Sherlock.
"Oh God, sorry!" the precious air came forcefully rushing out of his lungs again. "Yeah, yeah… I… think so. You?"
"Told you, that's how I am. What I do. Keep doing." He tried to keep his mood under control. Now they were finally making progress.
"I saw your confusion last night. It wasn't the time to explain then. I assumed you'd ask if you want to know." Sherlock scanned John's face, his eyes roaming John's features. John waited for Sherlock to go on, the silence stretched. When John was about to interrogate further, Sherlock started speaking again.
He walked his way home. And he was aware of. Every. Single. Step. Right this moment he couldn't find it as annoying as usual, it even helped him centre himself. It helped him to keep walking, it helped him to keep breathing, it helped him to keep living. He forced himself to inhale, exhale, to find a rhythm. It seemed as though his body lost any ability and any urge to do this of its own accord. So he went on to inhale... step... step... exhale... step... step... inhale... step... step... exhale... step... step... John… step... step... John... step... step… no. No. Stop. He started all over again and concentrated with even more force on his breathing.
familiar dark rumbling laughter emerged from behind it, mixed with giggles in high pitched voices. Unmistakably Miss Pirate, apparently in the company of fellow dancers; talking and laughing as if nothing out of the ordinary had just happened.
…,” John now outright screamed at Sherlock, both hands in fists. He turned, growled, huffed, turned back, and snarled, “You. Used. The. Hand. Sanitiser?”
During the day they were their bickering and teasing and arguing and love-making selves and John couldn’t imagine
heart attack. But serves you right to get a fright over it!" She had torn open a package of Hobnobs and nothing but dumped them on a small plate. She had brought the plate over to where Sherlock was sitting and had plonked it on the table. Hands stemmed angrily on her hips she had stood in front of Sherlock, far too close, and had looked down at him. Sherlock had felt the actual urge to stoop and retreat. The usually tiny fragile woman had turned into a dragon. She was fire. She was death.
“I think I know how. I have an idea."  John felt hope bubble up. He held Sherlock’s face still, waited until he opened his eyes and looked at him again. “Do you trust me, Sherlock?” he asked.
He tried to shield his feelings and hoped they wouldn't show on his face, but the moment Sherlock locked eyes with him he felt as bare and vulnerable as never before. Sherlock's gaze piercing his inner core. In that short moment, a train of emotions crossed Sherlock's face John wasn't able to unravel.
"And Sexy Silverfox…," Sherlock cherished every syllable. "No bias at all there, huh?" he grinned and threw John a glance out of the corner of his eye.
Shaking his head to get rid of the disturbing thoughts he became aware that Sherlock had already begun to fasten his suspender belt. The sight caused completely different feelings to coil in his stomach. The moment Sherlock was about to get busy with the stockings, John quickly snatched them from the bed and held them out of Sherlock's reach.
“Didn’t know there was a recording of our first crime scene.” The corners of his mouth pulled up, his shoulders slightly shaking with suppressed laughter.
Suddenly some events and observations fell in place for John and he scowled internally. Some of Sherlock’s formerly seemingly inconvenient reactions became suddenly more than understandable. He put a hopefully comforting hand on Sherlock’s knee and was relieved and pleased when Sherlock’s hand joined his. The purple coloured nails though, led his thoughts off track, reminding him of places they had been… He was pulled from his pretty pleasant memories when Sherlock picked up his explanation again.
He pulled out the bag, where he kept spare clothes. A suit wasn’t made for this after all, it would constrain him and restrict his movements. He also wouldn’t like his dress shirt to get all sweaty and dusty. He didn’t like all sloppy and saggy sweatpants which would wrap around his legs either, that was distracting. So he changed into more comfortable and stretchy but still very snug fit white footless dancing tights which he had unearthed from his pool of disguises. He had always hoped for the right case to come along to make use of them. They were his own though. Well used from long ago classes. He was glad he had kept them. He completed his change of clothes by pulling over a loose and worn out long-sleeved shirt. Not his usual style, but perfect for this purpose. It would leave him all the room he needed and all boundaries would disappear. Just him, his body and the emptiness around him. Then he fished out a portable, but very effective Bluetooth speaker, especially purchased for this sole purpose. The best of course; best sound, best range, best volume - it was quite the space he had to fill with music after all.
