"No, it's fine. It's fine. I just—they died when I was fourteen."
He’d put an end to it, though, said no the next time Soren called, and ignored all his phone calls and texts until they’d stopped. The last one had been six weeks ago. He’d moped and sulked and been particularly rude to Donovan at a crime scene until Greg had taken him aside and lectured him about not treating people like shit if he wanted them not to think he was an arrogant arsehole, even if he actually
To the left is a green baize topped table upon which is spread an unfinished puzzle. Everyone but Mycroft and Will are working on it. It's a pool table, John realizes, clearly only temporarily co-opted as a surface for putting puzzles together because the wall behind it holds a rack for cues. On the right, a short marble bar with a wine refrigerator sits in the corner and next to it are double French doors that open onto another room, an atrium of sorts it seems. John glimpses glossy dark green leaves sprouting from smooth green brown trunks so slim they're almost delicate.
describe the ring to you because it was PERFECT for John because he is a doctor. It's a
John groaned. "God, Sherlock, I just need to
" John shouted. He turned around, breathing fast through his nose. Sherlock saw the minute he forced himself to relax. He fished the tea bag out of his now over-steeped tea. "I was terrified," John said in a much quieter voice. "When you're on a case, you have no sense of self-preservation. Or even basic common sense!"
"I'm fine, John!" Sherlock yelled hoarsely, trying to grasp the shower curtain to shield himself and stand up at the same time. "Get out!"
bedrooms!" Sherlock says and grabs John's bag, holding it up with a triumphant grin.
"And then you shot me down!"
I scowled. "No. Maybe."
"Did you just compare me to a fairy tale princess?" John asks, quirking an eyebrow.
"Gimme a few seconds," Andrew said—still a whisper. John began counting in his head, and when he reached fifteen, Andrew nodded.
The obvious love in his voice is a direct contradiction to his words. John feels guilty for ever thinking that Sherlock was cold or unfeeling. After all, Sherlock is warm to John and always has been, even when they first met.
weren't my area!" I said in frustration.
he could pull himself together for the length of the visit,
, though, I can't let go.
look he uses all the time around Sherlock.
"John? It's Sherrinford. Come out to the sitting room and talk to me. I'm not taking no for an answer. I'll be waiting."
myself, if you were there on Saturday."
Next chapter will be posted July 26th.
"Okay, okay, we've had our fun," Will says, making sitting motions with both hands. "Let them be, now, let them be."
Armed police units had been deployed to the derelict neighborhood where the kidnapper had holed up, but Sherlock knew the minute the police surrounded the row of flats where the boy and his sister were, the child would be taken hostage and negotiations could take hours. It was unlikely her brother had taken adequate care of the girl. She might be dehydrated or injured. Sherlock didn't see the point of wasting time with all that when he could just sneak in and grab her.
John raises a skeptical eyebrow.
Throughout his time at Cambridge, Sherlock thought they were joking. As the dissolute younger brother, the thought of entrusting him with a wife much less a
"Interesting," he says, but it's only when I hand over the bowl of dark molasses soaked sugar for topping the sweet potato that he really appreciates the taste.
he said, as he reached into the box and pulled out two hanks of rope, one in each hand, then tossed them on the floor. "And
engagement ring. An
surprise him on Christmas Eve. I said Of course John I would NEVER tell a
"You're a doctor—you feel compelled to help people," Sherlock murmured, picking at the cuticle of his left thumbnail, causing it to bleed. John smacked his right hand and snapped, "Stop that." Sherlock looked up at him in shock. John smirked and then said, "Yeah, I feel compelled to help people, but look Sherlock. You are not
"Looks like it might rain," Will says as all seven of them crunch along the driveway and out to the road that leads into the village.
in her cunt. I could smell it all over you." John's words were angry, but his voice was only sad. "Were you—have you been fucking her all along?"
"I don't mind at all," John says.
"Of course you are."
, when I hadn't even realized, after almost a year, that Geoff was in love with me?
So...I suppose this story is my tribute to Pippin who I've apparently been writing about in the guise of Toby! (This is actually a terrible picture of Pippin, because it was taken with my old tablet, but he'll always be my handsome boy, terrible photo or not.)
John came to stand in front of me. And then, holding my eyes, he knelt.
of ideas for how this evening will go, aren't you?" John asked, his fingers nimbly working the buttons of Sherlock's shirt. He trailed wet, open-mouthed kisses along Sherlock's collarbone and Sherlock couldn't help the breathy
"Someone's eager to see you," John said, and Sherlock looked around at him sharply.
"Oh my God, I'm so glad you're here! Well, c'mon! Don't just sit there with your mouth hanging open! I'm Eurus by the way," she says and grabs John by the arm.
"You're in love with me," Sherlock says flatly, looking dubious.
"Get on your hands and knees because I plan to lick and suck at that tight hole I just spent so long cleaning out," he says, moving towards me.
, I suppose. My family, at least. I, on the other hand, am a poor bachelor."
"Lestrade?" John asked, making a face that Sherlock couldn't read. "I've heard of him, but we've never really met."
, you bloody sanctimonious secretive bastard! A conversation between
will aye come back
His mouth opens against mine and he moves his lips slow, languid, sweet. Then alarm spreads through me, and the desperation comes roaring back. I let out a noise, a moan, a whimper and Sherlock pulls back. He stands up and looks at me, head cocked like he's confused about my reaction. He steps back, offers me a tangled smile and whispers, "Good night, John."
"Have
. Together here at Baker Street or apart an entire world away, he will always be my home, and I his.
Sherrinford leans towards John as though she's going to whisper something in his ear, but Sherlock grips John's bicep and snatches him away from her. "What are you telling him?" he asks her with narrowed eyes.
I stand at the window and watch as he climbs into the cab of Georgie's truck. And then, just like that, he's gone.
"Oh, for God's sake, John, I think we can dispense with taking turns."
John's eyes were moist with tears, but he didn't seem distressed. At least, if he was distressed, it was only the result of extreme, unrelieved arousal.
"I love you," I say into the sudden hush. John's eyes are so soft, so full of light. He hums in agreement, sketching a line with his thumb down my face and jaw. "Me, too," he says simply, because John knows how to focus his light, how to distill the truth. In his eyes, I see wonder and desire and love.
John shouldn't have been surprised, then, to get a knock on his door on a Saturday morning in early June, and opened it to find—huh. Okay, that
John swallows hard and stares at the floor, then surprises himself by saying, "I can't say that you've got it right where Sherlock's feelings are concerned. As for myself, yes—yes,
Seven months after leaving the doctor's care, Sherlock tried to kill himself by slitting the veins on the insides of his elbows. He'd done his right elbow first since his left hand was his non-dominant one, and he knew the knife would be slippery with blood after the first cut, so he saved the second for his dominant one. He wanted to make a proper job of it. He was sitting against a tree at the back of the estate property, utterly destroyed by the mundanity and pointlessness of life. When he looked ahead and realized he had to get through another
Mycroft asks Sherlock, "I take it you two kissed and made up?" with a smarmy smile.
John's breath catches in his throat and his heart stops before lunging into a battering fist. "Uh," he mumbles, face burning. "Wow, that's—you really—wow. Getting down to brass tacks, eh?" John laughs nervously and pushes a hand through his hair. Right now he's picturing being the receptive partner in anal sex with
"Um," John says.
"Did it sting?"
. Oh my
"There's my gorgeous girl," he said, and scooped her up into his arms. He almost couldn't lift her anymore. He gave her a good squeeze, and she buried her cold nose into his neck making him cry out.
OCCASION!! (Also I told Dad he was a terrible snoop
She laughs delightedly and gives him a quick squeeze from behind. "Because of this picture, Sherlock made me promise not to give this to you if things between you two hadn't worked out by Christmas."
Remember that "heavy angst" and the "grief/mourning" tags? We're going to be in the thick of it for this chapter and the two following it. If you're really not up for the pain, I would suggest waiting until chapter 7 is posted to pick up the story again.
A kiss that opened a door, but didn't yet promise more.
—I feel it in my gut, you understand? Your John loves you."
"Mrs. Hudson will have something to say about that," John murmurs, tilting his head at the door.
Immediately Sherlock turned to John. He was beginning to cry—John had never seen Sherlock cry. He looked achingly young, even child-like as his chin dimpled and his full lips pursed and pouted, those lips that were blushed with blood from kissing
between them. Their future, Sherlock hoped.
it's a
To which I replied:
secret
We rock together in a way that has nothing to do with sex. This is love and loss in one fell swoop, and I know we both feel it.
or didn't, regardless of which side of the slash you thought you fell on. John swallowed showily, and then pulled his lips in over his teeth. His head started bobbing up and down. "Yeah, all right," he said, almost to himself. "Okay."
, Sherlock had explained to him the night before.)
Sherlock he'd been cleared as the suspect, because he knew Sherlock would demand to be released and Lestrade thought he had too much potential just to turn out onto the street. He made a deal with Sherlock—if he got sober, Lestrade would see about getting permission to use Sherlock as a consultant.
"Yeah, all right," John says, grateful for the rescue even as he's terrified of what his face may reveal to Sherlock.
It's dark out, and the curtains are open, reflecting the room behind me as I play the violin. The door downstairs opens, and John's footsteps thud on the stairs as he jogs up. He's had a good day, then. I don't pause in my playing when he comes bursting into the room.
Before I met Sherlock Holmes, I liked being a sheep farmer. I liked the way life ebbed and flowed with the seasons on my farm, the predictability of the yearly cycle—the shearing in early spring, then the spring lambing, the butchering in humid summer, and the second season lambing in early fall. I had a small tribe of sorts composed of my regular and seasonal workers as well as the neighboring farming family, the Darrows. If I wanted company, I could find it, even if finding someone to share my bed was nearly impossible. This cycle had carried me through four years of my life and who knows how long it would've continued to carry me if I'd never met Sherlock Holmes?
After we're done for the day and Darrow invites us all to his house for supper, I announce to the gathered crowd that I'd appreciate it if they could spread the word through our vast and far-flung community of fellow shepherds that I'm selling my farm and everything in it.
charming.
John was beginning to worry his skin would stay permanently red and hot if he continued to blush at his current rate. "Um—"
PEOPLE!!! I
"Two parents! That's
"A very sane point of view. Addicts cannot be trusted."
"You don't have to go," I say quietly.
"You're worried I'm going to leave and not come back, aren't you?" John asked with that direct, slightly irritated way he used when Sherlock was being stupid. "You idiot. Of course, I'm coming back. I've only got to start work again, is all. Two days this week and three the next. I'm going to keep staying the night here until I've got a good bead on how that antidepressant is helping. Then I'll have to start spending the night at my own flat again, or there'll be no point in paying rent anymore."
Everyone crowds around and watches the white flakes settle to reveal what's inside—a tiny view of the fireplace in their flat with two chairs facing each other, and two tiny people sitting in their chairs, having a cup of tea. All the women gasp and
"Mother was forty-five and Dad was forty-nine."
. The air reeked of cigarettes. There were several ashtrays placed in strategic locations, almost all of which were half full of butts and ashes. Plates of uneaten toast and sandwiches with only a few bites taken were stacked on every available surface, as were at least six cups of half-drunk tea. John looked into a mug on the sitting room table and saw a skin of mold floating in it. He reared back in disgust.
"Talking," Sherrinford says.
"The tow truck is on its way," he says, standing awkwardly. I can't tell if it's because of his ankle or because of what happened between us.
Sherlock was raised to believe in God, and the idea had persisted to a greater degree than he would ever admit to, no matter how hard he worked to vanquish the idea. He'd always felt a sort of
"My desperate need to fuck you," Sherlock rumbles.
. That means chapter 8 will be posted on August 20th and Chapter 9 will be posted on August 27th (which is also the first day of school for my kiddos!)
"Hello, gorgeous!" a familiar voice said, and grabbed me by the elbow to spin me around.
be seeing them. As for why Mycroft invited you, I suspect he was only the messenger and that my family sent him to force my hand."
, but she continued to talk and he stood there with his laptop bag over his shoulder, occasionally shooting Sherlock helpless looks and wry smiles that said
on the sofa. John knocked his knees open and then put his own knee on the sofa seat between Sherlock's legs and leaned over him.
Dear Readers,
"No," Sherlock said, shaking his head.
"Are you going to be my therapist now as well as my doctor?" Sherlock asked, but there was no bite in his voice.
"Why did you
, he thought over and over.
"Oh? And what's that?" John asked, his voice a little breathless. How could he not be aroused when Sherlock was staring at him like that? Like—like John had surprised him and delighted him and
"I can't believe—" Audrey said, finding her knickers and yanking them on. "Are you
! I've slept with a lover and felt guilty for betraying my wife, but I've never slept with my
Sherlock picked out a suit, then a shirt, boxer briefs, black cashmere socks, Italian leather Oxfords and donned each item with precision and attention to detail. Every bit of lint or crease was removed or steamed out. Sherlock checked himself in the mirror, using his fingers to artfully arrange a few wayward curls. He looked the way he always did when he dressed like this—wealthy, well-bred, good-looking, and brilliant with the exception of one thing he'd never seen in this mirror before now—heartbroken.
When John nodded his head, I walked into the sitting room and reached down next to my chair to grab a book I'd swiped from Donovan's desk, a dystopian thriller. Then, without looking at John, I went upstairs to his bedroom and made myself comfy on his bed.
Sherrinford breaks into his thoughts, saying, "If I could go back and do it all over, I'd make sure we realized what it felt like for Sherlock—how alone he was when we all moved on with our lives. Mycroft and I were close in age so it never felt like there wasn't someone I could depend on. The girls, of course, had each other, but Sherlock, being born so far apart from us—he was alone."
Dr. Watson was half sitting, half leaning against the desk on the dais at the front of the room, his hands clasped in his lap, eyes brightly turning to each person as they stood and spoke, smiling and nodding and making pleased little sounds at what they said, making them feel relaxed and welcome.
, John thinks to himself.
When John and I walked onto the crime scene, I immediately recognized the victim. I'd never spoken to her, but we'd frequented the same club, the type of club where one can engage in certain predilections not shared by most of the public. Membership in the club included signing a nondisclosure agreement since the activities enjoyed therein were viewed by the population at large as laughably bizarre (at best) or deviant and dangerous (at worst). I found myself blushing just thinking about the club in the presence of Greg and John. (Especially John).
"Trust me—if all goes well, we'll need the extra floor between us and Mrs. Hudson to muffle the noises."
My laughter spent, I stare at him, stunned by the look in his eyes. We were
Louisa rolled her eyes. "So basically this means you're never moving back in with us," she said to Sherlock.
"Oh, do come in Dr. Watson. Is he expecting you?"
?" John splutters with a disbelieving laugh. "At least Mycroft doesn't pretend to care about me, Sherlock, so his secretiveness is mostly just annoying.
"Oh, John," I whispered, moving towards him, skirting the contents of my trunk easily without taking my eyes off of him. I reached for him, but he darted out of my reach. His body language was so unyielding, even as his face seemed on the verge of falling into dejection. "Do you really believe I think so little of you?" I asked, my words an echo of Oasis's Tuesday night in the club.
"Ah. Er—"
was the one who had done the betraying. Was
I oblige him because he is a genius, a god, the only person capable of reducing me to such a shameless state of pure sensation and love him, and oh god
Right as he made it into the foyer, the Holmes' family filed into the back of the church from some hidden area off a hallway to the side that he hadn't noticed walking in because of course he hadn't. He'd been too preoccupied with trying to locate Sherlock so that he could stay as far away from him as possible, and now, with his desperate flight towards the outside, he'd walked right into him.
It's not the type of place you grow to love. In many ways, how I feel about Sherlock matches how I felt about this land in my earliest memories of visiting my grandfather's farm. There was no
All was still quiet in the sitting room. I checked my watch as the kettle began to boil. It was fifteen to eleven at night. The kettle clicked off and I poured the hot water over the tea bags in our mugs to steep, glancing again at my watch.
Sherlock sprang back, hurt, and his mouth turned down in unhappiness. "Why are you so angry at me?"
. Should I ever become a professional writer, I would insist on bringing them along.
"And I've gone and made your
"Obvious? Obvious to
"I've never had sweet potato," Sherlock says when we sit down to eat.
I can't catch him before the guest room door closes quietly and with finality.
"I make no promises."
. Let him tell you.
"John! John, stop! Please stop—it's freezing out here and you have no coat!"
"Yes," Sherlock growls, then he shakes his head like a beast clearing away gnats. "No—we can't. Mum says. Breakfast. And it's—Christmas. Gifts. And stuff."
"Help me carry these boxes up and I'll show you what else I'm packing," John said and waggled his eyebrows lewdly.
get through this, yeah?"
married to your work!
They sit in silence for a while, and John drains the last of his cold tea, wincing at the taste. Sherrinford's given him much to think about, and even though this story makes John sad for and feel protective of Sherlock, there's the bubbling resentment at Sherlock's secretiveness. Sherlock has told John little about his past, but it's not like John expects him to lay out
you proceed to critique whatever plan I've asked you to trust in and expound upon all the ways in which things will go horribly wrong if you trust me and do what I say!"
MOMENTOUS
"Let's go for three," John said wickedly.
"Yes, yes, I know," she said, waving her hand impatiently. She tossed the used tissue in the small metal bin underneath the shelf where the Keurig machine sat. "I know it was my decision, I know you would have let me leave you for him, but Louisa was only four and I couldn't imagine uprooting her like that."
He didn't have to forgive Sherlock
"Here's an idea—
I stepped away, smiling nervously, and said quietly, "I'll make us some tea. If you want to talk. Even if you don't want to talk. Or if you already know what to say? You know, I'll just go make the tea," I said decisively, and turned, heading for the kitchen, before the stunned look on his face could morph into something that would kill me.
jewelry store to see it because he was having
, but there's no fairness in our relationship, no balance! I'm tired of you stripping me raw, and then playing the wounded, poor little socially clueless victim when I get upset!"
"When did you start wanting John?" Geoff asked me, eyes wide and hurt.
, John! What are you doing to me?"
definitely a
Just like in his dream Friday night, John is helpless to stop himself from obeying. And, just like the dream, Sherlock grips John's hips and deftly plucks him off the floor so that John lands, splayed, in Sherlock's lap. Sherlock spreads his own legs wide, forcing John's thighs apart even further so that he feels exposed,
"You're a bit frightening, you know that?" John said, looking not at all frightened.
picture of the PERIODIC TABLE (it was a chart and not an actual
"Yeah, really, Sherlock. Are you ashamed for your boy—"
Sherlock had told himself that when the case was over, and they were once again ensconced in the bubble of the Baker Street flat, basking in their post-coital glow, he would finally come clean to John about the secrets he'd been keeping. Now that he'd gone and made John all quarrelsome, though, there was no way in hell Sherlock was going to open up, even though his anxiety about continuing to keep his secrets was rising daily. How could he justify waiting so long to come clean? Their first time in bed was meant to be their
"You two are so cute!"
"God I love you," Sherlock said in a breathless rush and pressed their lips together.
Sherrinford and Will laugh, Sherlock snorts, and Charysa raises her voice and asks, "What's so funny? Why are you guys laughing?"
Sherlock sat up straight, and lifted his eyebrows, wondering where to start. "She was compassionate but not—"
. Sherlock had been shaken out of his gasping tears by this new piece of  knowledge.
"I've seen you be cruel," John says to Sherlock and squeezes hot tears from his eyes before opening them up wide, blinking. "But that is the cruelest thing you could ever do to me."
Sherrinford grins over her cup of tea before she takes a sip. "Yes, well, he's always had a tendency to go about protecting Sherlock in the way most likely to trigger Sherlock's stubbornness. That, in turn, made Mycroft sneakier and more heavy-handed in the way he took care of Sherlock, which I'm sure you can guess was very damaging to Sherlock's pride. He wanted Mycroft to admire him the way he admired Mycroft, and the fact that Mycroft
?" John laughed harshly. "You didn't have a plan B. Yeah, okay. I get it."
Posterity means all the people who come after you are dead.) He's watching me write this and he said it's not
He has the sudden feeling he's being marched to his doom. He sees Mycroft, which fills him with relief (possibly the only time it will do so); a beautiful redhead who must be the older sister as she looks just like Sherlock except with Mycroft's auburn hair and turned up nose; an elderly couple who must be their parents—the woman's eyes are the exact shade of Sherlock's and it's obvious Sherlock gets his cheekbones from his father.
Sherlock stops pacing and spins to look at John out from under his lowering brow. "Too many," he answers in a dark voice.
!" John's voice gets embarrassingly high as the words tumble out. "I've known you almost a year and I never even knew you had a sister, much less
Sherlock was always in the mood for sex after the satisfactory conclusion of a case. Especially if it involved Sherlock doing something particularly heroic and earning John's admiration. Usually, John was
I stood up and asked, "You ready?"
"Sherlock, I'm sorry your mother died, but I don't think—"
I make sure my med kit is in reach and then climb out of the back and attach the harness we normally use for rescuing sheep to the carabiner hooks on the end of the winch cable. The harness, winch motor, and the cable itself are all constructed and guaranteed to hold up to four hundred pounds—in other words, constructed to haul up a big man holding onto a fatly pregnant ewe without overtaxing the motor or the leather harness breaking. I'd guess my damsel in distress is about a hundred eighty or ninety pounds. Turning on the winch motor, I feed out enough of the cable so that the harness will reach the idiot stuck in the burn and then I turn it off, follow the line and lean over the side until I see him.
Sherlock murmurs something to his mother and she nods seriously, then pulls aside Eurus and Charysa and repeats whatever Sherlock said. The focus of the women around the table suddenly moves from John back to the puzzle. Sherlock turns to John and asks, "Puzzle?"
Sherlock hesitated, but then said, quietly, "I was, yes. Well, I loved her at any rate, but I didn't know what it really meant to be
"Are you always this wet when you're aroused?" I asked, my own voice a rasp.
He lies down and rolls over to face me in one fluid motion before he pulls the duvet up to his neck. I'm already facing him and I do the same. For a moment neither of us does anything. His eyes tell me what I need to know—
"We brought tea," Charysa says sweetly.
—romantic, doesn't it? And fucking someone else's husband isn't really romantic at all, is it, Sherlock?"
Then he kisses me, his body pressing tight to mine, and a combination of relief, arousal, and sense memory pours over me and it feels like I'm gripping the dressing coat at his waist hard enough to rip through the silk.
"Would you like some tea? Or, since you're tired, I can make some chamomile tea. We still have chamomile, right?"
That newspaper article and photo were the reason the Superintendent had gotten involved and why Sherlock was now waiting for Greg to get here to watch Toby so Sherlock could go to the first class of the dog training program that required you to leave your dog at home.
"What would you like me to autograph?" Sherlock asked, stepping one foot closer.
Dr. Watson’s eyes crinkled when he smiled, and he smiled constantly. He had wrinkles everywhere, managing to look both middle aged and boyishly handsome. He was a short man—Sherlock estimated 170 centimeters in his stockinged feet and maybe five centimeters more with his shoes on. His hair had been dishwater blonde once and was now streaked with grey and although both of those were dull colors, together they made his hair into something extraordinarily bright. His face had three days worth of whiskers and once or twice before getting to Sherlock, he’d grinned wide enough to show the entire row of his top teeth, which were as bright as everything else about him. He was confident and whether that was because he was much lauded for what he did or was just naturally that confident wasn’t clear.
, and, incomprehensibly, Sherlock heard himself snort in amusement.
He jerked, then laughed nervously as he realized he'd overreacted.
"Oh, well, I know you're getting better, throwing around words like
Slowly, I take his hand and shake it, then nod, my smile—when I can finally force it out—watery and weak. "Take care of yourself, Sherlock," I manage.
By early August, Sherlock said he felt well enough to start taking cases again, but John vetoed it, saying Sherlock should wait until he didn't tire so easily. They argued over what the phrase
but PROOFREAD. That is when someone else reads what you wrote and fixes all the mistakes you make.
is going on with you and Sherlock?" she asks, and the tone of her voice gives John the disconcerting feeling that he's in trouble.
It had taken Sherlock many years to figure out why his warnings were never taken seriously and why he was subsequently blamed for the very thing he warned them about. It was his last boyfriend who, when breaking up with him, had given him a piece of jarring insight.
They walked in silence, holding hands. At the church doors Mycroft, Audrey, and a small assortment of Holmeses were looking worriedly around. Sherlock looked at John with a question in his eyes, and John squeezed his hand, and didn't let it go.
"I need you," Sherlock says, voice low and rough with emotion. "Just because I have a family who loves me doesn't exclude my need for you. I value you highly, John—I value you above all others, to put a finer point on it. I'm honored to be called your friend."
"He's right about that," John said with a smirk.
Sherlock and Toby had been in the paper, after an interview with the grateful parents, who had paid Sherlock handsomely. In the newspaper photo, the little girl was wrapping her arms around Toby whose mouth was hanging open in a way that looked remarkably like a smile. Sherlock had been smiling at Toby.
"What happened with Mycroft?" Sherlock asks.
. It seemed like it was all meat with only the thinnest layer of fat. It was a powerful arse—no wonder his short legs could keep up with me—those glutes could power a machine.
"That's an understatement," John says, shaking his head with dismay.
Then John came around so that they faced each other again. In the corner of Sherlock's eye, he could see Toby watching the two of them with rapt attention. Suddenly, he was embarrassed, felt like he was doing something inappropriate in front of Toby, but then John put two fingers against Sherlock's jaw and turned Sherlock's focus back to himself.
Sherlock shook his head, looked at his mother's headstone, and was helpless at the wave of grief that overwhelmed him again.
In a way, that was true—he
. "It's family time."
The unknown number called twice more before John finally answered the phone. "What the fuck do you want?" he yelled.
He wondered why everyone around Sherlock seemed to think that John was being silly not to have forgiven him and moved back in so that things could continue as they had before. Naturally, this made John very suspicious of anyone associated with Sherlock and their motives in trying to hook them back up. Sherlock was surrounded by people who loved him. John was not. John's mother
"How so?" Sherrinford asks, biting into her scone without the whole thing crumbling in her mouth and falling all over her plate, which is usually what happens to John.
"All—all of, uh—all
opened presents I was
a diamond.
"I will—"
"You can't spend Christmas money on anything practical," Charysa says, her face dead serious. John looks up and sees everyone else—even Mycroft—nodding their heads in the same solemn, knowing way.
He sat in his chair, silently crying, and waited for John to come home.
Sherlock's mother. Truthfully, he didn't want to have a conversation with
"I'll give you about,
"Stop," Sherlock says, sitting down and snapping out the serviette before placing it in his lap. "I was taught how to treat a guest growing up."
John closes his eyes, defeated, and knows he shouldn't bother to tell her that he and Sherlock aren't lovers. Clearly the Holmeses think if they say a thing is true, then it will be true.
The minute John disappears through the sitting room door on his way upstairs, I spring from my chair and race to my bedroom. I'm loath to appear too eager or too obedient. Although, really, I'm not fooling John and certainly not myself.
"What?" Sherlock asked uncertainly against John's lips. Apparently, John felt Sherlock wasn't getting the picture because he grabbed Sherlock's face in his hands and pressed their bodies together and kissed Sherlock in that way that meant
, because he kind of wants to be, and the awful empty feeling bleeding through him, he realizes, is just
escapes John's lungs. "If that's okay with you."
Sherlock comes out of his room scowling. "Go away," he says to the girls.
brought it up!" Sherlock said, throwing his arms in the air.
"Not yet, but obviously he
Later he told me that there are some questions he will not answer like How do you get rid of a body? That is the kind of question Dad would ask, lol.
, John had called it on his blog) had taken over a week to solve and even in the midst of all that pressure, Sherlock hadn't been able to keep his hands off of John. After the case, they'd positively
Sherlock nodded, eyes on the floor. "I don't want to lob blame, Audrey, but I told you then that if you wanted a—"
"Darling, what is it?" his mother asked.
No, no, don't listen to anything I say about Katie, Jenn, or Tia. They are absolute saints and I'm a demanding, possessive, and bossy writer. Jenn said she was sick and I said I DON'T CARE, BETA THE DAMN THING AND STOP YOUR WHINGING.
"All of it!" he said, throwing his hands up in the air. "I mean, I discover you're into BDSM and then you come home, and when I ask what the hell is going on, you tell me that you love me! I thought all this stuff—sex, love—wasn't your area. That's what you told me the day we met."
"We've known Sherlock was gay since he was a boy, so if you're worried about our disapproval, don't be. We just want to see him happy."
Sherlock makes a soft sound, staring keenly at John. "You'll love them," he says finally, voice thoughtful, "and they will love you."
"Have you found Sherlock?" asked a new, wavering voice. A tall man with grey hair pushed through the crowd of Holmeses much like Louisa had.
"I'm just moving you into my room. We hardly need
relationship, as in the next time someone asks if we're together we say
, John said to himself.
"Well, I can't guarantee I'm right about my son, but I hope a lack of guarantee won't stop you. It would make me happy to see Sherlock settled down."
I ran my hands through John's hair while he smiled as though he was only playing along to humor me. Maybe this would be a game we only played once. Maybe he would enjoy being dominated, but not spanked. Maybe he would enjoy being spanked, but not dominated. Maybe he wouldn't like any of it, and I'd be stuck with vanilla sex for the rest of my life.
"Well, I know this wasn't your first choice of occupation," he finally concedes. "But you're a damn fine farmer, John. When you go, I'll miss the hell out of you."
Eurus says, "We brought tea!" and points towards the sitting room off which his and Sherlock's bedrooms and connecting bathroom are located. (
gesture and John—helpless to stop himself—goes thither. Sherlock stands John between his spread knees before sitting up straight and tilting his head back so that he's looking up at John. It's a novel experience, looking down at Sherlock Holmes. Speaking of novel, the permission to frame Sherlock's face between his hands and bend to press their lips together is still new enough to give John nervous flutters in his chest.
seems lost on Sherlock. And God forbid he and Mycroft talk to each other like normal people."
"Yes. Exactly that," John says, leaning closer, leaning
"Ohhh," John breathes out. "No, I don't mind." Happiness bubbles through him, making him want to laugh.
"What happened to seven different scenarios and three different places on my body to warm up your hands?" John asked.
into a plot to drive John away? Are you suggesting our family is somehow
At least Evelyn's smile shows a little guilt as she looks uncertainly up at Mycroft.
secret and I
Delighted by this confession, John looks up, his whole body flushed. Sherlock's smiling at him. It's a sly smile and John can't help but smile back at the mischievous look in Sherlock's eyes.
"Do you want to stop?" I asked softly.
"The second bedroom," Sherlock says impatiently. "I'm turning it into a lab."
When John arrived, his arms were loaded with shopping bags. He spilled into the flat, awkwardly trying not to let the bags unbalance him. Sherlock rushed to help.
(in the loo, awash with the fug of my shame) in less than five minutes.
After lunch, the group splits up. John ends up with Sherlock and his parents, but Sherlock—clearly still upset about John's earlier reprimand—grimly strides off ahead. Violet separates from John and Will to go after him. Will and John end up walking aimlessly in an uncomfortable silence.
When I arrived at the flat, I found John waiting up for me. As soon as I was in the door, he leapt to his feet. He stalked towards me, stabbing a finger in my direction. "You," he said, and I found myself having to consciously hold my ground as he got nearer. "You and I are going to
That just made it that much more pleasurable to be pushing himself inside the beautiful arsehole of a kid probably fifteen years younger than him (and wasn't
, but we are lucky not to have the animosity and bitterness of other couples we know who've ended up divorced."
sound that meant
I shuffle into the sitting room, fatigue settling over me, and I make for the couch which is closer than my bed. When I manage to work up some energy, I'll call Lestrade, and demand a case. The holidays brought plenty of crime to the city, but it's late February now, and apparently all the murderers have inconveniently gone on holiday.
When they finally go downstairs, John hears the murmur of voices inside an opened sitting room door. He doesn't know what he expected—something from
silver band with a
"You're wearing
And then they have another round where each person gets to open a gift, taking turns so everyone can see what the recipient unwraps. Before long, it's John's turn again.
yourself
"You were six and you didn't know how to read?" John asked, surprised.
Sherlock nodded, then he was rushing through the hall towards the kitchen, taking the stairs down two at a time in an all-out attempt to head John off.
She looked genuinely confused at his brusqueness. Sherlock inhaled sharply as she stepped up to him. She was tall with long, lustrous dark hair, and striking hazel eyes—brown near the pupil and blue-green at the edge of her irises. She wasn't dressed for work in her usual modest pencil skirt and jacket. Instead, she was wearing a whimsical pale pink chiffon dress, the bodice embroidered with flowers. It fell below her knees and even the plunging neckline was modest, tailored to meet just below her collarbone. Her long hair was pulled back in a sensible ponytail.
Sherlock should've known that John would continue to surprise him, but when he met John's dog, he was flabbergasted. She was a Chihuahua and Terrier mix called Sophia because as a teenager, John had it bad for Sophia Loren. Sherlock stared distastefully at the small dog as she explored the house, nails click-click-clicking on the wood floors, her tail wagging nonstop, while John hauled his stuff out of the truck.
He flinched at the suddenness and glared at me.
This is how it went:
"As I said, he suffers from separation anxiety," Sherlock said, feeling suddenly defensive.
And what it isn't.
"Sounds good. Oh, and what should I pack to wear? Do I need formal dress for dinner or—"
Adie and the cooks hired for the shearing announce supper is ready outside on the half dozen trestle tables set up to feed the large number of regular and seasonal workers. With that, the matter of my selling is closed for discussion.
, John," Sherlock whispers and then cups the back of John's head and brings their faces close.
Sherlock sighed with blissful contentment.
The phone rang a final time with Mycroft's number, and this time John turned his phone off. He might have gone back to sleep, or maybe just slipped into a fugue because almost immediately there was a banging on his door. John sat up in bed, and rubbed his hands roughly over his face. He had four days' worth of facial hair. It itched and he spent a few seconds scratching at it, trying to remember why he'd woken up, when the knocking came again.
—that was his fix. Motive or intent meant nothing unless it led him to understand
and Sherlock lets out a groan so deep and dark and rumbling that John's bones heat like iron in a forge. They melt, drip dripping thickly inside his body so that he begins to pant and gasp for breath. He's too hot, he's on fire, he's going to die, scorched clean by Sherlock's body.
thing.
John nods and says slowly, "Yes, I remember. That's why I want to know why you're packing."
to meet him!"
, leave me hanging," she said sharply. "When will you be here?"
Sherlock gripped his upper arms painfully, bent slightly at the waist to do so. His arms were extended, keeping John at a slight distance, and then he shook him, roughly enough for John to try to shrug him off.
"That little trick with the lock screen was their price for writing the program for me," Sherlock says dourly.
I intend to plop face down on the couch, but someone clears their throat and it startles me, and then I see it's not
"The whole," John says slowly, letting his tongue and lips stroke the words. "
. Text me and tell me how it goes."
to love it—I simply did, from the first. Many people see desolation when they stand out here. They don't see what's there, only what's
Please forgive me for the lateness of this Thursday's chapter. I've got the LAZIEST betas known to man.
I'll be posting a chapter every morning for the next five days, which means the final chapter will be posted on Christmas Day.
, or I will go and speak for you,
voice, but John cut him off. He turned and stared at Sherlock—glared, actually—and said, "If you want sex after a case, then stop asking me to
Charysa claps her hands together happily.
"I'd like you to meet my wife, Evelyn Barker-Holmes," Mycroft says and slips his arm around the waist of a woman in black slacks and a fir green silk blouse.
So, that light angst tag? Yeah, this is where it happens. I'd say I'm sorry but it's me and angsty just sort of...happens when I write.
Okay, here is the list of words I found
what I meant to tell him? If so, this was not an auspicious beginning.
John started. "I'm sorry, what?"
"Look, Sherlock," John said in a syrupy sweet voice, the kind that usually presaged people saying things like
Sherlock had already started for the kitchen and he tensed, halted, and turned towards John who was finally looking at him. He took a deep breath. "I'd planned to tell you when we were through with the case, but after last night you were so angry, and this morning, too—I was thinking about you, about us and all—Audrey, all that, when Mycroft texted me and said she was on her way. It was a surprise, she surprised me, that is. I hadn't—"
Sherrinford smiles indulgently and reaches over to pat him on the knee. "I can see you're catching on. So, can I send poor Sherlock up so you two can have a conversation like grownups?"
Audrey bent over the edge of the bed, searching for her abandoned knickers. She tensed, and he turned towards her, his eyes following her hand, in which she held a dark blue pullover, obviously too small for him. He squeezed his eyes shut, only opening them when she threw John's shirt at him.
if you need to stop." I gripped his chin more tightly. "This is important to remember—if you say
must be the murderer, because how else—"
"He thinks we'll humiliate him in front of you," Mycroft says and lifts his eyebrows with that
"Please," Audrey said with a firmness that they both knew meant
John allows himself to be hauled out of the car. He's overwhelmed with details—the dormer windows of the second floor, the black shutters on the windows, the grey-green of the lawn that extends just past the drive into trees and then, beyond that, a glimpse of fallow farmland. There's so much for him to take in that he barely registers the chatter of the girl holding him hostage, dragging him inexorably towards the door and the waiting group of people.
"He's lovely," John said to Sherlock and, "I think he'll make an excellent service dog, though probably better suited to trauma service. They do have a couple of dogs at the Met who act as therapy dogs when children are involved in murder inquiries. They're not long-term therapy dogs, but when it comes to helping witness interviews with children, they're a phenomenal help."
"Oh, we're so delighted to finally meet you!" Violet says, clapping her hands together. She's tall and heavy, dressed in a dark green flowing tunic and trousers, beads dangling around her neck and her grey hair held back by the pair of spectacles perched on the top of her head. She reaches for him as though to pull him into a hug, but then stops short, eyes flicking to Sherlock's then back to John. Instead of a hug, she clasps his arms, squeezing once and then letting go.
I was already involved with someone."
As I've gradually exposed the man beneath the frumpy clothes, I've discovered that John is much slimmer than his old clothes made him seem, and his height doesn't at all detract from the elegant line of his body. In relation to his height, his shoulders are broad and taper to narrow hips, his body blessed with lean, wiry musculature. I've seen him in nothing but his pants a few times (half of which were well-timed invasions of his bedroom). His glutes are finely muscled, unlike mine which remain plump as a woman's bottom no matter how thin I am. If John were starving to death, I'd offer up my arse for him to eat—
But I was not asexual. Far from it, in fact. My libido, like most men's, was high, and being gay meant having access to
meant. John said every time Sherlock left the flat, he needed a nap when he came back. Sherlock said he promised to take better care of himself when he was on a case, including actually sleeping and eating, which he felt was an enormous concession that would sway John in his favor. He was dead wrong, and John put an end to the whole conversation by saying that Greg wouldn't let Sherlock work on cases until John gave him the okay.
"Do you think you could find three things in that pile of stuff that you'd like to try?"
you, he says. He quote
rather than just the desire to pleasure my partner. (Could it be related to breastfeeding in infancy? Scratch that. Not pillow talk, that.)
Sherlock choked on the sip of chocolate he'd just taken, unsure whether to laugh or frown. "Yes," he said instead. "Your mother and I are going to have a divorce."
"So when you ask me why I didn't tell you I was married, John, it was because I couldn't—I didn't want to
, I explained. I took my phone from my pocket and took a few pictures of his arse. The color was pornographic in its scarlet hue. There were several bluish areas where enough capillaries had burst to form small hematomas. They were
"You forgot to lock this door," he says flatly. Then his eyes soften. "Why are you not naked on your bed like I asked?" His voice is light and flirty—he's trying not to spook me, which just adds to my predicament. My face is positively
Sherlock snaps. "
why! Whatever my family are telling you, it's driving you away from me, and I need to fix it, but I
It's Christmas Eve, and we are at Nana's house but she is not here because she died nine months ago. I
Say it with me."
I paused, waiting to see what he would do. John, the sexy little tart, put himself back into position except this time he widened his knees and lowered his pelvis. That pushed his bum higher, making it clear what he wanted.
"Ah, yes," John said, his smile grown tight, and his good mood beginning to evaporate. "Well. I'm off! Thank you again." He made his way out into the employee parking lot and from there to the bus stop, where his mind immediately began turning over the problem of what to do about Sherlock.
I strip him quickly down to his pants, a pair of black boxer briefs that hug shapely thighs. I can't stop myself from glancing at his crotch. Even half frozen, his dick is eye-popping. It's definitely not proportionate to his height—if he were eight feet tall, maybe, but at roughly six foot, maybe an inch more, that is one sizable bit of real estate.
, get out! Trust me on this, please, I need you to turn around and
—" (He did the air quotes to underline his disapproval) "—when what you really mean is
We're in love and we're together and I am done letting go. It's time to hold on.
"What?" Geoff cried, both hands clutching at his chest. "That's heartless, Oasis!"
John squawks unattractively and smacks Sherlock on the chest while Sherlock gives him a mock-innocent look.
. I've always wanted a playroom. There's so many things I can buy if I have a whole room at my disposal." My mind was already imagining the possibilities.
Almost ten minutes exactly go by before Sherlock opens the door. The movement catches John's eyes and he jerks his head in that direction. "Hey," he says, his genuine happiness to see Sherlock infusing his voice. "Come in and sit. We need to talk."
"Yes," Sherrinford agrees with a grimace. "At first, he came home almost every weekend, then it became once or twice a month, and then his visits got further and further apart. The girls were in fifth grade and Mum had been back at work for four years already. Everyone was busy with their lives, and his longer absences were so gradual that nobody noticed until it was too late. Eventually, he stopped answering his phone and then one time I called him and got one of those recorded messages saying his phone number wasn't in service. Mycroft was back in London, then, thank God, and took over the search, but when he found out Sherlock had been kicked out of his flat, the trail went cold. There was a stretch of months where we had no idea what had happened to him. It was Detective Lestrade who finally contacted us, God bless him. Have you heard this story?"
?" she wheedled.
Pa—sounds Irish but maybe?
, though, where he would see how very little John had accomplished in those thirty-eight years made him feel pathetic.
wasn't worth John's time and energy.
If, however, it were true that John could share my home, my work, my life,
Finally, she sat down in the chair facing Sherlock, tucking her feet up under her. It took her a minute to look at him, but then she smiled sadly and he returned it. She seemed inclined to speak first, and so he waited, one foot balanced on the opposite knee.
After they'd smiled at each other for a minute, he told John it was his turn, and John's eyebrows drew together when he said, "My turn to what?"
, sitting beside me, it might be more bearable, I think, when it's really bad, to know—to be holding your hand."
I pull a second steak out of the freezer and prep two sweet potatoes to bake in the oven for ninety minutes. While we wait, I push snacks on Sherlock—pecan halves imported from Texas, USA; two leftover sausage rolls; six chocolate HobNobs. We also polish off a bottle of wine.
I shrugged, feeling like a sullen schoolboy. "I don't want him to think I'm a freak."
there’s nothing very much to speak of anything to speak of
"I asked you first," John said belligerently, knowing how childish it sounded, but not caring. His heart beat a thundering staccato against his ribs.
"Really, Sherlock?" Mycroft says, clearly not expecting an answer. He rubs his fingertips across his brow in a gesture John himself often makes when exasperated with Sherlock.
"Oh, of course," Sherrinford agrees, smiling amusedly. "I'm sure you're smarter than most people as well. You'd have to be, considering how taken Sherlock is with you."
wet and open for him. He cursed, and in a single fluid movement, stood and tumbled her onto the bed. He tore his own pants off and cast them on the floor, then crawled after her. Without warning, he shoved himself inside her.
, knowing that John's naked body was in his shower, Sherlock had thrown off good sense and rushed in to join him. The case they were on at the time
"Now what?" he asked, hands on his hips.
Sherlock nods and attempts to smile, but it falters. He wastes no time moving on. "Next question. If we were to become romantically involved," Sherlock says. "To what degree would you be willing to show that relationship in public?"
Sherlock sighed. "Audrey and I are getting a divorce."
I stared at her, then opened my mouth to say
There was the faintest, weak-sounding, "John?" that made John's heart seize up in his chest. John gripped the door knob and shoved the door open, eyes immediately landing on Sherlock.
. How am I going to concentrate if you're living here? I need my mind to be pure, to be focused absolutely on the case and its resolution. Not, not—
tears being shed!! They were
getting out of here. What's going on? And the flat—? Where's Audrey, or Mycroft, or—?"
"There you go," John whispers against my chin. "Feel free to touch because I intend to," and then he grabs my right hand and yanks it towards his groin where I greedily wrap it around his partially erect penis. I run a thumb over the velvety skin from midway to tip where the foreskin is still flaccid, hiding the glans. My mouth waters. I find myself barely restraining the urge to suck on this part of John, the feeling almost atavistic—something my body recognizes as
," Audrey began. "We—"
"I have a better idea," I said, sitting up. I swung my legs over the edge of the bed and stood, offering him my hand. "Let's sleep in my bed."
Although the sale of the farm pays off my remaining mortgage on the farm, the profit is less than I'd hoped by about £50,000. Still, I'll walk away with six figures. I invest the bulk of it and put enough in my new London bank account to cover rent and expenses for a year, and then I hire an estate agent to find me a decent, but inexpensive flat.
"Yes," Audrey said.
probably also about the presents I got if
Without pausing for breath, Mycroft continues. "—to spend Christmas with us at our family home. I know it's short notice, but may I send a car for you tomorrow morning?"
"Thank you, John," Mycroft said, almost smiling. "Can I text you the details?"
," Sherlock says, still sounding like an adolescent.
didn't think we would EVER get to Dad and John's presents!!!
custom made ring and that means IT IS THE ONLY ONE IN THE WORLD! Just like Dad is the WORLD'S ONLY CONSULTING DETECTIVE! So you see
having sex. I was in love with Victor and had been since the moment I met him. I remember writing a poem about his hair—his hair was blonde and bright and silky to the touch."
"You're right. I'm jealous. I'm viciously, hatefully, irrationally jealous because I'm in love with you, John, so you'll have to forgive me if I can't bear to watch you go out with someone else," I say. "Eventually, you'll fall in love and get married, and then you'll leave anyway. I prefer to suffer the separation now, rather than later, when it will be all the more painful."
YOU'LL KNOW IT WHEN IT HAPPENS. That is not helpful AT ALL.
So, when they sat down at Angelo's to eat, John
. So, do you want it?"
"Do you think he's handsome?" Eurus asks, bumping John's shoulder with hers.
"I cried as I ran, and between the crying and the running, I ended up collapsing in the grass somewhere—I don't even remember where, if I ever did—and after my breath slowed down, I fell asleep.
Uranium—U
Instead, he used his mobile to ring his mother. She could tell right away something was wrong.
). There were three sections of pews, all shaped in a wedge. Most of the middle section had
spoken in baby talk.
John finds himself jealous of the easy way the Holmes siblings interact with each other.
Sherlock watched John's eyes close. His lips trembled and his brow was furrowed, but there was a brief few seconds during which Sherlock thought he'd gotten himself under control before John's face crumpled entirely and he put his face in his hands and wept. He was almost silent, his shoulders heaving. Sherlock was crying in sympathy, but he was much more vocal about it, could feel keening sounds that he hated hearing himself make.
"I'll gradually hit harder and harder, so that after about seventy-five, warm will become hot, and the heat will keep rising until after about a hundred it will feel like
of boyfriends, but he's never brought one home before."
"Oh, God, don't start—"
Just like with him.
felt posed a threat. At the time, I took it to be loyalty and his inclination to protect.
"Rules, John. If you want to touch me, ask permission. At the end of all this, if you still have the energy, we will engage in mutual acts of mind-blowing carnal indulgence. Until then, keep your hands to yourself. Remember, say
"I'm fine! There's nothing wrong!"
life.
It was nearly three in the morning, and there had been a satisfactory conclusion of a case and Sherlock had done something particularly heroic, but John was decidedly
, and Sherlock was almost confident that John felt the same way he did. They weren't just getting started on this encounter, this
he said, Sherlock had to give him the contact information for someone who would keep Sherlock accountable and with whom Lestrade could keep in touch with to occasionally verify that Sherlock
John sighed with a combination of exasperation and defeat. He turned around and looked Sherlock in the eye, and said, "Last night, you said
Sire—I don't even know what that means eether
"You must be Dr. Watson," she said, ignoring Sherlock. Her voice was polite, but the look she gave him was full of pity, which only added to John's confusion.
Sherlock was stunned into silence. His control over the situation, the balance he'd so far managed, was toppled. He stared at her, unable to think of a single word to say.
They pass through the village of East Hoathly and the last houses, then there are trees to their right and more pastures to their left. Then Sherlock says, "We're here," and John looks around, wondering where
Mycroft invites John to spend Christmas 2018 with the Holmeses.
"Oh, no," John mutters. "I can guess where this is going."
A slow grin spread across John's face. "Am I?" he asked, and then reached for the keys in Sherlock's hand. Sherlock tipped them out onto his open palm and John stepped against Sherlock to tuck the keys into his coat pocket. Sherlock watched, mesmerized, feeling the warm, lazy curl of arousal diffuse through his body like vapor, as John took his other hand, the gloved one, and began, finger by finger, unveiling the hand beneath. When it was off, he tucked that, too, into Sherlock's coat pocket. Next, John pushed Sherlock's coat off his shoulders and took the opportunity to ruck up Sherlock's scarf and suck a kiss at the base of his throat while he did so. Sherlock gasped, eyes sliding shut, standing perfectly still while John slipped around to Sherlock's back and pulled the coat all the way off, then hung it on a hook by the door. Next was Sherlock's scarf. John untucked it and then pulled it gently off Sherlock's neck. He hung it over the hook where he'd put the coat.
instead of
John reared back as though she had slapped him. He cleared his throat and shook his head. He wanted to look at Sherlock, but didn't dare, didn't want to see what was surely written all over Sherlock's face.
Already walking away, John gasps a breath, just enough to speak his next words. "I'm leaving." Then he's running again, only this time towards the house, praying the Holmeses are too involved in their Christmas Eve festivities to notice John flee. John's plan is to pack his bag and run without notice, without explanation, all the way back to London where he hopefully has at least Christmas Day to be alone and plan where to go from here.
John got up and started towards me. We maintained eye contact the whole time he walked towards me. I pushed away from the table, staying seated, and slouched slightly, my legs stretched out in front of me, spread wide. He moved to stand in front of me. I reached for him, hooking my fingers in his belt loops and yanked him forward so he was standing in between my legs. I looked up at him, unable to help the grin that spread across my face.
It was money well spent, he thought, as he and John gathered up their things, bodies listing towards each other as they walked, hands brushing, completely unaware of anything outside of each other with the exception of trying to pay enough attention not to run into things. They'd mostly succeeded until Sherlock thrust his hip against the bar of one side of the outside doors while grinning stupidly at John and found himself banging his head against it when the door refused to open. John laughed and pointed to the sign on the door Sherlock was currently glaring at.
" he almost bellows. The dirty and sweaty workers part as he makes his way towards me, his face creased in alarm.
"I—um," Sherlock said, and stopped. He didn't want to sound
John rolls his eyes, but goes with it, seeing the worth in what she's saying. "Because they did something wrong, or something illegal and don't want to be caught."
fairly confident, yes," Sherlock says with a grin. Then he wraps his arms around John's body, his hands cupping John's arse. With one tug, Sherlock pulls him onto his lap. "Judging by the erection you're rubbing against my stomach, I have every reason to feel confident." Then his long fingers with their knobby knuckles have somehow opened John's trousers without him realizing it and are wrapped around the aforementioned erection and—
Audrey sat up and held her hands out to him, waiting for him to grasp them. Instead, he reached down and grabbed his dressing gown and pulled it on as he sat and then stood, stepping away from the bed.
John shook his head. "Of course not," he said derisively.
The little girl, barely more than a toddler, had already been missing for 40 hours when Greg called Sherlock in. Her stepbrother, aged twenty-two, had taken her from the family home after everyone had gone to sleep. He had been diagnosed with schizophrenia at nineteen, and was considered dangerous, but unarmed.
as he hauled out a wooden paddle two feet long and three quarters an inch thick. "And
. (He had adored
signs, which explained why John's preferred back pew had been taken. There were two aisles on each side of the middle, both of which led to a foyer of sorts, and then out the front doors. John huddled in one of the doorways before darting into a back pew in the left wedge. He'd no sooner sat down, then two old women, probably Mrs. Hudson's age, asked him to scoot over. And
. He stood abruptly, and said, "Excuse me," to Mrs. Hudson, but didn't wait for her to move before stepping as gingerly as he could
There was a pause, a slip of silence and then, "Stay," Sherlock blurted. His voice was unsteady and his insides, his guts, his heart, all of it was a shivering, shifting, tremulous mess. He was balancing on the line between Life Without John and Life With John and he desperately wanted it to be the second.
until
"I'm going to grab a flannel with warm water, wipe you down, and then, yes, I am most definitely going to lick you.
John's amazed he's kept his feelings to himself for this long. It won't last. Nobody can keep secrets from Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock
"I'm going to make sure you're nice and clean," John says, voice raised to be heard over the shower, "because I plan to do very dirty things to this body," and squeezes my arse cheeks. I'm hard now, and lightheaded, not surprising considering the extreme chemicals my brain is dumping into my body, going from the chemical dump of panic that my shame would be revealed, and John would be disgusted, to the chemical dump of lust, which isn't all that different, really, the brain itself a slave to the amygdala, which lies, hidden and protected, deep inside the brain. A bit like Mycroft—tucked up safely, bossing everyone else around and sticking his nose in everyone's business.
in gilt lettering on the top. Sherlock makes a little sound of happy intrigue and untucks the lid.
are interested in
"I have cranberry and white chocolate biscuits still warm from the oven. Why don't you put the kettle on while I run downstairs and grab them? It's right there."
didn't then at least it would keep him busy for a few minutes. LOL! John ended up
John's other hand was fisted in the fabric of Sherlock's shirt at the small of his back. Sherlock's hips drew a lazy arc against John's and John made one of those small humming sounds of pleasure that Sherlock had longed to hear. They kissed, open mouths breathing humidity in and out, while their lips continued to sip at each other, and their tongues to drink deeper. John had set a languid pace, but after a few minutes, Sherlock grew greedy and took control of the kiss, one hand cupping the back of John's head, the other gripping his jaw.
John and Sherlock finally talk like grown-ups. (Sorta).
everyone coming where they sat to hug them. No
—" he emphasizes the
"Oh my god, that's what I said!—thought, I mean. I was thinking it. I've always wanted someone like you," Sherlock gasped and lunged for John, burying him beneath his body. He pressed their naked bodies together, his forearms lying alongside John's head. They were the only thing keeping their faces apart, but that space was a bare, breathless inch. "I've wanted someone who would kill people who tried to steal me away."
because the idea of John's naked body in Sherlock's shower was too powerful an image to ignore. And
"Charming," I say with a glare, but it
," Mycroft retorts while at the same time Sherlock says, "You must be
His eyes are soft and dark, affection and lust mixing easily. I want to lick his lips, and the inside of his mouth, and press my nose in his hair and armpit and groin, and take his cock in my mouth, swallow down the essence of John.
John sighs and shakes his head. "No. When I said I wasn't gay, it wasn't exactly a lie—obviously I like women too—but I haven't really met many men I'm interested in. At least, not interested in a relationship with them. Men are easy when it comes to sex, but I guess—well, I just always pictured myself married to a woman."
and didn't mean anything." Again, silence. John watches Sherlock and waits, throat pinching in sympathy. Sherlock sighs and rubs his eyes tiredly. "The sad truth is that it still hurts. Nearly two decades later, I can still remember exactly what it felt like
, John," Sherlock says. "Your current wardrobe is fine."
"In a hurry, brother dear?" Sherrinford asks, lifting her eyebrows and widening her eyes suggestively.
"Charysa is the nice one," Sherlock says, and grins at Eurus who tries to maintain an angry glare but it fails as her lips start to twitch into a smile.
Sitting on the bus on the way to work, John's mind picked through the haze of fear that had gripped him for unbearable hours last night. At NSY, John had been sorting through files of unsolved murders whose victims matched the profiles of the killer Sherlock and Greg's team were after. Sherlock had been pacing back and forth in the huge basement room where officers and clerks could lay out large swaths of paperwork and sort through it for whatever purpose they might have to do so. Mostly it was used for the boring, meticulous work of the clerks, but it was also used for the same purpose John had been using it last night—to pull out all the paperwork involved in a murder case and lay it out to sort through it. There were a couple of 2.5m folding tables, a cabinet full of office supplies, copiers, and computers on mismatched desks. It had twenty foot ceilings with exposed ductwork and it was always very cold—John never could stand being down there without his jacket.
, which means
"But I think I knew, deep down, that I was Victor's dirty little secret and that if word ever got out that we were fucking each other, Victor would—" Sherlock's eyes fall closed and he shakes his head minutely. "Victor would leave me."
She slid her hands up his arms, her characteristically short and unvarnished nails sliding around the nape of his neck and into his hair. She was tall for a woman, but in her practical suede flats, she still had to tip her face back to kiss him. His traitorous arms automatically slid around her waist, his hands coming to rest just below it. The index finger of his right hand rested at the bottom of the zipper that lay along her spine.
"Eurus is the mean one," Sherlock says to John in a stage whisper.
"My mouth has not been—"
"If you have any questions about my family, now's the time to ask," Sherlock says after they've eaten all the sandwiches. He's leaning back in the leather chair he's sat in, one ankle resting on the knee of the other leg, elbows resting on the arms and fingertips steepled. It's a pose that tends to overstimulate John's libido, which is already constantly stimulated around Sherlock.
The next ten minutes play out in flashes for John as he struggles to take everything in. Eurus is gripping his arm, pulling him towards the group. John feels himself begin to shiver from nerves, and then shame rolls over him. Perhaps
flat."
"What made you decide to get a dog?" John asked, apropos of nothing.
noise and nodded his head slightly, took a deep breath, let it out, and brought his eyes to meet John's again, and then he began speaking. "My mother was holding me in her lap, but my legs were so long that they dangled past her knees. I started kicking her shins—not hard, mind you—I was really just swinging my legs slowly back and forth. She told me several times to stop, but I kept doing it. I guess I was testing her, or maybe I just wanted to see what she would do—"
"But how do you get to know someone, to develop that deep relationship when the two of you speak separate languages? Well, that's where I come in. I’m going to teach you how to speak in a language your dog can understand."
together. I'd ask Sherlock, but he's not very open about that sort of thing."
" Sherlock said, his voice dropping to subsonic range in gathering desire.
The story begins when John moved in with Dad during half term so this was ages ago. Dad kept telling John that he was
"How old is she?" John asked in his broken, sad voice.
John clears his throat and his voice comes out in a rasp when he says, "Uh, I didn't need to know that. I mean, it's
seriously that John did not make Mum and Dad divorce he was just a CATALYST. (That means a person or event that quickly causes change or action to happen.) Mum is happy John and Dad live together now because she wants Dad to be happy because she loves him. She is just not IN LOVE with him. I asked what the
ignore him, because he can't allow himself to forget what drove him out here in the first place.
Mycroft looks a little pleased at John's outburst. "Nonsense, John," he says, his voice tinged with what John might say was fond amusement if he didn't know better. "Your last checkup showed you to be in excellent cardio health."
John's mouth falls open with indignance, and then he raises his eyebrows and says, "You'd better not or I'll put my elbow to more constructive use."
Sherlock snorts and rolls his eyes. "
John spent Sunday in bed all day, watching TV and sleeping. Since being summarily ejected from the brief but perfect life he'd shared with Sherlock, John's depression had almost disappeared, but it still came back occasionally to bite him in the arse. Today was one of those days. John didn't think he'd ever move past the hurt that was losing Sherlock, and didn't bother denying to himself that his offer of friendship to Sherlock wasn't given largely to keep some connection to him.
"I'm not
And then John was out the door, into the churchyard, where he broke into a full out run,
sound at each end of the word "—hard because you're picturing me
Two hours later, Sherlock had put the last of the sheets tainted with the evidence of his betrayal in the dryer. He had already folded and put away the rest in the linen closet. His dressing gown would have to be sent out for dry cleaning, although he suspected a good airing-out would be all it needed for John's nose to approve it as Audrey-free. Sherlock could smell it, though. Could smell
Sherlock nods solemnly then sits back in his chair and squares his shoulders. "Do you want a romantic and sexual relationship with me?" he asks with his characteristic bluntness. Nothing on his face suggests he has an emotional investment either way. In fact, his features are almost stern.
As soon as Sherlock was out of sight, John bent at the waist, choking back tears, his fist clenched against his stomach. He tried to breathe through the agony. He needed to get moving, to walk—that was it. If he stood here any longer he would crumple to the floor, he would fall the fuck apart and then Sherlock would want to fix him, like he'd fixed his limp, like he'd fixed his loneliness, like he'd fixed the whole fucking world for John, turning it from grey to color, flat to vibrant.
"No, I suppose not," Sherlock said thoughtfully in a quiet voice, looking at his and John's clasped hands.
I'm in love with you, there's no maybe about it. I realized that I couldn't spend the rest of my life alone on that ranch without you. So I decided to sell, but it took me a while to get rid of five hundred sheep and just as many acres of land. But, look, don't feel obligated, okay? If you don't feel the same, at least I'm living in London now and we can, you know, date or, uh, something."
so pleased to have you with us this Christmas."
"Ah, yes," Sherlock said and grimaced, looking over Louisa's shoulders to Audrey.
, we've been waiting—" begins Charysa imploringly, then Eurus jumps in with, "We've waited
"Probably. There's very little that gets past her."
Wanting to sit in a chair across from Will Holmes in front of a fire with a glass of whiskey in his hand, just like he often does with Sherlock. Wanting to feel comfortable tousling Charysa's hair and pulling on Eurus's ponytail and calling them
John can't help his gawping. There's only two ways Sherlock dresses—straight up formal (or as formal as one gets without putting on a tuxedo) or ratty t-shirts and pajama bottoms. The only times John's seen Sherlock dress casually is when he's in disguise, but he's not
bad because then I sound like a selfish, unforgiving arsehole."
in the face of very little evidence otherwise. If he walked up there and spoke to Dr. Watson in private, something
John shook Will's hand, red with embarrassment, and after being greeted so respectfully by both Sherlock's daughter and father, he wondered if Sherlock and Mycroft had had their manners surgically removed at some point.
"So, if you wanted into her lap, why were you kicking her, d'you think?"
"Oh, fuck," Sherlock said, jumping up and lunging towards his bedroom, groaning in dismay at his nudity. He surged into the bedroom, and pawed recklessly through his drawers unable to find even a pair of pajamas. He'd only managed to pull on a pair of pants when he heard Audrey's voice call out for him. "Sherlock?" and then she was standing at the door to his bedroom, her RP accent diamond sharp, and her grin amused and pleased. "Oh, darling, you dressed for my visit. How prescient."
or threatened to leave Clara if she didn't let it alone. But Harry never actually followed through. After Harry ended up in the A&E for alcohol poisoning, nearly dying, Clara had made it clear if Harry started drinking again, she would leave. The day after Harry fell off the wagon, Clara was gone.
offense to
good. You should try it sometime."
I'm marginally drunk when we sit down in front of the fire after dinner. Sherlock remarks on the fact that it's a genuine wood-burning fireplace rather than gas. I nod, full of food and drink and basking in the heat of the fire and Sherlock's company.
"He left?"
"Into what?" Sherrinford asks, her face screwed up with confusion.
John smiles and shakes his head. "Not bloody likely if Mycroft hasn't managed it yet." John takes the opportunity to spring his curiosity on Sherrinford. "Speaking of Mycroft, what's the deal between him and Sherlock?"
I had my hands pressed together, fingertips to fingertips, but quick as a striking snake, she had both hands gripped tightly in hers and was leaning over the table, her own face inches from mine, eyes pleading and fierce at once. "Do you know the phrase
John takes a deep breath and lets it out in fake disheartenment. "Pretty damning evidence, I'd say."
tears at such an awesome present. I used the stethoscope on John and said I can hear your heart and he said Oh yeah what's it saying and I said It's saying I love you and I was
He was hurt, of course, and even more so when, on a Friday halfway through the month, John told him he had to work a ten hour shift at the clinic the next day, and was going straight home (be which he meant the tiny attic flat he rented in Chiswick). Furthermore, he and Harry were having Sunday lunch with their aunt to celebrate her ninetieth birthday. (This was the aunt who'd moved in with them when their parents died). Then Monday, John had to work
What can I say to that except
John will be putting his fingers in my arsehole, which is designed for the expulsion of fecal matter, something that one does not wish to encounter when trying to get off with someone.
rain-laden over Glasgow and today
Instead I said, "Which part don't you understand?"
"You're trustworthy," John points out. "I know the sayings
The Holmes parents get in on the matchmaking action.
Out of nowhere, I felt tears prick my eyes at the tenderness and thoughtless trust behind the gesture. I kissed the top of his head, uncaring of the sweat-dampened hair.
John jerked his head up off his desk where he'd fallen asleep over his last patient's chart and the crumbs of the cheese croissant he'd had for lunch. Nadia was holding a manila chart and wincing in sympathy.
Eurus's face falls a bit when John fails to react with the amazement and gratitude she was clearly expecting. "Yeah, a dictation program. You know, 'cause you're a doctor? For, like, dictating your patient notes?"
seen either Holmes brother in a
Darrow's eyebrows climb into his hair and he takes a deep breath before correcting himself. "And
him, and that had turned what had been a boiling mix of hurt and anger into a kind of weary defeat.
But then Sherlock grinned. And
From the moment he met Sherlock Holmes, John couldn't stop the thrumming anticipation in his veins. Sherlock was a galvanizing force—being in his presence, John felt like he'd stepped into his
love with.
, I thought to myself.
Witness the above chapter count which has, predictably, gone up again.
"Leave her alone," John says, annoyed with Sherlock on her behalf. Sherlock looks stung and his steps slow so that he's trailing the group, looking like a kicked dog. John feels a pang of guilt.
Sherlock looked around John to see Sophia fast asleep in
however many minutes more of sun and serotonin.
"Not finished! Scenario number four—he's interested in BDSM
Sherlock smiled weakly and shook his head. When she reached up again to kiss him, he let her, the familiarity a comfort. He could not deny her pull on him. Kissing Audrey—having
Maybe Sherlock wasn't worried about how his family would appear to John, but how
"What?" Sherlock asked, at that moment having no particular thoughts on his mind.
Violet sighs and reaches over to ruffle his hair. Sherlock ducks his head, frowning. "It's okay," she says. "I know you're just excited."
"You," Sherlock says cryptically and then turns back to the window.
Audrey looked down at his attire and then back up at his face, raising her eyebrows wryly. "You don't seem busy right now, and I have the afternoon off."
I pulled him to me and pressed our lips together, lingering but not deepening the kiss. The slap I landed on his arse when we pulled apart made him yelp.
It was a simple kiss.
He nods his head with narrowed eyes and I have the feeling that his nod meant
"It's not that I won't enjoy you being there. I just prefer to keep my family life and my private life separate."
. I've swooped in and the flat is tidy, and you've gained a few pounds, and you smile, and your fucking hair's clean and gorgeous again, and it would be too easy to do something stupid. Never mind the fact that I would be taking advantage in the most morally reprehensible way, but it would just be the same mistake all over again, don't you see? And whatever happens after this—after you're
I laughed darkly, leaning up towards him. "Kiss me, then."
The street door was locked, and, of course, John no longer had a key so he rang the buzzer. It was at least a minute before Mrs. Hudson answered it. She looked tired, worn down, older than he remembered. She was so shocked to see him that she stood there for a few seconds with her mouth hanging open before she greeted him and ushered him inside.
"What's your earliest memory with your mother?"
Sherlock had never been shy about sex, whether looking for it or having it, not even during those first mortifying encounters at boarding school. His burgeoning ability to
"No, but. John, before he met you, our mother was his only confidante. They were very close. In the space of a month, he's lost two of the three people he loves most in the world."
Sherlock's only response was a barely there lift at the corner of his mouth, but his eyes looked less glassy, and the bleakness had gone. John took a deep breath, mentally rolling up his sleeves. He was ready to dive in.
When he kisses me, I'm both surprised and not surprised. One minute he's sat in one of the plush chairs in front of the fire, injured ankle propped on a cushion, the next he's bending over me, tilting my chin up.
"Good, good," John said without looking at him and then there was silence. John didn't seem to be looking at anything. His eyes were fixed down and to the side where a stack of his medical journals sat on the floor.
, please don't tell me he used that line on you! He's
surprised and then he said My heart is telling you that you love me or that I love you? and I said Both and he grabbed me in his arms and squeezed me really tight. I think he may have shed a
—I'd difficulty learning to read in school, so every day when she got home from work—she drove a two hour round trip commute to Imperial College London, so it was almost dark when she was home that night. It would've been in the fall, October or November, because Mycroft had gone away to school in August."
He's a stubborn one, my damsel in distress.
it, and BDSM was really one of those things you either
Around two in the morning—a full
John closes his eyes and draws a sharp breath through his nose when desire flares. When he opens his eyes it's to find Sherlock staring at him, his eyes glittering with curiosity. That's never good and inevitably means Sherlock will discover something about John that he didn't even know he wanted to hide. Sherlock's eyes narrow thoughtfully, and John thinks,
speaking. I'm married, uh, metaphorically. I already said that, didn't I? Sorry, I'm. To my work, that is. Married to my work. It hasn't, well, left much room for—
"Says the man who keeps his remaining family member at arm's length."
"There's not much else to tell, really. It worried me that she was being so, so—
Scenario number five—he's interested in BDSM
?). His brother, however regretfully, refused to give or lend him any money. He wasn't allowed in the East Surrey home, or the townhouse in London. Even Mycroft's door was barred to him.
Also, I will be updating every Thursday, but you get this chapter early. Yay!
"See? No reason to act like a blushing virgin," John says, eyes all smiles for about four seconds before his face pales and his eyes grow wide and he says, "Seriously, now, please tell me you're not—" and I quickly snap, "Of course I'm not a virgin, John."
John's smile was genuine but short-lived. He rubbed his face with both hands and then gestured at the bed. "I'm very tired, Sherlock. I just want to sleep for now." Sherlock stood up, moving out of the way so John could settle on his side of the bed. He took the spot Sherlock had just vacated and pulled off his shoes and socks then stood up and stripped down to his boxers. He got under the covers.
"I don't care about all that," John said, slashing his hand through the air. "I want to know—if I hadn't come home early from work, when would you have told me about her?"
"That's quite a non-sequitur," I say, raising my eyebrows. "Shouldn't we
"Dammit," John says quietly before lifting up his cum-covered hand and glaring at the mess. "You're a fool."
"Packing? Are we leaving?" John asks, thinking how ironic it is that last night he wanted to go and now the thought of going makes him sad, no matter how much he wants Sherlock all to himself.
in hallways or, or—"
"I love you," Sherlock whispered, his heart quick to usher the words out of his mouth before his brain could catch up. Only Sherlock would've been able to see the smile in John's eyes, the softening of his lips and jaw. John reached behind and cupped his hand around the back of Sherlock's head, then brought their foreheads together, and whispered, "I love you, too."
Sherlock undressed in the dark, and, naked, slid up behind John. He settled his hand on John's hip and when John didn't push him away, he gingerly scooted closer. Not as close as he wanted, but he was closer than he thought he'd get. He didn't plan on falling asleep, but at some point in the early morning, he could no longer fight his own fatigue. He woke up at nine, his heart pounding with anxiety. He was alone. With a feeling of rising dread, he looked into the wardrobe and found some of John's clothes missing. The same was true for the drawers where John's underwear, socks, and jeans were kept. Not all of John's clothes were gone, which gave Sherlock hope, however tenuous.
"The victim may have been involved in a BDSM practice called
"Ta," John mumbles automatically and goes to stand in front of the Keurig while it finishes with a gurgle. He pulls the milk out of the mini-fridge and splashes some in the cup.
His stomach was flat but soft. The muscles of his chest weren't overly pronounced, but his shoulders were broad for his height.
John scowled. Then, in a waterfall of words, "That is the last thing either of us needs to be thinking about, Sherlock. It's been a
"Two," Mycroft corrects.
there will be the winter moon for us to love the longest,
. They came anyway.
nervous," I say belligerently, frowning.
"Maybe," John said, blushing slightly.
Still, it takes me an unconscionably long time to force my sweaty hand to push down the door handle and leave my hotel room. My Grand Adventure is finally beginning.
to deal with some, some—
Then, I looked at his groin. He had a substantial foreskin from which his glans was just beginning to emerge, shiny and curious.
He's the wolf and the shepherd at the same time, and has been guiding me steadily towards our union from the moment earlier when I heard him clear his voice in what I thought was the empty sitting room. He has ravaged me all the while, first gently as I needed coaxing, but now all of that has fallen away, leaving behind only the wolf, a predator who never doubted he would bring down his prey.
"Oh, good heavens! Sorry to interrupt, boys! I was just bringing up the biscuits. Homemade, too, John, just so you know. None of that processed food you get from the Tesco's bakery."
a fool. And because he made a fool out of me, I told him Penny was an ugly cow with spots, that I hoped she broke his heart, and that I never wanted to speak to him again."
shirt when Sherlock guided them down together to sit on the edge of the bed. Sherlock began taking off his shoes and nodded at John, who took the hint and began to remove his own shoes and socks. They did it quietly, side by side. There was nothing sexy about it, nothing that drove their arousal higher. Instead, they glanced at each other, faces flushed with bashfulness more than lust, but they
"Yes. Always."
I laughed and thumbed off my phone, then laid it next to me. Despite the hostility, Oasis was the closest person I had to a friend after John. She was sixty-six years old and born in Mexico City, but ended up in London in the seventies when she followed a self-made guru who was going to bring the gospel of BDSM to the undersexed British nation. The guru lost her favor, but London did not. Half of the Doms I knew had learned under her tutelage. Despite the fact she'd seen her baby
"I'm just going to get a coffee, then," she said, stepping up to the machine. She fitted the pod in, and they stayed silent as the machine made its usual whirring sound before filling her mug. The smell of coffee curled up through the room and Sherlock took a deep breath. He liked coffee, but John liked tea and Sherlock had never seen a reason to drink anything else.
When all but two of them remained to introduce themselves, Watson glanced briefly at Sherlock before turning back to the woman who was standing to speak, and Sherlock felt his face grow hot. When the doctor did a subtle but obvious (to Sherlock, at least) double take, the heat in Sherlock’s face intensified. He covered his discomfiture by giving in to the urge—now bordering on need—to take his jacket off. He laid it neatly over the back of his chair and pushed down the temptation to roll up his cuffs.
John offers to carry the breakfast dishes to the kitchen and do the washing up. Sherlock jumps up to help, but when they get to the kitchen, it's obvious dishes aren't on his mind. He leans against the worktop and pulls John right up against him and then his lips are on John's in a kiss so scorching hot John's cock goes from flaccid to erect fast enough to disrupt his blood pressure. His fingertips go briefly numb and his ears ring.
"Ah, that's a shame, that is," John joked, grinning. "Now that you mention it, I'm already attached myself."
"Oh. Right," John said, blushing.
(Edinburgh: Polygon, 2016)
, he was a fucking wreck and he knew it was only going to get worse if he didn't do something about it soon.
phrase. It has to be at least seven words long for exact verification, but, pretty cool, huh?"
that Audrey had mentioned. He'd thought
John tries to say something but the words don't make it past his throat when Sherlock kisses him. John expects the kiss to be passionate or desperate, but it's gentle, almost chaste. Sherlock pulls back and looks at him with such aching tenderness that John feels like he might weep. "My John," Sherlock murmurs. "I want to kiss you a hundred thousand times—a thousand times every day for the rest of our lives. Happy Christmas."
"Unfortunately," I drawled, unsettled by her intensity.
When they walked in the flat door, Toby immediately jumped up. Sherlock, as always, was caught between the urge to fall on the floor and hug Toby to pieces, and the urge to turn his back to avoid being clawed to death. Toby had thus far managed to avoid all grooming attempts with an iron will and a wicked set of puppy dog eyes, so Sherlock had put off trimming his nails.
What if shooting Hope hadn't been a result of an inclination to protect
," John said again, quieter. "No, I don't—go away. Go—
"Are you
That didn't make it any harder to walk away, or any easier to forgive Sherlock his deception.
, is that truly what you believe your John will think?"
Charysa waves at John and calls, "See you at breakfast!"
"I do believe I warned you about the family Christmas dinners," Mycroft says to John with one perfectly arched eyebrow.
"Sorry," he muttered. "I've been busy."
"Later John!" Charysa calls over her shoulder and Eurus adds, "Yeah, what she said!"
When Sherlock's lips meet his, John lets himself go placid and loose, giving full control of the kiss to Sherlock.
find out and when he does, the exhilarating life they have together will be over. Why would a man single-mindedly devoted to his work, hateful towards the drives of his body, and derisive about sentiment—why would he suddenly change all that just because John's in love with him?
Sherlock peeled away from the kiss and hollered "Mrs. Hudson! John's going to take the upstairs bedroom after all!"
"She won't notice you've texted until hours from now, Sherlock. If you don't believe me, call her. Or call Sherrinford—she's at home for the holiday break."
Mrs. Hudson came out of her flat and handed John a warm plate wrapped in aluminum foil. He made a hum of pleasure at the smell. Mrs. Hudson patted him on the arm, and said softly, "Get him to eat something, will you, John? You could always entice him to eat. He's just—a few scones would do him a world of good." She turned to go, but then came back and gripped his arm, "And, uh, John—if you could convince him to let me up to tidy the flat, I'd be very grateful. He won't let me. Says I'm in his way." John frowned as he watched her retreat to her flat, and then he put his foot on the first step and climbed up towards the flat he still pictured when he thought the word
"Please do. So, it was dark, late at night, probably around ten in the evening when they found me. Mum scooped me up in her arms, cradling me, and she said I told her grumpily that she'd woken me up, and that waking people up when they were sleeping was very rude. I'm sure that was something I'd heard her say. Dad was always very solicitous with us, gentle where Mum was brusque, indulgent where Mum was strict, so I’m fairly certain I didn’t hear it from him.
"Besides," Sherlock added, head tilted playfully. "You're not my date, right? That's what you told Angelo."
I've never met! Do you honestly think I'd pass up an opportunity to see where you come from? To meet the people who were there when you were growing up? This is like
"Oh, I plan to," John purrs and plunges two fingers inside me, spreading them, rotating, not attempting at this point to seduce or arouse but to prepare, quickly and efficiently.
"I'm sorry, Finlay, but I do mean it."
time in bed. Sherlock’s attempts to ignore his body's desire to be with John, had only left John confused and hurt when Sherlock had turned down a second go the next morning.
"Dr. Watson," Sherlock growled, his eyes flashing. "You have made me break my only rule."
When Sherlock comes out of his room with his bag the next morning, he's wearing dark jeans and a silver-grey crew neck jumper. It takes a frown from Sherlock for John to realize he's staring.
, by which he'd meant
"There's something you need to know," I said quietly, and when I felt his cheek rasp against mine, pressing infinitesimally closer, I whispered, "I am in love with you," each word a soft exhalation that breezed across his ear.
and felt as though I'd betrayed my
His mother found him because she'd been looking for help moving some junk out of one of the spare rooms. She was going to turn it into an art room.  Sherlock had forgotten he'd promised to help her. He'd been hiding his desire to die pretty well, and once he'd had a plan, he'd actually become downright cheerful.
His eyes welled with tears, and Sherlock wiped them away with the heels of his hands. If anyone could help, it would be his mother. He finished his drink and went to pack for the trip south.
"Anyway  you were saying?" John asks roughly, right before he engulfs my entire ear in his hot, wet mouth.
Audrey smiled, one side of her mouth tilting up in understanding. She held out her hand. "I promise." They shook hands, and, after a moment, let go and moved on.
bought each other
Sherlock chuckled almost silently. "Yes, something like that. As for wanting a dog—I'd only had one dog who was
, he told himself.
. You must
. John's eyes were full of it—it raged and burned in his face and Sherlock knew that whether John stayed or not, Sherlock would never have anyone else like this. "If I stay—" John said finally, "forever means
"Are you interested in the stuff in there?"
As they walk back the way they came, a cold drizzle starts to fall. John and Will break into a jog. It only takes a few minutes for them to reach Pombley Way. When they walk in, shaking water off their coats, the house feels empty.
He was dragged to a series of parties, balls, galas, and weekend shooting events to be introduced to a variety of young women. It took a while for Sherlock to accept that his parents meant business. Mycroft wasn't required to marry because he was an important government official, weighted with political power.
"One thing at a time, remember?" John said with a sexy smile. Sherlock grumbled until John began undressing him, and he could no longer find anything to complain about.
There was almost no light in Sherlock's bedroom. One window looked onto the next house and Sherlock always kept the curtains drawn. The other window looked out onto Siddons Ln. and faced east, which meant the buildings opposite blocked almost all the sunlight coming in during the first part of the day. Now it was evening, and winter, and natural light was non-existent.
"Stunning," I whispered, my hand aching to lay into that gorgeous arse. John mightn't have been all the way erect, but
"Come on, let's move on to the next gift or this is going to take all day," Sherlock says, talking over everyone else. He gives Sherrinford a pointed look using his hands to motion
"John, please come back," Sherlock said, taking a step closer. Was there a double meaning to the words
When John showed up Tuesday afternoon a little earlier than what time he'd said he would, Sherlock was in the kitchen watching the kettle boil so he could make tea for the two of them. Sherlock looked up with a smile as John came into the kitchen, but his smile faded at the serious—almost severe—look on John's face.
Charysa elbows her and says, "That's not fair. If he says no, he sounds like a jerk, but if he says yes, it's like revealing his feelings and clearly he's not comfortable admitting he's got feelings for Sherlock."
Sherlock, chastened but indignant, muttered, "I
. "Oh, it's us!" Sherlock exclaims and holds it up, probably intending to show it around, but his movement disturbs the fake snow, obscuring the miniature tableau inside. Sherlock frowns. "Oh, that's annoying. You'll have to come here if you want a look because otherwise it's just going to be all snowy."
"Sherlock!" Violet chastises, but she laughs anyway.
Then he put all the letters together and it
"Nah. Fingers too short," he said and then—whether unconsciously or not—pushed back against me as though to say
I went to the
As expected, the skin began to blush. John hadn't made any noise yet, not that I was expecting him to. It was still too early for it to hurt. After the spanking area achieved a light pink, I began using a heavier hand which added the weight of the leather knob into which the flapper was sewn. That would create a deeper bruise.
Of course, Sherlock was torn between whether it was better to be pathetic—in which case John might start spending more time here again—or to look like he had his shit together—in which case, John might feel his duty done, and go away for good. There was another potential outcome, though. Once John saw that Sherlock was better, he'd tell Greg to let Sherlock go on cases. And once Sherlock went on cases, he could seduce John into coming along. And once he'd seduced John into coming along on cases, he might seduce John back into his bed. And then everything would be the way it was before except there would be no lies between them. A new start.
"Yes," Sherlock said, and something loosened in his chest, leaving him feeling safe for the first time in months.
"No, it's fine," John said, shaking his head. "I'm not making fun of you, I just—I mean, I learned to read when I was five. I figured you would be, like, three or something when you learned how to read."
"Oh, wow, they're
, or something like it.
. I didn't go to the club. Instead, I walked, ruminating over that late afternoon crime scene, and what had prompted me to think John might be interested in BDSM—both in general and with myself.
"While you took my clothes down to your utility room, I snooped around. Even if I hadn't already known within about fifteen minutes of meeting you that you weren't a serial killer, that quick snoop pretty much gave it away. This house is too personal, too lived in, too
, which means—"
This wanting terrifies John because now he has more to lose if everything between he and Sherlock falls apart. Right now, John feels like the glue that keeps them together is beginning to lose its grip.
ANYWAY, after John moved in with Dad I heard Mum tell Aunt Caroline that it was ABOUT TIME and she had worried for months that John would not forgive Dad for lying. When she got off the phone I asked what Dad lied about to John and Mum said: Well he did not tell John he was married to me (meaning Mum). I asked: Well what does that matter? and she said: Because Dad and John were boyfriends and you can't be boyfriends with someone if your
"And you were the only girl who was intelligent enough to have a conversation with?"
"Just give me your damn mobile," John said, grinning, feeling like he wasn't
She shakes off Sherlock's hand and
The possibility of love, in the way I wanted—
All he gets from Sherlock is a grunt, though he waits for a few seconds to see if Sherlock will say anything else. He doesn't. John rubs his hands together and, feeling awkward—not an unusual feeling around Sherlock—retreats quietly to his bedroom where he spends an embarrassing amount of time deciding what to wear during his stay.
—in frustration.
slowly
"Wait," Sherlock said, the word high and strained. John stopped and looked up at him, eyebrows bunched in confusion and—a little impatience if Sherlock was reading him right. Sherlock reached down and cupped his elbows, drawing him up off the floor.
Some ibuprofen might be in order. It would hurt for him to sit for a few days. Of course, that's exactly what I'd wanted. I
"Sherlock, you can't
—because I trusted completely in my skills of observation and deduction. All the evidence that my observations yielded led to the conclusion that Victor and I were lovers—not just sexual partners or best friends who have sex, but
John scoffed in disbelief, indignant as well. "Are you fucking kidding me? Do you honestly think I'm going to
Despite his complaints, I can see him smiling softly as he hangs up his jacket. He's wearing the cobalt blue cashmere cardigan I gave him at Christmas over a white knit button-down. (His other Christmas presents were a Donegal tweed cardie in the classic Irish style, a navy Paul Smith cable knit V-neck sweater, and a Corliani cashmere cable knit in plum, which does
. John had said,
criminal?"
"This is obviously a crime of passion, Lestrade," I said, gesturing at the corpse. "Multiple knife wounds, nothing stolen, no sexual assault, murder committed inside her home, door unlocked. So why am I here?"
"Whiskey for
He made a noise that sounded a lot like
the bashful grins, the implicit understanding—
"Single, lives alone, didn't show up to work yesterday," Greg said, consulting his Moleskin. "Her best friend hadn't been able to get ahold of her all weekend, so she came 'round and when the victim didn't answer the door, she tried the knob, found it open, came in, saw the body, phoned the police. The victim—name's, uh, Shelly Cleary—died sometime between late Friday night and early Saturday morning."
and make the love happen."
He nods his head, his smirk gone and begins to shiver almost violently.
"Yes, I know what it means," I said, staring at the corpse, mind racing.
he felt that way about me, I'd return those feelings."
"Fuck off," Sherlock snaps.
"Thank you," John says to Will and Violet, so touched by their words that he can't look them in the eyes for fear that he'll begin to bawl.
Before John can protest or ask for more details, she's turned away and moving down the hallway towards the stairs. He opens his mouth to beg off, but she cuts him off without even turning around. "And, no, you can't get out of it! We invited you to spend Christmas
"Force your hand about what?"
"John," Sherlock began, in his nicest
in enchantment.
Sherlock had only brought Toby along because he suffered from separation anxiety and Sherlock could not bear to leave him at home. At the time, it had only been two weeks since Sherlock had adopted him from the shelter. On a whim, he snagged a blanket from the evidence closet that belonged to the kidnapped girl and let Toby sniff it. After a frustrating few minutes of Toby smelling it from every possible angle, holding it down and flipping it over to the other side, then smelling that side as thoroughly as the other, Sherlock took him to a street near the flats, out of sight of the police.
"Where did you get these?" he asks, raising his head to stare in awe at the beaming faces around him. A thought occurs to him and he whips his head around to look at Mycroft. "You didn't—"
John shook his head and Sherlock's eyes burned hot and his throat closed up. He started to get out of bed, but John grabbed his arm and pulled him back. He was still shaking his head, but he was grinning—no,
"Oh, and I used the voice recognition software to program your computer so that Sherlock can't get past your lock screen. I'll help you set it up later, but basically you pick a phrase and then you tell the computer that it can't unlock the screen for any reason other than
perfect ring for Dad. I told him I would be HONORED to go see it. John said you must keep this a
Looking at Dr. Watson, he felt that same thing, the
John shed his trousers and pants as well and Sherlock, who had gotten under the covers, lifted them to invite John in.
Sherlock lets out a long-suffering sigh. "They just turned eighteen in October."
for someone to fit the bill, well—it was easier to tell myself I couldn't want it because I wouldn't have it.
"Only if Sherlock feels the same and I don't think he does."
"Stop interrupting me, you git," John said, his voice dripping with affection, and my toes curled with happiness to hear it.
, he said twenty minutes later, tears spent, held cradled in the shelter of John's arms, his short legs cupping Sherlock's thighs.
For example, the current tense silence—was it sexual tension or nervous tension? Now that John, like Sherlock, had the space to think about what happened and what would happen, was he realizing it was a bad idea?
, she'd copied it, camaraderie shining in her tired eyes. He'd whispered, face solemn,
"Whiskey," Sherlock says over his shoulder, his hand once again on the small of John's back, setting him on fire.
John closed his eyes and sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. "I will consider it if you promise not to contact me after this. And don't tell Sherlock we spoke."
"Mm," John mumbles, mouth full of the
When he looked back up, his eyes were immediately drawn to Dr. Watson, and found Watson watching him back. They both averted their eyes immediately, and Watson refocused his attention on the woman speaking. Sherlock took advantage and watched, with giddy delight, the sudden change in the doctor's easy posture. He crossed his arms, pulled his lips in over his teeth—his left leg began to jiggle and then—again—his eyes flicked to Sherlock's. This time they held each other's gaze. It was only a few seconds but it was enough to make it clear to Sherlock that the attraction was mutual. Sherlock took a deep breath and told himself sternly he was here for Toby, not to hook up for sex, but his prickly, too-hot skin suggested killing two birds with one stone.
"I think John's a man after my own heart," Violet says, laughing loudly. "Sherrinford, why don't you take Charysa and whoever else wants to go, while John and I stay here and work on getting supper together."
with him, and not knowing if I could have it was maddening. To make matters worse, my plan to go about this systematically so as to minimize fallout had begun to feel sterile.
"Oh," said Louisa, looking thoughtful. "I'm glad you came back from wherever you had to be, then. Dad needs a friend. It's a pleasure to meet you, John," she said and held out her hand.
, but before I could draw a breath, she had come around to my side of the table, smacked me upside the head, pointed to the door, and said, "Go
"He's not
"Yes?"
, John thinks.
"Who's Sherrinford?" John asks, his curiosity set on fire.
be ashamed to be your, uh—boyfriend? or—lover, maybe? Whatever you want to call it, I would be proud just like I'm proud to be your friend."
"I'm going to open you up with my lips and tongue until my spit is dripping onto your balls. By the time I'm three fingers deep, you'll be begging me to come."
) during that initial, shocking, meeting at Bart's how it would play out between them. After everything had fallen to shit, he wondered why Sherlock had allowed things to progress as they did. If John had known, would
engagement ring is a ring you give to someone when you ask them to marry you!!! DAD WAS GOING TO ASK JOHN TO MARRY HIM!!!!! That is
drawer and said come in and John put just his head in and asked if we would eat
"Please let me take you to bed," Sherlock asked, the words coming out on a groan.
The flat had always been cluttered, maybe slightly untidy depending on whether they had a case on, when house cleaning fell by the wayside. But it had never looked like
"Is there anything in that pile of stuff in the living room that you're interested in trying?"
suite
"This is what I get for letting my guard down. See? I told you there were things about me that were less than respectable."
juvenile?" Eurus asks the table in general then turns to face John and Sherlock, "When you two are as emotionally stunted  as twelve year old boys?"
Sherlock had practiced many times how, and where, and when he would explain Audrey Marie Havisham-Holmes to John. Words like
"I can guarantee," I purred. "That I can not only reach your prostate, but bring you to a blistering orgasm with nothing more than my tongue and my finger."
The silence goes on so long that John wonders if Sherlock's waiting for a prompt from him. Eventually, though, Sherlock sits back in his chair and breathes, and answers John's question.
"Up against flat doors?" John asked as he plowed his blunt, steady fingers into Sherlock's hair.
—on his face. Then he frowned, giving Sherlock a piercing once-over and said, "We need to get you cleaned up after we're done here," as he set the bags on the kitchen table.
But I didn't think so. After a year of living together, I was a John Watson expert. John was enjoying this. A quick glance at his crotch and his burgeoning erection confirmed it.
about a hundred times.
and happened to be married to Mycroft! You know that I tried chatting her up, I remember, because you had a right jolly laugh over it."
"Yes, really. Absolutely. Oh, before I forget. I love you, too."
of this shit, he immediately started planning for his death. He wasn't committing suicide—he was opting out of life. That's it. If life was a gift, he was telling the universe
to cull still shots of you and my brother from CCTV footage it should be obvious those photos have far superior resolution than what CCTV provides."
"Do the two of you ever actually communicate useful information to each other?"
"That's wonderful. Now, stop evading my question."
The other twin, Charysa, is wearing a paint-splattered smock over an ankle length skirt and what looks like a man's button up flannel shirt. Her hair is loose and her feet bare. She's wearing bright red lipstick and her eyes are lined with black which makes her stormy-blue eyes seem brighter than her twin sister's. She hugs John voraciously and says, in a sweet, almost gentle voice, "Welcome to Pombley Way. You are
"You're really going?" Sherlock asks John who nods. "But
cute!
, but
It took some time for all the Holmeses to file into their pews. There were a substantial number of them, but Sherlock had explained to him in a whisper that his mother had three younger brothers who had seven children, and six grandchildren among them. That explained the large number of dark-haired, long-limbed, well-bred and gorgeous people surrounding one short, weathered army doctor. It didn't worry him in the slightest to be a bit of coal surrounded by diamonds, though, because whenever Sherlock squeezed John's hand, or whenever they caught each other's eyes, he knew—that to Sherlock—John
, a stranger, in an attempt to get you two together instead of going to our brother?"
in the mood for sex after the satisfactory conclusion of a case, etc.
"Are you
"Sherlock?" Mrs. Hudson calls, pushing open the door and walking in. "You've got a visitor!"
With that, John throws himself down onto the sofa and spreads his arms along the back feeling oh-so-exultant. "How long will I be there?" he asks Mycroft.
"No, Sherlock," John said in a slow, heavy voice. "I'm not angry. Well, I am. Yes. But I'm too tired right now to be angry. I'm too tired to be anything except—
I turned on my side to face him and kissed his lips where they were smushed against the mattress. "Continue."
bodies and
"I'll tell you all about it when I'm no longer desperate to get you naked," John said while finishing the job of unfastening Sherlock's trousers. He grabbed both trousers and pants and pulled them off while scooting backwards.
"When they were sixteen, Sherlock and Victor had some kind of falling out. I'm not sure what happened, but we never saw Victor again. It devastated Sherlock and there was nobody here for him to talk to about it except Mum and Dad, but that was the same year Mum got pregnant with the twins. She was put on bedrest, so Dad was taking care of her all the time and there was Sherlock, going through this awful loss and nobody around to help him with it."
"Oh, well, good on you," Eurus mutters and sticks her tongue out at her sister, but there's no real venom in her voice. Sherrinford shoos the girls away.
. He found himself unable to stay away from John and sat beside him on the bed. Sherlock leaned against him slightly, just enough to invite John to lean against him as well. Miraculously, he did.
Of course not.
John sets his glass on the table beside him, and stands. He swaggers over to my chair, and uses his knees to knock my legs closed, then he climbs up on my chair, straddling my thighs. In this position, I have to look up at him, and I open and close my mouth like a fish, before choking out, "What are you doing?" even though I know perfectly well what he's doing.
and I immediately wanted to save him.
"Solicitors," Sherlock said and wrinkled his nose. "A trial separation is when two people who are married decide to live apart for a while because they think they might want a divorce, but they're not quite ready to take the step to start divorce proceedings."
Three months go by. We don't begin the shearing until the very end of March this year. It's too cold to do it any sooner. Like the last four years, Darrow—the sheep farmer next door—pool our resources (which mostly means workers) to get the shearing done. We shear my five hundred head of Cheviot in three days. Then it's my turn to go next door and help him with his.
She looks thoughtful. "It's true he's never lacked for casual relationships, but I think he's serious about you."
Will sits back in his chair with an air of satisfaction, an assured smile on his face. "That's good, John. That's very good and I'm damned glad to hear it. I reckon things between you and Sherlock will turn out all right after all."
, as though he was exposing more than he wanted. A sharp suit was one of the tools he used to solve cases—people were more likely to speak to someone who looked neat and confident than they would to someone who looked like they'd just rolled out of bed. Outside of work, he favored pajama bottoms, t-shirts, jeans and sneakers, and future classes would, presumably, include working with Toby, and Sherlock wasn't going to train him in a £500 suit. Tonight, though, he was glad he'd kept his suit on instead of opting for casual clothes.
"Th-th-th—"
But the idea of taking his thirty-eight year old self off to have sex with a twenty-four year old in the flat he shared with two other men in their early twenties, just made him feel dirty—and not in a good way. The idea of bringing the kid back
Which is why he hadn't come clean yet. When it was just
to me. I'll never let anyone else have you."
"Into boyfriends and all that—dating—relationship—stuff."
"Do you want me to—?" Audrey asked after a minute, gesturing at his lap.
everyone hug Dad and John got
Then John spreads my arse cheeks once again, and buries himself deep inside me, thrusting wildly, madly, rubbing over the same couple of inches, and my whole body feels wound up tight again, my dick still hard, and I realize that I'm going to orgasm again. The cool detachment of scientific curiosity flares briefly before being subsumed by our passionate lovemaking.
John groans in embarrassment and buries his face in his hands. "Sherlock," he hisses through his fingers. "For fuck's sake!"
Laughing, she shakes her head in mock-disapproval. Her eyes lose their focus for a moment, and, to John's dismay, her normally open face seeps regret. Then she begins to speak again.
Sherlock pokes his head into the sitting room but as soon as his eyes alight on John, he disappears again. John goes after him but by the time he's in the entryway, he realizes that he could search the house for the rest of the day and still easily miss Sherlock. There's too many ways to pass by each other without meeting.
"Out of curiosity, how many Holmeses are there?"
"I don't remember, actually. The whole thing had started because I'd lied to worm my way into her lap."
The thought makes John giggle to himself.
but I couldn't tell if it was meant as a challenge or simple defiance. I ignored it and started up again with the crop.
If there's one thing I know how to do, it's flirt. I break out my biggest shit-eating grin. "Let's break out a bottle or two of wine, I'll put something together for supper, and you can tell me all about the life of Sherlock Holmes. I
John sighed. He put one hand on his hip and rubbed the other on his forehead, looking down at his feet. This was one of his
One last thing. From now on, you can assume that when I say, "The chapter count will not go up again," that it's guaranteed that
him," she says flatly.
for God's sake. John rubbed his eyes and sighed, then said, "You have ten minutes." He limped into the kitchenette to do what he always did in these situations. He flipped on the kettle to make tea.
"They work together," Violet says, then frowns. "I'm surprised you haven't met her yet."
"I can get through this if you're with me."
They gather around the Christmas tree, Will and Violet sitting on a squashy couch near the tree, Mycroft perched on the coffee table, and everyone else sitting on the floor except for Sherrinford who kneels by the tree and starts dragging presents out, checking the tags, and organizing them, John assumes, according to name.
"So?" I asked, turning towards him with half a grin.
"How did you—" John starts to ask and then shakes his head. "Never mind." He pokes his head in further to get a glimpse of Sherlock who's glaring at his older brother while slouching down in the chair with an air of boredom. John rolls his eyes. These two, he knows, love to fight with each other, no matter how bored they pretend to be.
I hope you've enjoyed reading it as much as I've enjoyed writing it. The Holmeses and I wish you a very Happy Christmas!
John knocked when he got to the top of the stairs, not wanting to walk in as though he still lived there. He could smell old cigarette smoke even outside the door. Sherlock didn't open the door and John didn't hear his voice bellowing
"I'm not
"What are you mad about now? It's not like I said
and a bundle of knobby limbs with a long, black braid flying out behind as Louisa came crashing down the stairs and into his arms. She was the only thing he missed about this house.
"Yes," Sherrinford says dryly.
"Ah!" Sherlock says happily, grabbing the professionally wrapped box. When he tears the paper off, he holds a navy blue box with the name of the company on it—
. It makes me feel—"
detective and not actually employed by the Metropolitan Police.
I back out of the Wagon and slam the hatch door shut. The sleet has turned to ice. Winter in the highlands is dangerous in the best of circumstances.
"Fingers? Or, uh—or how many, um, men have had their fingers, you know, um—"
"Eurus!" Sherrinford snaps, giving her sister a quelling and wide-eyed look.
John, his face so full of emotion that Sherlock had difficulty sorting out what John was feeling. His eyebrows were turned down towards his nose, his mouth open and breathing hard, eyes squinting as though he might begin to cry.
Punishment to deter behavior was only a deterrent if you
"What about the second bedroom at the flat?" John asks, trying for cheeky so that Sherlock doesn't see through John's insecurity about what their arrangements will be like once they're back home. "Will we still need that one?"
Sherlock grinned proudly. Louisa took after him in looks and interests, though her personality was all Audrey—friendly, good-natured, and, thankfully, not prone to the black moods Sherlock suffered.
The story gets passed down to those at the other end of the table and they laugh, too, loud and jolly. John smiles, pleased, and breakfast passes without any of the dread that's been plaguing him since he was cornered by Eurus and Charysa on Saturday morning.
. John tried to slam the door, but Mycroft bullied his way in.
John eagerly does his bidding thinking nothing sounds better right now than a glass of whiskey and a seat by the fire with Sherlock's father. The Holmeses are growing on him, despite their inconvenient habit of sticking their noses into his personal life and Will has, so far, been the least pushy of the Holmeses.
full of shite!
"Girls," Sherrinford says authoritatively, but Sherlock's voice overrides all protests of or agreements to the prescribed course of action. "John and I are going upstairs and taking some time to get settled in, and all nosy little barbarians will stay away until we've come back down," he says, smacking each girl gently on the back of their heads. "Mum, can you send up some tea and sandwiches? We've not eaten yet today."
Sherlock, unaware of having crossed the remaining feet between them, planted both hands on the desk, trapping John between them and leaned forward. John licked his lips and reached forward to fist a hand in the fabric on each side of Sherlock's open coat, and tugged him more snugly between his legs.
"What?" John asks, frowning, his mind already getting dazed with lust.
John sat as stunned as if a hand had materialized out of thin air and slapped him in the face before disappearing again. "What?" he croaked.
laughing. We were all
"Yes. He's quite miserable, my baby brother. Heartbroken, in fact. So, I thought I'd come up here and ask how you plan to fix that."
Warning for awful sappy mushiness, which I actually kinda hate writing, but, you know. Louisa said, "Teddy! Teddy! Can I tell them what happened? Please, please, oh, pleeeeeez?" and I sighed and said, "Fine, but don't embarrass me. I'm a Very Serious Writer and focus my writing on Deep and Complicated Human Relationships." She said, "Yeah, yeah," and I instantly regretted giving her this chapter. But, you know. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Well that's funny, because I thought you and I were having Christmas together here at the
Sherlock's focus returned to the shower, when he felt John smack him with a bottle of shampoo. He looked down at John, his face momentarily slack as he tried to catch up with the plot.
When he was eighteen, he was legally an adult and responsible for making his own medical decisions. He ended his treatment with Dr. Llewellyn. He hadn't told his parents, he'd simply called the office, and told Dr. Llewellyn's secretary that he was done. Despite multiple phone calls from the doctor himself asking Sherlock to reconsider, or urging him to seek help elsewhere, Sherlock felt no remorse and never answered a single phone call.
"Three of them, actually," Mycroft says.
murder
for John, too, their time together captured in almost perfect detail in his mind, the vividness not having dimmed even in the aftermath of his mother's death. For the last three and a half months, it felt like John had died, too. Grief had infected his mind, grown, spread like an invasive species of plant that puts in roots so deep, you can never unearth it, never rid yourself of it, no matter how many times you cut it down.
In a soft voice, Sherlock said, "Yes, I remember you told me, when you took me to my mother's grave."
"Of course it's not a
"What's that, then?" John asks solemnly.
But if this is all I can have, I'm going to taste and enjoy and store away every moment of this one chance I've been given. After all, it has to last a lifetime. He's so beautiful, and I want to tell him, but I don't want to break the spell. We touch and kiss and shed our clothes, every brush of skin on skin feeling like the edges of two storm fronts skating against each other, electricity crackling between us.
Still, it's cowardice that prevents me from striding into the sitting room with confidence, and forces me to peek around the corner of the kitchen to see if John's around, but he's not. The flat is silent. I strain to hear if John's in his room, but there's nothing. Just the sounds of traffic and people outside. I try to ignore my disappointment. I meander sullenly through the kitchen. The shopping has been put away, and my scientific equipment has been neatly herded into separate piles. The washing up has been done, the dishes already dry where they sit on the drainboard. The gas is turned low in the fireplace—it hadn't been on when John came home.
Sherlock's father, John thinks, is an expert at explaining other people's motives to Sherlock.
Despite the warmth of his words, Sherlock's face remains rigid, and John's hope for a quick resolution seems more remote.
They grin at each other. John's too happy that Sherlock standing between his thighs is now a thing they do to be truly upset about the interruptions.
my head back, exposing more of my throat. Then his teeth close over the tendon to the left of my suprasternal divot, and he bites it hard enough for me to cry out—not words, just sound, my body instinctively twisting away. John holds me in place with his hands on my shoulders. They're strong for being so small, and I can only imagine the delicate way in which they would fit inside me, open my body up.
when the offense was committed. He knew that from the army and had more personal experience through his alcoholic sister, Harry, and her partner, Clara. Whenever Harry's drinking became more than she could bear, and begged Harry to stop, Harry would just tell Clara,
Mycroft and Anthea (
Sherlock stops several feet away and holds something out to John. His coat, he sees. He snatches it out of Sherlock's hands, puts it on, and steps back again.
, ah, relationships. Yes. So. Odd hours. Dangerous. Potential, uh—lovers get frustrated with that kind of thing."
from this painful unveiling of his heart, but then he turns back. "Not Sherlock, though, right? I mean, if he knew how I felt, he would say something. It's not like he minds his words or has any compunction about humiliating someone." The bitterness in John's voice surprises him.
"I would've told you, but you've been avoiding me since yesterday morning after you talked to Sherrinford!" Sherlock shouts, the note of appeal gone from his voice. "If you want to know why I told my mother it was a mistake to bring you here,
as that we both know what this is.
, by the way, who will be with the group tonight."
In my life, I've been damn good at letting go. I joined the army straight out of school because it was the only way to pay for my university education and medical degree. I became a doctor within the spartan framework of the military. In the army, you learn how to let go whether it's letting go of possessions or people or letting go of one home to move to another one. As a doctor, I learned to let go of patients when there was nothing else I could do for them. As a farmer, I learned to let go of the sheep I'd raised from birth when they had to go off to slaughter. Not only was I good at letting go, I was good at training myself not to want something I couldn't keep in the first place.
"Very well," Sherlock says with a sigh, straightening the cuffs of his shirt and smoothing down the front. "Try not to be gone too long or I'll be tempted to follow you up there and fuck you, Christmas and family time be damned."
"Nothing yet," John said, laughing, trying to slow Sherlock down. "We have time. We have plenty of time."
," John said with cold detachment. Under his anger was a burning relief at having something—someone—who connected him to Sherlock. He almost expected the deep voice and swinging dark coat of Sherlock's to come barreling in the door behind Mycroft.
, I suppose—never last more than a few weeks. Audrey knows about two of them. The other two she's never discovered and I never told her."
melodramatic. And possessive. And bossy. And has no respect for my privacy. In fact, he's nosy as hell but closes up if I try to find out anything about him." John shakes his head, the laughter fading as the ache of unrequited love creeps in.
His phone pinged, and he grabbed for it, hoping it was John, but his hopes were dashed against the rocky shore of reality.
Sherlock—the very idea of even threatening that made him feel a sudden clench of neediness that he didn't like feeling in himself. John, no matter how stubborn or independent he considered himself to be, was quickly recognizing the beginning of a codependent relationship. It boiled down to this—Sherlock could do whatever he wanted, and John would forgive him.
A day later John asked me to talk to HIM in private and Dad gave us a look but we went up to my room again and then John said he was buying Dad a ring for Christmas!!!! A RING!!!!!!!!!!!! John wanted to
"You all right? You're flushed, a bit sweaty, too," John said, breaking into my dangerous thoughts.
fat in the frosty sky among the sharpest stars,
"Shame on me for what?" Sherlock asks Eurus, pulling on her ponytail. She huffs and slaps his hand away.
were likely to be involved. The story went thus—Sherlock was born the younger of two sons. Mycroft, the elder, went into Government when Sherlock was still in boarding school. When his parents asked what Sherlock planned to do with his life, he could only describe his future profession as something vaguely
Finally, he thrusts his hand out. "Thank you," he says, those two words drowning in things he will never say to me.
I trotted downstairs for a hank of rope, and hesitated only a moment before darting into my room and grabbing the bottle of lube I kept in my bedside table. When I got back to John's room, I expected him to be sitting on the bed, but he was still kneeling. I kept my triumphant grin hidden. His eyes caught the lube as I pointedly set it down on the bedside table. I looked at him to see if he would remark on it, but he remained quiet.
He pushed the lid open so roughly it almost came crashing back down again. The fear I'd felt in the cab was winning by innumerable lengths. It was the only thing beating in my breast—fear at his rejection, at his anger, fear of the pain of a broken friendship.
This is the point at which my grand plan breaks down. The truth is, I
"These two silly creatures are my twin sisters Charysa and Eurus. Separately they're tolerable, but together they leave one feeling much the same way I imagine the citizens of Constantinople felt after the city was sacked by the Ottomans."
For Sherlock, kissing was the ultimate determiner of sexual attraction. He might like a man, find him attractive, want to go to bed with him and discover, when they kissed, that he felt entirely uninterested after all. He’d learned that he tended to think he was attracted to someone whose body or personality was made up of things that Sherlock found attractive in general, but that true sexual attraction often had no clear source Sherlock could determine. For instance, when Sherlock took in all the men he’d ever had any sexual interest in, whether it was consummated or not, he found a type emerging. He liked slight young men with large, dark eyes, artistic men who had a circle of friends who drank wine in their tiny student flats and had intelligent arguments about existentialism and pop culture and gossiped about each other and to each other in a lighthearted way that bonded them rather than tore them apart. He didn’t like dancers, actors, or singers, but loved men who sculpted, painted, or wrote, who had their own money and an honorable way to earn it. He didn’t like needy or whiny men or overtly gay men who called people
"You look edible," he said with a heated look and grabbed the back of my neck to pull me into a kiss. My lips didn't move, as though my body had already given itself to John, and even Geoff, who'd been my only sexual partner for almost a year, was being rejected.
There's nothing in the loo that might act as a rectal wash. I'm still fully dressed, and John will be coming down the stairs any minute now. I start for the kitchen when I hear John's footsteps on the back stairs and leap to lock the door to the hallway. The turning of the Victorian-era tumbler on that end of the loo coincides with John's step from the staircase onto the hallway floor where his footsteps are muted by the runner, and the
"John," Sherrinford says gently. "The two of you live together, work together, and are clearly the most important person in each other's life. If you're both attracted to each other and, and—
"Who's John?" Louisa asked, pushing her way through the group so she could see. "Oh, you're Dad's friend. Mum said you had to go somewhere else. Why are you holding Dad's hand?"
"You fucked her," John said, his voice breaking at the end. "In this bed, you fucked her. You stuffed your
and that what he and I had been doing was just
The first week went by quickly, and the closer they got to the end of it, the more anxious Sherlock became until one night, John turned off the TV, turned to Sherlock, and said, "Out with it."
He wordlessly indicated John should remove his shirt and watched as he did. When he saw the wound on John's shoulder, he reached forward to press his fingers against it, fascinated.
is why you must fix this. If you don't, the two of you will lose the very thing you've been worried about losing this whole time—your friendship."
." I smiled wickedly at him. "Or so I've been told."
Sherlock groaned deeply, eyes drifting shut. He widened his stance, rotating his hips and grinding his fat erection against John's welcome thigh. He gasped and spoke, voice raspy, "That should not be allowed
"Oh, I'm well aware of your version of playful. Basically, you bother people until they're forced to pay attention to you."
Sherlock sighs, and turns his face towards John. "It's five minutes walking distance from a tiny village which you will never have heard of." He turns back to face the window and John huffs through his nose.
sex yesterday?"
"John," Sherlock whispered. He opened his mouth to say something else, but John raised his hand to hit him, to punch whatever was going to come out of Sherlock's beautiful mouth right back in it, but he ended up holding his hand out in a
"No, thank you," he said, and sat in one of the two dark leather chairs that framed the heavily draped windows looking out onto the back garden.
have let it get like this. She had a key to the flat door, for God's sake, so how could Sherlock keep her from tidying up? Unless—well, unless he never left. John looked down at the scones and then set them on the only available space in the sitting room that looked clean—the seat of his old chair.
John gives her a look that says
"Hey," she said quietly and gave him a tight smile—a
"This was how long ago?" John asks.
I nodded my head and left.
, well that explains a lot, actually. You're like that with everyone else, so I figured you were just—"
"I look forward to it, darling. I'll expect a fully detailed account of why my baby boy sounds so sad as soon as you arrive," she said, the words
"Oh, no, the opposite. Always very protective of Sherlock, but he's a know-it-all—"
, even though that might not seem logical
John is true to his word—his tongue fucks into my hole, and saliva drips and drips onto my balls. My cock weeps madly while my lungs suck in great breaths only to blow them out in hoarse, high-pitched sounds, some of them words like
"Are you trying to sweet-talk me into letting you turn my bedroom into a so-called playroom?"
"I can promise you that I'll still love you, and that I won't stay angry for long," she said. It was the same thing she'd said his whole life, to him and Mycroft whenever they'd found themselves in the position of having to disclose something to her they really didn't want to.
"No, that was—" Mycroft began.
hadn't cleaned up added to his growing worry.
"Goddammit, Toby!" Sherlock growled as he and John stumbled against each other.
father were dead, twenty-five years ago this year, and he'd only seen his sister once after he got back to London. They hadn't spoken after that, except when she sent him a brief text letting him know she was moving back to Birmingham where they'd lived with their aunt after their parents had died.
Once he says he's ready and does a last safety check at my insistence with a sullen eye rolling, I go back to the Wagon and turn the winch back on, keeping the pull on slow. I'm wearing heavy duty, sheepskin-lined leather work gloves and I keep both hands on the winch line as it pulls him up. The harness itself isn't designed for human use—it's meant to fit around the belly of a sheep. For the lucky man or woman who's bringing the sheep up, there is a seat harness that looks a little like a leather jock strap. Some maneuvering is required on the part of whoever's in it to avoid being dragged flailing up the side like the sheep do when I use it on them, the daft buggers. Apparently
"Control all variables?"
. He'd thought he was getting so much better.
"God," Sherlock drawls—
up against flat doors?" he asked, thrusting his thigh between Sherlock's.
When he was anxious, on the other hand, he got dressed and left the flat, walking aimlessly around London, smoking until he couldn't stand the taste of his own mouth and felt dehydrated. Then he would stop wherever he was, and locate the nearest shop or restaurant so he could buy himself something to drink.
To fix our broken pieces one at a time
He had already lost twenty five percent of his blood volume when she found him. He was incarcerated (as he considered it) in a mental health facility under section two at his parents' request. Dr. Llewellyn, one doctor from A&E, and another psychiatrist saw to it that they got what they wanted. Sherlock spent seventy-two days wishing he'd gone out to that tree earlier in the day.
That gets John's defenses up. "Why do
All I could do was offer a quiet apology, and while Geoff and I stared at each other, both knowing our relationship had just come to an abrupt end, Oasis broke in again.
John wasn't expecting the Sherlock who stopped in front of him. This Sherlock was dressed just as sharply as John's Sherlock, but there were wrinkles in his shirt and trousers. The thin skin under his eyes were as purple as bruises, and there were shadows under his cheekbones. He'd lost weight—too much weight.
"Do you trust me?" I asked softly.
Sherlock lets out a sound somewhere between a groan and a growl, and all restraint flees. John always pictured Sherlock as being sexually aggressive and all those imaginings—the fantasies that fill his own wank bank—they shudder apart under the onslaught of reality.
"John?" Sherlock asked weakly.
"No! Do
John rolls his eyes. "Mycroft and Sherlock are about as forthcoming as, as—"
, Sherlock's mouth is covering his in a kiss.
John nodded his acquiescence, eyebrows raised, but didn't open the door any wider to let her in.
"Wow," he says, flushing pleasantly. "This is—wow, you guys. You didn't have to."
"John, these are my parents, Violet and Will Holmes," Sherlock says with calm authority.
weird words all the way around the ring written in VERY VERY SMALL print. John told me they were ELEMENTS and if you looked them up on the PERIODIC TABLE
I'm sorry these chapters are so small but I'm trying to keep everything in my life manageable by committing to smaller commitments of my time and energy. My emotional and physical health has been sorely tried the past 5 months, but I really love writing these stories and sharing them with you. So, you are stuck with shorter chapters, but the trade off is that I'm less likely to rush the ending!
Instead, John's plagued with the ache to have his hands on Sherlock's body. One kiss, however bone-melting, can never be enough now that he's had a taste. Every time he looks at Sherlock, John feels a pulse of warmth that starts right in the middle of his body and spreads from chest and gut to groin, limbs, fingertips. Several times they're caught giving each other loaded glances when they don't respond to a question or comment directed at them. This results in the rest of the party sharing knowing looks with each other.
"Mum says breakfast is at—" Charysa begins to recite.
"Yes, just terrible to meet under these circumstances, don't you think?" Agnes remarked, sharing another look with her sister, this one unreadable.
"No," John said with the kind of authority that brooked no argument. "I am absolutely
The response didn't come until right before John went to bed.
"No," John says harshly, horrified to hear his voice crack on the word. Despite now wearing his coat, a chill bone deep has invaded John, and he begins to shiver. "No, I can't, Sherlock."
against the coffee table and Sherlock wondered if it was childish to be jealous of his dog.
to introduce us to you, but I can't believe he brought you home for Christmas! That's, like,
terrifying things that should have stayed hidden.
Apparently, I had big chunks of this story, including this very dirty chapter, already written in October but it was lost in a parallel Dropbox universe in which it resided in the "Home" folder, rather than the "fanfic" folder, and I stumbled upon it last week when attempting to work on our tax return.
"Let's get our coats off and then I'll make us some chocolate so we can sit down and talk."
Therefore, I will stop telling you I'll post anything at any given period of time, when I'm not completely sure that I'll really be able to post the thing when I say I'll post the thing. Better?
"No. I ended it Tuesday night, when I realized that my feelings for you could no longer be—contained."
"Any of them.
Sherlock was more embarrassed than he thought he would be. Now that John was here, Toby's enthusiastic greeting seemed like proof of Sherlock's incompetence as a dog owner and a mark against Toby himself.
"Are you kidding me? Three sisters and at least one parent?"
"Jimmy Dawson'll give us a ride back if it does," Eurus says. When John glances at her, he sees her blushing, which means Sherlock doesn't miss it either.
—looked straight at Sherlock and said, in a flat clipped voice, "I'll expect you tomorrow. I'll leave Louisa with my mother, and we can talk."
buried in it. Your fingers and your cock, too, I bet."
Out of the twenty-five words John spoke before disembarking from my lap, only three of them registered as important to me at the time:
Then I reached for the crop and gripped it in my hand. I laid my hand on his shoulder, and he flinched. "Easy," I soothed, as I slid my hand from his shoulder down along his flank, to his lower back and finally over his buttocks.
"Speaking of pom—your sister—Charysa?—said something about Pom-something. What did she mean?"
"Yes. Well, I suppose I'll just come straight out and say it, and if you think I'm a loony, you can just send me packing. In March, I had a nervous breakdown in my neighbor's shearing shed. Bit embarrassing, that, and, well—more than a bit embarrassing, actually. I couldn't do it anymore, you see. Letting go of everything, that is. By the way, Mrs. Hudson went downstairs to get biscuits in case you were wondering why I'm making three cups of tea when there's only two of us."
Deeper in the flat, I hear footsteps and then Sherlock rounds the edge of the wall, yawning and scratching his balls, his hair a wild mess. He's wearing a dressing gown but it's not belted and there's nothing on beneath it.
Pater—I dont even know what that means
"Oh, please, you walked right into that one," Mycroft says smugly and fights back a smile. Then he turns to John. "I'm glad you've chosen to accept. I'll let my parents know at once. The car will be here at nine. Good day, gentlemen."
didn't get a moment to myself. After we
John had not replied. Sherlock breezed into the flat thirty minutes later in triumphant good humor, the usual predatory gleam in his eyes that meant he was going to fuck John into a stupor. John had said
to you," John yells, rage making his ears ring. "Because it's never a
"Yeah, well," he croaks, clears his throat, and in a voice more like his own, says, solemnly, "Well, don't expect that every time," which strikes me as hilarious—my stomach clenches with laughter and John frowns, and says, "No, seriously, we'd die if we kept this up every night," and I laugh even harder, tears streaming from my eyes, and gradually, John's face loosens up despite his best efforts and he chuckles along with me.
Sherrinford's voice breaks a little on the last word. "For me—and for Mycroft as well, I believe—Sherlock will
"I'll deal with that ankle when we get to my house. Are you good to go?"
try to sleep with her. "Sorry for all the fuss, but we really
and lines of old songs we can’t remember
"I don't know. I can't ever tell. Sometimes I think—"
John clears his throat and lets out a harsh breath. "Yeah, that's, that's—yeah." John nods his head. "Yes, I do. I do want that."
Face flushing painfully hot, I remove myself to the loo and search frantically for the items necessary to clean myself out, only I've not had sex in my own flat since John moved in here, save for once or twice in the beginning, when I could sneak someone in and out with John none the wiser. Since then, I have indulged, but never here, and obviously condoms were involved which keeps semen in and other—
of the story to change the name of the family home.
Sherlock had grudgingly paid the astronomical fee of £3,000, but paid it all the same. It wasn’t the cost that bothered him. It was the idea that anyone would think that Toby was not already the most amazing, intelligent, brilliant, talented dog in all the world, especially after he proved it by helping Sherlock solve a kidnapping. In fact, Toby had been significantly more helpful on that case than most of the officers assigned to it, but Sherlock wisely kept those feelings to himself.
Sherlock grabbed onto the lifeline her recognition gave him, and he sagged slightly in relief before gathering himself together. Shoulders back, chin up, he gave a brief but elegant explanation of what he did and why he was there. After he'd sat down, the woman who'd recognized him opened her mouth to speak, but Dr. Watson broke in before she could say more than a few words.
At the touch of my hand on his arse, he made a noise that was half-sigh and half-moan, and rocked back against my hand. Then, abruptly, he stilled.
John shakes his head vigorously, "No, no—Sherlock, I would
John's breathing quickened, but he was still making no sounds that he was in discomfort. When I heard him suck in a few gasps, I paused, then smoothed my left hand over his rear to gauge the temperature. His skin was beginning to warm up.
The church was in a residential neighborhood. John couldn't remember which direction he'd come on his way to the church, though he knew he could probably remember if he wasn't panicking. Up ahead he saw a bus stop and sagged in relief, slowing to a walk. He didn't care where the bus took him, so long as it was
Toby jumped up on the sofa and began to push his head between them, but John turned his face towards Toby and said in a voice that was quiet but authoritative, "No." He said nothing else, but kept his face turned towards Toby. He didn't look disapproving, just—determined for his will to overcome Toby's will.
"Indeed," Audrey said.
There's lots of smut in Chapter 4 so, you know. Enjoy!
With women, he always has to take the lead—they
First, John could see that Sherlock had lost at least a stone. As a doctor, John knew that if Sherlock's weight loss had only been a result of his mother's death he wouldn't have lost
"Tomorrow morning?"
The driver pulls up in front of the porticoed front door before John's able to register much more than three stories of red sandstone, a dark slate mansard roof, and two huge chimneys reaching up to the pearl grey sky.
utterly
I'd known that John was loyal and had a strong sense of duty since the moment we'd met. He appeared to have a hard line on what was right and wrong, but actually possessed a dubious morality that had allowed him to shoot a cabby who posed no actual fatal threat to my person, but who
"You were magnificent," I gush, rubbing my sweaty cheek up against his, and then, gently admonishing, I murmur, "And you were worried I would get bored. Such an idiot."
Sherlock does a little shimmy with his shoulders, an unconscious motion of smug delight, that has laughter bubbling up from John's belly and doubling him over. "Oh my God that's the most adorable thing I've ever seen you do!" John shrieks, still laughing.
didn't fit. So I DEDUCED it was a present for John. When Dad got home from wherever he was I told him I needed to talk to him in private and I could see John's feelings were hurt because he is the one I
"What did she say to that?" John asked, absentmindedly running his thumb over Sherlock's knuckles.
Once they were in the cab, a tense silence enveloped them and it was compounded by the fact that the cabbie kept trying to start a conversation with them. Before getting in  Sherlock had a very clear picture of what he wanted to do when they got to his flat and that was to divest John of his clothes as quickly as possible and then slowly bring him to a fervid and mind-blowing orgasm.
