He repeats this a few times, Miracle in and out of the water, Dean’s throwing arm getting used to the specific flick of the wrist it takes to make the ball sail the furthest. Miracle’s swimming for a particularly good throw when Cas touches Dean’s arm.
“And would you stop feeding your dog table scraps? He’s learning enough bad habits from you as it is.” Sam accompanies this statement with a patented bitch face that makes Dean roll his eyes.
“Better break in this ball launcher, huh Cas?” Dean asks once they arrive and get settled at the Airbnb. Cas nods, still looking a little shell-shocked as he wanders around what is their home for the next few days.
“Dude, do you or Cas even own swim trunks?” Sam asks.
“Sounds great,” Dean said. “He’ll love it, I’m sure. Thanks.”
“I dunno. I’m gonna start taking him to dog parks just to use this thing,” Dean says, grinning along with Cas. Miracle runs back to them and drops the ball expectantly in front of Dean. He slots it back into the launcher and throws it again, this time hitting the surf as the tide comes in.
Cas rolls his eyes and Dean’s glad to get Cas out of his own head.
“Where would we possibly use this at home, Dean?” Cas says, a smile on his lips.
“Jesus,” he says as Miracle gives chase. “Well that’s gotta be the best five bucks you ever spent, man. Why have we not gotten one of these before now?”
The moment’s broken by Miracle depositing the ball on Dean’s foot, and they break apart, foreheads pressed together.
“I’m sure you have.”
Dean aims at the ocean in front of them and flicks the ball out of the toy and holy crap does it fly.
“Life’s easy, with you,” Dean says, and for the first time in his life he actually means it. The waves break ahead of them, white noise in the background, and Dean is happy.
“Better than me, definitely,” Cas mutters.
They’re a few hours into their travel before they pull into a gas station for fuel and sustenance. Dean fuels up the Impala and sends Cas in to get the food and pay. He has the car idling by the time Cas returns, his arms full of cheap snacks that Dean knows they’re getting too old to be eating. Dean notices an extra item in Cas’ pile of goods.
Cas hums his affirmation and Miracle doesn’t need telling twice. Dean opens the sliding door leading to the ocean, and yeah, the listing didn’t lie. They’re on the beach in an instant. They don’t even bother putting shoes on, and Dean thinks he could get used to the feeling of sand between his toes, sea air on his tongue. He could definitely get used to the way Cas smiles at him, the light wind tousling his hair even more usual.
“Nor from me,” Cas says faintly, levelling a small smile at Dean. Dean realises, somewhat belatedly, that he hasn’t actually discussed his plan with Cas in advance.
, and there was nothing to be done about it. I had no expectation that this absurd dream notation would turn into some sort of handwritten therapy session, but there you have it. As I’ve said before, the writer and the writing are definitely linked, even if they don’t know it.
“Aw, man, great song choice,” Dean’s voice called. Castiel’s playlist, largely made up of Motown soul, had just rolled over to Ray Charles’ “Georgia on my Mind”. When Dean spoke again, he was closer, right up against the screen door. “Mind if I join you? I brought cupcakes.”
A day where togetherness is the gift most tender.
Here’s the problem: your offer is so unbelievably generous—so sweet, so thoughtful, such an incredible honor. I am truly and deeply flattered that you consider my work worthy even of reading, let alone funding. To have a fan out there in the world, especially one as worldly as yourself, is something of an inspiration— a boost not only to my ego, but to my creative life, my drive to work, my stamina. I feel utterly blessed to have you out there supporting me. It’s like having family, but also perhaps more, as you found and follow me by choice rather than blind loyalty. To me, at least, that means more than I can say.
“Oh yeah?” There was amusement in Dean’s voice as he spun them around the floor. “That sounds ominous.”
Then he nearly passed out when he realized the startled face staring at him from where the door had been was none other than Charlie Bradbury.
All that is a rather long-winded way of admitting that I was almost a complete novice when I first attempted to use this new device shortly after completing my last letter to you. It was just different enough from working on a laptop as to throw me for a moment before Jo and Ash took pity and started walking me through the basics.
“Look. I can’t expect you to forgive me for the months of lies. You have every right to hate my fucking guts. I do too, most days. I was gonna tell you all of this tomorrow, ‘cause I couldn’t stand it anymore and Charlie read me the riot act about stringing you along now that the scholarship is over.”
“Especially now, actually,” Castiel corrected, with a small smile. “Archangel funded the project, but you actually inspired it.”
Hoping to spare them all a weepy scene, Cas interjected, “Care to dance, Dean?”
“And sent me more flowers?”
The smile that spread across Dean’s face then was utterly mesmerizing. He held Castiel close as he righted his world.
“And have you come back with Cool Whip and Kraft slices? No thank you.” Ellen winked at Cas as she opened the front door. “Come on, you two.”
For one thing, he does not share Bela’s British dialectical tendencies. We learned over the course of the lunch that he grew up here in Michigan, though largely down state in recent years, and only became aware of Bela’s arm of the family tree several years ago. For all Bela’s griping about having to accept Dean’s invitation, the cousins proved to have a quietly amiable relationship. It’s clear they are largely incongruous people, but their banter was far more playful than antagonistic, a battle of wits almost Wildean in tone. Dean is clearly quite sharp, and though his focus is more scientific than literary, he kept up with our little group’s discourse like a professional.
The barn itself had been impressively transformed, with high top tables sprinkled around the perimeter, marking out where a dance floor could develop later on. Lights twinkled in strings along the ceiling, and flowers dotted the space, arranged in pots, hanging in braided garland, even set in sconce-like wall fixtures. The guests spilled through the room and out onto the lawn in groups, free to bring their food to the picnic tables or rug-covered hay bales to eat and mingle. Some pulled chairs over from where the ceremony had been to create little circles of their own, and Cas even spotted a group of teenagers who had pilfered one of the rugs to setup a picnic down in view of the beach.
Ordinarily, in an effort to establish casual discourse, I would take a stab at first names, but that feels unspeakably rude. We have not met, and I have been led to believe that I should never expect to meet you, or even receive return correspondence. (As we have already established, though, I possess an immense quantity of hope, and as such will keep my fingers crossed for a change of heart on that score, someday.) “Michael” is unacceptable, let alone “Mike” or some other business-casual derivative. Even I, impetuous youth though I may be, would not presume quite that much. So? Is there something else I can call you?
“Good to know we’re on the same page, then.”
Dean rolled his eyes, jumping in before Cas had even gotten the last word all the way out. “You were a low-key genius and a track star. You managed to be smart and talented without being an asshole. That’s one hell of a feat in the hell of high school, and it was cool as fuck.”
Cas feels his head tilt, his usual confusion response winning out over the vague dread that had been forming in his gut.
So, here’s what we know as of today: there is a “final project”, but it’s not to be graded as a complete work. A guest professor will visit next month to meet us, then she will return at the start of the Spring/Summer semester to give us each our project parameters. Apparently, this professor, one Dr. Jody Mills, will read a bunch of our work and craft instructions, one by one, specifically designing the parameters of the projects to push each of us, personally, in an area where we could use the nudge. I’m very intrigued, to tell you the truth. It’s always daunting to have someone survey your work (both finished and unfinished) and pass a judgement, however well intentioned. But somehow this setup isn’t scaring me as much as it might have before starting at the Garden. The goal is to take risks, try things, push boundaries, and any judgement comes not with condemnations but with opportunities. I can’t wait to see what Professor Mills crafts for me. Should make for a fascinating summer!
Until they come across a strange wandering orphan who is convinced that he is an Angel of the Lord.
Shortly after that fateful poetry reading, I made the mistake of mentioning to Bela that I only owned a single suit, originally purchased off the rack at Kohls, which she proclaimed a “cardinal sin, given the beauty of my physique”. She then teamed up with Meg and Krissy to kidnap me a few weeks ago, and we took a little trip to Gaylord to not only shop for 3 new suits, but then to visit a tailor’s shop as well to have them personally fitted. It was quite a day, let me tell you. And I never thought I’d say this, being largely uninterested in fashion, but when I stepped in front of the mirror in a freshly tailored suit for the first time, I felt rather exceptional. All the ladies were quick to tell me I looked “sharp” (and even “hotter than hell”, in Meg’s case), but more even than that I felt very adult. Even “normal” in a way I never truly achieved in my early life. Something about striding out of the fitting room in a three-piece suit made the future I face, full of publishers and backers and possibly even press interaction, seem much more achievable. Silly, of course – clothes cannot manufacture success, I’m perfectly aware. But I found I could draw a measure of strength from the well-shaped fabric, and I imagine I’ll need that strength as I continue on my way in the autumn.
Dear Mr. Smith,
It’s not normal, I tell you.
Dean nodded slowly, not yet looking at Castiel. “I kinda hated that week when Balthazar was here, too.”
That is not to say that I plan to stop writing to you, of course. I fully understand the guidelines of my scholarship, and have no intention of shirking them, as I am truly grateful for your generosity. I do not wish to sound churlish in my explanation today. You have utterly changed my life, giving me a view down a path I have long dreamed of treading. But, from today, I intend to show my gratitude with reports of my work, rather than rambling descriptions of an inner life unrelated to your world. This seems more appropriate, anyway, I suppose.
Mary tilted her head, eyebrows raised in the unmistakable expression of a mother who is beyond done with her children’s bullshit. “What is going on, Dean? Where is Lisa?”
The alarm that wakes him the next morning is not the alarm he set. Sure, it’s at the right time, but it’s not beeping. It’s music. And it’s not the usual classic rock station. It sounds a little like Enya, though he doesn’t think it actually is.
“And a…skydiving instructor?”
Pursing her lips, Mary rubbed at her temples. “Alright, alright, fine. I hate this, but you’re not entirely wrong.” The admission looked like it cost her, and she quickly pointed her finger at Dean to add, “Doesn’t mean I’m done being mad.”
You are so unbelievably sweet to think of me in this way! I know how you detest thanks, but I cannot contain my gratitude at this offer. As you recommended, I have exchanged emails with Mrs. Harvelle, and she has agreed to let me stay in the available room in exchange for my help in the restaurant during my tenure. I honed my skill for washing dishes quite well in my time on Angel Farm, and I was quick to offer my services to this kind person who is willing to give me a place to stay in my time of need. I shall not require a car this time, as Meg has agreed to drop me off in East Jordan on her way down to Lansing and pick me up again upon her return, but I do appreciate your kind offer to handle the arrangements.
Cas’s head now seemed to be doing the same bobble head thing, only going from side to side. “I mean, I always assumed she could just tell.” Then, quietly, he looked down at his hands and admitted, “I thought perhaps that was why you initially pulled away. Because you or Lisa could tell I was jealous, and it was making you uncomfortable.”
June 26, 2017
Oblivious to Cas’s uncertainty, Mary nudged his shoulder with her own, smiling conspiratorially. “Just like old times, huh?”
So, thank you, I guess, for your ABSURD generosity. Know that I fully intend to pay you back for this with my first book advance, and no amount of fake “Return to Sender” messages will deter me. I will get in my new (refurbished-by-Bobby) Continental and drive to your home, if I must. I will hide the money in a flower pot on your front porch. I will duct tape it to your front door. I will find a way, whatever it takes!
By the time everyone had settled in around the bonfire for burgers and biscuits, Cas had to admit that it was the most enjoyable bachelor party he had ever witnessed. He had only been to a couple of weddings before, for various college friends, and all of them had opted for the “traditional” American bachelor mess of booze soaked evenings full of overly loud dance music. But Sam had been in recovery since his sophomore year of college, and Jess had quit drinking somewhere along the way as well, so neither really fancied that sort of graceless debauchery any more. They had decided to forego the odd, antiquated tradition all together in favor of this combined pre-wedding cookout, and Cas could not have been more thrilled. Even as the ghosts of bonfires past swirled by in the wind, he couldn’t seem to stop smiling. Addison was chasing Ash and Garth around the yard, Jess’s younger sister Laurie was whipping up unbelievable mock-tails, John seemed to be explaining combustion engines to Ellie’s husband, and the world felt utterly settled.
Cas nodded, hoping to ease Dean’s worry with acceptance. “What about work?”
The White Album. Nice. That should be safe.
“Sweet dreams, Cas,” came the response as Dean tiptoed down the hall toward the bathroom.
“I have a confession to make.”
Jo snorted and stood up from her perch next to Charlie. “Well since Mr. Snark over there is currently being used as a mattress, I’ll get the damn guitar.” She edged around the fire and held her hand out to Dean, apparently expecting him to hand over the keys.
“It’s not a problem,” Cas assured her, standing back up to address the woman.
Dean nodded a few times, then seemed to steel himself. When he finally spoke, his voice had lowered slightly. “And how’s, uh, Meg?”
And so, Archangel, I bid you farewell for now. I hope, wherever you plan to spend your holiday season, it is free of awkward silent meals at long empty tables. Or, at least, that the image of me dining just this way like Disney’s Belle will make you smile once or twice.
Castiel began to lean back, happy to offer the brothers some privacy, but Dean wasn’t having it. He pulled Castiel close, near enough to hear the conversation, and gripped him tight for support.
That sent Dean’s eyes very wide. “Really?”
“Shit.”
“No, I am,” Dean disagreed, still concentrating hard. “It’ll be nice to be back with Mom and Dad for a bit on my own, you know? I haven’t been there without Lisa in ages.”
Speaking of which, I’m sure you’re much more interested in my studies than in tales of adult slumber parties. Well, I assure you, writing is continuing to go quite well. I started to feel myself slowing down on generating new ideas after my illness last month, so I started going back over bits and pieces of concepts scrawled on notebook corners during class and bits of napkin in the middle of the night. It turned into a mesmerizing little puzzle, combining ideas and pairing characters with conflicts until I had built the foundations of three distinct stories. I’m not at all sure where any of them are going just yet, or if they will even amount to much at all, but it is fun to fit bits of thought into a sort of story cloud. Pamela has been especially engaged with this process, as she loves big radical ideas. “The more ridiculous the better,” she always says, “that’s where you start. Then carve it all down and see what statue lives inside.” She’s quite something when she gets in full flow about the creative process, and I’m hopeful giving her methods a try will push me outside even my own expectations.
Cas wound down the drive as excitement began to build. He could see familiar cars up ahead, parked along the trees at the far corner of the sprawling lawn. The house sat in the very center of a large forest clearing, three stories and sloping pointed roof rising nearly to the tops of the trees. The open porch looked out over the long stretch of green toward a break in the trees where a portrait of pebbled beach kissed the lake's edge, a magnificent sight, especially at sunset. Cas had spent many a sunny day exploring this property and its surrounding woods with Jo Harvelle and the Winchester boys, building makeshift forts and organizing improvised games of soccer and baseball in the back forty. One particularly wet summer, the kids had even staged a small play, setting the adults down in the barn to watch them all enact a spoof version of Star Wars to general hilarity. Cas wondered idly if Ellen or Mary still had that video of that performance floating around somewhere - it would be highly entertaining to wrangle Sam's lawyer friends during the festivities this weekend to show them all his teen attempt at a Jar Jar Binks impression.
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean replied. Then, with a visible breath, he very deliberately met Castiel’s eyes, and confessed. “Millie Greenwalt was my grandma.”
My dear benefactor,
It wasn’t Dean’s wedding, of course. Thank goodness. Though, it was probably only a matter of time on that front as well. Dean had settled down in Florida with Lisa about 5 years ago, and had never given any hint of looking back. He was happy with her, that had been clear since the two first connected in college, at least as far as Cas could tell. It seemed the once wild boy was settling down to a sensible adult life much sooner than any of the family had anticipated, complete with marriage and mortgage. It sounded distressingly idyllic.
When I started writing this note, I was all set to send the phone right back to you again. But I was interrupted only a sentence and a half ago. Jo popped into my booth because Dean was on the phone, and she handed the call off to me (just like that! With no warning!! I’ve met this man ONCE, and I’m not great with people at the best of times, but I tried to converse in a normal fashion as best I could). So, I talked with Dean, (and survived!) for a bit, and he asked for my phone number. When I told him about this smartphone debacle (a version of it, anyway—in my tale you were a wealthy relative I haven’t seen in a decade) he tried to talk me down. “Think of it as an investment,” he said when I explained my hesitation. “You know, in your career. When agents and publishers are beating down your door, they’re gonna need a way to reach you. And if this uncle or whatever wants to fund your communication for a while, you should let him! He’s like a patron of the arts or something, right?” (I might have said you were my uncle. My apologies for the presumption, but I was very nervous.)
Cas nearly flinched. He had known they were out of touch, clearly, but it was still jarring to realize Dean wasn’t even sure which state Cas was currently inhabiting.
Unconvinced, Cas levelled him with his most eloquent dead-eyed stare – the one he had cultivated through years of being on the receiving end of Ellen’s. Dean shifted uncomfortably for a few seconds.
“I remember, Dean,” Cas disclosed softly. “I had just come out to your parents that morning. It’s not a day I’d forget.”
“No, but, it shouldn't,” Dean argued back. “We're family.”
So, Archangel, let me return to my usual irreverent tone as I update you on the goings on at The Garden, shall I? You don’t seem to have objected to my tone in the past, (at least not as much as you seem to object to my being ill and/or sad).
Let me be clear— this piece is in no way “complete”. The assignment was never meant to yield a finished work by the end of the program; it was an exercise in growth and challenge. And, in any case, we have a few more days yet before things finish up around here.
“I know I will,” Dean replied, clearly touched. “Thanks, Cas. I— just— thank you.”
Should you still be in search of alternative lodging over this month’s holiday break, Mr. Smith would like to recommend an available place in East Jordan, Michigan. The proprietor of a popular pub in town has a room available for a tenant during the time in question, and she has been known to provide excellent accommodations for young artists in the past. She offers a small apartment above her restaurant for a very minimal fee, which Mr. Smith would consider included within the scope of your existing scholarship. Another rental car could easily be hired for you as well, should you need transportation to East Jordan.
In all my reading—and believe me, there was no shortage of that pastime in my formative years— the trope of leaving home has solidified itself quite definitively in my mind. Whether the moment depicts an uncertain goodbye from the Shire, a swift escape from Thornfield Hall, or a devastated pull away from Oz, a thread runs through. A breaking with something unspoken and divine. There is a distinct before and after separation, and even if before was unpleasant at times, the narrative tells us that the hero still feels its absence.
What he does not expect is to find Dean Winchester standing just on the other side of the storm door.
A day of welcoming not the related, but the lost
The end of the sentence did not seem to be forthcoming, so Castiel supplied it. “You didn’t tell me.”
Dean’s tone wasn’t rude, per se, but it was defensive in a way they had never been with each other growing up. It was disappointing, but Cas didn’t feel entitled to push. So, he said only, “Nothing,” and stood to resume his evening routine.
Castiel is ready to assure Dean that he very much does not owe him anything, but at the pointed finger and focused look in the man’s eye, the words die in his mouth. He just waves feebly back, and watches as his neighbor heads back across the street.
Castiel thought, shaking off bafflement.
I won’t spend this entire letter gushing about Dean Winchester, I promise. But over the course of the weekend, we spent much more time with him than originally planned, and I have to say that I enjoyed it immensely. It doesn’t hurt that he’s quite nice to look at, of course. But more, I found that he has a special way of engaging a person in conversation, of listening to them fully and wishing to connect, which I very much admire and would love to observe further. It sounds like I might have that particular wish granted, as he told us he will be up state visiting several times this year, and would love to meet up with us all again. (Yes, all of us: he even kept up with Meg’s rather scary energy, which is quite a feat on first meeting.) He also exchanged email addresses with me and expressed an interest in reading my work at some point, which was quite flattering. I haven’t the faintest idea if he would enjoy my dry humor in written form, but he seemed to tolerate it quite well in person, so I have hope.
All the best,
“Here,” Dean said, handing over a glass of water. He still seemed strung pretty tight, not quite looking Castiel in the eye quite yet, but his moment to breathe in the other room seemed to have settle him some. “Have a seat,” he said softly, gesturing toward the center of the room.
A space, you see, can be a gift—
Cas snorted at that, and thought he saw Dean’s lip quirk toward a smile.
That said, my technical mind does seem to have gotten the hang of things now. As soon as Becky learned I had a smartphone for the first time, her eyes positively lit up with a vaguely terrifying excitement. She’s promised to spend this evening introducing me to some sort of crowd-sourced online fiction archive that she thinks will change my life. I don’t know about that, but I suppose I’ll humor her. Can’t hurt, right?
“Dean, you know I love you…” he began.
August 26
Lord. He sounds like a tween movie character, even in his own head, and it’s infuriating. But the fact of the matter is that parts of this hurt run high school deep, so perhaps he can be forgiven for regressing some, at least where Dean Winchester is concerned. Or perhaps that’s a bit too generous, and he should just blame the pandemic. That whole situation seems to obscure a variety of transgressions these days.
Please accept my sincerest thanks for the generous sponsorship you have provided over the past year. Not only did I thoroughly enjoy my time here amongst such an earnest and creative group of writers, I have learned far more— about my craft, about the world, about myself— than I ever could have hoped when I began this journey. I hope you can appreciate how profoundly your gift has changed my life. I shall never forget your generosity or take it for granted, and I only hope I can one day live up to the faith you have put in my work. I certainly intend to try my hardest to do just that.
With a tiny pause, Dean nods at this unreal comment, and starts to turn. “Well, I’ll get this over to Lisa so you can have the rest back ASAP.”
Sure enough, Charlie was gazing at the stack of paper with almost indecent desire. She absently patted Jo on the arm as she nodded. “My lady knows me so well.”
“No...”
“Indeed, I do. He doesn’t live right in the city, but I’m confident you’d find Dexter, Michigan more than acceptable for your immediate needs, at least until you have solidified your more permanent plans.”
“I know why I came solo this weekend,” Dean began slowly, “I had to keep up the Lisa thing. But, why did you? I know they offered you a plus one. You could have brought a date. Or even just brought Meg. You know we would have welcomed whoever you wanted to bring, right?”
Let me try for an example. Meg, who you’ve heard a lot about by now, has what you might call an “edgy” writing style. She is drawn to dark themes, macabre images, broken people and those who break them, the margins and the depths of a dark, ugly world. She writes murder and mayhem far more often than mild-mannered matrimony, and it seems to work for her. Her work is most likely to be compared to Joyce Carol Oates’ dark, brooding tales, and that stylistic theme has gotten her work quite a bit of attention. But, of course, we are all here to push ourselves, to extend our work beyond where we began, to find new avenues and traverse them without fear. To find the voids, and seek new ways to fill them in with fresh growth.
The thing is, Dean Winchester is a hell of a lot more complex than the persona he gives off. I had an inkling of this from our first meeting in November, honestly. He drives an absurd (though, admittedly, beautiful) muscle car, pitches his voice deliberately low like some sort of Eastwood cowboy, and dresses like a Carhartt ad. But if you watch him when he’s listening to someone else explain something, there’s a spark in his eye that belies real empathy. Behind the masculine posture is a true giver, the sort of man braced to leap in front of danger to protect anyone he calls a friend. He’s a fascinating study in contradictions.
In any case, however ridiculous, this is Castiel’s state of mind as he enters week two of newly-back-in-town quarantine, waking for the day around noon and stumbling to the front window of his half of the house. Gabriel has a day shift today – not that they can safely see each other in person these days anyway with Gabe’s job to worry about, despite living under the same general roof – so he is alone and unwatched. Well, apart from Bela, his small striped cat, who is staring up at him through her whiskers from the armchair. But she’s no more judgmental than she was back when he had a job and a home and a life, so at least there’s that.
November 7, 2017
It’s not that I never considered trying something more long form, of course. There’s certainly a much wider mainstream market for such things these days than in short fiction. It’s just that I’ve always been drawn to little slices of life, moments that bubble up and crash back down only to be left for the reader’s imagination to reassemble. But this has been something else entirely. Perhaps I’ve been building up to it for some time, through my futuristic lesbian collective and my various ghost stories. But whatever the reason, I have been seized by this core trio of wayward warriors, and I cannot even begin to let them go. I see new arcs and bigger fights in their futures, unearthed secrets and at least one deep diving romance, and I rather think I might actually write most of it. So, I guess stay tuned, Archangel— I might be a novelist after all.
Cas realized the mistake a moment too late.
Dean was shaking his head. “But it was just me. You just told me.”
It was a bit jarring, actually. Crowley is generally a cynical and sarcastic being, the sort to avoid even a hint of “wishy washy, saccharine, new age bull shit” with every atom of his being. So, to hear him effectively tell us to trust ourselves and try new things (even in the shouting call of an angry British drill sergeant) was rather stunning. I never expected to call one of Crowley’s lectures “inspirational”, but this one came remarkably close.
The proposed date is this coming Saturday. He wants to take me for cider and donuts at a favorite local spot, and to wander around a cute little town nearby. I think the only thing for it will be to accept the offer and go there to explain myself, to confess to having lied about having even some remote family, to try to make him understand that the interest he has shown me is a true honor, but one that is misplaced. I’m terrified this will net me one less friend, and will hurt immeasurably in the telling, but I cannot stand to lie to Dean any further. I must face up to the problems my reckless flirting has wrought.
But Sam was apparently too surprised to hear her. “Holy shit, Cas, is this…?”
“Yeah… I got back to my hotel and realized how shitty it was gonna feel if Archangel just fucked off after you invited him, and I found a florist. Hyacinths mean ‘please forgive me’.” Castiel raised his eyebrows at that comment, unsure where it had come from. Dean, noticing the effect of his non-sequitur, rushed to explain, “Charlie dated a florist for a while and I learned way too much about the Victorian language of flowers. Now I’m afraid not to use it in case the person on the other end knows about it and freaks out.”
Dean looked over at him, eyes still filled with mirth, from his own bed, and admitted, “I missed you.”
, and now he was paralyzed.
Cas scoffed. “He was no star, whatever Jess might imply.”
Adding a little color to all of this domestic bliss is Krissy, who is staying with me in the carriage house for the time being. Her next plan is to take a road trip out West with a college friend and see some National Parks, but they can’t leave until Aiden finishes up their internship. So, for the next few weeks, Jody and Donna’s dinner table is graced not only with myself, but with yet another wayward foster survivor. Claire was only wary of Krissy for about 10 minutes before the two were suddenly neck deep in some sort of pop culture interrogation that is completely beyond my understanding. Now, three days in, they seem to have developed telepathy and can have very eloquent conversations by barely moving their faces. It’s remarkable, really.
But Dean waved him off. “I know, that’s a bit of an exaggeration. But that’s sure what it feels like.”
After a few minutes, they are interrupted by loud whooping from a certain park bench a few yards away. If there weren’t kids running around, Dean would flip Sam and Eileen the bird. But there are, so he just makes a dismissive sort of gesture, unable to stop smiling, and takes Castiel’s hand.
He holds up a finger before muttering, “Just a moment”, and scuttling back to the kitchen. Apparently he should have made the effort to look less schlubby after all, he thinks, as he starts going through the cupboards in search of sugar. Then again, it clearly doesn’t matter how Cas looks in this moment, given the domestic bliss that reigns in the house across the street. He could be half naked, ripped, and covered in oil right now, and it wouldn’t change a thing about this situation.
“Please stop doing that voice.”
The front door was set back a bit on the right edge of the porch, so Castiel stowed his last glimmers of apprehension, climbed the trio of stairs up from the path, and approached.
Castiel walks for way longer than anticipated. It’s nice here. Quiet enough without being creepy. He’s got a soothing breeze blowing his hair into an even bigger mess, a podcast in his ear to help him zone out, and truly nowhere to be. After a while, Cas even takes off his face mask. Gabe had told him that he could, that the neighborhood had been operating under the rule that you could go mask-less outdoors as long as you crossed the street to make room for others. It was a quiet enough area that this wasn’t a hardship, and once Cas had confirmed that Gabe hadn’t been wrong (or lying) about this behavior, he opted to shed his mask as well.
“Me too, kiddo,” she confided, fighting back against the well of emotion behind her eyes. “Me too. What do you say we make sure she has the best damn wedding ever?”
So, yeah. Jack was his son. Still is, even if he’s not really corporeal or anything anymore. Who cares if raising a kid with two other dudes isn’t manly, or whatever - in the scheme of Dean Winchester’s existence, that is pretty far down on the list of weird. And family, as Bobby always maintained, ain’t about “normal”, with blood ties and predictability. It’s what you make it.
Somehow, Archangel, without realizing it or ever having planned it, I seem to have begun writing a novel.
True to form, he’s standing very close. Dean can feel the heat of his body - just slightly more than a human would give off, but not uncomfortable. He’s really there. Dean can only stare.
Cas broke into a grin that nearly hurt. “Really, idiot.”
“Right. Uh. You were so upset in that one letter when you were sick and feeling alone, so the irises were a message of friendship. And then with the sponsorship thing it was azaleas for ‘take care of yourself for me’. And potted, since you said you didn’t have much that was really ‘yours’. Oh, and the daffodils were for, uh, ‘regard’ and ‘new beginnings’.”
“I’d love a chocolate milkshake, then,” Cas interjects, also amused.
Who DOES that?
November 5, 2019
“It might not be a terrible place to land for a little while, if you want time to really look around at your options,” Castiel suggested.
And, if you’re sick of hearing about this man already, then just pretend he’s fictional, and allow me to spin you a story. I can assure you: from what I’ve learned through my various new Roadhouse sources, it is QUITE a story.
It started with some things I’ve enjoyed writing over the past year, namely the various ghost dragon iterations and their offshoots. I started toying with the idea of horror elements floating subtly over the top of a more ordinary world, where the more everyday terrors are only a small skip away from the supernatural, almost an inherent adjacency. More than that, though, I couldn’t stop thinking about the sort of lost, unseen people of the world who might devote themselves to holding such horrors at bay. It became clear to me, eventually, that such crusaders might be the children of an absent father with no home to speak of, rather like the Winchester boys once were. And, perhaps, such crusaders might be rather like my younger self, as well.
Castiel, true to form, is staring. He’s across the street, standing clear as day in the huge front window, staring at his high school crush. He needs to get it together.
But last night, a door opened to that realm here in the student wing lounge of The Garden’s estate, and it felt, to me, like magic.
He grinned as the women embraced him in farewell, Mary adding, “Mm, I miss you already, dear,” as she squeezed him extra tight.
Finally, Castiel let out the question at the heart of this forming picture. “So, Mr. Michael Smith?”
Dean frowned slightly, but shrugged. “I mean, they were mostly ‘our’ friends, you know? Mine and Lisa’s. And they were cool, even after the breakup. I wasn’t kidding when I said Lisa and I split on good terms. But—I don’t know.” He fortified again before continuing, glancing up at Cas quickly. “I was never so close with any of them that I needed to stay in town for them, I guess. Not when we can keep in touch so easily online. So, I decided to…leave.” He finished rather lamely, and seemed at a loss.
His resentment does not, however, stop him from eating them all.
Trying to return to the original question, Cas continued. “Anyway. I wanted this weekend to go better than ‘Balthazar week’. I wanted to really enjoy all of it with the whole group, without being distracted by some outsider who needed my attention, I guess.” After a breath, he added, “And I think I made the right call, in the end.”
“Heh, I know the type,” Dean offered knowingly. “Did I miss anyone else?”
is Jack’s world.
Happy New Year, Archangel. You are, as always, a true celestial gift.
ever you are, it’s good there. Comfortable. Fulfilling. All of it. You’re a good one, kid. The best.” He knows he’s crying now, but he figures Jack won’t mind. “Anyway. Just, thanks.”
“What’s wrong?” Castiel asked, still breathless from their ever-so-thorough kiss.
And with that, he couldn’t keep from kissing Dean for a moment longer.
Cas could feel his heart picking up speed. He thought he might know where this was going, but Dean’s monologue had cut off again, and he needed to be absolutely sure. Again, he prompted, “Dean?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Dean admonishes.
“Dude, still,” Dean returned, looking impressed. “That’s awesome. And you’re working in Detroit?”
Dear Archangel,
After a moment, Dean spoke, breath ghosting past Cas’s ear where their temples rested together. “Thanks for the save, back there,” he said, his low words very nearly making Cas shiver. “I was way not prepared for that conversation to happen today.”
“Yeah, that was…” Dean’s words died out, as if to suggest that there was no explaining what that had been like.
was certainly not a mansion.
Despite these domestic storms of emotion, I did keep up my work during the break, at least enough to feel on task now that I’m back at the Estate. Krissy and I are still finding time to work together on our foster-child-musings, and have recently been discussing how a living Purgatory could provide an apt metaphor for fosterdom. I’m not yet sure where that will take us, but given my penchant for Biblically-aligned concepts, I found the idea very intriguing. Beyond that, I have been diving deep into ideas and attempts for my final project, helped immensely by the fact that Jody is here almost full time now. She and I have connected very quickly, to be frank. I love her sense of humor, not to mention the seamless way she employs it in and around serious conversations to keep me at ease even as she pushes my limits. I am learning so much, and I am unbelievably glad to have gotten the opportunity to work with her even for such a brief period of time. It is truly a blessing.
So, advice? What do you think? If I came home the day this letter is delivered and got down on one knee and pulled out this ring I’ve been carrying in my pocket for two months? What do you think? Will my unbelievable streak of luck run out?
Last on our hall is the inestimable Meg Masters. As of yet, I cannot tell whether she likes me, likes to make fun of me, or wants to jump my bones, but I imagine it’s a combination of all three. So far, she has declared me “the only sane cow on this ranch”, given me my very first nickname (“Cas”), and upgraded me from my usual title of “odd” to “a strange one”. Oh, and she also smacked me affectionately on the behind this morning, which was…different. I’ve never had to come out to someone as an act of defense before, but that strange conversation might be in my future.
With a significant expression, Dean said, “I was too, to be honest. If I remember right, a fair amount of that sail was made up of me interrogating you about how you felt as you came out to more people. I was starting to figure my own shit out, you know?”
Cas smiled reassuringly and resumed his seat across from Dean. “Only when you add together the uncharacteristic silence with the traumatic breakup and the trunk full of suitcases.”
For a while, they just listened to the music in the night wind, let Mary Wells’ smooth melody sweep through the air unmarred. Cas didn’t feel uncomfortable, per se, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that he should say something. They were picking at the edges of an important conversation, and he couldn’t for the life of him figure out how to dive in. But he also didn’t have the heart to bail out and change the subject. So, they simply sat and listened until Dean, mercifully, spoke up.
Unfortunately, he didn’t have long to bask in his good fortune. He had been roused by the smell of fresh bacon, and far too soon Ellen’s call to breakfast was interrupting his shameless cataloguing of Dean’s freckles. There were still tasks to be executed today, things to help with, miles to drive before he and Dean could have time to begin working things out.
“I didn’t know that, though, did I?” Castiel shot back, anxious for Dean to understand. “It never once occurred to me that I was writing to you. I thought Archangel was a snooty old white man with no hair and too much money.”
The problem was Dean.
Castiel
“Of course,” Cas offered, kindly, a bit unnerved at how easily Dean wrote off his own happiness as a ‘naïve’ idea. “You shouldn't have to ‘settle’ in order to settle down.”
you for several months, assuming you weren’t into men?”
Hoping to remove the rising anxiety from Mary’s tone, Cas interjected. “Well, does the attic room still have two beds? Cause I don’t mind sharing a room, if it helps.” The room, inexplicably, had contained two twin beds since Ellen first inherited the place, and was a big enough space to fit two grown adults quite comfortably.
“It was a good day.”
After a silent minute, he found one. “You got me flowers.”
And oh, if that didn’t knock the breath right out of Castiel’s chest… Entranced, he whispered, “You think so?”
Well, it certainly feels some days like he’s losing track of reality, as post-travel quarantine blends all time into a mushy soup, and a general malaise that may or may not have to do with the pandemic settles into Castiel’s bones like an ache. It’s autumn, and he’s jobless, occupying half of the house where he grew up like a discarded Bronte wife dressed in ancient ratty sweatpants, and he might just be fine with all of that as long as he doesn’t have any reason to cross paths with Dean.
There was no mail slot. Only a small box mounted to the wall with the word “welcome. This envelope would definitively not fit in the mailbox.
My first wild thought was that Joshua, the Estate’s gardener, must have collected them for me from the grounds. But then, of course, it occurred to me that it is November, and even without knowing much about the growing of irises, I could safely assume they do not naturally grow to be so vibrant in the frosty northern autumn weather. In any event, there was a card on a stand sticking out of one side, much like one might see in a florist’s shop window.
“Ahh, yeah, no,” he says, mercifully sounding amused rather than upset. “This is still Lisa’s Mom’s house. She and Ben moved back in a year and a half ago, to help out – Cheryl’s got a pretty aggressive autoimmune disease, and even before the pandemic she needed a hand with a lot of stuff. But no one was using the apartment out here, so Lis offered it to me cheap if I wanted to stick around. My Uncle Bobby talked me into taking the offer, and here we all are. A happy family with a weird mechanic living over the garage.”
Cas couldn’t help his wince at that. “They don't know any better. They just want to see you content.”
But this? Please look at this from my perspective. What you are offering seems to be, at its core, free room and board with no strings attached for an undetermined amount of time, asking for nothing in return. It’s unreal. And even trusting you, which I do, I also think I have a right to be a bit wary of the proposal, don’t you? Even a writer kept by a patron in Victorian England would have been expected to offer something in return, wouldn’t they? Companionship or, at the least, entertainment? How can I offer this to you, whom I am not to expect to ever meet, when even the letters are no longer compulsory? I have nothing to offer in return, no way to feel I have even begun to earn such a luxury as full sponsorship. It is simply too much.
Well, an hour into this particular road trip, and he was wishing he’d spent the damn money.
Confession: I’m not sure whether or not I’m supposed to write to you this month, as far as the contract for your scholarship is concerned. As you well know, my program at The Garden does not begin until September, but Dr. Visyak impressed upon me that I’m expected to write to you every month. I’m not sure how well you know her, but I can assure you her “stern face” is utterly terrifying, and it was out in full force when she went over the terms of this arrangement. As a result, today you get a pre-program letter so that my dreams will not be haunted by a disappointed Dr. Visyak for the rest of my days.
“Yeah, but—”
I don’t mean to be morbid in telling you this. Nor do I mean to be entirely ungrateful- Mrs. Novak allowed me the shelter of her home and adequate food, luxuries which not all children can manage, and for these facts alone I am sincerely grateful to her. But you should know that without your intervention, I truly do not know where I would have ended up come August. Mrs. Novak only agreed to let me go to college in the first place on the condition that I paid my own way and vacated her home after graduation, and the former left me with little funding to accommodate the latter in any sort of comfort. I certainly would never have been able to attend The Garden without the aid of your munificence.
Behind me sits the building to which my deck is attached, and consequently the largest house into which I have ever even stepped foot. I would call it a mansion, but my experience of such stately homes is purely theoretical, and I could be wrong about the terminology. In any event, it is enormous, and I can easily see how one man living here alone would quickly turn to the first available means of filling it.
December 1, 2017
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says.
“But—“ at Mary’s and Ellen’s identical looks of motherly intensity, Sam relented. “Okay. You’re right. It’ll be fine.”
Oh, how to answer that one? He had made it sound like his crush was isolated to high school. Ought he keep up that charade to protect the fragile status quo?
“I…no, I thought you lived…” He feels supremely silly, and now he feels like he’s treading in even weirder territory than he was five minutes ago. Because Dean does not live with Lisa, apparently, and therefore Cas has no clue what is happening with that whole situation. He just trails off awkwardly, until Dean picks up on what he was getting at.
“Damn right,” Dean agrees. “Han Solo is the shit.” Then he stands and stretches his back. When he turns back to Castiel, his gaze has a whole new heat behind it. “You want a beer?”
Right, Cas should probably respond or something, shouldn’t he?
Slightly thrown, Cas adjusted as quickly as he could to this new line of thinking. “You haven't failed, Dean. You two were honest with yourselves and managed to walk away before it went completely to shit. And you managed it with minimal fallout. That's pretty baffling, really. Most couples just cling harder at that point, and it rarely seems to end well. You did what was right for both of you.”
If he was uncomfortably honest, Cas would have to admit that he took a tiny bit of vindictive pleasure at the contrition in Dean’s tone. So, he had noticed that his negligence had driven them apart. And he felt guilty. On the one hand, Cas was glad. It made his own pain feel somehow validated, seeing Dean come to terms with his part in it all.
With a shake of her head, Lisa continues on her way along the sidewalk. She turns up the drive of the next house over. She knocks. She’s greeted at the door by the same tall man Castiel spotted her with this morning, who leans out his front door to call a greeting of his own to Dean and the boy. They wave back again, apparently unconcerned and unsurprised as Lisa kisses their neighbor lightly on the mouth, hands him the bottle of wine, and follows him into his home. The door closes behind them.
Just as Dean’s dumping the second to last tarp-full of leaves into the street for tomorrow’s pickup, a little blue car pulls into the driveway. To no one’s surprise, out steps Lisa Braeden, still statuesque as ever, followed by the same small boy from the other night. Dean pauses with the tarp in one hand, and salutes the little boy. The boy salutes back as he and his mother head in the front door of the lovely little house. The whole scene is sickeningly adorable.
Sam’s eyes widened comically as his jaw dropped. “Wait, you haven’t even read it?”
Apart from that, things have been progressing largely as usual. Chuck is dramatic, Cain is intense, Crowley is aggressive, and Pam is tartly tolerant of them all. And with their combined guidance, we continue to push ourselves beyond our comfortable territory as much as we can. Interestingly, Pam’s group sessions have turned into something of a Writer’s Book Club of late, with all of us (Pam included) bringing in snippets and recommendations of books/stories that have inspired us—the more obscure the better. Especially given the wide variety of genre preferences among this group of students, that makes for a varied and exciting new reading list, which I am enjoying immensely thus far.
"Actually, yes. There was a woman with him in the hotel room." Tony smirked.
"Yeah, and not just werewolves. There are tons of monsters out there. Vampires, ghosts, wendigos, demons..."
Dean looked down at his hands and clenched them into fists. "It's alright. It wasn't your fault. And even though, I never had a normal life, I... Thanks to dad and his training, I was able to protect my little brother... at least for a while... I saw kids getting hurt because they didn't know about these creatures and even the adults were frozen in terror and were basically useless."
"All right. Jerk."
"I won't let him. I am strong enough to hold him back."
"Yeah... but even after his death the boys have to fix his mess. That's not right."
The girls laughed. "Of course!"
"Sammy will know."
"He is not dead.“ Castiel said.
"Eeehhh sorry... wrong door." Tony said, but one man quickly slammed his fist against Tony's head. Thankfully he was fast enough to activate his helmet.
"No... I don't have homework. I finished everything at school."
"We have to make this right.“ Tony said.
The girl woke and screamed as she saw Sam with the knife. Sam was about to stab her, but Dean stopped him.
"Why?" Bucky asked, while Tony still looked confused at the door, where the young woman left.
"Him?" Castiel asked.
"Where did you two learn such words?" Mary asked disappointed.
"DEAN!!" Castiel yelled, as he saw him vanishing in the smoke. Miracle barked, but then hid behind Castiel, just like Jack.
I don't put too much thought into this, so I'm not sure if all of this makes sense, but I hope that some of you enjoy it anyways.
Bucky turned on a flashlight and Tony activated his Iron Man suit. They carefully walked inside. It was quiet.
Just then Castiel appeared right behind Dean, as he turned around.
"Well, actually we can use them." Sam said.
"So... Where were you?" Bucky asked in a quiet voice, so only Dean would hear him.
"Wow! That's so awesome!" Sam was excited and Dean rolled his eyes at his nerdy brother.
"You told our daughters what they would get for Christmas." Eileen said.
As he ran deeper and deeper into the forest, he was sure, he lost the man and slowed down to catch his breath. He kept walking, until he suddenly heard a noise nearby. He instantly grabbed his hand gun from the inside of his jacket and stayed completely still. He heard more noises and then suddenly a yell. Dean didn’t think twice and immediately ran towards it.
"You're welcome bitch."
"Yeah it is fun. Sometimes a bit... stressful, but... yeah."
Dean just shrugged. "Fine. Just not sure what to do now... What if the psychic has no answer? Going back to hunting? Staying here?... I just don't know" Dean sighed.
"Troy told us. We're his cousins. I'm Dean. This is Sammy and this is Bucky, our uncle."
Sam sighed and walked to the back. When he came back, someone followed him.
Tony nodded.
"Don't worry bro. Once we reach the tower, we'll keep Tony away from you and you two can have the top floor of the tower all for yourselves." Dean grinned and they followed Tony and Jessica into the Quinjet that was currently parked half on the street. Jessica turned around to Sam confused and Sam could only smile at her, trying to reassure her that everything is alright.
"Yeah, we fought against Doom... again. Then Tony brought us here." Bruce said.
"He did?" Dean raised his eyebrows and tilted his head.
"Wait! You said God destroyed the other worlds. Why?" Charlie asked curiously.
"You are staying at a hotel? Why? And please tell me you two have a decent hotel room." Tony said to Dean, but he shook his head.
John sighed and walked over to him, sitting down on the other couch.
"Of course, they too exist..." Tony muttered.
"Aaannnd? How was it? Did you make any friends? Are the teachers hot?"
"Here!"
"That reminds me, we could use some more salt for the road. Do you still have some?" Sam asked Tony.
"A hunter? Like killing deers and stuff?" Bobby asked.
"Look, I know this is crazy, but it's really me. Yesterday morning I woke up in a fucking grave, digging myself out."
"You should not move it too much. So try not to lift any heavy things." Bruce said.
"Yes, thank you."
"Eh… what was that?" Tony asked and activated his suit. It came out of his car and flew directly to him and covered Tony's body. Bucky too got into fighting position.
"If Sam can not convince you to stay, then we don't even have to try." Steve said.
"But wouldn't it have been easier if everyone knew?" Ellen asked.
Everything hurt. It felt like his bones were being crushed, but he couldn't give up. Even if he was the last damn person on this fucking planet, in this fucking universe.
Tony saw that Bucky was struggling. The only weapons Tony had left, that could work, would explode and could hurt Bucky. He picked two up and flew into the sky and dropped them, but the creatures just got up again. He was running out of options.
"Not without a plan. If I go in there as an Avenger then we will be on the news and everyone will wonder why an Avenger helped a guy who has fake ID cards."
Everyone helped. They build together all the parts thanks to Tony‘s plan and at the same time they made notes about all the infinity stones that they would need in order to undo everything that Thanos did.
Dean sighed, placed the peanut butter and sandwiches on the table and sat down on the couch, slumping into the seat. "Ran into some werewolves."
"Easier said than done now." John muttered.
"You aren't, but I grew up with them. Iron Man and Bucky basically raised me and my brother for a while."
"Tony is right. It is almost midnight. We have enough rooms. You can stay here and tomorrow we will bring you home. As long as it's alright with your parents?" Steve said and Dean just glared at him.
"Honestly not that bad." Sam smiled.
"Maybe Tony knows where he is..."
"Because you have a metal arm." Pepper said matter of factly and Bucky rolled his eyes.
"Bitch." Dean said and Sam looked at him.
"Finished a job a few blocks away from here. Then heard something about a villain attacking, but when we checked it out, you guys already took care of it. Then I got hungry." Dean explained.
"Eva!" Sam was also shocked.
"Where to?"
"You know, Thor is right. We should have a re-match from back then." Dean said and got up.
"‘He‘ offered it to me.“
"You know, he asked me to marry him."
Dean looked at Sam. "Don't lie to me."
"What is happening?" Kevin asked. "People attacked other people suddenly and some didn't... they looked like monsters!"
Dean walked over to the shelf where it fell down. On it was a framed picture and Dean picked it up.
Dean was impressed by Cas' words and didn't say anything else. Then John turned to him.
"Oh no..." Mary whispered. "W-What about Jody a-and the others?!"
"What about the creatures?"
"Sorry... they drugged me. I can barely walk." Bucky mumbled and tried to stand on shaky legs.
"Wh-Wha...? Wha's happenin..?" He yawned.
"Yes they are."
"Yeah... But the important thing is, do you think that with whatever you used to be in the quantum thing can be turned into a time machine?"
"Are you two alright?" Eileen asked Charlie and Kevin, who both looked shocked and scared.
"Bitch."
"SHIELD get's more and more curious when it comes to the supernatural and recently Clint and I were on a mission where we met someone." Natasha explained.
"I‘m looking for work."
"There! There is the Hulk and the Winter Soldier!" Someone yelled and many people came running towards them.
Sam sighed. "It's complicated, but Ruby is-"
When they entered the garage, they saw Bobby standing next to the Impala.
"You don’t have to decide now. You could stay for a week and see how it goes." Bucky suggested and Dean nodded.
"Hi, nice to meet you. Jessica Moore."
"We are building a time-machine.“
"Tell us when you find your dad."
Meanwhile Sam spend a lot of time with Tony and Bruce, learning more and more about technology. He also got along really well with Pepper and Happy, who sometimes spend some time at the tower.
„Damn it, Sam, no. We have enough problems as it is.“
"But if angels exist, couldn't they have stopped it?" Bruce asked and everyone looked at Castiel again.
"You can bring him back?“ Sam asked.
"No Tony. I know you are tired. Hell I have been tired for almost all my life now. But this could work. And even if it doesn't, we have to at least try."
Bucky looked at him. "Dean-"
"He annoys me.“ Thanos said and got closer to them.
"But I can help-"
He heard Cas sighing. "It's Jack. Someone has to pick him up from school because I have to help out a colleague."
"An-an alien. He went after the infinity stones. His goal was to get rid of half the universe... and he won."
Bucky raised an eyebrow. "SOMS?"
"Dean would be overwhelmed. He needs to cool down on his own." Bucky said.
"Really?!" Bucky asked Tony.
"Come on Sam." Dean whispered and grabbed Sam's hand. They got out of there before they were swarmed and watched from afar how annoyed Bucky, Bruce and Pepper looked. Tony on the other hand did not seem to mind, though maybe he was just more used to it and hid the annoyance better.
"Dean needs a hospital." Sam said, as he made his way towards his brother.
"Hey Thor."
"Well, my interview is in 10 hours." Sam said and Dean looked disappointed. "I've got to be there."
"Well, whoever you will save next time, they will be grateful." Bucky said and sat down next to them.
"Dean?" Bobby asked. Suddenly everyone heard a loud, high pitched noise. Dean started to scream and got to his knees, trying to cover his ears with his hands.
"Why did you move so much? Is it because of the monsters?" Steve asked and Dean shrugged.
"Dean?!" Bucky looked at him in shock.
"It's getting late kid. You should head home before it's getting dark."
There was silence for a second. "Where is he?"
____________________
"Yes. We have to find dad. And the Avengers will never let us stay here for longer. They have more important things to do then looking after two troublesome kids."
"Gentlemen." Sam said as he looked at the other police officers and they left.
"Dean!" Dean turned towards his friend. Castiel stood there with shock on his face. His hands started to disappear into dust as well.
"I guess you are right."
"Yes."
"Nat what the hell is going on?!"
Dean smiled ans then smirked at him. "About time he asked you. Though you could have asked him too."
"I won't let anything happend to any of you, but we should stay alert." Dean stated.
"He only wanted to protect us! He taught us how to fight and how to kill! We are only hunters because most people are too weak and can not defend themselves!"
"So this will be your new purgatory?" Dean asked him in shock.
"Hey!" The man yelled and ran after him.
Nothing.
It was dark.
"Yeah well dad needs me. And I need Sam."
"Dean, even if you are not... not my son, at least not really, you are still a part of this family. No matter in what universe we are." Mary said and smiled slightly at him.
Dean smiled and got into the driver seat of the Impala and Cas went around the car to sit next to him, after waving at the girls and Eileen. Dean started the car and "Carry On Wayward Son" started to play. Sam saw Cas and Dean smiling at each other, as they drove off and Sam waved as he watched them drive away into their next adventure.
"Sam has packed two bags and drove off in the Impala, Sir." FRIDAY explained.
"No, I can take it." Dean was confident and Thor grinned at him.
"So is this your big plan? Drag Dean to hell, kill Sam and then what?" Bucky asked.
"You are still hurt. No fighting." Bucky said and glared at Dean.
"...Sam never told you...?" Dean asked carefully and Bucky only shook his head.
"Maybe it's just someone pulling a prank." Dean said, but he didn't even believe himself.
"Yeah, about that... I'm not sure for how long."
"Just be careful." Sam told Dean.
"Everything alright?"
"That you are." Sam smiled. "Dad said that you were a great help... Even though he doesn't want to admit it, he is getting older."
"Y-You remember hell?" Sam asked, even more shocked now.
"No you- you wouldn't. I mean if you have nothing else to do, then we would love to have you with us. It's the least I can do."
"No! Definitely not!“ Dean said and walked inside.
Tony sighed. "Alright, but you can only take them when you have our permission."
Dean and Cas pulled away and Dean slowly turned to the others. "You guys shut up.“
It dragged Dean from the table clawed at him, as he laid on the ground.
"AAAAAHHH!!" Dean screamed and Sam took out his gun and shot the guy who stabbed his brother. Sadly the other guy reacted quickly and held a knife against Dean's throat while looking at Sam.
"What?!" Bucky yelled.
"I- I don't want to intrude."
Castiel called Sam last night and told him what happened. He also mentioned that Dean looked worried and probably wanted to talk about something. So they wanted Eileen to keep the kids busy, so that the others could talk.
Dean just nodded. "But this is different."
On the next day, Sam and Dean got the opportunity to go to school. They met Happy and he drove them over to the school and talked to the teachers that Tony had called earlier. He would pick them up later and Sam and Dean walked to their classes.
"Bucky had some problems with a kid and werewolf-creatures."
"What ya want?" The old man grumbled. He already reminded him of Bobby. From the clothes, to the grim expression and the way he talked.
John looked down ashamed, even though he was a different man than the John from Dean's world.
"There is no way! We lost. Bucky is-..." Tony just shook his head. "I am just happy that at least you survived."
"We'll explain everything later. It's just great to have you back." Sam said and wiped away a tear. The other Dean stood there and smiled at them. "All the monsters are gone now and I will erase everyone's memories from the last week, accept yours, if you want." Jack told them and everyone nodded.
"Have you found your father yet?" Bruce asked, though he had a feeling that he already knew the answer.
He gently stroked through his hair and laid his hand on his brother's cheek.
"Don’t. Just please don’t."
"Why have you only come to us now?" Steve asked.
"We all tried to call you." Steve explained.
"No, Dean. We have more important things to do."
"You probably won't even notice. He would most likely just snap his fingers and you would all be gone."
"It wasn't that bad. Sammy and I... We had each other. The Impala was our home, though we stayed at Bobby's from time to time as well."
"Ahaha I knew it would work, though I told you to not bring me back.“ Dean said to Tony.
"Shit, what are those?!" Iron Man asked, as some angry, hungry and crazy looking people came running towards them.
"Fury and Coulson know about these supernatural creatures." She finished and everyone looked at her.
"Wait wait, we shouldn't... Is this really happening?" Mary asked.
At this point Dean had stopped to yell for Chuck and just stood in the middle of the room, thinking.
No one had an answer and Sam turned to Dean.
"I will stay here."
"Shit, you alright?" He knelt down next to Dean.
Tony groaned again. "God dammit... Steve...Steve can you hear me? Natasha...?" Damnit it!" He had no signal.
"Ready?“ Cas asked.
Scott told them everything. It was clear that Steve and Natasha also didn't understand much, but they seemed open to the idea.
"Who knows, maybe you will change him."
"I was offered the powers of an archangel.“
Bucky and Sam looked at Dean. He was dead. His body ripped apart, blood everywhere and eyes still open.
By the end of the day, everyone was tired. Most have left to go to their families and loved ones. Castiel came back and Dean asked him to help Wanda with Vision. He and Wanda together managed to revive him. The only thing missing know, was the mind stone. But thanks to Castiel, he got his memories back and therefore the mind stone wasn‘t needed anymore.
"... I tried to bring you back for months! I read every book there is, I tried every god damn ritual and I prayed every day that you will come back. Now you are here and I will not just let you leave again."
Castiel turned towards Bobby and Ellen and they both nodded.
"...w-what...?" Sam muttered and stood up.
"18." Sam said.
____________________
"His arm is still injured." Natasha said, rolling her eyes.
"Mommy's here. It's okay."
"Well we are not leaving you, unless your parents come home and explain, why they left two little kids alone in the forest with these creatures around." Tony said.
Dean looked at the two and smiled. Then he grabbed his jacket and walked towards the front door.
Dean was breathing heavily and looked around. Clearly he wasn't fully aware where he was.
"Daddy, what is happening?" Eva was now really scared. And Jack burried his face in Castiel's chest, as he held him close.
Sam laughed and for a minute it was quiet.
"Can we summon him?" Dean asked.
"Who the fuck is Thanos?!"
"Even though I left...?" Dean whispered.
"Well I saw it."
After they ran away from their last foster home, they managed to find an old cabin where they once stayed with their father, before he vanished. They found some weapons and canned food, but Dean had to fight more and more monsters recently, so their silver, salt and holy water slowly ran out.
"Dean? Are you alright? Is Sam...?"
"This time it’s different. I need your help."
"Sir, a black 67 Chevrolet Impala is currently trying to get into the garage. Should I let them in?"
"It's okay, buddy. Take your time."
"-more and more are appearing!..."
"You still using fake credit cards, right?"
Rob turned to Dean and ignored his other part. "We are God, so for us the whole time travel part is a bit different. Once, God thought about an alternate ending for your world. One where Jack would become a God. It never became reality, but it was a thought and that was enough for me to go to."
"You have watched this movie at least 8 times since we all moved in here. Surely you don't need it to be quiet to understand the movie."
______________________________
"It is not. Maybe… maybe there is information about the yellow eyed demon! That could lead us to dad!" Dean said exited, but Sam’s smile faded.
Dean looked at Tony, Bucky and the rest of the team. "Keep him safe. Come on Cas." Dean left and Cas followed him.
"Five days ago... Tony and Bucky brought me back here. Sorry Bobby, I should have called." Sam said and felt bad.
Meanwhile Steve got slowly up and Thor landed next to him to steady him.
"He was a demon, more specifically the king of hell."
"I'm sorry Sam. He is just... trying to help." Bucky smiled at him, but Sam still looked annoyed.
"Remember, they have to be exactly where they were. You can not just drop them of in New York and then leave again.“
"They need you.“ Dean interrupted him. "You have to build the glove. You have to put the stones together. You will see Bucky again and you have to help the world to rebuild. Everyone depends on you.“
"Sam, is that you?“ Bucky came over and hugged Sam tightly.
He looked around and realized that he was in a small room, on a bed. There was a window and he saw that it was dark outside, which explained why he could barely see anything.
And then he was gone.
It was a calm Sunday evening, when FRIDAY informed the Avengers that Sam was calling them again. All of the Avengers were there this time, as they had just fought against Hydra soldiers and took down one of their main bases.
"Yes. She is the sheriff of this town."
"We are at Bobby's place. Family friend. He takes care of us, so it's alright. Sorry for this, I just had to tell someone and you guys deserve to know."
When he returned, he and Bobby waited for John and an hour later, he came back and Dean told him about Castiel and Jack.
"... This Thanos...he-?"
"And call us if you need our help."
"Not in this world. No. But there were other worlds with such things. Dean here comes from one of those worlds."
"No. The Lord does not value one more just because they believe in him."
"It is not my fault that the Hulk doesn't agree with me on who the strongest Avenger is." Thor said.
He drove towards the old place, when he got a phone call from Dean.
When Bobby and Dean arrived, FRIDAY immediately alarmed the Avengers that Bobby and someone who looked like Dean wanted to get into the tower.
Dean stopped screaming, the glass stopped shattering and the weird sound was no longer there.
"Sounds good. I'm starving." Dean said and sat down on the couch.
"That was easy." Dean commented, eyes still wide open.
"Well, the view here is certainly incredible." Jessica said and turned to the large window from where you could see most of New York.
"Soooo, no wings? No grace?"
"Woah woah wait! Steve and the others are coming. We should wait for them." Tony said and tried to stop Sam.
"You know us as superheroes. But not as normal people. So, I am Tony Stark,… here we have Captain Steve Rogers, Bucky Barnes, Natasha Romanoff, Clint Barton, Bruce Banner and Thor. You already know JARVIS and depending how long you are going to stay here, you could also meet Pepper Potts, Happy and probably Agent. Who I am sure already knows that you guys are here."
"We got work to do, don't we?"
"The hell are you grinning at?"
"I know Tony, but that's all I got. Let FRIDAY scan me, take my blood, my hand prints, I don't care.... but whatever you did, worked. So tell me Sam, what'd it cost? " Dean asked.
Ellen also agreed. "Good idea. We can tell Jo, Charlie, Kevin and all the others then as well."
Dean and Tomy walked up to them.
"We flew there and cut his head off." Thor said bitterly.
Dean nodded. "Alright. I will stay, for now. Just until everything makes more sense." Dean sat down again and rubbed his temple.
"Wow.“
"Well Sammy, let's hit it." Dean said and they drove off.
"Awesome." Dean said and he and Bucky walked up to it.
Castiel looked confused. "I- what?"
"This is impossible..." Benny said and stared at the man who appeared out of nowhere.
They walked around the place for some time and it was slowly getting dark, when Dean suddenly found something. There was a back door and there was blood smeared on it.
Bucky sighed in relief and helped him up, when suddenly Dean pushed him to the side. "Look out!" He raised his still slightly injured arm and was scratched by the skinwalker. Bucky pulled Dean's knife out of his pocket and stabbed the dog in the heart.
Tony nodded and for a while it was quiet between them.
"Put him on speaker." Tony said.
Rob nodded.
"Dean-"
"Cas, that‘s- that‘s great! I did not know that that could happen.“ Sam said.
"But maybe Iron Man has an idea...?"
„Then give me another option, Dean. Tell me what else.“ Sam said desperately.
"Yeah."
It was silent for a second, until Dean continued. „Just no... We are not gonna make the same mistakes all over again... You guys wanna save me? Find something else.“ Dean walked over to the couch and sat down.
"How close are you to finding the demon?"
"No. I don't. And now all of them here... I'm ruining their lives." Dean said in a raspy voice.
John smiled slightly. "Both of them just being together, I guess. Dean was more happy and Castiel is a smart and reasonable man. Sometimes a bit old-fashioned and uptight, but overall a great guy. Also the fact that he saved my son's life had a plus point."
______________________________
"At least they have each other and a friend who helps them." Thor said.
"There must have been some evidence." Ellen contered.
"Should we... give him hope?" Tony asked Bucky.
"Dean... maybe you just imagined it...?" John asked carefully. "Like a PTSD flashback."
"Yep. She loves that dog more than me..."
"What's wrong? Are you alright?" Tony asked worriedly.
Jody looked lost and sat down again. Kevin went a hand through his hair and the others looked lost as well.
"This is enough. Tony." Dean said and Tony stepped next to him, holding a phone in his hand.
"Mornin..." Dean mumbled while he yawned. "What time is it?"
______________________________
Dean told them that he and John were hunting together for the last 8 years and that they killed a lot of monsters. He told them that he did his own thing in New Orleans, while John was checking out a case in Jericho, California. Dean told the others about a guy that had vanished and 9 others as well in the last 20 years. John went to dig around, but Dean hadn't heard from him in the past three weeks. Then Dean showed them a voicemail that he got.
"No, you are not making things worse, Dean. It is... difficult for everyone, but we won't just send you away. And-... and I kinda hoped that it would be good for Jack."
"Is Charlie taking care of Miracle?" Sam asked Dean and he nodded.
"Still."
"I can not loose him too." Castiel said.
"No, I am not. My family is dead. You guys are just other versions of them... I don't belong here..." Dean whispered and Miracle started to whimper and laid his head on Dean's leg. Dean gently stroked his head and sighed. "Sorry guys, it's just... You all have normal lives here. Don't let me ruin it for you."
"Doesn't matter." Bucky said. And punched her. She stumbled back, but then she hits Bucky over and over and he too couldn't overpower her.
"Dean, I don't need the-"
"So cool!" The girls said at the same time.
"Come here." Dean walked over and the guy pointed at the car. "This old beauty rattles a bit. Any idea?"
At this point the Hulk had turned back into Bruce and he was now talking to Thor.
"Found something Cas?" Dean asked, as they approached him.
"You know that I tend to overthink things. Believe me, I looked at hundrets of rings and even thought about making two on my own, but then there was always this voice in my head saying he deserves someone better."
Dean could see the creature. The hellhound was huge, black and just looked terrifying. He barked and they started to run. They ran into the next room and closed the doors. Bucky and Sam trying to hold it closed, while Dean scattered some dust to keep them out.
They left and looked for a hotel to stay in. Dean used one of his credit cards and the guy at the hotel mentioned a man that sounded a lot like John. They asked in what room the man stayed in and got inside. There were pictured on the walls and a salt circle around the door.
"He NEVER was a father to me Dean. Yes I know he cared, but in the next second he was gone again."
Sam looked at him confused. "Can I help you?"
"Yeah... Nothing we can do anyway." Dean started to walk and Sam followed him.
Then the ghost appeared again, this time at the far end of the room.
"What does one do in a situation like this?“ Castiel asked confused.
"Say kid, where are your parents?" Bucky asked and they were met with silence again.
"I am 11."
"He would be proud of you." Bucky said, but he heard Dean snort on the other line.
"...You homeless or something?" He asked.
"They can manage. I am sure they can." Tony said and then went back to work.
"You should go, look for Dean. I think he is in trouble."
'What is this...?' he thought and kept walking. He heard some voices, but his head hurt too much to focus on them. He slowly opened the door and his eyes widened at what he saw...
Sam glared at his brother. They stood in the living room of Sam's new house in Kansas. Sam's and Eileen's twin girls, Zoe and Eva were always happy when Uncle Dean and Uncle Cas visited them. They knew about the family secret, that their uncles are hunting evil ghosts and they couldn't wait to go on a hunting trip with their uncles. Sam already regretted telling them the truth, but he didn't want to keep the secret from them. As long as he and Eileen could keep them safe (and away from Dean's dangerous roadtrips) they would be alright.
"We only want to help." Tony added. They both had a bad feeling about this. No kid should live alone in the woods with monster-wolf-people running around.
Dean looked at Castiel, not sure what to say. He remembered what his Cas said to him, right before the Empty took him. He remembered the way Cas looked at him, tears in his eyes, but still happy. Of all humans out there, it was him he fell in love with and even now Dean couldn't understand why. All the things he had done, all the flaws he has and Cas fell in love with him. And now he is... The Castiel from this world loved his other version. Even being married and being fathers....
Tony and Bucky turned around and saw that the door to the cabin was open. Dean stood there with his gun in his hand and shot one werewolf after another.
"It's fine, man. I had nothing to do anyway."
Sam closed the door and everyone else sat down on the chouch and chairs in the living room. Only John leaned against the wall and glared at the man and Dean too stood near the door and eyed Chuck like a hawk.
„Whoa, whoa, hold on. Holster it up there, Tex.“ Dean said and shook his head.
"What do they talk about?" Sam and Dean asked simultaneously.
"John! Get up!" She hit her husband who was sleeping next to her.
"What is going on?"
"What about it?"
"He is their father. If he calls the police then there will be only more trouble for the kids." Steve agreed.
The Avengers couldn’t deny that.
"How long have you been in her?" Dean asked.
"Your father didn't say anything, but I won't leave an eight year old boy alone in a big house." Dean explained and to his surprise, he saw a small smile on Jack's lips.
"Wait. We should call Tony and Sam."
Castiel glared at him. "You can not have the four rings of the horsemen. That is impossible."
"Something bad must have happened and now she probably can not rest." Sam said.
"Understandable, hell I don't want Sam to know." Tony agreed and turned to look at Bucky. The man looked tired and worried.
"...the kids are outside." Sam told him and Dean looked up.
"Just because you were impatient." Bucky said and Dean grinned.
Sam grinned too. "It's not about the luxury. It's... nice to help others. To figure out difficult cases. Spending time with Dean. It's what I was supposed to do, I guess."
"Sam, you alright?" Bucky asked.
"I-... I know that I look like the 'Dean' that you knew, but I am not him. I'm... I'm from another world, where everything is different. Like your parents told you, I will stay here for a while, if it's alright with you."
Bucky nodded. "If it's code red, then he needs as much as possible, but one Avenger less won't change much."
"You are my brother Dean, but this is more of a home to  me then all the crappy hotel rooms. I finally made some friends and I have a great chance to go to college someday."
"There was a lot of chaos, but now most things are back to normal.“
"There is nothing you have to apolagize for. We are just glad we could help." Mary said and then got up. "I'll get you a glass of water." She left before Dean could say anything and John also got up and leaned against the wall.
"Nonsense. You are our guests. It’ll only take a few minutes anyway." Tony said and the brothers got up and went to the couch.
"Wait wait wait. You can not just leave." Sam said and got up as well.
"Yay! Let's do it." Eva said excited and dragged her twin sister and Jack into the house. Eileen followed and closed the door.
"Yes. I will drive home and pick up a few things for you." Castiel said to Dean.
"Welcome to the greatest place on earth. The Avengers tower!" Tony announced happily and he gestured for the boys to come in.
"Jarvis?" Dean asked.
"Well, we already send a lot of money to orphanages to make a better place for the kids there… I mean, mainly Tony because he has all the money. And now that you told us about how some people treat you kids, we will look more closely and work harder with the police to make sure that no kids will be harmed. All, thanks to you, Dean. You helped a lot of others with your honesty."
"Yeah, some of us here are trying to watch tv." Clint comlained.
When the enemy was gone, a man appeared in front of Castiel and the others.
Tony groaned. "I told Bucky to wait for us."
Tony chuckled. "When he asked me, I- I saw our future. Us there in a... mostly peaceful life. All of you guys visiting us of course. It would have been perfect..."
"No, Bobby, of course not." Sam said.
"Dean..."
"Haha, yeah right. I mean that is... crazy..." Charlie said, but then she saw Sam's serious look. "You- your really mean it...?"
"Man, we are getting old." Steve said while he yawned.
"Yeah, that happened days ago... Dean was in a coma."
"What?" Steve asked his friend.
"Bringing you back to the tower and-... who is that?" Tony pointed at a woman in Sam's room.
"You know how much he meant to Dean."
"Just tell JARVIS what you want to watch and he’ll change the channel."
"Yeah, what the hell is going on?“
"What?"
"Take it Sam. You still have the phone from Stark, so call me if something is wrong. Use these if you have to."
They had to figure out the times and places to go to. So, they formed teams.
"I'm in!" Clint said and Natasha nodded.
"There are only a few hunters out there, but they are enough to kill them. A lot of people have already come in contact with ghosts and other creatures, but they know that no one would believe them and the FBI and police would have no idea what to do and would make a hunt just more complicated. It is not easy to live like this, because there is no payment. But it’s the right thing to do."
"I would prefere alcohol." Bobby muttured as he and John sat back down on the couch. Sam went over to them as well. Castiel still stood there and looked over to Dean who was still standing in the corner, his body shaking.
"I wish we could help them, without ruining everything." Bruce said.
Dean glared at them. "...so, you don't know about monsters..?"
"Well, thanks for everything. Come on Sammy." Dean grabbed his brother and walked towards the elevator.
"Yes. The last thing I remember is being there with Dean and- and then... I don't know what Dean did, but all I know is that I am alive and he is not here." Castiel sounded panicked.
Sam said goodbye to the others and he and Bobby got into the car as well and they drove off.
"Oh Dean... Don't look at me like that. You should be angry with the other part of me. He dragged you here. I just wanted to kill you. I would have killed everyone here in an instant and they wouldn't even have realized. But he... he had to try and play hero. I mean, he is a part of me, so I guess it's also my fault, but-"
Wanda shook her head. "You are unbelievable..."
"Are you taking your other car?" John asked him.
"Yeah, make sure you live a happy life." Sam told him.
"Thor and Dean are going to fight. I bet on our big blonde viking." Clint said.
Castiel sighed and walked over to him. He gently placed a hand on Dean's shoulder. "The couch  is more comfortable."
"I am an angel of the lord." Castiel stated.
Rob smiled. "Yes. Now back to the story. God, or Chuck, changed over the years and became more and more unsatisfied. He wanted to destroy all universes. Every single one that he created. But God is... his mind is not like the one of a human, so it's not easy to understand, but you can not see God as a person, but more of a being with endless possibilities. A part of him," He pointed at himself. "didn't agree and split off of God's form. For a while I just existed without a body in between the universes. I had no goal, I was just... there." He turned to Dean and looked deep into his green eyes.
"Well then, let's just hope for the best." Sam said.
"Dean-"
"It was nothing." Dean said. "Can Sam and I go now?"
"Dean just shrugged. "How'd you know?"
"Why are they always so childish?“ Natasha asked and smiled at Steve.
God looked confused and Dean and the others were also bewildered.
And the fight began.
The man went to the cliff and pointed down.
"Could be a couple of things." Dean walked over and looked under the hood. He picked up a box wrench. "I think it's an out of tune carb..." Dean started to work a bit and after 10 minutes the guy nodded.
"Do we exist in his world too?"
"It's salt." Dean said.
"Yeah, I'm fine."
"The worst part was that I spend so much time in hell and I still remember everything. All the blood, all the pain, all the screams..." Dean was shaking now and without realizing, they had stopped walking and just stood in the forest with the dogs running around them.
Dean then saw Tony and Bucky and also walked up to them and hugged them as well.
Dean and Sam just shrugged.
Dean thought about it for a moment and then nodded. "Y-Yeah sure. I would love to come. Thanks."
He went to an old place and talked to Joseph Welch, the husband.
____________________
After a few more episodes the boys had fallen asleep and the Avengers also got tired.
"Don't worry. Your brother is a fighter. He will be alright."
"Easier said then done..." Dean sighed.
"He is a smart kid. He will understand." They heard a voice and turned around. Cas stood there.
"Oh please. They are like two giant monkeys that argue about one banana."
Dean woke up with a startle and he panicked for a second when he did not know where he was. But then he saw Sam sitting on the bed, putting on his shoes.
"Wow... Someone lived under a rock. Thanos, some pruple, evil alien dusted away half of all living beings. That happened five years ago." Dean quickly explained.
"Dean, calm down. It's me, Bucky. You are safe. We only want to bring you to bed." Bucky tried to sound as non threatening as he could but he wasn't sure if it was enough to convince Dean that he meant no harm.
Tony looked at Dean. He saw hope and determination in his eyes. Dean always had a difficult life, never had it easy. Even when he died he was in hell and got tortured. But this man never quit. He always found a reason to get up again, to fight. For Dean it‘s all about family, blood-related or not.
"Don’t worry, we will find a way and-"
"We already watched this episode once." Natasha said, rolling her eyes.
"Oh man..." Crowley said disappointed and everyone glared at him, while the twins laughed.
"Dean, look, just hold on-"
"Oh I know. But I wanted a new start. A new order. A new beginning. That stupid part of me, that felt sorry and wanted to save everyone... He ruined everything."
"I just wish they were here."
"So, any hobbies?" Tony asked, trying to lighten the mood.
John showed him the backyard, where an old GMC truck was parked, as well as an 67' Ford Mustang. Dean remembered him from when they where in the alternate universe where Balthazar had saved the Titanic.
"I don‘t want to hurt you!" The man yelled, but they kept attacking.
"Our father told us, that you have to be born into this kind of life. Otherwise it would be difficult to find a good start." Dean agreed.
"Hey Sammy, already making friends?" Dean asked, as he smiled at his brother who was followed by a boy and girl his age.
The one who looks like Dean walked up and looked at Sam.
"What do you mean?" Bobby asked.
"Castiel really is an angel, guys. I know it's hard to believe, but it is the truth." Sam said and the Avengers just stared at them.
"Alright. Come on. We'll get your brother and get out of here."
Dean turned to leave, but then stopped and walked over to Sam again. He reached into his pocket and took out some money. "Here."
"I won't loose another son." John said in a broken voice.
Ruby punched back.
"I know... crazy, right.“
The woman shook her head. "Not gone. Dormant. And not just visions either... Why do you think Lilith is so scared of you?"
"Someone who looks like Dean." Bucky said and Sam froze.
Just as God was about to snap his finger, two people suddenly appeard and stood between God and the others.
"No Sir, he did not."
Sam turned to Bobby. "What the hell Bobby?"
"Oh shit." Tony muttered.
"She was a very bad girl. So I sent her far far away."
"Thanks, but I think he just needs some time to think this through. Dean was close to him and... he will be alright."
"Well, even though it's 2 am, I will prepare some coffe and tea and then we will discuss this." Mary said.
Dean stopped in front of it and Jack got out of the car and went up to the front door. Dean got out as well and followed Jack into the house.
"Well we had a lot of close calls recently. We almost died multiple times."
"Thanks Tony. You and Bucky saved us and gave us a home. So thanks for everything."
"You think I'm going to let you run off again? Dean, I will go with you."
"We could trap and weaken him with holy oil and an angels depowering sigil, but we would still have to get him in there and then into the cage." Castiel explained.
"Thanks."
"A time... Yes!!! The van! Oh my god, that- no wait, that couldn't, but maybe..."
"Eileen, it's good to see you."
____________________
"Dad-"
"Hi." The boy whispered.
"Someone went through here. The question is if it was the victim."
"Oh come on, Bobby. You know I'm talking about monsters." Dean was frustrated at this point. Why were they acting so strange. Even after death, they should act like themselves, right?
"Fucking finally." Dean said and got up.
"For what?"
"Wow Jess, that's great. I am sure your parents are proud of you." They all heard Sam say over their comlinks.
"For you, Dean. You deserve it. This world will be at peace again, thanks to you. You never gave up." Dean nodded slightly. "... thanks."
Castiel nodded and looked straight ahead at the Avengers. They looked at him and waited for something to happen.
"AAAAHHHH!"
"Ah good morning boys. Come on, eat. Before Thor eats everything." Tony said with a smile. He and the other Avengers were already there and it looked like they had waited for them.
"We know." Sam said.
"Never really thought about that… I guess I like fighting."
"We were too far in. And... someone had to kill the monsters, right? Someone had to get their hands dirty."
"... wow..."
"Bucky got you out?" Sam asked.
"Not yet. We wanted to wait for you to wake up, so that they can see you with their own eyes."
Dean nodded and turned to Castiel again. "Do you know people by the names of Lucifer, Michael, Raphael or Gabriel?"
The others more or less ignored the news, as people died by accidents every day, but Dean leaned forward and looked closer at the pictures that they showed on the news.
"No... It's alright. Thanks."
Sam had some tears in his eyes and Bucky walked up to him and put his metal arm on his shoulder for comfort.
"You sure you're alright?"
"And what role would have Dean played?" Bucky asked and Dean rolled his eyes.
____________________
"The ego-thing is the same here, though he is the mayor of this area."
"Tony!" Sam said and took out his gun. He aimed it at the other man and shot. There was a huge hole in the guys chest, but the rotten skin just reformed itself and closed the hole.
"Woah! This is great." Dean ate some pasta, potatoes, bacon and took a giant piece of steak.
Jack smiled and nodded. "I just restored it. It is a time before God got rid of everyone. Before everything went downhill."
"Come on Dean. It was your first day-"
"So now you'll just watch as we all die or turn into monsters?" Sam asked.
Tony let out a long sigh and grinned at the others.
Now they were both in Castiel's home again and played a board game in the kitchen. Miracle laid next to the table and after an hour, they heard a key in the front door.
"Go to sleep Dean. You are tired."
"Night."
Sam laughed and shook his head.
"What?"
The people screamed, but no one did anything.
"Not yet. Maybe a ghost...?" Dean guessed.
"Calm down, Dean. We will find him."
"Yeah." Sam said.
"You think I would fall for that?" The guy laughed. "You came here with the Winter Soldier. We all know him. Hydra has other plans for him, but they will pay me well for capturing him. You two on the other hand will become my new greatest creations. Now put the gun down, or..." He pressed the knife harder against Dean's throat again.
"So... you will stay here?" Charlie asked Dean carefully.
Sam and Dean‘s eyes widened and the others too looked impressed.
"Everything alright?"
Chuck cleared his throat and started to explain. "God exists. In the past, he created the universe, but not just one. He created many. Too many to count. He created different characters, different worlds and realities. Some are similar and some are completely different."
FRIDAY told the other Avengers, including Sam that they should come to the main floor and assist if necessary.
Suddenly Dean looked disgustedly at her. "Oh."
"Err... No, sure, hell no and maybe." He answered.
______________________________
"Right, she's scared of me."
Jack smiled. "They are both inside. They won't know what happened, so you will have to explain it to them and I think it would be good for you to talk about it... The dog is there too. I know you liked him, so..."
"I have no proof, Dean. But you can believe me."
"I said I'm fine!"
A few days later, the Avengers all sat in the tower. The mood was depressed and no one wanted to say anything. Sam was upstairs and he barely left his room. After they had put Dean to rest, he wanted to be left alone and everyone understood it.
"Where did you get them anyway?" Bucky asked curiously.
"Well, I was looking for a beer."
"...So we burn her body?"
"Oh yeah, I'm starving. Come on guys."
"Dean, let the man go." Sam said and tried to get him away from the man.
